1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1653
rick in the chair.) The Chair will state that
arty remarks reflecting on the Senate are out of
older.
Mr JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Does the Chair
say that I made such a remark?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
not say that; but such remarks are out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Give the words.
Mr. STUART. If the Senator will waive that
point, I will move to take a recess.
Mr. KING, ^withdraw the point of order as
to what the Senator from Arkansas last said. " I
will not say anything* unkind to him.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am not dis-
posed to yield the floor as yet. I make these re-
marks not against any one's feelings, but I know
very well that the good sense of the gentlemen in
the sound of my voice does approve my course.
What I have stated is palpable to every one.
Mr. FITCH. I wish to ask my friend from
Arkansas to permit me to make a report from the
Committee on Printing, on a certain document.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I really cannot
consent whilst I occupy the floor on this question.
Every time after-we have a little recess, it is plain
that these things are to be resumed. It is not
right or just that hereafter our action at this time
shall be quoted as having been done in good faith
and from consideration of the subject, when every
one knows that they are passed only because no
one wishes to object to what any other Senator
requests. That is the whole force of the passage
of every bill that has been passed to-night, and I
shall beg to refer to it hereafter, if these same
bills are brought in with the very same declara-
tion that the Senate passed them unanimously,
and therefore the whole Congress hereafter should
yield their own judgment and pass them again.
This is not right. The Senator from New York
knows it so well that no man knows it better. I
know that is so.
Mr. STUART. Will the Senator from Arkan-
sas allow me to say a single word ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will after I
have done.
Mr. STUART. I only wanted to suggest that
the Senator from New York is willing to with-
draw all propositions to pass his bill, so that there
is no question before the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Whilst I have
got the benefit of the floor, I wish to make a re-
mark.
Mr. KING. With the assent of the gentleman
from Arkansas, I wish to say, in justice to my-
self, and the person whose bill is reported here,
that I believe it is a just one, and that it ought to
pass; but, with the present small number in the
Senate, I will waive it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is still pend-
ing; and the Senator cannot withdraw it while
I have got the floor. We have this singular phase
upon the statement of the Senator himself. He
does believe, sincerely no doubt, because it has
excited his sympathies, that the bill ought to pass;
and many of us, no doubt, have bills which ex-
cite our sympathies; and yet, at any other period
than a period like this, the indorsement derived
from your sympathy, or mine, or from thtfse of
better men than either of us, would not secure the
passage of any bill at all. If it were possible to
get clear of these private claims, so that we shall
have no more of them, by taking recesses, and
giving an indefinite power to the Presiding Officer
to call us together at any moment when there is
a real necessity for public business, I should be
very glad that such a motion might be made. I
trust that we shall have no more of this kind of
legislation. I now yield to the Senator from Mich-
igan, to allow him to make his motion.
PRINTING OF REPORTS.
Mr. STUART. I now move that the Senate take
a recess until five o'clock, reserving the power to
the Chair to call the Senate to order, if it be neces-
sary.
Mr. FITCH. I appeal to the Senator from
Michigan to allow me to make a report.
Mr. STUART. It will give me great pleasure
to yield to the Senator from Indiana.
Mr. FITCH. Will the Senator allow me to
make a motion on a matter of some little import- .
ance ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly; anything.
Mr. FITCH. I simply want to get rid of these
reports. The Committee on Printing, to whom
was referred a motion to print the report of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating the report
of Lieutenant Craven of his surveys for a ship-
canal between the Atlanticand Pacific oceans, by
the Atrato and Truando rivers, have directed me
to report in favor of printing the usual number;
The same committee, to whom was referred a
motion to print the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, relative to the trade between the Uni-
ted States and the Island of Cuba, during the last
Ave years, have directed me to report in favor of
printing the usual number.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Do you print
the maps ?
Mr. FITCH. The usual number.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Do you en-
grave them ?
Mr. FITCH. Only one report has a map with
it. The other has no map. We report in favor
of printing both the text and the map.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I would be glad
to ask the Senator whether the committee pro-
pose to engrave the maps which are now on his
desk, for the use of the Senate ?
Mr. FITCH. Yes, sir; the larger one.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Do the com-
mittee believe that it is important that the Senate
should have those maps before them?
Mr. FITCH. If the text is printed, the map
must be. It is a matter for the consideration of
the Senate. I do not attach much importance to
it, myself, at all. I would infinitely rather have
the report on the smaller document concurred in.
The larger one, Lieutenant Craven's report, I do
not claim of any great importance; but the report
of the committee was in favor of printing the text,
and, of coursc, publishing the map. With the
smaller one—the statistics of our trade with Cuba
—there is no map.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then, in pre-
senting that report, under the rules of the Senate,
the estimates ought to be furnished to the Senate,
so that they may see what it will cost.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from Arkansas is
mistaken. An estimate docs not necessarily ac-
company the usual number. An estimate must'be
made for extraordinary or additional numbers;
but not for the ordinary numbers. We report in
favor only of printing the usual number, and no
additional numbers whatever. I wish the ques-
tion to be first put on concurring in the report on
the smaller document—the statistics of trade with
Cuba. There is no map accompanying that.
Mr. KING. Is this Captain Craven's report?
Mr. FITCH. The one now before the Senate,
which it is proposed to print, is in response to a
resolution of the Senate relative to our trade with
Cuba. It gives the statistics of our trade with
Cuba for the last five years.
Mr. KING. Then Captain Craven's report is
not included in the motion?
Mr. FITCH. No, sir.
The report of the committee was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the second report of the
Committee on Printing, on Lieutenant Craven's
report on the subject of an inter-oceanic canal.
Mr. KING. I understand this is not the ori-
ginal report of Captain Craven. That has not
been made. This is either an abridged or modi-
fied report.
Mr. FITCH. I think that, probably, the Sen-
ator from New York is mistaken, in part, and yet,
in part, correct. This reported part is not in full.
Mr. KING. Not in full, and it is not proposed
to print it.
Mr. FITCH. We propose to print it; but the
committee do not attach jnuch importance to it.
It is submitted to the consideration of the Senate
whether it will or will not print the usual num-
ber. Our motion is to print it. It can be laid
on the table, if the Senate chooses.
Mr. KING. I move to lay the motion to print
on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was agreed to.
SUCCESSIVE RECESSES.
Mr. STUART, (at four and a half o'clock, a.
m.) I move that the Senate take a recess until
five o'clock, reserving a power in the Chair to
call the Senate together at any moment, if neces-
sary.
The motion was agreed to.
At five o'clock the Vkfe- President took thfe
chair; and,
On motion of Mr. STUART, the Senate took
a recess for an hour, subject to be called together
by the Chair, in the event of a message being re-
ceived from the House of Representatives.
At six o'clock a recess was taken for half an*'
hour, subject to the same conditions.
The Vice President resumed the chair at h'alf
past six o'clock, a. m.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate take
a recess until nine o'clock, retaining'the power
in the Chair to call the Senate together earlier, if
there should be business'from the House requir-
ing it- -
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT called the Senate-to'
order at nine o'clock, a. m., (Friday, March 4,
but legislatively Thursday, March 3.)
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Postmaster General, in answer
to a resolution of the Senate, transmitting- in-
formation in relation to the contract with John
Butterfield, and his associates, for carrying the
mail from the Mississippi rivfcr to the Pacific
ocean; which, on motion of Mr. Clingman, was
ordered toiie on the table, and be printed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
! by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
I House had agreed to the third, fourth,fifth, sixth,
| seventh, thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, six-
| teenth, seventeenth, eighteenth, twenty-first,
i twenty-third, twenty-fourth, twenty-eighth,
twenty-ninth, thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-sce-
! ond, thirty-ninth, and fortieth amendments to the
, bill (H. II. No. 713) making appropriations for
j! sundry civil expenses of the Government for
|, the year ending the 30th of June, 1860; and dis-
a«ree to the first, second, eighth, ninth, tenth,
| cl« venth, twelfth, nineteenth, twentieth, twenty-
; second, twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth, twenty-sev-
;■ emh, fliii fy-third, thirty-fourth, thirty-fifth, thir-
ji ty-sixth, thirty-seventh, thirty-eighth, and forty-
| first amendments of the Senate.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message further announced that the House
had appointed a committee, consisting of Mr.
John Letcher of Virginia, Mr. Lawrence O'R.
Branch of North Carolina, and Mr. Galusha A.
I Grow of Pennsylvania, to join the committee ap-
' pointed on the part of the Senate, to confer on
| the subject-matter of the bill (H. R. No. 872)
i making appropriations for defraying the expenses
| of the Post Office Department for the year ending
1 the 30th of June, 1860.
i
| BILLS BECOME LAWS.
! The message further announced that the Presi-
| dent of the United States had, this day, approved
and signed the following acts:
An act for the relief of William Rich;
An act for the relief of Captain A. W. Rey-
nolds;
An act for the relief of Eli W. GofT;
An act making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1860; and
An act making appropriations for the consular
and diplomatic expenses of Government, for the
year ending the 30th of June, I860.
DISCHARGE OP COMMITTEE.
On motion of Mr. JONES, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Pensions be df^ehargpti
from the farther consideration of aii business referred to
them and not heretofore acted on.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The House of Representa-
tives have returned the miscellaneous appropri-
ation bill, with theiraction upon the amendments.
I move that it be taken up.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. The House of Representa-
tives have agreed to the amendment providing for
Treasury notes, and they have disagreed to a
great many other of our amendments—agreed to
some, however. I believe, from what I have seen
and heard, that the only chance to pass the bill
is not to send it back; and I therefore submit a
motion that the Senate recede from all the amend-
