572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
lican, because she has recognized domestic sla-
very in her constitution. The South, in this in-
stance, as in 1854, furnishes a corporal's guard
who vote and act with the anti-slavery party.
But no southern Democrat, I am proud to say, is
found upon that list; but, to a man, with more
than half the southern Americans, support the
measure. And where stands the northern De-
mocracy in this test of their fealty to the consti-
tutional rights of the South ? Of tfce northern
Democrats in the Senate, only three voted against
it; while in the House, from the North, only
twelve Democrats are found to finally record their
vote with the Opposition.
Thus you see, after all the hue and cry of the
division in the ranks of the Democracy, there were
but a very few who stood out finally. But it is
urged that the policy of the Administration upon
this issue has been condemned in the recent elec-
tions in the North. The Democracy, in the last
northern elections, for the first time, had to con-
tend against the complete fusion of the Black Re-
publican and Know Nothing parties. And even
against that unholy alliance our strength, as
shown by the popular vote in each of the three
great States, New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio,
is larger than it ever was before; showing, con-
clusively, that the policy of the Administration
lias been approved by the honest masses of the
party. But where is the man of any other party
in the North who stood by the South in this con-
test ? Echo answers, where? But how has the
policy of the Administration been received in the
States South where elections have taken place?
The popular majorities have been largely in-
creased. In Missouri, where an effort has been
made to introduce the emancipation question along
with anti-Lecompton, the Administration party
has been sustained by the uprising of the people
by unpiccedented majorities. Democrats and
Americans have united and swept anti-Lecomp-
ton and emancipation from the soil of Missouri.
But some Americans of the South complain
that the South has lost Kansas, as a slave State,
and that squatter sovereignty has been substituted
foi popular sovereignty. At ihu same time that
these partisans make these complaints, they sus-
tain most enthusiastically the very men who
voted against the repeal of the Missouri compro-
mise; the very men who verted to keep Kansas
free terntoiy, and who opposed her admission as
a slave Slate. Beautiful consistency ! Complain-
ing because Kansas is not a slave State, and yet
hurrah for the very men who, by their votes,
would not give her even a chance to be a slave
State; and denounce those who did give her the
oppuflunity to have slavery! These same con-
sistent putnots affect to be wonderfully horrified
at tho docttme of squatter sovereignly They
cry out squatter sovereignly, and at the same
time denounce the Administration which is op-
posed to that odious doctrine. They arc down
on squatter sovereignty, but they are ready to ex-
cuse anybody (but a Democrat) for entertaining
the heresy. They denounce squatter sovereignty,
but sustained Millard Fillmore, who sustained
congressional intervention. They cry out squat-
ter sovereignty, and at the same time sustain
their leadeis, who voted and acted with Frec-
Soileis in the territorial organization act of Kan-
. sjs and Nebraska, and who.were m open harlotry
with the Abolitionists against the admission of
Kansas, because she had slavery.
Nor can they say that they aie ignorant of the
Black Republican tendency of this party. Have
not some of the South American journals recently
boldly deelmed their willingness to fuse with the
Black Republicans: And is it not understood m
this city, that efforts, unceasing effoits, are con-
stantly made to bung about a harmonious coali- j
tion ; Do nut the Journals of Congress tell the j
talc too plainly, that there is a party m the South I
acting, not talking only, but ading with the Black |
Republicans, with the view to overthrow the De- I
mocracy 5 And was not this northern American J
party politely bowed out of the late New York '
State Black Republican convention, after it had ;
become demoralized by a proposition to fuse, and 1
after it had lowered its flag and subscribed to the :
unu-ala\eiy plank of Seward's platform5 I say j
bowed out, for they were indignantly refused a i
voice in the nomination of the ticket. Did not j
the Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,] dur-)
mg the great debate of the last session, congrat-1
ulate his party, that their prospects were bright-
ening, and that even in the South a party was
forming, upon whose aid he could confidently rely?
To whom had he reference? Of course to those
who think and vote with him upon those great
issues of southern rights. As a member from Ten-
nessee, it was with deep mortification and regret
that I heard the gentleman from Massachusetts
"Mr. Burlingame] eulogize a Tennessee Senator,
Mr. Bell,] knowing,as everyone does, the in-
veterate hatred which the Massachusetts Repre-
sentative bears the institutions of my State.
The Richmond Whig, a leading anti-Lecomp-
ton American journal, having argued that the
slavery question is settled, says:
" There is now, therefore, no reason under heaven why
the Opposition, North and South, East and VVest, may not
unite in support of the same policy, and the same candi-
dates, m 1860. And we go for such union, with all our
heart and soul.55
The Louisville Journal has been for a year or
two advocating the election of Black Republicans
over sound and national Democrats.
" In view of the existing state of things, the
necessity for a reconstruction of parties is appar-
ent," say some of the American papers of the
South. The signs of the times very clearly indicate
that the discordant elements of the Opposition are
going through another smelting process, of which
Black Republicanism, northern Know Nothing-
ism, and Anti-Lecompton southern Americanism,
constitute the component parts. And the honest
masses will soon be called upon by the professed
patriots of this new organization, to unite with
them in putting down the time-honored Demo-
cratic party, that has stood the shocks and changes
that have swept over this country from the days
of Jefferson down to the present moment. What
is to be the name of this new party is, perhaps, the
most difficult and perplexing question connected
with its parturition—a party traveling about in
search of a name, like Japhet for a father. But,
judging from those who have kindly offered their
services to stand at the baptismal font as god-
fathers for the foundling, it is very evident that
the South will find as little sympathy from it as
from the bitterest of her sectional foes. The same
pen with which Horace Greeley and James Wat-
son Wcbbinvite William H. Seward and Henry
Wilson to a Black Republican jubilee, over the
defeat of the Kansas-Lecompton constitution,in-
dites, in terms of warm commendation, letters of
invitation to distinguished South American Sena-
tors. * •
For the want of a better platform, opposition
to the Kansas policy of the Administration, and
support of the Crittenden-Montgomery substi-
tute, has been suggested a^ the basis of union;
hoping, in the course of lime and the progress of
events, that they may be able to insert other
planks, if the American leaders dare risk going
further in that direction before their southern con-
stituencies. That portion of the American party
whose patriotism rises above the love of party,
and who have stood firmly by the Democracy
from the beginning of this Kansas episode, see-
ing the irreconcilable divisions that exist between
themselves and the northern wing of that party,
and those of the leaders of the South, who shout
in its tram, and who, through the pride of ambi-
tion and hatred to Democracy, would bargain
away our dearest interests, have no alternative
left them buteitherto disfranchise themselves, or
to act at once with the Democratic party in re-
sisting the storm of anti-slavery that threatens
to desolate the South in 1860. You will either
have to vote for the Democratic candidate or
Black Republican candidate in the next presiden-
tial election. " Choose ye between them." Will
they longer blindly follow in the lead of such
suppliants at the footstool of abolitfonism ? From
every mountain and valley—from every city and
hamlet—the indignant and patriotic shout conies
up—no ! never!
'• It js a base abandonment of reason tor«bign your right
of thought."
The American party is totally denationalized.
Its northern end is abolitionized, while the south-
ern wing of it is disintegrated. With this de-
plorable picture staring in the face the honest men
of that now defeated and disbanded party, they
must decide to what flag they shall rally; they
must either march in the ranks of that party which
" carries the flag, and keeps step to the music of
the Constitution and the Union,99 or they must
range themselves under the black banner of sec-
tionalism and abolitionism, upon which is writ-
ten " eternal hatred to the South." Are you ready
to be tied hand and foot, and handed over to the
embittered foes of your section? If you would
not, I charge you, by the rights and honor of your
beloved South—by the sovereignty of fifteen
States—by the Constitution your fathers made
and transmitted to you—by the glorious memo-
ries that cluster thickly around the Union itself,
to beware of the coils that are now set to entrap
you, and make you the unconscious instruments
of an unholy ambition.
Let us? be united in the South. The union of
the South will encourage our northern friends to
stand by us in the future, as they have in the past.
Instead of denouncing the northern Democracy,
and preferring Black Republicanism, thereby
weakening our means of defense, and strength-
ening our enemies, it is the duty of every south-
ern patriot to rebuke and silence all opposition to
the northern Democracy. They have fallen likft
grass before the scythe in defense of our rights;
and can we expect them to continue to offer them-
selves in the breach if we will not defend our-
selves? But, with the South united, we will have
friends enough in the North to meet the fierce
onsets of abolitionism in 1860, and once more
roll back the tide of battle upon their discomfited
and flying legions. Let the motto be written upon
your banner, "The union of the South for the
sake of the South and for the sake of the Union."
And though the Democratic party is beleag-
uered upon the one hand in the North, as evidenced
in the late elections by a fusion of Republicans
and Americans with a party of strong sympa-
thizers in the South, of which Tennessee and Ken-
tucky furnish the chief exponents and leading
spirits, while on the other hand stand opposed to
it, the extremists of the South, who are threat-
ening to form new political associations and
"Leagues," doubtless with the view offinally pre-
cipitating a dissolution of the Union—1 must bo
allowed to express my cntiro confidence that the
national Democracy, aided by the conservative
men, who will naturally gather about it, and finally
enter into it, and be a part of it, will triumph
—gloriously triumph—over all these jarring fac*
tions,and once again safely guide the ship of State
through the tempestuous billows that would seem
to threaten her destruction. It has been the fate
of this great party to meet with reverses always
just after a presidential triumph, and the weak
and timid and dissatisfied spnits, for a time, seem
to abandon its fortunes. But there is a recupera-
tive power and energy in the Democratic masses,
and when once agai'ii they begin to get in motion,
as they always do when any great crisis arises,
their success is certain and overwhelming.
Sir, may we not hope that the good genius that
has so long watched over and protected and pre-
served to the country the Democratic party, may
still point out the forbidden paths and continue to
direct us in the way of truth. Let no new and
fatal doctrine be ingrafted upon our creed. Let us
steer clear of gigantic schemes to deplete the
Treasury and bankrupt the nation, by building
Pacific railroads, and thus set up a monopoly in
this country, to a company whose children's chil-
dren would suck the life-blood of the Republic.
Let us avoid high protective tariffs that eat up the
substance of agriculture, and destroy all incen-
tives to honest industry. Let us return, as well
as the growth and expansion and necessarily
complicated inachineryof our great country will
allow, to the utmost simplicity and economy con-
sistent with the public weal m the administration
of the Government. Let us guard with a watch-
ful vigil every avenue leading to or from this
great political fabric, that no rude hand shall enter
and strike a fatal blow that will despoil any of its
fair proportions. Let us perform the high trusts
committed to our hands, with a scrupulous re-
gard for the letter of our instructions, and return
our commissions unsullied to the people from
whence they emanated.
One other word, and I conclude. Sir, the South
has a solemn duty to perform; the duty of rebuk-
ing the spirit of lawless aggression and disregard
for law which we see manifested in the recent im-
portation of Africans to our shores. Were I to-
day in favor of repealing all laws preventing the
African slave trade, 1 would nevertheless be op-
