1654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
ments to which the House have disagreed. The
vote there was exceedingly close on the Treasury
note amendments it was near being lost; I believe
there was a difference of but two or three; and
the other matters also involve difficulties; and I
feel assured, from what I have witnessed myself
and what I have heard, that there will be no
chance to pass the bill unless we recede from the
amendments to which the House have disagreed.
I submit that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the amend-
ments be read? ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. HUNTER. I hope not. Time is every-
thing to us now. ' We have to enroll the bill.
Mr. YULEE. I hope the Senate will not con-
cur in the course proposed by the Senator from
Virginia. We have three hours left.
Mr. LANE. No.
Mr. YULEE. We have very nearly three
hours, and there is no reason why we should ad-
journ, leaving the public service in a damaged
condition. If we adjourn, agieeing to the action
of the House on this bill, we shall leave entirely
without any provision for their transportation,
the very important mails between" the Atlantic
and Pacific States.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Let them go.
Mr. YULEE. They must not go.
Mr. HUNTER. Perhaps that can bo got on
the post office bill. A loss of time is a loss of the
bill. The bill is yet to be enrolled.
Mr. YULEE. There ought not to be any loss
of time by the course I propose. I move that we
insist on our amendments, and ask for a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. HUNTER. My motion to recede takes
precedence
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator from Virginia takes precedence.
Mr. BR0DER1CK. I ask for the reading of
the amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will not
ask for the reading.
Mr. BRODERICK. I insist on it.
Mr. HUNTER. It will take until twelve
o'clock to read them.
Mr. BRODERICK. I do not care; if it were
now three minutes to twelve, I would insist on it.
My State has been cut off from nil mail service,
and I want this bill to fall, and I will take the re-
sponsibility, so far as my vote is concerned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the amendments.
Mr. HUNTER. Can they be read without the
consent of the Senate? May not a majority ob-
ject to it?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that on the call of a Senator, he has a right to the
reading of an amendment or a bill on which he is
to vote.
Mr. BRODERICK. How am I to vote, unless
I know what I am to vote on?
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator designate
the amendment which lie desires to have retained'
He can havq that rend.
Mr. BRODERICK. I want to know what they
all are, from first to last.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair. I think the Senate has a right to
dispense with the reading1 when it chooses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the condition of the question when the Sen-
ate comes to order. The Senator from Virginia
moved that the Senate reccdc from its amend-
ments to which the House disagreed. The Sen-
ator from California asks for the reading of the
amendments. The Chair decides that the amend-
ments must be read, if the reading be insisted on,
before the vote can be taken. The Senator from
North Carolina appeals from the decision of the
Chair. Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
Mr. BRODERICK. 1 call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit to the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, that ho had butter
withdraw his appeal. There is not a quorum
here, and that wilt be ascertained on the yeas and
nays. He had better let the reading go on.
Surely, no one can say that any Senator can be
denied the right to have read anything which is
necessary to be acted on.
Mr. HUNTER. Let us go on with the read-
ing, if the Senator from California insists.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think I am right; but
under the suggestion that there is no quorum
here, I withdraw the appeal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
proceed to read the amendments.
Mr. FITCH. I submit to the Senator from
Virginia that, in view of the demand for the read-
ing of the amendments, it would be better 4.0 ask
for a conference.
Mr. HUNTER. I will not agree to that, be-
cause I believe it will kill the bill. I want the
Senate to say whether they will recede or not.
Mr. YULEE. Why should it kill the bill,
that we propose to the House to confer reason-
ably with them ?
Mr. HUNTER. We know they had great
difficulty to pass the Treasury note amendment.
Mr. YULEE. But w"hy should asking for a
conference kill the bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. We have not time for a con-
ference. It will take all the time we have left to
enroll the bill and get it to the President.
Mr. YULEE I have seen more important
appropriation bills passed at a later hour than
this; and why should they refuse to confer with
us ?
Mr. HUNTER. Did the Senator ever see a
bill passed at as late an hour, which,is so much
contested as this ?
Mr. YULEE. I did, last session.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I call the Sen-
ator from Florida to order, because he has not
addressed the Chair in a single instance, and is
carrying on a conversation. Would he have a
mere little petty interest prevent the supply of
means necessary to carry on this Government?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. HUNTER. Let the amendments be read,
if the reading is demanded.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Perhaps, if
the chairman of the Committee on Finance would
state the amendments .that are disagreed to by the
House, his bare statement of them would inform
the Senate of what they arc, so as to enable us to
vote under.standingly.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot state them all. I
could probably state what the House have done
in regard to the matters stated by the Senator
from California.
Mr. BRODERICK. I prefer to have them
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California has again and again insisted on the
reading of the amendments. Perhaps half of them
might have been read by this time if Senators had
allowed them to be read. The Secretary will read
the amendments to which the House disagree.
The Secretary read them, as follows:
First amendment:
Page % strike out linos nineteen and twenty, follows :
a For pioserving the extension of the Treasury building,
$30,000
Ami m lieu thereof insert:
For continuing the construction of the Treasury exten-
sion, #500,000.
Second amendment:
Vago 7, line live, after the word u work," strike out alt
to and including tiie woid "dollars," in line ton, m the
following word*:
" And aho including all the accounts for surveys of the
public lands and puvare land claims m California, under
contracts, prior to the 3(Kh o( June, 1857, §103,000
And inseit, in heu thereof, $43,000.
Mr. SEWARD. Is that disagreed to?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary is
only reading the amendments to which the House
has disagreed.
The Secretary continued to read the amend-
ments:
Eighth amendment:
Paso 9, line twenty, after the word " ground*," ^tnke out
" §1,678," and insert "$1,093," so as to read, u for hire of
caiu on the public grounds §1,095."
Ninth amendment:
Page 10, line five, alter the word " locks," insert, " and
for the protection of the building."
Tenth amendment:
Page 10, line twenty-seven, aftet the word " avenue,"
stuke out " two" and inseit u three,'" so as to appropriate
"for repairs of X>cnn&ylvania avenue $3,000."
Eleventh amendment:
Page 14. line fom,at the end thcieof, add, " but this pro-
vision shall not he so constiued as to intei feie with the com-
pletion of, and payment for. works already begun hv Ciaw-
ford and Rogeis, or the completion of the painting of the
rooms in the north wing already partly painted."
Twelfth amendment:
Page 14, line twenty-seven, add, " for extending to the
center budding of the Capitol the system o( heating adopted
for the wings, $74,000.
Nineteenth amendment:
" For making th£ necessary alterations in the rooms as-
signed to the Court of Claims, including the removal of the
partition between the rooms formerly occupied by the Sen-
ate committees on Military Affairs and on Indian Affairs,
$5,000."
Twentieth amendment:
For completing theaqueduct to supply the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown with the Potomac water, $250,000.
Twenty-second amendment:
For grading and graveling B street south, between Sev-
enth and Fourteenth streets west, setting curb, and paving
gutter with stone and footway with biick,on the north side
of the same, next to the public reservations, $7,979 50.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
For paving, grading, and improving F street north, be-
tween Ninth and Fourteenth streets west, $8,877 39.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
For the altering, fittingup, and furnishing the former Sen-
ate Chamber for the Supieme Court, with the twelve rooms
for the u?-e of the court, its officers and records, and for the
drainage, water and gas pipes, and for fitting up the formei
Supreme Court loom for the Law Library of Congress,
which rooms are hereby assigned for these purposes, accord-
ing to the plan prepared underthe direction of the Supreme
Court, $38,000.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
From and after the 1st day of July next, the flanking
privilege, except so far as confened by special laws as a per-
sonal privilege, be, and the same is hereby, abolished.
Thirty-third amendment:
Jind bcit further cnactcd, That for procuring the neces-
sary furniture for the Senate Chamber, the audience rooms,
the committee-rooms, the rooms occupied by the office of
the Secretary of the Senate, and other rooms of the north
wing of the Capitol in the occupancy of the Senate and
in appendages, the superintendent of the Capitol extension
be duected to make a survey, and asceitam what articles of
furniture will bo needed, with the mateiials, designs, and di-
mensions of the same; and that he be, and he is hereby,
authorized to publish the pioper specifications and descrip-
tions of the articles that may be required, and invite sealed
proposals to be made to him within thirty days from the date
of the fust publication of the for the manufacture
and construction of the said articles of furniture, to be
opened at tiie appointed time, in the presence of the bid-
den or other poi&on^ j and that a contiact or contracts for
such furniture shall be made with the lowest and best bid-
der, leleronce being had to the quality of the material, the
superiority of the workmanship, and the tune in which
the same shall be completed; and that pioper security shall
be taken for the faithful and pioinpt execution of the work ;
and that, lor the purpose of paying for the said furniture
as it may be completed and delivered to the satisfaction of
the said superintendent, such sum of money as may be re-
quired therefor he, and the same hereby is, appropriated,
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropiiated : Provided, That the amount to be expended
under this section shall not exceed $50,000.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Jind he it further enactcd, That the missionary claims re-
ferred to in the fourth section of the act of the 26th of Sep-
tember, 1850, entitled " An act providing for the examina-
tion and settlement of claims for land at the Sault Ste.
Marie, in Michigan," and reported upon hy the legister
and receiver at Sault Ste. Mane, pursuant to said act, shall
be entitled to recognition and confirmation in the same
manner and on the same term* a* the claims of individuals
therein piovided for; and upon the final approval of the said
claims,as piovided in the eighth section of the act afoie-
said, patents shall be issued therefor.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
Jind be tt further cnacted, That for the purpose of ascer-
taining the probable cost of the execution of the various
plans which have been reported to Congress for the en-
largement of the public gu)und< surrounding the C'apitol,
the Commissioner o( Public Buildings be, and heieby is, di-
rected to ascertain, as far as possible, by conference with
the owneis of the private pioperty within the limits of the
said reported plans, the price demanded therefor, and to
report the same, together with his own estimate of the
value thereof, to Congress, as eaily as practicable after the
flist Monday in December next, and ftuthet to submit with
tho said report such diawmgs of the said plans a? shall ex-
hibit clearly the slopes, terraces, walks, and road-ways
within and aioundsaid grounds, with an estimate in de-
tail of the quantities ot each description of work involved
m the execution of each of the alore aid proposed plans,
and the probable cost of the same.1*
Mr. YULEE. I trust the Senator from Cali-
fornia will withdraw his requirement for the read-
ing of the amendments. My object was to take
the sense of the Senate as to a conference. I was
in hopes that by a speedy movement upon a con-
ference we might be able to arrange what might
be necessary for the public interests m respect to
the omitted amendments; but I think it would be
very unwise to pursue a course that would defeat
legislation altogether. If there is any chance for
a concurrence by the Senate in the motion I have
