574
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
not understand, and never since conceived, and
should not have believed even, if the Senator from
Mississippi had not done both me and himself
the justice which he has done on this occasion, |
that the Senator from Mississippi intended any I
personal disrespect to me, or any unfairness, in |
any discussion that may have taken place. I do j
not think it incumbent on me to say anything j
ther upon this occasion. • " j
Mr. GREEN. I rise to present a memorial; I
but before I do it I think it but justice to the Sen- j
ate that I should make a statement in reference 1
to certain facts existing in relation to this Cham- ■
ber. 1 think it proper that every Senator should
expurgate himself as faras possible. For myself, I
I intend to disclose nothing but what I have a i
right to disclose. With reference to the occur- i
rence of Friday I say nothing; but while the sub- |
ject was Up, (and I mention it in order that Sena- j
tors may take such action as they think proper,) ;
I discovered some object in the northeast corner
of the lobby. I called attention to it, and sent the i
Doorkeeper, Mr. Bassett, up to make an examin- !
ation. Mr. Bassett went up, and found a little ;
trap-door open, of which he never had any prior |
information. When he came back and reported ;
to me, I sent for the Vice President and told him i
the fact. He knew nothing of it, and he in- .
stituted an inquiry. The next day, (on Satur- I
day,) when I came to my committed-room, I was j
informed that they had examined that room—it i
is right under the northeast corner of the lobby— I
into which the trap-door led, a little, dark room, I
with no outlet except the trap-door. What that
room is for, what purpose it is to accomplish, I
do not know; but they found in it two black cats.
[Laughter.] I do not believe that the black cats
reported our proceedings; but I think it proper
that the committee having charge of this building
should examine every nook find c.ornei,to ascer-
tain if there are any more trap-doors, or cats, or
eavesdroppers, or places where they can bo stowed
away. If we intend to have a secret session at all,
let it be secret; but if we intend to throw the doors
open to the public, let us do it manfully, and not
have a pretense of secrecy.
I make this statement bec&use it is a matter of
fact of which others have knowledge as well as
myself; and I hope some committee will be ap-
pointed to investigate, and see whether workmen
wive been bribed to construct certain nooks and
corners in which men may secrete themselves, or
not. It may be—we know nothing of it—or it
may not be; but it will exculpate the workmen,
as well as exonerate ourselves. There is cer-
tainly in that northeastcornera cat-hole. [Laugh-
for J
Mr. MASON. I was not present when the
Senate was in executive session on Friday, and
1 have no knowledge, of course, of what took
place there; but, in reference to what 1ms fallen
from the honorable Senator from Ohio and the
Senator fiotn Missouri, about the necessity of
making some provision to preserve the rules of
the Senate in executive session, I entirely agree
with them. 1 presume there are few Senators
who behe\e that we could discharge the duties
imposed on the Senate m executive session unless
we were alone. The Senate is then in delibera-
tion on mutters connected generally with our for-
eign inteieourse, which ma'kes it important that
their dt liberations should be private; and yet no
one wfio has been in the Senate even for a few
yeais can be ignorant of the fact that, in some
way, our deliberations are made public m the
ni'<s>-t public nionnerthrou«;h thatclass of the press
tli.H finds part of its estate in catering to the de-
praved appetites of the public. In some manner,
the proeet din<is of the Senate are made tributary
to that class of the press: how, I do notknow; but
I do know,I am satisfied, that it is not by means
ot any eavesdropping of those who ought not to
be piesent,
li will be in the recollcction of some Senators
now present, that wi. Inn the last five or six years,
wh«-n there was depending before the Senate a
treaty in executive session, that occupied their
deliberations for five or six weeks, the proceed-
ings of each day wt re reporied with sufficient ac-
curacy to the piess, to satisfy all who read them
that they came from somebody who was present at
our d< hui-ratK'Hs The debates were reported ;and
though not accurate, yet with sufficient correct-
ness to satisfy me and others that it was done by
somebody who was present. The yeas and nays
upon the various propositions that were made,
were reported, and were sometimes entirely ac-
curate; at other times not entirely accurate. The
thing had attained to such a pass, that upon my
motion the Committee on Foreign Relations were
instructed to inquire and teport to the Senate in
what mode their deliberations were thus exposed;
and by the direction of the committee I addressed
a letter to each Senator, conveying a copy of the
resolution of the Senate, with a request to be in-
formed if they could give the committee any in-
formation that would direct their inquiries, or
enable them to ascertain in what way this thing
got abroad, and a reply was received from every
Senator in the negative, and we were thus frus-
trated.
Now, I do not know what the remedy is, but
that there ought to be one I do not doubt. The
Senate, to a great extent, however, is responsible
for the failure heretofore to punish in the proper
manner a delinquent when ascertained. Some
years ago, since I have been a member of the
Senate, we had one of the letter-writers for news-
papers or some one who had the information, it
would appear, who refused to testify, and who
was kept m a sort of giuisi custody, and then dis-
missed, and wc had a pretty round bill presented
for his expenses. The Senate, in that instance,
was in fault. I will only say to Senators whatis
my impression of the duty devolving on the Sen-
ate, on an occasion like this, and we have had
others such, and that I will go with him who goes
furthest in taking any rcsponsibility'to ascertain
who has been delinquent, and to bring him to the
punishment that is tfue to that grave offense.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented the memorial of S.
S. Wood, commissioner, and W. P. Ktrkland,
solicitor, appointed on behalf of the residents and
non-residents of Greytown, or San Juan Del
Norte, in Central America, who suffered by the
bombardment of that city by she United States
ship Cyane, on the 33th of July, 1854, praying
the appointment of a commission to investigate
the charges upon which the city was destroyed,
and to examine into losses sustained, with a view
of making such reparation as may appear just
and proper; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations; and a motion by him
to print the memorial was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. GREEN presented a memorial of the ex-
ecutive committee of the National Typographi-
cal Union, praying the establishment of a bureau
of printing on the plan proposed m the bill re-
ported from a select committee of the House of
llepiesentdtives at the last session of Congress;
winch was referred to the Committee on Print-
ing.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of mem-
bers of the bar of Knox coanty, Illinois; a peti-
tion of members of the bar of Marshall county,
Illinois; a petition of members of the bar of
Woodford county, Ilhnois;and a petition of mem-
bers of the bar of Peoria, Illinois; praying that
the said counties maybe attached to the southern
judicial district of the State, and thatprovision be
made for holding terms of the circuit and district
courts of the United States at Peoria; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HOUSTON" presented the petition of Sa-
rah G. Bryant, widow of Charles G. Bryant, who
was killed by the Indians while m the military
service of the State of Texas, praying a pension
and arrears of pay; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. RICE presented the memorial of William
Henry Foibes and others, gu aid uins of minor
children of the mixed bloods of the Sioux Indi-
ans, praying the enactment of a lav/ to make the
scrip issued under the act of July 17,1854, trans-
ferable, and to confirm titles to land located under
said scrip; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Pensions, to
whom were referred the petition of Ezra Clark,
praying that his pension may cortimence from the
date of his discharge; the petition of John Vree-
Iand, praying to be allowed a pension on account
of the servicesof his father during the Revolution;
the petition of Thomas M. Folk, praying an in-
crease of pension; and the memorial of Harriet
Ward, praying that her pension may be made to
extend back to the time of her husband's death,
have instructed me to report them adversely.
I will state again to the Senate that every one
of these cases has been reported upon adversely
hitherto, and they have been referred back to the
committee without additional evidence. It is a
great abuse, and in violation of one of the rules
of the Senate. I move that the Senate concur in
the adverse reports.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Elizabeth Spear,
widow of Thomas Williams, submitted a report
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 526) for the relief
of Elizabeth Spear. The bill was passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SEWARD, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred the report
of the Court of Claims adverse to the claim of
Jonas P. Levy, submitted a report, which was
considered by unanimous consent; and in concur-
rence therewith,
Resolved, That the committee be discharged from the
fin ther consideration of tbe ca*e, and that the claim be re-
jected.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was ordered
that the report be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the petition of J.
Hosford Smith, praying permission to import,
free of duty, three iron steamers, to be registered
as American vessels and employed in the coast-
ing trade, submitted an adverse report; which was
agreed to.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
who were instructed to inquire into the expedi-
ency of printing the reports of the heads of De-
partments accompanying the President's annual
message, m advance of the meeting of Congress,
submitted an adverse report; which was agreed to.
Mr. FOSTER, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Re-
becca A. Corrcll, widow of Isaac Correll, deceased,
late a private in company D, eleventh regiment
United States infantry, praying for a pension,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No.
528) for the relief of Rebecca A. Correll. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be piinted.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported a bill (S. No. 520) to repeal an act
entitled "An act for the relief of citizens of towns
upon the lands of the United States, under cer-
tain circumstances," approved May 23, J844;
which was read,and passed to a second readme:.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
memorial of Sarah A. Sarle and Elizabeth Pm-
negcr, heirs-at-law of Thomas Arnold, an officer
in the revolutionary war, praying to be allowed
half pay, submitted an adverse report; which was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of inhabitants of Yates
county, New York, praying that a pension be
granted to Martha Brown, widow of Silas Brown,
a soldier in the Revolution, submitted an adverse
report; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 472) for the relief of
Henry G. Carson,administrator of Curtis Grubb,
deceased, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am also instructed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Haym M. Salomon, to submit a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 530) for the relief
of Haym M. Salomon.
I will state that it is a very interesting case,
and one that I hope the Senate will consider as
speedily as possible. It has undergone the inves-
tigation of a great many committees, and always
with favorable results. The report contains an
immense amount of curious information as to the
spirit and self-sacrifice of this individual, at the
time of the revolutionary war.
The bill was read,and passed toa second read-
ing; and the report was ordered to be printed.
