mm-.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
tm
Senate to the report made by the Committee on
Printing, relative to the publication of certain
extra numbers of the mechanical and agricultural
portions of the Patent Office report. If it is de-
sired that any number of these documents be
printed, the resolution reported by the committee
should be taken up and concurred in. I move to
take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, Tliattheie be piinted, in addition to the usual
number, ten thousand extra copies of the report of the Com-
missioner of Patents on agriculture, for the year 1838, for
distribution by the Inteuor Department: Prowled, Tliat
the aggregate number of pages contained in said report
shall not exceed five hundred\ind sixty-eight, including ton
pages of illustrations on wood : Jlnd provided father, That
the entire amount of copy necessary to complcie said re-
port, including the drawings for the illustrations on paper,
he placed in the hands of the Superintendent of Public
Punting on or before the 1st day of May next.
Mr. HALE. I hope the resolution will not
prevail. If we abandon the idea of printing these
documents for gratuitous distribution by members
of Congress, as has been the custom heretofore, I
see no reason why ten thousand should be printed,
and deposited in the'Patent Office, to be distrib-
uted by the Commissioner.
Mr. FITCH. 1 have no wish in the matter,
and care not what is done with the resolution; but
the report may be called for by agriculturists; and,
if it be printed, and placed in the hands of the
Commissioner of Patents, they will know where
to procure it.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that the House
of Representatives have already ordered two hun-
dred thousand copies to be printed.
Mr. FITCH. I do not know what number
they have ordered to be printed.
Mr. BAYARD. I do not see much advantage
in this resolution, under the action of the House
of Representatives. It restricts the printing of
the Patent Office report to a certain amount for
the Senate. We cannot control the House of
Representatives; the House have already ordered,
I think, the publication of two hundred thousand
copies of the agricultural, and one hundred thou-
sand of the mechanical portion of the report. If
both Houses would agree to abandon the publi-
cation altogether, i think it would be wiser to do
so, for in my view, the benefit is not commensu-
rate with the expense; but until both Houses
agree to abandon it, there is no use of increasing
the expense by having an enormous number of
copies published by the House, and the same
book published in different form by the Senate for
distribution by the Interior Department, which
will require, of course, additional pay for compo-
sition, or,at all events, a different arrangement
and increased expense. I think the resolution
useless, unless it can be made a joint resolution.
Mr. FITCH. It is well known to the Senate,
that resolutions of this character for printing are
never joint resolutions. The resolutions are re-
ported' by the sepaiate committees of the two
Houses, and the printing is done for the use of
the respective Mouses. Under the old law there
would be double composition. Under the law as
it will exist at the next session, and I trust ever
thereafter, there cannot be double composition.
The Commissioner of Patents usually asks for a
certain number to distribute himself, or under the
auspices of the Secretary of the Interior. If the
Senate chooses to grant his request they can do
so. We have not provided for the printing of
any for members of the Senate. Whether we
print any, however, as I have already remarked,
is a matter of perfect indifference to me.
The resolution was rejected.
COMMITTEE CLERICS.
Mr. JONES. I am very desirous of doing a
kind act to faithful clerks who have served the
committees, and I call up now a resolution which
I offered on the last day of the last session, and
submit, as a substitute for it, the one which I
send to the Chair. I wish to say that this reso-
lution is in precise accordance with the report
made by the Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Ben-
jamin] at the last session but one. The rule pre-
scribed at that time provides that committee clerks
may be continued after the short session and re-
ceive pay for sixty days. Their pay will then
amount to less than nine hundred dollars per
annum; less than the pay of our messengers. I
have been a clerk myself, and I feel a great sym-
I pathy for these clerks. I hope the Senate will
r grant them this small pittance. The resolution
J which I propose is exactly in accordance with
what has been done heretofore, and with the res-
olutions reported by the Senator from Louisiana
from the special committee, two years ago. 1
know, most of us know, that some of these clerks
are? very poor. To my own knowledge, one of
them, whose name 1 will not mention, has not
money to pay his expenses home. After a long
session the case is different. Then there is some
reason for not giving them extra pay; but at the
end of a short session there is great propriety in
doing it; it amounts to but a small sum; and I
hope the Senate will do me this favor for the ben-
efit of these clerks.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the resolution.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, Thattliu clerk-3 employed by the standing com-
mittees, except the clerks to the Committees on Finance,
l'rintinjj. and Claims, shall receive, at the close of tins ses-
sion, an extra compensation equal to tlleir per diem forslKty
days.
Mr. JONES. I will only state that there are
eleven clerks, I believe, who, under this resolu-
tion, will receive sixty days' pay.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
ask for the present consideration of the resolu-
tion ?
Mr. JONES. I do.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection.'
Several Senatoiis. I object.
Mr. MASON. I ask if there was a similar res-
olution passed at the last session?
Mr. JONES. There was at the last short ses-
sion—not at the I0115 session. I will say to ray
friend from Virginia, that it is precisely in ac-
cordance with the report of the committee of which
the Senator from Louisiana was chairman.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to the considera-
tion of the resolution.
Mr. JONES. You cannot, my dear friend. I
offered it on the last day of the last session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was not adopted.
Mr. JONES. But [ call it up now. I hope
the Senate will take it up. 1 have been a clerk,
and I feel for these clerks. One of them fought
bravely in Mexico, and was wounded three or
four times.
The question being taken; there were, on a di-
vision—ayes ]9, noes 15
So the Senate proceeded to consider the follow-
ing resolution, submitted by Mr. Jones at the
last session:
Resolved, That t'110 clerks of the standin" committees of
the Senate who are temporary, be continued foi snty days
after the clo~e of the present session.
Mr. JONES. I modify the resolution by strik-
ing out all after the word " Resolved," and m-
j serting:
! That the clerks employed by the standing committees of
I tile Senate, except the cleiks to the Committees on Fi-
nance, Punting, and Claims, shall receive, at the close of
' this session, an extra compensation equal to their per diem
_for sixty days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been stated to the
Senate that it is in accordance with rule to give
this sixty days' extra pay. I should like to hear
that rule read. I am not aware of it, and I think
1)0 such rule exists. I think that when we revised
the rules 011 this subject, a few years ago, there
was a resolution adopted, allowing sixty days'
pay; but the Senator from Louisiana—I am glad
to see him in his sent now—can tell whether it
was intended as a permanent arrangement. Many,
of these clerks have had very little to do during
the session of Congress. Certainly it was no
part of the Senator's report that there should be
a permanent allowance of this kind at every short
session.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator will permit
me, I will state the facts. When the special com-
mittee reported upon this subject, it was proposed
to place the clerks of committees upon some per-
manent footing, and provide that, at the short ses-
sion, they should be engaged under the under-
standing that they should have sixty days' extra
pay at the end of the session; that that should be
the permanent rule for paying them. The clerks
declined that arrangement, and made opposition
here in the Senate, through the chairmen of then-
several committees, every one of them struggling
to be made a permanent officer of the Senate. The
result was, that neither the one nor the other was
voted. Now, I do not care to make any opposi-
tion to this allowance, but I will suggest to the
Senate that there are. no- less than three positive!
laws forbidding it, passed within the last five'
years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That being the case, I.
think the Senate, will hardly- undertake to violate
the law, and that is an end of the question,. I
have no more to say about it. I take it the Sea-
ate will not violate an act of Congress by a reso-
lution of this kind.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It has been decided once-
before at the Department that they will not pay-
money under such resolutions.
Mr. CLAY. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. JONES. I should like to read to the Sen-
ate 
The VICE PRESIDENT. By general con-
sent the Senator may proceed.
Mr. JONES. O11 the 13th of March, 1857, the
Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Slideu,] submitted
this resolution:
"Resolved, That the clerks of those committees which
have been discontinued shall be entitled to receive a com-
pensation for sixty days after the adjournment of the.Sen-
ate, at six dollars) per day."
On the 14th of March—
" The Senate proceeded to consider the resolution sub-
mitted by Mr. Sj.idell yesterday, making an allowance to
clerks of committees; and, the resolution ha.ving
amended, on the motion of Mr. SlidkMj, was agreed to, as
follows:
" Resolved, That the clerks employed by the standing
committees of the Senate, except the clerks of the Commit-
tees on Finance, Printing, and Claims, includwgthose com-
mittees winch have been discontinued by the partial adop-
tion of the leport of the special committee, submitted on
the 17th Ft-hruary, 1857, shall iccoive, at the close of this
session, an extra compensation equal to theamountof their
pet diem for sixty days."
That was adopted; and if it was not paid then
it will not be, perhaps, now; but I presume it
must have been paid then.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Alabama, that
the motion do lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MECHANICAL REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Indiana [Mr. Fitch] some time since called up a
resolution from the Committee on Printing, in
relation to piinting the agricultural part of the
Patent Office reports. There is also a resolution
in regard to printing the mechanical part of the
Patent Office report, which the Chair supposes
was intended to be called up at the same time, If
there be no objection, the Chair will call it up
now.
Mr. FITCII. I do not propose to call it up,
because I presume it will follow the fate of the
other report, and be laid on the table.
Mr. HALE. I move to lay it on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is already on
the table.
Mr. HALE. I move to let it lie there.
The VICE PRESI DENT. ft is already there,
and will lie there, unless it be taken up.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope we shall take a vote on
it. It had better be acted on.
Mr. HALE. Very well. I have no objection.
The Senate proceeded to consider the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number, ten thousand extra copies of the annual report of
the Commissioner of Patents on arts and manufactures,
for the year 1858, lor the Interior Department, for the pur-
poses oi oliiciai distribution, with the plates and drawings
neeessaiy to illustrate each subject.
Mr. FITCH. I presume the resolution needs
no explanation. It has been explained two or
three times. It is simply to place these volumes
I at the disposal of the Department, not at the dis-
posal of the members of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. Can the Senator tell what the
cost of the ten thousand copies will be?
Mr. FITCH, i do not know exactly. The
estimate is on the table. I will remark that hith-
erto there have been from thirty to fifty thousand
volumes of this work published by the Senate.
The committee did not deem it advisable to pub-
lish that large number; neither did they deem
themselves at liberty to so far depart from the
usual custom, a custom now of years' standing
on the part of the Senate, as to leport in favor
