576
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25.
present time; hut the report of the examiners,
which is an able, though a short one, shows the
importance of the country in this light. My mo-
tion is only to printalimited number for the use of
the Senate, to preserve this information so that
we may have it. The cost of printing is $359.
It is a very small matter.
Mr. STUART. I should like to hear from tl\e
Committee on Printing some reasons for their re-
port before we upset it.
Mr. PITCH, The reasons were simply these:
The committee have adopted a general rule not
to report in favor of printing any document of
that character, brought here by a resolution or
even based upon the past action of Congress, if it
does not look to prospective legislation. The ac-
companying letter of the Secretary of the Navy
shows that no such prospective legislation is con-
templated by him in this instance; he reports ad-
verse to the cstablishrfUmt of any machine-shops
there; and therefore, seeing nothing which could
be brought before Congress on the subject—not
perceiving that any legislation could be based
upon it, we, m conformity with our established
rule, reported against the printing.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I have a single word to
say on this question. On looking at theleitet of
the Secretary of the Navy, I find that he states
that there are now four establishments where
work of this kind is done-; and that, in view of
the present condition of the Treasury, he does
not deem it expedient at this time to lecommend
an addition to their number. It was as well
known last April that we had these four estab-
lishments, and that the Treasury was not in afflu-
ent circumstances, as it is known now; and yet
the Senate then ordered this proceeding. Now,
in reference to the line of action which the Com-
mittee on Priming has adopted, I wish to bring
a circumstance to tin; minds of Senators. It will
be recollected that some four or five weeks ago
the Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron]
asked the Senate to order the punting: of a me-
morial of certain iron manufacturers, adopted at
an iion convention held in the year ly49. It was
a mere voluntary assemblage of individuals, got-
ten up to impose upon Congress by enormously
exaggerated statements, to induce us to pass a
protective tariff. That convention was held ten
yeais ago,and yet his motion met with the favor
of the Committee on Pi inung, who have brought
in a report in which they recommend the printing
of that memoi iul. I should like to know what
immediate action that looks to. That memorial
is remarkable for its absurdities. They had much
better have recommended the printing of the pro-
ceedings of the conventions at Cincinnati and at
Philadelphia; for they are only two years old,
and are drawn with some precision. In this in-
stance the Senate ordered the examination to he
made; it has been made by Captain Wilkes, a
man of reputation, nnd by two of the chief engi-
neeis of the Navy, Hunter and Martin, who in-
vestigated the subject; and simply because the
Secretaiy states facts tiiat were well known a
year ago, and says that at this time he does not
deem it necessary to recommend the erection of
an establishment in this tegion, the committee
propose to suppress all the information by not.
printing it at all, I admit there has been gieat
extravagance in printing 1 think that the Pa-
cific railroad repoit, which has cost, somebody
said, about a million dollars, which we printed
to distribute all over the country at large, was an
extravagant proceeding. It would have been em-
inently right and proper to print the usual num-
ber; but not to distribute and give away such
books. 1 am opposed to that.
But here the Senate have directed an examina-
tion to be made, and that examination is more
favorable, I believe, than anybody anticipated.
Captain Wilkes said to me that he had to icstrain
himself in the report; that he found an enormous
quantity of the best ores of iron and of the best
coals,lying within one hundred and fifty miles of
the sea-coast, on a river. Both he and Martin say
there is water there enough, at the lowest time,
to transport anything when the works are com-
pleted; and, by the way, they are in such a state
of completion now, that I see by the papers that
coal and iron are being transported, and a railroad
is in progress to the point. I say the report is as
favorable as anybody on earth could have im-
agined or anticipated it to be; and yet the Com-
| mittee on Printing do not think it worth while to
! publish it. It may turn out that at the next ses-
j sion, or two years hence, or three or four years
> hence, the Government may be disposed to make
an establishment of that kind; we have now ap-
| plications before both Houses of Congress for the
| establishment of national founderies, and the
trifling expense of $359 here has staggered the
committee, while they find ample time to reprint
a book that will cost,l suppose, two or three times
as much.
I mention this just to show upon what system
the Senate is desired to act. I am m favor of print-
ing the usual number of important reports, but I
would stop the general distribution of documents;
and I think that they ought to be printed in the
cheapest form. My own opinion is, that the Pa-
cific railroad report might have been printed, to
answer the purpose which the Government had
in view in having it made, for one tenth the c,ost
originally; and that there was no need of printing
it for distribution. I have deemed it right to say
this much.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the duty of
the Chair to call up the special order at this hour,
unless otherwise directed by the Senate. The hour
of one o'clock has arrived.
Mr. FITCH. I trust this matter will be dis-
posed of. It is a small matter, and with the con-
sent of the Senator from Georgia, I should like
to respond to my friend from North Carolina.
Mr. GWIN. The special order may be in-
formally passed over for the present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
undeistand that to be the sense of the Senate. j
Mr. FITCH. I do not feel called upon to de-
fend i<he action of the committee m relation to the :
report relative to printing certain iron statistics. '
Those statistics were understood to be'general m |
their character, applicable to that particular in- i
terest everywhere, not solely in North Carolina, |
or Pennsylvania, or any other one locality; but the
truth is, the report was made by the committee, 1
at the solicitation of one of its own members, i
without any committal, on the part of members
of the committee, for or against the motion itself. 1
This report, however, upon which we have now
reported adversely, is quite a different thing. It
is an advertisement of certain local advantages
which a particular locality may be supposed, or
is reported, to possess. It is an advertisement of
certain coal mines and coal fields and iron mines
in the Deep river country of North Carolina.
I am soriy that this discussion has arisen; for
I designed saying nothing whatever on the sub-
ject, leaving the Senate to decide, without one
word from me, beyond the adverse report; butas
well might a Senator from Georgia, as well might
a Senator from Illinois, or my colleague and my-
self, ask a report, under the auspices of certain de-
partments ot the Government, into the coal fields
of Indiana, Illinois, or Georgia, and then come
here and ask that the advantages of those coal
fields should be advertised at the public expense.
Mr.TOOMBS. I hope the Senate will sustain
the action of the committee in this case. 1 think
they have acted on a very sound principle, and
one that ought to be maintained by the Senate.
It seems that the Navy Department sent a person
down there to know the fitness of this very fine
coal region on the Deep river, for establishing
machine shops for the benefit of the Navy. The
Government say, that for certain leasons they do
not wish to put up any such shops there now.
Then we have no need for any such information,
if we have, it is in the Department, and can be
got at any time. But, as the Senator from Indi-
ana properly states, it is simply bringing to the
attention of the country a valuable lot of coal
mines, which I have no doubt their intrinsic mer- 1
its will bring before the country. At all events,
I am unwilling to pay for advertising them. I 1
think they will be brought to the notice of the
country m other ways, and are probably worth ,
its notice. |
But the chairman of the Naval Committee has I
said that we have Government establishments '
where we cannot make more than ten engines in 1
a year. 1 wish we had not a place where we could i
make any. They are all abuses. We make them 1
worse than anybody else, and I should be very :
willing to have all these things done where they :
could be done best, have them done by contract
by those people in the United States who would
make the best engines for the least money; and
we have plenty of places in the United States that
can make thousands of them in a year. I hope
this printing, this advertisement of this very ad-
vantageous locality on Deep river, will not be done
at the public expense. I think very well of it,
and 1 have paid some attention to it, but I think
it should be left to private enterprise. The gen-
tlemen who own those coal fields will advertise
them, and bring them to the attention of capital-
ists or woikmen. I am unwilling to pay for
doing it.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Georgia
is mistaken when he says, that at the places where
engines are made for the Government, they are
made worse than they are everywhere else. His
remark shows that he has not examined the sub-
ject. On the contrary, we have never made an
engine in the Government establishment, fhat I
know of, which has been a failure; and I should
like to know where they have been made worse
than they have been by contract On the con-
trary, I assert directly the opposite: that when
engines have failed, they have'been made by con-
tract, and they have failed because they were made
by contract. It stands to reason that we can get
our engines made best in Government establish-
ments where it is the interest of every workman
on the machinery to produce the best work; he
has,no contract, but his daily wages, as a matter
of course, will induce him to produce the best
work. But we are now getting these machine-
shops; and I stated that, if we could get the na-
tional shops we now have in the best condition,
we might produce ten engines per annum; but we
cannot do it at this moment. That is the max-
imum we could produce. I hope to see the day
when all the machinery for the Navy of the Uni-
ted States will be made in Government establish-
ments; because, until we can make "it ourselves,
we can never have it well done.
This is a small matter of printing which will
cost about three hundred dollars. For that sum
we can secure the printing of this report, which
is a very able one. The Deep river country has
been examined by experts. I do not know whether
it is private or public land; it never occurred to
me to inquire as to that. I only know from the
reading of the report that this is an exceedingly
important section of the country, and that it af-
foids means to develop our naval power. There
are very few places which have the advantages of
the Deep river country; and if we can preserve
this information in our books of reports, and in
the files of the Department, for the small sum of
three hundred dollars, I think it would be well.
I would dispute the generally bad policy of ad-
vertising public lands; but I do not look on it in
that light. It is a portion of the country inland,
away from the sea-board, accessible by river,and
susceptible of defense. Very few portions of the
country have been examined for such a purpose,
and I think it would be a very wise measure to
punt the report.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I beg leave to say, in re-
ply to a remark of the Senator from Indiana, that
so far from this being necessary to advertise that
country, it is wholly unnecessary for that pur-
pose. Since this report was made, a copy of it
was obtained and sent to the Governor of our
State, and the Legislature ordered a large number
of copies to be printed. We m Noith Caiolina
do not want it at all; but these copies will be sent
all about the country. The Senate, however,
has ordered the examination to be made. It is
not, therefore, a private advertisement for the
benefit of individuals. The Senate, on the 12th
of April last, ordered thisexamination to be made
The examination has resulted more favorably
than any one of the officers thought; at least,
two of them, Captain Wilkes and Mr. Martin,
told me they had no idea they would find such a
condition of things as they have found. It may
well be a question, as was said by the Senator
from Florida, whether, in the course of a few
years, you may not wish to establish there a na-
tional foundery, or a naval establishment of this
kind, and for a trifling sum you will have the in-
formation within the reach of the Government.
I will not occupy the time of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 think, myself, there is some
value m this report. In relation to the action of
the Committee on Printing, I will only say, that
