1658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
of printing 90 extra numbers, especially as a res-
olution in relation to the propriety of printing
extra numbeis was referred to them. We were
met with difficulty in making any report on the
subject of the mechanical part of the Patent Office
report, a difficulty growing out of the adoption
of a resolution at the last session, limiting the
number of pages, and- limiting the report to one
volume. That resolution has notbeen rescinded;
but, not being a law, it was not regarded by the
Commissioner. We withheld any report for some
considerable time, and finally made this. It is
for the Senate to say whether they will adopt it
or not.
The resolution was rejected.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following acts:
An act to provide for the final settlement of the
land claim of the persons claiming as heirs of, 01*
under Jehu Underwood, as purchasers or other-
wise, to certain lands in Florida, and to confirm
the title to the proper owner or owners;
An act for the relief of Edward Ingersoll; and
An act for the relief of James A. Glanding.
APPOINTMENT OF MESSENGER.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT, the following res-
olution, heretofore submitted by him, was taken
up and agreed to:
Resolved, Thai the Serjeant at-Arms be authorized to
cirtploy a poison in ihe mmvicc of the Senate in the place of
anil at the same compensation u:> U. J. Kagan.
GOVERNOR STEVENS'S REPORT.
Mr. DAVIS, from (lie Committee on Fiinting,
to whom was refeired the motion to punt Gov-
ernor Stevens's final report of his survey and ex-
ploration of the northern route for a railroad from
the Mississippi river lo the Pacific ocean, reported
in favor of printing it; which was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from (he House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allkn, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the enrolled hill making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending 30ih June, 1860; and
it was signed by the Vice Piesident,
GOVERNMENTAL EXPENDITURES.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I wish to call
up a resolution I offered last nijjht, in regard to
reform in the expenditures of the Government. It
is a short resolution, and will requite no discus-
sion. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to.
The Secretary re ail the lesolution.
Mr. WILSON. The noise ia so great that I
could not hear it read. Let it bo read again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Vitzpat-
rsck in the chair.) The Chair will suspend all
business until order is restored. The Clerk will
read the resolution again.
The Secretary read the resolution.
Mr. BELL. I move to amend the resolution
by adding:
And that they iitquiic into, and repoit the causes which
have''outributcd maioiy lo tins increase ot expomhtme, and
the remedy-
Mr, JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I will accept
the amendment.
Mr. HELL. Very well.
Mr. CAMERON. I offer this resolution as an
amendment:
Resolved, Tint a M'Jert committee ofihteo be appointed
by the <'hair, who-e dinvii -hall he to n.-ec -taui v\ lieth« 1
any fraud*? 01 malfeasance have been piacuced t<> the in-
jur)' ot tlx" public inteicM-.. 10 liie execution ot the law <iu-
ihoiizmg the pimtiti<r of blanks lot the l\f*t Office Depart-
ment, and that they have power to --it <iuiui« the roces* of
Congress, and to send tor pejsons and papers, and to repoit
al the next session ot Com,'o>s.
Mr. MASON. Does that contemplate a com-
mittee to sit m the recess of Congress?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, ft does.
Mr. MASON. That is a sufficient reason with
me to vote against it.
Mr. JONES. While gentlemen are preparing
their amendments, I ask unanimous consent to
make a report and call up a biii.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it the pleas-
ure of the Senate to receive the report of the Sen- ,
ator from Iowa? [" No objection.'5] 1
COLONEL HARRIS S WIDOW.
Mr. JONES. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on Pensions, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 887) granting a pension to Mary J.
Harris, widow of Colonel Thomas L. Harris, to
report it back and recommend its passage, and I
hope the Senate will-act on the bill now. It is a bill
to pension the widow of Colonel Harris, who lost
his health in Mexico, and whose death was an-
nounced so eloquently a few days since. His case
is known to all the world. I will state, in addi-
tion to what has been said in relation to that gal-
lant man, that his family are in destitute circum-
stances, as I am well informed and believe. It is
an act of charity to this family, and I hope the
Senate will pass the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Tennessee yield ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. For that pur-
pose, and none other.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to considerthe bill, the object of which
is to place the name of Mrs. Harris on the invalid
pension roll at the rate of $30 a month,from No-
vember 25, 1858, to continue during her widow-
hood.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the reading of the re-
port.
Mr. JONES. There is no special report made
in this case. The history of the country is a suf-
ficient report, and that history was given to the
House and Senate a short time since by the Rep-
resentatives from Illinois, in both Houses of Con-
gress. Nobody can be ignorant of the character
of Major ILuris, no one can be ignorant of the
fact that he lost his health in the servicc of his
country in Mexico, and that he has not been well
for a single day since he came from that war. His
family is one of thu most interesting families I
have ever known in my life. They are poor, and
he has left no means of supporting them. I hope
that will be sufficient. The committee unani-
mously, with one exception, instructed me to re-
poit back this bill.
Mr. CLAY. It is a very ungracious and a very
unpleasant thing to objeet to a pension bill, es-
pecially when the pension is for the family of an
eminent and excellent man, such as I believe Mr.
Harris was. I enteitam a high respect for htm,
both as a man and a statesman; but, sir, if he had
not been associated with this Congress, and had
not been esteemed in both respects as a public and
private citizen, such a bill as this would receive no
countenance in either House of Congress. Mr.
Harris did not die in the military service. I be-
lieve In: had been ten yca s, at least, out of that
service. lie had not been in the military service
of the country, except in the war with Mexico.
There is no evidence before this body, and, as far
as 1 am advised, there was no evidence adduced
in the other House, that he died of disease con-
tracted in the military service of the country. We
are establishing a precedent in this case winch
will be abused hereafter—a precedent which, as
far as 1 am advised and believe, has 110 parallel m
the pension laws. Hence I cannot vote for the
bill; and 1 must, oppose it.
Mr. Sill ELDS. 1 will state, and it is my duty
to state, that 1 know my honoiable fnend" from
Alabama would not oppose this bill if he knew
the circumstances m this case as I do.
Mr. CLAY. Well, I will object to the second
rending of the bill, and that will put an end to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
meK in the chair.) Then, the bill lies over under
the rule. The bill has been reported to-day, and
has been re<ul twice, and, under the rule, the Sen-
ator is entitled to object to the third reading'.
Mr. SHIELDS. One objection will not pre-
^The PRESIDING OFFICER. One objection
will carry it over.
Mr. CLAY. Certainly it does.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is on
its third reading, and, under the rule, has to lie
over one day, if objected to.
Mr. CLAY. It cannot be read three times in
one day.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It was read twice before it
was referred.
Mr. CLAY. No; it was not.
Mr. DOUGLAS. It could not be referred un-
less it was read twice. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will!
say that it was read twice before it was referred
to the committee; but it has been reported to-day,
and all reports have to lie over one day under the
rule.
Mr. DOUGLAS. But I was going to ask, after
the question has been put and the bill taken up
for consideration, whether that is not waived? If
the Senator had objected, at the time the report
was made, to its consideration, it might have been
effectual; but the question having been distinctly
put to the Senate whether or not they would pro-
ceed to the consideration of this bill, and that
having been carried, and the bill taken up and
under consideration, the time for objecting had
elapsed.
Mr. CLAY. That certainly makes no differ-
ence. 1 was not aware that the bill was up, or I
would have objected to it. Several friends of the
measuie were well advised that I would object to
it. I do not know whether when they took it up
they were aware of my absence or not.
Mr. JONES. I was not apprised of that. I
thought he had yielded because the friends of this
widow had gone to him; but after the Senatj
unanimously agreed to take it up, the Senate has
waived the rule.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the rule,
as generally considered on these motions to take
up bills, one objection will carry it over; and even
after it is read, under the rules, one objection has
the right to postpone the bill. The Chair thinks
the objection well taken by the Senator from
Alabama.
Mr. JONES. With all the deference in the
world for the Chair, I appeal from the decision,
and-ask the Senate to overrule it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. The question is, whether
the Senate has a right to proceed to the consider-
ation of a bill now under consideration, when it
is objected to by a Senator?
Mr. SHIELDS. I am not sufficiently ac-
quainted with the parliamentary rules to under-
stand the point exactly. This bill has been read
on a former occasion, referred to the Committee
on Pensions, and now reported back by that com-
mittee. The honorable Senator who reported it,
asked the unanimous consent, of the Senate to
put this bill on its passage, to consider it now.
That was the question: to consider the bill now,
it having already been twice read on a former
day. The unanimous consent of the Senate was
given to consider the bill now, at this time. That
was the question when the honorable Senator in-
terposed his veto. Now, sir, 1 want to know,
when the body has given its unanimous consent
to consider this bill at this time, whether one Sen-
ator can interpose his veto, and stop it ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question to the Senate. The Sen-
ator has stated the case conectly upon the report-
ing the bill to the Senate this morning. The Sen-
ator asked leave to report a bill, and it was re-
ported; and he then asked the Senate to proceed
to the consideration of the bill. The Chair de-
termines that that does not preclude the right of
a Senator to object to its reading. The Senate
may take up a bill, amend it, discuss it, and still
a Senator has the right to object to its third read-
ing. It results, therefore, if the Senator from
Alabama avails himself of the rules, he has the
right to exclude the bill from being read to-day.
From that opinion an appeal is taken. The ques-
tion now is, whether the opinion of the Chair
shall stand as the judgment of the Senate ?
Mr. JONES. Before I press my appeal, I
will ask to have the rule read which governs this
case. I do not know what it is myself exactly.
Mr. SHIELDS. While the rule is being looked
for, if the President will permit me, I will state
that perhaps one element has been omitted in the
statement of the Chair, I know, unintentionally;
and that is, the honorable Senator from Iowa, 111
presenting the bill, took the vote of the Senate—
for it amounts to that, when the concurrence of
the Senate lsgiven—that the bill be read now; that
that was ^settled before the honorable Senator
from Alabama had entered the Senate. After the
Senate has determined that the bill shall be taken
up and considered now, can the honorable Sen-
ator come in then and interpose an objection ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Minnesota that the ques-
tion submitted to the Senate was, whether the
