1859. ■
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1659
Senate should proceed to the consideration of the
bill? The Chair holds that it is competent to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senate will adhere
to the rules. The Chair has decided according to
the daily and universal practice of this body. The
bill is read for the information of the Senate, and
an attempt to cutoff that rule is simply an attempt
to take a snap judgment, that is all. It is against
all former practice.
Mr. JONES. I have asked for the reading of
the rule. If my friend from Georgia will show
me such a rule as that I will give it up.
The Secretary read as follows:
" And all other resolutions shall lie on the table one day
for consideration, and also reports of committees.''
Mr. IVERSON. This is the rule:
11 26. F-veiy hill shall receive three readings ; and the Pres-
ident shall give notice at each whether it be the first, sec-
onder third; which readings shall be on three different
days> unless the Senate unanimously diicct otherwise."
Mr. CLAY. The Senator misapprehends the
point. It is that the bill is reported to-day, and
cannot be acted on if a Senator objects.
Mr. IVERSON. It cannot be read three times
without unanimous consent.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the Secretary give me
that rule? I understand it very differently. This
is the rule under which this objection is made:
Every bill shall receive three readings previous to its
being passed."
Mr. KING. Oh, no; that is not it.
Mr. SHIELDS. If it be the other rule, then,
sir, the honorable Senator from Alabama is clearly
wrong, in my opinion, because if it be that the
report of a committee cannot be considered upon
the day upon which the report is made, that ques-
tion was decided by the Senate. That is pre-
cisely the position the honorable Senator from
Iowa was in when he asked the consent of the
Senate to consider the bill. At that stage one vote
would prevent the consideration of the bill; but
the honorable Senator asked the consent of the
Senate to its consideration. It was given. The
object of asking that was to ascertain whether
there was one man in the body who would object
to it. If there was one man, then it could not be
considered. As there was not one Senator who
objected it was taken up for consideration. Now,
sir, can one Senator afterwards interpose a simi-
lar objection, having lost the benefit of an objec-
tion at the proper time?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
restate the question. The Chair determines that
the day on which a bill is reported it is required
to be postponed for one day, if objected to by any
Senator. He decides that it is competent for the
Senate to proceed to the consideration of a bill,
that they consider it, discuss it, and amend it;
and when the reading; of the bill is called for and
any Senator objects to its reading, it is not in or-
der to have it read,and it is required to lie over
one day. From that opinion an appeal is taken,
and the question is: " Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. BRIGHT. I will only add that the de-
cision of the Chair is in conformity with all past
practice of the Senate.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I must be permitted to ex-
press a doubt whether it is in accordance with
the past practice. I understand that it is compe-
tent for a person to object to its consideration
when the question is propounded; but in this
case the bill was taken up for action, by order of
the Senate, before objection was made. I under-
stand it to be waived by taking it up. An objec-
tion could have postponed it before it was taken
up; but, being taken up by order of the Senate,
I think it could not.
Mr. TOOMBS. Did not the Senator from In-
diana move to lay the appeal on the table ?
Mr. BRIGHT. I made no motion. I only
stood by the position of the Chair, which was,
that if any one Senator objected to the consider-
ation of a question presented to the Senate by a
report on the same day made, it must necessarily
he over.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will call the attention of
the Senator to this fact: an objection was not made
until the Senate, by a vote, had taken up the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. If it was taken up by a vote
of the Senate, that alters the case.
Mr. DOUGLAS. That is the case precisely.
Mr. CLAY. It does not alter the case at all;
and I wish to state a sufficient reason why it
should not do so. Now, sir, this rule is imper-
ative:
" And ail other resolutions shall he on the table one day
for consideianon, and also reports of committees."
The rule says that it shall lie on the table.
Hence, to overcome that rule, it must require the
unanimous consent of the Senate. I say that it
does not obviate the rule at all, nor take away
the objection that it was not made at the time
that the Senate agreed to take up the bill. The
gentleman who moved to take up this bill, and all
those especially interested in it, knew that I was
opposed to it. I told them I could not permit it
to pass, because I thought it was violative of all
principle, and would be a precedent that might be
greatly abused. After I left the Senate, when I
was not here to make my objection, it was taken
up; the gentleman who made the motion, or le-
ported the bill, knowing I would oppose it. Why,
sir, if the practice be tolerated, the rule of the
Senate may be violated at any time.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President 
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to say a word?
Mr. BAYARD. I have but a simple remark to
make, to present my view. -This is an important
regulation of the practice. Whether the rule of
the Senate is a wise one which prevents our ac-
tion, or retards the will of a majority, on the day
on which a report is made, I am not prepared to
say. It is the rule. Then the question is about
the dispensation of that rule when objection is
made. I have no doubt, when a bill is asked to be
taken up, and a vote is taken, that, of course, no
objection could afterwards be interposed. My
recollection of the practice is, however, that when
you take up a bill—no objection being made—but
without any vote whatever being taken in refer-
ence to that bili, and a member comes in after-
wards, he has not waived the right of objection,
because no vote has ordered it to betaken up; no
vole could order it to be taken up; and, until some
action by the Senate in lefercncc to the matter,
the right of objection under the rule is not preclu-
ded. My recollection is, that frequently bills have
been taken up in that mode, private bills more
particularly than any other; and that, after they
were taken up, a member has made the objection,
and they were compelled to lie over.
Mr. POLK. "I move to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri to withdraw the motion, to
allow me to make a icmark.
Mr. POLK. Will the Senator renew it?
Mr. SHIELDS. I will; but I shall vote against
it. I rise now not to discuss the point of Older,
but, with the permission of the Chair and Senate,
to reply to the insinuation made by the Senator
from Alabama. That insinuation is this, if I un-
derstood the honorable Senator aright: that, in his
absence, the friends of this bill, taking advantage
of his absence, knowing he was opposed to the
bill, availed themselves of that occasion to call it
up.
Mr. CLAY. No, sir; I did not say that was
the case; but I stated that the rule might be abused
by taking advantage of the absence of a member.
I did state that it was known, I believed, to the
immediate friends of this measure, who were
pressing it, that I would object to it; for applica-
tion had been made to me last night and this
morning not to interpose an objection; but I stated
that I must and would do so.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am very happy to hear the
honorable Senator recall those unpleasant expres-
sions.
Mr. CLAY. I did not make the insinuation
at all. I stated the fact as an illustration of how
the rule mi<rht be abused.
Mr. SHIELDS. I am a friend of this bill. I
had a conversation with the honorable Senator.
The only words which passed between us were
these: that honorable Senator asked me if the
family or the widow of this deceased officer were
in reduced circumstances; and, if he will recollect,
I answered, yes, in my opinion, they were. That
was the only conversation that passed between
us. Sir, so far from believing the honorable Sen-
ator would oppose the bill, after I had satisfied
him, as 1 believed, on that point, I thought he
would support the bill. I was called before the
committee of the House as a witness to testify
my opinion as to the disease of which this gentle-
j man died. I offered testimony that I believed that
the disease had occurred in the service, and that
I knew the place and the time. My word was
taken there. I was not examined as a witness
before our committee. I suppose my word would
be taken on the same point here. This officer
served under me; he contracted the disease of
which he died under me, in my opinion, and I
would have testified that anywhere.v I believed
that, these two points being established, the hon-
orable Senator would support me.
Mr. POLK. I do not wish to interrupt——
Mr. CLAY. I merely wish to say this, in re-
ply to the Senator from Minnesota. It is pos-
sible that the Senator is right. I may have said
nothing more than that, though my impression
was that I stated to every one that I would ob-
ject. 1 was spoken to by three or four others, be-
sides the Senator himself.
Mr. SHIELDS. Notbyme. I now, in accord-
ance with my promise to the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Polk,] move to lay the appeal on
th<ktable, with the intention of voting against it.
Mr. JONES. I merely.wish to make a per-
sonal explanation to the gentleman from Alabama,
that I really did not know that he was out of the
Senate when I called up the bili. I had been to
the President with an enrolled bill, and run back
as soon as I could, and asked that the bill be
taken up, without knowing he was out.
Mr. TOOMBS called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken resulted
—yeas 25, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brown, Chesnut,
Clay, Clingman, Davis, Fe&senden, Green, Iverson, John-
son of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kins, Lane, Mai-
lory, Mason, Pearce, Polk,Reid, Sebastian, Stuart,Thom-
son of New Jersey, Toombs, Ward, and Yulee—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Bright, Broderick, Chandler,
Dixon, Doolntle, Douglas, Durkne, Fitch, Foot, Foster,
Hale, Jones, Kennedy, Seward, Shields, Simmons, Trum-
bull, and Wade—19.
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid on the table.
GOVERNMENTAL EXPENDITURES.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,
the Senate resumed the consideration of the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be, and
he is hereby, requested to cause the heads of the various
Executive Depai tments to submit estimates of the expend-
itures foi the Government to the Thirty Sixth Congress,
upon a ba^is not exceeding $50,000,000 per annum, exclu-
sive of the public debt, and the interest thereon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] offer an amend-
ment to that resolution?
Mr. BELL. I propose the amendment which
I send to the Chair. I learned from the Secre-
tary that there were other amendments pending.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that that was not the resolution supposed to
be under consideration. The resolution now be-
fore the Senate is the one offered by the Senator
from Tennessee more recently.
Mr. BELL. I want to hear that resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read
again for the information of the Senator. The
Secretary will first read the amendment offered
by the Senator from Tennessee.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is to
insert at the end of the resolution:
And that the committee alf>o inquire into, and report, the
causeb winch have mainly contributed to the great increase
of the public expenditures.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. I would barely
suggest that that amendment does riot seem en-
tirely germane to the resolution. I have no ob-
jection, however, to accepting the amendment;
but I think if the information is obtained and
presented to the country, as proposed by the
amendment, it will be ascertained where the larg-
est proportion of the expenditures have occurred.
I think it will be traced back to Congress, as well
as to the other departments. I have no objection
to the amendment, if the Senator thinks it ger-
mane to the resolution.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 should like to have the ori-
ginal resolution read.
Mr. BELL. I was not aware of the position
of the resolution. I understand that my amend-
ment is not appropriate to it. I wish the Secre-
tary would read it.
The Secretary read it.
