THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr- BELL. I have no amendment to offer to
that*
Mr. GREEN. I move the following amend-
ment:
Provided, The same can he done wuhout injury to the
public service.
The-amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. The amendment which is just
offered—which, it strikes me, is eminently proper
—shows how impossible it is to decide before-
hand what amountof money may be required. It
will remain merely as an invitation to the Exec-
utive Departments to do that which it is then-
duty to do without invitation, and would be sug-
gestive of advice on the part of the Senate which
they have not asked, which would only be effect-
ive upon them if they were not required to do it
without any advice.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I merely wish
to say—for it is not my intention to consume the
time of the Senate—that the two resolutions ori-
ginally introduced wen- based upon the proposi-
tions of the President himself. We must all be
satisfied that the retrenchment of the expendi-
tures of this Government can never bo carried
out, as recent experiments prove conclusively,
unless the Executive and the heads of Depart-
ments take the lead in this work. 1 want, so far
as ] am concernt-d, to hold them to the indications
thrown out to the country, that the expenditures
of the Government can be reduced I can see no
objection to the lay ing down any amount as a basis
on which an estimate shall be made. They will
make it on Unit basis, and indicate, at the same
timo, that this or that Department may want moie
than it authorizes them to make; ami, of course,
they will submit thicir regular estimates. This
resolution will show what the expenditures will
he by making #50,000,000, exclusive of the public
debt and the interest thereon, the basis of the es-
timates to the next Congress of the United States.
1 hope the resolution will be adopted, ft can do
no earthly harm, and may d<> a gicatdea! ofgood.
It will do good thus far: it puts' the Executive,
and those who have assumed to the country that
there can be retrenchment and thutu ought to be
commenced, in the lend; and, as faithful lepre-
sentatives of the States and people, let us give
them all the aid we can.
The resolution was adopted—'ayes twenty-one,
noes not counted.
IJILT, BECOME A LAW.
A message fiom the President of the United
States, by Mr. Hkniiy, his Secretary, announced
that the President iiad this day approved and
signed a joint resolution in relaiton (o the second
section of the act of Congress entitled " An act
to provide for the location of certain confirmed
private land claims in the State of Missouri, and
for other purposes.*'
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. STtJART, from the Committee on Public
Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of
ihe Milwaukee and Rock River Canal Company,
praying that the State of Wisconsin may not be
icleased fiom its indebtedness to the Umti d States
for moneys received from the sale of the canal
lauds, without provision being made to protect
the rights of the company; also, three memorials
of the Legislature of the State of Wisconsin,
praying the adoption of such measures as will
secure to that State the amount due from the sale
of public lands theiein; and a joint lesolution (S.
No. 13) m ielation to certain liabilities assumed
by the State of Wisconsin, submitted a report on
the subject; which was ordered to be printed.
On motion of Mr. STUART, it was
Ordered, That tin; Committee oa Public Lands be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of all business re-
fcirod lo them, and not heretofore acted oa.
On motion of Mr. IYERSON, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted to withdraw from the,
file* of the Senate the petition and papers of Gilbert &, Ger-
rij-h.
On motion of Mr. BROWN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia be discharged from, all ssubjeets referred to ih.it commit-
tee, and not reported.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire if the
reports of the Committee on Printing, with ref-  
erence to the Patent Office reports, are now upon
the table?
Mr. CLAY. I can tell the Senator that they
were acted on this morning.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What has beendonewith
them ?
Mr. CLAY. The Senate determined, by a large
majority, not to print them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, Mr. President, I
move the reconsideration of those votes.
Mr. GREEN. Were you in when the vote was
taken >
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes; I was in, and did
not object. Nobody rose, and no division was
called about it.
Mr. GREEN. I understood the Senator to say
that ho was not ini
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was here when they
were acted upon. It was since the Senate met
this morning. I think they were laid upon the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the im-
pression of the Chair.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What has been done with
them ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
informs the Chair that they w-ere not agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by winch the Senate disagreed to
the repot ts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator include both reports?
Mr FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; and I will state
my reason, for I suppo.se the Senate may as well
test it. The ground upon which dm Senate dis- j
agreed to the report unquestionably was, that they 1
supposed the franking privilege would be abol- !
ished. The reports of the committee provide for j
only a small number. H is very proper that there 1
should be some for distribution, if the work is to i
be published. There is to be only one compo- j
sition, and that composition is to be e:one through 1
with, and the book is to be published, under the j
order of the House. It provides for but a small ,
number; and as it is now very clearly settled that j
the franking privilege will remain, I think it is
proper that they should be published, and that a
reasonable number of them should be given to the *
Senate for distribution. I make the motion to -
reconsider; and if it. is agieed to,. I shall move to .
amend the resolution of the committee by Jiav- j
in" them difrtiibufed by Senators as usual. (
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved to
reconsider the vote by which the Senate disagreed |
to dm reports on printing. j
The motion was agreed to. |
M \ FESSENDEN. Now, I call for the read- !
ing of the report of the committee on the agricul- \
tural portion of the Patent Office report. j
The Secretary read it, as follows: I
Rewired, That theie be piinted, in addition to the usual
number, leu thousand cxtia copies of the leport of the
Comme'Moner of P.iients on agriculture, (or Ihe year
lor (h-nibiuion by thu InUirioi i)epartm<;nt: l3)uvulcd, That
the ablegate number ol p.ujca contained in .said icpoit, ;
shall not exceed live hiindtcd and Mxty-eijhl, meUidmg
t< n p.nje^of illn>li lion-, on wood : %/lnd jiroruled^ further,
Tnat he enure amount of copy noce^«<uy t<> complete s;ud
leport, including ihe diuwim^ lui the ilhistiutions on paper,
be placed in the hands ol the Supeiintendont ot Public ,
Pinning on or before the 1st day of .Wa> next.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to amend the res-
olution by increasing the number to twenty thou-
sand; and f make that motion. That is the first
amendment; and my design, then, is, to give
fifteen thousand to the Semite, for distribution.
That is a small number compared to what wc
used to print.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to have the yeas
and nays on that proposition. ["Oh, no."] I
am opposed to increasing the number.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. If the Sen-
ator insists on it, let it stand as it is.
Mr. CLAY. I will do it, because I was op-
posed to publishing them at all. It is a waste of
public money.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are to be published
under the order of the House.
Mr. CLAY. Only ten thousand for the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The House ordered two
hundred thousand.
Mr. CLAY. That is the very reason why we
should not publish any.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is but a very small ad-
dition to the cost. I withdraw that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion is on concurring in the report of the com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment. I wish to amend the report in this man-
ner To strike out that part which gives the num-
ber:to the Patent Office for distribution. They
will have a certain number, I suppose, from the-
two hundred thousand printed by the House, and
ten thousand are not too many for the Senate to
distribute. I move, therefore, to strike out that
part which provides for allowing them to the
Patent Office for distribution, and inserting tho'
words " for distribution by the Senate."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now the vote can be
taken on (he passage of the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the report of the Committee
on Printing.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now I move to take up
the report of the Committee on Printing on the
mechanical report.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator propose an amendment to that?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will hear it read first.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, That theie be printed, in addition to the usual
number, ten thousand extra copies of the annual report of
the Commissioner of Patent-*, on arts and manufactures,
tor the year 1838, for the fnterior Department, for the pur-
poses of official distribution, with the plates and diawinga
necessary to illustiate each ^ubjoct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out those
words: "For the Interior Department, for the
purposes of official distribution,"and insert," for
distribution by the Senate."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring m the report of the com-
mittee, as amended.
The report was concurred in.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the 1 louse of Representatives,
by Mr. Ai.lbn, its Clerk, at fifteen minutes past
eleven o'clock, announced that the House had
agreed to the repoit of the committee of confer-
ence' on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H R. No. 872) making appropria-
tions for defraying the expenses of the PostOfKce
Department, for the year ending the 30th of June,
18()0; and m accordance therewith he was directed
to present to the Senate a bill, m which the House
of Representatives asked the concurrence of the
Senate.
Mr. STUART. The House has just sent to
the Senate a communication, with a bill, to make
appropriations for the PostOfficc Department, in
obedience to the report of the committee which
was appointed to confer between the two Houses.
I move to take up that bill, and to act upon the
report which has been made.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object, if it becomes neces-
sary. If it is intended only to have it read, 1 do
not object to that.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
now before ihe Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am not precluded from any
objection I have a right to make.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Does a single objection now
| defeat the bill ?
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
] withdraw his decision,and leave it to the Senate
j to determine whether they shall proceed to the
| consideration of the bill or not, or whether Sena-
j tors can object to it.
| Mr. TOOMBS. I stated that I made the ob-
| jection. I did not wish by that to prevent its be-
; ing read for information. I intended to get rid of
j the bill if I could by an objection to it.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
j state to the Senator that it is in order to receive
| the report of the committee, and to have it read.
[ Mr. TOOMBS. I did not wish to obstruct
I business; but I did not intend to lose any right I
' had to object to it; and, therefore, it was taken
i up merely for the purpose of being read without
; prejudice. I have nothing to say until I hear from
i the committee.
