1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1661
Mr. STUART. If the Senator from Georgia
will allow me, the committee of conference, by
the rules, have a right to report at any time; but
that does not affect any right the Senator may
have in respect to the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is what I supposed; but
1 wanted, from abundant caution, that it should
be understood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report of
the committee of conference will be read by the
the Secretary.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreement be-
tween the two Houses on tile resolution adopted by them,
respectively, in relation to the action of the House on the
Senate's amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 872} "making
appropriations foi defraying tile expenses of the i'ost Office
Department for the year ending the 30tli of June,.I860,"
having met, after full and free conference have agreed, as
follows: That while neither House is understood to waive
any constitutional right which they may respectively con-
sidei to belong to them, it be recommended to the House to
pass the accompanying bill; and that the Senate concur in
the same when it shall be sent to them.
J. LETCHER,
L. O'B. HliANCII,
GALUSHA A. GROW,
Managers on the pa-/1 of the House.
CHARLES E. STUART,
J. A. I'EAROE,
SOLOMON FOOT,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. STUART. I will detain the Senate but a
moment in making a statement of the action of
the committee and the views which controlled
them. We were in the very last hours of the ses-
sion, and if the appropriation bill was to be saved
at all, in the opinion of the committee, it was ne-
cessary to have the unanimous action of the com-
mittee to secure its passage through both Houses.
The committee, in view of these considerations,
and embodying m the report an express reserva-
tion of any waiving of our constitutional rights,
or our opinions upon our constitutional rights,
agreed to abandon both the bills, the one that is
on the table of the Senate, and the one on the
table in the House, and to report a new one, rec-
ommending that the House pass that bill, and
when transmitted here, that the Senate pass it
also. We were controlled in this action by two
considerations alone: first, that the Senate should
not become compromised in regard to its consti-
tutional rights; tliey should remain untouched and
uowaived; and in the nextplacc, that by making
the concession in regard to convenience, that the
public interests should be protected in the passage
of the bill; in other words, that the service of the
Post Office Department might go on until the next
session of Congress, without interruption. To
say that it met our entire judgment, would be to
say what is not true; but to say that we believed
that there were overwhelming public interests
•which demanded the passage of some bill making
these appropriations, and that we believed our ac-
tion, being unanimous, did preserve the question of
constitutional right to each House untouched and
unyielded, is to say what is true. We thought
we had adopted the only measure which would
secure those two interests.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. STUART. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senatorbegood enough
to state whether the bill reported by the confer-
ence committee differs from the bill passed by the
House and sent to the Senate, and-which went
back with our amendments to it, and if it does
diffur to state the point of difference?
Mr. STUART. Substantially it does not dif-
fer. I do not know that it differs even in form, but
substantially it is the same bill which was passed
by the House in the first place and sent to the
Senate,and which the Senate returned with amend-
ments. By not recognizing the right of the House
to treat that bill in that way, we thought that we
saved the constitutional rights of the Senate, and
by not waiving any objection upon the second
bill the House sent to us, that we in that regard
saved the right also. I have only to say, Mr.
President, that the committee appointed by the
Seriate did as well as they could do with the little
time we had to do itm.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, although there
isa reservation of theconstitntional rights ofboth
Houses in the report, and as the Senator expressed
it, those rights are saved to the Senate, yet it
is clearly manifest, from the result of that con-
ference, that the Senate is forbidden to exercise
them.
Mr. PEARCE. I desire to say that I yielded
to this report with very great reluctance; that if
the report had abandoned the constitutional rights
of the Senate, as to which I have no more doubt
than I have of the simplest and most universally-
admitted proposition, I would not only not have
consented to that report, but I never would have
consented to any report which contained such an
abandonment of constitutional power. I would
rather have seen the Post Office Department of
the Gov rnment stricken out of existence at once
and forever. But, sir, we have not renounced any
such right; and the constitutional authority of the
Senate to add amendments increasing the rates of
postage was strongly and urgently, I think tri-
umphantly, vindicated in the committee.
But this was the question presented to us. It
was shown to us to be practically impossible that
any other measure could receive the sanction of
the two Houses of Congress in the remaining
minutes of the session. Of that we were just as
well satisfied as we can be of any fact that has not
yet come to pass, since the rules of the House put
it in the power of any one member to prolong the
consideration of that bill or any other beyond the
hour of adjournment; and we were assured that
such would be the result, if we presented any
other. Then we had to consider whether we would
break upagreat, important,and most useful public
establishment, and be subject to the necessiiy of
convening in the summer, or oblige the President,
inasmuch as no means are provided, after the 1st
of July, for carrying on the operations of the Post
Office, (not even its own revenues, unless we pass
this bill,) to stop all the business of that Depart-
ment, and leave the country unprovided with any
of those facilities so important to commerce and
many othejr interests, and which other consider-
ations havl made so valuable a necessity in other
respects to the great body of the people.
1 yielded, therefore, to a sort of necessity, being
unwilling, by my refusal to unite in this report,
to produce this result; preferring to give the op-
portunity to the Senate to determine for itself
whether it would make the one sacrifice or the
other.
I admit also, Mr. President, that I had doubts
whether the committee were not transcending
their power in agreeing to this report—the author-
ity conferred upon them being to consider the
resolution of the House, which was so objection-
able to the Senate; whether we could rightfully
present or recommend the passage of a new bill,
seemed to be somewhat doubtful in a parliament-
ary view. Still, as we had no precedent showing
that this was not permitted to us, I thought we
might be excused, in the exigency of the circum-
stances, in stretching our power to the utmost
limit. I do not know what the Senate will do
with this bill. Of course, I should prefer its pas-
sage to its defeat. I would much rather have had
another proposition which was submitted in com-
mittee, which might equally, indeed, have occa-
sioned the defeat of the bill proposed by that
plan, but would have thrown the responsibility
more palpably and directly upon the House of
Representatives. Even now, if the bill fails, I
think that the House will not escape its just re-
sponsibility; but it would have been more pal-
pable and obvious if the other proposition, which
was not accepted by the committee, had been
adopted. I will not occupy further time on the
subject, except to say that, if the Post Office ap-
propriations be not now made, we must, in going
back to the original cause, trace it to the refusal
of the House of Representatives either to accept
or reject the amendments, which the Senate, in
the unquestionable exercise of its constitutional
powers—never for many years denied by cither
House, or by the commentators on the Constitu-
tion, but practically acquiesced in on various oc-
casions—had thought proper to make to the ori-
ginal bill from the Bouse.
Mr. TOOMBS. This is a question of the great-
est possible. magnitude. On the one side is a great
constitutional question which no man has a right
to surrender if it exists; on the other, is the great
inconvenience of not having postal service per-
formed during the year 18G0. Between duty and
expediency, 1 do not hesitate, whatever may be
the course of other men. In my judgment, not
only have the rights of this body, and the Con-
stitution of the country, been trampled upon by
the House of Representatives, in the first place,
but they have been surrendered by otirowa com-
mittee of conference, and I wish to rebuke both.
They have usurped them, ami sanctioned the prin-
ciple attempted to be put upon us by the House
of Representatives, that we are not a coordinate
branch of the legislation of this country. I will
review the facts.
The House of Representatives passed a bill
appropriating certain moneys out of the Treasury
of the United States for carrying on Post Office
arrangements for the year 1860, and sent it to us.
We took up that bill, in the ordinary course of
legislation, and put on it fifteen, twenty, or twen-
ty-five amendments—certainly a heavy number,
for the thirteenth was the one objected to. That
bill was duly sent to the House of Representa-
tives. We received from them a message that
they would not consider that bill, because the
thirteenth amendment was an amendment to raise
revenue. That was the ground taken by the
House of Representatives. They therefore sent
back the bill, with that resolution accompanying
it. This body sent back a proper, a courteous,
and appropriate reply—in substance, that each
House must judge for itself of its own constitu-
tional rights, and every member of each House
judge that question for himself. That message
went to the House. Afterwards, and I thought
then very ill-advisedly, the Senator from Mich-
igan moved a committee of conference—not upon
the bill; we had none; it was not put upon that
ground; but upon the ground that the proceed-
ings of the House were not according to the
method of the bodies. That was the express
ground upon which the Chair maintained it, too.
They had no control over a bill. We had no
bill. We submitted to them no bill. There was
a bill which, in due course of legislation, had gone
to the House of Representatives with certain
amendments—sent here and sent back. The
House had sent us what they.would caH a clean
bill, leaving off our amendments; denying us the
right to legislate at all, for that is exactly what
it was, and there was the great point between us.
They sent us a bill without any amendments—
not content with striking out the thirteenth. I shall
not argue the question whether that thirteenth
amendment was a violation of the Constitution,
or not; but if it was a violation of the Constitu-
tion, or so believed by the House, it was hi their
power to strike it out. The bill was their bill.
That unquestionably was a constitutional bill, no
matter where it originated. There was an amendr
rnent—the thirteenth—which they said was for
raising revenue, I suppose intending thereby to
affirm that it was against the Constitution. They
did not object to any one of the other amendments,
for anything that we know officially. They made
no objection to the whole batch of amendments,
but the thirteenth, and that was objected to by the
gentle admonition that we were violating the Con-
stitution of our country. We sent back, as I
before stated, an appropriate reply.
They then .sent us a bill which, by our rules,
could not be read a second time without unan-
imous consent. I interposed my objection to its
being read. Then a committee was appointed,
though there was no disagreeing vote submitted
to them; for there was none. There was no dis-
agreeing vote submitted to these gentlemen at all.
They go there, and they themselves consummate
this usurpation by coming here and recommending
to us to abandon the whole of our constitutional
rights, and take the bill the House of Representa-
tives may pass; and lam asked by a committee of
conference: " here is a bill, sir; I do not know that
I can even read it; there is scarcely time to read it
through; you shall not amend it; you must aban-
don your constitutional powers, give up the rights
which the Constitution vested in your hands, and
take the bill the House has sent you, without
crossing a f, or dotting an i." I want to know if
there is a Senator in this body who is prepared
for that sort of legislation, on any necessity what-
ever? That is the question.
Our committee, who went to the conference to
inquire as to the irregularity of the method of the
House of Representatives, come here and recom-
mend us to pass another one, just such a one as
the Senate refused to consider, waiving our consti-
tutional rights; so I understand. The gentleman
shakes his head. I understand they have sent us
