580
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
to declare war. The raising and maintaining of
armies is a necessary incident to a declaration of
war; but it should be necessary and proper to
declare war first, and then to raise your armies
as incident to a declaration of war when made.
When you raise your armies, tins Constitution
says that all appropriations for their maintenance
shall not exist more than two years. Why? Be-
cause it was looked upon as a dangerous power.
In the event of a declaration of war, the Consti-
tution of the country makes the President of the
"United States commander of the Army and the
Navy; in other words, it places the swo/d in the
Executive hand, but it gives Congress the power
to control appropriations, and prohibits Congress
from making any appropriations for the support
of the Army beyond two years.
Now, the question comes up, is it necessary and
proper to declare war? Is it necessary and proper
to raise and maintain an army in consequcnce of
a declaration of war? If it is not necessary to ex-
ercise the war power, is it necessary to exercise
any of the incidents that flow from the exercise of
the war power? In the first place, we assume that
it is not necessary to exercise thy war power. It
not being necessary to exercise the war power, of
course it is not necessary to exorcise any one of
the incidents necessary or proper to carry the war-
making power into effect. Let me read the pro-
visions of the Constitution on this subject m con-
nection:
" The. Congress sftall have power to declare war,"1' *
to raise and supportarniies; but no appro-
priation of money lo that use sslinli be for a longer term than
two yeiu-rfj" * * * * •• to provide lor calling
forth the militia to execute the law* of the Union, suppiess
insurrections, and repel invasions."
These are all express grants of power.- Then
the Constitution declares, m reference to the enu-
merated powers, that Congress shall have author-
ity
<v To make all law* which chad ho mve^aiy atul piopor
for carrying into execution the loregotng powers.J1
In the first place, it is not necessary to declare
war; it is not necessary now to exorcise tho war
power. It not being necessary to exercise any
one of these powers at the present time, it is not
necessary and proper to construct the Pacific rail-
road as an incident to carry into eifect the war
power, when it is not necessary to exercise it.
The President of the United States says on tins
subject, in his late annual message:
" WhilH disclaiming all authority to appropriate money
for the construction of thin loud, [the i'acihe luthoad,] ex-
cept that derived from the wat-maUins powTofthe < 'on-n-
tution,.there arc important oollateial cons-uleianons uigiug
ih to undertake the work as speedily as possible."
The Presiderithimself then disclaims all power
on the part of the Federal Government to make
this road, unless it is under the war power; but
he snys there are other reasons why this road
should be made. Now, let me ask every man
who is a strict constructionist, and is willing to
abide hy the spirit as well as the letter of the
Constitution, if you restrict this measure to the
war power, and the President of the United States
disclaims the power to exist anywhere else, is it I
necessary and proper now to construct a railroad
that is to cost $2t)U,000,000, m order to carry out
the war-making power of the Constitution r What
great emergency is upon the country? What
great exigency exists ? Why is it necessary to
expend two, or six, or eight hundred million
dollars in the construction of a load that is not \
essential to carry out the war-making power?
I cannot consent, tf&at because the road will be
a convenience m the event of a war, for carrying
troops and munitions of war and all that pertains
to an army, we have therefore the power to con-
struct it, or to appropriate land and money to se-
cure its construction iis this bill provides, and
then give it to the Territories through which the
road may pass when they become Scales. If we
can do it, why may we not begin at Maine on our ;
extreme nouheastern boundary, and construct a !
line of railroad to Boston, and from Boston to i
JNew York, and from jNcw York to Philadelphia, j
and from Philadelphia to Baltimore, and from !
Baltimore to Washington, and from Washington
lo Puchmond, and from Richmond to Lynchburg,
and from Lynchburg to Knoxville, and from
KuoxvlMc to Chattanooga, and from Chattanooga
to Memphis, and thence to Little Rock in Ark-
a,u ..as, a direct connection over a line stretching
through the country ? Would not such a line of
road be just as much a war measure, and be just
as necessary and proper, as an exercise of the war
power, as it is to construct a road from here to
the Pacific ocean? If we have the power in the
one case to construct a road from Little Rock or
any place on the western boundary of Missouri,
or any other point, to the Pacific ocean, and pay
out money and public lands for it, is it not just
as constitutional, is it not just as necessary and
proper for the Government to come forward and
relieve those States who are now groaning under
the heavy debts that they have contracted for the
construction of the roads I have mentioned ? Can
it not just as well do that as continue these roads
to the Pacific, and surrender the line to the States
through which it may be constructed ? If we can
make the road and surrender it in the one case,
we can appropriate for one that is already con-
structed in the other.
I shall not undertake on this occasion to give
any learned disquisition on the Constitution; 1
claim to understand it for myself. I shall exer-
cise my privileges here according to my under-
standing of the Constitution of the country. I do
not think the Constitution authorizes the con-
struction of this road by the Federal Government.
If, however, we now construct this road as a war
measure, let me ask, after the road is constructed,
what defense have you given to California by it?
That appears to be the great object in view; and
the idea is kept before the Senate and the country
that our Pacific coast is in great danger, and that
those of our citizens who have emigrated there
will never be in a condition to protect themselves.
It is said we must have a road by which men,
munitions of war, and all those things ncccssary
to the defense of a free people can be taken to
California. Is there no gallantry, is there no pa-
triotism, is there no love%f country and the Union
i in the Slate of California as in the other States ?
I should think there was some there as well as
here. I will not do that people injustice. I be-
lieve California is competent to defend herself.
Give her the snmc means, the same instrumental-
ities that are exercised by the other States, and
California will defend heiself.
But suppose the rood was constructed to Cali-
fornia: our grc'at danger, it is «uid, lies in appre-
hended descents from some greatmaritime Power.
Some foreign Power is to attack our Pacific coast,
nnd therefore a railroad is necessary to its defense.
Suppose your road was constructed to day: would
it protect California from any maritime Power?
What would protect her from a British, or a
French, or any other lleetthat might be prepared
to make a descent on her coast > Why, albei your
road is constructed, you must have forts, you must
have harbors, yon must have arsenal*, you must
have dock-yards, or else you have no defense. But
suppose you pass to the other end of the line, and,
without the road, construct forts and arsenals
and dock-yards on the Pacific coast, as you have
done on the Atlantic: arc not the people of Cali-
fornia as competent to defend themselves as we
are? By the time we construct this road, which
will not be loss than twenty-five or perhaps a much
greater number of years, they will be more com-
petent to defend themselves against any foreign
aggressions than we were when we succeeded in
achieving the independence that we now enjoy.
It is not necessary, it isnot proper to carry into
effect any one of the expressly granted powers in
the Constitution. If they need forts, if they need
arsenals, if they need dock-yards, coming within
the meaning and purview of the Constitution, as
it has been acted on again and again, give them to
California. The Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Simmons] stated the other day that, if an army of
thirty-five thousand men were placed on the Pa-
cific coast, and they had to be supplied by means
of this road from the Atlantic States, it would cost
us over one hundred million dollars per annum
to sustain them. Then we shall expend a much
larger sum per annum for sustaining that force
than your whole War Department costs, going
upon the idea that California and the Pacific coast
arc never tor be in a condition to defend themselves,
i think the time will come, and long before this
railroad is completed, when, on the other side of
the mountains, on the great slope that leads to
the Pacific coast, the people there will know how
to make cannon as well as we do hero; they will
know how to manufacture powder, ball, and all
the other implements necessary and proper for a
people to carry on a war successfully. Wc seem
to go on the idea, in making arguments for this
road, that they are never to be competent there
to the construction of any of the implements ne-
cessary successfully to carry on a war.
The President disclaims the power existing in
the Constitution unless it is derived from the war
power. This is an honest difference of opinion.
I do not believe it can be derived from that power.
There have been some others who claim the power
as arising from the power in the Constitution to
regulate commerce. I do not thinkthat provision
in the Constitution which provides for the regu-
lation of commerce, confers power on Congress
to make or to create commerce. Some derive the
power from that provision of the Constitution
which authorizes Congress to establish post offi-
ces and post roads. I do not believe the language
employed in the Constitution to be so meant. The
debates of the convention do not show that Con-
gress was to make and construct roads through
the country. It meant, I think, simply and plainly,
that where there were lines of communication,
Congress might establish them as the govern-
mental channels through which communications
of this kind might go, but not to construct roads.
They may establish and recognize them as post
roads, but not construct them.
It seems, from the multifarious views taken of
the constitutional power to pass this measure by its
friends, that it has no specific or definite location.
It is a kind of migratory power that is wander-
ing about in the Constitution, seeking some place
to make a location. Then I come back to the text
that I started with: placing ltupon the best ground
possible, it is a doubtful question; and being a
doubtful question, C, as a Democrat, favoring a
strict construction of the Constitution, say Con-
gress should desi#tfrom the exercise of the power;
and before the power is exercised, if this Govern-
ment is to be preserved a free-Government, let us
go to the States that made the Constitution, and
ask them for an enlargement of our authority or
to definitely and distinctly define what power Con-
gress shall exercise in reference to works of inter-
nal improvement.
But to make this road a little more plausible,
and, as it were, to hang it as a millstone around
the neck of the Democratic party, the distin-
guished Senator from California [Mr. Gwin] re-
ferrad to the national convention which sat at
Cincinnati in 1856. He says that that conven-
tion passed a resolution favoring the construction
of this road as a part of the Democratic plat-
form ; that it was hud down as a tenet of the Dem-
ociatic pai ty; that it was adhered to by the party,
and recommended by the President; and hence
all the Senators on this side of the Chamber are
considered hound to go for this measure. In the
first place, Mr. President, I do not understand
the resolution alluded to, as the Senator from Cal-
ifornia understands it. On the first day of the
sitting of that convention, Mr. Hallett, who by-
the-by is generally a considerable man at gather-
ings of this kind, and is very expert as well as
talented in the preparation of resolutions, intro-
duced the following resolution:
" Resolved, That a committee of one delegate from each
State, to bp -.eluded by tiio delegation thereof, be appointed
to repoit re.-olutimis, and that ait resolutions in relation to
the platloun ot the Democratic party he referred to said
committee, on presentation, without debate."
On the third day of the convention, Mr. Hal-
lett, as chairman of that committee, made this
report:
"I have been instructed, as the ehanman of the com-
mittee on re>ohmon?>. to icnortto this con\ention the plat-
inum of icvihmons which thev have adopted. I am also in-
structed hy the committee to say, that the portion of the
resolutions winch relates to Kansa« and Nebraska, and
tho->e propositions concerning the admim ti at ion of the Gen-
eral Government, have been adopted hy the committee with
entire unanimity, every member fiom every State having
signified hii perfect acquie&ccnce m these repositions.
There is> another and very important class of resolutions,
relating to the foreign policy of the country. While tli-*<e ,
re.-olutions have been recommended by tno committee us, a
portion of the plattoim, it is? proper to state, that they weie
not adopted with entire unanimity."
Mark this*, and then he adds:
"I am al-o mstiucted to report a resolution, as recom-
mended hy the committee, concerning communication be-
tween tiie Atlantic and Pacific oeeaiw."
He reports the resolutions in regard to the
Pacific railroad, not as part of the platform.
Then comes the platform of resolutions reported,
