1662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
another clean bill, and, I presume, this is t[ie one; ;
but I shall have it iead in due season before I am ,
through with thedebate, to sec what is in it. They |
then recommend that the House shall pass the j
bill, omitting, I presume, ail of our amendments; j
for the report does not- say that the bill includes :
any.
Mr. BRODERICK. Every one of them.
Mr. TOOMBS. I supposed, from the tenor of the
report, that they omitted every one of thorn. It is
just the bill which the House first passed. The
House have sent it to us again, and tell us that
the Senate must abandon its legislation, and vote
such a bill for the appropriation of $20,000,000
as they choose to give us. I suppose we will not
be permitted to add to it. Twenty million dol-
lars mustbe appropriated without inquiry by this
branch of the Legislature; and our committee, who
have abandoned the principle, abandoned the
rights of the Senate, recommend to us to do a
thing which is unconstitutional and ought not to
be done; one that no member of this body ought
to submit to; one which no member should carry
out, in my judgment. Now, sir, this bill must
take its regular course; it must be read; it must
be considered; it must be passed upon; and it j
shall be, by the deliberate judgment of at least
one Senator in this body.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
wait until the bill is read a first time.
The bill (H. R. No. 873) making appropria-
tions for the servicc of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending the 30th of June,
1860, was read the first time by its title.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to the second muling i
of that bill to-day.
Mr. STUART. I shall occupy (ho time of the
Senate butfora moment. There is nottime to vin-
dicate the committee. Its vindication mustbe left
to the history of the country. We were assured |
that if we were to insist that the House should
take up the original bill, and tf the House would
agree to it, any member of the House had a right;
to insist upon separate action upon each amend-
ment, and it could not be got through with, nor
half through with, between that time and twelve
o'clock. There we were met with an impossi-
bility at the thicshold. Then, sir, the question
was one 
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
front Michigan allow me to interrupt him for one
moment >
Mr. STUART. Yes, sir.
Mr. SEWARD, i think it is important that
it should be ascertained jn tin: Senate whether the
objection of a Senator to the reading of this hill
a second time will prevent action on it. I ask the
honorable Senator to permit that question to be
decided.
Mr. STUART. I do not wish that question
stated or decided at present; because, then, if that
prevailed, 1 should be met with the position that
there was nothing before the Senate.
Mr. SEWARD. Very well. I barely desired
that it should be raised Mod decided.
Mr. STUART. I eay it was an ascertained
fact, as there exists the right of every member of
the House to have each amendment that the Sen-
ate made to that bill separately considered, even
if the House would agree to take it up, it would
consume more time than there was left in the ses-
sion to consider the amendments. Then,sir, there
was the question of recommending to the Senate
to take up the bill the House had sent here. That,
thecommittee thought would be waiving the rights
of the Senate and surrendering something of the
position which had been taken. • The committee,
then, were placed this embarrassing condition,
so well represented by the Senator from Georgia
himself: between insisting strenuously and tech- j
nicallyupon a constitutional right, waiving noth-
ing, even by implication, and taking that course
which would substantially pteservc the right, and
give the Senate of the United States an opportu-
nity to say what they would do. That is all the
committee of conference has done. Had we dis-
agreed, broken up that conference, and done noth-
ing, the Senate of the United States would not
have had the opportunity, nor the House either,
to have decided this question.
Wc presented, therefore, I say, the only prac-
tical mode ofgetting an appropriation bill through.
All others were impracticable. The reading of
the bill sent to us was objected to. That closed
action upon that bill. I have shown that action
in the House upon the original bill, at this stage
of the session, was impossible; it could not be got
through. The committee of the Senate, there-
fore, with every disposition to maintain its honor,
with every disposition to maintain,in the strictest
sense, its constitutional rights, to surrender noth-
ing, made you a report,which says that we waive
nothing upon this question at all, but we present
to each House a new bill, which carries with it
such appropriations as will keep this department
of the Government moving until the next session
of Congress. We submit to the judgment of the
Senate, whether they will act upon it or not. We
feel that tho Senate is perfectly at liberty, that
every individual Senator is perfectly at liberty,
to take such course as his judgment, and, in tlie
language of the Senator from Georgia, his sense
of constitutional duty, dictate to him. We desire
not to prevent that; we desire not to obstruct it;
but I submit to the Senate, I submit to the Sen-
ator from Georgia, whether it is just to say that
the committee appointed by the Senate has sur-
rendered its rights? We have submitted this
whole question to the Senate. To you, Senators,
in the discharge of your constitutional duty, is
the whole subject presented. So far as I am con-
cerned, Mr. President, without the slightest per-
sonal feeling, or pride of personal opinion, I shall
feel that 1 have discharged my duty; that the
committee have discharged their duty; that the
question rests where it belongs—on the Senate of
the United States, and to each individual Senator
exercising that responsibility to the Constitution
and the country which his position devolves upon
him.
Mr. SEWARD. I move that the bill now have
its second reading.
Mr. TOOMBS, Mr. BRODERICK, and Mr.
BENJAMIN. 1 object. *
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot have its second reading to-
day.
Mr. BAYARD. I wish to address the few re-
marks 1 have to make, and I will endeavor to
make them 
Mr. COELAMER. What the question be-
fore the Senate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Delaware addresses the Chair, the Cluurdoes not
know upon what question.
Mr. BAYARD. In reference to the report of
the committee of conference. I suppose it is still
b«'foie us.
Mr.COLL\MER. That is not before us. The
question is on the second reading of the bill.
Mr. BAYARD. If other Senators can speak
upon it, I suppose I am entitled to the same right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will not
interrupt the Senator unless objection js made.
There is no question before the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is, then, no
question before the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I move that the Secretary be
directed to inform the House that the Senate, hav-
ing finished its legislative business, is ready to
adjourn
Mr. BAYARD. I ask if I can speak on that
resolution r
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can.
Mr. BAYARD. I shall take but a very few
minutes. I only wish to state, in reference to this
matter, that with me it is no question of personal
feeling. I stand here as the representative of the
smallest State in the Union. 1 look upon the
form of this Government as a mixed republic,
not a pure democracy; and that our fathers never
would have constituted a mere democracy to be
i governed by the will of the great mass of the peo-
ple, because they would have known that U was
an impracticable government. I look, therefore,
at the action of the House of Representatives as
striking at the basisupon which yourGovernment
stands, and which my State is peculiarly interested
in maintaining, and every State in this Union that
desires to see thcGovernment perpetuated. The
House of Representatives have never even con-
sidered their own bill sent to us, and which we
amended and returned to them. This is not the first
time this act has occurred; and the question is,
whether the representatives of the power of num-
bers shall treat, with entiie contempt, the repre-
sentatives of State sovereignty, and deprive them
of that equal power which, by the frame-work of
the Constitution, they were intended to enjoy In
my judgment,theSenate cannot yield that without
yielding the structure of the Federal Constitution.
For one, 1 can never consent to that, even though
inconvenience, the loss of an appropriation bill,
and the derangement m the financial affairs of the
Government, are consequent upon that action; it
rests not with us.
But, sir, in reply to the remarks of the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, while believing that
our committee intended to do all that was right
to sustain the honor of the Senate, I think they
made a gross mistake. The reason given is, that
it was impracticable for the House to take up our
amendments; aud the committee, therefore, re-
ported, though not within the authority confided
by us to them, a new bill. Well, sir, if it was
a new bill, at least in framing a new bill which
the House could act upon as well as ourselves,
they might have embodied in that bill something
which the Senate had desired by its votes as part
of the legislation of the country, and not frame
precisely the same bill in substance that was sent
originally to us by the House, and amended by
us, without including in this bill one solitary pro-
vision that the Senate by its votes have adopted.
That would have been equally a new bill. If
they had reported a now bill, and given us one
mixed of the two bills, 1 cannot see any objection
there could have been to it by the House, for it
would have been a question of amendments, a
question on the bill reported by the committee on
conference, wherein 1 consider that they have
waived the constitutional right of the Senate.
They may reserve the right in words, but they
yielded it in fact. If they had not made that mis-
take, if they had reported to us a bill combined
of the provisions of that bill as amended by the
Senate and as originally preferred by the House,
there might have been something m saying we
did not yield our constitutional rights in adopting
such a bill; but to adopt a naked bill by the
House, although called a new bill, when it is not
so in fact, but merely in name; to adopt that,
when that House has refused to consider a single
amendment of the Senate; when that House has
undertaken to say to us, " you are not entitled to
give your judgment upon what is the construc-
tion of the Federal Constitution;" J, for one, can
never consent to notice any action of the House
taken under those circumstances.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the resolution offered by the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am unwilling that that
resolution should pass while any time remains.
The hour has not yet quite arrived, and on this
side of the House we are anxious to save, if pos-
sible, the mail service of the country. If gentle-
men who are in the majority, and have charge of
these matters, choose to talk the time away, we
cannot help it. We will sit here ready to vote,
if we can, until the time arrives.
Mr. MASON. I should have preferred taking
a direct vote on the bill to test the sense of the
Senate on the question that has been laised by
the committee of conference, but I am not anx-
ious about that. I am^ne of those who stand
here determined that the rights of the Senate, as
far as my vote goes, shall be vindicated. If we
pass that bHl, the House retaining the bill which
they have passed, and which we had amended and
sent back to them, if we.pass that bill white the
other remains unacted upon, in the possession
of the House, we shall have betrayed the trust
reposed in us by the Constitution aud our con-
stituents; we shall have yielded all participation
whatever in the legislation of the country at the
jj will of the popular branch; we shall have con-
;i tnbuted to give impulse to the first revolutionary
j; blow which has come upon this Government, and
j| that has come from the popular branch. There
] I can be no mistaking the fact—I will not inquire
M into the purpose—if the Senate act upon this new
■j bill, while that which we had amended and sent
!j back to them remain unacted upon by the House,
11 it is for the Senate to lay down all power of legis-
' lation at the feet of the coordinate branch. Now,
sir, whatever inconvenience may ensue, I will op-
pose my vote to this first and extraordinary rev-
olutionary movement on the part of the popular
branch.
