1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
PI
signed by "B. F. Hallett, chairman;" and this is
added:
" The foilira-iim ii the reiolu lion with respect to overland
communication with the Pacific."
Thencom^s the resolution,an outside measure,
not laid down as a tenet or article of faith, which
was adopted by the Democratic party in that con-
vention. This resolution was taken up, and Mr.
H. Salisbury, of Delaware, moved to lay it on the
table. When we come to read this resolution, all
that it did was to assert the duty of Congress to
exercise all its constitutional power on the sub-
ject. It did not even assume that Congress had
any power in the matter. If they had none, it
was a nullity and meant nothing; at all. The res-
olution was taken up, and Mr. Saulsbury, of Del-
aware, moved to lay.it on the table. This motion
prevailed—yeas 154, nays 120; and the resolu-
tion was laid upon the table. The convention
then, after having completed the Democratic plat-
form, proceeded to the nomination of their can-
didate for the Presidency of the United States.
Mr. Buchanan was nominated. The nomination
was over, the platform complete; the creed of the
Democratic party, so far as that convention went,
was finished. In the evening session, after the
candidate for the Presidency was nominated, Mr.
Shields, of Missouri, presented the following res-
olution:
"Resolved, Thar it is the duty of the Federal Government
to construct, so far as it has constitutional powei so to do,
a safe oveiland commurndation within our,own temtoiy
between the Pacific and Atlantic States."
Then the original resolution, which had been
rejected, was offered .in lieu of this, at the re-
quest of the Wisconsin delegation. The original
resolution was adopted, in these words:
'•Resolved, That the Deniociatic party recognizes the
great lrnpoitanee, in a political and commercial point of
view, oi a safe ami speedy communication through our
own territory between the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of
the Union, and thfit it is the duty of the Federal Govern-
ment to exercise all us constitutional power to the attain-
ment of that object, thereby binding the Union of these
States in indissoluble bond*, and opening to the rich com-
merce of Asia an overland tiaiiMt from the Pacific to the
Mississippi river and the gieat lakes of the North."
Mark you, the President was nominated at
.this time, and this resolution was adopted merely
as suggestive, it having once been rejected by a
decided vote. It was not adopted as part of the
platform, but simply as an outside, straggling
resolution in the convention. The Vice President
was then nominated; and in the acceptance of his
nomination, hear what his language is, and this
goes to show that he did not understand that
resolution as being a part of the platform:
" The platform you have to unanimously adopted''—
•—not the resolution that had been once rejected,
and taken up and adopted as an outside measure;
but—
—" The platform you have so unammnu<lv adopted, I
need not, as a State lights man, say I eoidially approve
and indorse."
What construction does the Vice Pres>dentput
upon this resolution ? What construction does
everybody else put upon a resolution which has
been sent forth to the country as bcins; a Demo-
cratic measure, as an article of the Democratic
faith? I say, according even to the proceedings
of that convention, it is no article of the faith of
the party to which I belong. It is no tenet of my
creed, and I consider myself a Democrat, and do
not look on it as adopted by the convention. It
is merely thrown out as suggestive; it is nothing
more than mere apocrypha; it is no tenet, no arti-
cle of our faith. I remember very well, that after
the nomination was made, the question came up
as to whether this plank had been laid'down as
part of our creed, and I know that in the section
ofcountry where 1 was during the canvass, it was
repudiated and condemned by all as not being
part of the Democratic faith. I know that Mr.
Buchanan was not understood in that region as
entertaining opinions favorable to the Pacific rail-
road and admitting its constitutionality, Al-
though the opinion may have been expressed, and
it may have lain hidden somewhere else, yet
during that canvass it was not before the public
mind as a measure of the Democratic party. On
the contrary, I well remember the surprise with
which, in my section, the people received news
from the State of California, after the cleeti.m w.is
over, after victory had perched upon the Demo-
cratic standard, that Mr. Buchanan had written a
letter to California, committing himself to the Pa-
cific railroad; and it was so surprising that some
even looked upon.that letter, being published after
the election was over, as a hoax, as not authentic,
as gotten up for the occasion. But let that be as
it may, the letter was written in September, went
to California and did its work there, if it did any.
I do not know whether it influenced the electron
there or not, but it was not known in the region
of country from which I come until after the elec-
tion was over, and it took us by surprise. I know
there are some in my section of the country who
are for a Pacific railroad, without regard to the
Constitution, without regard to the existence of
the power anywhere, and who look upon it as a
great measure. For myself, however, I prefer,
on such questions, to consult the Constitution of
my country.
Mr. President, even if the Cincinnati conven-
tion had laid it down as an article of the Demo-
cratic faith, as a tenet in our creed, I should like
to know of what binding force resolutions and
tenets and articles of faith laid down by conven-
tions in modern times, are upon any party what-
ever? I think about this convention as I have
thought about all conventions, from my earliest
advent into public life to the present time. We
know how these conventions are gotten up. We
know the objection that was urged against the
congressional caucus system in-1824, and we
know that Andrew Jackson, being the people's
man and a great advocate of popular rights, was
brought forward as the most fit and suitable indi-
vidual to break up the old congressional caucus
system. Experience and observation, however,
have satisfied my mind that the old congressional
caucus system was infinitely preferable to your
recent national convention system. In the one
ease, the members of Congress who made the
nomination felt that they had some responsibility
resting upon them, and when they went to their
congressional districts they were responsible for
the nominee who was put upon the country as a
candidate for the Presidency. Plow have your
national conventions been gotten up? I do not
say it out of any disrespect, but i refer to it as a
historical fact, that a lnige proportion of the per-
sons who attend national conventions, go there
without representing anybody. Little meetings,
irresponsible caucuses get together, and appoint
delegates to go to the conventions. They are
men who, when they look to their congicssional
district, see that somebody represents it in Con-
gress; when they look to their legislative district,
they see that somebody represents it in the Legis-
lature; they find the various places filled at home,
and they go into a convention with tlieir little
amount of stock, to make the best and safest in-
vestment of it they can, and the candidate who
can come forward, and, through his friends, hold
out the greatest amount of appliances, fair or
unfair, is the one who secures their support, and
obtains a nomination.
Mr. President, I most sincerely hope the time
wiil come when the people of the United States
will have the constitutional right to elect their own
President. Do they elect him now? No; they
do not. Packed conventions are got up, and they,
by the means to which I refer, make a nomina-
tion either on one side or the other. Democrats
or Black Republicans, Democrats or Whigs, Dem-
ocrats or Americans, make their nominations in
conventions, and submit them to the American
people. Although our people are in theory a free
people, and are supposed to elect their President,
the fact is that in practice, the conventions have
made the choice before they are called upon to
vote; and after these conventions, on the one side
and on the other, have chosen a President, the
freemen of this country are brought up to the
ballot-box and taken through the ridiculous mock-
ery of voting for electors for President. 1 have
gone for the nominees of conventions, and I have
been in conventions; hut need I stultify myself;
need I deceive myself; do I not see their tend-
ency—an alarming, corrupting, and dangerous
, tendency? There was one distinguished man
i whom I greatly admired; whose remains now re-
i pose in o neighboring State to my own; who has
! u. permanent abiding place in the affections ofhis
i countrymen, and especially of his ov/n State. I
, allude to Air. Calhoun; and his State is selected
! as the place for the action of another contention
j in direct opposition to the views which he enter-
I tamed in reference to those conventions which
have been fixing Presidents on the country.
Calhoun fought the caucus system;" he fo,ug|U the
convention system; he contended far the "great
principle that the people should elect tHe Presi-
dent themselves, or that he should be elocted m
the manner pointed out by the Constitution Sow
is it done now? Have the people the constitu-
tional power? No. We talk about free Qovern-
tjient, and the exercise of the elective franchise;
but th$ people.have no power to elect a Presijiebt,.
The Constitution of the United States confers the
power upon the States to appoint a certain number
ofelectors, in such manner as the Legislature may
prescribe. All the £Uatesgive the election of elec-
tors to the people save one, and,that is South Car-
olina; and I regret that she has not done itj'but
the privilege of voting for electors is exercised by
the people at the mere grace and favor and con-
descension of the State Legislature.
I hope the time will come when the American
people can for themselves, in a constitutional
way, settle who shall be their Chief Magistrate.
Would it not be better that the organic law of the
land should be so changed as never to take the
election before the House of Representatives ik
the event of no one of the candidate's receiving a
majority of all the votes? If a dozen candidates
run, and no one receives a majority of all the
votes, yet the people have indicated at the ballot-
box whom they prefer. Every State of the Union
might run a candidate; the people might vote for
few or many, as they saw proper; and the pref-
erence of the people would be indicated in refer-
ence to men, whom, by service, by association,'
by merit, and by their public acts, had got their
esteem and confidence, even though in particular
localities. Suppose a dozen should run, and no
one should have a majority. Change your or-
ganic law, send the two highest back tothe peo-
ple, and let it be settled by them just as it is now
settled by the House of Representatives. I
would to-morrow prefer to see an election made
by the House of Representatives, much as I re-
pudiate that provision of our Constitution, rather
than by an irresponsible convention. They do
settle it; they do make Presidents; and we know
it is practically so. It is not worth while to dis-
cuss the point, which will be the safest—men
who have merit in their districts,and have found
their way as Representatives of a free people to
the other Hall, and there voting by States, or ir-
responsible national conventions.
I have gone thus far to show that I do not rec-
ognize everything that may emanate from an ir-
responsible convention, as having a binding force
upon me as an article of the Democratic faith.^ I
look on these conventions, in fact, as in violation
of the spirit, if not the letter, of the Constitu-
tion of the United States. Why do I say so?
One convention of one party meets and nomin-
ates its man, and the other convention meets and
nominates its candidate. There are only two
candidates before the country, and the people, as
I remarked before, come forward and ratify what
the conventions have done; but when we come
to look to the Constitution of the United States
and the vie^s of those who framed it, we find
that that instrument, after declaring the mode in
which the President shall be chosen by the elect-
ors, goes on to provide:
^Thc President of the Senate ehall, in the presence of
the Senate and Hou&e of Rcpieseniatives, open ail the cer-
tificates, and the votes shall tlfen be counted. The person
having the greatest number of votes for President shall be
the Picsideut, if such number be a mnjority of the whole
nutnbei of electors appointed; if no person have each
majority, then, from the persons having the highest numbers,
not exceeding three, on the list of those voted for as Pres-
ident, the House of Representatives shall dhoose."
The original provision was, that in tho event
of a failure to elect by the electors, no more than
five names should go before the House of Rep-
resentatives. The Constitution was amended, and
the number narrowed down to three. What does
this contemplate? What is the idea hold out?
What is the theory inculcated? It is, that you
shall have a greater number to vote for than two;
at.one time five, and at another time three, ac-
cording to the Constitution. But the convention
system saya no, the people shall only have two
to choose from. I look upon the proceedings df
conventions, especially whnn there are only two,
as coming directly in conflict with the spirit, if
not the letter, of the Constitution, by depriving
the people of the benefit of choice from five or
