1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1663
Mr. HALE. I do not propose to occupy any-
period of time; there is but little to occupy; but!
do not wish to hear this act of the House of Rep-
resentatives denounced as the first revolutionary
act on the part of either branch of this Govern-
ment. Sir, there has been, in my humble judg-
ment, a revolutionary act commuted by this body,
of a vastly more revolutionary character than any-
thing that is attempted, by the House, and that is
the action of this Senate in filling up this body,
and in disregarding; the requirement of the Con-
stitution requiring State Legislatures to elect mem-
bers here, and not that the Senate shall elect them.
If this country is to fall, and if the Constitution
is to be staggered by revolutionary attacks upon
it, the historian that writes the decline and fall of
this Republic, will not put this down as the first
revolutionary act; but he will say that this Sen-
ate, which is so full of indignation to-day against
what is termed the revolutionary action of the
House, has set an example of vastly greater evil
precedent than that..
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will occupy no time, but
I am really sorry to see the appropriation bill for
mail set vice defeated on a punctilio between the
Senate and House of Representatives. I do not
feel that my dignity, as a Senator, or the dignity
of the Senate, as"a body, is trenched on, or that
the Constitution has received a vital stab, simply
because a resolution passed the House, which \
think was in bad taste, and we responded to it,
Ferhaps, with as much indignation as it required.
think we had better act on the merits of the bill,
rather than on the point of dignity which is said
to be involved. I do not think the dignity of the
Senate of the United States is to be impaired by
a resolution of the House of Representatives. 1
do not think we should be so sensitive and so
quick to take exception to the phraseology they
have used, as to obstruct public business on a
mere point of etiquette of that kind. I do not
know what is contained in the bill, and I would
rather have considered it as an appropriation bill,
and paid no attention to what occurred last night
between the two Houses; but letby-gones be by-
gones. I do not know that the bill which the
House has sent to us has in it anything which I
could vote for without amendment; but I would
rather dispose of it on its merits, than on a mere
punctilio of this kind.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 do not wish this question to
go out on the basis on which the Senator from
Illinois has improperly put it. This is not a ques-
tion of dignity; not a question of punctilio; but it
is a great question of constitutional right, one
which, if he agrees with me, he dare not surren-
der, whatever might be his wishes, without be-
traying his trust. If he holds that it is not, I
would hear his argument. The Senator from New
■Hampshire speaks of a revolutionary act of this
body, intrusted by the Constitution with the pre-
rogative of dccidmg upon the qualifications and
elections of their own members; and when they
took it up deliberately, debated it for weeks and
ruonths and sessions, and decided it, because he
chooses to imagine that his judgment was right
and that of this body was wrong, he has the au-
dacity to stand up here and eall that revolution-
ary which was a legitimate, constitutional judg-
ment, given by the vcrjMfertic8 to whom the Con-
stitution has given the right to decide. That is
revolutionary ! In the name of the Constitution,
what is regular government? I have no doubt
that he might have gone to the Supreme Court of
the United States, and, if they had decided against
that gentleman's idea of constitutional law, he
would doubtless consider that revolutionary. lie
considers the decisions of the Senate, or of judi-
cial tribunals, the tribunals erected by his coun-
try and by my country, that do not square with
his ideas of the Constitution, as revolutionary. I
can accept that sort of revolution, and I am con-
tent to accept it.
What was the history of the decision to which
he alludes? Two Senators were elected; their
election was protested against; the gentlemen
came here, and it was referred to the Judiciary
Committee, composed of six Senators selectedfrom
this body for their supposed knowledge of great
constitutional questions, and whose habits of life
had induced the Senate to believe they were capa-
ble of considering a legal question. They gave
it the most diligent consideration upon its merits.
As one of that committee, I examined it carefully.
The committee reported that the right of the case
was with the sitting members. And yet the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire stands heie, and has
the audacity to tell me that, because my judgment
differed from his, it was a revolutionary measure.
Sir, it is a declaiation not fit to be made by a Sen-
ator. It is a declaration not fit to be made in this
House. I'do not pretend that my judgment is
absolutely right; but I say, the chances of it are
as good as of his own; and the chances are that
this body is equally well qualified by ability, by
integrity, by patriotism, and by every title of
manhood, to decide, ais that Senator. This body,
on their oaths, sitting here and deciding accord-
ing to the Constitution, decided that that was a
rightful election. Is that revolutionary ? A judg-
ment delivered by a body to whom the right is
expressly confided by the Constitution,upon the
highest grounds of public safety, the only tribu-
nal in any free country in the world, in any rep-
resentative Government in which such questions
can ever be placed with safety to public institu-
tions, is called revolutionary. The British Par-
liament, for centuries, have held that no tribunal
whatever but themselves should judge of the qual-
ifications, returns, or elections, of members sent
to their own body. This Constitution of ours, in
analogy to that great principle, a principle which
was so long maintained in that country, has con-
fided it to us in regard to our members, and to
the House of Representatives in regard to their
own members; and we have gone on according to
the Constitution, according "to the forms of the
law, quietly, decently, and in order 
The VICE PRESI DENT. The Senator from
Geoigia will pause. The hour having arrived for
the expiration of this Congress, I declare the Sen-
ate adjourned sine die.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 3, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
Mr. WALBRIDGE moved that the reading of
the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, objected.
The Journal of yesterday was then read and
approved.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 666)
making appropriations for the consular and diplo-
matic expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 18C0, when the Speaker
signed the same.
DAVID MYERLE.
Mr. ARNOLD. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar be discharged from
the further consideration of Senate bill No. 120
for the relief of David Myerle.
The hill provides that the claimant be paid
$44,400, for losses, sacrifices, and expenses in-
curred by him in testing and establishing the
practicability of water-rotted hemp under the
direction of the Navy Department.
Mr. PEYTON. I object. That bill ought not
to pass.
Mr. ARNOLD. I move a suspension of the
rules for the purpose I have indicated.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 90,
noes 29.
Mr. PEYTON demanded tellers. #
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Millson and
Dawes were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 103, noes 31.
Mr. UNDERWOOD demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dickints, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 890)
making appropriations for the payment of the ex-
penses of investigating committees, and for other
purposes; had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses to the Army appropriation bill;
and insisted on its disagreement to the naval ap-
propriation bill, and asked a committee of confer-
ence thereon; and had appointed Messrs. Mal-
lory, Bright, and Hamlin, managers on the part
of the Senate.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BTLL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask that the
House insist on itsdisagreement to the naval ap-
propriation bill, and appoint a committee of con-
ference to meet the committee on the part qF the
Senate.
It was so ordered; and Messrs. Jones of Ten-
nessee, Sherman of Ohio, and Winslow, were ap -
pointed the managers on the part of the House*
DAVID MYERLE—AGAIN.
The question being on the motion to suspend
the rules, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered,
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 114, nays 64; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Admin, Ahl. Arnold, Barr, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Bishop, Blair, Bocock, Bowie, Branch,
Brayton, Buffintan, Builingamc, Barns, Caskie, Cavan-
augb, Chapman, Ezra Clark, John B. Clark, ClarkB. Coch-
rane, John Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax, Comms, Corning,
Cox, Ciaym, James Cr.ug, Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Da-
vis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts. Dawes, Dimmick,
Dodd, Dowdeil, Edmundson, English, Farnsworth, Flor-
ence. Foley. Foster, Gilhs. Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Good-
win, Greenwood, Gregg, Gxoe^beck, Grover, Grow, Law-
rence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Hatch, Hawkms,
Hodees, Horton, Howard, Hnyler, ICeliogg, ICelsey, Jacob
M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Landy, Leidy, MeKibbm,
Maynard, Milison, Montgomery,Momll,Edward Joy Mor-
ris, Ficeiiian II Morse, Niblack, Nichols, Parker, Pettit,
William W. Phelps, Phillips, Poule, Powell, ReiJIy, Ricaud,
Roberts, lluffin, Sandidge, Scott, Reward, Aaron Shaw,
Robert Smith. Samuel A. Smith, James A. Stewart,Talbot,
Tappan, Geoige Tavloi, Thayer, Tompkins, Wade, Wal-
bndge, Waidion, Walton, Ward, Ellihu B. Washbume,
Israel Washburn, Watkms, White, Winteloy, Winslow,
Wood, Woodson, and Wortendyke—314.
NA YS—Mes>rs. Atkins, Aveiy, Billingliurst, Bliss, Bon-
h.im, Uurnett, Ca^c, dawson. Clay, Cobb, Burton Craige,
Crawford, Davis of Mi-?si^ippi, Dean, Dnrfee, Edie, Elliott,
Fentoit, Gailrell, Giddmgs, Granger, Hickman, Hoard,
Hopkins, Houston, Jack.son, Jewett, George W. Jones,
Keim, Kilgoro, Knapp, Leach, Letter,Lovi-joy,McQueen,
Humphrey Mar-hall, Ma^on,MatUson, Mile*,Moore,Mor-
gan, Murray, Olm, Peyton, Potter, Ready, Reagan, Ritchie,
Bobbins, Royce, Russell, Savage, Scales, Shorter, Stanton,
Mile* Taylor, Thompson, TJiuh'iwood, Vallandigham,
Vance, Cadwalader C Washburn, Augustus R. Wright,
John V. Wright, and Zollieoffer—64.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
EMPLOYES OP THE HOUSE.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House to report, from the
Committee of Accounts, the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of Accounts be, and they
are hereby, authorized to audit, settle with, and allow, law-
ful oi reasonable compensation to all such persons as may
havft been actually employed In the service of the House
of Representatives during the present Congress; and that
all amounts so allowed by said committee shall be paid out
of any moneys, in tho Treasury that may have been appro-
priated for the miscellaneous or contingent expenses of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. MAYNARD. I object. That is simply
a House resolution, and moneys will not be paid
under it at the Treasury, for it is in contravention
of a statute.
Is debate in order ?
It is not.
Mr. BURNETT.
The SPEAKER.
Mr. BURNETT.
Mr. SPINNER.
Then I object.
I desire to say to the House,
that in consequpnce of the removal of the former
Doorkeeper, and in consequence of a resolution
of the House, which conflicts with a joint reso-
lution of the two Houses and the laws of Con-
gress, there is inextricable confusion about the
settlement of the accounts of the employes. We
do not know how they stand;, and the only way
to get out of the difficulty is to give the Com-
mittee of Accounts the right to settle them on
equitable principles. I feel no interest whatever
in it, and .have no friend who is to be benefited
by it.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to
know the necessity for tins resolution.
Mr. ADRAIN. 1 object.
Mr. MASON. It is saul that the pages will be
deprived of pay nnless the resolution be passed.
That is not so.
Mr. ADRAIN. Pages will lose their pay un-
less the resolution be passed.
