582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January
three, as the case may be, when an election goes
before the House of Representatives.
I repeat, I have acted with conventions because
there have generally been but two in the country.
Sometimes, to be sure, we have had an outside
candidate nominated; but I have acted with my
party and gone for the nominee of its convention.
I do not, however, admit the correctness of the
principle, nor do I admit the orthodoxy of the
resolution laid down at the Cincinnati convention,
■which I look upon as irresponsible to a very great
extent, and as being a resolution to control the
Democratic party.
Mr. President, after this digression, I will re-
turn to the line of my argument. I shall go against
the original bill, and against all the amendments.
I may vote for some of them in lieu of the original
bill, as a preference between the two. First, I
conceive, under the war-making power, it not
being necessary to exercise that power, it is not
necessary to exercise any one of the incidents
necessary and proper to carry it into effect. In
the next place, when you attempt to impose it
upon me as a measure of the Democratic party,
I do not recognize it as a measure of the Demo-
cratic party. I do not recognize it as a tenet or
article of faith of the Democratic party as laid
down by the Cincinnati convention.
But, if these two grounds were out of the way,
I should be opposed to it on the ground of expe-
diency. Instead of reading the sections of the
bill, I shall read from the remaiks of the distin-
guished Senator from California, m which he ex-
plains the sections of his bill, and take them as
being more lucid and conclusive than the sections
themselves. He says, in his speech made during
the last session of Congress, in explanation of this
bill:
" The fifth section requires the contracting pirty to pro.
ceed without delay to locate the general route o( the rend,
and to furnish the President with a mup of the ^niae. who
shall cause the public lands for lorry miles on each side el
the road to be surveyed,.-indtlie Indian titles thereto, if any,
extinguished. £t also cives the ri'^ht of preemption to the
landa not granted to the contracting party, but withholds
them from settlement until the lands granted are selected."
Now, I propose in my way to examine that
proposition. The President is authorized first to
make a contract with a corporation or individuals,
and then he is to cause all lands to be surveyed
within forty miles on each side of the road. On
this point, let mo advert to some other features of
the Cincinnati Democratic platform, if I may dig-
nify it with that appellation. There are some
things laid down in it which I approve heartily
and cordially. It admonishes the country against
monopolies; it admonishes the country against
class legislation, in substance; it admonishes the
country against corporations, and against the ex-
ercise of doubtful powers. Well, what do we
find here? According to this interpretation of
the fifth section of the bill, what does it provide?
That you shall make n contract with parties, and
if the contract is made, forty miles on each side
of the road shall be surveyed.
Another provision of the bill grants to the party
with whom the contract is made, each alternate
section for twenty miles on each snd  of the road.1
It further guaranties that even where the Indian
titles are not yet extinguished, this Government
is to go forward and extinguish the Indian titles to
promote and advance the interests of the company
with whom a contract may be made. Is not this a
monopoly? Is it not an enormous grant' If the
land is of no account, they cannot make the road;
if the lund is good, it*!s too much to grant. What
is the supposed length of this road ; According
to some surveys it is twenty-five hundred miles;
but I believe by none is itless than two thousand.
Let us take the shortest distance—two thousand
miles. We are to set apart and commence ex-
tinguishing the Indian titles to the land fortwenty
miles on each side, giving each alternate section
to the company. A grant of the alternate sec-
tions for twenty miles on each side would make
a solid belt twenty miles wide and two thousand
miles long. Well, if it is of 110 account; if it is
barren, sterile, arid, unproductive land, they can- j
not make the road with it. If it is rich, fertile, j
good land, lit for the habitation of man, it is too !
much to grant. Two thousand miles long and
■ ,'enty miles wide of the public land, are to go at
r ,ie single sweep ! Here is a grant to a company
of forty thousand square miles of territory, equal
to twenty-five million six hundred thousand acres
—think of it. We would goto war; we would fight
France, England, and every other maritime Power
upon God's habitable globe, if they were to make
a demand on u& for any of our territory; and here
we propose to give away forty thousand square
miles. There is not much difference between
monopolies and corporations *at home, and for-
eign Powers abroad, especially if they are mo-
narchical. Here is a grant of country two thou-
sand miles long and twenty miles wide—forty
thousand square miles. Goto the State from which
I come, with a population of a million, and what
is the area of her territory ? It is only forty-five
thousand square miles. Go to the great State of
New York, with a population of three millions,
and what is her area ? Forty-seven thousand
square miles. Go to Ohio, with a population of
two and a half millions,and her numberof square
miles is only thirty-nine thousand. Here, at a
single grant, at a single dash of the pen, the Con-
gress of the United States is to grant to a corpo-
ration a monopoly of enough territory to make a
sovereign State larger than the great State of Ohio,
and nearly as large as Tennessee or New York.
But, does the enormity of the thing stop here3
No. After you have granted to them absolutely
forty thousand square miles—and some portion
of it is said to be the best land on the face of the
earth, butother portions, I suppose,are notgood
—you grant them the preemption of the remain-
ing sections. So says the Senator from Califor-
nia, in his interpretation of the sections of this
bill. Think of it! Forty thousand square miles
absolutely, and a preemption right to as much
more! Take England, with her powerful navy,
the great Power of the commercial world, and the
principal Power of Europe, Fvance and Austria
not excepted, and the basis for her action is only
fifty thousand square miles. England, proud and
potent us she is, with a navy that keeps in terror
the civilized world, has only an area of fifty thou-
sand square miles upon which she operates; but,
at a single grant, the Congress of the United States
is prepared to give away the foundation of an em-
pire to a railroad company, or a party with whom
the Government may make a contract.
We see, then, Mr. President, how we are going
on; we see where the legislation of this country-
is tending. I know that when I refer to such
things, my strictures are attributed to early prej-
udice and training; but I speak great truths.
The tendency of the legislation of thi3 country is
to build up monopolies. The tendency of the
legislation of this country is to build up the money
power. The tendency of the legislation of this
country is to concentrate power in the hands of
the few. The tendency of the legislation of this
country is for classes, and again'st the great mass
of the people. How much legislation is done
here for the people? IIow much is done for in-
dividuals and classes? How much is done in all
the States for classes, and how much for the peo-
ple > Sir, of all your legislation here, a very small
proportion is for the great mass of the people,
while four fifths of it is for individuals and for
classes.
But the bill does not stop with grants of land
and a preemption right; it goes further. Here I
may remark that I prefer the bill of the Senator
from Mississippi to the original bill. The ori-
ginal bill merely proposes a beginning; the end no
mortal man now sees or understands. The Sen-
ator from California, in his explanation of the
bill, says:
" The seventh section provides that so soon as one sec-
tion of twenty-five miles of the road is completed, the Pres-
ident shalt cause to be issued to the eonti acting party
6't~,r>l)t) per mite of said section m United Slates bunds
bearing live per cent, interest, payable nineteen years from
date; and 111 like manner to cause the same amount of bonds
per mile to be issued for eactl succeeding section of twenty-
five miles, when completed, until the whole load is buill;
provided that the ablegate amount of bonds issued .-JiaJi
not exceed the sum of ^-30,000,000."
Will $25,000,000 be a beginning, if the Govern-
ment once embarks 111 a work of'this sort? Does
not every man here know that it will not? and
then after you have given the benefit of the Gov-
ernment obligations for |2o,000,000, how are they
to be paid ? On this point the Senator from Cal-
ifornia says:
11 It also provides that the amount of bonds thus issued,
with the interest on the eamo, shail be paid to the United
States by the transportation and scrvscc provided lor 111 tins
act. The committee were of the opinion that the amount
due for such ! er\iee within nineteen years would be tully
adequate, to pay the bonds, principal and interest, anil
hence they inserted that date fortheir payment; t mayalffo
be permitted to obs^rvo, tiutimietHPu yearn being supposed
to bo tin' tenn of h'-> of one aenciatio-i, it was nofiiKjpprp-
prnte to apply, m th<i building of this groat work, the ofdt
J':ffer->or.iau dnctnno. that s^neratioa^liould provide
for the p^ymehtof us own dfhu."
When we examine the letter of Air. Jefferson
here referred to, wo find that hp had l,p(>n looking
at some of the tables of mortality in Europe, a
he found that of the adult persons existing at any-
particular period of time, m nineteen years the
majority of those adult persons would have passed
from time to eternity. Hence he fixed nineteen
years as the duration of a generation of adults:
These bonds are to fall due in nineteen years,
presuming that by that time the price we are to
pay for carrying the mail will more than liquidate
the interest and the principal.
Well, suppose the road pays it; suppose we
take the interest and the principal both out of the
mail service: docs not the Government still owe
the money on the bonds? When your nineteen
years have expired, the other doctrine that Mr.
Jefferson wished to warn his countrymen against,
leaving debts to posterity, stands untouched. Carj-
not we understand this thing? We may bam-
boozle each other if we will; we may attempt to
bamboozle the people; but when we bring our
minds fo the proposition, we cannot he mistaken.
The proposition is to give the $25,000,000, and
the Government is to be paid in mail service, in-
terest and principal; but how is the Government
to pay the bonds? Have you any clause in this
biil saying where the Government is to get the
$23,000,000 from ? You issue bonds, create'debts,
and provide no way in which the d^bis are to be
paid. Isthat Mr, Jefferson's doctrine ? If that
was the doctrine taught by the illustrious Jeffer-
son, I confess that 1 have been so obtuse that I
have not understood it; but precisely the reverse
was the doctrine taught by him. We are doing the
precise thing he admonished us against, even in
this miniature proposition to expend §23,000,000.
Most of the estimates to construct the road put
its cost at over one hundred million dollars. Does
not every Senatorhere know, does notevery man
m the country know, that if the Government un-.
dertakes to construct this road, it will notstopat
§100,000,000, even if it stops at $200,000,000 ?
But, Mr. President, this is not all. After taking
out your ^25,000,000 in mail service, the duty on
the iron for a railroad twenty-five hundred miles
long, weighing sixty-eight or seventy-five pounds
to the yard, is not to be paid; but the first service
the road performs is to be used to liquidate the
duty on the iron, instead of creating revenue on
which the Government can subsist. Let me give
you the explanation of that provision by^the
Senator from California:
Tins action !iUo pi ovidea, that if th« railroad iron ii«er|
in the con?ti net ion of the rond t>hnll be imported, the duties
of the Nime will not he lequued to he paid in advance, but
the amount s-hall bedolticud limn the fir.it teivice per-
formed for tli<1 Government under the act."
Here is an absorption of the means that ought
to be derived by the Treasury from the iron used
in this road. Well, look at it. Forty millions
of square miles are granted absolutely; forty mil-
lions more preempted; $23,000,000 thrown out,
and all the duty on iron taken from the Treasury of
the United Slates, and yet you say it is no enor-
mous proposition; it is going to save expenditure !
in another portion of the speech of the Senator
from California, he says it is j^oing to reduce the
expenses of the War Department. From eighteen
to twenty-five million dollars are now required for
the War Department, putting it at the outside
limit, and we think' that is extravagant; but if the
Government constructs this road, what will be the
cost of it? Look at the history of railroads in the
United States, and be not impatient in reference
to the construction of railroads. Since 1828, the
States have constructed about thirty thousand
miles of railroad. We ought not to be impatient.
I am a progressive Democrat, but I am for pro-
gressing within the prescribed limits of the Con-
stitution and the jaw. Ought we to be impatient,
when your States since 1823 have constructed
thirty thousand miles of railroad ? 1 believe the
globe is only twenty-seven thousand miles round,
and we, from 1828 up to the present time, have
constructed enough railroad to bound the globe,
and to stait a tunnel through the ccnter; and still
we are impatient at our slow progress in the con-
struction of railroads. There is some talk about
