A#64
THE 'CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 165, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Ahl. Arnold, Avery,
Barksdale, Barr, Dennett, Bilhnghurst, Bingham, Bishop,
Blair, Bliss, Bonham, Bowie, lioyce, Branch, Brayton,
Bryan, Buffintoii, Burhngame, Otirtis, Case, Caskte, Cava-
naugh. Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark,
John B. Clark, Clawson, Clay, Clark B. Cochrane, John
Cochrane, Cockenli, Colfax, Comins, Coining, Covode,
Cbx, Cra2in,JamesCiaig, Curtis, Davidson, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Mas-
sachusetts Davis of Iowa, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dimmiek,
JDodd, Durfee, Edmundaoti, Elliott, Farnsworth, Faulkner,
Fenton, Florence? Foley, Foster, Gillie, Oilman, Gilmer,
Goocfi, Goodwin, Greenwood, Gregg, Grover, Grow, Law-
rence W.'Hall, Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Ilatch, Hawkins,
Hoard, Hodges, Horton, Howard, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson,
Jewclt, Owen Jones, Keim, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Jacob
M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy,Leidy, Loiter,
Lovejoy,Maelay, McRae, Humphrey Marshall, Snmurl S.
Marshall, Matteson, Miles, Miller, Million, Montgomery,
Morgan, EdwardJoy Moms, I&aacN. Morris, Freeman H.
Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Niblack, Nichols, Ohn,
Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Peyton, William VV. Phelps, Phil-
lips, Potter,'Pottle, Powell, Reagan, Reillv,Rieaud, Ritchie,
Robbins,"Roberts, Royce, Russell,Sandidgc, Savage, Scott,
Seward, Aaron Shaw,-Shorter, Robert Smith, Samuel A.
Smith, Spinner, Stanton, James A Stewait, William Stew-
art, Tappan, George Tavlor, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins,
Underwood, Wade, Walbudge, Waldion, Walton, Ward,
Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wa^hburno, Israel
Washburn, Watkms, White, WIntcley, Wood, Woodson,
Wortendyke.and Augustus R. Wught—16f>.
NAYS—Mfssrs. Arkms, Cobh, Crawford, English, Gar-
trell, Hickman, Hopkins, IJou-ton, Gooigc W Jones,
Leach, Letcher, Mason, Maymud, Moore, Ready, Riilliit,
Scales', Henry M. Shaw, William Smith, Stevenson, Miles
Taylor, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffcr— 22.
So the rules were "suspended.
Mr, KUNKEL, of Maryland, moved the pre-
vious question on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the resolution
was adopted.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the resolution was adopt-
ed *> and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. "DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled an act (II. R.
No. 890) making appropriation for the payment
of the expenses of investigating committees and
for other purposes; when the Speaker signed the
fiaftie.
WASHINGTON AQUEDUCT.
Mr. DODD, from the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
House bill No. 889, in reference to the supply of
water to the cities of Washington and George-
town, reported that the Senate had agreed to re-
cede from the amendments to the bill disagreed to
Ethe House, and to concur in the bill of the
>use with the following amendments:
Strike out the words " civil engineer," and insert in Iteu
thereof the words<k otfieerof the United Status eoips o( en-
gineers. "
Strike out the vvoids " sum of $'3,000 per annum,"' and
insert in heu theieof the words 4< no more than his regular
pay as officer of the corps."
After some other verbal alterations, insert the
following flection:
Sec. y. Be it further cnactcd, That the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, respectively, shall have pown to
estahla.li a complete system ofseweiage, in additional ex-
ecution of the provision* ot this act.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to submit
a question of order on the report of the committee
of conference. The committee was appointed on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses. They
propose, as I understand it, to add matter which
was not in controversy, and which was not a
subject upon which a conference was asked or
granted.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman is mistaken.
The section which has been added by the com-
mittee was a part of the substitute adopted by the
Senate.
Tiie SPEAKER. That is the understanding
of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The report says
that they add an additional section.
The SPEAKER. Composed, in part, of one of
the sections of the Senate bill.
Mr. DODD. That is the fact.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then it ojjght to
be in lieu of the Senate's amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
committee of conference determined to report to
the House a section that would be acceptable to
both Houses, in lieu of the sections which the
Senate had incorporated.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The report does
not show that. It merely says, add a section to
the bill.
Mr. DODD. I demand the previous question
on the adoption of the report.
Mr. SEWARD. Can we have a separate vote
on the several amendments?
The SPEAKER. The report is an entirety,
and the question will be on its acceptance or re-
jection.
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the House will not
sustain the previous question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to make
an inquiry.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I objeat.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I merely wish to
understand the report.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object to de-
bate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then t move to
lay the report upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the report was adopted.
Mr. DODD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the. report was adopted; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARGES OF CORRUPTION.
Mr. NICHOLS. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I desire to call up the report of the select
committee appointed by the House to investigate
charges against a member of the Committee of
Accounts. I will say to the House, in order to
relieve all uneasiness in regard to other business,
that I propose, after devoting about three min-
utes to an explanation of the report, to call the
previous question, and a*>k immediate action. I
do not wish to consume time. I ask for the read-
ing of the report.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I desire to ask
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Nrcnoi.s] to give
me the floor for a moment, until 1 can get the
House to appoint an hour for the consideration
of the report and resolutions of the select commit-
tee appointed to investigate the accounts of the
late Superintendent of Public Printing. It is ne-
cessary for this House to consider the same.
Mr. NICHOLS, The gentleman from New
York will understand me distinctly that I would
do him a kindness as readily as any member of
the House; but I have not a right to make the
concession he asks, occupying the position I do
here, and I must, therefore, respectfully decline.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I am anxious
to have this matter brought before the House. It
is necessary to have it considered.
Mr. NICHOLS. I have no doubt of that.
Every gentleman here is anxious to press his par-
ticular business. I call for the reading of the
report.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
The select committee, appointed under a resolution of
the House of Febiuaiy IS. 18o9, to inquire into the truth of
certain charges against a member ot the Committee of Ac-
counts of ihe House of Rcpie^entatives, which resolution is
in the woids following, to wit:
'• Whereas, m the em res*pondence of the New York Daily
! Tiim'j. M«ned ' S,'under date ol the i(ith of Ftbiuary, A.
j I) )Sr>lK (as also in the correspondence ot other papers,) it
is chained that a member of the Committee of Accounts of
! tliis  House made a bargain to receive money as a con>ulcr-
! ation lui pacing claims sa said committee, and that snbs-o-
: quently the said member demanded the consideration for
; said M-iv'ice ; and wheieas it is fin ther alleged that a mem-
1 bet of Niul eonmntloe compelled claimants, before said com-
i mutee to agree to give a poi turn of the bilU before said eont-
I mutee m consideiation of their allowance by the same:
'• Thereloie,
. j iL Beit rc*olvc(*, That a committee of five members he ap-
; [ pointed by the Speaker to investigate said charge or charges;
|j ;>aid committee to repoit before the close ot the presentses-
:! sion ol Congress "—
i! l?eg leave to repoit:
i! The committee, in executing the order of this House,
II brought heroic them the witnesses whoso testimony is here-
,1 with appended. Very eaily m the examination or the first
j! witness, Mr. Thomson, it was developed that John A. Sear-
jj ing. a member ot tin#. House from the State of New York,
! i and chairman of the Committee of Accounts of this House,
was the individual alluded to in the correspondence of the
New York Daily Times, upon which this investigation was
based. So soon as this tact was elicited, the committee', by
a unanimous vote, determined to suspend the examination
until Mr. Searing could be informed that he was at liberty
to attend the examination, and to confront the witnesses
implicating him, and that he had the permission of the com-
mittee to cross-examine the witnesses upon any point sub-
mitted to them, if he desired so to do.
Mr. Searing accordingly appeared before the committee,
but declined to cross-examine, expressing a desire that the
committee should cohduct the entire examination.
The House will per'ceive that the examination took a
wide range, and that hearsay testimony, and testimony not
in strict accordance with the principles of evidence, was
admitted against Mr. Searing, and is submitted with this
report. All of this, however, was admitted, subject to ob-
jeciion by Mr. SeaRing, He, however, signified hrs assent
to the mode of procedure adopted by the committee, and
expressed a desne that the examination mightproceed with
the largest latitude.
Upon examination, it will be found that the witness,
Fitzhugh, swears that he offered to Mr. Searing the sum of
$400 in consideration of his service# on the Committee of
Accounts in pa^nu* his claim of $3,623 75, which offei, as
he alleges, Mr. Searing accepted ; and subsequently, upon
the allowance of the account, as hereinafter stated, de-
manded the payment of the §400 by the witness, but that
no money was ever paid Mr. Searing. The account, as
allowed, was for the sum of $6,325, being a deduction of
twenty three per cent, upon the original amount of the bill;
and the evidence shows that, in committee, Mr. Searing
favored the reduction.
If Fitzhugh is to be believed, Mr. Searing is guilty; there
| is no other evidence upon which a conclusion of guilt can
re^t. What degree of credit should attach to the testimony
of Fitzhugh, the committee do not attempt to decide. It
is a question for the House alone.
The committee are of opinion, however, that, upon the
whole ease, the evidence would not warrant the conviction
of Mr. Searing of the offense charged.
As the resolution of the House only directs an investiga-
tion and a report duung Hie present session, without recom-
mending any specific action, this report might be closed
here. It is due, however, to the other members of the
Committee of Accounts to state that no cliargc has been
made, or 'faet elicited, against them, or any one of them.
On the contiary, it is distinctly proved that their conduct
in connection with the organization of this Hou.se has been
chmacteriacd by strict integrity, and by a pound regard tor
economy. In the language of oneof the witnesses,'' there
is no charge oi rumor against them and, from the testi-
mony, your committee, to adopt the language of the same
witness, will conclude by saying that u there is no breath
of suspicion affecting their character or action."
In ail matters pertaining to the examination of the subject
referred to them, your committee have been unanimous in
their conclusions.
The committee herewith report the following resolution:
Resolved, That upon a review of all the testimony taken
m the mattei of the charge against John A. Searing, a mem-
ber of this House fiom the State of New York, and chair-
man of the Committee of Accounts, the evidence would
not warmnt a conviction, nor subject him to expulsion.
All of which is lOhpecilully submitted.
M H NICHOLS, Chairman.
WARREN WINSLOW,
CLARK B. COCHRANE,
GEORGE EUSTIS, Jr..
WILLIAM G. WHITELEY.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am directed to report a res-
olution m addition to the one which has been read,
providing for paying the account of the stenog-
rapher employed by the committee to report thQ
testimony taken by them. I will state that the
amount is very small. The whole expenses of
the committee do not exceed $150. I report the
following resolution:
Rcsohcd, That the Committee of Accounts ofthis Hot^se
be allowed to audit the bill oi the stenographer who reported
the testimony in this case, at the late paid for the official
reports ot this House. s
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to discuss this
report at any considerate length; but I wish to
state this fact in conn^Ron with it: that since
the testimony has been printed, I have, in mak-
ing up my own opinion, arrived at this deliberate
conclusion. I propose to offer no amendment to
the resolution which has been reported by the
committee; but at the same time, my deliberate
judgmentis, in justice to the gentleman from New
York, the resolution ought to have gone further,
and exonerated him; and I am authorized to say
that at least one member of the committee, Mr.
Winslow, concurs with me in that opinion. I
!' propose, however,as I said, no change in the re-
jj port of the committee. I say this, however, in
jj addition: that when the resolution organizing the
j' committee was passed, I had had no right to know
! who was implicated. But, sir, I did know, from
!l other sources outside, that the gentleman from
New York was the member pointed at in the
charges which were made.
The force in the Clerk's office have, to some
extent, been involved in the examination of the
committee; but it is but justice to the Clerk to say
that, so far as any connected with his office are
concerned, the committee found nothing wrong.
