THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
- Til? SPEAKER. la there objection to taking
uff the'biff?" ;
- tMrv.'BEAN, I object.
i Mi;:-PHELPP, of Missouri. Then I move to
suspenjd.tiie rule's: , " _
Sfe./D^VIDSON.. I desire to say to my friends
ijrtHe Sott^ej that I have been instructed to in-
forn ihe.,Speaker«nd the House, that the Presi-
dent v.-ji! not" examine or sign any private bills
passed .after this time.
" Mr; PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
ffom Pennsylvania [Mr. Grow] desires to submit
a question of order.. I am willing that he should
suotxiit:it.:
^ Mr, SEWARD. I object to debate.
%The question-was taken; and there were, on
division—ayes' 104, noes 9.
-So. (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended; and tbe Senate amendments to
the Post Office appropriation bill were taken from
tW Speaker's table.
. Mi> PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
amendments be referred to the Committee of the
'V^ho.la on the state of the Union.
; Mr. GROW. I rise to what seems to me a
privileged-question. 1 do not propose to discuss
tBia question, but 1 want to state it, and have the
House act upon it. Section seven, article one,
of the Constitution, provides that all bills for rais-
ing revenue shall originate in the House of Rep-
resentatives. I propose now to offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That House bill No. 872, making appropriations
for defraying the expenses of the Po.st Oflice Department
for the year ending3oili June, I860, with the Senate nmrnd-
raenta thereto, be returned to the Senate, as section thirteen
of said amendments, is in the nature of a revenue hill.
I want to state the reason for this resolution.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 object to de-
bate, except it is in order.
Mr. GROW, It was part of the arrangement
made by the gentleman from Missouri, that I
should have the privilege of making a statement:
otherwise the rules could not have been sus-
pended.
Mr.'DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.
Mr. GROW. I have a right to statu my point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman has the right.
Mr. GROW. 1 hold the course I propose is
the proper one, when one House thinks us priv-
ileges have been invaded by the other. The thir-
teenth section of the amendments of the Senate,
referred to in my resolution, provides for raising
the postages. The postages are collected and paid
into the Treasury, and we appropriate them, the
same as any other revenue, for defraying the ex-
pense's of the Department. The postages for
oceah mail service are collected in the same way,
and paid tnto the Treasury. So that this kind of
revenue, I take it, comes within that clause of
the Constitution- which prohibits the Senate from
originating revenue bills. 1 can see no difference
between collecting ten cents on a letter and col-
lecting ten cents on broadcloth. In the one case
the duty is collected from the citizens who con-
sume the imported goods. Hut suppose a citizen
does not consume any imported goods: then lie is
not taxed; and so the person who sends no letters
through tbe mails is not taxed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I insist on the
point of order. The gentleman is debating his
proposition.
'I he SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania has aright to debate
his proposition, the previous question not having
been demanded.
Mr. GROW. I shall be through in a minute.
I desire to state my point fully.
Mr. SEWARD. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. SEWARD. When a similar question arose
the other day, the Chair ruled me down impera-
tively and positively.
Tbe SPEAKER. The difference between the
occasion referred to by the gentleman and the
present one, according to the recollection of the
Chair, is this: on thatoccasion a motion was pend-
ing to suspend the rules; and, as the question of
order arose when there was an undebatable mo-
tion pending, it was therefore not debatable. But,
in this case, the Chair thinks that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania has-a right to debate the ques-
tion,
Mt\ HOUSTON. I would like, with the per-
mission of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, to
ask him a question, in the direct line of his argu-
ment.
Mr. GROW. Qertainly.
Mr. HOUSTON. -I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether it is notcompetent for the Senate to
originate a bill proposing to bring unsold lands
into market, and direct their sale? And I desire
to ask him if it is not competent for the Senate to
originate a bill increasing the minimum price of
the public lands from $125 per acre to any greater
sum they may see fit?
Mr. GROW. The first part of the gentleman's
question I answer in the affirmative; but the last
part of it in the negative. The Senate cannot
originate a bill increasing the price of the public
lands, for that is a source of revenue to the Gov-
ernment. If they can do that, they can originate
a bill to raise levenue in any other way.
But, sir, I did not rise to argue the question,
but merely to state my point. This thirteenth
section proposes to increase the present rates of
postage to five cents, and, in some cases, to ten
cents; which would increase the taxation on those
who use the mails. Now, I take it that that is
just exactly the same as if they were to attempt
to raise the tariff on imported goods, and increase
the taxes on those who consume them. 1 can see
no distinction between the two cases. Without
further remark, I ask for a vote on my resolu-
tion.
Mr. RITCHIE. I desire to say that I never
will consent to see the Speaker of this Mouse de-
cide questions of the constitutional power of the
House as points of order, and say whether we
shall receive bills from the Senate, or not. It is
putting the whole constitutional power of this
House in the hands of the Speaker. It is a ques-
tion for the House to decide, what is its own con-
stitutional power; and I would trust no Speaker
with any such power.
Mr. GROW. I thought the understanding
was, that we were to have a vote on my resolu-
tion, as a question of the privileges of the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I think the point
of order has been well answered by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ritchie.] The
section of the Constitution to which the gentle-
man refers is not applicable to any case of this
kind. That section of the Constitution is in these
words:
"• All hills for raising revenue shall originate in the House
of Rt'fmventativof! 5 but the .Senate may piopooe or concur
with amendments, us on other bills."
That scction undoubtedly proscribes that bills
for raisins: revenue, such as are enumerated in
the first clause of the eighth section of the Con-
stitution, must originate in the House of Repre-
sentatives. That scction reads as follows:
'• The Confess Muill have power to lay and collect
taxes, dune*, imports, and excise.-*."
TI10 amendment of the Senate provides for no
taxes upon the people, as contemplated by the
section of the Constitution conferring upon Con-
gress the power of raising; taxes. But we look to
the public lands as a source of revenue; and wc
look to the deduction from the pay of mariners
for the purpose of supporting marine hospitals, as
a portion of the revenue, as well as to the post-
ages. If the point made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania be correct, then the Senate has no
power to provide for the sale of the public lands,
because they are a source of revenue; the Senate
have no right to provide for imposing light dues
or tonnage dues, and has no light tu provide for
a deduction from the wages of seamen for the
support of marine hospitals, because, in his opin-
ion, they would be bills raiding revenue.
Mr. GROW. I propose this as a question of
the privileges of the House under the Constitu-
tion, and not as a point of order, as gentlemen
say.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will not debate
the question further. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. GROW. I suppose the Speaker will, at
least, submit the question to the House, whether
this is a question of privilege or not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
gentleman is entitled toa vote upon his resolution;
but the difficulty which the Chair has, is as to
priority; whether the motion to commit will take
precedence of the resolution or not.
Mr. GROW. It would defeat th£ object of the
resolution to give priority to the motion to com-
mit.
The SPEAKER. The bill with the. Senate
amendments has been taken from the Speaker's
table. The, gentleman from Missouri moves to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania raises the question, that the Se^at#,
by a particular section of the amendments, nas
invaded the privileges of the House. The Chair
supposes that the proposition of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is properly submitted, and
that the question will have to be first taken upon
that proposition.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man from Missouri to withdraw the derriand, for
the previous question, to enable me to submit the
following amendment:
Strike out all after the word u resolved," and insert:
That the amendment of House bill (No. 872) making
appropriations for the expenses of the Po*t Office Depart-
ment, lor the year ending June 30, I860, increasing the rates
of postage, is not a violation of that clause of the Constitu-
tion which requires that all bills for raxing the revenues
shall be originated m the House of Representatives.
Mr. PHELPS. Very well; I withdraw the
demand for the previous question for that purpose,
and renew it again,
Mr. GROW. Do I understand that the gen-
tleman from Missouri admits that amendment?
That is not in accordance with the understanding
entered into; which was, that I should have a vote
directly upon my amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Would a motion
to lay the resolution on the table carry the bill
with it >
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. He
thinks one is independent of the other.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move, then, to
lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. GROW. I demand the yeas and nays
upon that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 80, nays 106; as follows;
YEAS—-Messrs. Adrain, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bair,
Boeock, Bonham, Bowie, Bo>ce, Branch, Biyan, Burnett,
Bums, Ca<kie, John B. CI.irk, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane,
James Ciaig, Cravvfoid, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dowdell, Edmund^on, English, Foley, Garnett, Gar-
trell, Gieenvvood,Gregg,Giovei, Lawrence VV. Hall, [law-
kins Hodges, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Huvler, Jackson,
Jenkins, (*oorg« W. Jon^a., Keitt, Jacob AT. Kunkel, Lamar,
Letehei, Maolay, McQueen, McRae, Samuel S. Marshall,
Mas-on, Mile*, Millson. Moore, NibJaek, Peyton, John S.
Phelps, Ready, Reagan, Rutlin, Sandidge, Scales, Sevvaid,
Aaron Shaw. Homy M. Shaw, Shoiter, Singleton, Robert
Smith, William Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewart,
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Ward, Watkins. Whiteley,
Wmslow, Woodson, Woitendyke, Augustus R. Wright,
and John V. Wright—80.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Ahl, Andrews, Bennett, Bishop,
Blan, Bits?, Brayton, Buftmton, BurUngame, Chaffee,Chap-
man, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark, dawson, Clark B.
Cochrane, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cox, Cragih, Curtis,
Davis ol Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts, Davisoflowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Diinmick, Dodd, Durfee, Fen-
ton, Florence, Foster, Gilhs Gdman, Gilmer, Gooeh, Good-
win, Groesbeck, Grow, Robert B. Hall,-Harris, Hatch,
Hickman, Hoard, Houon, Howard, Owen Jones, Kcmi,
Kelscy, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Leidy,
Leitei,Lovejoy, Melvibbin, Humphrey Marshall, Mauesoii,
Maynaid, Montgomery, Morgan,Morrill, Edward JoyMor-
ris, l.sauc N. Moiris, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Ohn, Palmer,
Parker, Pendleton, Pettn, Phillip*, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Reilly, Ricaud. Ritchie, Roteggg, fcoyce, Russell, Savage,
John Sherman, Jud on W. 'efftermau, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart, Thaver, Thompson, Tompkins, Under-
wood, Vallandiirham, Vance, Wade, Walbndge, Waldron,
Walton. Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu JB. Washburue,
Israel Washburn, and Zollicofler—106.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table
During the call of the roll,
Mr. JEWETT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Case, who had been called to one of the
Departments. If he (Mr. Jewett) were at lib-
erty to vote, he should vote <{ ay."
Mr. HARLAN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. John Cochrane.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I
would be very willing that the question should
be taken directly on the resolution, without any
further discussion, and I moved the previous
question for that purpose; but I want gentlemen
to understand that, if this resolution is passed,
and the bill returned to the Senate, the Post Office
appropriation bill will probably be lost. I (ft the
bill is considered in the House, or in the Com-
mittee of the Whole, the vote of the House may
be had upon every amendment of the Senate, and
