#84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
.. January 25,
ton. There is where your danger is. It is not in
the centrifugal power being too great, but the
centripetal influence is drawing all here.
1 recur back to my proposition: let the States
go on as they have been going on, settling; up the
new lands, making settlement after settlement,
making improvement after improvement, as the
wants of the "country demand, and in the process
of time our populations on each slope will reach
each other, they will come together, and a union j
can be 'made without this Government being in-
volved in bringing it about. If the time should
l come, as some have anticipated, when these States
will be-dissolved, so far from such a road as this
being a cohesive tie, or having any adhesion in
it, it would be no more than a rope of sand; its
own weight would tumble it to pieces. Instead
of being a'tie, it would almost operate in the op-
posite direction. But, on the other hand, while it
would not hold the States together if they were
disposed to go off, we see in the expenditure of
money for contracts, leading to frauds, the danger
in reference to the power of this Federal Govern-
ment.
I have occupied more time, Mr. President, than
I intended, for my intention was not to ha- e said
a single word on this Subject; but as the proposi-
tion has been brought forward, and assumed the
shape it has, and especially as one seems designed
for my own latitude, I have no disguises to make
about it. I did not care about the bill passing
without indicating what my course is; and, so
far as the various propositions are concerned, I
have, m my way, pointed out their dangers; but I
do not think there is any probability of accom-
plishing the proposition offered by the honorable
Senator from Tennessee. 1 think it is merely
thrown in as a kind of safety-valve by which the
qivsiiqn can pass off, and nothing be done with
it; but if it is to be treated seriously, and fixed on
the country, I think 1 have pointed out, to some
extent, the consequences resulting from it. h'lrst,
lam against its constitutionality. 1 do not believe
it is necessary and proper, in order to carry out
the war-making power, to construct a Pacific rail-
road now. In the next place, I am against it on
the score of expediency; and at the present time
it does not seem to me that the proposition ought
to bo entertained at all.
In coming forward with these propositions, I
will remark, we ought to come forward with the
ways and means by which the money is to be
raised to meet the liabilities we are about to incur.
I lay it down as a safe rule of legislation, and
especially m a free Government, that when you
are going to create a great national debt, it should
be first submitted to the people, and lei. them con-
sider it. Public opinion has not passed upon this i
project. I know gentlemen may say the country
is for it. Sir, the great mass of the people of the
United States have never entertained the propo-
sition in its true light. It has not been discussed;
it has not been understood. They do not know
the enormous extent to which the proposition
leads, and consequently they are not for it when
they do not understand it.
When you are going to create a great debt, State
or national, the soand doctrine is first to submit
it to the people. They have the taxes to pay; and
after they have determined that the debt shall be
created, when you create the debt you should pro-
vide the waysand means by which it is to be. paid.
IIo wis this debt'to be paid ? Is there any provision
for its payment in the bill ? Where is the money
to come from ? It must cither come by direct tax-
ation from the people, or indirectly by the opera-
tion of your tariff, and your tariff system is now
adjusted so that the receipts are falling short of
the wants of the Government. Where is the in-
terest of the $100,000,000 to come from, or the
#100,000,000 itself? Where is the $25,000,000
proposed in this bill to come from ? You get in
debt and issue the obligations of the Government;
Treasury notes, Government stocks, and high
tariffs for protection, are to follow.
.ThisGovernment was inaugurated in 1789, and
since it has been in operation it has gone on and
cieated debts, until now the debts of the State
and Federal and municipal governments amount
together to over #400,000,000. Look at the debt
of Great Britain, nearly $4,000,000,000. At the
same rate of creating indebtedness, before this
country is half as old as Great Britain, wo shall
have a debt three times as large. We point our
children to the injustice of the British system; we
point them to the British national debt, and tell
them that it is a means by which an aristocracy
is sustained on money extorted from the hard
earnings of the great mass of the people. Sir,
we arc in our swaddling clothes as a nation; and
before we are one tenth as old as England, we will
have as much debt in proportion as she has.
Should we not provide for these things? Cannot
we reason from cause to effect ? Can we not see
the inevitable result? We are alarmed and hor-
rified at the debt of Great Bri tain, but our march is
more rapid than hers was in the creation of a great
public debt. The entire national debt of all the
Europgan Government is about §10,000,000,000.
At the rate at which we are going, before we are
as old as Great Britain we shall have a debt equal
to that now owed by all the European Powers.
I ask, again, where is this money to come from?
who is to pay it? Where is the wisdom of the
Legislature in creating debts and providing no
means by which they are to be paid? Is this the
doctrine of Jefferson, who denied the right of the
living to create debts, and hand them down as an
inheritance to posterity? Is this thedgctrine of
Jefferson, who denied to the living, so far as soil
was concerned, all title to it except the usufruct?
Is this the doctrine that has been taught by the
aposiles of Democracy? Is this the doctrine that
has been taught by the strict constructionists ?
Is this the doctrine that has been taught by the
great Democratic party as it once was in the Uni-
ted States ? If so, I am free to confess that my
understanding of the teachings of the Democratic
party has been wrong. I know that parties have
got somewhat jumbled up, so that, as the saying
is, we can hardly tell one from t'other, or t'other
from both; but I trust that there is enough pure
Democracy left to form a nucleus around which
a constitutional party may rally"—a party that is
for standing by the Constitution of the country,
and for making such alterations in that.instru-
ment as the wants and necessities of the people
may point out, and as are authorized by the Con-
stitution itself. 1 have sometimes despaired, it is
true, and thought that a pure, unadulterated Dem-
ocrat, was rather a scarce article; and I confess it
is a little refreshing to strike one now that is
sound in all his fundamentals. It is to me like
an oasis in the desert to a wayworn traveler,
seeking a little water with which to -quench his
thirst. When I come across one of these true men
of the people, whose sympathies and talents and
energies are devoted to the amelioration and ele-
vation of the great mass of the people, it is as re-
freshing to me as an oasis in the desert is to the
wayworn traveler. I have almost thought, at
some times, that, a man of that description was
about as hard to find as an honest man in olden
tunes in the days of Diogenes, when in mid-day
he lighted a lantern to go in search of an honest
man. 1 hope that there are a few more sincere,
pure Democrats left than there were honest men
in his day, according to his version of honesty.
Mr. President,let us reject these propositions;
let us kick them out of Congress; let us get to the
legitimate legislation of the country; let us give
the people protection arfd legislation within the
prescribed limits of the Constitution. All the
legislation that is necessary is little. The require-
ments of the Government are few. Let us direct
our legislation in that way which conforms to the
wants of the people, and not to speculation. Let
us take our legislation m that direction that will
protect the great mass of the people in their hon-
est vocations; and, if we do that, we need not
legislate half as much as wo do. The great fault
and difficulty is that we legislate too much; and
one half our legislation is an impediment and ob-
struction thrown in the way of the laws of nature,
preventingour people from conforming their action :
and conduct to great fundamental laws. Let your
Government take as little from the people as pos-
sible; permit them to enjoy their own industry;
protect them in their pursuits; let the people be-
come rich, and let your Treasury keep poor. I
am glad n is empty. 1 am not sure that I shall
vote to borrow a dollar. I think it is a fortunate
thing for the country that it is drained, that it is
reduced; for the idea has got predominant here—
I was going to say irrespective of party-—that the
way to got popular and the way to get power is
by the expenditure of large sums of money. That
is the channel in which popularity runs here.
I am not a military man; I wish I was a good
one; but I have heard the idea advanced that if
you want to reduce a garrison, starve them out,
and you will bring them to submission. Retrench-
ment and reform can never be brought about in
this Government, unless it is headetf by the Ad-
ministration. I am glad the necessity has-come
for retrenchment. I am glad the necessity has
arrived for reduction in the expenditures of the ,
Government. Let the people learn that the ex-
penditures of this Government can be reduced by
taking taxes off them, instead of increasing their
taxes; that the wants of the Government can' be
met by beginning at the other end of the line, and
by reducing, retrenching, lopping, cutting off, un-
necessary expenditures of the Government. I
honestly believe here to-day that instead of creat-
ing tnore debt, instead of imposing additional
taxes on the people, instead of extortingmore from
their toil and from their sweat, this Government
can be administered upon $50,000,000, inordinary
times, purer, better, and more efficiently than it is
now upon seventy-five or eighty-one million dol-
lars. The very depletion, the very'reduction,
would carry health, vigor, and honesty into the
various departments of the Government; it would
cut off sinecures; it would take off excrescences;
it would remove hangers-on, dependents, who are
swarming around the Government seeking for
place and money and speculation.
The time has arrived for reform. We can see
from the indications thrown out by the chairman
of the Committee on Finance, in the resolutions
that have been introduced, and we can see it from
the indications in the President's message, and
the depletion of the Treasury. We must begin
at the right end of the line. I am in hopes that
this depiction will be kept up, at -least until the
expenditures of this Government are brought
down to that point at which they are honest,
healthy, and economical. I know that sometimes
when we get up and talk about expenditures,
there are obstacles in our way. It may be said
that I am a plebeian, and have made my way here
from the ranks. Some gentlemen may say I con-
tracted my prejudices there. I am a plebeian, and
I am proud of it. I know there are others who
can boast of more favored circumstances; that
they have lived in the midst of affluence; that they
have had parents who could extend to them all
the facilities, all the comforts, and all the means
seemingly necessary to give a man position in
society in modern times. I know I cannot boast
of these things; others may boast of them; I have
no objection. All I regret is, that I had not a fair
chance with them; but on the other hand, not to
be egotistical, I thank God Almighty that he has
endowed me -with physical power, and with a
tolerably healthy brain. I care more for the ap-
proval of my conscience, than for all this little,
pettifogger flattering that runs around Senators,
telling them " you nave done this, and you have
done that,and you are so well informed, you un-
derstood the subject," and all that sort of thing.
I care not for that. The approval of the Author
of my existence is far more flattering to me than
all your fulsome stuff that may be heaped and
brought about by influence and money.
It is very often said, "Oh, it is very easy to see
why it is such a gentleman, such a Senator, or
such a member is parsimonious; it is on account
of his origin;* he is contracted; he is limited in
his views; he has not been raised so as to take a
comprehensive and statesmanlike view of such
things." Some proceed upon the idea that a man
of this description is to be regarded as though
he had been ensconced in a rock for a thousand
years, like a toad that remains torpid and totally
insensible of thought or action. The torpidity
is on the other side; the stupidity is there, on
account of the want of necessity to arouse^ to
effort or action. While I am for an economical
and rigid administration o^ the Government, I am
not for a parsimonious administration. I am not
for a narrow, contracted administration; but I am
for an honest and liberal administration, upon
principles that will come up to and meet the wants
of the country.
I have said more, Mr. President, than I in4
tended to say. I have indicated, I think, pretty
clearly that I am against this bill, that I shall vote
against it, and, if necessary, I shall speak against
it. When 1 start, if I get clearly under way, I
am very apt to go through. In doing so, I repu-
