1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iem
a division may be had in reference to this thir-
teenth section between the clause increasing the
rate of postage, and the clause abolishing the
franking privilege. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to inquire
whether the gentleman withdrew his demand for
the previous question to permit the gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Jones] to offer his amend-
ment?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Yes, sir.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will announce
that, if the previous question be seconded and the
main question ordered, the question will be first
upon the amendment of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee, then upon the resolution, when the Chair
will hold that it has exhausted itself.
Mr. GROW, 1 think it was hardly in accord-
ance with the understanding that I should have a
vote directly upon my resolution, upon which
understanding we agreed that the bill should be
taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I had no such
understanding.
Mr. GROW. Very well; I will have no mis-
understanding when the next appropriation bill
comes to be taken from the Speaker's table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I had no such
understanding. In conversation this morning I
understood the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
desire to make a point of order, to which I as-
sented. I did not know that there was any under-
standing that the gentleman should have a direct
vote on his resolution.
Mr. GROW. That was certainly my under-
standing. There are other bills to come up, and
I shall see that there is no misunderstanding m
future. I am not disposed to bo factious 111 refer-
ence to these appropriation bills; but I gi\e notice
that, if this understanding is not earned out, I
will not give my consent to take any other bill
from the Speaker's table.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I do not see
any necessity for insisting upon this resolution.
I understand that the House may have a separate
vote upon each of the Senate amendments.
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to a question of order.
The amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Tennessee is simply the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania reversed. It is the
lesolution itself turned the other end foremost;
and I submit that it is not in order.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Tennessee that he withdraw his
proposition, and allow the vote to be taken di-
rectly upon the resolution of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania. It amounts to the same thing.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I offered that
amendment without intimation or suggestion
from, or conference with, any one. I was not
aware that it would be construed ay in violation
of any understanding on the part of the gentleman
from Missouri and the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania. As the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
however, construes u to be in violation of such
an understanding, I will withdraw it.
Mr- PHELPS, of Missouri. I will say, in
reference to the understanding, that it was, on my
part, simply that the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia should have the opportunity to make his prop-
osition m the shape of a question of order, to be
decided by the House. 1 absented to that prop- |
osition.
The resolution was again read.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the Sen-
ate, to which the resolution refers, will now be
read.
The Clerk read it, as follows:
Sec. 13. JZnd he it fin they enacted. That from and after the
1st (Inyo! July, J 859, m lieu of the rates ol postage nowe-tab- [
lished by law, there shall be charged the t'ollowin^rate^, to j
wit : For eveiv Mngle letter m manuscript. or paper ol any >
kwid,in whicu intorrnation shall be asked for, or communi-
cated in wnuni:, oj hy murks or Mgns. conveyed in the mail
for any distance between places m the United States not
exceeding three thousand miles, five cents.; and foi any dis-
tance over tin ee thousand miles, ten cent*.; and tor a double
letter there shall be chai«< d double thobc iatcf>; and lor a
treble leuei ueble these rates; and eveiy letter or parcel not
exceeding half an ounce in weight shall be deemed a single
letter; and every additional weight of balf.an ounce, oi ad-
ditional weight of than a hall ounce, shall be charged
with an additional single rate of postage. And there shall
be chatged for letters conveyed m the mail, wholly or m
part by sea, and to or liom a* foreign country, without re-
gard to distance, ten cents; and for each half ounce m
weight, or additional weight of lc?s than half an ounce, ex-
cepting, however, all eases m which such postages have
been or shall be adjusted at different rates by postal treaty lj Mr. GARNETT. I would like to hear- the bill
or convention already concluded or hereafter to be made. !'
And every letter or package brought into tho United States, j! - pr-prirjTi? r * *
or carried ftora one part therein to another, in anv private iVir.KlXOo.llii. 1 Object.
ship or vessel, shall be charged with five cents; n delivered ij The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes^ then,
at the post office where the same shall arrive ; and if des- |j that the bill cannot be read
tl,"e,'?;° be, f °llvl,v,ed th™ce b>' p?*tto any plaoc, two cents jj Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for tellers
ij on the motion.
!| Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craj9 v6f
Missouri, and Gooch were appointed.
shall be added to the ordinary rates of postage.' All drop
letters, or letters placed in any post office nor for transmis-
sion, and for delivery only, shall bo charged at the rate of
one cent, each, to be prepaid bv postage stamps, and ac-
counted for as othei letter postage. And all letters which
shall heieafter be adveitised as remaining over or uncalled
tor in any post office, shall be charged with one cent each,
in addition to the regular postage, to be accounted for as
postages now ate. And upon all letteis passing through or
m the mails of the United States, excepting such as ate to
or from a foreign countty, and letters and packages to or
from any ex-President of the United States, or any person
or persons to whom the franking privilege has been gianted
by name and letter.-* and packages, to and from the off)errs
of the Po-t Offiec Depai tment,'and of the Auditor'^ office
of tiie Post Office Department, exclusively on official busi-
ness, the rates of postage hereby e-tabh.-hed shall be pre-
paid by postage ttamp- or stamped envelopes, or m money
it the Postmaster General shall so dircct.
The question was taken fand it was decided m
the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 76; as follows:
YD AS—Messrs. Abbott, Ad rain, Ahl. Andrews, Arnold,
Ban, Bennett, Bishop, Blair. Bhss, Huiyton, Bmiinton,
Kurlmg.inie, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Ezu\ Clark, Iloraee F.
C'aik, dawson, Claik R. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Cul-
lax, Co!inii«, Covode, Cox, Cragin, Omtis, Davi^ of Mary-
land, Davis of Massachusetts, Pavi? ol Iowa, Dawe^ l>ean,
Dewar t, Dick, Dtmmrck, Rodd, Dm fee, Edie, Pen ton, Floi-
enee, Foster, Gilh<, Oilman, Gihnc;, Gooch, Goodwin,
Gianger, Grow. Robert B. Hall, Main-, Ilickman, Hoard,
Hodges, Houon, Howard, Owen Jones, Kenn, Kelsey, Kil-
gore, Knapp, John O ICuukel, Lamar. Landv, Leach,
Leitei, Lovejoy, MeKibbin, Humphrey Marshall, Mason,
MattPt>on, Maynard, Morgan, Morrill, fcdward Joy Morn-, .
1-aac N. Morris, Ficeman II. Moi.-c, Oliver A. Morse, ,
1 Murray. Nichols, Ohn, Palmei, Paiker, Pettit. Plnlli|>«, ;
i Pike,. Potior, Pottle, lleilly, Kieaud, Ritchie, Robbms. Rob- I
err^, Hojee, Ru^-ell, Aaion 'Shaw. John Sherman, Judson
1 \V. Sherman, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stanton. William
: Stewait, Talbot, Tappan, Tha\ oi, Thompson, Tompkm-,
! Undei wood.Valiandigham, Vance, Wade.Walbudge, Wal-
dion, Walton, Cadvvabuh'i C. Washburn. Elhliu 1). Wanli-
. but ne White, Wood, and ZolheotFei—117.
! NAYS— Messrs. Atkins, Aveiv, Baiksdale, Boeock,
Bonlmni. Bowie, Bo\e<j, Brunch, Brjati, Burnett, J5uni>,
: C<v-!ae, John 1). Cl.uU, Cl.ij, Cobb, Coming, James Craia,
| Ciawfoul, D')vn!son, Da vi- of Indiana. Davis ot Mi«Ms«ippi,
! Dowdell, Eflmundson, Jllhotr. English. EtistiN, Foley, G<u-
netr, G.uiie1!. Gteeewood, Giegg, Giover, L.iwieuce XV.
j Hall, Havvk'ns. Hopkins llou-.!oii, Hiiuhes, Hnylei, Jaek-
{ son, Geoigo W.Jones, Keitt, Jacob AT. Kunkel, Letebej,
! jVIaeliv, iMeCitieen, McRae,'Samuel [Marshal1, Miles,
■ Mill-on, Moore, Nibl.ick, Peyton, John S. Plielp--, Powell,
i Ready, Reagan, Uutlir), Sandidge, Scales, Scott, Sewaid,
Henry M. Shaw, Shortei, .Singleton, Samuel A. Small,
William Smith, SLevenson, James A. Stewart, Geoij;e Tay-
lor, Miies Tavlor, "Ward. Walking tVbiteb'y, Worslow,
Woitendjke, Augustus R. VVrigiit, and Jolin V. Wjigiit
—"<6.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the nhove call,
Mr. HARLAN stated that he had paired off
with his colleague Mr. Cockeiiilt : otherwise, he
would have voted in the affirmative.
; It was stated that Mr. Gfddin'gs had paired off
: for the remainder of the session with his col-
league, Air. Miller.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vole just
taken; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the}''had examined and
found truly enrolled an act (H. R, No. 667)
making appropriations for the support of tho
Army for Hie year ending the 30th of June, I860;
when the Speaker signed the same.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mi. ENGLISH. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a post route bill, in
which the constituents of a majority of members
are interested. It contains only the routes agreed
upon by the House and Senate.
Mr. GREENWOOD, I object. Wehavekillod
the postal service bill, and I see no reason for in-
creasing the number of routes.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move a suspension of the
rules, then, ior the purpose I have indicated.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 understand that,
in this bill, theie is voted to the overland route
from Salt Lake City to Placerville, $100,000 in
addition to what is now paid. Instead of giving
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 115, noes 17.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended; and the bill establishing certain
post routes was read a first and"Second time.
Mr. GARNETT demanded the reading of the
bill.
Mr. ENGLISH. I move to suspend the rules,
so that the reading of the bill may be dispensed
with.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask whether it ia in order
! to suspend the rules requiring a Representative to
| vote, on any measure, without hearing it read?
i Is it in the power of the majority to prevent a mi-
I nority from understanding anything about the
i business of the country?
The SPEAKER. The practice has been, ac-
cording to the recollection of the Chair, uniform
■—and the decisions of my predecessors have been
sustained on appeal—in entertaining a motion to
suspend the rules requiring a bill to be read.
Mr. ENGLISH. If the gentleman from Ken-
tucky will send for House bill No. 874, he will
find what is identically the same as this.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not want the bill read;
but I am opposed to the precedent of dispensing
with the reading of a bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is only following
the precedents that have been *et heretofore.
The question being oti suspending the rules,
Mr. GARNETT called for the yeas and nays;
and for tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes eighteen.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 wish now to say a word,
in order not to be misunderstood, Some time ago
the House passed the post route bill. It was
sent to the Senate, and there passed with sundry
amendments. The first of these amendments
related solely to post routes; but others of them
related to other subjects—increasing the rates of
postage, abolishing the franking privilege, in re-
gard to the compensation of postmasters, &c. In
regard to this bill, the same principle is involved
in one of these amendments as was involved in
the amendments to the Post Office appropriation
bill, on which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
made a question of pnviluge. I, therefore, in view
of the action of the House on that bill, thought it
better to offer a new post route bill, including only
the amendment of the Senate, in regard to post
routes exclusively.
Mr. M1LLS0N. 1 rise to a question of order.
The House iias suspended its rules for the pur-
pose of dispensing with the reading of the bill.
That dispenses with the lules of the House, and
brings flie House under the general pailiament-
ary law and the law of the Constitution, winch
are .still opeuitmg, and which require that every
member of a collective body shall have a right to
know unon what he is called to vote. I make
this point of otder for the purpose of requiring
the House to settle it by an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, if the Chair shall decide that
the House can suspend its rules, so as to escape
the general obligation under the parliamentary
law, and the law of the Constitution, entitling
members to know upon what they aie called to
vote.
The SPEAKER. What part of the Constitu-
tion does the gentleman refer to r
Mr. MILLSON. The clause constituting this
House of Representatives, a majority of which
are to determine all questions coming before it.
The SPEAKER. Each Housj has a right to
determine the rules of its proceedings.
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly; but the House
has suspended its own rules, leaving it as consti-
tuted bv the Constitution.
The SPEAKER. The practice is one of every
day occurrcnce. The Chair does not understand
the company three h urnlred thousand dollars and j that when the rules are suspended to allow a pur-
odd, it proposes to give them §400,000. .1 ticular thing to ba done which could not be done
