m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
to prevent that diversi ty which will result from one
looking exclusively out to the Atlantic, and the
other to the Pacific; to prevent that obstacle which
now exists to the intercourse between the two, by
the circuitous route and the hazaid to life resulting
from crossing either of the isthmuses; I think it
will contribute—it was not in answer to my ar-
gument, however, and therefore I will not pursue
it, as I am anxious not to consume time—but I
think it will contribute to hold the two together.
I think it will contribute to that end, if it gives to
them a greater similarity of commerce and greater
similarity of policy. It makes the one more ne-
cessary to the other; and men who are governed
by common sense, who look to the interest which
their*communities have, will look to the conjunc-
tion of material and political relation to bind them
10£" G th 6 r.
Mr. BRODERICK. Mr. President, I did not
intend to occupy any morn of the time of the Sen-
ate upon this subject, until a few minutes since;
but the extraordinary speech made by the Sen-
ator from Tennessee has induced me to take no-
tice of it. I want the Senator from Tennessee,
and every Senator within hearing, to understand
that tlie. State of California is no mendicant at the
door of the Senate Chamber, asking for an ap-
propriation of money to construct a railroed from
the Mississippi valley to her borders. I might
say that we demand it; and if there is any gener-
osity in the Senate, they should give it. to us.
The State of California has sent beLween six and
seven hundred million dollars to the Atlantic
States; and what have you sent us in return for
our money ? Nothing. If the State of California,
for fifty days, should withhold her money from
you, the banking interests, the commercial inter-
ests, and the manufactuiing interests of the thirty-
one States on this aide of the Rocky Mountains
would be paralyzed.
1 do not understand the Senator from Tennes-
see. lie professes to be a very strict construc-
tionist, and says he is controlled entirely by the
Constitution. I understand that the Senator is
in favor of the thirty million bill for the pur-
chase of Cuba. If i am correct, I would ask him
what clause in the Constitution he finds giving
Congress the power 10 vote $30,000,000 to the
President, to be used as a corruption fund, to
purchase Cuba with, and to expend two or three
luindrud millions more, if lie deems it advisable ?
There may be such a clause in the Constitution;
but the last time I read it I did not see any such
clause there.
1 am also surprised that the Senator from Ten-
nessee should lay so much stress upon the pro-
posed grant of public lands by the Government.
I voted with him, at the last session, to give away
to every man who would take possession of it,
one hundied and sixty acres without paying a
farthing into the Treasury: and now he ia alarmed
at givir.g twenty miles of land on each side of the
road to the contractors who will build if to Cali-
fornia. I voted, and will vote again, with him to
give away the public lands to actual settlers; but
i should like to reserve a sufficient amount to
build this road, if possible.
I rose, sir, however, more for the purpose of
taking notice of the speech made by the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] on Friday last.
He said:
" I p;u>s to the route of the forty-first paiallel, which ha?
been described in the Seriate as having peculiar advantages.
From the Rocky Mountains to ttie Siena Nevada, the couu-
tiy on this route consists ol alternate mountains and plains
or valleys—vallovp utterly barren. The office, examinations
of the l'ailroad explorations show these facts."
Now, sir, I will road from the report of Lieu-
tenant JJeckwith, who explored this route. He
speaks of it in this language:
" There is an abundance of good stone for bridges and
building purpose-*, at shoit intervals, upon all parts of tins
line. Water l-s also found in abundance for railroad pur-
poses throughout those portions of the Sierra Nevada, Wah-
satch, and Rocky Mountains explored, and also at a tow
miles intervals in the basin, where it usually occurs m springs
at the hases8 of the mountains, and m small stiearns descend-
ing from the higher peaks and ridges to the adjacent plains.
And a simple reference to the map ol the route will exhibit
an important featuse m the fact that in its rom.ukahly direct
course, fur iu great length, from the Missouii west to the
Pacific, it follows the ascending and descending valley® of
permanent rivers and their tributaries for moie than two
thuds ot its enure length, and that water is abundant on
all the intermediate tpaccs, affording the means of nnga-
tion to a large extent wherever the lands are suitable for it;
and that they will doubtless be found so wherever the sage
plains are taxonom, may be inferred from t&e rich aromatic
odor and resinous properties of that plant, and from the
exceedingly nutritious character of the grass scattered
through it. And it h a well kuown^aet, that the Mormons
produce some of their finest crops'Yrom reclaimed sage
plains."
This is land that the Senator from Mississippi
characterized as barren and sterile.
Mr. DAYIS. The fertility is where it is irri-
gated.
Mr. BRODERICK. You will find that there
is plenty of water all along the route. I found it
three times a day from the time I left Carson's
valley until I reached the Missouri river. I found
grass and water at morning, noon, and night. I
continue to read from Lieutenant Beckwith's re-
port:
" By reference to the map and accompanying tables o(
latitudes, it will be seen that the route explored conforms
throughout to a remarkably straight lire, deviating, west
fiom Fort Bndger, only atthe Timpanagos cafion,if that
line he ptcfyrred to the Weber, and on the noitbern portion
of the Sacramento iivcr; and then only by three minutes
and four minuter, respectively, from the line of the forty-
fir* t paiallel of north latitude. The length of thisrou'e from
the Missouri to the Black Hills may he safely estimated not
to exceed six hundred and forty-seven miles, the distance
given by Captain Stansbuiy from Fort Leavenworth to Foit
Laramie, (outward journey;) and hN distance from the
Black Hills to Fort Bndger, three hundred and foity-seven
miles, is given from actual measurement. From Fort
Bndger to Fort Reading, by the line of the accompanying
piofile, the distance is one thousand and eleven and sev-
enty-one hundredths miles, (which may hereafter be dim-
inished bv at h'as-t one hundred and six miles, a* before
pointed out.) giving a total length foi this line of one thou-
sand eight hundred and njuctj -nine and seventy-one huu-
dicths miles.
If Mr. Beck with is to be believed, there is some
good land on tins route.
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator that I !
have paid very high compliments to Lieutenant j
| (now Captain) Beckwith's report. I think him a j
j man of rare judgment, as well as pute character. j
. So far as that land can be irrigated, it will be j
; found productive; but he is aware that at Salt
Lake, where the Mormons reside, they are able
i to produce nothing except where the land is irri-
I gated; and thut is one of the best valleys to be
found between the Sierra Nevada and the Rocky
Mountains.
Mr. BtfODERICK. I will inform the Senator
from Mississippi that I followed the beaten track
along the Humuoldt river to Salt Lake, and that
I was never out of sight of water and grass more
: than six hours at any one time. The animals we
| used were in fine condition when we reached Salt
Lake. They found water and grass in the morn-
ing, and from one to three o'clock in the day, and \
then at night when we encamped. So there is
plenty of water and grass alone the whole route.
The Senator fiotn Mississippi also stated that
Noble's Pass was impracticable, lie used the fol-
lowing language:
"The paii> yomg wo^t, and which was then commanded
by Capiain Beekwilb, finding their resumes oniv equal to
the exploration, if they wete not compelled to make mi} at-
tempt fiom wlueh nicy would afterwards have to retire,
instead of attempting to ero-> fiom ('arson's valley over the
mountains, upon siti-Iying th^m-elve* that it was impracti-
cable (oi a tathoai), turned north to find home hcrtei line.
The} had he,ml ofNubleV Fa^. They found it, and found
that it \\ a^ impracticable for a railioad."
1 will uUo read what the gentleman who explored
this route says—a gentleman of knowledge and
experience. Thu is from Mr. Noble, the man
! who explored the pass, and after whom it was
named:
"There is a direct line through a level country to the
noi them end of Iloney lake, which lies at the eastern base
of the Sreir.i Nevada.
" From Honey lake, taking a spur lying north of Su«an
river, a very uniform giade, with a ri*o at no placc moie
than eighty leet (and probably not fifty feet) to the mile, is
found foi Unity mile-i, when you strike a v.illev known as
the Susan river vallej, which n the commencement of a
series of valleys continuing through the whole range ot the
Siena, with a veiy shunt difference of elevation.
k' From Su->an river valley, the route would pass between
the lakes at the head of that rivet ; thence close by the
northern baseot the 1 Black butte,5 which i«aboutthe sum-
mit of the Sierra ; thence by the noithein base of * Mount
Tom,' or Lawson's Inute, mossing a tributary of Mill cieek;
and thence on an easy grade into the Saeiameuto vaiiey,
sinking the Sacramento liver at the northern bolder of the
lanche of Major P B. Heading, and near the mouth of Cow
j cieek.
i " From a point near the summit of the pass in the Sierra,
j there is a practicable route into the valley of the Umpqua,
; and thence by the Willamette to the Columbia river.
| u In the whole line ot route, there will be no grade of
i more than ninety leet to the mile, and in no instance <my-
j thing like tunneling oi heavy rock eutungrequired ; except
• at a jew points, the road is already giaded by the hand of
| nature.
' " No heavy bridging will be required along the entire line;
aad no difficulty appears to be in the way of the construc-
tion of a road, except the unsettled state of-the country.
" In starting from the Sacramento valley there \> a fertile
country, heavily timbered with pine and cedar, all the way
through the Sierra as far as Honey lake.
" The Iloney lake valley is one of tlte .most beautiful to
be found anywhere; and at various points through the
mountains there is an' abundant ot water power.
" At the head of the Humboldt, there is timber-sufficient
for the purposes of the road in that vicinity ; and from that
point no difficulty, as to rook and timber, will occur all the
way to the ncighboihood ofFoitLaiuiuie, at comparatively
convenient distances on the road.
" Excellent coal is found in abundance on the north fork
of the Platte, about One hundred and twenty-five miles
west of Fort Laramie; and it is reported to exist at Soda
springs, and m the Goose Creek mountains.
" Good water is found at distances in no instance greater
than twenty-five miles."
If this gentleman is to be believed 
Mr. DAVIS. I will say to the Senator, I do
not know anything of the authority; but the pro-
files of this pass are to be found in the reports of
Captain Beck with; and I think it not at all im-
probable that he is reading the description of the
Madelm Pass, and that it is misnamed.
Mr. BRODERICK. No, sir; the Madelin Pass
is some one hundred miles from Noble's Pass. I
read from a letter by Mr. Noble himself, which
is now on file in the War Department, that he
addressed to Mr. McDougall, who represented
California in Congress in 1854. I merely rose for
the purpose of reading to the Senate part of the
report of Mr. Beckwiih, and the letter of Mr.
Noble; and I leave the question.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I do not want
to occupy the attention of the Senate more than
a few moments; but I never like to submit—of
course I speak that kindly—to a misrepresenta-
tion of the position that I assume. I have no doubt
the Senator from Mississippi answered what he
! understood my position to be. In reference to tho
| expenditure for surveys, I will state what I in-
tended to say. I have not been in the habit of
speaking a great deal here, and do not speak with
very great accuracy, fixing my mind as perfectly
on the particular expression I* am going to use as
I woulu if I were more in the habit of speaking.
1 may have said millions, but my idea was, and
I think I did say, that the surveys and printing had
cost about a million dollars.
Mr. DAViS. X will say to the Senator that
before making any comment on that point, I asked
him what he did say; and when he did say
$1,000,000, I treated it as $1,000,000; but as to
the printing I am sure he will not find anything
stated by me about that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It was my
intention to say that the surveys had cost the
Government over a million dollars. The surveys
were made first, and the printing followed as a
matter of course. It is part of the cost of the
surveys. That is what I intended to assume. My
understanding is, that the printing and surveys
together, and obtaining the necessary informa-
tion, have cost between ten and twelve hundred
thousand dollars. So much for that.
Mr. DAYIS. The printing is not obtaining in-
formation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. It is a result
growing out of the survey, and an expenditure
caused by making the survey as a matter of
course.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator might as well in-
clude the long debate which has arisen on these
surveys, and the cost of printing it in the Globe.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. All printing
ordered by Congress is incident to, and resulting
from, the action of Congress, and it is a necessary
incident that has grown out of the surveys to get
the information before the country; but let that
pass.
The Senator took another position. I under-
stood him to say that I had made an argument
that this road should progress with settlement;
and that I had treated one portion of the road as
being a desert, sterile and barren. He wanted to
know how I would carry settlement there. That
was not my position. I assumed that, as far as
the lands were good and the country was good,
on the one slope and on the other, by the encour-
agement of agriculture settlements would go on,
and, after a while, they would make the connec-
tion that was necessaiy between-the settlements
on each side. That was my argument.- I did say
that, if these lands were barren and unproductive,
they would be worth nothing if you granted them
to the company; and, if they were fertile and Vttl-
