m§
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
undqrjhe roles, it is a suspension of all the rules.
The Qhair understands it to be simply a suspen-
sion of such rules as prevent the member from
aceoto'plishing tohat'he desires to accomplish.
Mr. MILLSON, Do I understand the Chair
to decide thkt two thirds under the rules—and if
the miles had'auth'orized a majority it would have
been a majority—have a right to require members
of the House to vote for the passage or.rejection
of-a bill, notorie word of which has been read?
The SPEAKER. The Chairstated, when the
question Was raised before, that he was only fol-
lowing the pfecedents which had been repeatedly
scit by hia'predecessors.
Mr. MILLSON. I want it in the solemn form
of a decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. It has been decided on ap-
peal more than once.
Mr. MILLSON. Do I understand the Chair
to malte the decision that the bill need not be read;
and that members may be called upon to vote on
the bill without knowing what is in it?
Th's SPEAKER. The Chairdid so decide; and
the rules were suspended.
Mr. MILLSON. I appeal, then, from the de-
cision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER,
comes too late.
Mr. MILLSON.
The Chairthinks the appeal
This appeal is founded upon
the present state of the question. My point is,
that the suspension of the rules of the House
brings the bill under the operation of the Consti-
tution and the law of Parliament; and that, under
that law, the bill is still required to be read. If
the Chair decides otherwise, I appeal from his
decision.
Mr. IllTCHIE. 1 would ask the gentleman if
he has ever known a post route bill to be read since
he has been a member of the House?
Mr. MILLSON. I have no objection to this
particular bill. It is the pernicious precedent that
I object to.
Mr. RITCHIE. That is not an answer to my
question. 1 want an answer."
Mr. MILLSON. Perhaps the reading has never
been called foi.
Mr. KNGLISH. I object to debate.
Mr. CLAY. 1 rise to a privileged question. I
am again constrained to ask the House to excuse
me from voting, on the ground that I know noth-
ing of the hill before the House, and the House
has refused to have it read.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will propound the
question to the House when the question of order
shall have been disposed of.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suggest to gen-
tlemen that they should nllpw the bill to be road.
We are consuming more time in parleying about
the matter than would be required for the reading
of the bill.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
reading of the bill ?
Mr. HICKMAN. I object.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. What has be-
come of the question raised by the gentleman from
Virginia? 1 desire to record my vote on it. J do
not think a member can be called oil to vote on a
bill which has never been read.
Mr. BURNETT. I now call for the reading
of the bill. I do it under the parliamentary law,
and what I regard to be the rights of members of
Congress under the Constitution.
The SPEAKER. The question of order, raised
by'tiie gentleman from Virginia, as the Chair un-
derstands it, is, that the House having suspended
the rules, has placed itself, in disposing of this
bill, under the opeiation of the general pailia-
mentary law; and that that law requires that the
bill shall be lead if any member desires it.
Mr. MILLSON. It is,'that it is incident to
the constitution of every legislative body that its
members have a right to know on what, they are
called upon to vote.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Virginia. It involves the very same point that
the Chair decided when the House suspended the
rules. The Constitution declares that cach House
may determine the rules of its proceedings. For
the purposes of this bill, the House has declared
that the bill shall bo considered without being
read in extenso. In making this decision, the
Chair follows the precedents "which have exist-
ed for years, and which' have'beeij sustained by
every House upon appeal, according to the recol-
lection of (he Chair.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not remember any such
precedent. It is abad precedent. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair; and I demand the yeas
and nays on the appeal,
Mr. HALL, of Ohio. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The SPEAKER. In the last Congress the
following precedent occurred:
" The reading of the said amendments having been called
for,
" Mr. Lewis D. Campiieli, moved that the rules be sus-
pended so as to dispense with the same.
" Pending which,
" Mr. William Smith made the point of order that it was
not competent for the House to deprive a member of the
privilege of having a proposition read before voting upon it.
" The Speaker stated that the light to have a proposi-
tion read was derived from the rules, but that it was com-
petent for the House to suspend the rules, and thereby de-
prive him of the privilege. He, therefore, overruled the point
of order.
" From this decision of the Chair, Mr. Smith appealed.
" And the question being put,' Shall the decision of the
Chair stand as the jugment of the House ?'
u It was decided in the affirmative.
" So the decision of the Chair was sustained."
The question was taken, and the appeal was
laid on the table.
Amendments were then submitted by Mr. Eng-
lish and by Mr. Cox, proposing additional local
post routes.
Mr. ENGLISH demanded the previous ques-
tion upon the engrossment and third reading of
the hill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to ho put.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the passage of the bill.
Mr. LEITER moved that the llouse adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Thf> question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 66; as follows:
V HAS—Miosis. Abbott, Adratti, A!il, Kennett, Howie,
Royet*, Brayton, Biyan, Bullinfon, Burlmsame, JSuuih,
Case, Cavrumuijh, ChalTee, John 15. Clark,Olaik I?. Coch-
ran*', John Coeinann, Colfax, Comm*. Corning, Cox, Cra-
nia, Ctirus, Davi.s of Maryland, Davi*, of Indiana, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davisol Iowa, Dick, Dodd, Durl'ee, Elliott,
English, I'itiHtis, l-Ynton, Florence, Foley, Fostei, Gartrell,
(iillis, Gilmer, Gooeh, Granger, Grow, Lawrence W. Hall,
Robeit B. Hall, Harris, Hatch, Ha\vkin>, Hickman, Hodges,
Hopkins Hoi ton, Howard, Hughes. Huvler, Jackson, Owen
J one-;, Kelsey, Lamar, Landv, Leach, Leniy, Lciter, Love-
joy, Maelay,*Maynard, Moriill, Edward Jov Morris, Isaac
N" Morns, Freeman 51. Motse, Oliver A. Moi.se, Murray,
Niblaek, Nichols, Ohn, Parker, William W. Phelps, Phil-
lips, Pottle, Reagan, Reiliy, Ricsuid, Ritchie, Roberts, Rus-
s-ell, Sandidi^e, Scott, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Shortei, Rob-
ert Smith, Htalhvorth, Stanton, James A. Stew art, William
Stewart, Tappan, George Taylor, Thayer, Underwood,
Vance, Wade, Walbn.lse, Waldron, Waid, Isiael Wash-
burn, Watkiris, Wlnto, Wlutelev, Woodson,and Augustus
R. Wnirht— no.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Bishop, Bhur, Bli&-s, Botiham,
Branch, Burnett, Ca^kie, Chapman. Horace F. Clark, Cobb,
Covode, Burton Ciaisre, Davi^ of Mississippi, Dawes, Ed-
niuiuNon, Funisworth, Faulkner, Gurnett, Gieenvvood,
Greg:*, Gioc^beck, Ilaskin, Hill, Hoard, Houston, Jenkins,
Geoi e YV, Jones, Keim, ICeitt. Kilyore. Ivnapp, Jacob M.
Kunkc),John C. Kunkel, McQueen, MeUai*, Samuel S.
Marshall, Matteson, Million, Moore, Morgan, Palmer,
Pettit, Peyton, Pike, Pottei, Powell, Roj ce, Rutini, Savage,
Scales. Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Jtid.-on W. Sher-
man, Single ton, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner,
StevciiMHi, Talbot, Thompson, Tompkins. Vallandigham,
Walton, Cadwaladcr C. Washburn, Kilihu B. Washburne,
and John V. Wright—66.
So the bill was passed.
Pendmsc the call of the roll,
Mr. BURNETT stated that, not having heard
the bill read, or having an opportunity to know
what it contained, he should vote " no."
Mr. HARLAN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. John Cochrane.
Mr. LETCHERsaid that, if he had been within
the bar when his name was called—learning that
the Puget Sound route vvasm the bill—he should
have voted 4< no."
Mr. CAVANAUGH stated that, for the rea-
son suggested by the gentleman from Virginia—
that Puget Sound was in the bill—he should vote
" ay."
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. ENGLISH moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to. reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had receded from the
amendments of the Senate disagreed to by the
House to the bill Of the House making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other pen-
sions of the United States for the year ending
June 30, 1860.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by J. B. Henry, his Private
Secretary, informing the llouse that he had on
this day approved and signed bills originating in
the House of the following titles:
An act for the relief of Eli W. Goff;
An act making appropnations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending June 30, 1860.
EDWARD INGERSOLL.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to discharge the Committee of
the Whole House on the Private Calendar from
the further consideration of the bill of the House
(No. 224) for the relief of Edward Ingersoll.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 object.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I hope the gentleman will
not do that.
Mr. DAVIS of Mississippi. I do object, and
will insist upon my objection.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Mr. Speaker, this is the only
favor I have asked of the House, and the only
one I shall ever have to make to the House of
Representatives. I move to suspend the rules,
and ask that the bill may be read.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object to the
reading.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Louisiana whether he did not make
the statement, this morning, that he had been in-
formed by the President of the United States that,
from this time to the adjournment of the session,
he would not have time to examine any bills other
than the appropriation bills?
Mr. DAVIDSON. That was my statement.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then it will be
utterly useless to pass these private bills.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 rise to a question
of privilege. I desire to know whether it is in
order for the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means to inform the House in advance what
bills the President will approve and what he will
not. I submit that it is contrary to the privileges
of this House to bring any such statement to bear
upon the action of this House.
■ Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The statement
was merely informal, of course. I hope the
House will not allow such private business to
stand in the way of the public business.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I will merely say that this
bill does not appropriate more than $400 in the
aggregate. The gentleman from Mississippi ob-
jects to the reading, and I ask for the vote on the
motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for tellers
on the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. 33onham and
Buffinton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 96, noes 30.
So the rules were suspended.
Mr. CHAFFEE demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill di/ects the Secretary of War to pay
Edward Ingersoll, military storekeeper at Spring-
field, Massachusetts, $335 75, being the amount
of judgment, with costs, against him for hire of
carnages, used by the board of commissioners
under act of 3d March, 1853, while in the dis-
charge of their duty.
