1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
587
uable lands, you would be granting too much. ;
That is what I said, and say now.
Then the Senator takes up the constitutional
question, and answers a position which L did not
assume. I read the provisions giving; Congress
the power to declare war, and power to raise and
maintain an army. I referred to that provision
of the Constitution giving; power to repel inva- ;
sion and suppress insurrection. I did say, though, i
that when the Army and Navy were called into |
actual service, the President of the Unitec^lStatcs ;
had command of them. I say so yet. I say the
Constitution makes him Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy, when they are called into
actual service. If the President saw proper, he
could go into the field and take the sword. So
much for that.
Well, the Senator made a discrimination that
perhaps, to minds as nicely balanced and as well
trained as his, was perfectly clear, by which some
ridicule was likely to follow. He asked, would
I stand still and do nothing till war was declared?
I read the provisions of the Constitution on this
subject all together. It grants the power to de-
clare war; and there is also un express grant of
the power to raise an army; but what is the ob-
ject of conferring this power' I put the question
to the Senate, was it necessary as an incident to
the exercise of the war power now to construct
this road? What is there under the war power
that now makes it necessary and proper to con-
struct this road? That is the point." Is there
anything? If it is necessary and proper to con-
struct a road there, is it not equally necessary
and proper to relieve the States from the but den
that they have contracted and incurred in making
the other links of the road ? I can see no defer-
ence in principle as to the idea that you cannot
make a road ma State, but can in a Territory. I
confess I do not treat that argument with much
seriousness. If it is necessary and proper to ex-
ercise any incident to carry the war power into
effect, that power does not stop at tne line be-
tween a State and Territory; you can exercise it
anywhere; and if it is riot necessaiy and proper
to cairy out the war power, you can exercise it in
neither State norTerntory. That is my position.
But the Senator presses the idea that I deny the
power to make a cannon or powder m advance of
war. Is not that necessaty to the very existence
of the Government, and the proper perpetuation
©f the power in the Constitution r Is it necessary
to construct a road? Is it necessary to buy pro-
visions to sustain an army, even on the peace
establishment, so far in advance of their being
Heeded? Is it nec^fcsary to uudettake wotks of
apiculture to raise bread and meat all over the
country ? You mi^ht ask, "will you not make a
barrel of corn, 01 will you not raise a bushel of
wheat? We consider it necessary to have a^ricul-
tuie to sustain your army, to carry out the war
power." Is not that a latitude that the framers
of that sacred instrument never intended to be put
upon it? What is the question before us? There
is the constitutional power; and now look at the
country and the condition of tilings, and say, is
it necessary and proper to make tins road os
an incident to the war po.wcr? Mr. Buchanan
Gays he is a strict-constructionist; and he says in
his message, you should not exercise any power
unless it is absolutely necessary to carry into effect
an express grant. I ask the Senate, and I ask the
country, is it necessary and proper, is it absolutely
necessary, now to construct this road through a
desert as a means to sustain and carry out the
war power conferred in the Constitution of the
United States? My honest convictions are that
it is not.
But the gentleman, by way ofbeinga little face-
tous, speaking of my reference to a change in the
Constitution, alluded to the number of candidates
that might be before the country in reference, as
I understood him, to a distinguished office.
Mr. DAVIS. I was answering you, sir; the
office you spoke of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If that policy
was carried out, as I understood him—I speak the
substance of what I understood—-it might open
the field to a pony ra«e, with a number of pony
candidates running. Well, if national conventions
are the only means to rule off ponies, and bring
forward great men, in the future I hope that ail
improper appliances will be omitted. Open the
door for a pony race I I think the people of the
different States are as competent to judge'of
their own citizens, and their qualifications and va-
rious merits, and their worth, as a national con-
vention; and the chances are that they would be
equally as pure and as good men as would be
brought forward by a national convention or a
congressional caucus. At this point, and I know
I do it in a spirit of kindness, I assure the Sena-
tor I am willing to widen the field so that if he
has any aspirations in that way, he may iVave a
chance; I have none.
Mr. DAVIS. I have disclaimed in your favor
already.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I increase your
chance, particularly as I live in the South, But
the idea seems to be, that you cannot come for-
ward and discuss any great measure that has a
tendency to popularize our free institutions, but
you must be associated with the Presidency. That
seems to have been the summum bonum of every-
thing in this country. J t is the climax of compar-
ison and of aspiration; and whenever you make a
move that has a tendency to popularize our free
institutions, or carry the Government neater to
the people, it is said, s< Oh! you are a candidate
for the Presidency."
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senator now, as he is
replying: to me, whether he did not bring in that
himself, and whether my remarks were not in re-
ply to him on that point?
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. Bring:in what?
Mr. DAVIS. The whole subject of the mode
of nominating a candidate for President.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Most as-
suredly 1 did; but I made no particular allusion
to any set of individuals boins* candidates; the
Senator did. That is the difference between us.
I introduced the subject, ond he alluded to the
chances of particular individuals. That is all the
difference. 'He bungs cases up; I have a right
to comment on those cases, in making a reply;
and as I before told the Senator, 1 am not m his
way. We have got to making Presidents in mod-
ern times, so that nobody knows who is safe. I
do assutc the Senator that 1 prefer to discharge
my duty faithfully as an honest representative of
the States or the people. Occupying that posi-
tion—the Senate will pardon me for the expres-
sion, and I do not use 11 in a profane sense—when
contiasled with being President of the United
States, I say damn the Presidency; it is not worthy
of the aspirations of a man who believes in doing
good, and is m a position to serve his country by
popularizing her fiee institutions.
The Presidency ! I would rather be an honest
mao,an honest representative, than be President
of the United Slates forty times. The Piesidency
is the absorbing id'-a, the great Aaron's rod that
swallows up every other thing; and hence we
see the best legislation for the country impaired,
ruined,and biased. The idea of President-making
ought to be scouted out of the Hails of Congress.
Our legislation should be for the country, and let
President-making alone. Let the people attend
to that. Confer the great ptivik-ge, the consti-
tutional right, upon the people to make their own
Piesidents, and not have them made by national
conventions or by Congress; let the people make
them themselves; and we shall have better Pres-
idents, better Administration1?, more economy,
more honesty, more of every thing that tends to
constitute an upright and correct Government.
But the Senator from California [Mr. Broder-
ick] seems not to be satisfied wnh something that
I said, and he wants to know what would become
of the United States if it had not been lor the six
hundied millions of gold we had got from Cali-
fornia. Now tins was a country a good while be-
fore we got California, subjected to a great many
trials,and went through the stiuggle of the Revo-
lution which was consummated in ]yi5. lie wants
to know what we should have done 
Mr. BRODERICK. If the Senator will per-
mit me one moment, to prevent him making; a
long speech on what I said, I will state it again.
I stated this, that if the gold of California was
withheld for fifty days, your banking institu-
tions would go to pieces, as well as your manu-
facturing and commercial interests.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Well we had
a good deal of manufacturing, a good deal of very
successful banking and commerce, before Cali-
fornia ever came into the Union.
Mr. S&VVAKD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him to give way for a motion to
adjourn ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I shall be done
in two minutes. Where does the sold from Cal-
ifornia go to? While they dig in their gold-fields
in California, we d *> in our c. rn-fields, in our cot*
ton-fields, and in our rice fields, on this side of
the Rocky Mountains. South Carolina, Geor?
gia, Tennessee, Alabama, Mississippi, and other
States, might ask, what would you do but for our
cotton. Cotton is just as necessary m commerce
as gold. AH that gold, when it goes to New York
or any other point, goes abroad and we have run
through our mints in seven years six or seven
hundred millions of gold.
Where did it go? Turn to your tables of ex-
ports, and there you find it went off With your
bags of cotton, your hogsheads of tobacco, and
tierces of rice. What would your country have
done, but for rice, cotton, and tobacco? What
I would the country have done but for your manu-
tured articles? Gold is the peculiar product of
California; cotton is the peculiar product of the
South; hogs and horses are the peculiar products
of the western Slates. You find that there is a
reciprocity in trade. California brings her gold
to the United States because she can do better
with it here than anywhere else. If she could
send it from San Francisco to England direct it
would go there. Withhold gold from that point
where it will command the greatest price ! With-
hold gold from eoing where it will command the
greatest price! The Senator mightas well attempt
to lock up the winds or chain the waves of the
ocean as to place gold beyond the influence of
those laws which control the commercial world.
Gold, like every oiher article of tiade, will go
where it is in the greatest demand. Gold will
go whfre it gets the greatest price; so will cotton,
tobacco, and every other article of commerce.
Let us reverse the argument, and ask what
would California have done tor flour, what would
California have done for manufactured articles,
if it had not been for the States on this side?
I What would she have done for iron? What
! would she have done for all those things that con-
j stitute her a great people? Wnh the exception
j of gold, she would not have been much. While
! you are digging gold, you must have something
to eat and to wear, and you send youf gold off
because you must use it to buy those articles
somewhere else. That is all.
1 did not intend to devtam the Senate one third
of the time I have. 1 mcieiy wanted to answer
the Senator's remarks.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no speech to make,
but one which I presume will be very acceptable
to the Senate, and that is to move an adjourn-
ment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned. 
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 25, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PUBLIC la JS OS IN INDIANA.
Mr. NIBLICK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; winch was read,
considered, and agreed to:
! Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
j quested to eoinnnuiicatc to tin- ILnne the amount and liie
I disposition whiei) has been made of the live per oeirtum of
I the net proceed** anting from the ;?ale ol the pubhc lands
j lying winiin the iitate of Indiana, since the 1st <idv of De-
; cember, 1810, and received lor h^i bow tit by the compact
i entered into between the Ueited State- and * .ud State,
! under an act entitled 4k An act to enable the people or hi-
1 diana Teimorv to form a concutuuoii aud ^i<ice gov- rn-
tnent, and ior th" fubni-^ion ol such Srate into tin-
: on an e^nai iojuus win liie on^nuU tfrate^,'5 appr >ved
Apul 19, Jul 6. and parueuiaiiv the turee fiitlit* of the amount
I *o leaetveii. a- \v< re, bv the termso! haul compact,to have
' bt:en expended within the Stuie of Indiana; whethei said
' three tilth* have been paid over to said fcSrate, ami 11 not, the
• jeasons why the same have been withix Id.
| Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. 1 object to any-
j thing else being done out of order. The House
' would not allow days to be set apart for the con-
j sideration of territorial business; and 1 shall,
j therefore, insist oil the regular order of business,
j as that is the only way in winch we can reach
! the Oregon bill.
I The SPEAKER stated that reports were in
j order from the Committee on the Post Office and
J Post Roads.
