1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1669
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. CHAFFEE moved to reconsider the vote
first taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RED RIVER RAFT.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate resolution No. 84, giving the assent of
Congress to certain acts passed by the Legisla-
tures of Louisiana and Arkansas, in relation to
the raft of Red river, and for other purposes. The
bill only authorizes those States to prosecute a
work which has already cost the United States
$600,000, but which the Government has aban-
doned.
Mr. BLAIR. I object.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I move that the rules be
suspended for the purpose I have indicated. The
passage of this bill is a matter of great import-
ance to three hundred thousand people.
Mr. BLAIR. I understand that this levies a
tax upon the commerce of the river. I demand
the yeas and nays.
* The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 83, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Bennett,
Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyee, Bryan, Butfiiiton, Burlin-
game. Burns, Caskie, Chaffee, Ciav, Clark B. Cochrane,
John Cochrane, Coming, Crawford, Davis of Indiana, Davis
of Iowa, Pmmnck, Edmundson, Elliott, English, Eustis,
Florence, Foley, Gainett, Gartiull, Gilmei, Greenwood.
Giover, Lawrence W. Hall, Harris, IliuVkin^ Hill, llodges,
Hopkins, Houston, flushes, Jtnikms, Owen Jones Ki-im,
Keitt, lvelsey, Lamar, Maclay, McRae. Samuel S. Mar-hall,
Mason, Maynard, Milton, Edward Joy Moms, Niblack,
Nichols, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Powell, 1'urvtance,
Reagan, Rcillv, Ricaud, Ritchie, Roheit1-. Ituffin, Itu-^cll,
Sandidgp, Seward, Shorter, Singleton, Roheit Smith, Spin-
ner, Stallworth, Talbot, Geoige Taylor, Miles Taylor, Un-
del wood, VaNandigham, Vance, W.Ubndge, Wood, Wood-
son. Wouendyke, and Augustus It- Wright—S3
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bingham, Blair, Bliss,
Bray ton, Burnett,-Chapman, Ezia Clatk, Horace F. Clark,
John B. Clark, Cobb, Colfa..\, Comins, Covode, Cragin, Cur-
tis, Davis of Mar> land, Dawes, Dean, Dewait. Dick, Dodd,
Dmfre, Edie, Fenton, Fo->tei, Giiman, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Giegq, Groe^beck, Grow, Robert B. Hall, Hatch,
Hickman, Horton, Jewett, George W. Jones, Kellogg, Kil-
goie, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach.Lovcjoy, Humphrey
Mait-hall, Matron, Moigan, Mornll, Isaac N. Morris,
Fieetnan II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Muuay, Olin,
Palmer, Parker. Point, Potter, Pottle, Royce, Savage,
Scale?. Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Judson VV. Sher-
man. William Smith, Stanton, Stevenson, Thayer, Thomp-
son, Tompkins, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Ellihu B. VVashburne, Watluns, and John V.
Wngln—£2.
So the rules were not suspended.
Pending the above call,
Mr. HATCH said that he voted in the nega-
tive because he believed that this Government
had no right to levy duties upon domestic ton-
nage.
Messrs. BRANCH and McQ,UEEN, not being
within the bar when their names were called,
asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
They stated that they would have voted in the
affirmative.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House that we take a recess
until seven o'clock.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire first to
understand the condition of the public business in
the other House. If it be proper for us to take a
recess, I will return and submit that motion my-
self
[Cries of " Agreed !"]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move to sus-
pend the rules, to enable me to submit the motion
that we take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Mississippi, and John Cochk ane were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 57, noes 55.
No quorum voting.
Mr. FLORENCE moved that iheie he a call of
the House; and on that motion called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Spinner were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 19, noes 115.
So the House refused to order a call.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Davis, of Mississippi, to suspend the rules to
enable him to move to take a recess.
The tellers resumed their places; and the ques-
tion having been put, five members voted in the
affirmative.
So the rules were not suspended.
JAMES A. GLANDING.
Mr. AHL. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that the Committee of the Whole
House be discharged from the further considera-
tion of Senate bill (No. 292) for the relief of James
A. Glanding.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of James A. Glanding, of Penn-
sylvania, on the roll of invalid pensioners, at the
rate of eight, dollars a month, commencingon the
3d day of December, 1855, to continue duringhis
natural life.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, objected.
Mr. AHL moved a suspension of the rules.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. AHL demanded the previous question on
the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. AHL moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to rcconsidcr upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had agreed to the
report of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 18G0.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. The committee of conferenceon
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments of the Senate to the naval appropri-
ation bill have met, and after full and free confer-
ence have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses, that the Senate
recede from its disagreement to the amendment of
the House to the second amendment of the Sen-
ate, with an amendment to striko nut '• $173,700 "
and insert in lieu thereof" $289,000." That, sir,
is the. amendment in relation to the charter or
purchase of the vessels engaged in the Paraguay
expedition. We recommend that the Senate
agree to the amendment of the House, with an
amendment changing theamountcontamed m the
original text of the Senate amendment, from
$173,700 to $289,000.
The committee also recommend that the Senate
recede from its disagreement to the amendment of
the House to the third amendment of the Senate.
The report is a unanimous one, and I move the
previous question upon its adoption. j
The previous question was seconded, and the j
main question ordered; and under the operation 1
thereof, the repoitof the committee of conference :
was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the report was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONVENTION WITH CHINA.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to take from the
Speaker's table Senate bill (No. (JOG) to carry
into effect the convention between the United
States and China, concluded on the 8th Novem-
ber, 1858, at Shanghae.
I will say to the House, that the bill appropri-
ates no money. It merely provides for the ap- ;
pointment of a commissioner to divide a fund j
which China has agreed, in the late treaty made j
by Mr. Reed, to distribute among American citi-1
zens, as reclamation for "damages done to their
property. There can be no objection to the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have examined
the provisions of that bill* I think they'are right,
and I hope the bill will be taken up and passed.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up
from the Speaker's table, and read a first and
second time.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, called for the
previous question on its third reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, moved to re*
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MILES obtained the floor.
THE LATE SUPERINTENDENT O# PRINTING.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. I desire to get the House either
to take up the report of the select committee on
the accounts of the late Superintendent.of Public
Printing at this time, or to assign some hour for
the consideration of the same.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that the
motion of the gentleman from NewYork is not
a privileged question.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Then I propose
to take it up at once.
Objection was made.
ARRANGEMENT OF THE HALL.
Mr. MILES. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to take up the report of the select com-
mittee in lelation to seats of members, &c., which
was some time ago ordered to be printed by the
House, and is now in the document room.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It istoo late
in the session to bring up that report. I object.
Mr. MILES. I move to suspend the rules. The
report is very short. I ask that it may be read.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. With the per-
mission of the gentleman from South Carolina, to
whom the floor has been assigned, I ask unani-
mous consent of the House to take a recess until
seven and a half o'clock.
Mr. GARTRELL. I object.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It will be un-
derstood that the gentleman from South Carolina
will have the floor as soon as the House reassem-
bles. I hope the proposition of the gentleman
from Missouri will be agreed to, and we shall take
a recess.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. With that un-
derstanding, I ask the gentleman from South Car-
olina to give me the floor to enable me to move to
suspend the rules for that purpose.
Mr. MILES. I am willing to withdraw my
motion, if it is the general understanding that I
shall have the floor whenthe House reassembles.
[Cries of "Agreed I"]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move, then, to
suspend the rules for the purpose of enabling me
to make the motion that the rlouse take a recess
until seven and a half o'clock. I will remark that
it is probable we shall be in session all night; and
I hope the House will take a recess, to enable
members to obtain rest.
II ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
i" rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
j; amined and found duly enrolled bills of the fol-
i: lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
j! An act (H. II. 662) making appropriations for
! j the payment of invalid and other pensions of the
!' United States for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1860.
i: An act (H. R. 889) to provide for the care and
preservation of the works constructed by the
United States, for bringing the Potomac water
into the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
for the supply of said water for all governmental
purposes, and for the uses and benefit of the in-
habitants of tiie said cities.
WIDOWS OR HEIRS OF DECEASED MEMBERS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I ask the gentleman
from Missouri to allow me to introduce a joint
resolution, the object of which is to pay to the
widows or heirs-at-law of deceased members the
