1MQ
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
compensation to which they were entitled at the
tihje of their death. By the decision of the Speaker
in (he case of the widow of the late Thomas L.
Hareis, such compensation cannot be paid unless
hy* the passage of a law for that purpose. The
Committee on Mileage have prepared a joint res-
olution ujhich my colleague,* [Mr. Smith,] the
chairman of that committee, has been endeavor-
ing fyr days to get the floor to report. I ask the
consent of the. House to introduce the resolution.
Mr.-PH ELPS, of Missouri. I will not with-
draw my motion; but, I presume, there will be no
objection to the proposition of the gentleman.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This is no time to
■amend the law regulating compensation of mem-
bers of Congress. I object.
Mr.'MORRIS, of Illinois. I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am appealed to,
on all sides, to yield the floor; but I cannot. I
would, yield willingly under other circumstances.
Mr. MILBlS: When the floor was assigned
to me, I yielded to the gentleman from Missouri
alone.
.The SPEAKER pro tempore 9 (Mr. Bocock in
the chair.) The Chair will state the condition of
the question. The Chair assigned the floor to the
gentleman from South Carolina. The gentleman
from Missouri appealed to the gentleman from
South Carolina to yield him the floor to make a
motion for a recess, which he did; and then I ho
gentleman from Missouri yielded the floor to the !
gentleman from Illinois, in case there was unan-'
imousconseht for the proposition he had to make.
Objection being made, the question recurs on the
motion of the gentleman from Missouri.
The rules were suspended.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question on his motion that the House take
a recess until half past seven o'clock, p. m.
The previous question was seconded, and (ho
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Pending the vote,
On motion of Mr. WORTENDYKE, it was
Ordered^ That leave be granted for the withdrawal fiom
the files ot the House of the papers in the case of Joseph B.
Toombs, in ordei that they may be referred to the proper
Department.
And then the House (at'nino minutes after four
o'clock, p. m.) took a recess until seven and a
half o'clock, p. m.
EVENTING SESSION.
The House resumed its session at seven and a
half o'clock, p. m.
REARRANGEMENT OF THE HALL.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Rocock in
the chair.) When the House took a recess, the
?_uestion pending was a motion of the gentleman
rom South Carolina [Mr. Mii.es] to suspend the
rules for the intioduotion of a report from the
special committee to whom was referred the res-
olution of the House of December 20, directing
them u to consider and report upon the expediency
of removing the prcsentdesks from the Hall, and
making such a rearrangement of the seats of
members as will bring them together into a
smaller space, so as to insure greater facility of
hearing and more orderly debate.
Mr. MILES. Mr. Speaker, I sought the floor
this morning with a view of testing the sense of
the House on the proposition of the select com-
mittee.
Mr. EDIE. Is the motion to suspend the rules
debatable5 :
The SPEAKER. It is not; but the gentleman
from South Carolina has the right to state the
matter upon which a suspension is asked.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object to debate.
Mr. MILES. I ask that the report be read. It
will consume but a minute or two.
Mr. MORGAN. I object.
Mr. BURNETT, I suggest that, as there is
not a quorum present, the report had better be
allowed to be read.
Objection was withdrawn.
The Clerk read the report, as follows:
That they have given the matter duo consideration, and
have come, unanimously, to the conclusion that the re-
moval of the desk-, and bringing members* together into a
moje compact aiea, is not only expedient and de-jrahle. but
would, if effected, be. m itself, a iftost important step to-
wards many legislative reforms. So lar as the desks aie
concerned, your committee feel—some of them from their
own personal experience—that they ha^e become a nui-
sance. The chief argument for retaining them is the strong-
est reason for their abolition, namely: the convenient facil-
ity which they afford members for writing letters and
franking documents. It would certainly seem as if the
very first duly of a Representative in Congress was not
simply to attend bodily m his place, but to listen to, under-
stand, and, when occasion requires it, participate in the
discussions and proceedings of the body of which he is a
member. This h a truth so self-evident that its enuncia-
tion is almost supeifluous. But we ask any honorable
member candidly to say, whether he has found it practica-
ble, in his own experience, while absorbed in writing loiters
at his de>ik, to attend to what is going on in the Hou<e ? If
it be urged that there are tunes when even the most con-
scientious member may feel that he is not called upon to
listen attentively; as during the reading of prosy manusenpt
speeches, or the delivering of ad captandum " Buncombe"
one*, really not addressed to the House, nor intended to
influence its action; still we may reply that the very re-
source of the desks, upon wlneh so many fall back as a
refuge against dullness or empty sound, contributes to per-
petuate the infliction, upon the country,of evils from winch
we manage partially to protect ourselveB. There can be
little doubt that, if there were no desks in the Hall, a very
decided improvement would take place in the character of
congressional speeches. No one, whose misfortune it may
have been to be compelled for any put pose to wade through
the nitejmmable columns of the Daily Globe, can doubt
that this is a " consummation devoutly to be wished." But
it is not meiely because the desks withdraw the attention
of members fiom the business legitimately before them—
which it is their sworn and paid duty to attend to—that
their removal is desirable.
The space occupied by the present arrangement of chairs
and desks is so laige that it is always difficult and some-
times impossible for tho-se at a distance from the Clerk or
lioni the member speaking, to hear distinctly. This ari^e-*
not from any a con sue defect tn the Hall, but simply fiom its
immense size. The result is, that resolutions have to be
rcpoited or remarks repeated so often that not only much
valuable time is lost, but a degree of noise and confusion
ensues verv unf.ivoiable to calm and deliberate discussion,
ft mav not be inappropriate m this connection to remark that
the English House of Commons, numbeiing six bundled
and fifty-four members, holds Us sessions in a hall very
much smaller than oui own, which has to accommodate
but two bundled and thirty-six member's. Neither Lords
nor Commons, however, in England, have desks, and the
arrangement of their seats in consequence is so compact
as to bring them into a comparatively concentrated area.
Your committee have conferred freely with Captain
Meigs, the able and accomplished supeiintendeut^of the
Capitol extension, who very kindly, at their instance, pie-
pat od a diagram of the floor of the liouse, to a^i>t them in
tlx u examination. lie aNo went thiough with them va-
rious measurement^, both on the drawing and in ihc Hall
itself, with a view to ascertain into how much ^mallei space
membi'ts might be eomibnably and conveniently seated.
As the icsiilt of the^e exju'iunents, we are authorized to
sav that Captain Meigs consideis it peifactlv piacttcnhle to
make such an arrangement of seats as will bnmj meinbeis
nciU enough tosjeiher io see and hear each oilier distinctly.
Tin* is Mnely ugreatde-aderamm.and oin ht in itself'to tec-
oncile members to the loss of the pur civ selfish enjoyment
ot then desks. When honoiable gentlemen can make them-
selves- heai <i without screaming themselves hoarse, and hope
to catch the Speaker's eye and obtain the floor without
scrambling lor it with the noise and vociferation of school
boys sciiimbhng for an apple ; when the distinct reading of
a resolution or lepnttonee or twice from the Clerk's desk
will put the entire House in possession of it, we may then
expect to have quiet, decorous, and oiderly debate; real,
legitimate discussion of the subjcct-mattcr pending before
us, instead of interminable discussions, de quolibet entr, ad-
dressed in point of laet to different constituencies, ami not
even intended for tiie ear of the House.
To meet the objection winch may be urged against the
removal of the desks, that they are necessity at tunes for
the pinpo>e of witling lesolution* or supporting books of
icleicrice, &o., wi: would sav, that in the rearrangement of
the Hall, in i he plan contemplated, ample facilities would be
afforded tor the-e pntpo-es. A table placed in the open <pace
in fionr of the Speaker's ^eat would, in itself, be sudieient
for both the>e objects, and would be a convenient spot from
which to lead extracts from aullioiHies cited in debate.
Large tables mightalso be placeo in the corneisof the Hall,
and supplied w.lh willing material*. Besides, u ill) oui
present convenient refirmy looms. so immediarelv adjacent
and opening upon our own private lobby, thete would be
abundant opportunity 101 wining afloided those who might
at any pai tieular tune not eon-idei their pre.-e.ncc nece^aiy
in the House. It would require but a few seconds, cer-
tainly not half a minute, to summon a member fiom either
ot ihesc looms m case ot a vote, oi ihe coming up of any
matter in which he might leel an mteic<t
In conclusion, your committee have to say, that they
verily believe that, small and compaidtively insignificant as
the reform which they advocate may now seem. \ et, should
the House, adopt it, the advantages winch wHl flow from it
will very soon be so numerous and apparent as not only to
impiesf Congres?, but the countiy at huge. It will then be
a matter of surprise to all that a plan so simple, natural, and
obvious, should not have been sooner adopted.
Vour committee recommend the passage of the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the superintendent of the Capitol exten-
sion be directed, after the adjournment of the piesent ses-
sion of Congress, to remove the desks from the Hall of the
House, and to make such a rearrangement of the seats of
members as will bnng them together into the smallest con-
venient space. WM. PC)RUHEII MILES,
GEO II. PENDLETON,
J. LETCHER,
E. JOY MORRIS,
I. WASHBURN, Jr.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Is the question
now on suspending the rules to enable the gentle-
man from South Carolina to introduce the reso-
lution ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Then I hope
the rules will be suspended.
Several Members. I hope they will not.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I am satisfied
that it will be the greatest reform that can be ac-
complished by this Congress.
[Loud cries to order.]
Mr. MILES called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alii, Andrews, Atkins, Barksdale, Barr,
Bingham,Blair, Bhvs, Bocock,Boyce, Brayton, Bryan, Bur-
hngame, Burnett, Burns, Case, Cavanaugh, Chapman, Hor-
ace F. Ckuk, dawson, John Cochrane, Comins, Corning,
Crawford, Cm tis, Davidson. Davis of Mary land. Davis f>f In-
diana, Davit of Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Dow-
dell, Durfee, Edmundson, Elliott, Farnsvvorth, Fenron, Flor-
ence, Foster, Garnett, Gilman, Goodwin, Greenwood,
Gregg, Groesbeek, Grover, Lawrence w. Hall, Robert B.
Half, JJarlan, Haskin, Hatch, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill,
Hoard, Hopkins, Horton, Howard, Hughes, Jewett, George
VV. Jones, Owen Jones, Keitn, Kelsey, Knapp, Jacob M.
KuuUel, John C. Kunkel, Lamar, Landy, Leidy, Letcher,
Love]ov, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Marshall, Matte-
son. Miles, Moore, Moigan, Edward Joy Moiris, Oliver A.
Morse, Murray, Nichols", oim. Palmer, Parker, Pendleton,
Peyton, William VV. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Powell, Ready, Reagan, Reillv, Ricaud, Roberts, Rullin,
Savage, Scott, Scaring, Judson W. Sherman, Singleton*
William Smith, Spinner, Stalluorth, Stanton, James A.
Stewart, William Stewait, Talbot, Tappan, Geoige Taylor,
Miles Taylor, Thayer, Vallandigham, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wlntcley, Augus-
tus R. Wriyht, and John V. Wright—123.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Avery, Bennett, Bowie. Buffin-
ton, Chaffee, John B. Clark, Clav, Cobb, Clark B.Coch-
rane, Colfax, Covode, Davis of Iowa, Dewart, Diminick,
Edie, English, Foley, Gartrell, Gooeh, Harris, Ilodgee,
Houston, Jackson, Kellogg, Leach, Maclay, McQueen,
Maynard, Morrill, Isaac N. Monis, Fieeman II. Morse,
Ntblaek, Pettit, John S. Phelps, Ritchie, Robbms, Itovce,
Russell, Sandidge, Scales, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Robert
Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Stevenson, Tompkins, Vance,
Wade, Waldron, Waid, Ellihu B. VVashbume, White,
Wood, Woodson, and Zollicofi'er—56.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the rules
were suspended.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, not being in the
Hall when his name was called, asked leave to
vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. UNDERWOOD made a similar request.
Objection was made.
Mr. McRAE stated that, if he had been in the
Hall when his name was called, he would have
voted for the removal of the desks.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate,
through Mr. Dickins, its Secretary, notifying the
House that the Senate had passed an act (S. No.
601) to localize certain informal entries of town
sites in the Territory of Nebraska; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrcnce of the House.
ARRANGEMENT OF THE HALL.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
It is impossible to hear or understand anything
that is going on in the hall.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I submit, Mr.
Speaker, that that is owing to the desks, [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MILES. I now ask to submit the reso-
lution to the House and move the previous ques-
tion.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Superintendent of the Capitol exten-
sion be directed, after the adjournment of the present session
oi Congress, to remove the desks from the Hall of the House,
and to make such a re-arrangement of the seats of members
as will bring them together into the smallest convenient
space.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay the resolution on the table; and on that I call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLAY. Is it proper to inquire what is to
become of these desks that have cost ninety or
one hundred dollars apiece?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. They will be
retained, so as, if the experiment be not success-
ful, they may be returned to the hall.
Mr. KELSEY. I have an amendment which
will provide for that, if I get an opportunity to
offer it.
Mr. McRAE. I want to see them consigned
to the tomb of the Capulets.
