1859,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sm
entered in a ie:nstei, with eveiv sepai ate post office, and
The amount of its reveuue. At least ten thousand bids will
have to bo indorsed, examined, and recorded; then ac-
ceptances sent out, ami teeorded, and afterwards foui thou-
sand contract-*, all by the ist July next
These labors cannot be duly performed by the regular
cleiks alone, ni addition to their euirent duties, which, of
themselves, are heavy and increasing, and tlieie are many
other demands, besides those above specified, for extra ser-
vice-, which are constantly arising, i am, therefore, again
constrained to submit to Congress the nece^-itv ot appro-
priating a Fwn of money not le.-s than (he thousand dol-
lars, ($.5,000,) out of which tempotary clciks may be paid,
as requited by the exigencies of the public s-eiviee.
I have the honor to be, very rc-pectfullv, vour obedient
servant, AAllON V. BROWN,
PoUwaUcr General.
Hon. William H. English, Chairman Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, House of Representatives.
Mr. HASKIN. Mr. Speaker, I move that this
joint resolution be laid upon the table. I can see
no propriety in increasing the expenses of that
Department. It already costs the Government
twice as much as it did under the last Adminis-
tration , and I hope that my motion will be carried.
Mr. GREENWOOD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Haskin, and
Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The House was divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 70.
Mr. FLORENCE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPINNER. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads a question. I desire to know how many
hours a day these clerks are employed in the Post
Office Department?
A Member. From nine to throe o'clock.
Mr. SPINNER. That is only six hours, while
I work not less than fifteen hours a day.
Mr. ENGLISH. These clerksare notyetem-
ployed at all. flTho bill authotizes the Postmaster
General to employ four cletks temporarily, not
to cxcced twelve months, and not to excced in
expense #4,800.
Mr. SPINNER. That is no answer to my
question. If the clerks cannot accomplish the
labor desired m the few hours they are now em-
ployed, let them work more hours. If they would
work as many hours as members of the House
do, there would be no necessity for an increase of
the force.
The question was then taken; and it was de-
cided in the affirmative—yeas 103, nays 80; as
follows:
YEAS—Adram, Andiew, Bmehain, I?h=g, flo
cock, Branch, Ihajton. Jiuffinton. Burroughs, (J<w, Chap-
man, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark, Claw^on, Clark B.
Cochrane, Colfax, Comms. Cowult;, Curry, Curti*, Davis
of Matyland, Davn of Indiana, Dawe>s, Dean, l)iefc, Dodd,
Dowdell, Ihirtee, Edre, Eintn, Farn-worth, Fenton, Gar-
neit, Ciddinirs, (iiluran. Cxihuer, Uooeh. Granger, Ilailan,
Haskin, Iliokman, Hoard, Ilodgco, Howard, Ivellogg, Kel-
pey, Kilgore, Knapp, Leaeh, Leitci, Letcher. Lovejoy,
McKibbm, Samuel S.'Matshail. Matte^on. Maynard, iMont-
fomeiy, Morgan. Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, J^aac N.
Motn-*, Freeman II Monc,Murray, Nichols Olin, l'almt'i,
Parker, Pouit, Pike, Potur, Pottle, Powell, Ptimancc,
Kearlv, Ihcaud, Ritchie, Tlobbms, Roberts, Jloyee, Kullin,
Scale-, Aaion'Shaw, Henry M. rrhaw, John Sherman,
Judson W. Sherman, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart,
Tappars, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Underwood, Val-
landieham, Vance, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton,
Cadwaladoi C. Washburn, EIliliu B. Wa%hburne, Wilson,
and ZolheolTer—103.
NAYS — Messrs. Aid, Anderson, Atkins Baik^dale.
Bishop, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Biyan. Burnett, Bums,
Oarutheis, John B. Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane,Cockerill,
Corning. Cox, James Craig, Davidson. Davis of Iowa,
Dewart, Edmund-on, English, Eloience. Foley, Foster, Gar-
trell, Gilhs?. GJoode, Greenwood, Gregg, Lawrence W. Hall,
Hatch, Hawking Hopkins, Hoi ton, Hughes, Iluyler, Jack-
son, Je wet t.Geotge W. Jones, Keiin, Lamar, Landy, Leidy,
Maclay, McQueen, McRae, Mason, Mile*. Miller, Milium,
Mooie", Niblack, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W.
Pbelp>, Keairan, Ru^^el!, Sandidge, Pcott, Searing, Seward,
Shorter, Singleton, &amiiel A. South, Stall worth, Stephens,
Stevenson. Jame^ A. Stewart, Talbot, George Taylor, Wat-
kms, White. YVhiteley, Wuisiow, Wood, YVortendyke, and
Augustus It. Wright— b3.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. FOSTER stated that his colleague, Mr,
Abbott, was detained from the House in con-
sequence of an injury received from a fall upon
the ice.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Ivunkel, was so much indisposed
as to make it improper that he should be in at-
tendance on the House.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, stated that Mr.
Trippf, was too unwell to attend the House yes-
terday, anO is still confined to his room.
M^. PHELPS, of Missouri, stated that his col-
league was still too unwell to attend the sittings
of the House.
Mr. COVODE said: I desire to explain my
vote. I do not wish it to be understood that I de-
sire to trammel the Administration; but as the
Post Office Department was able to dispense with
the services of at least one clerk from that Depart-
ment, for weeks before the last election, and send
him into my district in Pennsylvania, to operate
against me, and to vote against me, when his
family was residing in this city, I think I am not
called upon to vote"an increase of force for that
Depaitment.
The result was then announced as above.
Mr. HASKIN moved to reconsider the vote,
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING EVIDENCE.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to ask permission of the
House that that committee, under the restriction
of the same privilege to print granted at the last
session, be permitted to have printed the evi-
dence taken in the examination which is now
progressing before that committee. The evidence
will be somewhat voluminous, and the commit-
tee can, with the proper care and attention which
were exercised last session, have it printed as the
examination proceeds.
Leave to print was granted.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 ask that a similar onW may
be granted in the case of the special committee to
investigate the accounts of the late*Superintoml-
ent of Public Printing. It would greatly facilitate
the business of that committee.
Leave to print was granted.
POSTAGE ON NEWSPAPERS.
Mr, ENGLISH, from the Committee on the*
Post OfTice and Post Roads, reported a bill regu-
lating the payment of postage on newspapers and
periodicals, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time. *
Mr. ENGLISH, I send to the Clerk's table a
letter from the Postmaster General, in regard to
that hill.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman desire
to put the hilkon its passage?
Mr. ENGLISH. Yes,"sir.
Mr. MORGAN: Let the bill be read.
The bill was read."' It declares it lawful for per-
sons known as regular dealers in newspapers and
periodicals, to receive by mail such quantities of
either as they may require, and pay the postage
thereon as they may be received, at the some rates
as regular subscribers to such publications.
The sccond section declares that maps, engrav-
ings, lithographs, or photographic prints on roll-
ers, shall be charged with postage oy the weight
of the package, at the rate of one cent, the ouncc
or fraction of the ounce, to any place within the
United States.
The third section declares that every person
who shall receive or take any sum of money to
be applied to the payment of postage on any letter
to be mailed or received from the mail, and who
shall omit, to apply or use the money so received
, for the payment of such postage; and every person
j who shall receive any letter from another to be
deposited m any post office, and fraudulently
omit to deposit {he same in such post office; and
every person who shall take from the post office
any letter addressed to another person for the
purpose of delivering the same to such other per-
son, and shall fraudulently omit to deliver the
same; and every person who shall receive letters
for others from the post office, either fraudulently
or by mistake, and shall omit or neglect to return
the same immediately to the post office or to the
person or persons to whom they are addressed,
shall, on conviction thereof, be fined, not exceed-
ing $100, or imprisoned not exceeding one year,
or both, at the discretion of the court.
The fourth section declares that the Auditor of
the Treasury for the Post Office Department shall
have charge of all lands and other property that"
have been, or shall be, set off or conveyed to the
United States in payment of debts due to the Post
Office Department, and of all trusts created for the
use of said Department m payment of debts due
thereto; and gives the Auditor power, with the
consent of the Postmaster General, to sell, dis-
! pose of, and convey tfll such lands and other prop-
j erty.
! Mr, ENGLISH. I ask the attention of the
I House to the reading of a letter from the Post-
■ master General, explaining the provisions of this
bill, and the necessity for us passage.
The letter was read, as follows:
Post Office Department, January 24,1850.
Sir : Your note ot the 9:3d instant, covering the inclosed
proposed section* of a law, with the icquot for a report
upon the necessity and expediency of passing such law,
has been received.
In answer, I have to snate that the first section isneces^
=ary, m order to enable regular dealers m newspapers and
periodicals to receive the-same in such quantities as they
may inquire, at the same rates as regular subscribers to
such publications, paying the postage on rceeipt. This is
considered right and proper-, for the reasons fully set forth
in the memorial, now before your committee, from the pub-
lishers of New York. Where publications are thus sent
to regular dealers for sale, the sales being greater some
weoki than in others, it appears to be reasonable that they
should be allowed to go at the lowest rates, and in sirch
quantities from week to week, as the dealers may require;
without their being obliged to pay for a certain number of
copies bj tire quarter. Besides/it would seem to be good
policy to encourage the sending; of such xn the mails, m-
: stead of by express?.
j The second sgctton is necessary, to enable the Depart-
, ment to charge by weight of package, including the roller
< and wrapper of engiavrngs, &c. Under the exiting law,
i no charge can be made for the weight of the wrapper on
| punted matter, when sent as such ; hence the Department
j has been obliged to prohibit the conveyance of engravings
; on rollers, except at letter rates, notwithstanding paitios
sending have .thvavs been willing to pay at the rate of
printed matter for the whole weight of the package.
1 have added a third section in accordance with the Lou-
isiana memorial transmitted by you in another letter of the
;2-)d irritant, and herewith returned, and recommend its
j adoption. Tim section aho embraces provisions to meet
, ca^en of the fraudulent application of moneys icceivcd by
I persons to be applied to the payment of postage, of fraudu-
: lent neglect to deport letteis in the po i ofhee, oi to do-
In er Inters received for others from the post office, all
i whirh provision** are deemed necessary to perfect the ex-
, istrng law on that subject.
A lourth section h added, conferring certain powers on
the Auditor of the Treasury for the Post Office Department,
The Auditor ha*, really, charge of all lands and other prop-
erty held by the United States tor the use of this Depart-
ment, and actually disposes of the .same ; but much mcou-
| vemence and unnnce-sary labor are oeea-anned to that
j oliieer in being compelled* to furnish The Solicitor of the
! Tieasury with de^ertptionsof thelands*old,andinrequest-
! ing him to execute deeds therefor, &c\ This section is re-
j carded as nece^ary to avoid tins inconvenience and con-
! sequent delay. .
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
| AARON V. BROWN.
! Hon. Wii.mam FI English, Chairman Committee on the
J Post Officc and Pot>t Roads, House oj Representatives.
\ Mr. ENGLISH. I call the previous question
j on the passage of the bill.
I Mr. WALBttlDGE. It seems to me that this
i bill requires a little more examination than the
i House is able to give it on tins occasion, if it be
J now put upon its passage. 1 therefore move that
i the bill be referred to the Committee of the Whole
• on the state of the Union, and ordered to be
i printed.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded, arid that cuts off the motion of
the gentleman. v
Mr. MORGAN. If the gentleman insists on
the previous question, I will move to lay the biil
on the table. Not one half of the members of the
House can possibly tell what is in the bill,
j Mr. ENGLISH. I withdraw the previous
! question, for the purpose of saying that I have
t no feohngon the subject, and thatif it be thepleas-
! ure of the House to fix a day for its consideration,
! I have no objection.
j Mr. WALDKIDGE. I now move that the bill
i be referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. ENGLISH. I now renew the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the biil was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
MAIL STEAMERS TO GREAT BRITAIN*'
Mr. WOOD, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post, Roads, reported a bill to establish
a national line of mail steamships between cer-
tain ports of the United States and Great Britain;
which was read a first and second time, and or-
dered to be printed.
Mr. ENGLISH presented an amendment to
the bill, which took the same direction.
Mr. HORTON. I ask, from a minority of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Koada, to
