mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January
report a bill as a substitute; and I ask that it may
take the same course as the bill of the majority.
It was so ordered.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. . I desire to say
that neither of these reports has my sanction as
a member of the Committee.
clfuks to committers.
Mr. ITORTON. T am authorized by the Com-
mittee on the Po*! OfTiC1 and Post Roads to report
back Lho memonal of W. Loo, wiih the r^solil-
lation conviehended in it, and to recommend the
passage of the resolution.
Tne resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved* That the Mandiii<r committees of the IIou«e
which at tiio laj-ts^inn thereof wcro autiiouzed tocmploy
clerks, hu authorized to employ clerkd for the present ses-
sion, at the same rate of compensation, and that their com-
pensation behom the date of their service.
 Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
how that resolution comes before the House now ?
There was no motion pending to recommit it
when the House went into the Committee of the
Whole on Friday.
The SPEAKER. This is another resolution,
based upon another memorial.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. From another
committee?
The SPEAKER. Yes.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I ask if the
mornimr hour has not expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I move that
the House proc/M d to the consideration of the
business on tin- Speaker's table.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Orcoisia. I hope the
House will allow the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads to finish their reports to-
day.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 submit the mo-
tion that the inles be suspended, and that the
House r-solve nself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CRAIG, or Missouri. 1 hope my colleague
wili withdraw tiiat motion. 1 wish to make a ic-
port from the Post Other ComniuUe.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missoun. Aty colleague
could not do it now, as there ia a repoi t fi om that
committee aheady pending before the House and
undisposed of.
Air. S 1'EtHIENS, of Geor-rm. If we do not
spend more time in looeivmg reports from com-
mittees, the call will not be got through with tins
session; and I trust the House will vole down
the motion to go into the Committee of the W hole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. MORGAN. 1 object to deb,tie.
the franking privilege.
Mr. ENGLISH- 1 tise (on puvilewed ques-
tion I move to ioeonsider the vole by winch the
bill to abolish the franking privilege was refcried
to the Committee of the Whole on the stale of
the Union.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I would surest
to the genl Ionian, that pei haps he hud hettei post-
pone making that motion until to-morrow, be-
cause if he enu is it now it will prevent the print-
ing of the bill.
The SPEAKER. No; the gentleman does not
move to reconsider the vote on the motion order-
ing the prmiin<? of the bill.
Mr. ENGLISH. No, sir; only the vote on
the motion to commit.
Mr. STEPHENS, ofGeoigia. I demand the
yeas and nays on the motion of the gentleman
from Missouri.
The yeii;: and nays were ordered.
The question win. taken; and it was decided in
the aifiunauvg—yeas lX;3, nays C3; as follows:
YEAS—Mi.'v rs. Anciii'W-i. IJarr, [-llhnghur^t, Birt<:ham,
Bh.->-, Diane!). i'r.i} fun, JJu-'htitoH, Cuii; •, Bunou$h->, ('as-e,
Cu-dvie. Chapman. kzm Clark. Jloiace i.\ Clark, Clausoti,
Cobb, Chiik i>. Coeiuane, Uuha\. ComtnsOovode, Cuigin,
Burton Ci:u;:". < 'urr\, Cm u>-. Havi* o! Mat > land, llav ib of
Mas-s'&chufet! . D.iv.e*,. Dc.ui, Hiek, Dodtl. Dowdeil. Jhn.'eo,
Eche. t'aniMvoiui. iVnioii. i'o-t'M, Ga. ,irtt. Gih;t;m. Cil-
rnur. Gooch. Coo,; , G ai>L" i. Ih'i! in. 1 iai i k-, il.i.-ksu. Uaw-
kins, Hickman, Hoard, impkn.>, fi<>i t'Ui. I'on ton J low ard,
.Ionian,-, tJi.'orjje W. Jone^. Keite. Ivoliojir, K:'l~e_\, Ki'L'oie,
Kn.ipp. Leitei, Letcher. Lowjm, McUuoen, famuel tf.
Mai ..-hail. \!a>on. Mattes-on. M.u j.aui. Miles, Mont^onieiy,
M<«oio..Mu,juu Mori ill, Edu.iid Joj Monk-, Isaac N. Mor-
ns. /"(••'•iniri U Miism1, Oliver A.".Motto. Molt. Munay.
Ohjj. P<i! ni r. Paikor. IVtut, Pe\ton. John S- l'help^. Pin)'
hp,. i'omr. Pottle, Purvianoe, Ready, Reagan,
Ritchie, Roblans, Roberts, Royee, Rufrin, Scales, Searing,
Henry M. Shaw, John Sherman, Jmlson "VV. Sherman, WU-
liam Smith, Spinnpr, Stallwortb, Stanton, Stevenson,Tap-
pan, Miles Tavlor, Thavei, Thomp-on, Tompkins. Under-
wood, Vance. W.ule. Waibrd'/e. Wnldioti. Walton, Ward,
CatU'-Vuiior C. Wa^hbutii, Eilmu B. Wa^hburne, Wilson,
ansl V  ood—1.23.
NAYS—AI.—. -\lil, Andenon, 'Vtkia'^, Averv. Baiks-
(It'c, Coc '«:k. Ihcil's.'io, Bvwio. Iloycc, Uaruthcrs,
Jo'm !'>. Cl.i'k. Clay. .lo'm (Jochrane. ('ockenll, Cuinina:,
Cox, Jvime-Oarr. i)avui-.oii, Davi.-ol Mi.->i->ippi. Dew ait,
Ediniiml-oa, h, Floienee, Et)le>. Ga.t'-'il. Green-
wood, CVe' *. Gio.^'brok. f^'iwiojie" W. Hall.
^ rhiv'er.Jack o:i, .Tewett. L.unar, I, and v. f.awienfe. Leitiy,
Miller, Nditack, PeniH<;ton, Withani VV. PlH'lp^,
Hu--?IJ, SavuT', JJewud, Aaron Snuw. StT.^leton, Itoooit
fansn. I A ^nrth, PtephoiH, Jame- A. Stewait,
T.'dliot, G'u'S'1 Taylo}. Vallandi^ham, Watkin^, White,
Wi;ite!ey, WnMtnv, Wood-on, Woitendyke, Augustus R.
Wright, and Zollicolfei—63.
So the motion was agreed to.
The rules wore accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Stevenson
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of |
the
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the pending ques-
tion was on I he amendment of the gentleman from
Georgia. [Mr. Seward,] to strike out, m lines
twenty-three and twenty-four ''$50,000," and in-
sert in lieu thereof, "$13,500;" so that the clause
would tead:
Tor oontirigont expense5; of all the minion* abioad,
$i:(.500. |
The amendment was rejected. j
Mr. MORGAN I would like fo know why
this amount of $40,000 for the purchase of blank-
books, presses, seals, fla^s, the payment of post- ;
ages, &e., is needed. I was up at the State Do- j
purmvmt the other day, and 1 found there a laru;o |
loom filled with blank-books, presses, fla^s, and >
all these aruclesexeept postage stamps. I should
think theie are enou h of them there to last for
twenty yeais; but I will compromise on ten yvtus,
dnd move to reduce the amount. j
Mr. PHELPS, of Musouii. If T understand
the renmik of the gentleman from New Yoikjhe ;
gives, us a reason for reducing this appropriation, '
that there is a su}]icient amount of money already '
propinited for this purpose.
Ir. MORGAN. iSo, s:r; I oulv state—and -
I have been so informed by the Depaitment—that ,
thoie aie enough of the articles enumerated here i
now on hand to last for mauv yeais to come. |
Mr. PHELPS, of Mirfsouri. I have no such
mfoi mat ion. Th is appropriation iw necossary for 1
the purpose of procuring articles whii-h are re-
quired  n the transaction of the business of con- j
sails. You must recollect thai you have instructed 1
your consuls to obtain information in reference
to the liado and commerce of the respectivecoun-
tites where they are located, and that information
j s 11 no snuffed to the Secietnry of Slate, and to
bi" fount! m the annual repoi t on eonnneictal rela-
tions;.md ihih appiopi latum is nece.->aiy.
Mr. MORGAN. Wel!,l move to loduco the
appi npi iiituMi f-H' these items to ^10,000. 1 make
tlie motion in «ood faith, for 1 have not a particle
of doubt that that, is all that will be.required. If
I believed that more was necessary I certainly
would not oppose if; but 1 believe that $10,000
will be amply sufficient. 1 ask lor tellers on my
amendment.
Tt lleis were not ordered.
The amendment was disagiecd to—ayes 4o,
noo.s 75.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. 1 move fur-
ther to anund by reducing the appropriation to
$20,000. 1 move that amendment because, as far
as 1 have any knowledge of this subject, no blank-
hooks and no stationery are sent out ftom the
State Department to the consulates of the United
Slates; as far as I know, none are sent to any of
the legations; and, therefore, if this appropria-
tion for blank-books and sfauoneiy js for the use
of the consulates, it seems to me that it has not
been applied to the purpose for winch it was ni-'
j: tended. Henco, with the knowledge I have on
fi the subject, I think this appiopimtion should be
,, reduced, unless the chairman of the Committee
i; of Ways and .Means can §ive us some informa-
tion shown)'; how it is to be expended,
i Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am opposed to
| the amendment of the gentleman from Pennhyl-
i vania. The consular act provides that the con-
| suls at the various stations shall make up certain
I records, and they have suitable blank-books made
!„pk[
up and furnished them for that purpose. In some
cases they have been furnished by the State De-
partment. They are also under that law entitled
to the stationery nece.--.savy tor the discharge of
their public duties, to be furnished them, or they
are to he paid for it if they furnish it themselves.
The act of 1636 imposes upon the consuls of the
United States duties other than those required by
the preceding law. They are required to obtain
all the information in their power in relation to
the countries where they arc stationed, and all
the information within their power in relation to
the commerce between those countries and this
country, and to report the same to the proper
De partment.
And, sir, this stationery and these blank-books
arc not only furnished to the consuls receiving sala-
ries from this Government, but they are furnished
to many consuls who receive no salaries. It will
be recollected that the act of 1856 remodeled the
entire consular system. It provides that there
shall be consulates at certain ports, with a fixed
salary, where the consuls shall be prohibited from
engaging m trade; and that nil the fees received
at such consulates shall be paid into the Treasury
of the United States. It also provides for another
class of consuls, who shall receive the fees of
their office, and who shall also be allowed to en-
gage m trade, but shall receive no salary. All
these consulsare required to furnish the informa-
tion to which I have referred; and to enable them
to perform that duty, stationery and blank-books
are furnished to them. But if the Government
will look a little further, they will find that this
appropriation not only embraces stationery, but
flags, arms, and seals, the payment of postage, and
other miscellaneous expenses, as well as blank-
books and stationery. The sum here appropri-
ated is no more than has heretofore been appro-
priated; and the amount heretofore appropriated
has been found no more than is sufficient to meet
the expenses payable out of the appropriation.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. The gentle-
man from Missouri has explained the appropri-
ation, and I will withdraw my amendment. He
says that blank-books and stationery are sent out
to the various consulates at this time, which I
know was not the case previous to the year 1856.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move to amend by adding
the following proviso:
Provided, That no blank-hooks, seals, pre^es, or flags
be heut to the eonMilates at (iuebec and Havana.
Mr. Chairman, I trust the committee will see
the propriety and peitinency of adopting that
; proviso. We are on the eve of great events. It
j has become a matter of history—in fact our ven-
: erable President recommends it, and asserts that
i " manifest destiny" icquires—that the Island of
j Cuba belongs to us, and is a necessary acquisi-
j tion to the United States. You know, also, Mr.
j Chairman, that history declares that measures
! are in their inception for,the purpose of prose-
i cutinii' this identical recommendation of the Chief
, Magistrate. My friend from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
1 worth, j the other day, rose to introduce a reso-
1 lution looking to the acquisition or the Canadas.
| Now.su, 1 am'a ertat hehevtr in " manifest
! destiny." A caucus iias been assembled in the
! other end of the Capitol, which has declared that
the acquisition of Cuba must he accomplished.
St. Tammany, also, has spoken, and has de-
clared that the thing shall be done. Now, being,
| as I said, a believer in the doctrine of" manifest
! destiny," brin* in juror of filUbusterhm for Cuba,
| and in favor of the acquisition of the Canadas,
■ and liritish North America, and being m favor
| of taking Greenland, as a sort of potato patch,
i [laughter,] and in favor of extending our juiis-
| diction over the <( jest of mankind," supposing
j that my friends on the other side of the iiouse
! are serious in their intention to acquire Cuba, and
- that my friends on this side are serious in their
! intention to annex the Canadas, gentlemen will
; see that it is useless to expend money upon con-
i suiates which m six months will have expired,
i because the country in which they are situated
^ would belong to the United States. [Laughter.]
These are my reasons foi offering this amend-
ment, which now, with the consent of the com-
mittee, I will withdraw.
There being no objection, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr* HOPKINS. I move to amend by insert-
