1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
591
frig, between lines forty-three and forty-four, the
following:
For salary of minister resident at Japan, from 19th Jan-
uary, 1859, to the 30ili of June next, §3,375.
For salary of minister resident at Japan, $7,500.
I have simply to say upon this amendment,
that it is offered in good faith,j^id in pursuance
of the recommendation of the Secretary of State.
The committee is aware that TownsencjpHnrris,
who recently negotiated a treaty with the Gov-
ernment ofUapan, has been since appointed resi-
dent minister to that country; and I believe,
though I am not certain, that his nomination has
been confirmed by the Senate. If it has not, I
presume it will be. This amendment is simply
intended to provide for Mr. Harris a salary which
the law now gives to ministers resident.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I am opposed to
this amendment for two reasons. First, I believe
the President has no right to appoint this minister
until an appropriation is first made. That ques-
tion was discussed yesterday, and from the argu-
ment made by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Bocohk,] it is very clear that the President has
no more right to appoint a minister to Japan than
he has to make new judges of the Supieme Court.
The President has appointed a minister to Japan,
or in other words, he has made a minister out of
a commercial agent, after the acts of the com-
mercial agent have shown that a minister is not
needed. This commercial agent negotiated a
treaty, and he negotiated it under the law of 1856.
By the law of 3856, the President of the United
States may require our consuls at foreign ports to
perform such diplomatic duties as may be neces-
sary. By the law, these consular agents are paid
fixed salaries, and the law imposes upon tlicm
such diplomatic duties as the President may di-
rect. It seems to me that these commercial agents
are competent to do all that is necessary to be
done in Japan. We have no diplomatic inter-
course with Japan except of a commercial char-
acter, and a commercial agent or consul is the ap-
propriate officer to perform such duties. The
salary is liberal under the law of 1856, and it seems
to me it is well enough to let these commcrcial
agents and consuls perform the duties imposed
upon them by law. There is certainly no neces-
sity now for sanctioning what I regard as an
usurpation t>y the President, and create an office
which I think does not exist by law.
Mr. HOPKINS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman, if he can refer me to a.single instance in
which Congress has passed any law authorizing
the appointment to a mission, before the appoint-
ment of the minister had been made by the Exec-
tive? and whether the uniform practice of the
Government has not been first to recognize the
appointment by an appropriation to pay the sal-
ary? and secondly, if it be the purpose of this com-
mittee to break up.the diplomatic corps and to
transfer their duties to the cousuls of the United
States, whether he would refuse the same rate of
compensation to those agents of the Government
that he would give to those of the diplomatic corps?
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. 1 will answer the
last question first. Section twelve of the law of
1856, expressly authorizes the President of the
United States to impose upon our commercial
agents diplomatic functions; and it expressly pro-
hibits them from receiving additional pay for per-
forming such services. We all know that diplo-
matic services, required of consular agents, aie of
a slight character, perhaps only the writing of a
single letter during the year, and that is all they
are called upon to perform.
In answer to the first question, I will say to the
gentleman that the mere appropriation of money
by Congress for a minister to a foreign country
is itself the law, and i believe, so far as my
knowledge extends, that the appointment of a
minister to China was the first in which a minis-
ter was appointed without a previous law or ap-
propuation. This was done by PresidentTyler,
for the special benefit of Caleb Cushing; and the
Democrats of that time denounced it as a usurp-
ation of authority, if you will look into the
Congressional Globe you will find that the nom-
ination of Mr. Cushing was resisted in the Sen-
ate. Theassumpuonof power byTylerin sending
Cushing to China, without having first the au-
thority of law, or the sanction of the Senate,
created quite a strife in Congress. Now we are
following a precedent denounced by Democrats
only a few years ago, and we are doing it without
objection,
Mr, PHILLIPS. I move to amend the amend- i
ment by inserting at the end of the first paiagraph I
the words " at the rate of $7,500 per annum." j
My object is to have an opportunity to say a t
few word's in reply to views which were expressed ;
yesterday by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. j
fcococK,] and reiterated to-day by a gentleman i
from Ohio. The Constitution of thoTJnited Suites
is clear in giving this authority and power, and I
may say it has never been distinctly questioned,
or so distinctly questioned as now. And the au-
thority referred toby the gentleman from Virginia,
who 1 regret to see is not in his place, does not
sustain, for one moment, the views he presented
to the House. The speech of the Hon. Mr. Nich-
olas, of Virginia, upon that occasion, was con-
fined exclusively to the question of compensation.
No question was raised as to the right of the Pres-
ident to nominate and appoint where tie pleased.
Further on in that debate—and I showed it to the
gentleman yesterday—a distinguished memberof •
Congress (Mr. Nicholas) asserted, in his place,
that when the President had made an appoint-
ment, and had communicated that fact to Con-
gress, Congress might do all the rest, fix the sal-
ary, and make every arrangement, except to ques-
tion the authority of the President to appoint the
minister.
Tliat authority was universally conceded, and
conceded in express terms upon the occasion of
that argument.
Now, when gentlemen ask what distinction
would be drawn between the power to appoint !
judges of the Supreme Court and the power to !
appoint embassadors, the answer is obvious. In !
the first place, a treaty has the effect of a law, ■
and there is hardly an embassador appointed who \
is not appointed under the pi ovisions of a treaty. :
Therefore, we have a positive law for the appoint- :
ment of almost every embassador, and certainly* j
for this minister resident at Japan. The Presi- |
dent has power to appoint embassadors, and !
power to appoint judges of the Supreme Court, j
But, say gentlemen, there is a limit to his power; i
may he appoint an unlimited number of judges ? i
No, sir; that tribunal is controlled and limited by J
law; and Congress has, among its enumerated I
powers, the right to limit the number of judges !
oC'tlie Supreme Court. If any gentleman upon \
this floor will find anions: the enumerated powers !
of Congress? any power thus to restrain the Pres- ]
ident in the appointment of diplomatic agents, let I
him point it out? !
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. 1 desire to i
ask the gentleman whether the President could 1
appoint a judge of the Supreme Court under the J
Constitution, until Congress had executed the
power by fixing the number?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Congress, says the Consti-
tution, shall have power to make all laws which
shall be neccssary and proper, for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers, and all other ,
powers vested by tiiP Constitution in the Govern- |
ment of the United States, or in any Department '
or office thereof. Therefore, when the Constitu- \
tion siiys that the judicial power of the United j
! States shall be vested in the Supreme Court and j
I in such inferior courts as Congress may from i
time to time ordain and establish, taking the two !
sections together, the power is given in express \
words, and Congress, in fixing the character of j
the Supreme Court in regard to the number of
judges, had no power over their tenure of office.
The two cases are not at all similar. The Pres-
ident shall have power, by and with the consent
and advice of the Senate, to make a treaty; the
treaty is a law, and under that law the President
shall have power to appoint an embassador.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a question of order,
as the gentleman from Pennsylvania is almost
through,. I make the point of order that the
amendment to the amendment is not in order. I |
understand that, under the rules of the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, the vote
must be taken on the pending amendment before
any further discussion shall take place; and it is
not competent for any member of the committee
to move to amend the*amendment.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Why not?
Mr. HUGHES. That is the way I understand
the rules in Committee of the Whole on the state*
of the Union.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not so
understand the rule. The question raised yes-
terday had reference to a differentstate of things.
The Chair understands that an Original amend-
ment is always liable to be amended.
Mr. HUGHES. Notunder the live minutes'
rule.
Mr. PHILLIPS. In the first place, I say that
here is law—treaty law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARNETT. I regret that my colleague
[Mr. Bocock] is not in his seat to reply to the
answer which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Phillips] has made to his argument of yes-
terday, incontrovertible as I consider that argu-
ment to have been. 1 ask no better authority in
support of it than the very clause of the Consti-
tution which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
has quoted. I will not enter on the question of
precedents, although on that, too,.the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is wrong; f©r if he will refer
to the speech made by Mr. Tazewell, of Virginia,
he will find that there were a few instances where
the President had undertaken to exercise this very
power of appointing ministers without authority
of law, anu where that power was disputed and
rejected. What does the Constitution say ? That
the President shall have power to appoint em-
bassadors, judges of the Supreme Court, and other
public ofliceia—all these powers standing on the
same footing exactly.
How does the gentleman get over that?,.First,
he says that a treaty is a law. Well, if it be a
law binding on this House, then, of course, the
President only acts in pursuance of the law. But
I say, with the State-rights Republican party of
old, thatwheica treaty"depends for its execution
on the action of the whole legislative power, the
House of Representatives has a control over that
treaty—a contiol which it may and will exercise,
in its own discretion, when the public interests
require it.
But the gentleman goes further, and quotes a
clause of the Constitution vesting in Congress the
power to make all laws that are necessary and
proper to carry out the powers granted—not only
ta Congress, but to the other departments of the
Government. Then it follows, that either this
power of the President to appoint embassadors
without previous law ahthoiizing it, is an express
power or an implied power. If it be an express
power, where is the clause of the Constitution?
There is no such clause except the same clause
that applies to the judges of the Supreme Court;
and no one pretends that the President can appoint
a single judge without definite authority of law.
If it be an implied power, then it follows that, be-
ing an implied power—that is, a power which is
necessary and proper to carry out some other
power vested in the Executive Department—Con-
gress must pass such laws as are necessary and
proper to define that power, otherwise it cannot
exist.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHILLIPS withdrew his amendment.
Mr. HOPKINS. I would like to have a short
letter from the Secretary of State read.
The letter was read, as follows:
Department of State,
Washington, January 20, 1809.
Pin: Mr. Towncend Harris having boon appointed minis-
ter resident of the United States to^Japan, I have the honor
to request that an appropriation be made for Ins salaiy in
that capacity, at the rate of $7,M0 per annum, namely,
from the lOtli instant to theoOih of Jjinc, 1859.,.. $3,375
And for the fiscal year ending 20th of June, I860... 7,500
Total $10,875
Any balancc of the existing appropriation for the salary
of the consul general at Japan, will, of course, be earned
to the suiplus land.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
LEWIS CASS.
Hon. GkorCxE W. Hopkins, Chairman of the Committee on
Fovcign Jljfairs, llou^e of Representatives*
Mr. REAGAN. I move to amend by striking
out the clause under consideration. I do so, Mr.
Chairman, for the purpose of calling the atten-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to a
single point which he presented; but winch, it
seems to me, his argument has not yet met. I
understood the gentleman fiom Virginia [Mr.
Bocock] yesterday, not to controvert the power
of the President to make appointments of foreign
embassadors and ministers. No one controverts
that. But the point which the gentleman from
