1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1678
unless the friends of the resolution can answer the
argument.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sug-
gests to the gentleman from Illinois to allow the
gentk'tnun from Missouri to get the public busi-
ness before the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I yield for that pur-
pose, with the understanding that I shall have the
floor again.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. 1 move to take
from the Speaker's table the message from the
President.
There beinjj no objection, the following mes-
sage from the Piesidcnt of the United States was
taken from the Speaker's table and read:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
An imperative sense of duty compels me to
make an appeal to Congress to preserve the credit
of the country. This is the last day of the pres-
sent Congress, and no provision has yet been
made for the payment of appropriations, and to
meet the outstandingTreasmy notes issued under
the authority of law. From the information
which has already been communicated to Con-
gress by the Secretary of the Treasury, it is man-
ifest that the ordinary receipts into the Treasury,
even under the most favorable circumstances,will
scarcely meet the ouhnary expenses of the Gov-
ernment dining the remainderof theprescnt fiscal
year, ending on the 30th of Juno. At that time,
nearly eighteen millions of Treasury notes will
have become due, and many of those not yet due
are daily paid for duties at the different ports, and
there will be no means in the Treasury to meet
them. Thus the country, winch is full of re-
sources, will be dishonored before the world, and
the A mencan people, who are a debt-paying peo-
ple, will be disgraced by the omission on our part
to do our duty. It is impossible to cuoid tins
catastrophe unless we make piovision thu very
day to meet the lawful demands on th" public
Treasury. If this were the fust, instead of the
last, session of n Congress, the ense would be
different. You might then be convened by proc-
lamation for to-morrow morning. But there are
now thirteen States of the Union entitled to sev-
enty-eight Representatives, in which none have
been elected. It will, therefore, he impracticable
for a large majority of these States to elect their
members before the Treasury shall be compelled
to stop payment.
Under these circumstances, I earnestly recom-
mend to Congress to make provision, within the \\
few remaining hours of the session, for the preserv- !
ation of the public credit. The uigmcy of the 'i
case not only justifies, but demands thai, ifneecs- j
sary, this shall he done by a separate bill. We
ought to incur no risk when the good faith of the ;
country is at stake. I
JAMES BUCHANAN. |
Washington*, March 3, 1659. i
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the !
message be laid on the table, and ordered to be ;
printed; and on that I move the previous ques-
tion. '!
The previous question was seconded, and the j;
main question ordered; and, under its operation, ;!
the motion wasagieed to. H
iVlr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to reeon- j;
sider the vote by winch the motion was agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to recon- '!
siricr on the table. :
The latter motion was agreed to.
* !■
REISSUE OF TREASURY NOTES.
PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask leave to ;
, from the Committee of Ways and Means, .
to revive nnd continue m force for two :
an act entitled "Au actto authorize the is-, i
biie of Tieasnry notes.,5 11
Mr. COVODE. 1 object.
Mi\ PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to sus- 1
peud the rules.
The biif was lead. It revives and continues ■
in force for two years the act of ^3d December,
1857; and appropriates $5,000 to defray expenses.
Mr. MAIIS1IALL, of Kentucky. I ask the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether, if the rules be suspended, it is his pur- I;
pose to urgu the passage of the bill as jt stands; li
or, will lie give way to allow mc to offer an amend- !|
meut5
Mr.
report
a br'
yea rs,
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man have his proposed amendment read?
The amendment, which is in the shape of a pro-
viso, was read. It provides that, when any of
the Treasury notes so issued should be redeemed
at the Treasury, there should be no authority to
issue new Treasury notes in lieu of those redeemed;
it being the intent of the act to provide means to
meet the liabilities of the Treasury, and redeem
the Treasury notes now outstanding.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Will it be satis-
factory to have that amendment offered and voted
on?
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I cannot tell
whether it would be satisfactory to the gentleman
from Kentucky; but his proposition would cer-
tainly not be satisfactory to quite a number here,
unless the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means agree to an amendment revising the
present tariff, with leference to an increase of rev-
enue by duties.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the rules be'!
suspended, I will yield the floor to let the gentle- 'j
man from Kentucky propose his amendment.
Mr. COVODE. Will the gentleman allow me 'j
to introduce an amendment? '!
Mr. STANTON. Will the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means not permit any
other amendments to be offered looking to an in-
crease of duties ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I ask the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to allow me
to offer an amendment?
Mr. BURNETT. There is a motion pending
to suspend the rules, and I object to debate.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to allow me to
offer an amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. No amendment can be in
order now, on a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. PIJ1LHPS. Then I hope the House will
vote down the motion.
Mr. COVODE. I want to know whether, if
the rules be suspended, I will be allowed to offer
an amendment5
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
Mr. KI2JL8EY demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yens nnd nays were ordered
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 108, nays 97; as follows:
YE \S— Me-sr*. A mold, Atkins, Avery, Barks,fair*, R,*h-
op, Boeock, Bonhani, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Bivan, (5m-
tierr, Bum-, John B. CJaik, Cay, Cobb, John Cochrane,
Cox, Jiuof-j Ckuit, CtnwloKi, Davis- ot' Indian?*. Davis of
MDitrimiek, Dowdcll. SMmundf-on, Elhoii, En?-
h-h, IT/Mi-, Foley, Gainetl, Crutrdl, Gilmet, Gioenvvood,
Crrejiu, gio-vb-ck, C ov<m, Lawrcnre XV. Hall, Hatch,
Hawkins, Hill, Ildd'-jc*:, Hopkins, Houston. Jack-on, .icn-
kui U'\\vtf. (Ieoi«i• U\ Jones, Iveitt, Eamai, Letcher,
Made,}, MeK.bhin. McQu'-en, Meilao, .iumpluev Mai-
sliall. iNimuel S. M u shall, Mason, Mavnard,.Wile.-*. Mill - on,
Moore. XichoN, Pendleton, Peyton, John ►*. Phelps. Wil-
liam W. Phelps, Powell, Reagan, Uicaud. Rntim, Resell,
cSandidge, ^ava^e, Scales, tfeoit, tfearnic, Henry xM. Snaw,
Shoitei, mill.'ton, Robeit Smith, Samuel A Smith, St-all-
north, Stephens. Stevenson, Janus A. Sfwait, Talbot,
Goome Ta\lot, Miles Ta\loi, fJndeiwood, Vallandigham,
Vance, Waid, "Watkm*-. WbiU'lf}-, Window, Woodson,
John V. Wn^hr, and ZoJiieollVi—]03
NAYS—Messis. Abbott, Adiam. Ahl. Andrew*. Bennett,
Hicham. Blair, Bliss, Brruton, Builinton, Bui hnnanie,
Case, Chatter. Chapman, Ezta ('lark, Jiorace F. Clark,
dawson, Clatk B Coehiane, Coifax, Comi'H, Co\ode, ■;
Cranio. Cint^, Davi-= ol'Maiyland, Davi* of Mass-achusetts, u
Davis of Iowa, D.iwt--, IXau, Dewait,Dodd, Dnrft-e, [>
Kenton, Floi enne. Fo-iei. GiIIh, (Oilman, Gooeh. Goodwin, [j
Grantor, Giow, Robeit B. Hall, [Iain?. Haskin. Hickman, ii
Hofiid, ilorton, Howard, liuyier. Owen Jones,Keun. Kel- [!
lo^/. Kd -<*\, iviiapp. Joint C Kiinkn1. Handy, Loidv. Loitoi, ; j
]>o\('l')\, M.ifteson, Montuomei v. Morgan, Moi nil. Edwaid ! i
.hn Monis. < )ln rr A. Mm se. Mott, Minray, Olm, Palmer,
Pa'kei. Pi'inr. Phillips. Poller, Pottle, Pnivi nice, Kehiv, i,
P^oblmis, i'oiifiis, Kojce. Jtihn Sbeiiivm. Ind-on j,
W Shcrnnn, Sjjinnei. Si an ton, William Stewart, I'apnan, >;
'I'ljavei, Tlioinpsoi!, Tompkins, Wade, Waihridce, VVal- [;
dion, C.idu.xlader C. W.ushbmn. Ellihu B. Wa^hburne, ■;
i^rael Waslihuin, White, and Woitemhkc—07.
So (two thuds not voting in favor thereof) the >
lilies weie not tiiirfpended.
During the vote,
Mr. NIPLACK stated that be had paned off ,
with Mr Kjlgore on this question.
Mr. REAGAN stated that Mr. ILk.hes had ■!
paired off with Mr. Leacii.
Mr. PAULKNER.. 1 was m attendance on the
Committee of Accounts, m obedience to a sum-
mons of the committee, when my name was called.
Does that cm* me a right to vote?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes not.
Mr. FAULKNER. I would have voted "ay,"
with pleasure.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Maryland, having been ab-
sent on the business of the House, as a member
of the Committee of Accounts, asked leave to
vote.
Mr. PHILLIPS objected.
The vote was then announced as above.
MISCELLANEOUS CIVIL BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask leave to
take from the Speaker's table the miscellaneous
civil bill, to have it referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, that it may be considered by
that committee.
Mr. COVODE. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Well, let it be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. COVODE. I object.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to sus-
pend the rules, to enable me to have it taken up
and considered.
Mr. COVODE. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. I call for the read-
ing of the twenty-eighth amendment to enable the
Plouse to vote understandingly.
The twenty-eighth amendment was read, as
follows:
"Jind he it further enacted, That the power to issue and
reissue Treasury notes, conferied upon file Presidentof the
United State-! by an acl cntnkd k'An act to authoiize the
issue of Tieasnrv notes," appiovcd 03d December, i8o7, be,
and the <-anie heiebv h, icvived and continued in lotce trom
the pa^atje of tins act until the 1 r-t day of July, I80U : and,
to (lcfiay the expends thcieof, the hum of $5,000 is hereby
appioptiuted : Provided," &c.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I think that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means had bctternotattempt
to pass any more appropriation bills. It is evi-
dent that they cannot even get a bill taken from
the Speaker's table and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, or to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. DEAN. I object to debate.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. 1 ask to have an
amendment read which 1 propose to offer to the
amendment of tke Senate, in case the rules are
suspended.
Several Members objected.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Piielps of Missouri; and it was decided in the
negative—yeas, 107, nays 77; as follows:
YEAS—Me^sr-i. Arnold, Atkin^. Avery, Bark^daJe, Bish-
op, Bonham, Bowie. Doyce, I3iane'b, Bryan, Burnett,Burns,
Oaslae, Cavanauyh, John B Ciai k. Clay, Cobb, John Coch-
rane. Coming, Corninj , James Ciai«r, Crawfoid, Davis of
Maryland, JJavi^ ot Indiana. Davis ot Mississippi, Dowdell,
Elliott, En^hdi, Fusnaworth, Faulkner, Foley, Garnett,
GaiUeil. Gilh*\ Gilmer, Greenwood, Grcgij, Groe^beck,
Grovei,' Lawienee W.'JIall, Harris, Hatch, Hawkins,
Hoaid, nodire*. Hopkins Hoiton, Houston, Howaid, Iiuv-
!ct, Jackson. Jenkins, Jewett, (Jeotae W Jotie^, Jacob M.
Ivunkel, Leicher, Maclaj, McKihhm, McUuecn, Mcllae,
Humph icy Mai-hali, Samuel S. Ma^luill, Mason, Ma vnard,
Miles, Milison, Mo<^re, MoinIL Freeman H. Moi>e,Nichols,
Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps,
Reagan,llicaud, Royce, Rntfin, Ru=&eil, Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Scott, Ilcnry M. Shaw, Shortei, Singleton, Robert
Smirji. .Samuel A. Smith, Stallworth, Steven&on. James A.
Stewart, Talhoi, George Taylor, Miles Taj lor, Titaver,
Undei vvood, Vallaudigham,Vance,Ward, Watkins, White,
Whiteley, Wmalow, Wood, Wortend> ke, John V. Wright,
and Zolheoficr—107.
NAYS—Mcssh. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Andicws, Bennett,
Blair, Bins, Biayton, Bnttinton, Burhn«iamo, Case, Ciiaf-
fee, Chapman, Ezra Clai k, Hoiace F. Clark, Clark B. Coch-
rane, Collar, Covodt', Ctagin. Cm Lis, Davus ot' Massachu-
setts-, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Durfce, Edie,
Fenton, Fostet, Gil'iian, Goocii, Goodwin, Granger, Grow,
Robeit Hall, Ilaskm, Hickman, Owen Jones, ICeim,
Kellosrsj, Kclsey, Knapp, Jolin C. KunkeJ, Leidy, Leiter,
Lovejov, Matte>on. Montqoinerv, Morgan, Edward Joy
Motrin, Olivet A. Mor-e.Motf, Munny, Obn, Palmer, Par-
ker, Pettit. Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Redly. Ruchie,
Robbins, Roberts, John Siteiinan, Judson W, Sherman,
Stunnei, Stanton, William Stewait, Tampan, Thompson,
Tompkins, Wade, Walbridcp. Cadwalader C. Washburn,
and Elhhu B. Wa^liburne—77.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During- the call of the roll,
Mr. jNlBLACK stated that he had paiied off
with liis colleague, Mr. Kilgore, or he should
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. CRAWFORD announced that Mr. Ste-
phens, of Georgia, had paired off with Mr.
Clawwk.
Mr. HARLAN stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Cocke hill.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is a mca-
