1674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
sage, which has been sent from the Senate in
relation' to the Post Office appropriation bill. I
desire to have it read.
, Mr. GROW. I desire to understand, first,
•whether the reading of the message will bring up
the bill to be acted on. I want to understand that,
for I thought I had an understanding with the
House on the vote on this question this morning;
but there seemed to be a disposition not to carry
it out very well. I only want to understand now
the effect of the motion.
"Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I only ask that
the message may be read.
The Clerk read the message, as follows*:
In Senate of the United States,
March 3, ls59.
The House of Representatives having communicated to
the Senate a resolution, in the following words, to wit:
4{ Resolved., That the House bill (No. 872) makim? appro-
pnations for defraying the expenses of the Post Otlice De-
pat uneut for the year ending the 30th June, 1860, with the
Senate amendments thereto, be iciurned to the Senate, as
section ttiiiteen of satel amendments is in the nature of a
revenue hill."
Resolved by the Senate of the United States, That the
Senate and the House being, of right, equally competent
each to judge of the piopnetyand eon<titutionahty of ito
own acuon, the Senate Inn exercised -^aid nghtm its action
on the amendments sent to the House, leaving to the House
its nght to adopt, or reject, each of said amendments at us
plcas-uro.
Resolved, That this resolution be communicated to the
House of Representatives, and that the bill and amendments
afoiufuiid be communicated therewith.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to sus-
Eend the rules, to take up that message and the
ill and amendments.
Mr. HARRIS. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, whether
he is not prepared to report a new bill making ap-
propriations for the Post Office Department?
Mr. GREENWOOD. If he is, I hope he will
not do it.
Mr. HARRIS. Very well, I desire to ask the
question.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Asbury Dickens, their Secretary, informing
the House that, the Senate had passed the bill of
the House (No. 868) making appropriations for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Yancton and
Tonawamla Indians for the year ending June 30,
I860, and for other purposes, with nmendmenis;
in which he was directed to ask the concurrence
of the House.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION KILL again.
The question recurred on the motion of Mr.
Phelps, of Missouri, to suspend the lulcs.
Mr. DEAN demanded the y(,as and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAR-R1S. ! should be glad if the choir-
man of the Committee of "Way sand Means would
answer my question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will answerit.
Mr. HOUSTON.' I object.
Mr. HARRIS. Then 1 hope the bill will not
be taken from the table.
The question was taken, and it, was decided in
the negative—yens 94, nays 85; as follows:
YEA£—Mt'ffr*. Adtani, Ahl, Arnold, Aikm--, A\civ,
Baikf-dale, Bishop,Bonhani, Bowie.I < >ee. Bi.uich, Bonn,
Ca^kie, Cuvunaugh, John B. Claik, Cl,ij, (Jobb, John Coch-
rane. Comnis, Corning, Janice Craig. Ciawtoid, Havis of
I ndiana, Davi- oj Mississippi. Dmnmck. Dowdell, Ednmnd-
foii, Elliott, English, F.uiikiKM, Foley, G.unett, Gaitieli,
Gilli.s, Gihnei, Greenwood, Gregg, Greece*,!;,Giuvi r, Law-
rence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, IIudi e<, TIuhmou, |Jii\ icr,
Jackson. Jewett Gcoige W. Jones. Lamm, 1 .andy, f ietehei,
iMaclav, McKtbhin. Me<iue<n. MeU.n\ UmnpSney Mur-
bhah, .Samuel S. Mar>hall, Mavnard, Mile*, Mill-
son, Mocue, Pendleton. Pu>i"n. John S. Phelp-, Willi,im
W. I'iielp-, IU-agun, iiicaud, lluthn, lliif-sell, Sandidge,
Savage, Scales. *->e<m, Henij M Shaw, Shorter, Snurleton,
Robeii Mnith, s^mIJw with. Planum, St«veiiM)n, James A.
Sit*wait. George Tavloi. Mile- Tayloi Undei wood, VuMan-
digham, Vance, Ward, W.ukui-, Wlntu, Winslow, Wor-
tendvke, John V. Wright, and Zolheoik-r—94.
NAVrf—Mcs'is. Abbott, Aniiiew^., Bennett, Bingham,
Blair, Biibs, Bia.vton, Buriinton. Builingaine, Case. Chaftce,
Chapman, Eaia Cl.uk, Horace F. Claik, Clar'\ B. Cocli
rane, CoHax. Covode, Ciagin, Cum-. Davis of Mar) land.
Davis of Mas«aehusett«,, D ivinoi Iowa. Daw-, Dean, De-
wart, I)odd. Dunce, Edie, Feu ton. Fioi'ence, Fo-i<>i .Good),
Giang-m, Gtow, KoIk-u B. flail, Ham.*, Ila.-km. liirkman,
Hoaid, Iloiton, Howard, Owen June-. K<-mi, Keiloirg,
Kcj^ey, Knapp.John C. Knnkel, Fjovejoj, Mattc^on, Monr-
gonieiy, Motgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Mom-, I-aac N.
Moiii.-. Fjeeman II. Moiee, Olivci A. Moim-, Mott. Mur-
ray, Ohn, Paluiei, Puikei, 3 Phillip-. Potter, Pottle.
Putviauee, ltciih , Ritchie. Robeits. Uoyce, John Shciman,
Judton W. Sht'iinau, Spumei, William Stewait, Tappan.
Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Wailmdge, Wai-
dron, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Wasliburne,
Israel Washburn, and Wood—85.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
Mr. STEVENSON, during the call of the roll,
announced that Mr. Talbot was unwell, and had
paired off with Mr. Gilman.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am instructed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to report
a bill making:appropriations for the service of the
Post Officc Department for the fiscal year ending
30th June, I860.
I desire to have the bill read, and, if objection
is made, I shall move to suspend the rules to en-
able me to report the bill, and that it may be con-
sidered at this time.
Mr. GROW. Is it the bill that the House
passed and sent to the Senate?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let the bill be
read. It speaks for itself.
The Clerk read the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know by what
authority the Committee of Ways and Means
propose to reporta bill making appropriations for
the support of the Post Office Department ? I un-
derstand that the references on that subject that
have been made to that committee have been acted
upon by the committee, and that they have dis-
charged themselves from the subject by reporting
the bill which is now upon the table with the
amendments of the Senate, and which ought to
be acted on by the House. The subject was not,
therefore, before the committee, so as to enable
them to tenort.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Alabama object ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I make the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. KiLGORE. I object to the proposition
of the gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move, then, to
suspend the rules, so that I may report the bill,
and that it may be considered now in the House;
and 1 am instructed by the Committee of Ways
and Means to move the previous question, if the
rules are suspended.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, then reported the
bill, and it was read a first and second time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved the pre-
vious question on the engrossment of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly rend the third time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was, seconded, and the
main question oiuered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to rcconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
members' compensation bile.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I rise to a privileged
question. 1 call up my motion to reconsider the
I vote by which the resolution amendatory to the
I members' compensation act was ordered to be en-
I grossed and read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I submit a ques-
tion of order. The order of the House was that
this resolution be engrossed and read athirdtime.
The resolution not being engrossed, it passed from
before the House, and went to the Speaker's table.
Then the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Phelps] !
was recognized, and submitted his motion. If the
resolution comes up now, it will be in order to read
it a third time
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion of the gentleman from Illinois is
in order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The con-
sideration of thatmotion bringsup tlieresolution ?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I withdraw my mo-
tion to reconsider, and call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the resolution.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I renew the mo-
tion to reconsider; and I believe that that motion
is debatable.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
not exhausted itself, and will not until the reso-
lution has been read a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the yeas
and nays on my motion to reconsider.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to allow us to move an amendment ex-
pressive of our views. I have no desire to be fac-
tious in my opposition to this resolution. I only
want it made clear and conclusive.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. If the question rested
with myself, I would yield to the gentleman's
request; but, sir, I feel it to be my duty to the
friends of this resolution to resist all amendments.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. We have the same
right to debate that the gentleman has. The res-
olution makes a difference between the present
Congress and those that shall come after it.
• Mr BURNETT. I move that the resolution
be laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the motion of the gentleman from Tennessee
is not in order until the previous question has
exhausted itself. The oider has only partially
been executed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the gentleman
withdrew it, I think that I have the same right to
renew it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is very well
aware what the practice is.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The resolution
was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time.
Then it was ascertained that it was not engrossed
and it went upon the Speaker's table. The gentle-
man from Illinois moved to reconsider the vote
by which the i*esoJution had been ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time. The Speaker
decides, I understand, that that brings the resolu-
tion back.
The SPEAKER. That is the practice.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then, when he
withdrew his motion I take it that the resolution
went back to the table. If it did not, I have a
right to move a reconsideration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of oider.
The resolution was read the third time.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. HICKMAN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers wore ordered; and Messrs. Underwood
and Thompson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 21, noes 106.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The joint resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, demanded the
yeas and nays on thejmssage of the joint res-
olution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 55; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott,Adiain, Andrews, Arnold, Barr,
Bennett,Bliss, Bowie, Brayton, Biyan, Burlingaine, Burns,
Case, Cavamiugh, Cliaffee, Chapman, Ezia Claik, Iloiace
F. Clark, Colfax, Comma, Covode, Curtis, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Dawes, Dewart, Dnnmick, English, Farnswouh,
Fenton, Floiencc, Foley, Fo-ter, Gilhs, Gooeh, Granger,
Greg?, Grover, Robert B. Hall, Harris, Haskm, Hatch,
Hickman, Hoard, Hodge*, Horton, Howard, Owen Jones,
Keim, Kellogg, Kelsev, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Knnkel,
Leidy, Lnvejoy, MeKibbm, Samuel S Mar-hall, Matteson,
Miles, Montgomeiy, Morgan, Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H.
Moise, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Niblack, Olin, Palmer,
Parker, Pettit, William W. Phelps, Pike, Potter, Pottle,
Reilly, Ricaud, Robbins, Roberts, Royce, Russell, John
Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Robert Smith,
William Stewart, Tappan, Thaver, Thompson, Tompkins,
Wad<>,VValbrjdge, Ward, Cadwalader C. IVashburn, Ellihu
B. Wasliburne, Wood, and Woodson—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Atkins, Barksdale, Bishop, Bocock,
Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Buffinton, Burnett, Clay, Cobb,
John Cochrane, Burton Craige, Crawford. Davis of Missis-
sippi, Dean, Dowdell, Durfee, Edmundson, Elliott, Garnett,
Gartrell, Gilmer, Groesbeck, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson,
Jcwett, George W. Jonc, Leiter. Letcher, Maclay, McRae,
Humphrey Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Mdbon, Moore,
Mott, Nichols, John S. Phelps, Reagan, Ruffin, Scales,
Henry M. Shaw, Siiiglelyu; Samuel A. Smith, Stalhvortb,
