592
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25.
Virginia took, was that the President had no
authority to appoint ministers unless specifically
authorized by taw. The clause of the Constitu-
tion haVine; reference to that point declares that
Congress shall liave power to make all laws which
are necessary and proper to carry into execution
the forgoing power.-", and all other powers vested
by the Constitution in the supreme government
of the United States, or any department or officer
thereof.
I maintain that this clause of the Constitution
is but the instrument which gives the power.to
the different and coordinate departments of the
Government; hut it does not clothe any depart-
ment of the Government with power to act, ex-
cept Congress itself; and the Congress, in the
language of this clause of the Constitution, must
pass the necessary acts to enable the other depart-
ments of the Government to carry into effect all
the power vested by the Constitution in the Gov-
ernment of the United States, or any department
or officer thereof.
Let the gentlemen come to the precise point.
Let them meet the issue I have presented, and
not insist that we are controverting the power of
the President to make appointments. Let tliem
c6me up to the Fedeial doctrine which they have
asserted, and say that the President has the
power to make appointments without the author-
ity of Congress. That is the assumption. That
is where the Constitution is to b" overridden by
this argument and discussion. This is but a col-
lateral point; but I regret to hear Demociats an-
nouncing doctrines of the deepest Federal dye,
•which were exploded by the Democracy long
and long ago.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not desire to reply to
the gentleman from Texas at all; and 1 simply rise
for the purpose of giving notice to the committee
that I will object heieafter to any discussion 011
this paiticular subject, which has already, I
think, been sufficiently discussed; and I shall ask
the Chair to enforce the rule that the discussion
shall be confined to the amendment proposed.
Mr. REAGAN withdrew his amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANIi demanded tellers on
Mr. Hopkiks's amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sewaud and
John Cochrane were appointed.
The committee, divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 62, noes 61.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HATCH. In line forty-four, in the clause
providing for the salaries of consuls general, 1
move to strike out the wind "duebec." My ob-
ject 111 making the motion is, to call on the Gov-
ernment to show what public necessity there is
for a consul general in the Canadas. Wild hope,
sir, to have had a report Irom the Secretary of
Stale giving the official information, upon which
I could make a statement to the House at this time
in relation to this consulship; but 1 have not got
it, although I introduced a resolution calling lor
information. J desire to say that the consul gen-
eral in Canada receives a salary of $4,000 u yeai;
and that he lias appointed under linn thirty or
forty commercial agents scattered along the north-
ern frontier; that those agents receive fees, and
that those fees are taxed upon the internal trade
between Canada and the United States. There
are loud complaints from the people of the north-
crn frontier on account of the harassing oppies- <
sums of these commercial agencies; and f want to |
know by what authority—if there be any author- ,
ity—the Government quartcis this train of com- ;
mercinl agents upon the internal tiade between .
Canada and the United States? If there can he ;
shown any public necessity for these commercial
agents, th"  1 claim that their fees should be paid :
out of the Treasury; and that the internal trade ;
of the country should not be further burdened by 1
such unjust impositions. And, sir, 1 want to say
one word in reply to the remarks which i have
heard made heie—and made, I think, by the
ehairman'of the Committee of Ways and Means
—that offices cannot be abolished in this way.
IS0w, Kir, I do not know any other or better way i
to abolish an ofKce than to abolish the pay of the 1
office. If that will not fetch an officeholder, noth-
ing will. I have sueh unofficial information from t
collectors on the northern frontier, who are ena- J
bled, from the certificates which these commer-
cial agents give for the passage of imports from
Canada, to justify legislation, and abolish this
office of United States consul general. I shall not
produce it no w, but prefer to wait for the response
from the State Department; and then, sir, the in-
formation will be in official form before us, and
the legislation can be initiated that is demanded.
I will°oniy add, that all these evils complained of
spring from the reciprocity treaty, which is car-
ried out in good faith 011 our part, whilstthe Brit-
ish Government, as usual, takes advantage of our
concessions to destroy the former prosperous
trade of our,cities and villages on the northern
frontier with the Canadas.
Mr. MAYNARD. I oppose the amendment
offered by the gentleman from New York. Mr.
Chairman, 1 will say in the outset that 1 shall not
stop to inquire whether the Constitution of the
United States, in this regard, will execute itself;
whether the President has or has not the power
to appoint foreign ministers and consuls, without
the action of Congress. 1 shall vote upon every
question that arises on this bill precisely as 1
should if the whole diplomatic and consular rela-
tions between the United States and foreign coun-
tries were to depend upon my vote.
We are now providing a fund which is to sup-
port our diplomatic and consular corps for the
year ending 011 the 30th of June, 1860, and not
for the current' year. That is already provided
for. And I take it, as a matter ot fact, that the
opinion of Congress, expressed through this ap-
propriation bill, either in favor of or against the
appointment of any diplomatic or consular agent,
would not be disregarded by the President—cer-
tainly not without the gravest reasons. Ifitwere
disregarded,and an appointment made in opposi-
tion to the expressed will of Congress, it would
he time enough to consider the extent of the Presi-
dent's constitutional authority when the payment j
of the compensation of such appointee should be 1
demanded as an item in a deficiency bill, some
years henoe.
1 came here at the commencement of this ses-
sion in the hope that some well-considered and
carefully-devised scheme of retrenchment in the
expenses of this Government might he agreed
upon ami adopted. It seemed to be necessary and
proper in itself, and especially demanded at this
time by the voice of the people throughout the
country. Unt when 1 see gentlemen rise here and
propose such measures of retrenchment and reform
as we have been invited to consider during the
consideration of this bill, 1 confess that the hope
is very nearly extinct. Why, sir, these propo-
sitions to put an end to our whole intercourse with
all the nations of the earth, either in detail—one
gentleman having a prejudice against this mission,
and another gentleman having a prejudice against
another mission—or in a general, broad sweep at
the whole diolomattc relations of the country,
strike me as anything but wise and judicious
statesmanship, a statesmanship which cannot dis-
regard the experience not only of all other coun-
tries, but of our own country, ever since we have
had a Government.
Charges arc preferred against our diplomatic
system, and against the mode of its administra-
tion. We have general charges and special
chaiges. Charges with a show of reason, and
charges without reason. It has been made mat-
ter of grave charge, for example, that our diplo-
lomatic agents are most of them unable to speak
the languages of the different Courts to which they
are accredited. "Weil, suppose Uiey are; what
then ? 1 had been led to suppose, from my early
leading, that one of the ablest diplomatic agents
the couritiy ever had was Benjamin Franklin;
but not, if 1 am not mistaken, because he was able
to speak, or road, or write any other language
than his own. I have never understood that ins
influence at the Court of France was any the
greater because he was able to speak passa-
ble French; his linguistic attainments not being
limited to the use of very pure and excellent
English. I might cite instances of other dipjo-
| imilists who have been very successful by the
aid of our langu-ige r.lone. This is but a sample
of the charges preferred by gentlemen. Most of
the others are equally frivolous.
lam sui-pnsed that the gentlemen who propose
these projects of economy and frugality, and
press them with so much vigor and unction, do
1, not resign their seats, go home to their constitu-
Her>ts,and save to the country tne amount of their
j| salaries. Certainly the country could dispense
with their services, valuable as they undoubtedly
are, much better than those of our plenipotentia-
ries and consuls, lightly as they are esteemed;
at least I think so.
Sir, I am opposed from principle to this sort of
retrenchment and this sort of economy. It is the
spirit of the niggajjil and the miser, and in the end
would be very expensive. I doubt whether the
country $3 able yet to afford it.
Mr. Hatch's amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
strike out the whole of the following paragraph:
" For salaried of consuls general at Quebcc. Calcutta, A1
exandria, Snnoda, Havana, Constantinople, Frankfoit-on-
the-Mam; consuls at Liveipooi, London,Meibourn,Hong-
Kong, Glasgow, Mauruus, Singapore, Beliast, Coik, Dun-
dee, Deniarara, Halifax, Kingston, (Jamaica,) Leeds. Man-
chester, Nassau, (New Providence,) Southampton, Tuik's
Island, Prince Edward's Island, Havre, Paris, Marseilles,
Bordeaux, La Itochelie, Lyons, Moscov/, Odessa, Revel,
Saint Pcter^burgh, Matanzas,'Trinidad dc Cuba, Santiacode
Cuba, San Juan.( Porto Rico,) Cadiz, Malaga. Ponce, (Porto
Rico.) Trieste, Vienna, A\k la-Chappelie, Canton, Shang-
hai, Fouchou, Amoy, Ningpo, Beirut, Smyrna, Jerusalem,
Rotterdam, Amsterdam, Antwerp. Funchal, Oporto, Saiut
Thomas, FJMneur, Genoa, Basle, Geneva, Messina, Naples,
Palermo, Loipsic. Munich, Leghorn, Stuttgardt, Bremen,
Hamburg, Tangier*, Tripoli, Tunis, Rio de. Janeiro, Per-
naml)Uco,Vera Cruz. Acapulco, Callao, Valparaiso, Buenos
Ayics, San Juan del tfur, A^pinwall, Panama, Laguayra,
Honolulu, Lahama, Capetown, Falkland Inland*, Venice,
Stettin, Candia, Cypius, Batavia, Fajal, Santiago, (Cape
dc Verds,) F;tint Oio<\, Spez/ja, Alliens, Zanzibar,Babia,
Maranhnm Inland, Paia, Kio Grande, Matamoras, Mexico,
(city,) Tampion, Passodol Norto, Tabasco, Paita, Tumbez,
Taicahuano, Caithauona, fcvibauillo, Oinoa, Gimyaquil,
Colnja, Montevideo,Tainta, Bay of Islands, Apia, Lanthala;
comai'Tt inl ngcul-. at San Juan del None, Port an Prince,
San Domingo, (city,) Saint Paul de Loanda, (Angola,)
Monrovia. Gaboon, Cape llaytion, Aux Cayes, and Amoor
river—&:MU.UU0."
Mr. Chairman, I make this motion on the ground
that, if we are about abolishing our diplomatic
service, we might as well abolish our consular
service also, for one is dependent upon the other.
Both are distinct and separate functions. We can-
not invest a consul with diplomatic authority, be-
cause the etiquette which prevails abroad, and the
law of nations, will nofrallow a consul, m Chris-
, tian States, the privileges of a diplomatic agent.
I am surprised to hear the arguments which are
advanced here to secure economy by cutting down
the diplomatic service of the country. I should
like to ask gentlemen if there is any arm of the
public service that has ever rendered^ more emi-
nent benefits to the country than the diplomatic
service? Is there any branch of the public service
that has reflected more luster on it than the long
roll of American diplomacy, illustrated by such
men as Jay, Adams, Jefferson, Monroe, Frank-
lin, Bayard, and in more recent times by the two
Everetts, Cass, Legare, Rush, Bancroft, Irving,
&c. ? Has not the" American diplomatic service
of the country produced one man whose writings
upon international law are now standaid woiks
of authority, and are used as text-books in all the
umveisities of Europe, and have been translated
into all the modern languages — Mr. Henry
Wheaton, formerly Minister to Denmark, and
subsequently Minister to Berlin? And when gen-
tlemen undertake to abolish the diplomatic service,
let them remember that the only representatives
of this country abroad will then be consuls, and,
as such, subject to the local laws of the countries
in which they reside. Consuls are subject to the
criminal and'eivil jurisdiction of the countries in
which they leside. Ministers are not. Your min-
isters have the right of exemption from all local
law. They are above the laws of the countries
m which they reside. They are surrounded by
a personal and legal inviolability. They enjoy
the right of ex-territoriahty—the right of absolute
freedom of their persons and dwellings, and liv-
ing, as it were, in the political atmosphere of their
own country in the midst of foreign countries.
Such an inviolable character becomes the repre-
sentative of a great country, for he is supposed
to represent in his own person the independent
dignity of his own nation. And will you so de-
grade the representation of this country in foreign
countries, as to debar it of access to the soveieign
of the country, when abuses have been perpetrated
upon American citizens, and it has failed to obtain
redress from the ministers and subordinates of
that sovereign? W ill you declare that there snail
be no American representative abroad of such a
rank as will entitle him to appear before a sov-
ereign in person, to say to him that such and such
11 outrages nave been committed upon citizens of
