1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1675
Stevenson, Vallandisrham, Vance, Watkins, White, Wins-
low, and John V. Wught—-55.
So the joint resolution waa passed.
Durine the vote,
Mr. KEITT stated that he had paired off with
Mr. Ritchie.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Dijskins, its Secretary, notifying the House
that the Senate had passed the light-house appro-
priation bill with amendments; and also a bill (H.
R. No. 364) for the relief of Mary B. Dusen-
bury.
YANCTON AND TONAWANDA INDIANS.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. A bill making ap-
propriations for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
the Yancton and Tonawanda Indians, for the year
ending June 30, 1860, has been retm-nod from the
Senate with amendments. I desire that the bill
and amendments be taken up. One of the amend-
ments ought to be concurred in. The others should
not, perhaps, be attached to this bill, as they re-
late to the transportation of the mails between New
York and New Orleans and San Francisco.
The amendments were read.
Mr. DEAN. 1 object.
Mr. PHELPS, of'Missouri. I move to sus-
pend the rules.
The rules were suspended; there being on a di-
vision—ayes 113, noes 21.
The first amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out " six," and insert iti lieu thereof" seven."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This amendment
merely refers to the date of a treaty which was
improperly described in the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate
through Mr. Dickints, its Secretary, notifying
the House that the Senate had passed a bill of the
House for the relief of James Collier; and an act
(S. No. 477) authorizing the removal of officers
belonging to the United States occupied in collec-
tion of the revenue in connection with the quar-
antine station at the port of New York; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
YANCTON AND TONAWANDA INDIANS.
Second amendment of the Senate:
For payment under existing contracts for earning the
mail, as Jutlow*:
Foi the ti;in°ponation of thp mails from Panama to Cal-
ifornia and Oiegon and back, from July 1 to September 90,
1809,^87,062 50."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The Committee
of Ways and Means have not had time to con-
sider these amendments; but apparently the only
objection to them is their being attached to this
bill. The amount appropriated will be duo under
existing contracts, provided the contractors per-
form the service.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
this amendment was not offered in the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union when the
original bill v/as under consideration, and rejected ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. No, sir; it was
not. A proposition to that effect was m the mail
steamer bill, but we never reached it when the
bill was under consideration in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask one further
question: whether the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means couid not have incorpor-
ated, in the bill he reported to th% House, the
amendments that had been passed upon by the
House?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Wisconsin misapprehends what bill is under
consideration. We are considering the Senate
amendments tothe bill making appropriations for
fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Yancton and
Tonawanda Indians.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to know the title
of the bill.
The Clerk read the title, as follows: "An act
making appropriations for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with the Yancton and Tonawanda Indians,
for the year ending June 30, 1860, and for other
purposes."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The amount speci-
fied in these three several amendments, is the
amount that will be due, provided the mail ser-
vice shall be performed during the time therein
indicated.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I should like to
inquire of the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, when the contract for mail
transportation between New Orleans and Califor-
nia via the Isthmus of Tehuantepec, was made?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Some time dming
the last session of Congress, and it was commu-
nicated, as I understand, to this House. 1 desire
the chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads to lespond to that question, as it
is a matter with which he is more familiar than I
am.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will thegentle-
man further state, whether it was made by au-
thority of an act of Congress, and if by a general
law, by what law ?
Mr. ENGLISH. This contract was made by
the Postmaster General in pursuance of law.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. What law?
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 am unable this moment to
give the date. It was a law passed, not at last
session, but some time ago.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Will the gentle-
man give me a reference to the law r Is there any
law in existence, authorizing the Postmaster Gen-
eral to make contracts of this description, without
special authority by act of Congress ?
Mr. ENGLISH. Yes, there is a law author-
izing the Postmaster General to make such a con-
tract?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Then I ask why
are we legislating; on this subject clc novo ?
Mi. ENGLISH. This appropriation is sim-
ply to carry out the contract,
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I wish simply
to remark, that as I understand the condition of
the law, the Postmaster General can make a con-
tract subject to the approval of Congress, but not
otherwise. I may be wrong; and, if so, I desne
to be corrected. 1 am not aware that this contract
has ever received the approval of Congress.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Two of these
amendments are precisely the same as two pro-
visions that weie contained m the bill lvpoited
from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Under like re-
strictions?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is an ex-
isting unexpired contract, which extends to the
30th September next. Consequently, the restric-
tion that the mail must be carried for the postages,
does not operate on these three routes.
This amendment does not propose to appropri-
ate anything more than i3 and will be due by-
virtue of contracts which have not yet expired,
but which will expire on the 30th day of Sep-
tember next. The last appropriation of two hun-
dred-odd thousand dollars for the transportation
of the mails from New Orleans to Ventosa on the
Pacific is for service, m pursuance of contract,
from the 1st day of November last, until Septem-
ber next, at the rate of $250,000 per annum. If
the contractors shall continue to perform the ser-
vice, they will be entitled to that amount by virtue
of the contract.
Mr. GARNETT. Are there any appropria-
tions in these amendments extending beyond the
1st of October next?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. None in the
amendment now under consideration.
Mr. ENGLISH. With the permission of the
gentleman from Missouri, I desire to answer more
definitely the question propounded by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Clark.] He will find
what authorized the Postmaster General to make
this contract in the second section of the act of
March 3, 1851. [Cries of "Read it."] The
Postmaster General states,in a letter to the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Itoads: "the authority to make such contracts
may be found in the second section of the act of
March 3,1851;which the Postmaster General con-
siders ample and undoubted."
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I desire, by the
permission of the gentleman from Missouri, to
make a single observation on this contract. The
existing law, prior to the last session of Congress,
gave to the Postmaster General almost an unlim-
ited right to make contracts for the conveyance of
the mails on the sea. That law, of course, rer
lated exclusively to carrying the mails to foreign
countries. I am told by my friend from Califor-
nia [Mr. McKibbin] that the contract for carry-
ing the mails across the Isthmus of Tehuantepec
is to Ventosa, on the Pacific coast of Mexico. It
is, therefore, a contract for mail sea service, and
would be within the law existing prior to the last
session of Congress.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed, with out amend-
ment, the joint resolution of the House amenda-
tory of the " Act to regulate the compensation of
members of Congress," approved August 16,
1S56, so far as relates to such members as shall
die during their term of office.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint reso-
lation in relation to the compensation of Senators
, and Representatives in Congress, elected from
| new States; in which he was directed to ask the
{ concurrence of the House.
I YANCTON AND TONOWANDA INDIANS.
| Mr. ENGLISH. With the permission of the
gentleman from Maryland, I propose to have read
: the second section of the act approved March 3,
: 1851.
! The Clerk proceeded to read the section, which
, related to the employment of letter-carriers in
1 California.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I do not perceive
: the applicability of the law which the gentleman
j has had read.
Mr. ENGLISH. I was mistaken as to that
being th£ section. There is such a law, however.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. There is m force
; a general law giving the Postmaster General a
, very wide discietion in making contracts for the
i transportation of the mails, by sea, to foreign
; countries. I take it that that law has nothing in
' the wot Id to dt> with contracts where the termini
| of the line over which the mail is to be carried arc
! in the United States. The Tehuantepec route,
j however, terminates not in California, but upon
j the Pacific coast of Mexico. It is, therefore,
! strictly a contract for carrying the mail between
i this country and a foreign country by sea. The
difficulty, however, exists in the law which waa
passed at the last session of Congress,and which
the Committee of Ways and Means, a day or
two ago, had before them for tht.ir consideration.
That law, which originated m the Senate, and was
agreed to by this House, prohibits the Depart-
ment from making any contracts for the carrying
of the mails in steam vessels, on the sea, for any
greater amount of compensation than the sea and
inland postages.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the gentleman from Mary-
land yield to me for a moment?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. With pleasure.
Air. SCOTT. I think the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads is
in error. This contract was made by the Post-
master General under the act of Congress of
Maich 3, 1855.
I read from the report of the Postmaster Gen-
eral:
" By an act of Congress of March 3.3555, a route was es-
tablished nom New Orleans, by the Iftnaw of Tchu-mte-
pec, to San Francisco. It was advertised for the next reg
ulai lettmgs ol contracts m the spring of ISjG, but no bids
weie teceived.
♦'In December, 1857, the s^amo route was readverti^od.
Only one proposal was received, and that was for semi-
monthly ?>ervite, at $26(5 000per annum. It not having been
accepted, negotiations were opened by the bidder* with the
Department, which resulted in making a contract, on Juno
1C38. with the Jjotistana Tehuantepec Company, oa the
following terms," &c.
I will get the law, and show the gentleman that
the Postmaster General acted legally m making
this contract; for, sir, these routes, via Tehuan-
tepec and Panama, pass through different foreign
countries, and come under the head of the act
passed in 1851, which authorizes the Postmaster
General to contract for the transportation of the
