THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
— — ■ — ■   L_ 
Tiiirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, JANUARY 27, 1859.
New Series....No. 38.
the country he represents, and ask him, face to
£>.ce, to correct what his ministers are too feeble
to do, or refuse to do? It is the duty of the Uni-
ted States, now more than ever, to make itself
heard in ail parts of the world. It is the duty of
the United States to see to it that it is well repre-
sented. This is not the time for the United States-
to retire from the great scone of the world's the-
ater, when England and Prance and all the great
Powers of the. world have their representatives
abroad, invested with ample diplomatic authority
to sustain their rights. Is this the time when the
representation of this county should be shorn of
its power, and confined to functionaries who, by
the code of nations, are not clothed with diplo-
matic attributes and. privileges, and are not enti-
tled to speak for their country in the highest
spheres of power?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CURRY. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. My
opposition to some, not all, of these missions,
grows out of the fact of their unnecessary ex-
pense and their conceded uselessness. No mem-
ber upon this floor lias yet been bold enough to
advance an argument in favor of sustaining all
the appointments embraced in the original bill.
They are so pcilpably sinecures, intended for
broken-down politicians and disappointed candi-
dates, and kept as patronage for mere party hacks,
that no one has ventured to assign a single reason
for the whole of them, unless it be (he course of
long observance. It is silly affectation to shut our
eyes to the fact that many of those who are now,
and have been, our diplomatic agents abroad, arc
men of very inferior ability; and no President
would intrust to their hands a responsible, an
important, or a delicate negotiation; and when a
tieaty important in Us character is to be nego-
tiated, special commissioners arc generally sent
for that purpose.
Nor can f appreciate or comprehend the char-
acter of the objection made y.sterday to this re-
form in the diplomatic service, as growing out of
its insignificance. A wrong appropriation is not
justified by the smalhiess <"«f the amount which
may be embraced m it. If it is unnecessary for
the public good, if it is a mere useless extiava-
gance, if it is intended to provided places and pat-
ronage for g.eedy spoilsmen, it is wrong. Nay,
more, it is robUry und<r governmental force to
extort from the people what is not absolutely
necessary for public use. It is pretended, how-
ever, that this is the wrong place to commence a
reform. That is the cry of pampered luxury
everywhere. V/heie shall we begin ? It is said
by gentlemen on every side, that wo must insti-
tute a geneial system of rJform and retiench-
mcnt. If that be so, and it means anything, this
is a step in the right direction. If it means that
there shall be one general law for reducing the
expenses in the Army, the Navyfthe Post Office
Department, in the judiciary, and in this branch
of public service, I say, with all possible respect,
it is simply ridiculous; for it is expecting a reform
by one general, comprehensive, sweeping law.
Large appropriations, involving fat contracts and
jobs, by means of lobby influence, outside press-
ure, and skillful engineering, can sometimes be
got through this House. But, sir, these small
appropriations are objected to on the score of
their insrignucane^. I contend that we ought to
commence the reform here. Here is the evil, the
fungus, the excrescence,a pinchbeck imitation of
the pomp and pageantry of royalty, and we should
put the knife to it and cut it out. The whole sys-
tem is wrong. I do not mean to say that I object
to permanent iius&ions to all these countries. In
some cases they are needed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, by unanimous
consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. KEITT. I move to stiike out &4Q,GOO. I
trust I am quite as ready as the gentleman from
Alabama, toengage in any system of reform; and
I know I am quite as willing as he to condemn
the expenditures of the Government as enormous
88
and extravagant; but I am not prepared to apply
the knife at this point. The genlfeman from Ala-
bama says that these missions are of conceded
uselcssness—of great extravagance. Well, which
one of them is conceded as useless ? Why, sir,
the whole frame-work of polity of the civilized
world is closely knitted together. You cannot at
this moment touch the system at any point, with-
out the others respond to it. There is not a Gov-
j eminent in Europe, however insignificant it may
! be, in which we have not vital and important in-
| tercsts—interests which we cannot overlook. Sir,
I there are not two Courts upon the face of Eu-
! rope, between which a war can occur to-morrow,
; without the interests of this country and of every
| other civilized country being affected.
i The gentleman says that those foreign mis-
j sions are alms-houses for broken down political
; hacks. If they arc, whose fault is it? If they
' are places to which party mendicants are as-
' signed, if they are infirmaries where yourinfirm
I and disappointed leaders are put, whoso fault is
| it? Is it not the fault of your parties, the fault of
| your Administration ? Is it the fault of the sys-
, tern ? If you have important interests in any part
| of the world you should send proper and quali-
fied men to take care of them. If you send infe-
rior men, if you prostitute the place to gree(fy
spoilsmen, is it any fault of the western? And
should you not carry your reforming hand whore
1 reform is needed? Will you ebohsh these mis-
j sions because, forsooth, some PicMdent, under
the clamor of spoilsmen, o'rat the Ndiert of parly,
i sends there an unfit man? No, sir; that is not
; our policy. Pinchbeck imitation," says my
'friend from Alabama, [Mr. Curuy.] \Vrhat!
shingle over your ministers with foreign decoia-
| tions, and m rivalry of foreign pomp, at an ex-
' pense of £>7,500 per annum ! What fnei«n minis-
; ter has ever made a dollar by his mission ? What
' foreign minister has ever lived like a gentleman
; upon his salary ? It is said to me that many of
, them live over wine stores. Well, if the appoint-
, ments are such as are hulicat< d, may be that is a
good place for them. {hit, sir, it is absurd t> sny
that a minis!er with §7,500 a year, or with $17,500
' a year, can imitate foreign pump at Omul* where
: noblemen have hundreds of thousands of doiIu\$
! per annum. No, sir. There is no justice in the
!u.lltgath>n that our foreign mim.stei.-5 but mimic
i and apo the manners of foreign courts.
| Mr. Chairman, I do not belong to that cla?s of
| economists—although I am wiiUrg to reform this
i Government in that respect—<vho, instead of
' staying stars of the first magnitude of extrava-
gance in the firmament, look through their little
microscopes, and bore the woiid with 'invisible
discoveries.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SICKLES. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman fium South Caiolina, al-
though the observations Vvhich I have to make
will take probably the ^anie direction as his.
Mr. Chairman, the debate on tins hill has dis-
closed a new class of reforinc rs—a ch«r. s of reform-
ers who propose to diminish the expenses of the
Government as its pro«:ie>? increases. The greater
the territory we have to defend, the smaller the
| army they would have. Tiie larger the family of
! nations and the more exL tided and intricate our
1 intercourse with them becomes, th<- fewer diplu-
! malic agents they would ha\e. The moie the
' expenses of living increase, th> y would proper-
i tionately diminisjh the cmapen^et'cn <f public
' agents. 1 cannot join this cless of reformus. I
, think the good sense of the countiy. as well as
the common sense of mankind, will derale their
; schemes and reject their propositions. Sir, the
; compensation of the Minister to France, at this
, day, is not equal to the compensation of Benjamin
1 Franklin when he appeared at the Couit of Louis
; XVI. in homespun, and commanded the admira-
1 tion of the Court of that monateh for the unos-
j tentatious dignity of, his demeanor and the sim-
! plicuy of his attire. And yet, if you go to Paris
: to-day, you will find thousands of your country-
I men there who seek admission at the threshold
of the legation, while, in the time of Franklin,
there were not, perhaps, ten whom he would have
the pleasure to entertain.
I see that there has been particular assault made
on the missions to the Italian States; and it is
charged here by gentlemen that our representa-
tives there are of no use. Gentlemen who make
this argument surely do not read the newspapers,
it would seem; for, are they unmindful of the fact
that this very peninsula is now the object of the
world's eye, and that it is, perhaps, to be,, at no
distant day, the scene of another European war?
It is now the center-of diplomatic movements.
Russia, France, and Austria, have not onty their
diplomatic agents there, but they have their armies
on the line of march to the Italian frontier. And
yet it is said that the United States—the second,
if not the first, commercial Poster in the world—has
no business on a theater where such events are to
be transacted. To say nothing of history, ge.n-
tlemen who present such views cannot even be
familiar with the newspapers of the day. I have
heard the argument made to-day that we get noth-
ing for the meager pay of our diplomatic agents.
Sir, the Minister to England and the Minister to
France, during the Russian war, when they se-
cured thctriumph ofthe principle that" free ships
make fiee goods"—which was the work of Mr.
Mason and Mr. Buchanan—saved and secured
uncounted millions to the carrying trade of the
United States; enough to defray the expenses of
our diplomatic intercourse for a decade of years.
After twenty years of negotiation, we made a
treaty with Holland, throwing open to our irade
the Dutch East Indies. England, Russia, and
Fianco had sought the same privileges m vain;
hut under the " favored-nation " clause in their
treaties with Holland, as soon as our treaty had
been concluded by Mr. Belmont—than whom this
' country never had a more faithful, patriotic, and
: accomplished negotiator—these countries were
: able to conclude Treaties like ours. Rut mark the
difference m the use these nations made of their
success. They instantly sent as consuls general
men of ability and energy, with salaries reaching,
I believe, over ten thousand dollars per annum,
who were able to divert the channels of trade and
commercial intercourse in a direction advantage-
; ems to then respective countries; whilst the United
i ^tutcs, who had opened this commerce to general
1 compt. tuion, employed ao their representative'a
! " commercial agent," at a salary of $500 a year,
i to reside at Bainvia, and secure for us the fruits
! of oursuccessful diplomacy. I have been informed
' that our "commeieial agent," no doubt a respect-
able person, had never seen the United States.
This? was not the fault of the executive govern-
ment, but the result of that neglect, or that par-
simony, or that ignorance, which characterizes
the legislation of Congress upop subjects of this
chcuacter. If my time permitted, I would refer
to our intercourse with South America, Japan,
China, and other countries>for additional illustra-
tion* of this absurd policy, which looks to the
| attainment of a high political and commercial
| nnk, and yet neglects the most obvious and ne-
i ccf.fjnry means of obtaining success.
I Complaint is-made of some of our diplomatic ap-
i potntmcnu. Perhaps there may occasionally seem
1 Jo be icasons for the.se criticisms. But although
| it is ti ue that in this country diplomatic employ-
; m> nt i i nut a carctr nor a profession, as in most
European States, and that our representatives
' abroad are therefore not so familiar with the lan-
1 ftnages of modern Euiope, nor so adroit in the
1 ft.iiSbc of diplomatic intrigues, nor, perhaps, as
i couitly in manner and etiquette and address as
i the European embassador who has been twenty-
; five years in passing from the grade of an unpaid
I attache in Ecuador to the rank of a plenipotentiary
In a German principality, yet it is nevertheless a
fact, everywhere acknowledged in Europe, that
the United States pre, and have been, represented
abroad, from the time of the Revolution down to
thus day, by a body of men not surpassed in sa-
: gacity, energy, and solid attainments, by the diplo-
! matic agents of any Power m the world. vYe
