THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
mails from any point in the United States to an-
other point, through a foreign country. The Gov-
ernment is responsible to this company, and they
ought, in law and equity, to be paid.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to pay, in justifica-
tion of the statement which I miide, that I made
it on the authority of a letter from the Postmaster
General, which I hold in my hand.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The contract was
made for carrying the mail from New Orleans,
via Tehuantepec, to San Francisco, with the stip-
ulation that if the contractor should deliver the
mails to the Panama Mail Steamship Company,
at the port of Ventosa, they should receive less
compensation than if they should carry the mails
to San Francisco; and that second section of the
act of March 3, 1851, gives the Postmaster Gen-
eral the authority to make contiacts for carrying
the mail to and from any port of the United States,
and through any foreign country. Thus the con-
tract was made by the Postirmsler General from
New Orleans, through Tehuantepec, to San Fran-
cisco, with the stipulation that if the mails should
be delivered to the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany at the port of Ventosa, the compensation
should be reduced.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 ask that this law be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. Jind be it/wtker enacted, That the Postmaster
General ba, and he is hereby, authorised to entei into con-
tracts, or to mako ariarigiMnonts foj nan-poning
through any loroign country the mail^ ot tin* Omted States
running from and to any point inthesaut United States
Providedj That such contract?, a-? shall In; made un<t<-r tlx*
authority oonlerred by this section,*h li not he loi a iongei
period than lom years ; and that, in making Hiem, the I'ort
master General Miall bo bound to?.eJeei tin* speed km. .-aie-f,
ami mu&t economical route; Ptoi ided. jinihrr. That Mich
contiaet shall la: r-ubjecf to be invoked ami annulled when-
ever an) new toad 01 canal shall he rut 01 opem d, avoid-
ing a sprediei. mote reoiiwiiiir.il,and t (ju.ilh a-> j^ile ijiean->
of fominiuii'-atmn between lite point ot depaitmr, and the
point 01 destination of the rmui to betran-poited ; and that,
in such ease, a tair indemnity be awaided to Hie patties
concerned : JludprovidedJiothcr., Tliai,betoie makinji^ueh
contracts, notice fchali be Given dining s-ixty day-*, by advei
tu-Kinentain the usual manner toi inviting piopo^ald lot mail
contracts."
Mr, DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, at
the last session of Con&rofls an application was
made to this House to authorize the making of
this contract. That application yas leferrcd to
the Committee on the Post Office and PostRoads.
After the subject had l>een undergoing an inves-
tigation sonie days, it was ascertained that that
committee would not repot ( in favor of making
the contract; and thru, after much delay by means
I never understood—neithet then noi now—a con-
tract was made by the Postmaster General, with-
out the knowledge or consent of the Committee on
the Post Office and Pout Roada. ICven before that
committee wore informed of it, tlu; Committer of
Ways and Means reported a bill ap;u npi inting
the money necessary to comply with that contract.
The law, under which that contract was made,
required that the contract should be reported to
the first Congress theieafter, in Older that Con-
gress might have an opportunity to either annul
the contract or give it tis sanction. That con-
tract lias not been irporled to this Congress, and
we have had no opportunity of approving or re-
jecting it. We are now asked to continuo the con-
tract. I insist that, as there are already two
modes of transporting the mails to Califot ma, be-
sides the Tehuantepec route, Congress "hall ie-
fuse to make the appropriation necessary to con-
tinue this route; for, sir, Congtess lias the right
to abrogate it, and there is no bet'er abiogation
than withholding the money necessary for its con-
tinuance.
Mr. ENGLISH. This contract. I will tell my
colleague, has been repotted to this Congress.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi The attention of
Congress has not been called to it, that 1 urn aware
of.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The law which
has been read scarcely supports the contract. It
says that the Postmaster GeneuU is authorized to
enter into contracts, or make suitable arrange-
ments for transporting to any foreign country the
mails of the United States, running from and to
any point in the United States; provided, that
such contracts shall not be made for a longer pe-
riod than four years, and that, in making them,
the Postmaster General shall be bound to select
the speediest, safest, and most economical route.
Now, sir, it was exactly as I supposed, that this
law never contemplated allowing the Secretary to
make a contract to carry the mail over more than
one route to the same point on the Pacific coast
of the United States. This law is confined to
making one contract: that is required to be by the
shortest and speediest route; and the mode of
making the contract is specifically designated, af-
ter advertisements for sixty days, and due notice
being given. I suppose, sir, that docs not sup-
poit the contract that is relied on in this case.
There was already a contract for carrying it by
the Isthmus of Panama, by the overland route;
and I see no authority, without revoking the first
contract, to make a second one.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Mr. Speaker, I
have looked at these statutes; and,as the subject
I is one of interest to those portions of the Union
' having correspondence with the Pacific coast, I
j wish for further information. If the Postmaster
General has power, without special authority of
; Congress, to make a contract for the transporta-
tion of the mails between New Orleans and the
Pacific coast, he must have the same power to
i make a contract for the transmission of the mails
; between New York and the Pacific coast. Now,
; as I understand the matter, the act of 1851 is not
the act under which this contract was made; and
my authority is the letter of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, to lie found in Executive Documents Thirty-
' Fifth Congress, No. 9. I will ask the Clerk to
read the fust paragraph of that letter. It will be
seen that the Postmaster General has informed
■ Congress that this contiact was made, not under
1 the act of 1351, but under that of 1845.
j The Clerk read as follows: '
1 " Sir I have the lionoi to tiansmit herewith, m enmph-
' attce with the reqiuiementa of the flist section of the act
oi Muieli JtM"),''
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Thus he advises
us that ho makes this contract under the act of
^ March It, 1845.
! Mr. ENGLISH. The gentleman is entirely
! mistaken. The Postmaster General reports these
! contracts in pursuance of the law of 1815; not
that he math; them under that law, but that law
! lequires him to report these contracts to Congress.
Ah. PI IELPS, of Misnom i. The law of 1845
requires him only to repot t these contracts.
Mi. CLARK, of New Yuik. If the contract
was not made by authouty of the act of 1845, I
do not see that there was any authority whatever
to make it: for the act of 1851 relates not to ocean
Iran spot tation, but to isthmus tran spoliation.The
language is express; that the Postmaster General
be authorized to enter into contracts for transpos-
ing through any foreign country the mails of the
United States. Theobjcct of that. law was to au-
thouze the Postmaster General to make a con-
tract by which the mails, then transported by the
Isthmus of Panama, should thencefoi ward be
transported by the isthmus of Tehuantepec, of
Nicaragua, or by any othei route by winch they
could he transported most speedily and safely. I
do not intend to reflect upon the Postmaster Gen-
eral, for 1 believe that in all matters he exercises
his ollieiai power with careful integrity. IJut I
cannot (ind the authority of law by which this con-
tract was made. Tins act of 1851, as I am in-
formed, has not been construed to authorize a
contract for ocean transportation. It has refer-
cnco to isthmus transportation.
Mr. PlIELPS, of Missouri. I think there has
been discussion enough on this matter. I must
demand the previous question.
Mr. EUSTIS. The gentleman from Missouri
will allow me to make a few remarks. The dis-
cussion has been entirely one-sided. I merely de-
sire to state here, that this discussion has taken
precisely the turn which I expected it to take.
Gentlemen have risen on this floor and have stated
that there was no law under which these contracts
were made by the Postmaster General. The gen-
tleman from Now York stated that there was no
law.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I know of none.
Mr. EUSTIS. Gentlemen on the other side of
the House, who relied on the statement of the
Postmaster General, stated that there was such a
law; and yet, because the law is not immediately
produced, suspicion is thrown on the statement.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Not the least.
Mr, EUSTIS. When the law itself was pro-
duced, gentlemen undertook-to deny that it gave
the Postmaster General power to make these con-
tracts, denied it in the face of these three lines,
which it seems to me, are perfectly plain. Sec-
tion two reads:
" That the Postmaster General be, and is hereby, author-
ized to enter into contracts or to make suitable arrange-
ments for transporting through any foreign countiy the mails
of the United States, running from and to any point in the
said United States."
Mr. CLARK, of New York. That is not on
the ocean.
Mr. EUSTIS. I defy the gentleman from New
York to find a flaw in these lines. The act dis-
tinctlygives the power to the PostmasterGeneral.
I am not here to vindicate the law. I am not
here to say it is a good law or a bad law. But I
say that, under it, the Postmaster General has the
power, and no tortured construction of the law
can take it from him. It authorizes the Post-
master General to enter intocontractsand to make
suitable arrangements for transporting through
any foreign country. The Isthmus of Tehuan-
tepec is a foreign country, " running from and to
any point in the United States.M Running from
the city of Now Orleans, which is in the United
States, to the city of San Francisco, which is in
the United States. Now, T ask the gentleman
from New York to show me how, under this act,
the Postmaster General had not the power to
make the contracts?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I would simply
say that 1 understood that statute differently from
the gentleman. It is a matter of legal construc-
tion. As I undeistand it, it simply authorizes the
transportation of the mails through a foreign coun-
try where a steamer does not run. It does not
authorize the Postmaster General to make con-
tracts for the transportation of mails from twenty
ports.
Mr. EUSTIS. There is not here a word about
steamers. The point is, whether the Postmaster
General has or has not the power to enter into
contracts or make suitable arrangemcntsfor trans-
porting through any foreign country the mails of
the United States from and to any point in the
United States ? 1 draw attention to the act of
1851 to establish certain post routes.
On page 908, under the head of Louisiana, is
the following clause:
u Finm New Orleans, via the Tsthmu** of Telniaiucpec, to
the city ot San Francisco, ni the State of California."
In 1857, the Postmaster General laid before
Congress almost a volume in regard to this route.
Congress had full notice of this contract having
been entered into; and all that is asked here is to
pay under the terms of this contract.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to this debate.
Mr. CLARK, of New York, I want to know
whether this contract comes within the pi ovisions
of the act of June 14, 1858, restricting the com-
pensation for carrying the mails by ocean steam-
ers to the postages?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. This contract
was made prior to that time. I must now demand
the previous question.
Mr. HASKIN. I appeal to the chairman of
the Committee of Waysand Means to permitme
to say a few words in opposition to this amend-
ment. Does the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means refuse?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would with
pleasure accommodate all my friends; but I must
insist on the previous question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HASKIN called for the yeas and nays on
the second amendment.
Mr. DEAN called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not oiderod.
Mr. McKJDCIN. I would like to have read
to the House the law under which this contract
was made.
Objection was made.
Mr. DEAN called for tellers on the amend-
ment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 88, noes 39.
So the amendment was concurred in.
