594
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
have now the question of Cuba before us. I tell
the committee that, were it not for our niggard
system of so-called economy, and if we had been
represented on the Island of Cuba by a consul
general—a first-class man, whom we could get
for a first-class compensation—a representative
whose ability and accomplishments would com-
mand, and whose emoluments would enable him
to maintain a high political and social position,
the acquisition of Cuba would have been antici-
pated ten years. It would have been at hand now,
or far nearer than 1 fear it is. Look to England
and France—how they are represented at Cuba,
in the persons of their consuls general, and com-
pare that representation with ours. Why, our
last consul was obliged to resign his post and come
home, because liiff mean compensation did not
defray the ordinary expenses of a commercial
agency.  
[Here the hammer fell.]
iVTr. KEITT withdrew his amendment.
Mr. SMITII, of Virginia. 1 move to amend
by striking out the woids " Buenos Ay res."
Mr. CRAW FORD. I rai.^e the question of
order, that we have passed that T>o«nt m the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair suutoinu the
point of order.
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. Then i move to
rcducc the appropriation to vJihOOo. I have lis-
tened to the debate, Air. ChMinian, with thy at-
tention which its irnpottdiice meiits; and I confess
that I do not teally understand what is indicated
by it. if 1 understand it, th'H*u is *\ purpose to
reform our diplomatic r-'ystem, and various mo-
tions have been made to cany out that object.
My opinion is, that withoutr< <.yu'd to the amount
nothing is justifiable tiiat involves an unnecessary
expenditure. i go for the most rigid (eonomy.
1 do nut care whetl.ei an it ir. i.< laigo or t mall.
I am opposed to il ii (he pubhc ^nvice dors not
call for if. I am not governed at ail by the amount
of the item. If ibe money i.: needi-d—In; it ever
so hi i ge an amount-—I will % ote for .If it hi not
needed—bo never so 5un.nlI —I will vote a,gainst
it. That is the position I take.
Now, in regard to the va> ions propositions that
have been piesmted, < (forts have burn made to
discontinue various missions. Tin: mission to
Rome has hem shuck out: bufthat is manifestly
an important mission. It is a location m the
center of Italy, where many of our people con-
gregate—gentlemen of fortune and int< licence,
and those who are devoted to the nits. We wain
a minister thei t* to tvpn .-u.nt our country nod to
protect our citu'en^ who are Kojournuig there.
JNor is that ell. Italy, at this time, rhieatened
to be made the theater of a ice/antie. continental
war, and it may become a matter of the highest
importance f<o- u.s to have a minister there.
An (Jl'or! i-> also made to discontinue the mis-
sion to the A i gent mo ( amf delation. A nybod y
who m faiaih-ir \\ nil the history ot our lehuions
with that repnoho omrht to bo aware that, it is a
matt-* r of the highest consequence «ti tins partic-
ular time, (hat t ii.it o;is.don .should be eontiniK d.
"We have importat in(oic«ts there; and that, of
all others, is the hi ;t placo where we should wish
to discontinue a mission.
There is but one reform that 1 think ou^ht to
he made in the (I'plomntK hill, and I confess that
I had an klea of sungesun?.; it yesierday—and
that is that the mission to England shall b<- de-
graded to the second-e.tasf rati. You may think
that that 1* an exfraordmary proposition, but it
is my putsvuism that prompts me to it. Whet
do the pastas, tell us and uh.it semis to be the
fact? Why, th.it the ihitish mini iter now or
recently at thh; Government, is to b<i pi n, note I.
by beinir t-anshtcd fiom this ^reat Republic to
a petty Court on tin
Would not sit! mit to Mien
.he t I am -v fi
■nuan'-nt of Kurop
indignity as that
Wt
i.51 ■
and i eo2,fcs:
when \ hear that 1, * i •,t
by being transfei ud i\or
Power like die i th
•minister to Englavi. I
upoii that. I will c.iAy
the nrn'mdmciiU wluUi hJvo I
ci'::ht to be adopted.
[Here Hie bar .mor fell.]
Mr. PIlf:XP8, of Alls;iouvi. I appeal to the
committee to proceed with the hiil/andlet the
debate be confined to tho subject-matter of the
amendments pending.
1
ua.ion
pi "• has beei: promoted
thio itepi.Liie to a petty
ou!d 'vnlidiM\/ our
jf j *■ n*, : Sv Al ;m t dwull
ay that i think none of
iu oilured here
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. CRAWFOPbD. I move to strike out, in
| line seventy-nine, the words "one hundrdG,"
and insert "seventy-one," so that the clause will
| read:
! For compensation of tin; coinnirsMOner, secretary, chief
astronomer and surveyor, risM >tant astronomer and survey-
! or, clerk, and torprdviaions, transportation, and contin<*en-
i cies of"the oommi.-sion to run and mark the bounc]ary~hne
between the United States and the British possessions
hojuidmg on Washington Territory, $71,000.
I find, by referring to the act of 1856, which
provides for the carrying of this treaty into effect,
that tho salary of the commissioner was fixed at
£)3,000 a year; the salary of the secretary, $2,000;
of the chief astronomer and surveyor, $3,000; the
the assistant astronomer and surveyor, £1,800;
and the salary of the clerk, $1,200. Those are
all the offices created by that act, and the amount
: of the salary of each is specified as tho amount [
have stated. If tho House desires to understand
, cxactly tho number of ofllcers and persons actu-
' ally employed in that service, by turning to Mis-
1 cellaneous Document No. 6, which accompanies
this bill, they will there find the whole matter
: disclosed.
! The law provided for but six or eight officers
to run tins lino. Besides those, there ate em-
ployed an assi-'taut and computer at $1 cl~) a month;
a leoorm.r and meteoioio^ist, .it ^1,21*0 a year;
and an mteuuc 'er at $1 ,4jU0. Thore arc two as-
ti'olo^ical and reconnoitcnog parties at $17,500;
thcao are. an assistant geologist, a surgeon, and
naturalist, at^'hUJO; there are a quartet-master
■ and assistant (juarteirnaster, at ^ojOOO; there are
, eighty persons employed at seventy-live cents a
day, who co-^t the Government >v21,0<)0; then
there is a hydro^raphieal party, winch costs the
i U( vernment ^,000; and the lure and subsistence
i of Indians, ivpairsand luonuineiitb,cost the (Jov-
| uuuueut i) 14,000.
1 ?nto\v, oir, the law to which I have referred pro-
vided <udy for the officers that I first mentioned,
and fixed tin u* compensation at the rates I stated, i
| !n that law of i^'ao, the sum of §11,000 was pro- j
! vtded Ibr f he p.ty of the officers; and, in addition 1
i thereto, tho sum of ^ nJ,0uO was provided, m j8G7, j
; to run tins boundary iine. And now, in this j
i nppiopnation bill lbr 1^00, we are asked to up- i
propnato tiio sum of §100,000 to complete-this j
, survey. Kow, i ask any gentleman to show me j
tho law under the authority of which this im- ,
mensenumhei ofollue.. has been cieatcd. There |
' win no sin'h auihonty in the act of ]^5d. If,
therefore, the House desires, m ^ood earnest, to j
' strike at the expenditures of the Government, I J
; ask them to stuke at th'se offices, which are not |
i authorized by the lav of lirC>(5, and to leave those :
j olli<ajrs who^e tippomtiu<,nt was authorized by |
i that aet to teeeive the amount to which they aie i
; ( ntiileu uhtioi* u. '
i i ibid, al-;o, tliat they havo an astronomical ,
; pai ty. w.ha h co0ts 111<• (iovernrnont $4,SU0 a year, i
, m addiiiou to those i. iiave aheady named. !
i [II ei <: * he hammer fell.] i
j Mr. P11ELL\S, of Missouri. I am opposed to j
; the amendment olfered by my friend fiom Geor- !
i^ia. The estimate submitted to us of the amount ,
, necessary to enable this line to be run was §150,000 ,
for the ensuing fiscal year. The Committee of j
■ "Ways ami Means recommend that but $100,000 i
f.haU be appropji<stedforthatpuipose,thus reduo :
■ imx ^he estimate of the commissioner who icpre- j
sento our Government, and is nowenga^od m the ;
' sui \ ey of thio work, thirty-three and one third per j
cent. The amount of the salaries prescribed by :
the act of Ib.Al is ^11,000, and if the sum recom- |
meuUed by the Comuuttee of Ways and Allans
shall be appropriated, that will leave $89,UOO for ,
the purpose of subsistin,^ the parties eni:ai;ed j.n ,
' s'us work and their numerous employee; if they 1
v/erc employed in an iniiabtted country, or in a ,
country where the surveying parties eould be
m the field nine months out of die twelve, a i
::u.,JIer f^u'n than we have recomraended would,
, m iV.y opinion, suffice; but you uro.-.t iceolhct that :
, ic is the lino of laMLudy 41P, along the Rocky !
, Alcuntaias to Puiret Sound, whu h is to be sur- ,
veyed. There is a necessity for these astronom- |
_ icai parties, because that line is a line of latitude, ,
a no there is more difficulty in running that line than {
j there is ju running a meridian line. Frequent as- i
i tronomicalobscrTationshavetobemade,i*orthero i
I is a tendency of the line to diverge from tho true i
line. The cominissioner gives as a reason why
his estimates are greater than they were for the
preceding year, that the services to be performed
by his employes are in the neighborhood of the
Fiaser river gold diggings, and that in consequence
of the recent discovery of gold upon that river, he
will be compelled to pay higher wages to the men
he may employ, and higher prices for those arti-
cles which may be necessary for his party.
In consequence of the depressed condition of
the Treasury, the Government determined to re-
duce the expenditures of the commission to a less
magnificent scale, and to employ no more per-
sons than were absolutely necessary. The esti-
mates are: for astronomical purposes, $17,520;
for surveying purposes, §23,280; for laborers,
who aie employed at forty dollars .per month,
twenty-two in number, $10,560. In these esti-
mates the subsistence of the parties must be taken
into consideration. *Fhe country through which
they are to pass is, for the most part, broken or
mountainous; there are no roads leading into it,
and the provision# and supplies for the subsist-
ence of the parties have to be carried from many
miles distant upon the backs of mules and horses;
and hence the necessity of the purchase of supply
animals for that purpose.
[Ilerc the hammer fell.]
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to offer an ad-
ditional section to the bill.
The CTIA1RM A.N. It is not now in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 move to amend by re-
ducing the amount £500.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman has already
an amendment pending. It is not in order to
move to amend his own amendment.
Mr. KEITT. To enable the gentleman from
Georgia to submit his remarks, I move to reduce
tho appropriation * 500.
Mr. CRAWFORD. How, Air. Chairman, tho
object 1 had in view in moving my amendment,
originally, was simply to get the matter before the
House, so that we could have a vote upon it. I
am very indifferent myself with regard to what
course the House.shall take with regard to it. Still,
if they desire to reduce the expenses of the Govern-
ment., 1 intend to give them an opportunity atjust
a point where they can do so with perfect safety.
The act of 1856 enumerates specifically the of-
ficers who may be appointed on this expedition.
It says there maybe appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Seriate,
a commissioner, h chief astronomer, a surveyor;
and then it enumerates the inferior officers who
may be appointed, such as assistant astronomer,
assistant surveyor, clerks, secretaries, &c. But,
in addition to those which the law authorizes to
be appointed, 1 see they have got a recorder and
meteorologist. Where is the authority for that?
They have got an interpreter, at a salary of $1,200.
Where is the law of the land for that ? Then they
have got astrological and reconnoitering parties.
I ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means for the authority in the law of 1856
for these parties, at a cost of ^17,520 per year. Ac-
companying the surveying party is a topographer,
at a salary of ^1,500 a year. No topographer is
mentioned in t'be act of lb56. Then tln-re is a ge-
ologist and assistant geologist, at $1,800 a year.
I ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means whore is the authority for the appoint-
ment of a geologist in the act of 1856? There is
a surgeon and a naturalist, at a salary of $1,800
a year. Where i3 the authority for the appoint-
ment of a surgeon and naturalist? Then there is a
hydrographical party, at§9,000 for three months.
Where is the authority for that? Here is the hire
of Indians, repairs, monument, &c., $14,902.^
Now, Mr. Chairman, the only expenses which
were authorized to be incurred were the salaries
of the officers, $11,000; and then add other ex-
penses of §60,000, which was the amount appro-
priated by tho act of 1856, and you have $71,000,
which is all that ought to be appropriated, the
amount asked for in these estimates being
$150,000. I ask a derision on my amendment,
and f will not trouble the committee with further
discussion in reference to it.
Mr. KEITT, by unanimous consent,'"withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. Crawford's amendment was then agreed
to. v
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
increase the amount §50,000.
