596
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
years of bounty from the citizens of this country,
to make these liberated Africans-self-supporting
upon their delivery from the Niagara. At all
events, if there be a necessity for this appropria-
tion, I contend there is no authority, by any fair
construction of the law, to support these captives
for twelve months.
At this point, I will again repeat that the Pres-
ident, although following to some extent the pre-
cedents of his predecessors, has evinced a lauda-
ble desire to limit the expenditures and confine
the appropriations, by distinct agreement, to the
amount specified in the contract. It will not, I
hope, be considered out of place for me to say
here, as this colony has been connected with the
agency to execute this law, that the whole scheme
has signally failed to meet the expectations of its
founders. It furnishes additional evidence of the
futility of all attempts to elevate the negro to the
dignity of self-government, to make that straight
which God has made crooked. Here we see a
colony aided by the mistaken benevolcnce of our
people to the amount of hundreds of thousands of
dollars, receiving large supplies from the Govern-
ment,"and constantly protected by the Navy of
this and foreign Governments, and under the
guardianship of intelligent white men who labored
for its prosperity, still unable to stand alone, but
declining to its certain and final relapse to barbar-
ism. From reliable authority I learn that, up to
the year 1858, there have been sent to Liberia, in-
cluding those sent to Cape Pa! mas by the Mary-
land society, eleven thousand free negroes and
liberated slaves, and at the present time there re-
mains but seven thousand six hundred, being a
diminution of over three thousand by the excess
of deaths over births, a loss of more than thirty
percent. What a sad commentary on the folly
of those who have been striving to reverse the
laws of God and who are now endeavoring to
turn the world upside down to make white what
He has made black ! The whole affair, sir, is the
lame and impotent conclusion of mistaken and
misdirected philanthrophy. In conclusion, 1 will
take this occasion to say, without discussing the
expediency of reopening the slave trade, a matter
which properly belongs to the sovereign States
whose industrial policy is to be affected by it, that
the laws are highly offensive in defining that to
be piracy upon the high seas which is not rob-
bery, and in attaching the death penalty to an act
which in itself is not necessarily immoral.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Alabama, finds fault with the introduction of
this paragraph into an appropriation bill. It is the
proper place for it. It is tha proper place to pro-
vide for the expense incurred in the execution
of the act of 1H19 prohibiting the slave trade.
Some two or three times, during my term of ser-
vice in this body, have appropriation* of six,
eight, or ten thousand dollars been made for the
purpose of enabling the President of the United
States to execute the net of 181{J. The President
of the United States, in his annual message, calls
your attention to the fact that a vessel engaged in
the slave tiadc, was captured by one of the ves-
sels of our Navy, that that vessel was taken into
the povtof Charleston, and that in pursuance of
the law of 1619, it became his duly to take those
captured Africans into his possession. The ques-
tion arose, what disposition should be made of
them. The act of ISlD.authonzes the President—
" To make such regulations andananceinent-.as ho may
deem e\-pe<.h*iit) loi the safe-keeping,Mipport,ami icmoval
beyond tin.' imm< < j the United c>tutus, oi ail auUi ncgioes,
mulattos, ot pi'i*-ons of coloi."
It also authorizes him to appoint an agent or
agents tor the puiposc of taking care of them.
In pursuance ot this law, and giving to it the con- j
struetion given to it by a former President of the '
United States, which construction was recognized
by Congress, the President appointed an agentto
accompany these negroes to tue coast of Africa,
and they were placed on board of one of our naval
vessel*. A contract was also made by the Pres-
ident of the United States, as far as he had power
to bind the Government, with the American Col-
onization Society, by which, when these negroes
ssiiuuld be tianspoited to Africa, they should be
placed under the cave and protection of the Colo-
nization Society, and, for twelve months after
their arrival there, should betaken cate of, and
their maintenance and support provided for. I
ask you if this was not a humane course ? I ask
ifitwasnot the right course? Here .were per-
sons who, by a violation of the laws of the Uni-
ted States, were brought within our jurisdiction.
The President of the United States was required to
remove them without the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States. I ask if humanity did not require that
we should see that their lives should be preserved ?
They were not restored to their native land, from
from whence they were taken; but they were re-
moved to a colony founded by the benevolent
people of the United States, and which, thus far,
has been maintained by them. To turn them
loose, as paupers, upon that poor people,unable
to support themselves and their o,wn Government,
would have been a wrong to the people of Libe-
ria. Therefore, 1 approve the act of the President
of the United States, in making the contract which
he did, and this appropriation is designed to de-
fray the expenses of taking care of those captured
Africans while in the United States, and while on
board of our vessel-of-war, and to comply with
the contract the President has made with the Col-
onization Society.
This, moreover, embraces another appropria-
tion. By the act of 1819, twenty-five dollars per
head is allowed for every African who may be
captured.
Mr. CLAY. Will the gentleman allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Alabama [Mr. Dowdkll] first desires to
propound a question. I yield to him.
Mr. DOWDELL. I want the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to tell me why,
if the President has a right to school, civilize, and
support a number of Africans for twelve months,
he would not have the same right to do so for
twenty years; and if he has no authority to edu-
cate, clothe, and support our white children here,
what authority has he to cducate, clothe, and sup-
port black children m a foreign country ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Would the gen-
tleman propose to turn loose a parcel of Africans
who could not speak the English language and
could not make their wishes known, among a
people who do speak the English language? It
is designed and intended that these captured Af-
ricans shall settle m the colony of Liberia. So
far as these children are concerned, I ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama whether he would not be
willing to allow a small pittance for their school-
ing? I will now hear the gentleman from Ken-
tucky.
Mr. CLAY. If this appropriation was intended
by the Committee of ways and Means for the
specific purpose announced by its chairman, I de-
sire to know why the language was not more ex-
press? I am opposed to ali these laws on our
statute-book in relation to the slave trade, and I
will not vote a dollar for the purpose.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. To that I reply,
repeal them; but while a law is on the statute-
book, it must be observed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Let me explain.
Mr. SEWARD. I insist on the enforcement
of the rule.
Mr. SINGLETON. I offer the following
amendment as an additional proviso:
.dnd providedftuthcr, That no pan of said appiopnahon
<?hall be uccd for the t-uppo't or education of any Africans
hero tot mo leuirned, or hereafter to be n turned, to their na-
tive country, undri 1 be ptovi-ions of said act ol 3d March,
K-iiO, attei the same ate delivered into the hands or the
agent or agents appointed to receive them lioin the United
Statu--.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have an amendment to
offer at a preceding point of the section; and I ask
the Chair, whether my amendment does not take
precedence of that of the gentleman from Missis-
sippi ?
The CHAIRMAN, The Chair is of opinion
that, as it is all to the same section, it is immate-
rial which amendment comes first. Does the gen-
tleman from Mississippi yield to the gentleman
from Georgia''
Mr. CRAWFORD. Under that decision of the
Chair, I do not desire the gentleman to yield.
Mr. SINGLETON. Mr. Chairman, I think
that I am one of the last men in this House to
repudiate any contract entered into by the Presi-
dent of the United States, if I felt that he had
authority to make that contract. So far as I am
concerned, I am perfectly willing that the ex-
penses incurred in recapturing these Africans that
were on board the Echo, and the expenses incurred
in supporting them while in the United States, and
in sending them back to their native land, shall
be defrayed by the Government. And why so?
Because we have on our statute-book the law of
1819, which makes it the imperative duty of the
President of the United States, under such cir-
cumstances, to return them to their native land.
If, therefore, we expected the President to obey
that law, and to discharge his duty under it, we
must, as a matter of course, expect to meet what-
ever expenses may be incurred in the discharge
of that duty. But that is not all. Not only ia
provision sought to be made for their return, but
the President, in his annual message to Congress,
uses the following language:
" Under these circumstances, an agreement was entered
into with the Colonization Society on the 7th of September
las-t, a copy of which is herewith transmitted, under which
the society engaged., tor the consideration of § l.\000, to le-
ceivc the^e African? in Libeim from tho agent ot the United
States, and furnish them during the penodot one year theie-
after, with eomfoitable shelter, clothing, provi-ions, and
medical attendance, and cause their children to receive
schooling, and all, whether child*en or adu!t«, to be in-
structed m the arts oi civilized life, suitable to their con-
dition."
That is the portion to which I object. What-
ever may be my charitable feelings m the matter,
I belong to that class of politicians who believe
in a strict construction of the Constitution of the
United State.". I agree with the gentleman from
Alabama, that if you cannot take one single dol-
lar out of the Treasury of tho United States for
the education of white children in j£Our own coun-
try, you certainly cannot take money from the
Treasury for the purpose of educating negroes in
a foreign land. It is that feature in this case to
which I object. I do not wish to be considered
as putting myself in antagonism to tho President
on this subject, nor do I so legard my position.
He entered into the contract only to the extent of
hisauthoiity. It is still an inchoate con tract, which
Congress has the right to ratify or reject. Gen-
tlemen say that the same construction was put
upon the act. of JS19, under the administration of
Mr. Monroe, sgon after its passage. It is true
that Mr. Monroe did call upon Congress so to
construe the act, and that Congress, not having
responded to his call, he assumed that his con-
struction was assented to, and that he carried it
out in precisely the same spirit as Mr. Buchanan
has done. I say, therefore, that the President of
the United States is not to-be blamed m this mat-
ter. I attach to him none, myself, for making this
contract. Bat we are here for the purpose of pro-
tecting the interests of our constituents, and it is
for us to say whether this construction of the act
of 1819 is right or wrong. If we aie to allow this
latitudmous construction of a plain law, where is
the matter to stop? Enterprising men through-
out the country, not only from the South, but
from every section of it, may be engng! d in the
slave trade; and there may be many instances of
the capture of vessels freighted with these barba-
rians, like the case of the Echo. If wo undertake
to defray the expenses of educating their children
and building school-houses for them m Africa,
of providing medical aid, implements of husban-
dry, and employing all necessary means for taking
care of them, 1 want to know what limit there
Will be to these expenses, and wheic the money
is to come from : The Govermncm of the United
States is now incurring a heavy exp< n.-e in keep-
ing aniit'd ve.^sels upon the Atneun cciu-t,to pre-
vent this tragic; and if it is cairied on by a fow of
our citizens, against its wishes, surely the Gov-
ernment is not to blame, and should not be ex-
pected to be responsible (or such acts further than
she has expressly stipulated to become so. Let
us satisfy the express requirements ofthe act of
1819, and be content therewith, without under-
taking,by an unwarrantable assumption of powei,
to indulge m a sort of universal philanthropy.
Mr. MOORE. I move to amend by reducing
the amount.
Mr. NICHOLS. I make the point of orderthat
that cannot be done. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Sixgletow] 1 have had very little dispo-
sition to say anything in regard to tins bill. I
have looked upon a great deal that hos ;,ecn said
on amendments offered to it wuh very little favor.
1 believe that the bill should have been parsed
through the committee long since; but 1 believe
that if there is an y one provision m the bill which
