1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
m
will commend itself to the deliberate approval of
the people of that section of the country which
I, in part, represent, it is the paragraph that is
now proposed to be amended.
If I understand the'objection urged by gentle-
men to this provision, they assert that the action
of the President in regard to the return of the ne-
groes taken in the slaver Echo was unauthorized,
to some extent, by law. There may be, in the
contract made by the President with the Coloni-
zation Society, some items embraced that were
not specifically provided for by law; but as to the
return of the negroes, the obligation of the Gov-
ernment to suppress the slave trade, and the ex-
pediency of the act performed by the President,
1 apprehend that amongst a vast majority of the
people of this Union there will be very little ques-
tion. And I believe that this is che most meri-
torious provision in the bill, or, at least, equally
meritorious as any other.
The gentleman from Mississippi objects to the
k word '4 education" embraced in the contract with
the Colonization Society. That was a specifica-
tion made by the society, but the object that
moved the President in incurring the expense was
the return of the negroes, and whether it was au-
thorized by law or not, I care not. The Govern-
ment was obligated by its treaty stipulations to
suppress the slave trade. There was no doubt
about the capture of this vessel. There was no
doubt about the negroes being illegally upon the
shores of this country. They were upturned to
Africa. It was right to return them there, and it
would have been wrong to allow any person who
had wrongfully taken them from their own coun-
try in violation of the treaty stipulations of this
country and of the laws of the world, to enjoy
any benefit or advantage from their own illegal
action.
Sir, I care not what the Colonization Society
stipulated with the Prestdeut. I .only know that
it was his duty, under the law of nations and
under the treaty stipulations of the Government,
to return the negroes. I believe that, and I believe
this to be the most meritorious appropriation in
the bill. Shall we accomplish by indirection what
the treaty stipulations of the Government forbid ?
No, sir; let us meet this question fairly. Let us
vote the money to meet the obligation which has
been incurred, and if there be a doubt about its
legality, let us, by voting this appropriation, give
it the sanction of legality on the part of the Gov-
ernment of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CURRY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word " support."
Mr. Chairman, I do not consider it necessary,
in this connection, to express any opinion as to
the constitutionality of the law defining and pun-
ishing the slave trade as piracy, nor in reference
to that portion r>f the law which provides for the
safe-keeping and removal of captured Africans.
Neither is It my purpose to object to anything
which the President lias done in sending the ne-
groes of the Echo back to Africa, and appointing
an ascent " residing upon the coast of Africa," to
receive the negroes and take them from the ves-
sel which transported them. But there, sir, the
law stops; the Executive has discharged his
duty, and the Government has perfectly and com-
pletely fulfilled the law when it has delivered the
captured negroes into the possession of the agent
appointed to receive them, and whose previous
residence in Africa the law most clearly contem-
plates. What I do object to in reference to this
proceeding, is, that thaPresident, by his contract
with the Colonization Society, has provided for
the support, schooling, and instruction of these
negroes " in the arts of civilized life, suitable to
their condition," for the period of one year after
they have been delivered in Africa.
Now, I desire to know if the President can
contract for their support and education for one
year, why cannot he contract for ten years, or for
twenty yeais, or during the life of the negroes?
Where is the limit? I go further in reference to
this matter; and I ask, as my colleague [Mr.
Dowdell] has done, what is comprehended un-
der the terms " support," " schooling," and((in-
struction in the arts of civilized fife r" Can you
appioprkue money to build school-houses and
chapels inAfnca? Does " medical attendance"
include the furnishing of physicians and drug-
stores? Can teachers and books be sent under
this law? The Fourth Auditor, in 1830*in a re-
port to the then Secretary of the Navy, on this
subject—(Executive Document, No-. 1, second
session Twenty-First Congress)'
" In the simple grant of power to our agent (by the act
of 1819) to receive recaptured negroes, it requires broad con-
stiuction to {kid a grant of authority to colonize tliem, to
build houses %l them, to furnish tnem with farming uten-
sils, to pay instiuctois to teach them, to purchase ships for
their convenience, to build forts for their protection, to sup-
ply Ihem with arms and munitions of war, to enlist troops
to guard them, or to employ the Army and Navy m their
defense."
Mr. Chairman, the crown of our defense is in
a rigid adherence|o the Constitution and the laws,
and" the call of humanity must be very extreme
that will justify a violation of law on the part of
any individual, and lawlessness on the part of
one man or of many is alike to be resisted by this
House, and by the country.
Put, sir, I object to another part of this con-
tract. Mr. Monroe, at the time he first sent ne-
groes to Africa, distinctly instructed the agent in
carrying out the law 44 not to connect bis agency
with the plans or views of the Colonization So-
ciety." Now, if Mr. Monroe's authority be good
upon one point, it is good on another. But this
instruction was soon disregarded, and the agent
of the Government was soon the agent of the
Colonization Society, and to use the language of
the Fourth Auditor, in the report already quoted
from—
"It wofild be difficult to imagine an expenditure inci-
dent to the business of human life, which i& not in princi-
ple embiacert in 4he settlement, heretofore made of the ac-
counts of the agents for the reception of liberated Africans
at Liberia."
Lands have been selected and purchased by the
society, in concert with the Government agent;
vessels were bought; emigrants, military stores,
provisions, and materials for buildings, were sent
out from this country, and a standing army has
been kept up in Liberia, or was for some time
under this law, and all at our expense. This sim-
ple act, by a monstrous perversion of its plain and
simple terms, has been construed to admit the
building of school-houses and chapels, and paying
teachers to civilize and Christianize the negroes,
and teach them agriculture and the arts of civil-
ized life. This Government, under this law, for
twenty years or more, has contributed largely to
the support and maintenance of these colonies on
the coast of Africa. And now, by this contract,
this society has been again selected as the receiv-
ing agent, residing upon the coast of Africa, and
the Government has again formed a connection
with that institution. \Vhat assurance can this
country have, that, in this and in future cases that
may arise, the money will not, as heretofore, be
applied to the same illegal and unauthorized pur-
poses? A like strained construction of every law
will justify all conceivable excesses.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I wish that I had time
to discuss that point a little, but I have not. I
think there is no other principle better established
or more worth being observed by this country,
than to preserve law aittf order in all its forms
and in every section of the country. I care not
whether it be in the North or in the South; wheth -
er it be in the one section of the country or an-
other, this violation of law is demoralizing m the
extreme. I am not able to distinguish between
a violation of law and order by a strained con-
struction of a statute by a high executive officer,
or whether it be a violation of law by a band of
lawless men. It is true that mobs generally act
under excitement, and may, therefore, be excused
to a certain extent; but the construction of this
law to authorize the support of these negroes for
one year after arriving m Africa, is_ one which,
by a parity of reasoning, would justify any con-
ceivable interference of the Government in future.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NICHOLS. I have listened with a great
deal of pleasure to the remarks of the gentleman
fiom Alabama, [Mr. Corky]. I understand him
to place his opposition to this section upon a vio-
lation of law by the President or by the Execu-
tive Department. That is the point. Now, I ask
him if the taking of these Africans in the firstin-
stance was not a violation of law—a violation of
a higher law than the one which the gentleman
says the President has violated ?
Mr. CURRY. What higher law?
Mr. NICHOLS. The law of treaty with for-
eign nations; the law of humanity as well aa the 1
law of nations. They were brought here upon
our shores in violation of our own law, in vio-
lation of the laws of nations, and in violation of
the law of humanity. They were thrown upon
the hands of the President, and he returned them
in accordance with the precedents which have
been furnished?
Mr. CURRY. I ask the gentleman to show
me any law upon the statute-book authorizing the
President to support these negroes one4ay after
they will land in Africa ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I will answer the gentleman's
question ifhe will first answer me whether there
is any law authorizing the Executive to clothe
them at all, or to feed them, before sending them
back, other than the great law of humanity ?
Mr. CURRY. Yes, sir, there is a statute law.
Mr, NICHOLS. Very well; grant it. Now
I come back to the other proposition. They are
here in violation of law; what was the President
to do with them ?
Mr. CURRY. The law made it the duty of the
President to carry them back to Africa, but not
to support them after they were there.
Mr. NICHOLS. Exactly. The difficulty with
the gentleman is, that in the contract with the Col-
onization Society there was a provision for their
education. Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 care nothing
about that. The money expended was properly
expended in accordance with the great" law of
humanity, to carry out treaty stipulations, and
to preserve the dignity of the nation. If the pro-
vision for their education was improperly inserted
in the contract, it should form no objection to the
appropriation. I am for the appropriation, lam
for giving the President this money; because I
believe that everything winch has been done in
reference to this matter has been dictated by a
high regard for the honor of this country, and for
what humanity requires.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CURRY, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move to
amend by adding as follows:
Provided, further, That no part of said sum shall be ex-
pended m the maintenance, education, or clothing, of the
returned Aliicans after they were landed in Africa.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suppose
that that amendment in substance is now pending.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move to amend by strik-
ing out " one hundred and seventy-five " in the
forty-fifth line, and inserting li eighty-seven.99
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. WhcUhas
become of my amendment?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee do now rise.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope not.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is very
evident that we shall have nothing but discus-
sion here to-day. I insist on my motion.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speak-
er having resumed the chair, Mr. Stevenson re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the bill of the House (No. 666) making
appropriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, I860, and had come to no reso-
lution thcrecfti.
VANCOUVER'S ISLAND REPORT.
Mr. HOPKINS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested. if not incompatible with the public interest, to
tirm-umt to tju^ TIou«o a copy of the report of the special
a^ent of the United States, sent to Vancouver's Inland,
British Columbia.
Mr. DEAN submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved. That the Committee on the DHtiict of Colum-
bia be instructed to inquire into the expediency of confer-
ring additional powers upon the corpoi auons of Washington
and Georgetown, with the view of the mtmductum for gen-
eral u--e of the Potomac water among the inhabitants of
said cities, from the aqueduct mams or pipes now laid, or
to be laid, by the United States, in the streets and avenues
thereof.
MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. TALBOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a biil to authorise the sale of the Govern-
ment property at the western military asylum at
