598
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
Harrodsburg, Kentucky; which was read a first
and sscond time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
GOVERNMENT PIERS AT CHICAGO.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, by unanimous conscnt,
introduced a bill, of which previous notice had
been given, to' enable the owners of property
fronting on portions of the Government piera at
Chicago, to use the same for commercial pur-
poses, and to keep the same in repair; which wrss
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
J. D. OTT AND CO.
On motion of Mr. MAYNARD, it was
Ordered, That ihe Committee on Claims ,bo discharged
from tlif1 further consideration of tile meinonal ot J. I).
Ott & Co., and that the same be referred to the Committee
on Accounts.
CARMICK AND RAMSEY.
Mr. GROESBECIl. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of (he House to present the account of Car-
mick & Ramsey, in order that it may be printed,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary,
to which the other papers in that case have been
referred.
No objection being made, the account was pre-
sented, and ordered to be printed and referred as
requested.
SELECT COMMITTEE ON DESKS, ETC.
Mr. MILES. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House that the report of the select committee
in relation to the desks and furniture of the House
may be printed, in order that it may be laid on
the desks of members for their information.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
Mr. RUl'TIN. I move thatthe House dornow
adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
PUBLIC LANDS ILLINOIS.
Mr. LOVEJOY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of settlers upon certain
public lands ill the State of Illinois; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
SAFETY ON STEAMBOATS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask leave
to have printed a report, to accompany thp bill for
the better protection of the lives of passengeis on-
board of vessels propelled in whole or in part by
steam, and for other purposes, which has been
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
No objection being made, it whs so ordered.
And then, on motion of Mr. SMITH, of Vir-
ginia, (at four o'clock, p. in.,) the Ilouse ad-
journed.      
IX SENATE.
Wednesday, January !2G, ]ri59.
Prayer by Rev. .T. II. Niciiot s
The Journal of yesterday wa-i lead and approved.
LEGISLATURE OF KANSAS TERRITORY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate the following joint resolution of the Legis-
lature of Kansas Territory:
Joint resolution askinj I'or an addition of twenty dais to the
jnescnt se^iou of the Le^^l.itive A^ynibty ot Kansas
liVintory.
YViieiea« tho organic act of Kansas Temtory re-uncly
the time lorthe regular serious ot the Legislative Awmbly
lo forty days mcludni" Sunday: and wheiea^, owing lo
the complex and conflicting condition oi the lawful ilu-,
Teintot) pa^ed at the lit-l, second, ami thud lobular ses-
sions ot the Lc^i-lative A-Mirnb!y, it betomes nh.-oiutely
nece
tend"
! joint resolutions of Council No. 3, and that the same passed
' the Council, January 11, A. D. 1&5S).
A. SMITH DEVENNEY,
Secretary of Council.
I certify that the above joint resolutions passed the House
of Representatives, Tuesday, January 11, A. I). 1859.
B. AYEIIS,
Clerk of the House of iwpresentatives.
Approved, January 14, 1859.
S. MEDARY.
| Mr. HAMLIN. I move that it be referred to
I the Committee on Territories.
j The motion was agreed to.
| CREDENTIALS.
1 Mr. HAMLIN presented the credentials of
■ Hon. William Pitt Fessenden, elected aSena-
I tor by the Legislature of the State of Maine for
six years, commencing 011 the 4th day of March
: 1859", which were read, and ordered to be placed
j on the files.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS,
j Mr. CAMERON. I am requested to present
1 a petition signed by one thousand citizens of
Blair county, Pennsylvania, asking for a modifi-
cation of the tariff so as to protect coal and iion.
At the request of the petitioners, I move that it be
read.
; The Secretary read it, as follows:
■ To the honorable Senate caul House of Representatives in
I Cong; ess aitemhlcd:
i Your petitioner respectfully represent that the agriculfti-
! ral, manufacturing, and eommuicial industry ot oui country
1 is now languishing, and labor prostrate; that the revenues
! of the Government are insufficient to meet the daily ex-
penses; that there is no encouiagement fot the investment
uf capital, or employment ioi laboi , and tli.it all these
j evils will continue until Congress shall so tnodtly the rev-
1 enue laws of the Government a  to give piotection to the
■ labor and capital of our own country.
I That the revenue la\v=.,aic at piescnt, and have been for
■ the pa<it twelve yeais, m> aitanged as to rathe! protect for-
eign labor and mechanics than our own, taxing the raw
material higher than the manufactured aiiicle in nianv in-
stances, as <>n 11011 and outleiy; on tin plate and lui-
waie ; and lb" high duties on coat>e wool, <lye-&tutl>, &.C.,
used by oui lnanulneluieis, which we do notpioduce.
And fuither, that we, the people ot J>!air coimi\, Penn-
sylvania, of all paitnN, believe that labor and revenue are
identical; that the measures that piostiate labor de-troy
revenue; and that pioteetion is a gteat national me, i^uie
that should be permanent, and not subject to party influence
and eontiol; and that no section of our gieateountrv can
piospef permanently, without lair and ju^t protection from
the inroads ol lorcign influence, capital, and labor.
And they tuither repte-ent, that fiom the evpenence of
the past, the specific principle should be adopted in Iku
of the ad valorem on all articles coming m competition with
our giowth or manutacture ; that tin1 ad valorem pnn< iple
n ;i bhdmg scale ngauist our own pioductive indu^i v ; and,
as a ictnedy lor the evils complained of, that weights and
measuies be generally used, in all ca^es whr-ie it can be
done, in adjusting the leveune articles of foreign growth
and manufacture.
1'oui petitioners therefoie pray that you will at this ses-
sion of Cougirss so icvise the law* a-< to give complete
projection to the labor ami capital of out own eountiy, in
piefereiice to all others.
Mr. CAMERON. T move that it be referred
to tlie Committee on Finance.
The motion was Agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER pwsented a petition of citi-
zens of Cass county, NeCraskd, protesting against
a dismemberment of that Territory, and the an
nexaUon of any part thereof to the Terntoiy of
Kansas; which was referred to lite Committee on
Territories.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of residents
ofTrumbnll comity, Ohio, who were soldiers in
the war of 1812; and a petition of citizens of
Trumbull county, Ohio, nut soldiers in that war,
praying that a law may he passed granting pen-
sions to the soldiers of that war; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FITCPI presented the petition of Israel
s and
pces^aty to haw a complete revision of said law a and e.v- ■: J0}iny0n prayirer compensation for services and
ndcdaJdit.oi.aJlwJauc.n- Thou'iorn, >, snnplics furmslicd to thy Miami and Pottdwat-
lie it resolved blithe Govcitior mid Legislative |, 1 > « j it . i * f ('
'thcTcruU-niofh'an.a^ follows: * j onaie Indians, by oider of United btates Indian
of the Ten itoi >i of
Fu^t. Thar tin; Connie—ol tlic I'm ted ^tate- be. and the
samely hen by, re-pocmllly lequesti'd to mi amend the or-
ganic act of the Terntoiy a* to extend the nme of the pie-
ent session of the Legislative Assembly to the ruin of si.\i\
davs.
Second. That the Governor be requeued to forwntd a
copy of the foregoing preamble ,ind let-ohuiuns to the pre-
Eiding Officers ot ihe Senate and House of Rt pie-cniaii\e:>
of the Congress of the United Stales, and to the Hon. M Mi-
cas J. Pauuo i,Delegate ior Kansas, iequ^t;ng early atten-
tion thereto.
A. LAUZEJ.r.RK,
Speaker ct He Ilnu^e nf lle^raentatives.
C.W BABCOCK,
lJicsident of th<' CuvulV.
1 liereby certify the
agents; which was referred to the Committee on
1 Indian Affaity.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. fjIGLER, it was
0) dcrt'd, Tnat tfenrca G Fiminons have leave to with-
diaw ins petition and papets.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
' Mr. HALE. Yesterday, I introduced on leave
a hill for the relief of the widow of Charles Pear-
son: which was referred to the Committee on
( Claims. Upon the suggestion of the chairman
bove to be a correct emollment of 11 of that committee that it more appropriately be-
longs to th.e Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office, I move that the vote by which it was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims be reconsid-
ered, and that it be referred to the Committee on
Patents and the Patent Office.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the bill was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr.IYERSON,from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Richard
Roman, a commissary of subsistence during the
late war with Mexico, praying to be credited with
an amount disallowed on the settlement of his
accounts, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Seneca G. Simmons,
praying to be released from liability for certain
public rnoney stolen from his possession in Mex-
ico, asked to be discharged from its further consid-
eration, and that it be referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia; which was
agreed to.
Hu also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Simpson P. Moses,
praying to be allowed the benefit of the second
section of the act of July 21, 1852, fixing defin-
itely the compensation of the collector at Asto-
ria, in the settlement of his accounts as collector
of the district of Puget Sound, asked to be dis-
charged from ifsfurtherconsideration, and that it
be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL, fiom the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 21) for the relief of Hall Neilson,
repoited it without amendment, and submitted
an adverse report; which was ordered to be
; piinted.
i Mr. HALE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
i fairs, to whom was referred the memorial of Ann
j Scott, widow of William E. Scott, asking that
: authority be given to the accounting officers of the
j Treasury to allow her a commission upon the
! disbursements of her said husband, as pension
! agent, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
! (is. No. 533) for the relief of Mrs. Ann Scott. The
bill was icad, and passed to a second reading;
j and the report was ordered to be printed.
I Mr. HAMMOND, from the Committee on
1 Naval AfT.urs, to whom was recommitted the
| memorial of Samuel James, Ignatius Lucas,
, Charles Tilley, and Thomas S. Bingey, with the
\ previous adverse report of the committee, re-
I ported adversely thereon; and the report was
! agiced to.
j Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
I Naval Affairs, to whom was recommitted the
i memoiial of Joseph Humphries, submitted an ad-
verse report, which was agreed to, and the report
was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Franklin Kellsey, of
Middletown, Connecticut, asking an approprta?
tion to enable him to build the model of a steam-
boat on new principles, in order to test the value
of his invention, reported adversely thereon; and
I the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was refened the petition of Charles C. Walden,
and the resolution of the Senate in relation to
j communication by tJegraph between Key West
; and Cuba, asked to be discharged from their fur-
j ther consideration, and that they be referred to
I the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
! htia.
| Mr. REID, from the Committee on Patents and
[ the Patent Office, to whom was referred the peti-
i tion of Y. A. Wemple and George Westing-
! house, praying that the Commissioner of Patents
i be authorized to heai and determine their apph-
I cation for an extension of a patent for an im-
1 proved grain separator, reported adversely there-
: on; and the report was agreed to.
I Mr RTCE, from the Committee on the Post
! Otfice and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
' bill (S. No. 460) to authorize the establishment
1 ofanorthern Pacific mail route, reported it with
: an amendment.
I He also, from the same committee, to whom
i was referred the bill (3. No. 3GG) authorizing tho
j establishment of a northern Pacific mail route,
