THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY**JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, MARC PI 11, 1859.
New Series No. 306.
John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Wade,
Walbridge, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B.
Washbume, Israel Washburn, and Wood—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Barr, Bocock, Bonhain, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Bry.an,
Burnett, Burns, Caskie, Cavanaugh,John B. Clark, Clay,
Cobb, John Cochrane, Corning, James Craig, Burton
Craige, Crawford, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, Elliott, English, Eustis, Faulkner, Florence, Foley,
Garnett, Gilhs, Gibner, Greenwood, Gregg, Grocsbeck,
Grover, Lawrence W. Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hodges,
Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett, George W.
Jones, Landy, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbin, McQueen,
McRae, Samuel S. Marshall, Maynard, Miles,- MilUon,
Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Pendleton, Peyton, John
S. Phelps, Reagan, Ruffin, Russell, Sandidge, Scales. Scott,
Searing, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Singleton,'Robert Smith,
Samuel A. Smith, Stallvvorth, Stevenson, James A. Stew-
art, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Underwood, Vallandig-
liam, Watkins, White, Whitelev, Wmslow, Wortendyke,
and John V. Wright—93.
So the motion to reconsidcr was not laid upon
the table.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the veas and nays on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House take a recess until
nine o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The House is now acting
under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. POTTER. I move that the Mouse ad-
journ; and on that demand tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burnett
and Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 2G, noes 117.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the motion
to reconsider.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I appeal to gen-
tlemen to let us take a vote on the amendment,
without any intermediate votes.
Objection was made to debate.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 82; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Arnold. Atkins, Avery, Barksdale,
Barr, Bocoek, Bonhain, Bowie, Bovce. Branch, Bryan,
Burnett, Burns, Caskie, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Corning, James Cram, Burton Craige, Ciawtord,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell. Edmund-
son, Elliott, EnglNh, Eustis, Faulkner, Floience, Foley,
Garnett, Gilhs, Gilmer, Greenwood, Gregg, Groenbeck, Gto-
ver, Lawrence W. Hall, Hawkins, Ijod<?es, Hopkins, IIou-s -
ton, Jackson. Jenkins, Jewett, George W. Jones, Lamai,
Landy, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbm, McQueen, MeKae,
Samuel S. Maisdmll, Mn«on, Maynard, Milos.' MilKon,
Moore, Isaac N. Mom<, Niblaek, Pendleton,Peyton, John
S. Phelps, Powell, Ilea an, Rutlin, Rus-Ml, Sandidize, Sav
age, Scales, Scott. Sealing, Ileury M. Shaw, Shoitet, Sin-
gleton, Robeit Smith, Samuel A Snmh, Stalhvmth, Ste-
venson, Jamc- A.Stewait, George Ta\loi, Miles Taylor,
Underwood, Yallandigham, Vance, "Walking While,
Whiteley, Window, Woodson, Woitendyke, and John V.
Wriuht.—96.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adiam, Andtews, Bennett,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Brayton, Bultinton, Burhngame,
Case, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Clark, lloiaee F Clark,
Collau, Coniins, Covode, Ciagm, Cuttis, Davi-- of Maiv-
land, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa, Da we,. Dean,
Dewart, Dodd, Durfee, Edie. Farn*woitli, Fenton, Fostci,
Gooch, Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Ham*,
Ha&kin, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Owen Jones, Keim. Kel-
logg, Kilgoie, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leidy, Leiiej. Love-
joy, Matte^on, Moigan, Mon ill. Mott, Murray.Him, Palmer,
Parker, Pettit, Phillip*. Potter, Purvi.uice, lleilly, Bobbins,
Robert-, Itoyce, John Sherman. Jud-on VV. Slieiman, Spin-
ner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan. Tiiayoi, 'Pomp
kins, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron. Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Ellihu B. Washbume. Israel Washburn, and Wood
-82.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Pending the above call,
Mr. JACKSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Stephens, had paned off with Mr. Clawsox;
and that Mr. Curry had paired off with Mr.
Pike.
Mr. FLORENCE. Persistently voting to se-
cure an incieaso of the tai iff without success, the
existing act yielding insufficient revenue to sup-
port the mosteconomicalgovemmental expendi-
tures, I cannot consent to stop the wheels of the
Government by any act of mine when no prac-
tical good is to result from it. I therefore vote in
the affirmative.
Several Members called to order.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
106
The question recurred on the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 94, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Arnold. Atkins, Avery, Barksdnle,
Barr, Bocoek, Bonham, Bowie, Bovce, BrancJ), Bryan,
Burnett, Bums, Caskie, John B. Claik, Clav, Cobb, John
Cochrane, Corning, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford,
Davis of Indiana, Davi* of Mississippi, Dowdell, Edmund-
son, Elliott, English. Eu us. Faulkner, Florence, Foley,
Garnett. Gil lis, Gilmer, Gieen wood, Giegg, Groe«-beck. Gio-
ver, Lawrence W. Hall, Ilawkm*, Hodges, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett. George W. Jones, Lamar,
Landy, Letcher, Maclay, Melvibbin, McQueen, MeRae,
Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Mile*, Million,
Moore, Niblack, Pendleton. Peuon, John S. Phelp*. Pow-
ell, Reagan, Ruifin, Itussell, Sandidge, Savage, Scale*,
Scott. Searing. Henty M. Shaw, Shot tor. Singleton, Robert
Smith. Samuel A. Smith, Stalhvmth. Sieven^on. Jame* A.
Stewart, George Tavloi, Miies Taylor, Undei wood, Yallan-
digham, Vance, Walking, While. Whiteley, Wmslow,
Wbodvon, Wortendyke, nndJnhn V. Wright—94.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adiam. Andiews, Bennett,
Bingham, Blair, Bliss, Biavtoti, liufhnton. Burlnigame,
Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Chapman, Ezra Chuk, Horace F.
Clark. Colfax, Coming Covode, Ciagin, Cuttis, Davis of
Maryland, Davis of Massachusetts Davis of Iowa, Dawes,
Dean, Dewait, Dodd, Duitee, Edie, Farnsworth, Fenton,
Foster, Gooch, Goodwin, Giow, Robert B Hall. Harris,
Ha&kin. Hoaid, Iloiton, Hovvaid. Huvler, Owen Jones,
Kenn, Kellogg, Kilgoie, Knapp, John "C Ivunkeh Leidy,
Letter, Lovejoy. Humphrey Matshall, Matte<on, Morgan,
Morrill, Fieeman H.Morse, Mott, Mm ia\, Olin, rainier,
Parker. Phillips, Potter, Pumance, Keilly, Robbing, Rob-
erts, Koyce, John Sherman, Judson W. Shei man, S pi unci,
Stanton, William Stewait, Tappan, Thau'r. Tompkins, ;
Wade, Walbridge, Waldion, Cadwaladei C Washburn, :
Ellihu 15. Washbume, Isiael Washburn, and Wood—S3.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Pending the vote,
Mr. FLORENCE said: The Government can-
not^ct on without money. Every expedient lias
failed to get it. [" Order!"] At this late hour,
in my judgment, all hope of any other plan of
relief is out of question, ['' Order!" " Order!"]
and satisfied that my constituents will be suffer-
ers [renewed cries of " Older!" and great con-
fusion] unless the Treasury has means for sup-
plies, 1 vote %t ay."
Twenty-ninth amendment:
Add. as an additional section, as follows,:
Seo. —. */lnd be U furthercnn<tod, That the Secretary of
the Treasury is hereby authorized, undei the act o! June
14. 185S. to i-"<uc coupon, or rejjisU'ied htock, as ihy pur- .
chasei may elect.   !
The amendment was agreed to. |
Thirtieth amendment:
Add tho following iw an aJditional •'ootion • ■
Src.—, s/lnd be U furtheremuted. That the po-,t olheein
Boston, Ma^achu-etts, shall not be lemov^d noin its pres-
ent location till after tlic neu session ot Congiess: Pro-
vided, Tho remon-tiantft aaam^t it< leinoval will indemnity
the Government from any additional t'Apense glowing out I
of any contiacts toranothei site. !
I The amendment was concurred in.
; Thirty-first amendment:
; Add, as an additional •section, as follow-:
! Sec. —. +liul /"> \t jurther enodcJ, That such officers as
\v< ic placed upon the "fuilough h-t," by the action of the
said n<ival retning boaid.and who have been subsequently
Hardened to th<  kk leave Int.'' shall be allowed "leave
pay" tor and duung the tune t'tiey were on the furlough lut
a< afoic^aid, deducting the tuilough pay which they re-
ceived duiMg iaid time.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
Add, as an additional section, as follows :
Sec —. *.'lnd be it further enacted. That in case of the
death of any officer aftei his restoration oi transfer, as afore-
said, his legal representatives shall be entitled to receive
the amount which said officer would liave received undei
this act up to the time ot his death.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-third amendment:
Add, a< an additiou.it section, a- r-dlow-* :
Sec. —. .'hid be it further cnaded. That the Postma^er
Genera! is herein authorized ami duected to contia< t with
ic-poiiMhlc paito'a loi the fiansportation of the United
States mails between New Vo«k and Astona, vi,. Panairn
and San Fi.iucnco, -cmi-monililv. and to lequire said con-
tractors to tiansporf on the Pacific ocean siten mail matter ,
as may pas^ over the Telmanti'pec loute. as hereinafter an-  
thorized : Proi ided. That the tune between New York and j
San Francisco shall not eKeeed t\vent>-two days, and that
the whole cost shall not exceed $525,OUO per annum for the
service hetween New York and Astona.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
Add, as an additional section, the following:
Sec. —. Jind. be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
Genera! shall also contiact with responsible parties for the
transportation of the mails semi-monthly between New Or-
leans and San Francisco. viaTehuantepec, and arrange for
the connection of said mail on the Pacific', with the mails
via Panama, as directed in the preceding section : Provided,
That the tune between New Orleans and San Francisco
shall not exceed fifteen days, and that the co*t of said ser-
vice shall not exceed the sum of $250,000 per annum.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
Add, as an additional section, the following:
Sec. —. *Siui be it further enacted, That the contracts
'] heiein directed shall be made from the expiration of the
ji existing contracts to the 30th day of June, A. D. 1861.
|j The amendment was non-concurred in.
; Thirty-sixth amendment:
I! Add, as an additional section, the following:
|; Sec . —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the Postmaster
General be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to
i, contiact with Carlos Rutterfield and his associates, who
11 are to be styled "the United States and Mexican Mail Steam-
: | ship Company," for the conveyance of the mails from and
to the United States,and to and fiom the Republic of Mex-
^ ico, in the following order, namely: a steamer shall leave
j; New Oilcans or Mobile, on the 1st and 16th days of each
i month, touching first at Galveston, Matagorda bay, Brazos
i de Santiago, Tampico, Vera Cruz. Coatzacoalcos, Tabasco,
' Laguna.Campeche, Sisal, and all other ports in said circuit
j; that may hereafter be ascertained to be practicable, includ-
!' ing Sabine Pass, and thence to New Orleans oi Mobile;
; and, on the 8th and 2ith davs of each month, a steamer
j shall leave New Oilcans or Mobile, touching fim at Sisal,
• Oainoeehe. L.isjnna, Tabasco, Coatzacoalcos, Vera Cruz,
i Tampico, Bra7i>* de Santiago. Matagorda bay, Galveston,
jj and thence to New Oilcans or Mobile, thus accomplishing
j the full circuit ol the Gulf, or foui round voyages pei month.
\\ The amendment was non-concurred in.
■: Thirty-seventh amendment:
jf Add, a*- an additional section, the following *
! Sec. —. Jind be it further enacted, That the aforesaid
j; contract shall be for a term of foui years, and shall not in-
I volve, on the part of the Government of the United States,
j1 ony expenditure exceeding ,$120,000 per annum.
ji The amendment was non-concurred in.
!; Thirfy-eighth amendment:
jj Add, a* an additional section, the following-
h Src — Jlnd be it jurther enacted, That the Secretary of
|j the Interior be, and he is herebv, authorized to complete
!; the purchase of the piemi^c> in the cit> ot New York now
ji occupied by the United States courts and their officers,
j undei a lease fiom Wiiliam E. Buiton to the United States,
1/ and to pay tor the same outoi the judiciary fund ; Provided,
■ A sufiieient amount thereof shall lemani unexpended at the
!, olo^e ot the piesent hscal year.
! The amendment was non-concurred in.
i|
j; Thirty-ninth amendment:
j' Add the following a* an additional section :
j[ Sec. —. Jind be it fuither enacted. That.m default of any
!. contractor, under the act approved August '28.18-2-2. entitled
Si " An act to piovule ror executing the public punting;, and
■ \ establishing the pi ices theietor, and for other purpo-e?," to
! comply with his conuact in furnishing the papei tortlie pub-
i lie punting m pioper tune, and of suitable quality, the Su-
' pciintendrnt of Public Piintmg is herebv auiho*n/.ed and
i directed to adveitise for proposals for such nine and in sticii
< places as he may deem expedient, and awaid the contiact
; to the lowest bidder, and to purchase m the open market,
I upon the best p'aeticable term-, all the paper that mav be
required tor (he public printing until a new contract is mad«';
and any incieaso ot cost to tiie Government in |>focurmj; n
supph ol papei, the eonti.ictoi i.i default and Ins secuuties
, «hall be charged wills and held rc-ponsihle tor the sanie. ami
! shall be piosccuted upon their bond, in the name of the
United State-?, m the cneuit court ot the United States. And
all aet^ orp*ut*?ot act-? inconsistent with this section l y.
' and the same ate hereby, repealed.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fortieth amendment:
Add, a& an addition.il section, the following:
SbX'. —. And be it finthcr enacted, Thau in all case--
where, by the terms of any Indian treaty, m Kansas 'JY| ri-
1 tiny, s.ud imhans are entitled to separate selections of laud,
and to a patent thetelor. under cuaid-. ic->tnciton or eon'
dttionsfoi their benefit, the Secretary of the Interim i> herebv
authorized to cause parents therefoi to issue to such Indian
oi Indians, and their heiri, upon -uch conditions and limit-
ations, and undersuen jzuarcUor t^s'nctions.a.sinav be pie-
senbed by said Secietary: Provided, That nothing herein
contained shall be constiued to ajtply to the New "i oik In-
dians, or to atlect their lights, under the treaty made bv them
in 1S3S, at Buffalo Cieek.
The amendment was concurred in.
