1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 501) to establish the
Lake Superior and Pacific overland mail route,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of B. B. Meeker, pray-
ing the establishment of an overland mail route*
from Lake Superior to Puget Sound, with a
branch to the Pacific, in Oregon,asked to be dis-
charged from its furthcrconsidcrationj winch was
agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of citizens of Minne-
sota, praying the establishment of a mail route
from St. Paul, to the navigable waters of the Co-
lumbia river, and to Puget Sound, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
DISTRICT BUSINESS,
Mr. BROWN", from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, reported the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Saturday of the present week be set apart
foi the couMdeiaiion ot business lelatmg to the DibUict of
Columbia.
LIGHT-HOUSES.
Mr. SLTDELL submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Scerctaiy of the Treasuiy be inst iucted
to infoim the Senate what amount ha> b >en expended tor
the hrt five fiscal yean ic^pecnvelv, foi the ssuppoit and
repairs of h$iit-!iouW\ and aho loi expenses of conjunc-
tion of the frame, distiiigui&binpthe expenses on the n<>tth-
ern lakes from those 011 the Atlantic and Pacific coasts;
also what chaise*, are leviad bv other coimtne* on vcbsck-,
of the United States for Imht duties, what may be nppiox-
lmolely anted as the annual amount thcicnt', and what
would, m lin opinion, 1)0 a suilirient chaise pei ton on ves-
sels naviLMtuii? on the Pacific ami Atlantic eoa^s to meet
the annua! expciuhtuic loi construction, lcpmis, ami M;p
poitof licht houses on s>aid coa^t*. and a like esiiiiuito in
lelatiou to ht'ht-tiouses on the noitliern lakes.
FORTIFICATIONS ON SAN FRANCISCO BAY.
Mr. GWIN. I submit the following resolu-
tion :
Retired, That the Committee on MdiUiry Aif.ms and the
Militia be m«tMH'ted to mqime "Uo tho aheqaoon* ot traud
m the p'opo ■( d p'iich.i>e ot a Mt<> for the foundation*, upon
the noitl. M(It <U' (he bav of rian Pranc^co, and that I he said
committee be authonzed to send :oi pei&ons and papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution to-
day.
Mr. STUART. I object to it. I think we ought
to take a hule time before we authorize the com-
mittee to Fend for persons and papers ^Califor-
nia. 1 think the resolution had better lie over.
The PRESIDENT;>ro tempore. Objection being
made, it lies over under the rules.
ATTORNEY GENERAL'S OFFICE.
Mr. BIGLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con^
sent, and agreed to:
Rvsohcd, That the CommiUec on the Judicary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ol mil kmc Mien
change? in the organization of the Attorney General's ottice
as will improve ifs eihcr.sncy without ineieasing its iigo'rc-
gate co.-t to the Government.
COMMERCIAL AGENCY.
Mr. B1GLER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Revolted, That the Committee on Commabe mstiuct^
to in (pi 11in to the expediency 01 le^fv.na the compensation
tot uiei I\ attached to the commei eial agency at i^t. ^lai un,
undei tin* a-') 0; Mai<-h 1, Ifc'w, ui ot ineje,.Mng the saiaty
01 the cuu.l.K .11.11 .^..a lit llittl Iiluco to an ajiequ.uc
amount.
BILLS ISTKODUCLD.
Mr. FITCH. hi pursuance of previous liouee.
asked, and by unanimous consent ootaiulu, lea\e
to introduce a bill (S. iNo. 534) to change tuo il-
lations of the United States with the various In-
dian tribes within the bunts thereof; winch was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
INDIANA ELECTION QUESTION.
j\j>. SEWARD. I ask the Senate now to take
up for consideration a resolution winch I sub-
mitted two days ago, authorizing the admission
to the floor of the Senate of two gentlemen from
the State of Indiana, claiming to be Senators in
Congress from that State.
The resolution contemplates merely their ad-
mission, as a matter of respect to the State and
courtesy to them, to the privilege of attendingupon
the floor of the Senate; conferring upon them no
rights of debate or of argument, or to sit as mem-
bers of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I should like to hear the reso-
lution read for information.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolred, That lion. Henry S. Lane and Hon. William
M. McCarty, who claim to have been elected Senators tiom
the Stale of lnthauajho entitled to the puvdejfe of admis-
sion on the floor of the Senate, until their claims shall be
decided.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on taking up the resolution, and declared that
the noes appealed to have it.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. 1VERS0N. 1 am very much inclined to
vote for taking up the resolution, in order that we
may lay it on the table for the icstof the session. ;
1 think'we had better get rid of it in that w:i_v. If I
we do not take up the resolution now, it is open I
to be moved to bo taken up every morning timing j
the whole session; and 1 think, myself, th" Sen- j
ate owes it to its t^wn dignity and to the question !
itself, to take up the resolution and decide it at j
oncc. If it be taken up—I beheve 1 shall vote j
for taking; it up—I shall move to lay it on tile t.i- |
hlc for the remainder of the session, so that wc ;
shall have no further trouble with it. j
Mr. MASON. I agree entirely with the Sen- ;
ator from Georgia. 1 would consider the iv*ulu- j
lion out of respect which [ entertain propi riy to a ]
State and to the Senator who offered it. ! would ,
consider it also for the respect which we entei- j
tain to the State to which it relates; but i think, j
with the .Senator from Georgia, that the pioj.er |
disposition of it is to lay it upon the table. 1 J
liav e certainly very great rcspcc.i for all the States
of this Union, and would give them the irc'St ae-
! cess to questions upon this floor; but those States
, must ha\e some respect for the Senate and its
past history. The Senate has finally or cidcd upon
the question which it secks.to reagitcto.
Mr. GWIN. i hope the call for the yeas and
nays will be withdrawn. There, will be no ob-
jection to taking it up.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER,. The Chair hears
no objection, and the ca'l is withdrawn.
The motion to take up the resolution was agreed
to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I trust that
the resolution will not be so summarily disposed
of as to lay it oil the table. It seems to me that
it is clue to one of the sovereign States of this
Union, which has sent two persons here claiming
seats upon the floor of the Senate as HTU.ibeis of
the Senate, that they should at least be pi rnnttcd,
as a matter of courtesy, to come within the Sen-
ate Chamber. Wc have, adopted a veiy stivu
rule in regard to the exclusion of persons. Under
the rules as they existed in t!fe old Senate Ch )U-
ber, I believe one, or perhaps both, of tin se fen-
tier.ien would be entitled to come upon the iioor
of the Senate.
It is not a resolution to authorize them to take
any part in the proceedings of the Senate. They
are sent here by one of the sovereign States of
this Union; and while the matter is pending, it
would seem to me that there wimh! be a propriety
in their being: heie, so that they coulu lie e.ei-
suked when the matter comes i.p in lire Sena'e.
It is settling no right, nor is it granting ar.y priv-
ilege that presupposes a right. We allow a num-
ber of persons, under our present rules, to conic
inside of the Senate Chamber, who have no con-
nection with the body. It is not, as the Senator
' from Virginia would seem to intimate, and I was
quite sdipused ui the rern.-ok winch he let fah,
j that this was a d. cided ea^e. I was veiy much
I surprised, because, in looking into the history of
!: similar cases to this, I have found the Senator
'' from Virginia, after having voted that certain per-
sons were membeis of Congtess, subsf qnenily,
at a succeeding session—rfter having given that,
vote upon the teportof a commutes when; tlie
whole matter had been argued and discussed
for days—when, afterwards, persons came and
claimed those seats by u subsequent election, that
honorable Senatsr voted to rescind the vote which
he had given at a former session in favor of the
right of the parties who then claimed seats, and
the resolution was rescinded; and I am a little
surprised that now it should be taken for granted
as a precluded matter.
Mr. SEWARD. State the case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, in the
Twenty-Fifth Congress of the United States, at
its first session, there appeared in the othei" wing
of the Capitol, from the State of Mississippi, two
gentlemen, Messrs. ClaiborneandGholson, claim-
ing to be elected members of that Congress. When
they applied for admission, objection was made
to their being sworn in; but they were sworn in
I after some little discussion, and they voted for
j Speaker. Their credentials were then referred to
the Committee of Elections in the House of Rep-
1 rearntatiYcs; and that committee, through Mr.
Buchanan, made an elaborate report, concluding
■ With a resolution thatMessrs. Claiborne and Ghol-
, son were entitled to scats as members of the Twen-
1 ty-riflh Congress. That resolution was discussed
' tor davs,and finally it was adopted; and Messrs.
Claiborne and Gholson wore declared to bemem-
[ hers of the Twenty-Filth Congress.
i This was at a special session held in the fall of
I ic37, I titulle. At the regular session of Con-
, gics.s, which assembled in December following,
i two other gentlemen appeared in the House of
I Rpiu-es.c.tatives, Messrs. Prentiss and Word,
i who had been elected at a regular election held
dm in", the fall. They presented their creden-
| tia'is, anu claimed, not to be admitted upon the
floor nf thi' House ot' Representatives, but to be
| admitted as members of the Twenty-Fifth Con-
' giv<s. Their credentials were referred to the
1 Cuinmiitee of Elections; a report was made, and
the matter was leinvestigatud; and the doctrine of
us adju.Ucul::, th.-.t the House of Representatives
i war concimli'd by the vote which had been given
i at the special session, was treated as absurd as
applied to a political body; and, on a resolution
uflereil, if 1 recollect aright, by a gentleman now
occupying a seat on this iloor from the State of
Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,] declaring that the reso-
i lution adopted at the prior session, which had
i declared thatMessrs. CtaiborneandGholson were
; duly elected members of Congress, should be re-
scinded, I find the vote of the Senator from Vir-
i £inia ill till- afiinuaUve. It was rescinded; and
I Uholfson and Claiborne were turned out of Con-
! gres-i by his vote, after he had voted at a previous
session to give them their seats.
' Now, sii\ is this to be treated as a settled adju-
, cheated question r and is that objection to be made
j to the proposition to extend this courtesy > Why,
! sir, I expect the gentlemen claiming seats from
1 Indiana not only to be admitted within the bar of
the Senate, bat to scats on this floor, which they
aie as clearly entitled to as you or I. I cxpect
I they will participate m our debates; but that is
I not asked'now. The memorial of the State of
i Indiana is pending in this body, and here is a mere
'' act of com te.sy to lie refused to these gentlemen.
; 1 thiiikitisaniostextraordinaryproceeding. This
II resolution is to he disposed of by laying it upon
j1 the t'.ble at once, as if it was a settled question;
: and the reason given by the Senator from Virginia
i! is, that it is an adjudicated question. Adjudi-
I! cated, sir! Betv.ee'n whom.' If the Senate is to
! be governed by the narrow rules of law, by tile
' technical proceedings in the courts of justice, even
1 '< thou it is not an estoppel. In order to plead one
; yadium'nt in 1 a-of another, it must be between
I the same parties, and the parties must have been
properly before the court. Has the State of In-
diana ever been before the Senate of the United
!; States r When ? It is true the right of the per-
' sons occupying sects was questioned at a former
I' session of Congress; but Questioned by whom'
|: Not by the State of Indiana, nor by any deport-
'1 incut of her governmcnt;_aiid I rememh. r that it
|, was made an argument in tavor of the sitting mein-
!! ters at the time, that the State of Indiana had
I made no objection through any pprt of her gov-
i eminent. Certain Senators oiid Representatives
of that Sjte did object; but the State of Indiana,
S3 a so\eicign State of tin; Union, through lier
litgislatun-jdid not then appear here. Have the
cases of Messrs. Lime m.d McCarty been passed
.upon by the Senate? Never. They were not
