600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
"here; they had no notice of this proceeding; they
were not then elected members of this body.
But, sir, I did not mean to be drawn into an
argument of the question at this stage of the pro-
ceeding. What 1 have said is only in reply to
the idea thrown out by the Senatorfrora Virginia,
that this is a settled matter and is not to he in-
quired into. Why, sir, how can you tell, until
you investigate it, what facts may be presented
by the State of Indiana? -How does the Senator
from Virginia know but that we may have been
imposed upon? That Senator voted with mc at
the last session of Congress, that persons occu-
pying seats were not entitled to thum. I have no
doubt he entertains the same opinion still;and the
respect I have for him for avowing and maintain-
ing his honest opinions, induces me to believe he
will vote so still. Sir, it is greatly to his crcdit
that in the Twenty-Fifth Congress, after having
cast a vote in favor of giving seats to certain gen-
tlemen from Mississippi, when he found that they
were not constitutionally entitled to seats, he re-
versed that decision. He will not have to reverse
any decision in this case, if he shall conic to the
conclusion to rescind u resolution of a former
session.
Having said this much, I trust thnt, without
opposition, without discussion, this more act of
courtesy will be extended to the State of Indiana.
I will say one other word. The Senate has not
only admitted persons claiming scats within its
bar at former sessions, but it has allowed them to
discuss the question of their right to seats. Why,
sir, I recollect that a few years ago one of the
present Senators from Florida contested the right
ofagentlenian then occupying a seat here as Sen-
ator from that State, ami the gentleman whoso
occupied the scat, Mr. Morion, according to my
recollection, offered a resolution that th" roofest-
ant be admitted, not only ui'lim the bar of the
Senate, but upon the iloor of the Senate, to advo-
cate his right. ICow different was the ma,una-
nimity displayed on that occasion by the ;anmg
member to what we see to-day? Then the fitting
Senator himself came forwaid wnh a resolution
asking that the gentleman who contested iii-wighi
to the seat should nolouiy In: admi'ted wuh>n the
bar of the Senate, but .should be p. renin d to ad-
vocate his claim, and (he S< natu voted to g i ve hi in
that right. I am informed by gentlemen around
me that I am mistaken as to the Florida ease; th.it
it was Mr. Mallory's, and not Mr. Morton'*,
seat that was contested. My recollection was that
it was Mr. Morton's seat. liowe\er, it is im-
material as to the individual; the case exists.
"With these precedents before us. it would seem
to mo to be so unusual, and so disrespectful to the
State of Indiana, and so discourteous, to lei'iue
this request, that 1 cannot hut think, on ieduc-
tion, that this resolution will be adopted.
Mr. MASON. Mr. I Ye -idem, the C. < i -ntntion
of the United States m ?ke,c: the Senate, a.-' ir. makes
the House of Rcpvesentutnes, the so!.' jod'o- of
the returns of the elu t*on, ami the qualifications
of its members; ami bom its dessu/u there is no
appeal. Now, the election of the Senators from
Indiana was contested at the late session; and
aaccording to my recollection, although I do not
deem it material, we had memorials hero fiom
those who claimed to be the majority m the two
Houses, or one House, of the L< gis.Lturf'. They
were represented in some form; and very certain
it is, the case was elaborately inqmied hno by
the Judiciary Committee, upon the order of the
Senate, and a report made upon it; aed after a
long and searching debate, by a vote of the Sen-
ate, (in which, by the w^y, 1 did not concur,) it
was decided that the sitting Senators were entitled
to their seats. The case is ended, m my judgment;
and I do not consider that tin-Senate of the United
States would be in the pioper discharge tf its con-
stitutional duty if it permitted a subsequent elec-
tion in the State of Ifkbana, or any otner State,
to be brought here to disturb that decision, it is
for that reason that 1 shall presently move to lay
this resolution on the table, that we may dispose
of it, $nd go on with the regular busim ss of the
Senate.
Now, sir, in reference to what has been said
by the honorable Senator from Illinois as to any
vote that I may have given m the f louse of Rep-
resentatives on an election in Mississippi, I will
only say this to him: I gave that vote,' whatever
it was, more than twenty years ago; I have never
vote of the Senate, bestowed upon foreign minis-
ters; and until this year I have seen the poor priv-
ilege of a place on the Senate floor awarded to
every person who had ever been a Governor of a
State or a member of Congress, or who was a
member of the Legislature of a State, or a min-
ister abroad, or who held a responsible' position
in the Army or Navy of the United States. What
will itcost the Senate of the United States to allow
two gentlemen, coming with this claim, to be upon
the floor and be silent? It will cost just the num-
ber of square feet that they will occupy. There
are, in the Senate Chamber, three thousand two
hundred square feet, that is, the contents of the
floor; and the occupants of it are sixty-four in
number. Itwill notcrowd the Senate very much
to allow two more persons, who cannot cover
more than eight square feet, to stand upon the
floor among us.
What else will itcost? Nothing. What harm
can it do? Suppose that the decision under which
the two occupants of those seats were admitted ia
res judicata: the appearance of these two gentle-
men in this place will not disturb that decision.
They can neither vote nor speak. They will be
as silent here as they are in the galleries.
The PRESIDENT pio tempore. Will the Sen-
ator pause for a moment?
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one having arrived, K becomes the duty of the
Chair to announce the special order.
Mr. SEWARD. Piobablythe Senate is de-
sirous to close this question. I shall occupy but
a very few minutes more, and then they may
make such disposition of it as they think proper.
Mr. MASON. Will you renew my motion?
Mr. SEWARD. I will settle that matter to
your satisfaction. I will not undertake to move
to lay it on the table myself. Shall I go on?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is it the pleas-
ure of the Senate that the Senator shall proceed?
Mr. GWIN. 1 do not want to interrupt the
Senator, but I should hate very much to have the
Pacific laihoad bill go over. 1 merely make that
statement.
Mr. SEWARD. No one wants the Pacific rail-
road to go on more than I do; but I shall conclude
what I have to say m a very few words, and then
Senators can dispose of this question, and we can
take up the Pacific railroad bill.
I have shown that this judgment of the Senate
will not be disturbed. Let me advert, for one mo-
ment, to the mere propriety of this motion. The
rules of the Senate, practically construed,and con-
strued as they usually are applied, would admit
these two gentlemen to a place on the floor with-
out this) resolution. The rules of the Senate are,
that " Senators"are entitled to seats on the floor.
It is made for Senators. The practical rule v/luch
has been adopted from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment to this time is, that upon all subordinate
questions those who are honajlde claimants to be
; Senator*, are regarded as Senators. And so m the
| other House; those who aie bonafich claimants
to seats m the House are treated and regarded, for
all purposes except deliberation, ;-p 'akiui>, and
voting, as members of the House of Ripresent-
, ativcs; and they are so treated throu^noiu the
whole period when their claim is rf ruling. They
may ruber be admitted in the first instance, and
the question ba .acted upon, and neither party be
allowed to speak or vote; or they may be ad-
mitted upon the floor, ami the parties may be
allowed both to so^ak and cither vote: or there
may be a prejudgment of the case, and one be
admitted to vote and to speak, and the other wait
for a reconsideration andliu.U determination on
that question. That is just what ia proposed
hero.
This case has yet to be argued. It has yet to
be reconsidered. The Senate has concluded itself
against denying a reconsideration of its foimer
judgment. It has received the memorial of the
"State of Indiana, presenting those Senators.^ it
has received it respectfully. It has respectfully
referred it to the Committee on the Judiciary; and
the Senate itself, in doing this, knows nothing of
the merits of the controversy. It dees not know
that to-morrow morning the Judiciary Committee
may not report that the incumbents are not enti-
tled to the seats, and that the applicants are. It
looked at the record since; 1 do not know whether
he has correctly apprehended the facts which he
says pertain to it, and which he has stated here;
I have never looked back to it; I am uninformed
about it; but if, at the special session in 1837, the
House, by its vote, declared the sitting members
entitled to their seats, and an election took place
subsequently to that in the district, and the mem-
bers thus subsequently elected claimed their seats;
and if I voted as the honorable Senator says I
did on that state of facts, I voted wrong m my
present judgment. But what the facts were, I am
uninformed, for I have never looked back at that
rccord. I move to lay the resolution on the table;
and on that question I ask for the yeasand nays.
Mr. SEVVAUD. I hope the honorable Senator
will withdraw the motion.
Mr. MASON. I cannot withdraw it.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal to the honorable Sen-
ator to be heard on my own motion.
Mr. MASON, i beg the Senator's pardon. Cer-
tainly, I withdraw it. I forgot that the Senator
offered the resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. I knew that the honorable
Senator misunderstood the posture of the ques-
tion.
Mr. President, let us proceed in this matter
carefully, n little slowly, and probably we shall
act quite as safely. In the first place, let me dis- (
embarrass the question of a dii&culty lying at the |
threshold. The honorable Senator from Georgia i
[Mr. Iwmsox] allows us to take up the question ;
lor consideration, for the purpose of more effect- j
ually sup pressing the consideration of it, by laying i
it upon the table, a courtcsy which is c;iven to us |
at the expense of all the interest we have in the I
question itself. The ground upon which that ex- :
traordinary position is assumed by the honorable j
Servitor fiom Georgia is, that the Senate may, j
every day in the s< s&ion, from this on until the 4th j
of March, be distuibed with a renewal of the j
question. 1 am sine the honorable Senator from j
Ueor';iu knows me well enough to know that I :
am the last member of the Senate who may be j
expoffeu to pursue a factious course in appealing i
flora the (khiviate, well-considered detcrmma- :
tiou of this bo.ly. j
1 desire to act out my entire responsibility in ;
re/aid to the qui ^tion of the Senators from Indi- i
ana. I desire to oblige, so far as a reasonable :
( u'o! t c in go, the honoiable Senator from Geor-
gia ami every other niemb-, r of the body to act ;
. out his responsibility. When our duties in this j
duecuon shall have been performed, and a de- j
ciMOn has once iimdly been made on the subject, j
, then 1 shall acquiesce, leaving the review of the !
j whole niatl'er lo the people to whom it belongs. I
' Therefore, u, is not necessary to resort to thio ex- |
traordinary nit asure to suppress debate. If it be !
, decuhd to-day, I shall not disturb the decision !
io-uion ow. . I
Now, h t nic siy, that questions ai e always the j
more wisely decided if we adopt the process of !
analysis, and lay entirely out of view all collateral
! f.mi subordinate or luture questions, and take up :
lire precise one wnh which we have to deal m the i
present case. That precise question to-day is !
not whether theb.; claimants are Senators for the j
State of Indiana; ll is not the collateral and fu- ■
tore question whether a decs-ion mode by the
Senate at the last session admitting two other ,
gentlemen is w and conclusive. But ■
tin1 question is mis small, simple, unimportant
one, namely: whether two gentlemen from Indi-
ana, sent here by th   Legislature of that State
with a claim of utic to represent her, instead of
two otner persons who are hcie now as Senators
, upon the floor, shall be allowed t^e privilege of '
■ standing behind the backs of the two occupants
of the s( ats which the v claim, and of hearing and
seeing on the iloor of the chamber itself how the .
: claim is disposed of. At tin** hour, these claim-
ants representing the State of Indiana are m the
galleries, looking down fiom among a great crowd 1
of spectators, and listening to this debate whether ■
they shall be allowed to appear here and move
litre and consult here m regard to the matter of '
establishing their claim. That is the whole of it. ;
Now, what is the nature of this extraordinary ,
privilege? I have seen it conferred, since I have !
been a member of the Senate, by a vote, upon a
, patriot from Hungary; I have seen it conferred, :
| by a vote of the Senate, upon the great apostle of jj is respectful to the State, and courteous to the ap-
i temperance from Ireland*, I have seen it,'by the i' plicants, and just and wise,if we would preserve
