1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6&1
the public confidence in our fairness and impar-
tiality, to admit these claimants to the privilege's
which I have respectfully asked in their behalf.
Mr. President, I have done; I stand only waiting
until some person opposed to me shall rise for the
purpose of renewing the motion which I am not
at liberty to do myself.
Mr. BAYARD. I have but a very few remarks
to make On this subject; but, after those of the
honorable Senator from New York, I deem it
proper to say a word or two. There is a broad
distinction applicable to all resolutions of this
kind, in my judgment; and that is, where the claim
is made to a scat in the Senate, founded upon a
matter which the Senate will not judicially notice,
we may admit the. party to the floor of the Senate
for the purpose of being present when his claim
is discussed. I think it will hardly be doubled
that the Senate of the United States will judi-
cially notice their own action. They know the
fact that, at the last session, on a contest, they
decided, under the authority confided tn them by
the Constitution, that the two honorable Senators
from Indiana, who are now sitting upon this
floor, were entitled to their seats for the respective
terms for which they professed to be elected. The
Senate know, judicially, that there is no vacancy
in the body from the State of Indiana; and know-
ing that, with all the respect that I am disposed, as
much as any membei of this body, to pay to the
request or memorial of a State, whether itcomcs
from the representation of her Executive or of her
Legislature, I think we owe some respect to the
^ decisions of the Senate, oven though they may
riot have accoided with our own individual judg-
ment.
Sir, in the better times of the Republic, as early
as the year 1799*, precisely, in principle, a parallel
case existed. A Senator from my own State was
appointed by the Executive, under the authority
of the Constitution, as he supposed, the Legisla-
ture having met and adjourned after the vacancy
occuned without making any appointment. When
his credentials were presented to this body, his
right to a s^at upon this floor was objected to, and
the Senate refused him permission to come upon
the floor until a committee had reported whether
he was or was not entitled to a seat. That was !
done because the basis of the claim was not any ;
question of disputed fact; because the Senate would !
judicially notice not their own proceedings mere- 1
ly, but the fact that the L°gislature of the State i
had been m session,and thai theie was nopower \
in the Governor, under the authority confided to \
him by the Feduial Constitution, to make the ap- !
pomtment after it had been in session and had ;
adjourned. Tn that case, though, as in this, they ;
inferred the claim to a committee for a report on !
the subject, and the committee did report; they i
primarily lefu^ed admission to the Senate until j
that report was made; and when it was made they I
decided ogoinst the right of the party to n seat, i
Now, Mr, let me suppose a case which would
make it stronger. The Governor of Delaware :
represents, within the extent of tin. authority con- j
nected with senatorial appointments, the ite of i
Delaware, just as much as the Legislature re pre- |
sents the State, or as either of those bodies u-pre- i
sents the State of Indiana; it is the action of the
State in either case, and entitled to the same re-
spect, and no more. Now, suppose that, after the
decision of the Senate of the United Suites, the
Governor of Delaware had chosen to make a sec- ■
ond appointment, and sent the same or another 1
person here to take a seat: would there be no dis- I
respect to the Senate of the United States in thus I
revising their decision, on the part of the Gov- I
ornc.r? If the rule Medics to a Governor, is there j
no disrespect to the Senate of the United States ;
when the Legislature of Indiana, in defiance of j
the decision of this body, which is, that there |
is no vacancy in the representation fiom Indiana, ;
chooses to make an election ? I hold we are bound j
so to tieat it. I hold, therefore, that until a com- !.
roiitee have reported, showing that this decision ;
is not final for the purposes of admission on this !
floor, we ought to adopt the rule that all the mat- j
tera on which these scats are claimed, are matters !
which the Semite will judicially noticc. The me- |
niorial has been read; we know the grounds of !
the claim, and we know the facts judicially—the
only facts that would interpose to the right of j
these claimants to take their seats. Under these j
circumstances, in my judgment, it would nut be i
becoming to pass the resolution which is now be-
fore the Senate until there lias been action of the
Senate reversing (if such a thing be possible) the
decision deliberately made, after a long contest,
at the last session. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. BELL. I hope the gentleman will allow
me to say one word. I wish to ask the Senator
from Virginia a question.
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senator will renew the
motion after he has made his remarks, I will with-
draw the motion.
Mr. SEWARD and others. I hope not.
Mr. BELL. I will give the floor to the Sena-
tor from Virginia, or the Senator from Delaware,
after I get through. I wish to ask whether the
Senator from Virginia thinks that t ought to re-
verse the judgment which 1 expressed in the pro-
ceeding, in which I took an active part, in 1837,
upon a case which virtually involves the precise
question here5 The question in 1837 was not
whether those gentlemen were entitled to their
seats temporarily, or upon an election for a special
session; but whether they were Representatives,
and to be recognized as Representatives, for the
Twenty-Fifth Congress. Tile irregularities were
all known. The question was referred to the com-
mittee, and they reported, after full consideration,
that they were en tilled to be members of the Twen-
ty-Fifth Congress; and a resolution that was re-
ported to that effect, was passed by a majority of
that body. When the question came up again at
the regular session of the same Congress, and
when two other parties came forward and claimed
to be the rightful Representatives of the State of
Mississippi, m the House of Re prescn ut ives, elect-
ed subsequently according to law, the members
holding seats under the dee,,'urn <.!■ hhurati ly pro-
nounced by the Uoum: of Reps e.-,eat;uiv< a at the
special cession, in it rposed the di cision of the body
under the Constitution, and claimed it to he
estoppel, as n constitutional decision of (he hotly
which wns irrevocable. They pleaded the former
decision; they pleaded that the circumstances of
the case were well-known, and that they had been
deliberately voted to be membeis of the Twenty-
Fifth Congress. The question was, whether that
decision must stand, i ;ght oi wrong. Upon a ques-
tion which 1 b< lieye was piopo.sed by myself, a
resolution whit h J olTeied, the vote was equal, and
the Speaker of the House decided it. The Speaker
of the House, who belonged to the party having
the majority, fleehled Vigamxt it m the firs! place.
Air. SEWARD. Who'toas the Speakei ?
Mr. BELL. Mr. Polk. That was reversed
afterw.'uds by a niajonty, not by giving the scats
to the parties who appeared and dunned to have
been elected at the regular election in Mississippi.
The House would not give them the seats, but
determined to rescind the resolution of the special
se.-sion. The House would not then give seats
to the members who wer6 legitimately entitled,
accoiding to the Jaws of the State of Mississippi,
made in conformity with the Constitution of the
UniLtd States, but reunited it back to the people
to decide.
My honorable friend fiom Virginia has now
declared that if he then voted a? he is said to have
voted on that occasion, he i~s clearly of opinion
that it was a wrong vote, as I undeistand Inm.
So far as the qia^nion is, whether the dee.."•ion of
the Senate la t'uor of tlie sitting Senators must
.stand upon the pioposi/ion that it is r"t ((''judi-
cata, the eases aie pr- wisely inmilar. That was
a decision under the Constitution, as deliberate
in nil its forms, and founded upon an examina-
tion as valid. There cannot be any distinction
drawn between that ce-e and tin* on that giound.
Now, I ask my u ;end from Vienna if 1 can turn,
aiouiid and say that! will not iucogni.se thought
of the State of Indiana to contest the dt cimou of
the Senate, eithei from leaped to the Senate, or
upon any other grounds. He savs now, if I un-
derstand him, that lie thinks lus vote in the House
of Uepreeematives was a wrong one.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator will allow
me to lruenupt him fora moment. The Senator,
as I understand, inquires of me how I would ad-
vise him to vote on the present question, having
reirai'U to a vote winch he alleges he gave on a
foimeroccasion. Now, I would bay to the Sen xtm-
in the first phi"'', tlmt i have such req.eci to* Ins
years and for ins expt nonce compare'! with mine,
that it would be more than presumption in me to
suggest any advice;but I shouldbe moregaarded
in doing it froiji the manifestations which the
honorable Senator hag given—I say it-with' all re-
spect'again—of a disposition now to vote %Tong,
I should be very guarded in any advice whatever.
What I said heretofore was this: I have never
looked back since that case occurred in the Holism
of Representatives, to anything that passed -1 do
not remember the facts connected with the case;
it occurred more than twenty years agq; but if
that case were exactly upon its facts as this is, and
I voted to rescind a judgment given by the House
upon an election properly and formally conducted
under the laws of the State, thereby allowing
the principle that the House could go back and
reinquire into what it had Once settled, I voted
wrong; and if the honorable Senator stands in that
position, and I could venture to give any advice,
I would say to-him I think it is better to retract
the error. But I utterly deny that that case was*
like this, because I have so much respect for that
Senator's judgment, and some little for my ofrn,
that I hardly think we should have erred "so far.
Mr. BELL. Well, Mr. President, I have a
very distinct recollection of the main features of
that case. I thought the first d<*cision was an
outrageous decision on the part of the House, in
granting seats to the members who first claimed
them. I thought it was doing violence, in fact,
to the Constitution of the United States, support-
ing a gross irregularity, and one which I could
conceive, would only be upheld and supported
upon the ground of party feeling, and the misdi-
rection of the judgment of the majority by which
they W'-'io deluded into'the support of a decision
so unjustifiable.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Tennessee^
will allow tnc to interpose,! will say that I think
he mistakes some facts in the history of the Mis-
sissippi rase which has been brought into this
discussion; and if he will permit me, I should
like to make one or two statements of fact merely.
Mr. HELL. Certainly.
Mr. DA VIS. That case arose from the call of
an extra stssion of Congress. The Constitution
and laws of the State piovided for an election in
the November succeeding the expiration of the
preceding Congress, so that between the 4th of
March and the November election, Mississippi
wa-  without representation. It is even so now
until October, it having been moved forward one
month. When tins called session occurred under
the administration of Mr. Van Huron, a procla-
mation was issued for an election of Represent-
atives to that called session. The people voted
very generally I think, though some of them per-
haps did not vote; but I think \ery generally the
people did vote, supposing they were electing
Representatives to the called session. When the
case wa-: presented before the House, it was de-
cided. Mr. Buchamm was not in the House,and
therefore did not make the report, as quoted by
the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I did not say that the
present President of the United Slates made the
ieport. A genth man by the name of Buchanan
appears as making the repoilon the Journal. I
do not lememher where he was from.
Mr. DAVIS. The question presented was,
whether these members had been elected to the
Congress. There being no contestants, there be-
ing no testimony save upon the one side, it was
decided by the Committee of Elections that they
were elected to the Congress; and they were ad-
mitted to their seats as members of the Congress.
In the succecdmg fall, at the regular time for the
election, two others were chosen as members to
the Congress instead of the two who had been
chosen lor the called or extraordinary election.
When the question then camo before the House,
it was hardly a question which had been adjudi-
cated, because before there had been no contest-
ants; there had been no case presented save and
except the certificate of the Secretary of State as
to the number of votes cast, and for whom, at the
called election. The House then decided that the
members elected for the extraordinary session,
though they had been decided at the previous ses-
sion to be members of the Congress, could not re-
tain their seats under the facts presented by the
contesting members, whilst it was argued that the
election in the fall had been nTected by the decis-
ion of the House, that the sitting members were
members forthe Congress, and, therefore) was not
