1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
em
Mr. SEWARD. I ask unanimous consent to
move to dispense with the order for an executive
session.
The PRESIDING'OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the motion cannot be made in open ses-
sion.
Mr. GWIN. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. SEWARD. It is the first thing lever saw
that unanimous consent could not do. I respect-
fully submit to tiie Chair to consider whether
unanimous conscnt in this body cannot dispense j
with any rule ?
Mr. HALE. I appeal from the decision of the
Chair. I think the Vice President made some
rulings the other day that, on a little reflection, he
would reverse; and, if he would not, I think the
Senate, on a little reflection, would overrule him.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I rise to a point i
of order. I say in open session that we cannot j
entertain the subject at all. It is only debatable i
in executive session. ;
Mr. POLK. I .should like to state to Senators ;
that the special order to which the Chair has I
called the attention of the Senate, was made on i
the motion of a gentleman who has paired off. j
He was in here a little while ago, and he informed 1
me that he had paired off; and he will not bo hero, \
probably. I mean he paired off on the Pacific 1
railroad bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to all this. I inter-
pose an objection to the unanimous consent asked
for by the Senator from New York; and that gets
rid of all these questions of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The galleries
will be cleared.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate proceeded to the consideration of
executive business; and after some time spent
therein, the doors were reopened.
PACIFIC RAILROAD. t
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 65) to authorize the President of the
United States to contract for the transportation of
the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of war,
Army and Navy supplies, and all other Govern-
ment service, by railroad, from some point on the
Mississippi river to San Francisco, in the State
of California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. When the
doors were closed the Senator from Missouri had
the floor, to offer an amendment.
Mr. POLK. I move to amend the first section,
by striking out the words " on the Missouri river,
between the mouths of the Big Sioux and the
Kansas rivers," and inserting:
From a point on the western boundary line of Iowa,
Missouri, or Arkansas, between tluHoriy-seeoud and tfnrty-
fourih paiallels of nouh latitude.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish Simply to say to the
friends of the bill that, if thatamendment be adopt-
ed, the bill will be defeated.
The yeas and nays having been taken, resulted—
yeas 18, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bates, Bell, Brown, Clingman, Davis,
Fitzpatrick, Groen, lJammond, Houston, lver?on. John>on
of Tennessee. M«Tson, Polk, lleid, ba&ti.ui, Tliomf-ou of
New Jersey, Toombs, and Ward—38.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Benjamin, Bt'sler, Bright, Brod-
erick, Cameron, Chandler, Chesnur. Colfamer, Crittenden,
Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas. Durkee, Fosscnden, Foot. Fos-
ter. Owin, Hale, Ildinlin, Harlan, Jones, Kennedv. lung,
Teaice. Pugh, Rice, Seward, Shields, Simmons," Stuart,
Trumbull, and Wade—03.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move to lay the bill and
the amendments on the table.
Mr. GWIN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. BELL. I hope the Senator from South
Carolina will not press that motion. I have an
amendment which I desire to offer and have a
vote upon. I have not occupied the attention of
the Senate but for a few minutes during this dis-
cussion. I will further remark to the honorable
Senator from South Carolina, that my measure has
been characterized in harsh terms, and the whole
subject has been treated m such a manner that I
think it becomes necessary for those who have
taken (he interest in it I have, to defend them-
selves.
'Mr. HAMMOND. I withdraw the motion for
the present.
; Mr. BELL. I am obliged to the honorable
i Senator from South Carolina. Mr. President, a
; week a^o, or more, I saw, or thought I saw, that
no Pacific railroad bill was to be passed at this
session; that, however honest and sincere many
, gentlemen who had advocated it were, I did not
; believe, nor am I under any persuasion now, that
j a majority will unite in favor of any proposition
i which can be thrown into shape, even for days to
|i come, so as to meet the approbation of a major-
• j ity of this body. I maybe mistaken in that; but
jj I w^s prevailed upon to withdraw a proposition
i which, at the time, if it had been allowed, would
ti have closed the discussion in an hour or two upon
, this whole subject, for the present session; that
,} is, if a majority of the body thought as I did—
I that we had spent time enough upon it, and that
! there was really no expectation that a railroad bill
j would assume a shape which would command the
jj support of a majority of this body.
! j If 1 were at liberty to take a coursc on tlussub-
i; ject which would meet the wishes of some of the
;j friends of this bill, the honorable Senator from
, California among them, I would do so; but sup-
j pose the motion of the Senator from South Caro-
i Imashould succeed: whatopportunity would there
j be for me to explain my course on this subject as
the author of the propositions I have presented?
Or suppose the question should be taken directly
on the passage of the bill: I should be equally cut
off; and therefore I beg that I may be permitted
to go on and explain my proposition. If k shall
appear by the sentiment of the Senate that they
prefer taking a direct vote on the bill afterwards,
1 will certainly be disposed to submit to the wishes
of a majority of the body; but I am still of opin-
ion that we shall agree upon no measure—the
same opinion that I entertained when I originally
offered my proposition, more than a week ago.
I was prevailed upon then to withdraw it, prin-
cipally in consequence of the position of the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,]
who had an amendment which conformed to his
own views on this subject, which lie had taken
great pains to put in a shape that would accord
with Ins piinciples; and, in his opinion, would,
if adopted by the Senate, be a measure which
could be carried out practically. When he ap-
pealed to me and to the Senate to be heard and
nave a vote on his proposition, I felt myself under
a double obligation to do so, not only in reference
to what might be expedient in the discussion of
this bill, but. m order to enable that honorable
Senator to place himself before the country m the
position which I knew he occupied. I withdrew
it on that ground principally. I withdrew it to
enable him to show that he stood upon a practical
doctrine of the State-rights school; that he discrim-
inated himself from the impracticable course of a
portion of his party, who denounced him as having
departed from the true doctrines of the general
church in politics to which he belonged; and nobly,
sir, has he vindicated himself. He has discrim-
inated himself from the principal avowed by the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] and by
his own colleague, [Mr. Brown.] I had known,
without the body of the Senate, that chaiges were
urged against him in various quarters that he had
departed from some of the cardinal outlines of
the doctrincs of State-rights generally held in the
South; and I say he has nobly vindicated his own
course, and placed himself on a ground of rational
State-rights policy, as contradistinguished from
the impracticable course of other members of his
own party. He has done more: he has vindi-
cated the vitality of the Constitution, and vindi-
cated the wisdom of the framurs of that instrument
against a course of doUrine and of argument, and
of practice to some extent, which would bring
upon their memory the imputation of narrow pol- j
icy. He has shown that they framed an iiistru- '
rncnt conferring the great powers of self-defense,
the great powers of peace and war, and all the
powers which are necessary to every efficient
national Government. lie has shown that there
is vitality m the powers given by the Constitu-
tion, construed even by a portion of the State-
lights party, but which is denied by the majority
of them, perhaps, in this body.
In order to enable him to do that, I was in-
duced to withdraw my proposition before; I de-
sign now to renew it. I do not propose to outer
at large into the discussion of this question at the
present time; but there are some points that 1
feel myself called upon to mention. This meas-
ure has been denounced as a gigantic dekysion,
as a visionary,'chimerical, impracticable scheme.
It has been said that it would exhaust the Treas-
ury; that the resources of the Government would
not be adequate to administer this road if it should
be built. Those gentlemen who have regarded
a project of this kind as practicable and useful to
the public interests have been assailed as extrav-
agant in their views, and chimerical in their
statesmanship; and it has been asserted that there
was no just argument that could be presented to
the mind of any sensible man to induce him to
suppose that such a project could ever be carried
out.
Another point, and this was urged by the hon-
orable Senator from Louisiana,was, that although
its friends proposed to support the measure as
one which Congress has the authority to enact un-
der the war power, that is a mere pretense; that
it is really urged as ft measure for the promotion
of commerce, and that alone; and I think the hon-
orable Senator assumed in the debate that it could
not in any point of view be urged as a measure
necessary for the national defense under the war-
making power. Sir, I had supposed that in ad-
vocating such a measure as this, principally un-
der the war power, it was not inconsistent with
the exercise of that power, so far as it was pro-
posed to be exercised by Congress, that we should
ally it to commercial interests, and that we should
have in view the commercial advantages which
would arise from such a communication between
the Atlantic, and Pacific. Surely, if it be neces-
sary as an incident to the war power, those who
tlnnk it will bo useful to the country, and a benef-
icent woik on the score of the convenience and
advantage which it would bring to the social and
commercial intercourse between the Pacific and
Atlantic slopes, may consider all these advant-
ages. Another objection taken to this bill, prin-
cipally by the honorable Senator from Louisiana,
was, that although in terms the bill did not pro-
pose that the Government should directly con-
struct the road, it was impossible that anything
else could be contemplated than the construction
of this great work by the Government itself,with-
out the intervention of other agents, and thatit
would come to that.
Mr. I)ENJA]\nX. Not the construction of
the road by the Government itself, without the
intervention of other agents, but without the as-
sistance of other resources; that the whole of the
money would come from the Government.
Mr. BELL. Then that part of the Senator's
argument has not the force in it that I supposed
! it had; for, in tho view that the honorable Sen-
] at or urged, as I understood lam, I would consider
'j it rather objectionable myself. I agree with him
i that it would be improper for this Government,
j unless it was absolutely necessary, to undertake
j the construction of this road by its own officers
, and agents, without the intervention of the capi-
| tal of poisons or companies not connected with
! the Government; and on that point 1 desire to
| say a word, in reference to the argument of the
I honorable Senator from Rhode Island, [Mr. Sim-
j mojjs ] He seemed to think the road could only
! be constructed by this Government; that it would
I be futile to urge any measure which looked to its
; construction by private capital; that the only way
it could be made available for the purposes he
contemplated, would be for the Government itself
to take hold of it; and that we should never have
the road unless Congress constructed it. I un-
deistood the honorable Senator from Louisiana
to take partly tho same view of the intention of
the promoters of this scheme.
Now, sir, in reply to those remarks of these
gentlemen, I do not intend to preclude myself from
taking the position that this Government has the
power to construct this road as a means of mili-
tary defense, without the intervention of private
capital, or persons, or associations; but I should
consider it a great and decided objection to such
a project, that a work so gigantic as this would
swell the patronage of this Government to a most
alarming extent, and it would necessarily continue
during a long period of time. While Iconsiderita
necessary and essential preparation for the secu-
rity of this country in the contingencies of wars,
which are sure to arise unless there is some means
of procuring an exemption from all foreign wars, I
still hold that it is the duty of this Government to
