604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
exercise al! its powers for the construction of the
road, so as to guard against the effects of the cor-
ruptions that might arise from the overwhelming
patronage which would be dt the disposal of the
Govcrnmentin the section in which the road might
run; guard against it by appealing to the virtue
and intelligence of the people. But, sir, I disavow
any intension of urging the execution of such a
work by the Government directly; mainly upon
the ground of the enormous patronage it would
create; not alone the costs and charges it would
bring: upon the Treasury, but the addition of an
amount of patronage which might well be feared
in the future operations of this Government, par-
ticularly as the work would employ necessarily
ten or fifteen years. I should fear it. I would
never agree to such a proposition until all the
means m our power had been adopted to ascertain
whether it could not be constructed without the
direct action of the Government.
But, s:r, I do not think the provisions of the
bill authoiize the inference which ha*? been drawn
that it proposes to construct this load wholly out
of the means of the national Treasury. We pro-
pose such terms to companies, corporations, or
individuals, who may choose to engage in this en-
terprise, as we think are adequate and sufHcient
on the part of this Government. Wo propose to
confer upon the company great privileges and ad-
vantages; to make certain donations of portions
of the public lands lying upon the route, and to
make contributions in money. The bill contem-
plates that, if capitalists think proper to embark
their own puvate capital, they may undertake
to construct tho road with these aids. 1 have
never heard an individual seriously advocate this
bill who dit] not contemplate that capitalists
would think proper, in consideration of the ad-
vantages conceded to them, the ends proposed to
be given in lands ami m money, to 1i> k n poi t ion
of their own private capital. Tin; object of these
provisions, to induce private capitalists toembark
in the enterpn.se, is mainly to secure a more eco-
nomical construction of the road; for self-interest
would undoubtedly dictate to those who had the
immediate execution of the work the greatest
economy in its construction. That is the mam
principle on which I consider that the bill way
originally frnmed.
IVJy amendment was predicated upon those ob-
jections. I wish"d to avoid the objection which
might be made, if we proposed to construct the
road directly by the Government. 1 wished to
adopt some measure by which we could appeal
to the cupidity, if you please, of capitalists, to
make such a proposition as would h\ue them to
say how much they would requite from the Gov-
ernment before they would undertake such an en-
terprise as this.
The S- nafor fiom Rhode Island, while he was
of opinion that the Go\einment alone em?M un-
dertake and execute such a work as tins, wis
ready to t-uggest. though he did not make the
proposition foimaliy to the Sen tte, that the Gov-
ernment should authorize its olnceis to «e!e<n the
vaiioub routes, and present them to the next Con-
gress, so that we might then consider and decide
whether we would undeiinke to construct the
road ourselves. iJe proposed thai they should
m ike notonly areconnoisxanee m the usual form,
but a careful surv« y of the dilleient toutes, whu h
would necessarily postpon" the commencement
of this work (or two y< ars longer, e.t all e\ents. I
wHi to see the donate adopt a proposition which
will shorten the period within winch it will be
wi'hiii the power of Congress to decide whether
they Will un.de: take the conftUKtioi) of this road,
eithe^by ti-e Go\ernmeot directlyor bv employ-
ing or associating with them private capital.
Another o'je< t-im ruggested by the Senator
from 111iode Island — and i thought there was some-
thing in it—was, that we propose by tins bill to
grant a cjrtem amount, in hinds a.id ni mom y, to
any company that may b. disposed to bid lb: this
work, without knowing that v;e ere not acnrPiy
proposing to oiler a ^ieal deal mere then will (k-
necessary. The bill proposes to expend yj.V/j;}
a mile for the space winch intervenes between the
boundary ol the fertile country west of the Rocky
Mouiu.nns and the fertile regions on this side of
the R'.eky .Mountains; and" he inquired, very
propei'y, why not ask bids from tlmse who may
be disposed to cooperate with the Government in
the prosecution of this woik, and see how much
S| less they may propose to construct it for than we
j' are voluntarily offering. As a measure of sound
I' policy, as a measure of economy on the part of
ji the Government, we ought to see whether we
;j cannot make a better contract. We are acting a
•'> great deal in the dark, as to the feelings, the dis-
!■ positions, and the interests of capitalists who may
11 be tempted to embark in the enterprise, and who
j! might make us a much more favorable proposi-
tion than we are now offering to them. Although,
{ in my opinion, we are not offering a dollar too
; mueh, or an acre of land too much, yet there is
! certainly something in the suggestion; and as,
' under the bill in its present shape, a final decision
| is postponed until the next Congress, why not
, invite capitalists to make voluntary bids on their
, own terms, and then let us judge whether we shall
| accept them or not?
j These were the general objects I had in view
: in piescntmg; my amendment. 1 do not propose
' now to enter into the question of constitutional
' power. It has been over thirty years since I
, heard the first argument on that subject—and an
i able discussion it was—m the House of Ilepre-
1 sentatives, and I tlnnk I have heard it repeated
as many as a score of times since. I do not re-
; member that I have ever heard any sentiment on
the cmjrritutional question evolved m this debate,
u. hich Will not be found in the discussions on this
subject from the year 1S24, repeated very often,
' almost m the same terms, again and again, by
the ablest men who Inue ever adorned the annals
| of our congressional legislat ion, and whose views
| arc now to be found m the congressional reports.
' Some gentlemen have told us that they look upon
■ the measure as a clear violation of the Constitu-
tion as u has been long settled.
Why, sir, every gentleman who is well read in
the parliamentary history of the country for the
last thniy or thirty-five years, mn^t know that
some of the ablest men from the South Insve always
unheal the appropriation of public money for ob-
]• cfs ol this desciiption, national in their charac-
1 tes, not only under the war-making power, but
under the postal power and the commercial pow-
ei, and that, too, within the States. Who does
, not know that when a proposition was made, in
' to distribute the bonus of the United States
IVoik, the gieat leader of what is called the State-
iT;his party of the South proposed to distribute
it to aid in the construction of roads and canals,
national works of internal improvement, and that
he absolutely m.\de a motion himself to strike out
the words,'' with the assent of the States," which
. Were contained m the ongina! proposition. That
was Mr. Calhoun's doctrine as early as 38IG. U
is not, necessary to to into the changes which took
phe-* in his opinions subsequent to that period.
Whether any change evet did take place in his
' Vi" w of I he < on?'! it at lonal power of CongiesS to
■ make ti<es.. ;i pptopi mt tons, 1 do not know; but
as to th 1 question of the«r expediency, I may
alarm that i do keow,aud that, except m regard
to the immnvemmit of the great rivers of the
West— 'he inland s,v,«, as lie designated them—he
opposed the e:ceu:ise oft he power on gi omuls of
e>,pediene\\ lie may have maintained Ins ori-
ginal onnuon as to the power, and may have
: changed only upon the ground ot expediency.
; The late Mi. M"Dafde,of SoirJi Carolina, nurn-
tamed, with g-eat foue of ai^umenf, that Con-
gx > had the power to m.ike the.>e app: opt ijtions;
and, for a tone, he sustained the expediency of
, making tlmm.
! flow c<)ni°s it tint it is no\>- r< garded as so
1 monstrous tint Confess should be <\d!< d upon
to rielce tippropii.itmns wirlun the limits of the
Sta'es? Yve know that Air. AK'>o-p< ,and, 1 p>< -
s mm, eveiv number of li:s Cabinet, m lb'17,
sanctioned t he doctrine of the pov/iv of Congi ess,
not only to appropriate money An the nrpuovc-
ment of nveis, hut to aid in the eousirncaoii of
ii't. rn.il improw m^nts within the hunts of the
Swtes. I net d not advert to the subscriptions
te.'t were made by the Federal Government, from
!iv24 fo 1S:1 b for canals—for the Louisville and
Tor?! md canal, for the canal cormectingthe Chesa-
peake and Ue]«a\vare bays, and for the Dismal
1 Swamp canal. Fven when 3-011 come to that
period winch the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana had 111 his mind when he attributed to the
Democratic party the credit, as he conceived it to
be, of having put an end to these corrupting ap-
propriations—the veto of the iMaysviile road by
General Jackson—General Jackson did not re-
pudiate the power to appropriate money for the
improvement of rivers, or for national works
within the States. He vetoed that road upon the
ground that it was a local road, not a national
one. I believe that no farther appropriations
have been made for the construction of roads
within the States since that time; but the power
was not then considered as denied by the Consti-
tution. From 1830, however, the time of that
veto, up to this day, except within a few years
past, liberal appropriations have frequently been
made for the improvement of the rivers of the
interior, and the harbors of the great lakes; and
at no period has there been what may be regarded
as a permanent, binding decision of Congress,
which may be considered as settling the question
against the power, although it is true that occa-
sionally there has happened to be a majority in
one House or the other that repudiated the power,
under the Constitution, to make appropriations
for rivers and harbors.
I am astonished that of late such extreme, and,
as I think, impracticable doctrines—I mean im-
practicable in view of maintaining the efficiency
and vitality of this Government—should be urged.
I do not charge the honorable Senator from Lou-
isiana with having assumed that ground ; I exon-
erate him from it; but I observe that the honora-
ble Senator from Mississippi, [Air. Browx,] and
other Senators in this House, hove denounced, as
a violation of the Constitution, the appropriation
of moneys from the Treasury for a road of this
character, within the limits of the Territories of
the United States, beyond the jurisdiction of any
State. They have denounced it as a monstrous
proposition, that must ingulf the Treasury and
the lesources of this country, if it is adopted and
becomes admitted that Congress may appiopnate
money for the construction of this road through
the Territories, where it does not touch the juris-
diction of the States. Not only do they contest
it and oppose it upon the ground of inexpediency,
as leading to extravagant expenditure, and, if you
please, to the corruption winch generally attends
extravagant expenditure, but denounce it as a vi-
olation of the Constitution itself.
Sir, I will not go into ail the authorities or evi-
dence I might cite, to show that that power has
b"-en exer< it,< d by Congress again and again, m
the construction of military roads, and in making
donations to aid in constructing roads within the
States. While T have said that I will not re
nounce the power of the Congiess of the United
States to construct a military road within the ju-
risdiction of the States under the war power, I
would be the last to maintain or to suppoitthe
excrcis" of any such power, except in the last re-
sort, when no other means wore presented. I
would avoid all conflicts of jurisdiction between
the United Slates and the States through which
this road, or any other road that might be pro-
posed to be constructed for military purposes,
would pass; and 1 am of opinion that the true
rtolicy 111 till such cases is not to bring on a con-
test between the State pirjfdiction and t!mt of the
United States where it can be avoided, and where
the same great end that the Government would
have 111 view in the construction of the work
could be attained. I said to my friend from Khode
Island, in piivate conversation, that 1 saw no ne-
cessity foi pfcsMng the question of ihe power of
this Government to coiimruot this road through
the State.-., for there could never be ai y impedi-
ment pmctically presented, and when, if we are
disposed to vote the necess.irv m^uns for the con-
traction of tli is road, we can do it without coming
in conduct a t all with the jurisdiction ami author-
ity of the St ne of C.uiiorma. My fnend fiom
ilnode Is'and said they would be able to tax it to
deatn, and ne would not vote a dollar for such a
woik if it was to be liable to be taxed by the States
through which it might pass. 1 suggested to him,
and I would suggest to those who entertain his
opinions, that if this bill shall pass inviting pro-
posals for the construction of a road to San Fran-
cisco, and any company erf copimbsts m Califor-
nia or New York, or any other section of the
Union should make proposals which the Govern-
ment would accept, can any one doubt that the
Legislature of California would p^onnotiv and
cheerfully grant a charter to any nm.vuitrUs who
shoold undertake the work lor that portion of
the road lying within their jurisdictional limits,
