1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1689
of Sharpc's rifle carbine in arming the mounted
troops of the Army; also, in respect to any re-
quisitions on file, in the War Department, for
Sharpe's arms, which have not been filled; which
was ordered to he on the table; and a motion of
Mr. Mallory to print the report was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
DEAD LETTERS.
Mr, COLLAMER submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster General is hereby re-
quested to state, as near as posM.l>le,in the next annual re-
port of the service of the Post Office Department, the num-
ber of letttiis consigned to the dead letter office during the
fiscal year, and what fuither legislation is necessary to di-
mmish the'number of such letteis, or to piovide for their
retuin to the wuteis tlieieot.
REPORT OF A COMMITTEE.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the repoit
of the Secretary of the Navy, communicating cor- :
respondence between Commander Poote, of the j
Navy, and E. A. Blundell, relative to the ship j
Henrietta Maria, reported in favor of printing it; ;
and the report was agreed to.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I yester-
day was about to call the attention of the Sen-
ate 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask if there
is anything before the Senate ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will state something 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to call for petitions and reports: but the
Senator from Illinois addressed the Chair.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to make an ex-
planation of a personal character in regard to the
article to which I called attention yesterday, and
it was suggested to me that the Senator from
Noi th Carolina was not then in his seat, and that,
as I designed making some remarks in regard to
a statement of his, in reference to the proceedings
of this body, it would be prpper that he should
be present, and I abstained at that time in conse-
quence of his absence. I desire, now, as he is
present, to submit the remarks which I intended
to have submitted yesterday, and I trust there
will be 110 objection from any source.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Imakeapoint
of order on this matter, for reasons which I will
state, and the propnety of which, I think, the
Senate will ceitamlv see.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Arkansas state his point of order?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. It is, that a per-
sona! explanation unaccompanied with any reso-
lution,and thcic not being any legitimate business
before us to occupy our time, is not in order. As
it is not a matter relating to the Senator himself,
or his conduct, or aieflection on his honor or
rectitude in any respect, I feel bound to object to
bringing in, undei the plea of a personal explana-
tion, that which must lead to an almost endless
debate at a period of our session like this; and I
cannot but object. This is not a personal expla-
nation, I think. Will the Senator say that there
is anything wnich reflects on his honor here as a
gentleman, or that is personal directly to him
more than it is to everybody else in the Senate?
1 think not. Then it is not a personal explana-
tion in that sense m which we always concede to
gentlemen the light on this floor, to be lieaid in
explanation and defense of themselves. The truth
is, that the Senator proposes to explain what I
should have objected to yesterday morning at
once, if I had been at all aware of what it was he
proposed to do; and 1 think many others would
have objected if they had been aware of it 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of or-
der. Can the Senator make a speech on calling
me to order'
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. On the ques-
tion of older. 1 am explaining the point.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If insisted on, the
Senator must state his point of Older, and the
Chair will decide it without debate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I will state
it. The point of order is, that there is nothing
before the Senate on which this address can be
delivered to us; and that the proposition for a per-
sonal explanation is not in ordei, and I must ob-
ject to it. I wanted to apologize to the Senatoi,
if he had let me go on, for interrupting him. That
was all my reason for saying a word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois rose, as lie said, to a personal explana-
tion. The Senator from Illinois had not proceeded
far enough for the Chair to judge whether it was
strictly a personal explanation. The Senator from
Arkansas rises to a point of order. At this time
the Chair cannot undertake to decide it; and prob-
ably, when the point is distinctly presented, the
Chair, instead of deciding it himself, will submit
it to the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I make another
point. That no personal explanation at all is in
order without unanimous corisent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit that question to the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has never been refused
to a Senator, I believe, since I have been here.
My object is not to delay unnecessarily the pro-
ceedings of the Senate. Nobody, I think, who
has been here with me, will accuse me of that.
It seems to me we are wasting more time in this
controversy than would have allowed me 
[" Order!"]
Air. HUNTER. It is not my purpose to enter
into this controversy, but I would suggest to the
Senator that we are all anxious to get tlnough,
and get off to-day; and if we commence with this
political dispute, there will be no end to it. If the
Senator begins, others will answer him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I regard itas very import-
ant that our proceedings 
Mr. IVERSON, I rise to a point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
suggest to Senators that the Senator from Arkan-
sas has made a point of order that a personal ex-
planation is not in order, except by unanimous
consent. •
Mr. HUNTER. That is true.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit that question to the Senate. The question
is an entirely new one to the Chair in his service
in this position.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that question is to be
submitted to the Senate, I suppose I have a right
to make a statement.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
it has been usual, when a question is submitted
to the Senate, to allow a Senator to make a state-
ment.
Mi. TRUMBULL. There appears, Mr. Pres-
ident, in the official paper published here, a state-
ment, editorially, and also n letter, published over
the signature of one of the Senators 
Mr. IVERSON. 1 rise to a point of older.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Illinois
has a right to debate whether he can make a per-
sonal explanation; no more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate has not heard
me yet.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia will state his point of order.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator from Illinois,
when he was up before, stated the object of his
personal explanation to be to reply to a letter
of the Senator fiom North Carolina in relation to
the proceedings of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives. He stated that he intended to ad-
dress the Senate on that subject. The Chair tvas
mistaken, I think, in supposing that the Senator
had not gone far enough to indicate what his pui-
pose was, because he distinctly stated that that
was his object. Now, I deny that any Senator
has any right to address the Senate, or take up
tiie time of the eountrv, and get his speeches into
the Concessional Globe, at the expense of the
Government, upon a political subject of this sort,
in reply to a communication m a public paper. 1
deny that the Senator has any such right, and I
rise to a point of* order that he is not entitled to
go Oil.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
et-t the question distinctly before the Senate.
The Senator fiom Arkansas objected to the per-
sonal explanation of the Senator from Illinois,
upon the ground that a personal explanation was
not in order except by the unanimous consent of
the Senate, The Chair stated that he would sub-
nut that question of order to the Senate. That
is the question of order now to be decided by the
Senate. The Chan' does no/. think that the Sen-
ator from Illinois, in making any suggestion
upon that question of order, can go on and make
the personal explanation and speech he would do
if he were allowed to proceed by the action of the
Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I had no such intention
I had proceeded this far: I had stated that cer-
tain things were in the paper; I am not going to
combat these matters now; I merely wanted to
state what they are, that there appears in the
printed paper a letter. Now, I am not going into
that letter. I merely wish to say 
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to a question of order.
ITas the Senator a right to debate anything but
whether 
Mr. TRUMBULL. My object 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will pause until the Senator from Virginia
states his question of order.
Mr. HUNTER. My point of order is, that
the question before the Senate is, whether the
Senator has a right to make a personal explana-
tion without the consent of the Senate? That is
the question; and anything thatis relevant to that
he has the right to say, but nothing more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is all I desire to
say 
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois yield to the Senator from Ohio?
Mr. TRUMBULL. For a moment.
Mr. WADE. I understood yesterday, that the
Senator frenn Illinois had the assent of the Senate
to proceed with what he wanted to state in regard
to these matters. I do not know what they are.
Fie appealed to the Senate for leave to proceed,
and leave was granted, as I understood; but, on
the suggestion of some one that the Senator from
North Carolina was not present, and that he had
better defer his ternaries until that Senator came
in, he did so, at the request of Senators on the
other side; and I supposed, of course, they would
permit him to do now what they had agreed he
might do then.
Mr. HUNTER. If it were any other time I
should have no objection to the Senator speaking
as long as he pleased; but we all want to getaway
and finish to-day the executive business for which
we were called together. Would it be in order
for me to move that we proceed to the considera-
tion of executive business? [" Certainly!"]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not when I have the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois is on the floor, and this question of order
is pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If Senators would allow
me to make a short explanation, they would see
what I desire. 1 do not mean now to go into the
merits of this matter. They do not let me go far
enough to state what I desire. I am not going
into what this paper says, or into the statements
contained in this letter of the Senator from North
Carolina. I have merely stated that there were
such things, in order that I might explain what I
designed to do. These papers, the letterand the
official journal here, containing statements which
in my judgment are erroneous, I merely desire
to make an explanation, to put the record right.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a point of order.
The Senatoris evidently exceedingly pertinacious
in this matter. He is out of order all the time—
directly against the rule.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Florida will state his point of order.
Mr. MALLORY. It is, that the Senator has
no right to discuss any question, but whether or
not he can proceed without unanimous consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the ques-
tion before the Senate; and the Chair will be very
happy to enforce the rules, but every Senator
knows that at last it depends on the sense of the
Senate.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. ThenI ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate that the Senator from Illi-
nois may be permitted to proceed.
Mr. GREEN. I object.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 think he will not occupy
ten minutes.
Mr. GREEN. 1 object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the question of order, which the Chair will
submit to the Senate is, can the Senator from Il-
linois proceed in a personal explanation without
unanimous consent of the Senate?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Now, upon that point 1
