1859,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
607
result and it brings us to it, it seems to me, in the
shortest time. The next Congress may have it
in their power to decide this question, and order
the woik to be commenced, if bids are made; if no
bids are made, they can determine whether the
Government itself shall undertake it or abandon
it in despair of ever getting a majority of Con-
gress to unite either upon the construction of one,
two, or as many more roads as may be proper.
"VVe shall approximate the conclusion of this ques-
tion. It seems to me that after we have acquired
so much information in regard to the practicabil-
ity of these routes, and when every gentleman
not prejudiced or not restrained by his doctrines
in regard to the powers of this Government over
the Treasury within the jurisdiction of the States,
acknowledges our power and our duty to provide
for this communication, it will be a strange ano-
maly in the history of a country with the means
and resources of this, and with its aspirations to
universal empire, if the project shall be totally
abandoned.
I do not enter into the views of those who think
it is the duty of this Government to extend its
empire beyond its present limits, though I shall
have no objection to Cuba being acquired honor-
ably and peacefully, and in time of lawful war, if
necessary to our defense, forcibly. I would give
the value of a vast extent of our western empire
in territory for the acquisition of Cuba. That
lias always been my sentiment. .Never would I
seek to wrest it from Spain by any means not
sanctioned by the laws of international comity
and honor. While Cuba continues in the posses-
sion of Spain, I do not fear any consequences or
any deficiency of military defense. In a war
with England or France, it might be necessary
for this Government, in self-defense, to seize on
that island temporarily, during the war at all
events, to make adequate defense, to be restored
to Spain on the conclusion of the war or not, as
Spain might act. 1 feel no fears, I entertain no
sense of the political necessity, nor of the mili-
tary necessity, of seizing Cuba, as long as Spain
is the Government holding dominion over that
island.
I shall presently move to recommit this bill with
instructions to report my amendment as a substi-
tute. If, however, the more particular friends of
this measure think they can pass tho bill, I shall
have no objection to theiV taking a vote on it.
Mr. GW1N. 1 hope the Senator will not make
his motion, but will let us have a direct vote on
tl e bill. We have got through with all the amend-
ments and substitutes I believe, except one which
the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle]
wishes to offer, which we can dispose of in a few
moments, and one of the Senator fiom Minnesota,
[Mr. Rici:.] I hope we shall take a vote on those
substitutes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to present an
amendment, of which T gave notice. 1 sIumI not
take up the time of the Senate by making any re-
marks upon it whatever. It is the same bill which
has been printed and laid upon the tables of Sen-
ators. The blank in the first section has been
filled with the sum of $3,500; and, m order to give
the bill effe&t, a section has been added authoriz-
ing, for the purpose of making the surveys neces-
sary, the expenditure of the sum of ^25,000 for
cach of the three roads. That is all the alteration,
with one exception, in relation to the homestead
provision. As originally presented, my amend-
ment authorized it to be extended to the alternate
sections for forty miles on each side of the road.
On consultation with friends around me, I have
altered that to twenty miles, so as to make it more
acceptable to the Senate. I shall make no remarks.
1 hope the substitute I have ollered will be
adopted.
Mr. HAMMOND. I yielded the floor to the
gentleman from Tennessee, to get m his amend-
ment, and I suppose, by courtesy, 1 am now en-
titled to it. I therefore rise again, to move to lay
this bill on the table. As, however, the Senate
is thin, and the hour is late, I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. GrWlN. 1 hope not.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 20, noes 23.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from South Caio-
hiin, to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. KENNEDY. I will state that I have
paired off with the Senator from Arkansas, Mr.
Johnson.
Mr. PITSPATRICK. My colleague, Mr.
Clay, has paired off with the Senator from Rhode
Island, Mr. Allen.  
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I rise to state that my col-
league has paired off with the honorable Senator
from Georgia, Mr. Toombs.
Mr. WILSON. I have paired off with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, Mr. Pugh.
The result was announced—yeas 21, nays 26;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brown, Chesnut,
Clmgman, Crittenden', Fitzpatriek, Green, Hammond,
Houston, Humor, Iver-on, Johnson of ,)Vn]i('! -''C, Mason,
Pearce, Keid. Sebastian, SiidelJ, Thompson of New Jersey,
Ward, and Vulce—21.
NAYti— Mcs-is. Bell, Bigler, Bright, Biodeiick, Camer-
on, Chandlei, Clark, Collamer, Dixon?Doohnle,Fesse*iden,
Fitch, Poster, Gu m, Hale, Harlan, Jones, King, Polk, Rice,
Sewaid, Shields, Simmons, Stuart, Tiumbull, and Wade
—26.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on th  ta-
ble; and the question recurred on the amendment
of Mr. Doolittle; which is to strike out all after
the enacting clause of the bill, and insert:
That tho Piesident of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized and diieeted to nominate, and, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint, three
separate and distinct boards of engmeeis, each to consist
of three disinterested and competent civil engineers, cach
of whom shall have been engaged in the active and practi-
cal business of engineering and superintending theeon-
snuction and opeiation of railroads in the Umted'Srates for
a period not le-s than five yeai«; the fust to be denomi-
nated as the board of enginceis for the no>thorn Pacific
laihoad route; the second to he denominated the board
of engineers foi tho ceim.il Pacific mihoad ionic; and
the third, the boaid of cjiffmeeis tor the southern Pacific
jailroail loute ; and that each member of said hu.uds shrill
receive an annual salaiy ol $;5,r>ou per annum, and shall
bold then office foi a teim of lour ye.it--, unle&.' soonet ie-
moved l v the President; and that, when organized, it shall
be the duty of said seveial boards of engineers to survey
ntid locate the gendial route of tince line-- of inihoad upon
thiee seveial routes following, viz.: The fir-t of said boards
of engineers, above mentioned, shall survey and locate a
route beginning; at a point on the west tine of the State ot
Minnesota; thence by tiie most eligible route north of tho
jotrv thud p'uallel of latitude, and within tiie tenitories of
the United States, to Puget Sound, with a branch to Van
couvcr, on the Columbia nvei. and a blanch to Lake Hu-
penor, m tiie Stale o( Wisconsin, to be denominated tne
nouheiti Pacific railroad loute. The second of said
boards of engineers, above mentioned, shall survey and
locato a route beginning on tlx1 west line of the States of
Iowa and Missouri, between the mouths of the P.ig Sioux
and Kansas iiveis; thence on the most dueet and eligible
route between the Unity-seventh and foity-tlnid patallels
of latitude, to San Fianciceo, in the State of California, to
be denominated The centtal Pacific ladroad route; and
the third of said boards ot engtneeis, above mentioned,
shall siuvey and locate a route beginning on the west line
ol Aikansas or Texas; thence on the niosi dneet and eligi-
ble route south of the thiity-seventh parallel ot latitude,
and within the Ten itories of the United States, to the Pa-
cific ocean, to be denominated the southern Pacific l.nl-
joad route • Provided, That, before entering upon the dis-
'< chaige ot their several duties, tivv shall be duly and sev-
!| cia!i\ sworn that they have no peisonal interest to be in
ij any\\ ise affected by tho location of tire route winch they
11 a if) about to «m vey and locate; that they have no in iciest,
j| direct or induect, in any land-, or piopeiiy situated in any
'[ ot the States or Teiritotirs through which said route may
;• pas-; and that they will suivevand locate the loute of
!i said i.uiroad upon the most ehinble route, reference being
'! bail lo shortness, feasibility, and economy : +2hd pro tided
: | fin Hit, That said boards of en<r«neors shall repoit said
jonte-. together with genera! estimates of the com, to tiie
Pk - ident of the United Stares, in time tor him to Jay the
same befoie Congress on the ili.-t Monday of December,
A. D., 1«J0.
Sro, 2. Jlivlbe it further cmw ted, TP.at after said surveys
and locations shall ha\ c been made and reported to the I'res-
ident, and by bun laid befoie Congress, a- pmvided m the
iir>t section of this net, the President shvii cause advertise-
ment to be insetted in two newspaper-, in each State and
Tciritory,and m the District of Columbia, toi a period of not
less than six months, inviting sealed pioposal - to I e scvei-
ally made for tho constateuon ot each of said railroads upon
the seveial loute- above named, and for pedonmng the ser-
vice herein required, as follows •
First. Proposals shall be severally mane upon each route,
and shall state the tune m winch H is piopo-cd to construct
and finish the entire road, and put the .-ame into successful
operation, which penod shall not exceed fifteen years from
the execution of the contract; also, what extent and por-
tion of said road, beginning at the eastern and western ter-
minus, and progre^mg continuously until finished, shall be
completed and put in operation during each and every year;
but no pioposal shall be made by the same parties for the
contraction of more than one road, and shall designate the
one intended as either the northern, middle, or southern
Pacific mihoad route.
Scron'J. The tunc m winch said patfv will sunendo d
road, u irh in rolling -lock and all appuueinnce-j thereunto
| belonging, to the United States, for the puipose, of being
j translated to the several States winch may heioafter be
I formed out of said temtory, as here m provided.
Third. At what rate per mile per annum, not exceeding
; $-rj00, it is proposed to carry the United States mails dailv?
l both way?, on said road, under the direction of the Post Of-
, (ice Department, for the period of twenty years from the
completion of the road, and also fm the portion winch may
be in use while the said road is in course of construction;
and at what rate per mile, for a like period, upon each sec-
tion as it is completed, it is proposed to carry on said road,
under the direction of the ptoper Departments, all military
and naval supplies, tioops, seamen, passenger?, and freights
of all kinds for Government purposes, with the limitation
that the price to be paid shall not, in any event, either of
peace or of war, exceed the sum which m time of peape has
been heretofore paid for similar service, of equal amount,
upon any existing route. After the expiration of said con-
tract, said transportation, postal, military, naval, and for
every other Government purpose, shall be performed on said
loads, under the direction of the proper Departments, for
leasonable prices, not exceeding those paid on other first
class lailioads, to be ascertained by Congress, in the event
of a disagreement between the Government and tiie con-
tractors or owners of said road.
fc>i:c. 3. And be itfmther enacteds TJiat said several pro-
posal^sball be opoiied by the President, after due notice, in,
the pro acne* of his Cabinet and such persons as may choose
to attend ; and he to hereby authorized and directed'to enter
into contracts for the tianspoitauon piovided for in this act
with the parties whose proposals shall he by him deemed
most advantageous to the United Stales, for the full and
complete performance of said contracts, incompliance with
the provisions of this act, upon ouch of said routes above
named. And the parties vviih whom said contracts may be
made, as a guarantee for the faithful performance of the
same, shall seve-ally deposit with the Secietary of the
Treasury the sum of $500,000 each, or the value thereof in
bonds or certificates of stock of the United States, which
may be subsequently withdiawn m sums of $10,000, as the
woik piogie^es on each of --aid routes, on production of
voucheis showing, to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
the Treasury, that an amount equal thereto has been ex-
pended m the construction of said roads. All questions of
damages and forieitures by leason of any bieach of said
contiaot shall be determined by the expiess terms and con-
ditions ot the same • Provided, That this act shall be taken
and con-ideied as pait of any contract that may be made
in nccotdanee with its provisions, in like manner as if the
same was set loith in saul contract: And provided further,
That each of saul contracts shall be subject to approval,
and take effect from and after approval, by an act or join
resolution of the two Houses ot Congress, after the same
shall have been laid before them bv the President.
Pkc. 4. Jlnd he it farther enacted, That, in consideration
of the stipulations and undertakings in said contract, theie
shall be, and is hereby, appiopriated and set apart the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the alternate sections of public land foi
the space of twenty miles on each <-ide of eaeli of said roads,
from its eastern to its western terminus, to be selected from
the sections designated in the public surveys by odd num-
bers. And in all cases wheic the United States may have
disposed of said lauds, or any pait thereof, the deficiency
may be made up fiom tin; sales of any of the odd-numbered
sections of the public lands within the distance of forty
miles on either side of said road- Provided, That all mfa-
cial lands be, and the same are hereby, excluded from the
operation of this act, and m lieu thereof a like quantity of
unoccupied and unappiopnated agricultuial lando nearest
to the line of the road, through said mineral lands, may be
selected m alternate sections.
See. ">• lf further enacted, That the several boards
of engineer- shall proceed without delay severally to locate
the general route of each of said roads, and furnish a de-
tailed survey and map to the President, who shall cause the
public land.-, to the extent of forty miles on each side of said
several routes, to be surveyed, and the Indian title thereto
to be extinguished as soon as piaeticablc. And the provi-
sions of the act of September, 1841, granting preemption
rijihts. and the acts amendatory thereof, shall be, and the
; &amo aie hereby, extended to the lands thus surveyed, cx-
| ceptiug that those, the proceeds or the sales wheieof are
i hcieinVct apart and appiopriated for the use of said road,
! shall not be subject to settlement and preernotion, nor
shall be subject to sale at a piice less than ^-2 50 per acre,
wuhout the consent of the paity cnteiing into such con-
tract.
Sr.o 6. Jind he it further enacted, That any person who
is the head of a tainfly, and a citizen of the United States,
' oi who shall nave declared Ins intention to bccomc a citi-
' zen of the United Stales, according to law, shall, fiom and
I alter the parage of this act, be entitled to enter one quar-
ter section of vacant and unappropriated public land-, or a
! quantity equal thereto, to be located in a body, in conform-
; ny with the legal subdivisions of the public lands, upon the
j even numbered sections, after the same shall have been
I surveyed, any wheic within twenty miles upon either of
; said raihoad routes, except the sixteenth and thirty-sixth
I sections in each township, reserved for school purposes.
\ Snc. 7. Jiitd be it further enacted, .That the person apply-
| mg foi the benefit oi the sixth section of this act shall, upon
; auplieation to the register of the land office in which he or
! she i- about to make such entry, make affidavit before the
\ said icg^tei that he, or she is the head of a famiiv, and that
j it is bona ]i,!c his intention to reside upon and make his
I homestead upon the land so entered; and upon making the
'! affidavit as above lequired. and filing the affidavit w ith the
;i register, ho or she shall thereupon be peimmed ioeiitei the
quanfuv of land aheady specified: Prodded, hov ever, That
no certifh ate shall be given, or patent issued therefor, until
the expiration of five years iiom the date of su-Mi entry ;
and if, at the evpnation of such time, the, pei-on making
such entry, or if he be dead, his widow, or in case of her
death, his heirs or devisee, 'or in case of a widow making
such ciitrv, her hcjis or devisee, m ca-e ot hoi death, shafi
prove by two credible witnesses that he. she, or they, have
continued fj reside upon and cultivate said land, and htiil
, re>ule upon ihe same, and haw: not alienated the same, or
I anv pait thereof; then, in such cat-e, he, she, or they, shall
; be cntitled to a patent, as iu other cases provided for by
j law: Jind provided Jtiithcr, In case of the death of both
father and mother, leaving an infant child or children under
