i mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
desire to be heard. When it is submitted to the
Senate, I want to know if 1 have not the right to
state what my object is?
Mr. GREEN, and others. No.
- Mr. TRUMBULL. How is the Senate to de-
cide, if I cannot state what my object is? It is
a thing that has never been refused since I have
been here. This is the first time that an attempt
has been made of this kind to prevent attention
being called to what is going out in regard to our
proceedings.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois will be good enough to pause a moment.
The Chair regrets to ask him to do so. The Chair
cannot decide upon what or what has not been
refused heretofore. Here is a question of order;
and,if insisted on by any Senator, the Chair must
enforce what he understands to be the rule. The
Chair does not think that it is in order for the
Senator to enter into any general statement on
this question. The only question upon which a
suggestion as itappears to the Chair, can be heard
from himf is: under the rules of the Senate, can a
Senator be heard to a personal explanation except
by the unanimous consent of the Senate? That
is the question for the Senate now to decide.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Chair to
decide 
Mr. FITZPATRICIC. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois yield to the Senator from Alabama?
Mr. TRUMBULL. In a moment. I under-
stand the Chair to decide that it is not in order
for me, when the question is to be submitted to
the Senate, to make a statement in regard to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A statement may
be made in regard to the question submitted,
which is: Can a Senator make a personal ex-
planation without the unanimous consent of the
Senate ?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. Am I permitted to dis-
cuss that question ? [" No !"] 1 understand the
Chair to decide not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair dul not
decide that the Senator could not speak to that
question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I am in order, I
understand, in speaking to that question of the
right of a Senator to make a personal explanation
without the unanimous consent of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
so. The usage has been that a question of order,
when made, must be decided by the Chair with-
out debate; but upon an appeal, or when sub-
mitted by the Chair to the Senate, it is then de-
batable. That has been the usage of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, Mr. President, I
suppose upon that question, as to whether a Sen-
ator may be permitted to go on without unani-
mous consent, it may not be inappropriate for me
to speak of what has been the piactieeof the Sen-
ate. It ought certainly to have some influence on
the minds of Senators. If it has always been a
practice of the Senate to allow any Senator to
make an explanation of tins chaiacter without
obtaining unanimous consent or without any ob-
jection, it seems to me that is a consideration
which should appeal to every Senator. And how
can it be that we arc not allowed to correct a matter
going out, affecting us individually ? The Sena-
tor from Arkansas seems to think mine is not a
personal explanation. That does not alter the
principle. The question now is to be submitted
to the Senate as a rule that binds you and binds
me in all time, and the question submitted to the
Senate is, if i understand it, shall a Senator be
permitted to explain a matter which may icfh-ct
upon his honor and his character as a gentleman
—shall he be permitted to do thit- without the
unanimous consent of the Senate, or shall a single
Senator be permitted to prevent one of you—for
the rule may be applied to you to-morrow as well
as to me to-day—from making an explanation?
We have not yet ariived at a point where the Sen-
ate can tell what 1 u as going to say, but the broad
question is made, that upon no question and under
no circumstances 
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I appeal to the
Senator's honor. I appeal directly, and ask hun
if he considers anything which has been pub-
lished there as reflecting upon his honor or him-
self in such a way as to demand that he shall re-
sentfully bring it forward and answer it, and as
to place him, as he would conceive, in a personal
difficulty in any way, in regard to it, more than
every other gentleman upon this floor?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a question that I
will answer when I arrive at that point. I am
not allowed, in the stage the proceeding is in, to
go into that matter. I will answer that, if I am
allowed an opportunity; but I am now confining
myself, as I believe, strictly to the point, which
is the establishment of a rule in this body, that, no
matter what the personal explanation may be, the
question is to be submitted to the Senate to de-
cide whether the personal explanation shall be
allowed; and I ask, are we to put ourselves in
that condition in this body? If it is to be done
only on a vote of the Senate, the majority might
give one of its own members the right to speak,
and forever prevent the minority from making an
explanation that affected one of them; and the
interposition of a single objection is to prevent a
man, under any circumstances, no matter how
aggravated the offense, to explain imputations
wiiich may be cast upon him. I cannot go into
that matter now, because I am not permitted, un-
der the decision of the Chair, to show how I am
affected, and how every other member of this
body is affected by errQneous reports in regard
to my public action here. I am not allowed to do
it, no matter how they affect me. I should think
I might make an appeal to every Senator, and
call upon him to know if he was willing to rest
under the imputation of erroneous reports in re-
gard to his public action ?
Sir, are a majority afraid of responsibility that
they will not allow me to correct this statement?
Are they unwilling that the truth should go out?
If I state that which is not the truth, I shall be
corrected for it; and I have no desire to state any-
thing that is not strictly true. It is only because
I want the truth to prevail, that I have asked this
privilege at the hands of the Senate, if it is to be
put upon the ground of privilege; and I say it will
be establishing a principle here that may hereaf-
ter operate very unjustly towards some individ-
ual of this body, if the broad rule is laid down that
no man, without the unanimous consent of the
Senate, shall ever be permitted to say a word in
defense of his honor, or his character, or his pub-
lic reputation, here.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow mo to make a suggestion to him ? 1 do not
favor any such rule; but, of course, it would not
bo permuted to be so because it requires unani-
mous consent; and, therefore, the minority have
just as much power as the majority. It puts all
parties on an equal footing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We know that the major-
ity can overrule that decision. We know that,
in the Senate, we have no rules that give priority
to business which amount to anything. It has
been repeatedly held that the Senate may determ-
ine, by a majority, what it will take up, and what
it will lay down,notwithstanding previous orders.
Now, sir, 1 trust these obstacles will be with-
drawn. I should have finished what I had to say
before this; and if the object is to save time, more
time has elapsed than it would have taken me to
have said all I desired to say. I trust Senators
will not persevere m this attempt to prevent a cor-
rection of that which is going out erroneously to
the country.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, the Senator
from Illinois has faded to answer two interrogato-
ries addressed to him directly, whether this so-
called personal explanation was to defend his per-
sonal honor. Ifitweie,theic would be no Senator
in this body who would refuse him the privilege
for a single moment. But the object he has stated
distinctly, is to answer a political article in a
public newspaper, which is equally open to him-
self as it is to all the world.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not politically, but as to
facts.
Mr. MALLORY. Oh, well, as to facts. An-
swer them through the newspapeis. I move that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of exec-
utive business.
Mr. KING. I suppose this question of order
ought to be disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If a gentleman j
has the floor, he can make what motion lie pleases, j
Can he not r ,
Mr. MALLORY. I had the floor, and I made j
that motion. The question of order may remain |
undisposed of until to-morrow morning. !
Mr. KING. As a question of privilege, it
ought to be disposed of.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. There is no
privilege in the case.
Mr. BIGLER. The Senator from Florida had
the floor, and has moved to go into executive
session. He clearly has that right.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois was upon the floor. He took the floor to
make, as he said, a personal explanation, and a
point arises in regard to the question of order.
The point is, whether the Senator from Illinois is
not upon the floor, subject to the decision of that
Question. The Chair, however, will entertain
the motion to go into executive session.
Mr. KING. I ask the Senator from Florida
to give way until 1 get leave to withdraw some
papers from the files.
Mr. MALLORY. If it will not displace my
motion.
Mr. ICING. Of course not.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. KING, it was
Ordered, That Benjamin Wdlard have leave to withdiaw
his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. SIMMONS, it was
Ordered, That Nathaniel Ilayward have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
STATISTICS OF MANUFACTURES.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask leave of the honorable
Senator from Florida, and unanimous consent of
the Senate, to submit a resolution.
Mr. MALLORY. If it will not displace my
motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
consider these proceedings as not displacing that
motion.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit the following reso-
lution:
Resolved, That the manuscript tables of the statistics of
manufactures, not ordered by the Senate to be punted, be
returned to tile Department of the Interior; and that Joseph
C. G. Kennedy he authorized to make use of such portions
theieofas he may destie to publish,under s>uch restiictioiirf
as the Seeietaty of the fnterior may impose.
1 have consulted the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Printing m regard to that, and he fa-
vored it.
Mr. GREEN. I object to its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution lies
over.
COLONIZATION" OF COLORED PERSONS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to state, with re-
gard to a resolution 1 offered some days since, that
I shall not call it up for consideration or action at
the present session of the Senate; but I intend to
do it at a very early day in the next session, when
the honorable Senator from Louisiana [Mr, Sli-
dell] shall call up the Cuba bill, or whether ho
calls it up or not. I should like very much to be
permitted to state at some length the reasons for
it, but I shall not do so now.
AFRICAN COLONIZATION.
Mr. CLAY. I desire to submit a resolution
calling for information.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not wish to object to
unanimous consent being given to introduce these
resolutions; but [ do not want to lose my rights,
if I have any. I design to raise a question m re-
gard to going into executive session. I hope I
am not losing any rights I have, if I have any,
by permitting these resolutions to come in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly not.
Mr. CLAY submitted the following resolution:
and asked for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the President of the United States he re-
quested to communicate to the Senate all the inlornuuion
in in« po-ses.sjon aouij: to :,how the amount of monev ex-
pended by the Government of the United States, anectly or
indirectly, on account of lecapmred Aincans sent to Li-
bel ia, miico the passage of the act of 3d Match. 1819, and m
pinsuanee oi said act; and what poiuon of said amount him
been applied, if anv. in aid of the Colony oi Republic of
Libena, and in what manner, and at what time; also,
whetnei an- agent oi agents, for receiving the recaptuied
Afiif.m^, has; or have been legularly appointed eiuce the
pa-^rure of said act, and the amount ol the salaiies paid
them, and \\ iiether said agents have been eonneeiul with
the Colonization Society j, al-o, the quantities and value5? of
aii stoies, provisions, arms, and munitions of war, or other
commodities, furnished to said colony for the benefit of the
leturned captives, and the cost of mil itmy and naval service
for the same object; also, the total e&tiiuated cost of main-
taining the naval power of eighty guns, under the ueaty of
Washington, for the su >pression of the siave trade on the
