1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
and reasonable charges for the labor he has per-
formed, and the materials he has furnished; and
such person may hold and retain possession of
the same until such just and reasonable charges
shall be paid.
The fifteenth section declares that any person
who is a common earner, or who shall, at the re-
quest of the owner or lawful possessor of any
. personal property, carry, convey, or transport the
same from one place to another, and any person
who shall safely keep or store any personal prop-
erty at the request of - the owner or lawful pos-
sessor thereof, and any person who shall depas-
ture or feed any horses, cattle, hogs, sheep, or
other live-stock, or bestow any labor, care, or at-
tention upon the same, at the request of the owner
or lawful possessor thereof, shall have a hen upon
such property for hisjustand reasonable charges
for the labor, care, and attention he has bestowed
and the food he has furnished, and he may retain
the possession of such property until such charges
are paid.
The sixteenth section declares that if such just
and reasonable charges be not paid within six
months after the care, attention, and labor shall
have been performed or bestowed, or the mate-
rials or food shall have been furnished, the person
having such lien may proceed to sell, at public
auction, the property mentioned in sections four-
teen, fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen of this act, or
a part thereof, sufficient to pay such iust and
reasonable charges. Before selling, he shall give
notice of such sale, by advertisement, at least
once a week for three weeks, in some newspaper ,
printed and published in theDistrictof Columbia; i
and the proceeds of such sale shall be applied, :
first, to the discharge of such lien and the costs
and expenses of keeping and selling such prop-
erty, and the remainder, if any, shall bo paid over
to the owner thereof.
The seventeenth section declares that, where the
property is of a perishable nature, anC will be
greatly injured by delay, or where the property
bailed or kept be horses, cattle, hogs, sheep, or
other live-stock, the person to whom the charges
may be due, may, after the expiration of thirty
days from the time when such charges shall have >
become due, proceed to dispose of so much of the j
property as may be necessary, as hereinbefore ■
provided. . !
Tiie eighteenth section drclares that the provis- '
ions of sections fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, and sev- !
eriteen of this act shall not interfere with any spe-
cial agreement of the parties.
The nineteenth section declares the act entitled
"An "act to secure mechanics and others," &c.,
approved March 2, 1833, and all other acts and j
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of
tliis act, repealed, and that this act shall take effect
from the date of its passage.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Then I object to it,and
call for the regular order of business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for the
regular order of business, too
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT
Mr. ATKINS, from the Committee on the Post j
Office and Post Roads, reported a bill to amend j
the acts in relation to the Post Office Department.
The bill proposes to increase the rate of postage
from three cents to five cents. The bill was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT MEMPHIS.
Mr. ATKINS also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 695) to increase
the appropriation for public buildings at Mem-
phis, Tennessee; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
SURVEY OF THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Some days
since, on motion of the gentleman from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Atkins,] a special committee was ap-
pointed to examine in regard to the surveyor the
Mississippi and the building of a levee, inere
have been several petitions on that subject referred
to the Committee on Commerce; and I have been
directed to ask that that committee be dischaiged ,
from the further consideration thereof, and that j
the same be referred to the special committee, and j
one of them to the Committee on Public Lands. !
Mr. GREENWOOD. Is this m order, Mr. j
Speaker ? I
The SPEAKER. It is not. i
UNITED STATES COURTS IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. READY, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, reported back, With a recommendation
that it do not pass, aiill (S. No. 278) concetn-
ing the courts of the Uhited States in the district
of Arkansas; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. HOUSTON, from the same committee,
made adverse reports on the following resolutions
and memorials; which were severally laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed:
A joint resolution of the Missouri Legislature,
instructing her Senators and Representatives to
ask for an appropriation to build a court-house
and post office at Jefferson City;
The memorial of the citizens of Madison coun-
ty, Tennessee, for an appropriation for a court-
house, post ofiicc, and pension office, at Jackson,
Tennessee;
Papers and proofs relating to the claim of
Thomas C. Ware, for compensation for profes-
sional services in the case of the steamer Martha
Washington;
The petition of Charles H. Carroll and others,
asking that the heirs of Charles Carroll be re-
leased from a suit now pending in the circuit
court of the United States for the District of Co- ,
lumbia, against Charles Carroll and Eli Williams; |
A memorial for compensation of clerks, &c.; j
an<l „ „ I
A resolution as to electing Senators, &c. j
PUBLIC BUILD I-NGS.
Mr. HOUSTON also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with a recommendation that
they do not pass, the following bills; which were
severally laid upon the table:
A bill (II. R. No. 151) for the construction of
a custom-house, post office, and court-house, in
Appalachicola, m the State of Florida;
A bill (H. R. No. 196) for the construction of
a suitable building for the accommodation of the
circuit and district courts of the United States,
and the several offices connected therewith, and
the post office, at Hartford, Connecticut;
A bill (II. R. No. 310) to provide a building
for the accommodation of the courts of the United ,
States and the post office, atTyler, ill the State of
.Texas; and
A bill (H. R. No. 24) authorizing the construc-
tion of a building at Montgomery, State of Ala-
bama, for a court-house and powt office.
NATURALIZATION LAWS.
Mr. HOUSTON also, from the same commit-
tee, rorforted back, with a recommendation that
it do not pass, a bill (H. R. No. G99) to amend
the naturalization laws;'which was laid upon the
table. v:
FEES OF THE SERGEANT-AT-ARMS.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have been instructed by
the Committee oil the Judiciary- to report a reso-
lution, which I will have read. I do not know
but that the action of the House, the day before
yesterday, in amending a bill, may have super-
seded the necessity of acting upon tho repo$f.
The House, however, will determine that fact. I (
do not feel at liberty to withhold the report from j
the House.
The resolution was read, as follows;
Resoh'pJ, That the proper and legitimate construction of :
the 69tli rule ot the House of Ueprcs-ciitatm-s allows to tlic
Sergcant-at-Arms only ten oeiin a mite lor the number of ,
miles actually traveled, byhunsuSforlns special me^en^ers,
in making arrests or summoning witness, regardless 01 tile
number of arrests made or witnesses sammoaea.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I hope the res-
olution will be adopted. It can do no haim.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would ratlief it should be
passed.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. HOUSTON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
ts.h !g •
.Tho latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN ARKANSAS. j
Mr. GREENWOOD. I rise to a privileged 1
question. I move to reconsider the vote by which
bill (S. No. 278) concerning the United States
courts in Arkansas was laid upon the table. I
ask to have the motion entered.; " •'
The motion was entered, andpassed over. ;f
COURT OF CLAIMS- - . ' t
Mr. CLARK, of New York, from the Com-
mittee on the Judieiary, reported back, 'with &
recommendation that it do not pass, a bill (K. R.
No. 653) to amend an act to establish a court fop
the investigation of claims agonist thV United
States, so as to permit creditors of the Govern-
ment to sue in the district courts of the United
States. , ' ,
Mr. GROW. I move that the bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and be printed.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. A report has
been prepared to accompany this bill;^but it has
not yet received the technical approval s of the
committee. I ask leave to file that Vepojrt, and
have it printed and referred with the bill.
Leave was granted.
COMMENCEMENT OF ACTIONS. -
Mr. CHAPMAN, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do not pass, a bill (H-R. No. 4T7) to
limit the commencement of actions in certain
cases; which was laid upon the table. ' ,
JUDICIAL DISTRICTS IN PENNSYLVANIA.
Mr. CHAPMAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with a recommendation
that it do not pass, a bill (H. R. iJo. 83) to di-
vide the State of Pennsylvania into three judicial
districts; which was laid upon the table.
FORGERY OF LAND WARRANTS, ETC.
Mr. CHAPMAN also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill for the punishment of
forging or counterfeiting military bounty land
certificates, certificates of location, certificates of
purchase, and receivers' receipts; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr..CHAPMAN. I ask thiB the bill be put
upon its passage.
The bill was read.
Mr. HUGHES. I beg leave to suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania who reported this
bill, that if I understood the readijjg aright, there
is no language in the bill providing for the felo-
nious intent; the words " knowing the lame to.
be forged and counterfeit" are omitted.
Mr. CHAPMAN. I ask that the last para-
graph of the bill may be read again ?
The last paragraph of the bill was read.
Mr. CHAPMAN. Mr. Speaker, the omission
of which ttie gentleman speaks was inadvertently
made. I -presume there will be no objection to
the correction being made.
There being no objection, the correction was
accordingly made.
Mr. CHAPMAN. This is A. very important
bill, and I may say that it has received the entire
approbation of the Committee on the Judiciary.
It provides for the punishment of the forging and
counterfeiting of military bounty land warrants,
and military bounty land warrant certificates,
issued by the Commissioner of Pensions, the re-
ceipts for purchasing the lands of theUnited States,
and the certificates of purchase issued by any
register or receiver.
It provides also for the punishment of issuing
01- drawing any such instruments, knowing them
to be counterfeit, and annexes a penalty for such
act, of not less than three years* imprisonment,
and not more than ten years. There is not, at
this time, any statute of the United States for
tho punishment of such crimes, although there
are laws providing for tho prosecution of perpe-
trators of forgeries in other cases, such as lorg-
in" Treasury notes, and papers relating to the
procurement of pensions; but thus far there has
been no law passed applicable to the forgery of
military bounty land warrants. These instru-
ments, being exclusively the creatures of law, re-
sulting from the legislation of Congress m regard
to the public lands, it is most important that the
United States courts should have jurisdiction of
this class of offenses. There is no jurisdiction at
common law, and if resort be had to the State
courts it is necessary that there should be legis-
lation in the States or Territories, in order that
