1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
615
cite earnest attention to our laws prohibiting the
slave trade—to the manner in which they have
been executed, as well as to the question whether
they should be enforced at all.
In the one case, some four hundred negroes
were kidnapped and embarked frovm the coast of
Africa, whose number was so diminished by the
cruelties of their passage that less than half re-
mained alive to be relanded on their native shore.
In the other case, some three hundred Africans,
perhaps, were landed on our coast, and, beneath
a genial southern sun, have become so absorbed
that their place is scarcely discoverable.
The last proviso of this section, we all agree,
is to cover the expenses of carrying the Echo ne-
groes to Liberia, and educating them under the
direction of the President. To this, and particu-
larly to so much of it as provides for their educa-
tion, special objection is made. I was not in the
Hall during the debate of yesterday on this sec-
tion, nor have I read the Globe report of it; but I
find in the Union of this morning an abstract of
that debate which serves my present purpose. I
find the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Dowdell]
insisting that our Government is not a missionary
society; and, with his colleague, [Mr. Curry,]
and the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr. Sin-
gleton,] objecting to the education of these ne-
groes, or instructing them in the arts of civilized
life.
Now, sir, it is true that ours is no missionary
Government; and, in my judgment, the action of
the President, with regard to educating these ne-
groes in Africa, is strikingly inconsistent with
our conduct at home. Here, we have none of
this educational missionary spirit as to negroes.
Why should we try it abroad ? At home, it is
in many instances criminal for Africans to learn,
and for white men to teach them. If these home
laws are right, why should wc have a different
policy abroad ?
Moreover, sir, this education of free negroes,
and teaching them the arts of civilization, seems
to be at war with the sentiment of the age—that
sentiment sometimes'embodied in State constitu-
tions where they are excluded from the soil, and
from all appeal to the courts, whereby the free
negro is completely animalized and outlawed, so
that if the policy were to be universally adopted,
he would find 110 spot this side of Heaven on
which to rest his foot—that sentiment which we
are told has come down to us from revolutionary
times, declaring that " the negro has no rights
that the white man is bound to support; or
which was more forcibly expressed by a distin-
guished northern Senator when he told the citi-
zens of Memphis that only as between crocodile^
and negroes could the latter claim his preference !
A sentiment which, I thank God, was uttered by
no southerner.
Again, sir, the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Clay] said yesterday, that he was opposed to
these laws, and would not vote a dollar to carry
them out. I, sir, though not opposed to them,
have to blush at the insincerity they exhibit when
compared with our home records. Why, sir, this
very Union newspaper, from which I have read,
contains an advertisement which is a striking
commentary on our consistency—an advertise-
ment of a man imprisoned as a runaway, who is
described by his scarred hands, and his " much-
scarred back."
Now, sir, when hereafter we grow eloquent on
" the horrors of the middle passage," let us blush
that almost beneath the flag that floats from this
Capitol we have, not a middle passage, but a
passage that tells its tale of suffering in scarred
hands and much-scarred backs; and that such
stories of misery are current advertisements in
newspapers of our Federal capital. Sir, in some
way, out of self-respect, we ought to be consist-
ent. I shall ask for a vote by tellers on my
motion.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman, I do not think,
with the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Mill-
son,] that any one on this side of the House is
influenced by any apprehension that this appro-
priation reflects upon the institution of slavery,
by uniting slavery and the slave trade. We do
notobjectto $45,000 outof the |75,OOQ appropri-
ated in this clause of the bill, because that amount
is pledged as bounty by existing law; but we ob-
ject to the remaining $30,1)00, because there is no
color of law for it. We protest against this Gov-
ernment, full-mounted upon the anti-slavery sen-
timent, riding against and riding over and riding
down the restrictions of law. What authority
had the President for receiving the negroes cap-
tured on board the Echo, and sending them to Af-
rica? He has only the authority which is given
by the second section of the act of 1819, in rela-
tion to the slave trade. It enacts:
" That the President of the United States be, and he is
hereby, authorized to make such regulations and arrange-
ments as lie may deem expedient for the safe-Keeping, sup-
port, and removal beyond the limits of the United States, of
all such negroes, mulattoes, or persons of color, as may
be so delivered and brought wittnn their jurisdiction; and
to appouit a proper person or persons, residing upon the
the coast of Africa, as agent or agents, for receiving the
negroes, mulattoes. or persons of color, delivered from on
board vessels seized in the prosecution of the slave trade,
by (jpmmandcrs of the United States armed vessels."
Now, sir, under this section the President is em-
powered to make provision for the " safe-keep-
ing and support" of the captured negroes within
the limits of the United States, and for their " re-
moval" beyond such limits. Beyond the limits
of the United States, he is only empowered to ap-
point an agent or agents to "receive" the negroes,
&c.; and when such appointment and the deliv-
ery of the negroes are made, his power is ex-
hausted. There is no power given to convert the
Government into a huge grocery, to dole out pro-
visions to captured negroes on the coast of Af-
rica. The appropriation we object to, is the
$30,000 for supporting and educating these Afri-
cans which have been delivered in Liberia.
The lack of power seemed to bo appreciated by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Nichols,] yes-
terday, and he sought to eke it out by an appeal
to humanity and civilization. Sir, humanity and
civilization areindissolubly intertwined, and their
initial point is in slavery, the ordinance of God
which commands that our bread shall be eaten
in the sweat of our face. Physical civilization
must precede mental; and the'former can only be
achieved through labor and toil. Will these Af-
ricans be subjected to this indispensable train-
ing? No, sir; they will merely be encouraged in
indolence and lethargy. T'he President has no
right to usurp power on philosophical or senti-
mental abstractions; nor have we such right; but
if we did act on such abstractions, a sounder and
more robust humanity would have kept them
here, where they could have been properly edu-
cated and elevated through the only ordeal which
educates and elevates apeople. Weprotest, then,
against that portion of this appropriation which
applies to the support, in Liberia, of the negroes
which were captured on board the Echo.
The appropriation is,too, to a great extent, for
the support of the. Colonization Society. This
concern has become not much more than a rick-
ety stipendiary of the Government. It sprang
up in almost a single night, under the hot ana
sickly vapors of a morbid sentimentality, and is
now dying out, amid the scorn of some and the
indifference of others. Outside of the prostituted
charities of the Government, it is now, I believe,
mainly supported by old maids whose tender
bosoms—tender through age—are flooded with
romantic kindness, and dilapidated politicians
who are annually stimulated by doses of maudlin
humanity. I will not consent that the restrictions
of law shall be overridden for the benefit of this
humanitarian concern.
Mr. Chairman, it has been said on the other
side of the House, that the reopening of the Af-
rican slave trade enters into this question. I do
not so understand it. That question I will meet
whenever it comes up. I deprecate its agitation
because it is disturbing, and can now result in no
practical action. Neither men nor parties can
hurry it on to a successful and premature devel-
opment; but to this development it will come in
its own time and through its own inherent forces.
When it becomes an economical question, it will
touch the policy of the world; it will become im-
bedded in the policy of the South; and then it will
force a solution through the momentum of its own
power. I wish to await this hour; this hour when
the question will transcend parties, and the policy
of parties, and when it will grapple itself to the
public feeling with liooKS of steel. Now, to those
who agitate on the one side and the other, I would
say: stand aside and let destiny take its course.
Every great economical problem forces itself up-
ward'and forces itself to solution. This will not
be acquitted from that law'. In the mean time, I
would sweep from the statute-book every inter**'
ference with slavery, I woul<i repeal the law de-
claring the slave trade piracy; I would withdraw
our slave squadron from the coast of Africa ;a rid
.1 would leave slavery unintervened against, where
ever tho power of the country stretches." The
power of the free States keeps the Government
from intervening in our favor. I would disarm
it from intervening against us.
Mr. RITCHIE. I think this question is likely
to be debated as long aa there is a question about
disinterested benevolence. I therefore mov« to
strike out the enacting clause cf the bill. .
Several Memberi. No, no; withdraw it.
Mr. RITCHIE. Well; I withdraw the motion.
Mr. CRAWFORD I desire to have this ques-
tion understood. I say to the Chair that the prop-
osition which I submitted is likely to be lost
sight of by the committee. I wish to have a vote
upon my amendment. But, sir,gentlemen upon
-this side of the House are voting against amend-
ments without knowing what they are voting
on. I insist that when amendments are offered,
they shall be stated by the Chair, and shall be
voted on in their order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will b« most
happy to do so.
Mr. WHITELEY. I move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. DOWDELL. I hope that motion will not
be agreed to. If it is, the amendments which have
been made in a former part of the bill will be lost,
and we shall be compelled to vote for or against
the bill. It may be well enough to strike out the
enacting clause of bills of other descriptions, but
1 hope we shall not set here the precedent of
striking out the enacting clause of appropriation
bills.
Mr. LEITER. I ask for tellers upon the mo-
tion to strike out the enacting clause.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Crawford, to reduce the appropri-
ation from $75,000 to $45,000.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 76, noes 38.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Case's
amendment to strike out the whole paragraph.
Mr. BONHAM. Before that question is put,
I beg leave to make a remark.
The CHAIRMAN- Debate is exhausted upon
the amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. If the section shall be stricken
out, then there will be nothing to which I can
attach an amendment. My amendment is an
additional proviso to the section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair misunderstood
the amendment of the gentleman from Georgia.
He supposed the gentleman desired to offer an
additional original section; whereas, it is a pro-
viso to the existing section, which he has a right
to amend before the question is taken upon the
motion to strike out. Therefore, the proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia, takes prece-
dence of the motion to strike out.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following pro-
viso :
Provided further, That all laws heretofore passed, pro-
hibiting the slavo trade, be, and the same are hereby, re-
pealed. And that the policy of restricting the foreign slave
trade, be loft with each of the States, as affecting their own
local policy.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
It is that the amendment is not germane to the
bill under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
question of order.
Mr. SEWARD. I appeal from the decision
of tho Chair.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I move to lay
the appeal on the table.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. That motion is
not in order. The question must be taken upon
the appeal.
Mr. SEWARD. This whole section has no
connection, really, with the main body of the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The appeal is not debat-
able. The debate has been closed by an order of
the House, except upon amendments;'and there-
fore the question of appeal, which would otherwise
be debatable, is not debatable under the order of
the House.
Mr. SEWARD. The resolution closing de-
bata does not affect discussion upon appeals at
