1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
agriculture. This, of course, involves the neces-
sity of cither buying or renting a farm to be cul-
tivated; of supplying beasts of burden, imple-
ments of husbandry, seeds to be sown, and every
other means and appliance requisite to a success-
ful cultivation of the soil. Isitat all desirable
that wc establish a farming interest upon Africa's
far-off shores? And yet, sir, the appropriation
contemplates all this, besides the establishment of
a system of common schools, depots of provi-
sions, clothing, medicines, and other articles.
Gentlemen ask, would you throw them back into
their native land without, food and raiment? I ask
how much of clothing was found upon them when
captured, and what granaries had they from
which to draw sustenance and support? A set
of cannibals, they lived and practiced upon the
maxim of " let the morrow provide for itself."
With this, however, 1 contend we have nothing
to do. Our business is with the act of 1819, and
how far it authorizes the making of contracts of
this nature.
Up to the time of their delivery into the hands
of the agents to rceeive them from our Govern-
ment, we are to meet their expenses, but here are
the clearly defined limits of our responsibility.
If, as gentlemen say, the law of humanity comes
in at this point and requires more of us, then I
say its earliest dictates should have been obeyed,
and we should never have sent them back, but
given them into the hands of some good master
who would have provided amply for them here at
home.
Where is this matter to end, if a Democratic
Congress undertakes to put a construction on the
law such as is contended for? What a dangerous
precedent do we establish?
Now, as was remarked yesterday by the gen-
tleman from Alabama, [Mr. Curry,] being in a
minority in this Republic our safety, as a south-
ern slaveholding people, consists in a strict con-
struction of the laws and the Constitution. Our
numerical strength has already departed, and we
may soon be, in a measure, at tiie mercy of an
Abolition majority ut the North. Unless, there-
. fore, we stand on our constitutional rights, and
see that the laws are strictly construed, and that
no forced construction is put upon them, wherein
does our safety consist? I ask gentlemen to look
to the future and answer this question. This is
not an attack upon the President. I deny it em-
phatically. The President has himself expressed
doubts about the law, and has only undertaken
to carry it out according to Mr. Monroe's views
of it; and it is our duty, being now called upon
by the President himself, to (jxpress an opinion
as to the purview and meaning of this law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT. I propose, with the consent
of the committee, to wilhdiaw my amendment.
Mr. W1NSL0 W. I object; and move that the
enacting clause of the bill be stricken out.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, by strik-
ing out the last line only. I will t ot attempt to
speak while there is this universal disorder.
Mr. COBB, (in his seat.) You had better sit
down, then.
Mr. HUGHES. If I had the faculty of making
disorder that the gentleman has,' I never would
rise. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The committee will come
to order. Gentlemen are requested to resume
their seats and preseive order.
Mr. HUGHES. Mr. Chanman, I have lis-
tened with interest, and not without surprise and
regret, to the discussion that has taken place here
iii°relation to this impropriation. Theie is an act
of Congress which docs authorize the President
of the United States to support negroes such as
those who have been referred to in tins discussion,
while in this country, and to remove them out of
the country and return them to their native land.
The spirit of that act is, that they shall be re-
turned 
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of or-
der. I submit that the gentleman must confine
his remaiks to his amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. It is very well to raise the
question of order on mc after a three days' debate,
in which other gentlemen have been permitted to
speak without regard to strict rules. It is quite
consistent with the course that that gentleman
and his associates'have always observed toward
me upon this floor. I await the decision of the
Chair upon the question of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposes that
the gentleman was discussing his amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. The supposition of the Chair
is correct. [Laughter.] Now, sir, I wish to press
the question put by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Groesbeck:] what was the President to do
with these negroes? Was he to return them Jo
Africa and land them on the. shores of Africa In
a starving and dying condition? Do gentlemen
mean seriously to urge upon this House the pro-
priety of so construing tne law that the President
of the JJnited States should land these negroes
in a starving condition, without food and raiment
on the coast of Afiica?
Mr. BRYAN. I would ask the gentleman
what was done by the President with William
Walker and his men, who were taken from Nica-
ragua? And whether, if justice required these
Africans to be returned to the coast of Africa,
justice tlid not require William Walker and his
men to be returned to Nicaragua '
Mr. HUGHES. I take great pleasure in an-
swering that question. William Walker was a
fugitive from justice, who had forfeited his bail
bond, and was virtually, although perhaps not
legally so, a pirate upon the high sens.
Mr. BRYAN. Was the President the judge of
that, or the courts of the country ?
Mr. HUGHES. Be that as it may, I have no
sympathy with those who violate the laws, and
I will never, by my vote, condemn those who exe-
cute the spirit of the law.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARTRELL. I do not rise for the pur-
pose of debating this amendment 0/ any other
amendment to the bill, but to appeal to gentlemen
on this side of the House to take the vote and
allow us to dispose of this bill. If it be in order,
1 move that the committee rise and report the bill
to the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is notin order
while there is an amendment pending.
Mr. BURNET T, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to amend
by striking out the last two lines of the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman may speak
in opposition to the amendment of the gentleman,
ironi Indiana.
Mr. HUGHES. With the consent ofthe com-
mittee, I will withdraw my aim nUnient.
By unanimous consent, the amendment was
withdrawn.
Mr. JOHN COCHRA NR. Now, Mr. Chair-
man, I propose the amendment which I have al-
ready announced.
I have listened thus far with a great deal of in-
terest to this debate, which has not occurred, m
fact, upon the merits ofthe amendments proposed,
nor, in fact, upon the merits of anything that is
contained in this bill. It has taken a wide- and
singular range—a range of much gitaler inti rest
to the people of this Union, probably, than to the
Representatives of that people upon the floor of
this House; a debate which is more exciting than
instiuclive; adebate which c-an lodge ns eventually
| m no safe harbor, and attain no practicable ob-
i ject. 1 fully concur with many gentlemen in this
!'House, who have spoken with great reason and
deliberation upon this subject, that, if this ques-
tion is to be met here candidly and manfully, it
should be met upon the issue dnectly laised—
whether the slave tiade shall be permitted, or
whether it shall lie suppressed—and not in debate
upon a collateral question raised upon the phrase-
ology of a paragraph of this appropriation bill.
Now, sir, what is the position oi tiiis commit-
tee at the present time? Simply this: under ex-
isting laws in force in the United Stales, certtua
acts have been, honestly and m good faith, per-
formed by the Executive of this nation; and the
Representatives of the people of these United
States, relying upon the integrity and good faith
of the Executive, are called upon to come forward
and declare that appropriations shall be made to
defray the expenses of these acts. Is not the ques-
tion thus consistently and fairly stated ? Are gen-
tlemen leady upon this issue to pronounce upon
another point than is involved in that issue; which
is, shall the expenses of executing the laws oftlie
United States, whether by mistake or not, be de-
frayed by the people of the United Slates, out of
their TreasuryJ Sir, let anyihing-further than
that, in all consistency and in all reason, be re-
mitted to the time when it may arise direct.iy and:
fairly. That further subject, sir, I, for one, as.
coming from the northern section, if there be a
northern section "of this Union, shall be ready at
any time, if that subject ia proposed for the con-
sideration' of this Huuse, fairly and manfully to'
meet: I am ready to take my position upon the'
question whenever it shall arise,whether the slave
trade shall be suppressed, or whether it shall be
permitted. I am sure that all other gentlemen here .
are ready to assume that responsibility,and meet
the question when it is presented.
Mr. GROESBECK. Mr. Chairman, I do not
care to postpone the issue whether the slave trade
shall or shall not be reopened. I am ready to
meet, it now. I want no postponement. The slave
trade is not to be reopened. And further, sir, I
desire to say to gentlemen who have thrown out
hints on this subject, that it is much more likely
laws will be passed for the moiT faithful exeeu-
iion of those now upon the statute-book than for
their repeal. But I do not propose to discuss any
such question at this time. 1 rise merely to ex-
press my regrets at the occurrence of this debate.
I regret that this act of humanity upon the .part
of tiie President towards these injured Africans,
has invoked this di.scussion and these objections.
I approve everything that the President has done
in this matter. 11 was a kind and considerate act,
and worthy ofaChrisuan land. I would have con-
sidered it cruel—this nation would have regarded
it as cruel—if he had turned these Africans adrift
upon the shores of Africa, lie did right; he did-
no more, sir, than make a'reasonabio provision
tor them for a reasonable time. The law requires
that there shall be an agent on the shores of Af-
rica to receive recaptured and returned Africans
—to receive lliem kindly and hospitably, and not
turn thein adrift to stai've or be again enslaved;
but, sir, I decline to argue the question. Argu-
ment in such a case is out of place and in bad
I isle. 1 repeat it, sir, the President did right.
As a Democrat, I thank him for it; and I thank
him for it, in the name of the nation.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 will, if there be
no objeeiion, withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object; and I give notice
thai hereafter I shall insist upon the debate being
confined to the amendments pending, and that a
vote sba'l i>e taken upon the amendments as they
are submitted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. 1 oi"ve to amend by insert-
ing the words, " or which shall hereafter." Mr.
Chairman, 1 was interrupted so often in my
I former five mmutes'spcech that I did not say all I
' desired to say. 1 wish now to say that 1 concur in
- everv word which has fallen from the gentleman
I from"Ohio, [Mr. Ghu£.sbeck,] who lastaddressed
; the commiuee.
I Something has been said in reference to the
I D- uioeratic parly. Sir, 1 profess to be an humble
! member of that party; and it has been my pride,
i upon all occasions, "to assert that it is not a sec-
! tional party, and that it never would become a
I sectional party. The Constitution ofthe United
i States is its platfoi m, in its letter and in its spii it.
i I am one of those wiio have ever been ready to
: atTirm that if that Constitution imposed manacles
| unon the limbs of every negio upon our soil, I
| am for it still; because it is the Constitution of
I the country. But, sir, that Constitution recog-
j nizee, by implication, the obh^a'ion upon the part
j of this Government of suppressing the slave trade,
, and whenever it conies to tins, lhat there is any
I considerable part of the Democratic party of tins
1 country who will stand up, and, by ^indirection,
I foster and encourage that slave trade, then the
| Democratic party can no longer boast that it is
' not a sectional party; nor will ihcre be any Dem-
! ocratic partv at all;"for from that time it wi.i have
! ceased to ex'ist. I say to gentlemen that, when I
i hear what seems to me an indirect advocacy oi
I the slave trade upon this floor, 1, like the ;-eutle-
| man from Ohio,"wish to say thai 1 nm ready to
| meet that question now, and am ready to go for
. its suppression to the utmost extent, just as I am
, ready, laits letter and in its spun, to stand.up
for all the rigats of the South, so far as they me
![ protected by the Constitution of the country.
II These are my views upon this question.
