1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
610
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask my colleague
if he is not in favor of enforcing the laws now
upon the statute-book as long as they exist?
Mr. CLAY. Most certainly I am; and the
question 1 asked the gentleman from Missouri yes-
terday, was why he had not.made the appropri-
ation specific.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise t.o a question
of order. This debate is entirely out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The debate is out of or-
der.
Mr. BARKSDALE. With the consent of the
committee I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MILES. 1 move to amend the amend-
ment, by striking out the last three lines.
Mr. Chairman, I have, perhaps, listened with
more regret to this discussion than any one else
upon the floor, because I entertain peculiar sec-
tional views. For I am, 1 must frankly confess,
that hideous thing, as it seems to men of all par-
ties, a sectional man. I stand here a southern
man, and a Representative, in part, of a sovereign
southern State. _ That South, that State, are of
the weaker section, and we cannot but bo sec-
tional, because we must be united, in order to
maintain ourselves. Sir, I do not class myself in
the great national Democratic ranks. I will act
with the Democratic party faithfully, honestly,
truly, and heartily, where I can do so conscien-
tiously and consistently with the rights and honor
of my State and section. When they call on me
to depart one iota, the half of a hair's breadth,
from that course, I turn my back upon them and
leave them forever. Yes, sir, I am willing to
avow myself a sectional man. I conie_iici'e to
represent, in part, the State ofSouth CardSria, and
her rights and interests are first in my estimation
and foremost in my heart at all times.
I, sir, am not prepared to advocate the reopen-
ing of the slave trade, but I am prepared to ad- '
vocate with all my mmd and strength, the sweep-
ing away from our statute-book, of laws which
stamp the people of my section as pirates, and
put a stigma upon their institutions. It is im-
possible to escape the inevitable logic—the logic
which the senior member from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] I believe,uses; if the slave trade be now
piracy, it always was piracy; if the slave trade
be now a crime against morality and religion,
it always was; and the pirates that you would
hang to-day, stand on the same footing with my
forefathers, who employed and eneouiaged their
predecessors. I will never consent, if 1 <Jan pos-
sibly help it, to allow this stigma to remain,
which degrades and puts a slur upon the people
of my part of the Confederacy. I believe, Mr.
Chairman, that these are questions that ought to
be left, as gentlemen have said, to time; and to
be controlled, moreover, by the sovereign States
themselves. I have very grave and serious doubts
about the constitutionality of the laws for the sup-
pression of the slave trade. I have very grave
and serious doubts whether the constitutional
power " to define and punish piracy" gives Con-
gress the right to say that anything else shall be
piracy than what the laws of nations had pre-
viously made so; and the word " define," i think
it may be very forcibly argued, was only intended
to do away for the future with ambiguity, as to
the precise definition of piracy, as commonly but
perhaps somewhat vaguely understood at the :
time of the adoption of our Federal Constitution.
I say, sir, that I am not prepared to advocate
the reopening of the slave trade. I do not know 1
that I will ever come to that conclusion. It is a
purely economical, and not a moral or religious
question. If England and France continue cov-
ertly to carry it on, we. may be forced, in self-de-
fense, to do the same thing; and whether you call j
it the " coolie system," or the " involuntary emi- (
gration system," J, as one bred and reared where
slavery is in full vigor and thoroughly organized, j
know that our system is infinitely more humane,
infinitely more gentle, infinitely more Christian, j
than the coolie system ever can be. j
[IXere the hammer fell.] I
Mr. GOOCH. Mr. Chairman,I do not regret |
the discussion which has arisen here upon this j
question. 1 by no means consider tile time we •
have spent on that discussion as wasted time. ;
I think it but foreshadows to the country a dis- j
cussion wlucli will hereafter be had in this House, I
and I think it is but right that the people should I
know, frhen they elect their Representatives, what
questions they may be called upon to discuss and
decide here. I think, still farther, that had the
people in times past been forewarned of some
questions which have been decided by their Rep-
resentatives and Senators before they elected them
to office, results might have been different from
what they have been. I say, then, that I have no
regrets to offer for this discussion.
It has been said by a gentleman upon the other
side, that what they principally apprehend under
this construction of the law is the use which may
be made of it by a Republican President, when
one shall be in power. I will say to the gentleman
upon the other side, that so far as that is con-
cerned, we will give to the law the same construc-
tion which two Democratic Presidents have given
to it. We will give to the law that construction
which the Democratic party in power for twenty
years has acquiesced in. I will say to him still
further, that so far as the Republican party is con-
cerned, I, for one, believe that they will go not a
step further in relation to the institution of slavery
than they can find precedents for in the action of
the Democratic party, and in the opinions of those
who have been the leading Democratic statesmen
of the country. I, sir, claiming to be a member
of the Republican party, find all the precedents I
want in the action and the opinions of the Demo-
cratic party, and of the leading statesmen of that
party—in the opinions of such men as Jefferson,
Madison, and many others, who thought them-
selves Democrats in their day, but could hardly
retain a position in that party at the present time.
Now, sir, one reference to this provision which
is now before us. The question is, whether or
not the President of the United States was author-
ized to make a contract which provided for the
support and maintenance of those men after they
were landed on the coast of Africa? The law pro-
vides that there shall be an agent there. I ask
gentlemen, an agent for what purpose? Why
have an agent there if there is nothing to be done ?
If he has r.o power which he can exercise, if no
contract can be made which shall authorize him
to do a single act, why have an agent? All that
is necessary, according to the construction of the
law given by gentlemen on the other side of the
House, would be to land these men on the coast
of Africa anywhere; and certainly that can be
done without the assistance of an agent.
Now, sir, I say that the construction given by
the President is the construction given by Presi-
dent Monroe, and acquiesced in for twenty years,
and that this construction is the correct construc-
tion. Gentlemen on the other side object, that to
make this appropriation would be to authorize
that construction. That, sir, is precisely the
question I want to meet; that is the question I
want to vote upon. For one, I am ready to make
this appropriation, and thereby give authority to
that construction.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BRANCH. Is it in order to move to lay
aside this bill and take up another appropriation
bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the
Chair, that motion would not be in order.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I move that the com-
mittee rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from North
i Carolina will withdraw that motion, I will move
to strike out the enacting clause of the bill, wiih
the understanding that the amendments which
have been already agreed to shali be rcporteu to
; the House. Wo can then go into the House ami
| vote upon the bill.
j Mr.'BRANCH. I insist upon my motion that
| the committee rise, unless there is some way by
which this debate can be stopped;because, in my
' judgment, a worse evil is arising from this de-
bate than a mere consumption of time. I insist
upon my motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from North
Carolina will withdraw his motion that the com-
mittee rise, I will move to strikeout the enacting
clause, which, with the understanding I have
proposed, will accomplish the-gentleman's pur-
pose.
Mr. BRANCH. If the gentleman will give me
any assurance that other gentlemen will not rise
and move amendments and continue this debate,
I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. Of course I can give the
gentleman no such assurance.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I insist upon my mo-
tion. ,
Mr.WINSLOW called fortellerson the motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Peyton and
Nichols were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 64, noes 87.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now move to strike but
the enacting clause of the bill. I then propose,
by the consent of the committee 
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a question of order.
Is this motion debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not debating it. I do
not know what the gentleman says, there is so
much noise.
[The committee here informally rose; and
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act to
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to grant
a register to the schooner William A. Hamill;
when the Speaker signed the same.]
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Chairman, upon the
motion to strikeout the enacting clause, 1 demand
tellers.
Tellers were ordered.
Mr. BONIIAM. I rose before the Chair an-
nounced that tellers were ordered. I wish to
make a few remarks.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. BONHAM. I submit that it is in order
to make remarks upon the gentleman's motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not debat-
able.
Mr. GARNETT. I desire to make an inquiry.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I object to anything not
in order. *
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege, and neither the gentleman from Arkansas
nor any other gentleman can prevent me from
presenting it..
Mr. GREENWOOD. If the gentleman, under
the rule, is entitled to what he asks, certainly I
have no objection.
Mr. GARNETT. I would inquire if the en-
acting clause is stricken out, all the amendments
heretofore made by the committee do not fall?
Mr. HOUSTON. In answer to that, I will say
that the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means can offer a substitute, embracing the same
bill as amended by the committee. There is no
difficulty upon that point.
Mr. CURRY. I inquire whether the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means will
do it?
Mr. HOUSTON. If not, my colleague can do
it for himself.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Only by general consent.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the enacting
clause is stricken out, can we,in the House, come
to a vote upon'striking out that last clause of the
bill?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In answer to the
inquiry which has been made, I will say, that if
the enacting clause shall be stricken out, such
amendments as have been adopted I shall myself
olft-r, though I shall vote against them.
Mr. G1DDINGS. The gentleman is not in
order, and 1 object to debate.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I rise to a
question of order. It is, that a motion to strike
out the enacting clause entitles the party making
it to a five minutes' speech, and that a five min-
utes' speech in opposition to that motion is in
order.
M r. HOUSTON. That hssnot been the prac-
tice for the last two sessions of Congress.
Mr. GROW. I think the gentleman from Ala-
bama is mistaken.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think, this very session,
the motion to strike out the enacting clause has
been ruled not to allow debate.
Mr. GROW. I remember two cases.
The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not de-
batable.
The tellers having been previously ordered,
Messrs. McQ,ueen and Undehwood were ap-
pointed.
