622
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE:
January 27,
to whom was referred the motion to print the
memorial of S. S. Wood, commissioner, and W.
P. Kirklartd, solicitor, appointed on behalf of the
residents and non-residents of Greytown,-or San
Juan del Norte, in Central America, who suffered
by the bombardment of that city by Captain Hol-
lins, of the United States ship'Cyane,onthe 13th
of July, 1854, praying the appointment of a com-
mission to investigate the charges upon which the
city was destroyed,and also to investigate losses
sustained, with a view of making such reparation
as may appear just and proper, reported adversely
on the motion; and the report was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of members of the So-
ciety of Cincinnati, praying the settlement of the
claims for half pay for life promised by the act
of Congress of October, 1780, to the officers of the
Continental army who should serve to the end of
the war, or until the time of their reduction, re-
ported in favor of the memorial; and the report
was agreed to. ,
Mr. BIGrLER, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No.
353) for the relief of Eli W. Goff, reported it
without amendment, and with a recommendation
that it do pass.
Mr. SHIELDS, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom were referred the
papers in relation to the claim of Frederick Yin-
cent, administrator of James Lecaze, submitted
a report, accompanied by a bill (S. No. 537) for
the relief of Frederick Vincent, administrator of
James Lecaze, surviving partner of Lecaze &
Mallet. The bill was Tread, and passed to a sec-
ond reading; and the report was ordered to be
printed.
RECOMMITTAL OF A REPORT.
Mr. MASON. I presented, a petition a few
days ago from Mrs. Fanny A. White, which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions. She is a
widow lady. I wrote to her and told her -.that
some evidence must be sent with the petition.
She replied, as such a lady would do, that she was
utterly ignorant of the form of such proceedings,
and would supply it. In the mean time the com-
mittee reported adversely. With the consent of
the chairman of that committee, I ask that that
petition be recommitted to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
The motion was ageeed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
535) conferring certain powers relating to alleys,
on the corporation of Washington; which was
rend twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. G3G) to
authorize the levy court to issue tavern and other
licenses in the District of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia.
- Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution (S.
No. 74) for the relief of the administrator of Ben-
jamin Wakefield, deceased; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
INVESTIGATING COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER. There is a bill before the Com-
mittee on Finance which we ask the Senate to take
immediate action upon. Jt is for the payment of
witnesses who have been summoned here before
investigating committees of the House of Repre-
sentatives; anu they cannot go away until this bill
is passed. I am directed by the Committee on
Finance to report it back, and.to ask the Senate,
by unanimous consent, to take it up this morning.
I report it with an amendment to be inserted as
an additional section. .
There being no objection, the Senate, as m Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the bill
(H. R. No. 820) providing for the payment of the
expenses of investigating committees of the House
of Representatives.
It appropriates the sum of $1Q,000 for the pay-
ment of the expenses of the several investigating
committees of the House of Representatives dur-
ing the present session, and directs that it be
added to the miscellaneous item of the contingent
fund of the House; but no portion of this sum is
to be paid for constructive mileage for summon-
ing witnesses.
'The additional section submitted by the Com-
mittee on Finance is as follows:
Jtnd be it further enacted, That hereafter the mileage or
traveling allowance to the officer, or other person execut-
ing precepts or summonses of either Houses of Congress,
shall not exceed ten eent< for every mile necessarily and
actually traveled by such officer or other person in the ex-
ecution of any such precept or summons.
Mr. HUNTER. That is designed to put an
end to an evil which has existed. If an officer
summons ten men from the same place, by this
amendment he is to charge only one mileage, and
not ten, as has been done heretofore.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed. The bill was ordered to be read
a third time; and it was read the third time, and
passed.
PETERSBURG CUSTOM-HOUSE LOT.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the joint resolution of the
House of Representatives, (No. 39,) to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell a certain
plat of land in the city of Petersburg, Virginia,
belonging to the United States, have instructed
me to report it back with an amendment, and to
recommend its passage; and as it is a matter of
no interest, I suppose, to any one in the Senate, ;
cxcept the Senators from Virginia, I hope the j
Senate will act on it now. The amendment is one
that all will agree to. I will state that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury approves the sale of the land,
saying that it is not necessary for the public ser-
vice.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution.
It proposes to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury, in his discretion, if deemed by him con-
sistent with the public interest, to sell, and by
deed convey to the purchaser, a piece or parcel
of land lying at the southeast corner of the cus-
tom-house lot in Petersburg, Virginia, to be so
kid off and defined as to make the eastern bound-
ary of that lot a straight line from its beginning
on Tabb street, through to the lot belonging to
Powell's Hotel Company; and the proceeds of the
sale are to bo applied, if necessary, to the com-
pletion and furnishing of the custom-housebuild-
ing, or grading and inclosing the lot.
The amendment which the committee reported,
is in lliu form of the following provisio:
Provided, The Secietary of the TicaMiry shall fix the
inimmum below which the said lot sli.ii! not lit; sold.
The amendment was agreed to. The joint res-
olution was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed. The joint resolution was
ordered to be read a third time; and it was read
the third time, and passed.
COMPENSATION OF LAND OFFICERS.
Mr. STUART. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands to report, back the biil (H.
R. No. 801) to fix and regulate the compensation
of receivers and registers of the land offices, un-
der the provisions of the act approved April 20,
1818, and to recommend its passage. As this is
a House bill, which is intended to correct very-
large abuses growing out of the commissions of
land officers, 1 ask the indulgence of the Senate
to consider it at this time. It is very short, and
will take but a moment. It ccrtanily ought to
be passed for the preservation ot tiie public in-
terests.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill.
It directs that the act entitled "An act for chang-
ing the compensation of receivers and registers
of"the land offices," approved April 20, 1818,
shall bo so construed by the accounting officers
as to restrict the aggregate amount allowed as
: compensation for tile registers' and receivers'
! commissions on moneys received at any land office
| in any one calendar year to the sum of $9,500
| each; and that the registers and receivers shall
I not receive forany one quarter, or fractional quar-
I ter, more than a pro raia allowance of the maxi-
I mum of $2,500; their compensation, both for sal-
ary and commissions, to commence and be calcu-
lated from the time they enter on the discharge
of their duties.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to know how the bill
affects the existing law ?
Mr. STUART. I will explain it to the Sena-
tor. By the existing law, the commissions of a
land officer for one year are limited to §2,500,
which, with the salary, makes §3,000. A practice
has grown up, in many instances, of this char-
acter: where th^ sales are large, a man holds his
office for three months, within which time he gets
his full amount of commissions; he resigns his
office; his successor takes it and holds it three
months, within which time he gets his full amount
of $2,500, and then he resigns; and the fust man
is appointed again, and he gets another $2,o00.
The elFect of this bill is to limit the receipts of the
year to $2,500, and pro rata for each quarter.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, to
whom was referred the subject of printing extra
numbers of the report of the Committee on For-
eign Relations on the bill to facilitate the acquisi-
tion of the Island of Cuba by negotiation, have
directed me to report in favor of printing five thou-
sand copies. There were two motions on the
subject; first for printing two thousand, and sec-
ond for printing ten thousand extra copies. I
wish to call the attention of the minority of the
committee for a moment to the lact that they
moved no additional number cxcept two thousand,
in their first resolution, and the committee re-
ported in favor of printing two thousand copies
of the views of the minority.
Mr. SEWARD. I intended yesterday, if I
could have got the floor when the subject was
brought up, to move the same number, whatever
it might be, of the minority report.
Mr. FITCH. I presume I shall have the assent
of the Committee on Pruning then at once to an
amendment of their report, and I report in favor
of printing five thousand extra copies of both the
majority and minority reports. I make the mo-
tion to print five thousand copies of each.
Mr. HALE. I have but a word or two to say
in opposition to this motion. We have been try-
ing to talk economy; 1 do not know whether it
means anything more than that. This report has
been printed. I saw itin the city papers this morn-
ing. It is probably printed by this time, or will
bo°in a day or two, in every principal newspaper
in the whole United States. This number is not
wanted fur the use of the Senate; it ceitainly can-
not be wanted for the public, for they get it in
the newspapers; and it is a useless expense, and,
it seems to me, an improper disposition of the
public money. I am opposed (to printing any-
thing but the usual number.
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered. '
Mr. STUART. I ask for a statement or esti-
mate of the cost of this piinting.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The estimate
will be read.
The Secretary read it,.as follows:
Office sni'ekixtenpknf or Public Printing,
Washington, Jani-ciy 90. ir."9.
Sir: The co>t of pnimny two thousand extra copies of
the report of the Comi'ii-ton on Foicjqu llcUifions on the
ju'q'isMtion of (Jiii'.i will iie .->>5 '-3. At the same rale, ton
thousand conic swill eo^t sl'/ti GO. The cobt ot punting two
ihou>:i?ifl « cojne-i of the views of the minority of the
committee on the simo subject wni bo $4 32.
Respectfully. &*c., . , , ,
GiSOliGE W. BOWMAN, Superintendent.
Hon. Graham N. Fitch, Chairman Committee on Print-
ing, Senate.
Mr. FITCH. We report in favor of printing:
five thousand. The cost is certainly no objection.
I think the importance of the subject is quite suf-
ficient excuse Tor the action of the committee.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Mossis. Allen, Bares. Bayard. P>enj.imhi, Bclor,
UndH, Brown, Chesnut, Chn^nan. Doug!.*-*, Fitch,
Fi!7jiati!ck, Gieen, Gvvui, IlaiTHnond, Ho<i- ton, Hunter,
!ver-on, Johnson of Tennessee, Join1-, Kennedy, M Hon.
Plaice Polk. Pn^h. U 'id. Uice, ^hicki*, ►Shdcil.
Smart.'ThonWon of Now Jersey. mid Ward--o4.
NAYS—Messrs. Bell, Bindeuck, Cameion, Chandler,
Clark, Dixon, DooJittie, Dutkee, Feasenden, Foot, Foster,
