APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate Ho. of Reps.
Lecompton constitution, the people of Kansas
had claimed double the quantity of public lands
for the support of common schools which had
ever been previously granted to any State ;upon
entering: the Union; and also the alternate sections
of land for twelve miles on each side of two rail-
roads, proposed to be constructed from the north-
ern to the southern boundary,and from the east-
ern to the western boundary of the State. Con-
gress, deeming these claims unreasonable, pro-
vided,by the act of May 4,1858, to which I have
just referred ,.for the admission of the State on an
equal footing with the original States, but " upon
the fundamental condition precedent" that a ma-
jority of the people thereof, at an election to be
held for that puj pose, should, m place of the very
large grants of public lands which they had de-
manded under the ordinance, accept such grants
as had been made to Minnesota and other new
States. Under this act, should a majority reject
the proposition offered them, " it shall be deemed
and held that the people of Kansas do not desire
admission into the Union with said constitution,
under the conditions set forth in said proposi-
tion." In that event, the act authorizes the peo-
ple of the Territory to elect delegates to foim a
constitution and State government for themselves,
"whenever, and not before, it is ascertained by a
census, duly and legally taken, that the popula-
tion of said Territory equals or exceeds the ratio
of representation required for a member of the
House of Representatives of the Congress of the
United States." The delegates thus assembled
li shall first determine by a vote whether it is the
wish of the people of the proposed State to be
admitted into the Union at that time; and, if so,
shall proceed to form a constitution and take all
necessaiy steps for the establishment of a State
government in conformity with the Federal Con-
stitution." After this constitution shall have been
formed, Congress, carrying out the principles of
popular sovereignty and non-intervention, have
left " the mode and manner of its approval or rat-
ification by the people of the proposed State" to
be " prescribed by law," and they " shall then be
admitted into the Union as a ttmte under such
constitution, thus fairly and legally made, with
or without slavery, as said constitution may pic-
sciibe."
An election was hold throughout Kansas, in
pursuance of the provisions of tins act, on the 2d
day of August last,ami it resulted m its rejection,
by a large majority, of the pioposition submitted
to the people by Congress. This being the case,
they are now authorized to form another consti-
tution, preparatory to admission into the Union,
but not until their number, as ascertained by a
census, shall equal or exceed the uitio required to
elect a member to the House of Rrptesentatives.
It is not ptobable, in the piesrnt state of the
case, that a third constitution can be lawfully
framed and presented to Conguss by Kansas, be-
fore its population shaft have leached the desig-
nated number. Nor is i-t to be presumed that,
after their sad experience in resisting the territo-
rial (aws, they will attempt to adopt a constitution
in express violation of the provisions of an actof
Congress. During the session of lb5G, much of
the time of Congiess was occupied on the ques-
tion of admitting Kansas under the Topeka con-
stitution. As;ain, neaily the whole of the last
session was devoted to the question of in admis-
sion under the Lecompton constitution. Surely
it is not unreasonable to require the people of
Kansas to wait, before making a third attempt,
until the numberof theirmhabitants shallamount
to ninety-three thousand four bundled and twenty.
During this brief period the harmony of the States,
as well as the great business interests of the coun-
try, demand that the people of the Union shall
not for a third time be convulsed by another agi-
tation on the Kansas question. By waiting for a
short time, and acting m obedience to law, Kan-
sas will glide into the Union without the slight-
est impediment.
This excellent provision, which Congress have I
applied to Kansas, ought to be extended and len-
dered applicable to aUTerritones which may here-
after seek admission into the Union.
Whilst Congress possess the undoubted power
of ad milting a new State into the Union, however
small may be the number of its inhabitants, yet
this power ought.not, in my opinion, to be exer-
cised before the population shall amount to the
ratio required by the act for the admission of
Kansas. Had this been previously the rule, tho
country would have escaped all the evils and mis-
fortunes to which it has been exposed by the
Kansas question.
Of course, it would be unjust to give this rule
a retrospective application, and exclude a State
which, acting upon the past practice of the Gov-
ernment, has already formed i ts co nstmu ion, elect-
ed its Legislature and other officers, and is now
prepared to enter the Union.
The. rule ought to be adopted, whether we con-
sider its bearing on the people of tin.' Territories
or upon the people of the existing States. Many
of the serious dissensions which have prevailed
tn Congress and throughout tho country would
have been avoided, had this rule been established
at an earlier peiiod of the Government.
Immediately upon the Animation of a new Ter-
ritory, people from diilerent States and from for-
eign countries rush into it, for the laudable pur-
pose of improving their condition. Their fust
duty to themselves is to open and cultivate farms,
to construct roads, to establish Reboot, to erect
places of religious worship, and to devote their
energies generally to reclaim the wilderness and
to lay the foundations of a llouiishm«r and pros-
peions commonwealth. If, in this incipient con-
dition, with a population of a few thousand, they
should prematurely enter the Union, they aie op-
pressed by the buiden of State taxation and the
means necessai y for the impi ov-unent of the Ter-
ritory, and the advancement of their own interests
arc thus diveited to \eiy dilfcruit pui poses.
The. Federal government has ever bun a lib-
eral parent to the Territories, and a generous
contubutor to the useful enterprises of the early
settler*. It has prod the expenses of their gov-
ernments and Legislative Assemblies out of tho
common Treasury, and thus relieved them fiom a
heavy charge. Under these circumstances, noth-
ing can be better calculated to reran! their mate-
rial pt'ogiess than todsvert them fr.;m their useful
employ menis, by prematurely exciting an21v po-
litical confers among them, el ;es, for the benefit
ot asjunni; leadeis. It ;s surely no h.'idship for
embryo Governors, Senutojs, aad menilu 1 s of
Congiw, to u au until the numbed o{ inhabitants
shell equal those of a single congressional d is-
tiiot. They surely ouiiht not to be permitted to
rush into tho Union, with a population less than
one half of several of the lar>:e counties m the
interior of some of the States. This was the
condition of Kansas when it made application to
be admitted under the Topeka constitution. J3e-
sid' s, it lequti es Nome time to tender 'he mass of
a population collected 111 a nr w To: 1;tory at all
homogeneous, and to unite them m an y thing like
a fixed policy. Establish the lule, and ad will
look forward to it, and govern themselves accord-
ingly.
But justice to the people of the several States
requires that this rule should be established by
Congress. Each State is entitled to two Senators
and at least one Representative in Congress.
Should the people of tiie States fail to elect a Vice
Piesnlent, the povvei devolves upon the Senate to
select this officer from the two highest candidates
on the hst. In case of tho de;ith of the President,
the Vice President 'bus elected by the Senate be-
comes President of the United States. On all
questions of legislation, the Senators from the
smallest States of the Union have an equal vote
with those from the largest. The same may be
said m regard to the ratification of treaties and of
Executive appointments. All tins has worked
admirably in practice, whilst it conforms m prin-
ciple Willi the chaiacter of a Government insti-
tuted by sovereign States. I presume no Amer-
ican citizen would desire the slightest change m
the arrangement. Still, is it not unjust and un-
equal to the existing States to invest some forty
or fifty thousand people collected in a Territory
with the attributes of sovereignty, and place them
on an equal footing with Virginia and JN'ew York
in tho Senate of the United States ?
For these reasons, I earnestly recommend the
passage of a general act, which shall provide that
upon the application of a. Tenitorial Legislature,
declaring their belief that the Territory contains a
number of inhabitants which, if in a State, would
entitle them to elect a member of Congress, it
shall be the duty of the President to cause a
census of the inhabitants to be taken, and if found
sufficient, then, by the terms of this act, to author-
ize them to proceed " in their own way5S to frame
a State constitution preparatory to admission into
the Union. 1 also recommend that an appropri-
ation may be made to enable the President to take
a census of the people of Kansas.
The present condition of the Territory of Utah,
when contrasted with what it was one year ago,
is j subject for congratulation. It was then m a
state of open rebellion, and, enst what it mi^ht,
the character of the Government required that
this rebellion should be supptessed and the Mor-
mons compelled to yield obedience to the Consti-
tution and the laws. In otder to accomplish this
object, as 1 informed you in my last annual mes-
saire, I appointed a new Governor instead of Brig-
ham Young, and other Federal officers to take the
place of those who, consulting their personal
safety, had found it necossary to withdraw from
the Territory. To protect these civil officers, and
to aid them, as a -pocs? cotnitatus, in the execution
ot the laws m case of need, I ordered a detach-
ment of the Army to accompany them to Utah..
The necessity foi adopting these measures is now
demonstrated.
On. the loth September, 1857, Governor Young
issued his proclamation, in the style of an inde-
■ pendent sovereign,announcing his purpose to re-
sist ny force of arms the entry of the United States
troops into our own Temtui y of Utah. By this
he lequiie'! ali the forces in thcTenitory to ''hold
themselves id leadings to march at a moment's
notice to repel any and ali such invasion," and
established martial law from its date throughout
the Ten itory. These proved to be noidle threats.
Forts Bndger and Supply were vacated and
burned down by the lVioimons, to deprive our
troops of a shelter after their long and fatiguing
march. Ordeis weie issued by Daniel H-.Wells,
styling himself " Lieutenant General, Nauvoo
Legton," to stampede the animals of the United
Stan 3 tioops*on their match, to set fire to their
tr.Mns, to burn the grass and the whole country
lvfoi e them and on thc.ir flanks, to keep them
tioio s 11 t ping by nn*ht surprises, and to blockade
tin road hy leihng ti cvs, arid destroying the fords
ot tiveis, £c.
These oiders were promptly and effectually
obeyed. On the 4th October, 1^57, the Mormons
eapiuied and bui ned on Green river three of our
supply trams. conSsung of seventy-five wagons
loaded wuh provisions and tents for the army,
and earned away st veral bundled animals. This
dinunibhed ilv supply of provisions so materially
that General Johnston was obliged to reduce the
ration; and even with this precaution, there was
only sufficient left to suosist the troops until the
1st of June.
Our little army behaved admirably in their en-
campment at Fort Bridget*, under these trying
privations. In the midst of the mountains, m a
dreary, unsettled, and inhospitable region, more
than a thousand miles fiom home, they passed
tho severe and inclement winter without a mur-
mur. They looked foiwtud with confidence for
relief from their country in due season, and in
this they weie not disappointed.
The Secretary of War employed all his ener-
gies to forward them the necessary supplies, and
to muster and send such a military foi ce to Utah
as would render resistance on the pai t of the Mor-
mons hopeless, and thus terminate the war with-
out the effusion of blood, in his efforts he was
efficiently sustained hy Congiess. They gi anted
appropriations sufficient to cover the deficiency
thus ncccssai ily created, and also provided for
raising two regiments of volunteers, " for the pur-
pose of quelling disturbances m the Territory of
Utah , for the protection of supply and emigrant
trains, and the suppression of Indian hostilities
op the lrontiers." Kappilv, there was no occa-
sion to call these regiments into service. If there
had been, I should have felt serious embarrass-
ment m selecting them, so great was the number
of our brave and patriotic citizens anxious to
serve their country in this distant and apparently
dangerous expedition. Thus it has ever been,
and thus may it ever be I
