624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
Sioux. It is for the contractors, under tlie bill
as it stands, to decide what route they will take.
How can- we assume that they may not go by the
thirty-fifth parallel, or even the thirty-second par-
allel? They will take -the, most eligible and the
cheapest route, under the bill; they can take any
route which, in their judgment, may best conduce
to the purposes rn vrfiw. Then, sir, how are we
to Understand the effect of this amendment? It
authorrzes-survcys for a rond which is provided
for in the bill. 'I think the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, probably, has not looked at the effect of the
amendment fully. If his amendment is to be
e&Opted, it ought to be for the survey of the best
rotrte; and it ought to supersede the entire bill,
and let the inquiry be as well south as north;
arid for an intermediate route. I confess I should
be willing to vote for it if I thought it consistent
with the general proposition.
Mr. DOOLITXLE. I understood the amend-
ment to be adopted confining the route between
the thirty-fourth and forty-third parallels.
Mr. BIGLER. No, sir.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. I still desire to take the
sense of the Senate on my amendment. Judging
from the starting point of this road as fixed by
the bill, it seems to me that it must of necessity
go upon a central route, if anyroad is built at all;
and the proposition which I submit is simply to
ask for proposals upon the other two routes, both
north arid south. It will cost nothing to the Gov-
ernment to take these proposals, and when they
are received and submitted to Congress, we may
act more intelligently on the whole question at the
coming session. I ask for the yeas and nays on
my amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Choir sug-
gests to the Senator that, from the reading of the
amendment, there is a blank m it for a sum of
money which, perhaps, he would desire to 1111 up.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The last section contain
is left out entirely. "We have no assurance that
the road v/ill be built over the middle route, if the
bill passes. The contractors may see fit to build
it along the southern route and not across--the
middle route.
Mr. GWIN". That amendment was adopted
without my having an opportunity to examine it;
but I think the provision only requires a report
upon the practicability of the northern and south-
ern routes, leaving the contract to be made under
the bill. Of course, though there may be a report
in favor of the*practicability of those two routes,
the contract can be made on the other route, or
on either of those routes. That is my under-
standing. i do not know, however, how that is,
in point of fact.
Mr. PITCH. Being out of the Chamber when
the amendment of the Senator from Wisconsin
was offered, I voted on it from the%statement of
its purport by other Senators, and may possibly
be mistaken. 1 should be very much pleased to
hear it read, that I may, see whether I was mis-
taken or not.
Mr. BRODERICK. I call the attention of the
Senator fiom "Wisconsin t6 the remarks 1 made a
moment since. I say there is no provision made in
his amendment for the middle route. It provides
for a northern and southern route, and leaves out
the middle route.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator that this discussion is out of
order; but it can proceed Lry unanimous consent.
There is no motion pending. The Senator will
proceed, if there be no objection.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. The bill before us pro-
vides at length for what is called the middle route;
that is, beginning on the west hue of Missouri,
or Iowa, and going through to San Francisco.
The termini, both ends of the route, are limited;
,, and it seems to me of necessity it must be a cell-
ing the blank is mtnply to be filled with the cost : tral route, or somewhat central, to say the least,
of receiving piojHiyals.^ I suppose £.2,000 would j The provisions of the bill go on not only to pro-
be sufficient. I fill the blank by inserting $2,001).
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 29, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Men*™. Bate-?, Hell, Uusht, Hrown. Che^uut,
Clmumnn, Dixon, Doomrle, ihiuala-, Dtukcc,
Fitch, Green. Ham hit Hmlan, Houston, iver-on, Johnson
ot Tonne«j.ee, Kennedy. Pearce. Kioe. tfehastian. ^inehN,
Simmon-, tfniau, Yi.om-on <n iNew Jet->e\, Toombs,
Wade* and U .ud-29
NAVS—iVTd-airf. Allen, Buvard. Bitrier, Brodenclr, Chan-
dler, (.'lay, Davi^riUpamcU, Foftor.Uwm, Hunter, Jouo->,
Mat-on, i'olK, i'ugi), Ui id, Hew aid, and Trumbull—lfc>.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr, DOUGLAS. I have an omendment that I
Wish to oder, to follow the sections before adopted
on the. ruction of the Senator from Wisconsin,
granting the light to preempt the lands granted
at $2 ;>U on acre. My amendment is:
Jlnd 11 il fdrtha o?)"f /<?</, 'Phut all land-> FUuat/\) within
foirynnk's of the muUiie division of i-.iid load, on euliei
f-ide theieo!, and not heieui f.<j> ap.ut and appropriated ioi
the u>e 01 f=aul io.mJ,-hall he open to tiu'iu ami pie-
empnon at the rue of len <vet - pci ane, nn.iei ibe provis-
ions of thu actof September, it? 11, and uic acts aineiiduioiy
yiercaf.
The object is, that in what is called the desert
country,on the middle division, where there are
very few lands worth anything, they shall be
open to bettlement at ten cents an acie. a nom-
inal price, with a view of trying to get long lines
of settlement along the road. You have stricken
out of the hill the grant of lands 'o aid in the con-
struction of the road along that division, on the
ground that the lands there were worth noth-
ing. I do not wi&h to have a barrier against net-
th'inent; a :d if they are not worth anything in
aid of the construction of the rood, lotus throw
them open to settlement under the preemption
law, within forty miles of the road, at a nominal
price.
Mr. FOLK. Will the Senator state whether
his amendment extends to the lands that are do-
nated to the road, as well as the lands resetved by jj was n system before, when the Senator from Ten
pre
: vide fos, receiving proposals, hut authorize* the
! Presidenl to enter into a contract, so h<r as that
J route is concerned, which contract is to be sub-
mitted to Congicss at the next session. The
amendment which I have proposed is in the shape
of additional sections to the hill, providing, in ad-
! dition to what powers are conferred in relation to
1 the central route, the route beginning on the west
| line of Missouri or Iowa, and going to San Fran-
: cisco, that the Secretary of the Interior may also
| issue proposals, and asfc contractors to state upon
; what terms they will agree to build roads upon
I the other two routes; and when these proposals
i are sent in to the Secretary of the Interior, he is
; simply authot ized to open them, and report them
' to Congress, and not enter into any contract at
' alt in relation to eitherof these other routes. That
\ is the sub^f.mce of the provision.
| Mr. GWIN. I would make a suggestion to
i the Senator from Wisconsin. His amendment
; certainly embarrasses the bill; and I hope some
; gentleman who voted in favor of it will move a
! leconsideration, in order that we may have an-
i other vote on it. Several Senators,] am inclined
| to think, voted in favor of that amendment With-
out understanding it.. It will certainly be com-
petent to receive propositions on all these routes
under the original bill. Propositions can be made
for the southern, the central, and the northern
routes under the bill; and the amendment certainly
complicates the question, and probably may en-
danger the bill, because it indicates directly that j;
they shall report on the northern and southern !'
routes, leaving out the central route. Suppose j'
a contract is made on the northern or southern i,
route, and there is no report on the central unite
at all: what position will we occupy? I hope j!
this amendment will not be pressed now. It has i
been brought before the Senate tins morning as 'j
an additional amendment, not as a substitute. It
the United States ?
Mr. DOUGLAS.
It is confined to the mid'dle
division, excluding the divisions where kj'ds a l 1
donated to the road.
The amendment was agreed to. j
Mr. ['RODERICK. Mr. President, I call the \
attention of my colleague to the amendment of)
the Senator from Wisconsin. It provides for a j
northern and southern route, and says nothing |
at all about the middle route. The middle route I
nessre offered it as a substitute for the biil: but t
to maial'r it on this bill as an addition to it, I am ji
n*ra;d will 'Mubantiss and probably defeat the ||
m-'aymo. I hope, thcieforc, it will be reconsid- :
ered, and {..ken off the bill.
Mr. HELL. I think the Senator from Califor-
nia is certainly mistaken as to the effect of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, which has been adopted. It does not affect
the provisions of the bill as it stood before at all.
It only supplies what might otherwise seem to
be a defect ff we wanted to hasten the commence-
ment of the construction of a railroad at all Sup-
pose that no bids should be made under this bill
for the central route.
Mr. BIGLER. It does not name the central
route.
Mr. BELL. But two points are fixed on the
east beyond which the terminus sh-all not go,
north or south Am I mistaken in that?
Mr. BIGLER. There is no fixed route.
Mr. BELL. But between two fixed points,
which are designated, the terminus must be lo-
cated.
Mr. BIGLER. That is the terminus, not the
route.
Mr. BELL. Then the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is entirely in error when he says there is
no provision for a central route. When you
commence at some point between the two rivers
prescribed by the bill, you may diverge north-
ward three or four hundred miles, or diveigc
southward and go on the southern line; but stdl
the eastern terminus is central, and you propose
what is equivalent to a central terminus on the Pa-
cific side, for it proposes to go to San Francisco.
Now, the proposition of the Senator from Wis-
consin supplies what would otherwise appear to
be a defect in the information which, under the
provisions of the bill as it stood before hi.s amend-
ment, would be laid before Congress at the next
session. Suppose there are bids upon the central
route, and the President makes a contiact under
those bids: it is still in the discretion of Congress
to adopt it or not. Suppose Congress hold that
the contract is unreasonable and not proper to be
carried into execution by the Government: where
are you then ? You are without any bids either
upon a northern or a southern route; you have
none that are satisfactory on the middle route;
undpeihaps no bid on the southern route; but
the provision suggested by the Senator from Wis-
consin proposes that the Secretary of the Interior
shall receive bids, not make them. That is the
only ddFeumce substantially; and I contend there
is no incongruity m that. His amendment is,
that the Secretary of the Interior shall invite bids
from capitalists and others upon a northern route
and a southern route, to be submitted to Congress
at the next session.
If that amendment is permitted to stand, we
shall have all the information upon the three sev-
eral routes that have been indicated "and spoken
of in tins debate before us at the same time. ' Con-
gress will then have the whole subject within their
control. If there should be no bid for the central
route, or whatever route is provided for in this
bill as it ouginally stood, then it would be well
enough to have the information before us whether
any northern route or southern route offered ad-
vantages and facilities m construction that would
attract the attention of capitalists. This amend-
ment supplies that defect. We may have no bids
on any of the routes that have been indicted.
We may have them underthis provision in respect
to all. The difference between the provisions of
the bill in regar)! to the central loute and the
amendment is, that by the bill we make bids, we
make offers to capitalists; but the proposition of
the Senator from Wisconsin invites hnk to come
from capitalists with respect to a northern and a
southern route. There is no pledge in either case
to construct one or the other. I do not see why
any member of the Senate should object to this
amendment as an impediment to his support of
this biil, for it certainly places it in the power of
Congress to act with more safety, having a larger
mass of information before it, in the selection of
the route which shall finally appear to offer the
greatest advantages and facilities, and may be
constructed with the greates? economy.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I do not know-
that there is any specific question before the Sen-
ate: but I desire to participate in this general dis-
cussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
may be stated by the Chair to be on ordenng the
bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BELL. I consider the discussion in order.
The wholo question comes up on the. biil.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the suggestion which
has been made-by the Senator from California is
one worthy of the attention of the Senate. There
is a great number of Senators in this body who
