1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
S.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. or Reps.
The wisdom and economy of sending sufficient
reinforcements to Utah are established not only
by the event, but in the opinion of those who,
from their position and opportunities, are the most
capable of forming a correct judgment. General
Johnston, the commander of the forces, in ad-
dressing the Secretary of War from FortJBridgcr,
nnder date of October 18, 1857, expresses the
opinion that " unless a large force is sent here,
from the natufe of the country, a protracted war
on their [the Mormons] part is inevitable." This
he considered necessary, to terminate the war
" speedily and more economically than if at-
tempted by insufficient means."
In the mean time, it was my anxious desire that
the Mormons should yield obedience to the Con-
stitution and the laws, without rendering it neces-
sary to resort to military force. To aid in accom-
fdishing this object, I deemed it advisable in April
ast, to dispatch two distinguished citizens of the
United States, Messrs. Powell and McCulloch,
to Utah. They bore with them a proclamation
addressed by myself to the inhabitants of Utah,
d^ted on the sixth day of that month, warning
them of their true condition, and how hopeless it
was on their part to persist in rebellion against the
United States, and offering all those who should
submit to the laws a full pardon for their past sedi-
tions and treasons. At the same time, I assured
those who should peisist m rebellion against the
United States, that they must expect no further
lenity, but look to be rigorously dealt with accord-
ing to their deserts. The instructions to these
agents, as well as a copy of the proclamation, and
their reports are herewith submitted. It will be
seen by their report of the 3d of July last, that
they have fully confirmed the opinion expressed
by General Johnston in the previous Octobei, as
to the necessity of sending reinforcements to Utah.
In this they state that they " are firmly impiessed
with the belief that the piesence of the army here
and the large additional force that had been or-
dered to this Territory, were the chief induce-
ments that caused the Mormons to abandon the
idea of resisting the authority of theUmted States.
A less decisive policy would probably have re-
sulted in a long, bloody, and expensive war."
These gentlemen conducted themselves to my
entire satisfaction, and lendeicd useful set vices in
executing the humane intentions of the Govern-
ment.
It also affords me great satisfaction to state that
Governor Cummmg has performed his duty in an
able and conciliatory manner, and with the hap-
piest effect. f cannot, in this connection, refrain
from mentioning the valuable semccs of Colonel
Thomas X_;. Kane, who, from motives of pure be-
nevolence, and without any official character or
pecuniary compc nsatton, \ictU'd Utah duringthe
last inclement winter, for the purpose of contrib-
uting to the pacification of the Territory.
I am happy to inform you, that the Governor
and other civil ofiiceis of Utah, are now perform-
ing their appropi late functions without resistance.
The authority of the Constitution and the laws
lias been fully restored, and peace prevails
throughout the Territory.
A portion of the troops sent to Utah are now
encamped in Cedar Valley, forty-four miles south-
west of Salt Lake City; and the remainder have
been ordered to Oregon to suppress Indian hos-
tilities.
The march of the army to Salt Lake City,
through the Indian territoiy, 1ms had a powerful
effect m restraining the hostile feelings against the
United States, which existed among the Indians
in that region, and m securing emigrants to the
far West against their depredations. This will
also be the means of establishing military posts
and promoting settlements along the route.
I recommend that the benefits of our land laws
and preemption system be extended to the people
of Utah, by the establishment of a land ofiice m
that Temtory.
I have occasion, also, to congratulate you on
the result of our negotiations with China.
You were informed by my last annual message,
that our Minister had been instructed to occupy
a neutral position in the hostilities conducted by
Great Britain and France against Canton. He
was, however, at the same time, directed to co-
operate cordially with the British and French
Ministers, in all peaceful measures to secure by
treaty those just concessions to foreign commerce,
which the nations of the world had a right to de-
mand. It was impossible for me to proceed fur-
ther than this, on my own authority, without
usurping the war-making power, which, under
the Constitution, belongs exclusively to Con-
Besides, after a careful examination of the na-
ture and extent of our grievances, I did not believe
they were of such a pressing and aggravated char-
acter, as would have justified Congress in declar-
ing war against the Chinese empire, without first
making another earnest attempt to adjust them
by peaceful negotiation. I was the more inclined
to this opinion; because of the severe chastise-
ment which had then but recently been inflicted
upon the Chinese by oui squadron, in the capture
and destruction of the Barrier forts, to avenge an
alleged insult to our flag.
The event has proved the wisdom, of our neu-
trality. Our Minister has executed his instruc-
tions with eminent skill and ability. In conjunc-
tion with the Russian plenipotentiary, he has
peacefully, but effectually, cooperated with the
English and French plenipotentiaries; and each
of the four Powers has concluded a separate treaty
with China, of a highly satisfactory character.
Thch'eaty concluded by our own plenipotentiary
will immediately be submitted to the Senate.
I am happy to announce that through the en-
ergetic, yet conciliatory efforts of our consul gen-
eral in Japan, a new treaty hps been concluded
with that empire, which may he expected mate-
rially to augment our trade and intercourse m that
quarter, and remove from our countrymen the
disabilities which have heretofore been imposed
upon the exercise of their religion. The tieaty
shall be submitted to the Senate for approval
without delay.
It is my earnest desire that every misunder-
standing with the Government of Great Britain
should beamicably and speedily adjusted. It has
been the misfortune of both countries almost pver
since the period of the Revolution, to have been
annoyed by a succession of irritating and dan-
gerous questions, threatening their friendly rela-
tions. This has partially prevented the full de-
velopment of those feelings of mutual friendship
between the people of the two countries, so nat-
ural in themselves and so conducive lo their com-
mon imeiest. Any serious interruption of the
commerce between the United States and Great
Britain, would be equally injurious to both. In
fact, no two nations have ever existed on the face
of the earth which could do each other so much
good or so much harm.
Entertaining these sentiments, I am gratified to
inform you that the long-pending controversy
between the two Governments, in relation to the
question of visitation and seaich, has been ami-
cably adjusted. The chum on the part cf Groat
Britain, foicibly to visit American vessels on the
high seas in time of peace, could not be sustained
under the law of nations, and it had been over-
lulcd by her own most eminent jmists. Tins
question was recently brought to an invae by the
repeated acts of British cruisers in boarding and
searching our merchant vessels m the Gulf of
Mexico and the adjacent seas. These acts were
the more injurious and annoying as these waters
are traversed by a large portion of the commerce
and navigation of the United States, and their
free and unrestricted use is essentia! to the secu-
rity of the coastwise trade between different States
of the Union. Such vex.uious interruptions could
not fail to excite the feelings of the country, and
to require the interposition of the Government.
Remonstrances were addressed to the British Gov-
ernment against these violations of our rights of
sovereignty, and a naval force was at the same
time ordered to the Cuban waters, with direc-
tions " to piotect all vessels of the United States
on the high seas from search or detention by the
vessels-of-war of any other nation/* These meas-
ures received the unqualified and even enthusi-
astic approbation of the. American people. Most
fortunately, however, no collision took place, and
the British Government promptly avowed Us
recognition of the principles of international law
upon this subject, as laid down by the Govern-
ment of the United States, in the note of the Sec-
retary of State to the British Minister at Washing-
ton , of April 10,1858, which secure the: vessel of
the United States upon the high seas from visijta-.
tion or search in time of peace, un,delr®ry Girdim?
stances whatever. The claim has been abandoned
in a manner reflecting honor on the British
ernment, and evincing a just regard for the tetw-of
nations, and cannot fail to strengthen the amicable
relations between the two countries.
The British Government, at the same time,
proposed to the United States that some mode
should be adopted, by mutual arrangement be-
tween the two countries, of a character which
may be found effective without being offensive,
for verifying the nationality of vessels suspected
on good grounds of carrying false colors. They
have also invited the United States to take the
initiative, and propose measures for this purpose.
Whilst declining to assume so grave a responsi-
bility, the Secretary of State has informed the
British Government that we are ready to receive
any proposals which they may feel disposed to
offer, having this object in view, and to consider
them in an amicable spirit. A strong opinion
is, however, expressed, that the occasional abuse
of the flag of any nation, is an evil far less to be
deprecated, than would be the establishment of
any regulations which might be incompatible
with the freedom of the seas. This Government
has yet received no communication specifyingthe
manner in which the British Government wcjuld.
propose to carry out their suggestion; and lam
inclined to believe, that no plan which can bede-
vised, will be free fiom grave embarrassments,.
Still, [ shall form no decided opinion on the sub-
ject, until I shall have carefully and in the best
spirit examined any proposals winch they may
think proper to make.
1 am truly sorry 1 cannot also inform you that
the complications between Great Britain and the
United States, arising out of the Clayton and-
Bulwer treaty of April, 1850, have been finally
adjusted. j
At the commencement of your last session, I
had reason to hope that,emancipating#hemselves
from further unavailing discussions, the two Gov-
ernments would proceed to settle the Central -
American question in a practical manner, alike
honorable and satisfactory to both; and this hope
I have not yet abandoned. Jn my last annual
message, I suited that overtures had been made
by the British Government for this purpose in a
friendly spirit, which I cordially reciprocated.
Their proposal was to withdraw these questions
from direct negotiation between the two Govern-
ments; but to accomplish the same object, by a
negotiation between the British Government and
each of the Central American Republics whose
territorial interests are immediately involved.
The settlement was to be made in accordance with
the general tenorof thcintei pretation placed upon
the Clayton and Bulwer treaty by the United
States, with ccrtain modifications. As negotia-
tions are still pending upon tins basis, it would
not be proper for me now to communicate their
present condition. A final settlement of these
questions is greatly to be desired, as this would
wipe out the last remaining subject of dispute be-
tween the two countries.
Our relations with the great empires of France
and Russia, as well as with all other Govern-
ments on the continent of Europe, except that of
Spain, continue to be of the most friendly char-
acter.
With Spain our relations remain in an unsat-
isfactory condition. In my message of December
last, I informed you that our Envoy Extraordi-
nary and Minister Plenipotentiary to Madrid had
asked for his recall; and it was my purpose to
send out a new Minister to that Court, with spe-
cial instructions on all questions pending between
the two Governments, and with a determination
to have them speedily and amicably ad justed, if
that were possible. This purpose has been hith-
erto defeated by causes which I need notenumer-
ate.
The mission to Spain has been intrusted to a
distinguished citizen of Kentucky, who will pro-
ceed to Madrid without delay, and make another
and a final attempt to obtain justice from that
Government.
Spanish officials, under the direct control of the
