APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 0,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate &, Ho. of Reps.
Captain General of Cuba, have insulted our na-
tional flag; and, in repeated instances, have from
time to time inflicted injuries on the persons and
property of our citizens. These have given birth
to numerous claims against the Spanish Govern-
ment, the merits of which have been ably dis-
cussed for a scries of years by our successive dip-
lomatic representatives. Notwithstanding this,
we have not arrived at a practical result in any
single instance, unless we may except the case of
the Black Warrior under the late Administration;
and that presented an outrage of such a character
as would have justified an immediate resort to
war. All our attempts to obtain redress have
been baffled and defeated. The frequent and oft-
recurring changes in the Spanish Ministi y have
been employed as reasons for delay. We have
been compelled to wait, again and again, until the
new minister shall have had time to investigate
the justice of our demands.
Even what had been denominated " the Cuban
claims," in which more than a hundred of our
citizens are directly interested, have furnished no
exception. These claims were for the refunding
of duties unjustly exacted from American ves-
sels at different custom-houses in Cuba, so long
ago as the year 1844. The principles upon which
they rest are so manifestly equitable and jnst,
that after a period of nearly ten years, in 1S54,
they were recognized by the Spanish Govern-
ment. Proceedings were afterwards instituted to
ascertain their amount,and this was finally fixed,
according to theirown statement, (with winch we
were satisfied,) at the sum of $128,635 54. Just
at the moment, after a delay of fourteen years,
when we had icason to expect that this sum
would be repaid, with interest, we have received
a proposal offeung to refund one third of that
amount, ($42,878 41,) but without interest, if we
would accept this in full satisfaction. The offer
is, also, accompanied by a declaration that this
indemnification is not founded on any reason of
strict justice, but is made as a special favor.
One alleged cause for procrastination, in the
examinatic*} and adjustment of our claims, arises
from an obstacle which it is the duty of the Span-
ish Government to i amove. Whilst the Captain
General of Cuba is invested with geneui! despotic
authority in the government of that inland, the
power is withheld from him to examine and le-
drcss wrongs committed by 0/iicntls under his
control, on citizens of the United States. Instead
of making our complaints directly to him i\ t i [a-
vana, we are obliged to present them through our
Minister at Madrid. Those are then referred back
to the CaptamGemual tm information ; and much
time is thus consumed in preliminary investiga-
tions and correspondence between Madrid and
Cuba, before the Spanish Uovemnieul will con-
sent to pioceed to negotiation. Many of the d f-
flcuUies between the two Governments would he
obviated, and a long tiam of negotiations avoided,
if the Captain General wore invested with authoi-
ity to settle questions of easy solution on the spot,
where ait the facts are fresh, ond could be promptly
and satisfactorily ascertained. We have hitherto
in vain urged upon the Spanish Government to
confer this power upon the Captain General, and
our Minister to Spain will ag^in be instructed to
Urge this subject on their notice. In this respect,
we occupy a d'ifi lent position from the t'oweis
of Europe. Cu'\\ is almost within sight of our
shores; our commeiee with it is far >i renter than
that of any other nation, including Spam itself;
and our citizens are m habits of daily and ex-
tended personal intercourse v, irh every part of tin*
island. It is, therefore, a great grievance that,
when any difficulty occurs, no matter how unim-
portant, winch might be seadily settled at the
moment, we should be obliged to resort to Mad-
rid, especially when the \ery first step to be taken
there is to refer it hack to Cuba.
The truth is that Cuba, in its existing colonial
condition, is a constant source of iii|uiy and an-
noyance to the American people. It is the only
spot in the_ civilized worid where the African
slave-trade is tolerated; and we are bound by
treaty with Great Britain to maintain a naval force
on the coast of Africa, at much expense both of
life and treasure, solely for the purpose of arrest-
ing slavers bound to that island. The late seri-
ous difficulty between the United States and Great
Britain respecting the right of search, now so Imp- j
ptly terminated, could never have arisen if Cuba I
had not afloided a market for slaves. As long as
this market shall remain open, there can be no hope
for the civilization of benighted A frica. Whilst
the demand for slaves continues in Cuba, wars will
be waged among the petty and barbarous chiefs j
in Africa, for the purpose of seizing subjects to '
supply this trade. In such a condition of affairs,
it is impossible that the light of civilization and
religion can ever penetrate these dark abodes.
It has been made known to the world by my |
predecessors, that the United Status have, on scv- j
end occasions, endeavored to acquire Cuba from |
Spain by honorable negotiation. If this wereac- j
comphshed, the last relic of thc'African slave- j
trade would instantly disappear. We would not, i
if we could, acquire Cuba in any other manner. ;
This is duo to our national character. All the
territory which we have acquired since the origin !
of the Government has been by fair purchase from
France, Spam, and Mexico, or by the free and
voluntary act of the independent State of Texas,
in blending her destinies with out own. This
com so we shall ever pmsue, unless circumstances
should occur, which we do not now anticipate,
rendering a departure ftom it cleaily justifiable,
under the imperative and overruling law of self-
preservation.
The Island of Cuba, from its geographical po-
sition, commands the month of the Mississippi,
and the immense and annually increasing tiade,
foreign and coastwise, from the valley of that no-
ble uver, now embracing half the sovereign Slates
of the Union. With that islandunder the domin-
ion of a distant foieign Power, this trade, of vital
importance to these States, is exposed 10 the dan-
ger of being destroyed in time of war, and it has
hitherto been subjected to perpotunl injury and
annoyance m tune of peace. Our relations with
Spam, which ought to be of the most friendly
chaiacter, must always be placed in jeopardy,
whilst the existing colonial government over the
island shell remain m Us present condition.
Win 1st the possession of the island would be of
vast importance to the United States, its value to
Spam is, eomparati vely, uuimnort.mt. Such was
the relative situation of the paitie-j wh"ii the groat
Napoleon transfer!ed Louisiana to ih" (.Tinted
Suues Jealou--, cs he ever was, of the national
honor and interests of b'rance, no person through-
out, the woild lias imputed blame to him for ac-
cepting a peeunmty equivalent for this cession.
The publicity winch has been given to our
foimer neiroii.itjons upon this subject, find the
large appropt iatio i which may be icqun ed to epVct
tre puipose, rentier if expedient, befute making
another attempt to lenea" the negotiation, that
1 .should lay the whole sulyet. bjlore Congress.
This i i (t'peeiai'y neees^arv, as if may heroine in-
dispensable to sueec^s, that 1 should ne intrusted
wiih i!i;nnans of making an advance to the
Spanish Government immediately after the sign-
ing of the treaty, without awaiting the ratification
of it by the Senate. 1 em encouraged to make
this smrgcftton by the example of Air. Jefferson
])K-\ ioustothcpuichnse of LouisiananomKrnnce,
and by thatof Mi. Polk m view of i he acquisition
of teiritoiy from Joexieo. { refer the wholesub-
jcet to Congic-s. and commend it to their careful
consideiatiou.
I repeat the recommendation made in my mes-
sage of December last, m favor of an appropria-
tion u to be paid to tlie Spanish Government for
the purpose of distribution among the claimants
in the Amietad easn." Piesuicnt Folk first made
a similar recommendation m December, 1847, and
it was repeated by my immediate predecessor at
December, ld53. I entertain no doubt that in-
demnity is fairly due to these claimants under our
tfeaty with Spam of the 527th October, 1796: and
whilst demanding Justice we ousrht to do justice.
An appropriation promptly made for this purpose,
could not fai 1 to exeit a favorable influence on our
negotiations with Spain.
Our position m relation to the independent States
south of us on this continent, and especially those
within the limits of North America, is of a pecu-
liar character. The northern boundary of Mex-
ico is coincident with our own southern boundary
from ocean to ocean; and we must necessarily
feci a deep interest m all that concerns the well-
being and the fate of so near a neighbor. We
; have always cherished the kindest wishes for the
I success of that Republic, and have indulged the
. hope that it might at last, after all its trials, enjoy
: peace and prosperity under a free and stable Gov-
i ernment. We have never hitherto interfered, di-
rectly or indirectly, with its internal affairs, and
; it is a duty which we owe to ourselves, to pro-
tect the integrity of its territory against the hostile
interference of any other Power. Our geograph-
ical position, our direct interest in all that con-
cerns Mexico, and our well-settled policy in re-
gard to the North American continent, render this
an indispensable duty.
Mexico has been in a state of constant revolu-
tion almost ever since it achieved its independ-
ence', One military leader after another has
; usurped the Government in rapid succession; and
! the various constitutions from time to time adop-
■ ted, have been set at naught almost as soon as
, they were proclaimed. The successive govern-
ments have afforded no adequate protection,either
i to Mexican citizens or foreign residents, against
; lawless violence. Heretofore, a seizure of the
. capital by a military chieftain, has been generally
! followed by at least the nominal submission of
i the country to his rule for a brief period; but not
i so at the present crisis of Mexican affairs. A
i civil war has been iagmg for some time through-
1 out the Republic, between the central Government
1 at the city of Mexico, which has endeavored to
, subvert the constitution last framed, by military
power, and those who maintain the authority of
! iliit constitution. -The antagonist parties each
: hold possesion of diiferent States of the Republic,
, and the fortunes of the war are constantly chang-
ing- Meanwhile, the most reprehensible means
, have been employed by both parties to extort
' money from foreigners, as well as natives, to
i carry on this ruinous contest. The truth is, that
this fine country, blessed with a productive soil
; and a benign climate, has been reduced by civil
' dissension to a condition of almost hopeless an-
| archy and imbecility. It would be v^n for this
1 Government to attempt to enforce pefymcnt in
■ money of the claims of American citizens, now
1 amounting to more than ten million dollars,
1 against Mexu-o, because she is destitute of all
: pecuniary means to satisfytheae demands.
Our late Minister was furnished with ample
: powers and instructions for the adjustment of all
' pending questions with the central Government of
Mexico, and he performed his duty with zeal and
: ability. The claims of our citizens, some of them
. arising out of the \ lolation of an express provis-
' inn of the ti eaty of Caudalupe Hidalgo, and others
i ft om <m*oss injuries to persons as well as prop-
erty, have remained unredressed and even utino-
i t1 ced. UemoiWmnfvs against these grievances
, have hren addressed without effect to that Gov-
ernment. Meantime, in various parts of thelle-
, public, ins'anees have been numerous of the mur-
: dor, imprisonment, and plunder of our citizens,
■ by different parties cUurmnicand exercising a local
; jiii isdiction; but the central Government, although
' repeated!)7 urged tinaem, have made no effort
either to punish the authors of these outrages or
| to prevent their recurrence. No American citi-
zen can now visit Mexico on lawful business,
! without imminent danger to his person and prop-
' erty. There is no adequate protection to either;
| and in tins respect our tieaty with that Republic
' is almost a dead letter.
| This state of affairs was brought to a crisis in
; Moy last, by the promulgation of a decree levy-
j mg a contribution pro uda upon all the capital in
i the Republic, between certain specified amounts,
: whether held by Mexicans or foreigners. Mr.
} Forsyth, regarding tins decree in the light of a
" foiccd loan," formally protested against its ap-
plication to his countiymen, and advised ihem
not to pay the contribution, but to suffer it to be
forcibly exacted. Acting upon this advice, an
Ameucan citizen refused to pay the contribution,
and Ins property was seized by armed men to
satisfy the amount. Not conte'nt with this, the
j Government proceeded still further, and issued a
deciee banishing him from the country. Our
Minister immediately notified them that if this
decree should be carried into execution he would
feel it to be his duty to adopt " the most decided
measures that belong to the powers and obliga-
