1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
627
Mr. BELL. No, sir.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The proposi-
tion to which the Senator from Ohio alludes wag
made in a different stage of the bill. Since that,
the Senate have added additional sections. The
Senator now proposes to strike thetn all out.
Mr. BELL. Besides, this is not a motion to
recommit.
Mr. PUGrll. I am not familiar with the rules.
Would it not be in-order at this stage to move to
strike out the enacting clause of the bill ? *
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it would when this amendment is disposed
of.
Mr. PIJGH. I move to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill.
Mr. SIMMONS. But my motion has prece-
dence ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Certainly.
Mr. SIMMONS. I call for the yeas and nays
on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 38, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Rates, Bell, Benjamin, Bright, Cameron,
Chesnut, Claik, Clay,Chn«man, Crittenden, David. Dixon,
Doolittle, Dmkee, Fessenden, Foot, Gieen, link', Hamlin,
Hammond, Houston, Hunter. Iveison, Johnson of Tennes-
see, Kennedy, Iunjr, Mason, Pearce, Rei(i,Rioe, Sebastian,
Shields, Simmons, Shdell, Stuait, Thompson of New Jer-
sey, Toombs, and Ward—38.
NAYS—Messrs, Allen, Bayard, Bigler,Broderick.Brown,
Chandler, Douglas, Fnch, Fitzpatnck, Foster, Gwin, Har-
lan, Jones, Polk, Pugh, Seward, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson,
and Yulee—20.
So the amendment was adopted. The bill, as
thus amended, is as follows:
Sec. 1. Beit enacted, 3"c., That it shall he the duty of the
Secretary of the Interior, upon the passage of tins act, by
advertising in two newspapers in each State, and in Hie
District 01 Columbia, for a period of eight months, to invite
separate proposal?; foi the construction and woiKing ofthiee
railroads Irom the valley of the Mississippi to the Pacific
ocean, within the termory and juiisdiction of the United
Slates ; one commencing at^ome suitable point on the west-
ern boundaiy of the State of Minnesota, running thence,
on what may appear the most eligible route, to Puget
Sound, in Washington Teiritory; one commencing at some
suitable point on the western boundary of the State of Mis-
souri or Iowa, thence, pursuing what may appeal to he the
most eligible route, within the thirty-fourth and forty-thud
parallels of noith latitude, to San Fiariei-eo or Benieid, m
the State of California; one commencing at some suitable
point on the westei n boundary of the Stat" of Arkansas or
Texas, thence pursuing what may appear to be the most eli-
gible route to San Fiancisco, in the State of California; the
said railways to be constructed tn a substantial and woik-
manlike manner, with necessary diams, culverts, limine^,
viaducts, crossing*, turnouts, sidings, station-!, watering-
place*, and all othei appintenancee, incJuuingthe fumiuue
and rolling works or stock, equal m all respects to a lust-
class laihoad when ptepaied foi biu-ines?, with iads oi the
best quality, weighing not less than sixty-fom pound:-to the
yaid, and a uniform gauge i and such udvenisemenr '•hall
furthei set forth that "the pcison, or association of persons,
or companj', making sucii piopo&uls, shall state, as distinctly
as may be, the points selected as the ea-tern and w^tein
teiniini of the road lie oi they piopo^e to c«instruct, and the
line or loute selected as the most eligible on whien to con-
struct it, reserving the pnvilciic of niakim: such deilectmns
or departures fioni u as may be found, in the pioL're-v ol the
%vork, to offer gteater laciiuiosand advantage- ; and that l.e
or they shall «pecitv ti'e tetins and condition? on which he
or they piopose to con-truel the load, chie^-ified as tollow.-:
First. The tune within which this load is to be com-
menced and completed.
Second. The amount, or extent and description, of the
aid*?, facilities, and privilege*?, which will be expected or ie-
qmred fiom the Government, whether consisting ot land*
or money, or both; and. if in part of money, whethct m the
shape of a loan or othei wise : and, if u loan, when and how
to be lefunded.
Thud. The late ofchaige, respectively. for convej ing the
mail weekly. semi-weekly, tri weekh,, and daih, when (he
road w completed, and ibe rate per mile for such prutnm^
oi divisions of the load as may be completed and m u-e he-
foie the completion ol the whole; and the la'e or cluuge
on aj,1 tise nnhtaiy ami naval supplier, troops, munitions of
war of all kinds, loi the transportation oftne same on said
road thioushout the entire line, when completed, and on
any less ponion or -eetum of the same, as the wtinu oi the
Government mav lequne.
Fourth, The tmieoi period beyond the completion of tlie
load at which tbepartj oi parties to any such proposals will
Murendci taid io;id, with rdl its equipments and appoint
ments, to the United States, should tlK Government d<*-ue
sucli suireiuler; w Ik tber alter twenly, foity. oi s.xty y.-ur*
of exclusive (lo-es-ion and enjo} ineni; and. il any gi eater
period than twenty vea.s i^ p'opn-ed, at what reduced
amount of aid and laeiufv will be ie«|Uire,l fioni the Cov-
emmeiit m coiwdeiation of such exien io>i to foity or sixty
years, respectively, the prutv or paisies to eurh proposal*
will undertake to eousliuct the road ; and what reduction
of charges foi eonve\ nig the mails and tianspoituig military
and naval supplies troops, and munition* of w ai of ah
kinds will be made m con-uleiat.on of sueh extension
Fifth. Theginrantees ptopo&cd for the r.uthful execution
of anv conn act winch may be enteied into with the United
States tot the conjunction of the load, and agam-t exces-
sive faie foi the uaiispoitation of passengcis, and exoibi-
tant chaiges for carmng freight of any description.
Sec. 2. Jind he it further enacted, That the Seeietaiy of
the Interior shall cause it to be further set forth in said ad-
vertisement, that the party or parties to proposals for the
contemplated central and southern railroads shall make
separate proposals for the construction of said road? from
the eastern termini to some suitable point on the eastern
boundary of the State of California; or, in respect to the
southern road, to some suitable point on the southern
boundary of the State of California.
Sec.3. Jindbeit further enacted, That all proposals shall
be sealed, and addressed to the Secretary of the Interior,
who shall, previously to the commencement of the first
regular session of the next Congress, open the same in the
presence of the other heads of Departments, and shall trans-
mit copies of the same to the two Houses of Congress as
soon as organized, the originals to remain on file in the
Department of the Interior.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of 
dollais be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, oat of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appiopriated, to en-
able the Secretary of the Interior to carry the provisions of
this act into effect.
Mr. PUGH. We have now undone all our
work for the last six weeks, and I think wc might
as well make an end of it. This bill amounts to
nothing in its piesent shape. Wc have undone
all that we did before. I move to strike out the
enacting clause of the bill.
Mr. GWliST. I am very much disposed to
agree with the Senator from Ohio. It amounts to
nothing; but little as it is, I am sorry to say, it is
about as much as I expect to get frojn the Con-
gress of the United States.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion.
Mr. PUGH. It is suggested that the Senate is
ready to take the vote on the engrossment of the
bill. If so, 1 am willing to withdraw my motion;
but I do not want the debate to run on upon par-
ticulars, when we undo all that we, have previ-
ously done. If there be no debate, I will with-
draw my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on ordering the bill to be engrossed, and read a
third time.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. On that question, I wish
to say a word. I have taken no part in the de-
bate on this bill or on any of the amendments
\ which have been offered to it. Indeed, I have
I voted very frequently without understanding pre-
I cisely the effect that would be produced oil the
! bill by my vote. I wish now on'y to say that I
| consider a railroad to connect California with the
j Atlantic States as a thing very much to be desired,
I and to be accomplished at as early a period as we
| can properly do it. I hope for nothing from this
t bill; nor have I expected anything from it in any
' of the forms it has assumed; and it. is very obvi-
i ous to me that a work of this character under-
taken now, in the present condition of the coun-
f try, will he unprofitable in its results. I therefore
I iuuo no expectation that at this time the capital-
i ists of the country will contribute one dollar to-
; wards the accomplishment of such a work; and
; the whole burden must come upon the United
i States. That, however, would not deter me from
undertaking the work. I think there is a national
consultation, a national necessity, that makes it
i our duty to accomplish"" it as soon as we can, if
; wc want to retain hi their present union all the
j remote and distant portions of this Republic It
: is a necessary bond of union. Reasons of a po-
| htical character, independent of all others, demand
that wc should do this thing, and I am for obcy-
| ing that demand. I do not know whether we
were wise or not when we determined to acquire
j territory on the Pacific ocean; but when we de-
j termined to be a great nation, and to extend our
: possessions there, we undertook at the same time
1 to make all proper communications and means of
j intercommunication between the paits, so that
j they might mutually be tributary to each other's
! defense and piospeniy. Wo have incurred this
obligation, and I am ready to fulfill it at any time
■ that we properly can. I think this is a veiy un-
! seasonable time. I think this bill will prove ut-
^ terly ineffectual and inoperative in its present
! form,or in any form which it may assume at this
: session. It piovides for contracting; it directs
: that the President shall contract 
i Mr. GWIN. Oh, that is all stricken out.
! Mr. CRITTENDEN. It directs that the Presi-
! dent shall contract 
j Mr. BELL. No, sir; it does not.
j Mr. BENJAMIN. If the Senator from Kcn-
j tucky will permit me, I will say, that the bill now
; provides, by legislation, that anybody who wants
! to build the road shall have power to make a
'■ proposition to Congress—I chink that is all.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, sir, I-do not want
any such thing as that; because, if the. money is
to go from the public Treasury, I do not want'a
mere proposal to handle this money.
Mr. BELL. There is no pledge <5f a dollar.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Well, then, what do
you want a bidder for ? What do you want of a
proposal ? It is more of a sham than I supposed.
It was a sham originally, and now it is confess-
edly a sham. You advertise for bids and propo-
sals, and you wantnobody to propose; and when
anybody cloes propose, you have nobody to con-
tract with htm or say a word about it. What a
dumb and ineffectual show is all this—a'piece of
j fanfaronade from beginning to end! When we
| undertake this work, let us do it with the power-
ful and strong hand of this Government; and
; when, at a proper time, I see any effort of that
| sort made, I shall be ready to lend what aid I can
I to the measure; but this thing of trilling, of be-
; ginning a great woik, and doing nothing, is calcu-
: luted to discouiagc the whole country in what
i they have hoped for and expectcd.
j Sir, I did not intend to make any argument on
i the subject, nor to provoke any discussion. I
I merely wished to say why I should now vote
! against this bill in any form which it is likely to
! assume at this session.
| Mr. GWIN. I believe there is a blank in this
; substitute which has not been filled yet.
1 The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
blank.
Mr. GWIN. When the proposition of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee was added to a bill that had
some vitality in it, it was looked upon as a matter
of small consequence with what sum the blank
might be filled; and the Senator from Wisconsin
proposed $2,000; but now, as this is to be every-
thing that is to be done by the Senate towards a
Pacific railroad during this session, I think we
ought to put in the blank enough at least to pay
for advertising for these various proposals, and I
I do not think §*"3,000 would do it. I suggest to
the friends of this measure that they fill the blank
with something that will enable the Secretary of
the Interior to pay for the advertisements that are
to be made.
While I am up, I wish to call the attention of
1 those real friends of a Pacific railroad, who voted
l for this amendment, to the glee they have created
| among those who are opposed to any road at all.
I wish them to bear in mmd, that those who are
opposed to a Pacific railroad, who have voted in
this amendment with their aid, never expect any
results from it at all. I hope, as there is a majority
i in the Senate in favor of a Pacific railroad, and as
! we have spent weeks in the discussion of this
! question, that we shall retrace our steps and agree
: upon a bill that will secure something like the
• commencement of this great work. This bill, in
. its present shape, is sending it over to a remote
I period.
I I hope that now, since it has got in this form,
| it will be recommitted to some committee within-
| structions to report a Pacific railroad bill upon
| something like the principles of the former bill,*
! and certainly that will be of more practical effect
' than the measure now before us. I must say that
i 1 have no hopes of any favorable results from this
! measure. With the best intentions on the part
of those who have voted for it to-day, who are
| really in favor of a Pacific railroad, I must say
i that! have the most gloomy forebodings, if this is
the only legislation we arc to have at this session.
! Mr. PESSENDEN. Mr. President, I wish to
! say a few words, not particularly in explanation
| of my vote, but with reference to the main ques-
' lion, although I do not intend to argue it, as I
\ have not from the beginning. I have been a very
i attentive listener'to the debates on .this subject,
/ and I believe there have been very few proposi-
tions made m connection with it on whicjx I have
not given my vote.
i I am in favor of the general proposition of hav-
! ing a Pacific railroad attempted, for the simple
1 reason that I believe tflfe public opinion of this
| country has been unmistakablycxprcsscd in favor
j of it. I use language advisedly. I say I am in
j favor of having it attempted; that is to say, of
! having a calm deliberation o? Congress, to see
■ whether the project is feasible or not; and if so,
; to attempt something that will afford at least an
i appearance of a probability of success.
i t have doubted from the beginning whether a
