1858.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cons....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Rbps.
tionsof the representative office/' Notwithstand-
ing this warning, the banishment was enforced;
and Mr. Forsyth promptly announced to the
Government the suspension of the political rela-
tions of his legation with them, until the pleasure
of his own Government should be ascertained.
This Government did not regard the contribu-
tion imposed by the decree of the 15th May last
to be in strictness a " forced loan," arid as such
prohibited by. the tenth article of the treaty of
182G between Great Britain and Mexico, to the
benefits of which American citizens are entitled
by treaty; yet the imposition of the contribution
upon foreigners was considered an unjust and
oppressive measure. Besides, internal factions
in other parts of the Republic were at the same
lime levying similar exactions upon the pro^rty
ot our citizens, and interrupting their commerce.
There had been an entire failure, on the part of
our Minister, to secure redress for the wrongs
which our citizens had endured, notwithstanding
3ns persevering efforts. And from the temper
manifested by the Mexican Government, he had
repeatedly assured us that no favorable change
could be expected, until the United States should
s< give striking evidence of their will and power to
protect their citizens, "and that " severe chasten-
ing is the only eaithiy remedy for our grievances.'5
From this statement of facts, it would have been
worse than idle to direct Mr. Forsyth to retrace
his steps and resume diplomatic relations with
that Government: and it was, therefore, deemed
proper to sanction his withdrawal of the legation
from the city of Mexico.
Abundant muse now undoubtedly exists for a
resort to hostilities against the Government still
holding possession of. the capital. Should they
succeed in subduing the constitutional forces, all
reasonable hope will then have expired of a peace-
ful settlement of our difficulties.
On the other, hand, should the constitutional
paity prev/ul, and then authority be established
over the Republic, there is reason to hope that
they will be animated by a less unfriendly spirit,
and may grant that redress to American citizens
which justice requires, so far as they may pos-
sess the means. But for this expectation, I should
at once have recommended to Congress to grant
tlje necessary power to the President to take pos-
session of a sufficient portion of the i emote and
unsettled territory of Mexico, to be held in pledge
until our injuries shall be redressed and our just
demands be satisfied. We have already exhausted
every milder means of obtaining justice. In such
a case, this remedy of reprisals is recognized by
the lav/ of nations not only as just in itself, but
as a means of preventing actual war.
But there is another view of our relations with
Mexico, arising from-the unhappy condition of
affairs along our southwestern frontier, which
demands immediate action. In that remote re-
gion, where there are but few wlute inhabitants,
large bands of hostile and predatory Indians roam
piomiscuously over the Mexican Stall s of Chi-
huahua and Sonora and our ad joining Tern rones.
The local governments of those States aie perfectly
helpless, and are kept in a state of constant alarm
by the Indiana. The}'have not the power, if they
possessed the will, even to restrain lawless^Mex-
irans from passing the border and commit,ung
depredations on our remote settlers. A slate of
anarchy and violence pievails throughout that
distant frontier. The laws are a dead letter,and
life and property are wholly insecure. For this
reason the settlement of Arizona is an ested, whilst
it is of great importance that a chain of inhabit-
ants should extend all along its southern border,
sufficient for their own protection and that of the
United States mail passing to and from Califor-
nia. Well-founded apprehensions arc now en-
tertained that the Indians, and wandering Mexi-
cans equally lawless, may break up the important
stage and pfistal communication recently estab-
lished between our Atlantic and Pacific posses-
sions. This passes very near to the Mexican
boundary, throughout the whole length of Ari-
zona. I can imagine no possible remedy for these
evils, and no mode of restoring law and order on
that remote and unsettled fiontier, but for the
Government of the United States to assume a tem-
porary protectorate over the northern portions of
Chihuahua and Sonora, and to establish military
posts within the samej and this I earnestly rec-
ommend to Congress. This protection may be
withdrawn as soon as local governments shall
be established in those Mexican States capable
of performing their duties to the United States, re-
straining the lawless, and preserving peace along
the border.
I do not doubt that this measure will be viewed
in a friendly spirit by the governments and peo-
ple of Chihuahua and Sonora, as it will prove
equally effectual for the protection of their citi-
zens on that remote and lawless frontier, as for
citizens of the United States.
And, in this connection, permit me to recall
your attention to the condition of Arizona. The
population of that Territory, numbering, as is
alleged, more than ten thousand souls, are prac-
tically without a government, without laws, and
without any regular administration of justice.
Murder and other crimes aie committed with im-
punity. This state of things calls loudly for re-
dress, and I therefore repeat my recommendation
for the establishment of a territorial government
i over Arizona.
I The political condition of the narrow isthmus
of Central America through which transit routes
pass, between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans,
presents a subject of deep interest to all commer-
cial nations. It is over these transits that a large
proportion of the trade and travel between the Eu-
ropean and Asiatic continent, is destined to pass.
To the United States these routes are of incalcu-
lable importance as a means of communication
between their Atlantic and Pacific possessions,
j The latter now extend throughout seventeen de-
grees of latitude on the Pacific coast, embracing
the important State of California and the nour-
ishing Territories of Oregon and Washington.
All commercial nations, therefore, have a deep
and direct interest that these communications
shall he lendered secuiefrom interruption. If an
arm of the"sea, connecting the two oceans, pene-
trated through Nicaragua and Costa Rica, itcould
not bo pretended that these States would have the
right to arrest or retard its navigation, to the in-
jury of other nations. The transit by land over
this nanow isthmus occupies nearly the same
position. It is a highway in which they them-
selves have little interest, when compared with
the vast interest of the rest of the world. Whilst
their rights of sovereignty ought to be respected,
it is the duty of other nations to require that this
important passage shall not be mteriuptcd by the
civil wars and revolutionary outbreaks which have
so frequently occurred in that region. The stake
is too important to be left at the mercy of rival
companies claiming to hold®nfhcting contracts
with Nicaragua. The commerce of other nations
is not to stand still and await the adjustment of
such petty controversies. The Government of
the United States expect no more than this, and
they will not be satisfied with less. They would
not, if they could, derive any advantage from the
Nicaragua transit not common to the rest of the
world. Its neutrality and protection, for the com-
mon use of all nations, is their only object. They
have no objection that Nicaragua shall demand
and receivc a fair compensation from the compa-
nies and individuals who may traverse the loutc;
but they insist that it shall never hereafter be
closed by an arbitrary decree of that Government.
If disputes arise between it and those with whom
they may have entered into contracts, these must
be adjusted by some fair tribunal piovided for the
purpose, and the route must not be closed pending
the contiovarsy. Tins is our whole policy, and
it cannotfad to be acceptable to other nations.
All these difficulties might be avoided, if, con-
sistently with the good faith of Nicaragua, the
use of this transit could be thrown open to g'-n-
I oral competition; providing, at the same time, lor
the payment of a reasonable i;ate to the Nicara-
guan Government on passengers and freight.
In August, lSo"2, the Accessory Transit Com-
pany made its fust inter-oceamc tup over th<>
Nicaragua!! route, and continued m succceeful
operation, v/iih great advantage to the public,
until the 13th Febuiary, 1856, when it was closed,
and the grant to this company, as well as its char-
ter, were summarily and arbitrarily revoked by
the Government of President Puvas. Previous to
this date, however, in 1854, serious disputes con-
cerning the settlement of their accounts had arisen
between the company and -theGpvernmentj threat-
ening the interruption of the route atanymQ^eftj;.
These the United States in vain endeavored#
compose. It would be useless to narrate ti&t&r
rious proceedings which took place betw^efrf thfe
parties up till the time when the transit was;dis-
conthruea. Suffice it to say, that since February:*
1856, it has remained closed, greatly to the- prej-
udice of citizens of the United States. Since that
time the competition has ceased between the rival
routes of Panama and Nicaragua; and, in con-
sequence thereof, an unjust and. unreasonable
amount has been exacted from our citizens- for
their passage to and from California.
A treaty was signed on the 16th day of Novem-
ber, 1857, by the Secretary of State and Minister
of Nicaragua, under the stipulations of which the
use and protection of the transit route would have
been secured, not only to the United States, but
equally to all other nations. How and on what
pretexts this treaty has failed to receive the rati-
fication of the Nicaraguan Government, will ap-
pear by the'papers herewith communicated from
the State Department. The principal objection
seems to have been to the provision authorizing
the United States to employ force to keep the
route open, in case Nicaragua should fail to per-
form her duty in this respect. From the feeble-
ness of that Republic, its frequent changes of gov-
ernment, and its constant internal dissension^,
this had become a most importantstipulation,and
one essentially nccessary not only forth^security*
of the route, but for the safety of American citi-
zens passing and repassing to and from our Pa-
cific possessions. Were such a stipulation em-
braced m a treaty between the United States and
Nicaragua, the knowledge of this fact would of
itself most probably prevent hostile parties from
committing aggressions on the route, and render
our actual interference for its protection unneces-
sary.
The executive government of this country, in
its intercourse with foreign nations, is limited to
the employment of diplomacy alone. When this
fails, it can proceed no further. It cannot legit-
imately resort to force, without the direct author-
ity of Congress, except in resisting and repelling
hostile, attacks. It would have no q*ithority to
enter the territories of Nicaragua, even to pre-
vent the destruction of the transit, and protect
the lives and property of our own citizens on
their passage. It is true, that on a sudden emer-
gency of this character, the President would di-
rect any armed force in the vicinity to march to
their relief; but in doing this he would act upon
his own responsibility.
Under these circumstances, I earnestly recom-
mend to Congress the passage of an act author-
izing the President, under such restrictions as
they may deem proper, to employ the land and
naval forces of the United States in preventing
the transit from being obstructed or closed by
lawless violence, and in protecting the lives and
property of American citizens traveling thereupon,
requiring at the same time that these forces shall
be withdrawn the moment the danger shall have
passed away. Without such a provision, our
citizens will be constantly exposed to interruption
in their progress, and to lawless violence.
A similar necessity exists for the passage of
such an act, for the protection of the Panama and
Tehuantepec routes.
Iu reference to the Panama route, the United
States, by their existing treaty with New Gran-
ada, expressly guaranty the neutrality of the isth-
mus, " with the view that the free transit from
the one to the other sea may not be interrupted
or embarrassed in any future time while this treaty-
exists."
In regard to the Tehuantepec route, which has
been recently opened under the most favorable
auspices, our treaty with Mexico of the 30th De-
cember, 1853, secures to the citizens of the United
States tx right of transit over it for their persons
and merchandise, and stipulates that neither Gov-
ernment shall " interpose any obstacle" thereto.
It also concedes to the United States the i( right
to transport across the isthmus, in closed bags^
the mails of the United States not intended for
distribution along the line of the communication;
also, the eitects of the United States Government
