628
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27,
railroad to the Pacific ocean could be made in any
manner or by any power except the General
Government itself, and if it is to-be made in that
way, by the General Government with Govern-
ment funds, and that is the only mode, it is very
clear that we have hardly taken the first step to-
wards the commencement of the work. That
would imply a great national enterprise. It would
imply a vastroutlay of the money of the Govern-
ment, and it would, necessarily include the idea,
before any operations were commenced, of a care-
ful scientific survey of the country, to determine
not only the proper termini, but to ascertain the
best route for a railroad through the territory ly-
• ing between our Atlantic border and the Pacific
ocean; and it would include a great many other
considerations—considerations which would call
the attention of the statesman us well as of the
piactica.1 scientific engineer, considerations of the
largest kind—before we undertook anything like
a commencement of the work.
Now, it is very plain that in the present state
of public opinion, this cannot be done. 1 safd
that I had doubted whether it could be done in
any other way; but I am not one of those who
are disposed" to set up his own judgment against
the judgment of the great majority of those with
whom he acts. It has been the "expressed opinion
of Senators around me, and of the majority of
them, that the railroad can be built in another
way. Very well, sir; I was willing to try it, and
to make the experiment -whether a bill could be
framed which afforded a probability of success
in any particular direction or under any chcum-
stances that would be likely to be agreed upon
here. If a bill of that sort should be framed, al-
though I might doubt whether it would effect any
purpose, I should be willing to make the experi-
ment, pass it, and see whether we could receive
any offers under it; whether any arrangement
would be likely to be niaue under it which would
be satisfactory to Congress, and that would pre-
sent to us a probability of success. I will venture
to say, from my own judgment and observation
here, that there are not half a dozen men on this
floor who believe that if this bill was passed by
Congiess to-day that it would be possible to build
a Pacific laihoad under it.
Mr. BELL. Which bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill as it was before
the last amendment. I may be mistaken; but
such is my belieffroin whutl have witnessed here
in reference to the matter Other considotations
than the mere idea of building a Pacific railroad
have entered, in my judgment, into the votes of
many gentlemen on this floor; but it may bepos-
* sible that there are a larger number than I sup-
pose who really believe that the bill, in the shape
in which it. was before we made the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Tennessee, would
actually be an effective bill for the pui pose. I was
not one of them; but, although not one of them,
I was willing to take it as an experiment, if the
bill should be amended m one important particu-
lar, with the view to obtain offers and see what
the state of things was, piovided it came back to
•Congress for its action afteiwarJs, retaining the
whole matter within our own control.
I doubted whether it would amountto anything,
simply for the reason that it afforded no sort of
guaiantee for the completion of what is called the
middle division of the road. The idea that a por-
tion of the lands donated at this, and the other
end of the road, would be retained as a guarantee
for tho completion of one thousand miles of rail-
way through the desert, m my judgment is the
weakest of all considerations tfiat could be ad-
duced, to make out the fact that we should have
adequate security for completing the whole work.
I therefore considered the bill, as it stood, simply
as providing a mode by winch somebody could
make a contract for budding five hundred miles
of railway at this end of the road, pocket the
money, pocket the proceeds of the lands, and stop
there. That was my view of it; but still I was
willing even then, as gentlemen wore anxious to
have a Pacific railroad bill of some kind passed,
that it should go out by way of experiment—not
for an executed contr4c*~- to remain subject to our
levision.
But, sir, the difficulty in my mind, from the be-
ginning, was that the bill fixed nothing but she
termini; itfixed no route, and I was perfectly well
satisfied, fiom my own examination, before I
heard the debate on the subject, that, if the bill
was passed as it was first drawn, with the ter-
mini fixed and the route unsettled, we should
have what I may call, without specifying further,
a mere sectional road, and no other; and one that
would not be calculated to effect any purpose, 01*
the purposes of the whole country. Therefore I
was in favor of the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] re-
stricting the route within certain parallels of lati-
tude, as proposed to be amended by the Senator
from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] and that fail-
ing, I would have taken the amendmentas origin-
ally proposed by the Senator from Massachusetts,
which provided substantially that the road, the
termini being fixed, should also, be fixed in its
course between certain parallels of latitude, which
would have carried it over what was called the
central route, and would have afforded something
like an appearance of fairness with reference to
its course and construction
But, sir, that amendment was rejected, and the
resul t is that the whole matter was left to the Exec-
utive to make a contract for a road from one of
these termini to the other, from the terminus on the
east to the terminus on the west, by such a route
as he chose to make the contract for. Gentle-
men may argue that this objection is obviated by
the fact that when that contract shall be made,
under the bill as it stands, it is to come back to
Congress, and it will be for Congress to act upon.
In my judgment that is n'o answer at all. It af-
fords no substantial protection. Let the contract
be made, and let the route be ever so sectional, so
that you can engage all the power of a powerful
section in it; make it satisfactory m that qu.irter,
and then add the power ot the Executive with the
millions of dollars that will be involved in the con-
tract, and I should have no hope of interfenng
by the power of Congress; for I have seen what
those three things united could do m other cases.
The result was, therefore, m my mind, that I
would vote for no bill of any kind or description
which left it to the present Executive of tl|o United
States to make a contract involving millions of
dollars, even if it were to be sent back to Con-
gress. You must strike that out of the original bill
or I cannot vote for it at all. I, therefore, made
up my mind, although favorable to a Pacific rail-
road, to vote against the bill as it stood; conse-
quently when the Senator from Tennessee pro-
posed his amendment which has sense and mean-
ing in it, as far it does go, I was willing to take
it as a substitute for the bill, for the simple reason
that I should vote against the bill as the matter
stood before.
I will add, before sitting down, that with my
igmal idea on the subject, that if a Pacific rail-
ail was to be built, it should be built by the
(Jeneial Government with the funds of the Gov-
ernment, and ought to'be undertaken, as all such
works should be, undcrstandmgly, with a thor-
ough knowledge of what we weie about to do,
with a sense upon us of the great consequence of
the undertaking, and of what was involved m it,
I was in favor of the first section, with some al-
terations, of the amendment suggested in a bill
proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cameron,] providing for a survey. I was will-
ing to incur the expense of it; to make a survey,
under the auspices of the Government, of the
whole country, and a location of the proper route,
and let Congress decide then whether they would
.. undertake the load; but that was not proposed,
jj T might have avoided this explanation, per-
il haps; but I was unwilling, with reference to my
' own scction of the country, to withhold my opin-
ion of the bill as it stood, and of the important
provision 1n.1t to which I have referred, and which
forms an objection insurmountable m my own
mind. Sir, I would vote for no raihoud bill what-
ever, which left to the Executive,power to con-
tract, even although it came back to Congress;
when it would return supported and sustained by
all the power of the Executive, and necessarily
involving the large expenditure of money con-
nected with the proposed undertaking.
Now, sir, with these few words, 1 leave the sub-
ject. 1 shall not apologize for my vote for the
amendment of the honorable Senator from Ten-
nessee, for I am perfectly Willing that we should
make an offer to everybody to inform us on what
terms they will contract to build a road, and then :■
take these terms into consideration. it
Mr. GVVIK. I move to recommit this bill to
a select committee of thirteen members, to see if
we cannot make something out of it. I think the
Senate have givven an indication that they want
thr§e roads. If so, a select committee of the mem-
bers of this body who are in favor of a Pacific
railroad, could probably devise a plan that would
produce more effect than the present bill, in my
judgment, does; and therefore 1 make that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
regard the votes which have boon taken as an
indicf^ion in favor of three roads at all, as the
Senator from California does. The proposition
for three roads has been repeatedly voted down
in the Senate. I regard the bill, in its present
form, as nothing more nor less than an intimation
of the Senate that they moan to do nothing. It
amounts to that. The enemies of a Pacific rail-
road have adopted this measure, not its friends;
and the measure seems to have encountered tho
ridicule of a want of seriousness, and Senators
assume that nobody is for this project; that it is
got up for some ulterior object. That is one of
the most effective ways in the world of destroy- ,
ing a good measure. I take it for granted that
the gentlemen who have been voting for these
various bills are serious, and think a railroad can
be built to the Pacific ocean. I have no doubt
about it. Why, sir, we have built in the State
of Illinois, without Government aid, railroads
enough in the last eight years to reach the Pacific
ocenn fiom the roads that are now constructed.
We have two thousand miles of railroad in Illi-
nois, built without a dollar of public aid, besides
the Central railroad?
Mf. TOOMBS. No land?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No land. There was a
grant to one road, the Central, but we have two
thousand other miles of railroad built by private
enterprise. Itis to me astrangeideathatthisgreat
country, this great Government, cannot build a
railway across the continent to connect our pos-
sessions, when the roads are already built half
way by private enterprise.
Although the bill, as it stood before the last
amendment was made, did not, in every point of
view, meet my approbation, J was prepared to
vote for it; and by way of obtaining a vote on
that proposition substantially, I will move instruc-
tions, as 1 suppose it is competent for me to do,
under the motion made by the Senator from Cal-
ifornia, who moves to recommit the bill. I move
to amend his motion so as to instruct the commit-
tee to report to the Senate the bill we have had
under consideration, with a very slight alteration.
I do not recollect all the amendments that we put
upon that bill. One was an amendment offered
by the Senator from Wisconsin, subjecting all the
lands to sale at $2 50 an acre to the actual settler;
I have incorpoiuted that. I have just taken the
printed bill as it was printed by order of the Sen-
ate on the 18th of January, and annexed to it this
amendment requiring the lands to be sold at ^2 of)
an acre, which, I believe, includes all the amend-
ments—except one which was offered by my col-
league and was adopted, which I had not before
me. If this motion shall prevail, that can be
added afterwards, I suppose, it the Senate think
proper to add it. I have made one other alteration
in the first section of the bill, to remedy the diffi-
culty of my fuend from Maine. I have added
to the first section of the bill these words: " be-
tween the parallels of 3G°and 43° of north lat-
itude," so as to commence the road between the
mouths of the Dig Sioux and Kansas rivers, and
go to San Francisco betweeq the thirty-sixth and
forty-third parallels of latitude. I offer this as
an mstiuction to the committee to accompany the
motion of the Senator from California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Illinois pioposes to amend the motion of
the* Senator from California by adding the in-
structions indicated by him. The question is
upon that amendment. '
Mr. WILSON. I think, Mr. President, that
some of the friends of a Pacific railroad are un-
necessarily excited and alarmed at the adoption
of the proposition which has been agreed to by
the Senate. I voted against it, and should have
voted for the original bill as it was amended, be-
fore it assumed its present shape; but I am fiee
to say that 1 believe this proposition a better prop-
osition than the original bill as amended. This
is a proposition that the Government of this coun-
