1858.] •
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Rbps.
No statesman would advise that we should go
on increasing the national debt to meet the ordi-
nary expenses of the Government. This would
be a most ruinous policy. In case of war, our
credit must be our chicf resource, at least for the
first year, and this would be greatly impaired by
having contracted a large debt in time of peace.
It is our true poiicy to increase our revenue so
as to equal our expenditures. It would be ruin-
ous to continue to borrow. Besides, it may be
proper to observe that the incidental protection
thus afforded by a revenue tariff, would at the
present moment, to some extent, increase the
confidence of the manufacturing interests, and
give a fresh impulse to our reviving business. To
this, surely, no person will object. ♦
In regard to the mode of assessing and collect-
ing duties under a strictly revenue tariff, I liave
long entertained and often expressed the opinion,
that sound policy lequires this should be done by
specific duties, in cases to which these can be
properly applied. They are well adapted to com-
modities which are-usually sold by weight or by
measure, and which, from their nature, are of
equal or of nearly equal value. Such,for exam-
ple, are the articles of iron of different classes,
raw sugar, and foreign wines and spirits.
In my deliberate judgment, specific duties are
the best, if not the only means of securing the
revenue against false and fradulent invoices; and
such has been the practice adopted for this pur-
pose by other commercial nations. Besides, spe-
cific duties would afford to the American manu-
facturer the incidental advantages to which he is
fairly entitled under a revenue tariff. The pres-
ent system is a sliding scale to his disadvantage.
Under it, when prices are high and business pros-
perous, the duties rise in amount when he least
requires their aid. the contrary, when puces
fall, and he is struggling against adversity, the
duties are diminished m the same proportion,
greatly to his injury.
JNeither would there bo danger that a higher
rate of duty than that intended by Congress could
be levied in the form of specific duties. It would
be easy to ascertain the average value of any im-
ported article lor a eenes of years; and, instead
of subjecting it to an ad valorem duty at a certain
rate per centum, to substitute in its place an equiv-
alent specific duty.
By such an arrangement the consumer would
not be injured. It is true, he might have to pay
a little more duty on a given article in one yeai;
but if so, he would pay a liitli-j less in another,
and in a series of years these would counterbal-
ance each other, and amount to the same duns',
so far as his interest is concerned. This incon-
venience would be trifling when contrasted with
the additional security thus afforded against frauds
upon the revenue, m which every consumer is
directly interested.
I have thrown out these suggestions as the fruit
of my own observation, to which Congress, in
their better judgment, will give such weight as
they may justly deserve.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury
will explain in deiail the operations of that De-
portment of the Government. The receipts into
the Treasury from all sources during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 3858, including the
Treasury notes authorized by the act of De-
cember 23, 1857, were seventy million two hun-
dred and seventy-three thousand eight hundred
and sixty-nine dollars and fifty-nine cents,
($70,273,809 59,) which amount, with the bal-
ance of seventeen million seven hundred and ten
thousand one hundred and fourteen dollars and
twenty-seven cents ($17,710,114 27) remaining in
the Treasury at the commencement of the year,
made an aggregate for the scrviee of the year of
eighty*seven million nine hundred and eighty-
three thousand nine hundred and eighty-thice
dollars and eighty-six cenu*, ($8^,983,983^6.)
The public expenditures during the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1S58, amounted to eighty-one
million five hundred and eighty-five thousand six
hundred and sixty-seven dollars and seventy-six
cents, ($81,585,6(37 76,) of which nine million six
hundred and e'ghty-four thousand five hundred
and thirty-seven dollars and ninety-nine cents
($9,684,537 99) were applied to the payment of
tilie public debt, and the redemption of Treasury
notes with the interest thereon; leaving in the
Treasury on July 1, 1858, being the commence-
ment of the present fiscal year, six million three
hundred and ninety-eight thousand three hundred
and sixteen dollars and ten cents, ($6,398,316 10.)
The receipts into the Treasury during the first
quarter of the present fiscal year, commencing
the 1st July, 1858, including one half of the loan
of $20,000,000, with the premium upon it, author-
ized by the act of 14th June, 1858, were twenty-
five million two hundred and thirty thousand
eight hundred and seventy-nine dollars and forty-
six cents, (§25,230,879 46;) and the estimated re-
ceipts for the remaining three quarters to the 30th
June, 1859, from ordinary sources, are thirty-
eight million five hundred thousand dollars,
($38,500,000,) making, with the balance before
stated, an aggregate of seventy million one
hundred and twenty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and ninety-five dollars and fifty-six cents,
(§70,129,195 56.)
The expenditures during the first quarter or the
present fiscal year, were twenty-one million seven
hundred and eightthonsand one hundred and nine-
ty-eight dollars and fifty-one cents, (#21,703,193
51:) of which one million ten thousand one
hundred and forly-two dollars and thirty-seven
cents (§1,010,142 37) \terc applied to the payment
of the public debt and the redemption of Treas-
ury notes and the interest thereon. The esti-
mated expenditures, during the remaining tlnee
quarteis to 30th June, 1859, aie fifty-two million
throe hundied and fifty-seven thousand six hun-
dred and ninetv-eight dollars and forty-eight
cents, (^52,357,098 48,) making an aggregate of
seventy-four million Sixty-five thousand eight
hundred and ninety-six dollars and ninety-nine
cents,(§74,065,896 99;) being an excess ofexpend-
ltuie beyond the estimated receipts into the Treas-
ury from oidmary sources, during the fiscal year
to the 30th Juno, 1559, of three million nine hun-
dred and thuiy-six thousand seven hundied and
one dollars and forty-three cents, ($3JT30,701 43.)
Extraordinary means are placed by law withm
the command of the .Seeietary of the Treasury,
by the reissue of Treasmy notes redeemed, and
by negotiating the balance of the loan authonzed
by the act of 14th June, 1858, to the extent of
eleven million dollars; which, jf reabzed during
the present fiscal year, will leave a balance in
the Treasury, on the Jst day of July, 1859, of
seven million sixty-three thousand two hundied
and ninety-eight clolldis and fifty-seven cents,
(£7,063,298 5'/.)
The estimated receipts during the next fiscal
vear ending 39th June, 18G0, aie sixty-two mil-
lion dollars, ($62,000,000,) wWch, with the above
estimated balance of seven million sixty-three
thousand two hundred and ninety-eight dollars
and fifty-seven cents, ($7,063,298 57,) make an
aggregate for the service of the next fiscal year
of sixty-nine million sixty-throe thousand two
hundred and mm-ty-eight dollais and fifty-seven
cents, (^09,063,298 57.) The estimated expend-
itures during the next fiscal year ending the 30th
June, I860,are seventy-three million one hundred
and thirty-nine thousand one hundred and forty-
seven dollars and foi ty-sixcents,($73,139,147 46,)
which leave a deficit of estimated means, com-
pared with the estimated exnendituies for that
year, commencing on tSie 1st. July, le'59, of four
million and seventy-five thousand eight hundred
and foi'ty-ei<rbt dollars and eiurhty-iuue cents,
($4,075,848 89.)
In addition to this sum, the Postmaster General
will require from the Treasury, for the service of
the Post Office Department, three million eight
hundred and thirty-eight (housond seven hun-
dred and twenty-eight dollars, ($3,838,728,) as
explained m the report of the Secretary of the
Tieasury, which will increase the estimated de-
ficit on the 30th June, I860, to seven million nine
hundred and fourteen thousand five hundied
and seventy-six dollars and eighty-mne cents,
($7,934,570 89.) To provide for the payment of
this estimated deficiency, winch will be increased
by such appropriations as may be made by Con-
gress, not estimated for in the repoi t of the Treas-
ury Department, as well as to provide^ for the
gradual reds mption, from year to year, of the out-
standing Treasury notes, the Secretary of the
Treasury recommcnds such a revision of the pres-
ent tariff as will raise the requi^damount. .Afte^r
what I have already said, Frfeed scarcely $ddthat
I concur in the opinion expressed in his ^report-
that the public debt should not be increase4.|>y
an additional loan, and would therefore etrop^ly
urge upon Congress the duty of making;, sit, their
present session, the necessary provision for frfeejf
ing these liabilities.- 1 _\\\
The public debt on the 1st of July,'l£d8^tbe
commencement of the present fiscal year, .^ras
$25,155,977 66. ,
During the first quarter of the present year, the
sum of $10,000,000 has been negotiated of the
loan authorized by the act of 14th June, 1858;
making the present outstanding public debt, ex-
clusive of Treasury notes, $35,155,977 66. There
was on the 1st July, 1858, of Treasury notes is-
sued by authority of the act of December 23,1857,
unredeemed, the suin of% $19,754,800—making
the amount of actual indebtedness at that datej
$54,910,777 66. To this will be added |10,000,000
during the present fiscal year—this being the re-
maining half of the loan of $20,000,000 not yet
negotiated.
The rapid increase of the public debt, and the
necessity which exists for a modification of the
tariff, to meet even the ordinary expenses of the
Government, ought to admonish us all, in our re-
spective spheres of duty, to the practice of rigid
economy. The objects of expenditure should be
limited in number, as far as this may be practi-
cable, and the appropriations necessary to carry
them into effect ought to be disbutsed under the
strictest accountability. Enlightened economy
does not consist in the refusal to appropriate
money for constitutional puiposes, essential to
the defense, progress, and piospenty of the Re-
public, but m taking care that none of this money
shall be wasted by mismanagement, in its appli-
cation to the objects designated by law.
Comparisons between the annual expenditure
at the picsent time, and what it was ten or twen-
ty yeai s ago, aie altogether fallacious. The rapid
increase of our country in extent and population,
rendeis a corresponding increase of expenditure,
to some extent, unavoidable. This is constantly
creating new objects of expenditure, and aug-
menting the amount required for the old. The
true questions, then, are, have these objects been
unnecessarily multiplied? or, has the amount ex-
pended upon any or all of them been larger than
comports with due economy? In accordance with
these principles, the heads of the different Execu-
tive Departments of the Government have been
instructed to reduce their estimates for the next
fiscal year to the lowest standard consistent with
the efficiency of the service; and this duty they
have performed in a spirit of just economy. The
estimates of the Treasury, War, Navy, and In-
terior Departments, have each been in some de-
gree reduced; and unless a sudden and unforeseen
emergency should arise, it is not anticipated that
a deficiency will exist in either within the present
or the next fiscal year. The Post Office Depart-
ment is placed in a peculiar position, different
fiom the other Departments; and to this I shall
hereafter \ rfer.
I invite Congress to institute a rigid scrutiny
to ascettain whether the expenses in all the De-
partments cannot be still further reduced; and I
promise them all the aid m,my power in pursuing
the investigation.
I tiasismit herewith the reports made to me by
the Secretaues of War, of the Navy, of the Inte-
rior, and of the Postmaster Genera!. They each
contain valuable information and important rec-
ommendations, to which I invite the attention of
Congress.
In my last annual message I took occasion to
recommend the immediate construction of ten
small steameis, of light draught, for the purpose
of increasing the efficiency of the Navy. Con-
gress responded to the recommendation, by au-
thorizing the construction of eight of them. The
progress which has been made in executing this
authority is stated in the report of the Secretary
of the Navy. 1 concur with him in the opinion
that a greater number of this class of vessels is
necessary, for the purpose of protecting in a more
efficient manner the persons and property of
American citizens on the high seas, and in for-
eign countries, a.s well as in guarding more effect-
