680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBL.
January 27,
the injustice that would set me down as an enemy
to a road because I voted for this proposition; I
voted for it because I want to have theffeijlg come
up in'such a manner that I can vote as 1 have not
been able to vote this session, and that is, under-
gtandingly. With these views, and with these
purposes, I have given the votes I have thus far;
and, on this ground, I shall vote to the end.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, X am not
afraid that in voting for this bill as it now stands,
I shall be subjected to any imputations. It is
not necessary for me to repeat that I am in favor
of a railroad to the Pacific, nor to state in what
manner I am in favor of building it. I have already
said that, in my opinion, the best method is to build
it by the means of this Government, directly,
and keep it within our control. I think the honor-
able Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Crittenden,]
if he had heard the remarks which 1 made when
I offered the amendment to strike out all of the
bill after the enacting clause and insert a propo-
sition for proposals, would have appreciated the
motive of it. I said that, although X believed the
only practical mode of building the railroad was
by using the funds of the Government in an
old-fashioned national way, I was not going to
adhere so closely to my own views as not to allow
a trial of some other proposition, and that I was
willing to provide for receiving proposals, and
see what they would be. That is' what this bill
does in its present shape. If it is necessary for
me to give an opinion, my view is, that after
these proposals have come in, the friends of build-
ing a railroad by means of a private contract will
be satisfied that it is impracticable, and will come
back to the right ground, and build it by the na-
tional resources. That is what I believe will result
from it; and I do not believe they will be satisfied
in any other way than by first trying their favorite
method of building this road, by means of con-
tracts made by the Government with private cor-
porations. For that reason, X offered the propo-
sition, when I was satisfied that the bill, as it
stood, was such a bill as no friend of the railroad,
who was also a friend of his country, that is, a
friend of the Treasury, could vote for. X. do not
mean to say that gentlemen who support it do
not think this is the most economical way; but I
do not. For that reason, with the distinguished
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fkssenden,] I had
made up my mind to vote against the bill in that
shape. I was willing that the friends ofthe meas-
ure should try every means within their power
to make a bill that would suit the Senate; and
finally, when I saw that nothing would do, X
offered the proposition which has been adopted.
Now, the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trum-
juti.l] proposes to instruct the committee to report
the very bill which we have just stricken out by
a vote of two to one. I suppose that is in order,
and X have no objection to the question being
taken in that form; but I believe the Senator from
Kentucky will agree with me, that in order to
reconcile those friends of a Pacific railroad who
are for making a contract, to vote with us event-
ually, we must first let them see that their favor-
it® measure is impracticable. That can be done
in the recess, in my judgment. I agree with that
honorable Senator that we have placed ourselves
in such a condition that it is an imperious neces-
sity that we should connect these two branches
of our people together. It is due tothom, and due
to ourselves. The people of the country have
passed upon the measure, and demanded it at the
hands of Congress. Whether it be right or wrong,
that is public opinion; and I think it is a sound
public opinion.
I have great objections, as I have said two or
throe times, to contracting with corporations over
whom we have no control; but X am willing to
hear those various propositions. I hope the bill
will not now be recommitted. When it was pro-
posed some days ago to recommit the bill, with a
view to improve it, every member of the com-
mittee, I believe, said they had made up their
minds fully, and would report back the same prop-
osition, so that there was no use in referring
the question to them again. Now, we have had
the subject under debate for six weeks; and I
suppose every man in the Senate thinks we have
got all the light out of it that can be got. Then
why send it back to the committee again ? X am
satisfied that, beforo the amendment which I of-
fered was adopted, the bill eould not have com-
manded a majority of the Senate. There are a
great many friends of a Pacific railroad, that I
know of, who would vote against that proposi-
tion; an#when the Senator from California un-
covered the plan, and showed that under that
proposition the road wo.ijid begin at the eastern
end of the middle route, and run around bjr the
southern or northern route to reach California in
a circuitous manner, that would have defeated it
of itself. Those who were for a Pacific railroad
wete willing to take the responsibility of putting
it between two parallels; but that waidefeated.
I do not designate these roads by geographical
names; and if I could have^my aspirations grati-
fied, there would not be, in the nomenclature of
any American statesman, a name indicating a sec-
tion or-portion of this country, as distinguished
from the rest. I do not believe it is patriotic to
call these sectional roads; and I do not think it
is very patriotic to be talking about North and
South always; but I believe nature has designed
a ccntral route, and it is demanded by the con-
venience of the whole country that it shall nofgo
to one extreme or the other. If you are to have
three roads, however, you may have one central
and one on each extreme; and I am satisfied.
I know that this discussion has brought up
some pretty angry questions before the Senate.
I have not anticipated what will be done if one
man or another one is elected President. I be-
lieve it will be time enough to take care of that
trouble when it comes. I do not think, after hav-
ing expended as much time as we have 011 this
subject, it would be wise to put the Senate afloat
on all these propositions again. We have already
expended one half the session. Let us get this
information, which I trust will satisfy every friend
of making this road"by private enterprise that
that is an impracticable idea; or else it will sat-
isfy those who think it practicable, that we are
mistaken; and then we will vote for private con-
tracts, if that be the best method. I doubt whether
it is possible to frame a bill which shall guard the
interests of the Government under private con-
tracts. I want this railroad to be within the ju-
i risdiction and power of this Government through-
' out all time, until the route becomes entirely
settled throughout, and it can be put tinder State
authority. I even doubt the policy of patting it
under State authority; but so long as it is within
the Territories of the United States, I want the en-
tire and exclusive jurisdiction of it, and control
over the rates of fare. I do not want any mo-
nopolists to get hold of this road, so as to be able
to sport their coaches and trappings. That
would become royalty, but does not suit republi-
canism. That is the way property is transferred
from the hands of those who earn it to those who
sport their splendid equipages. Capitalists go
ahead of labor everywhere, and grasp up every
green thing before labor has a chance to occupy
a foot of your wild lands; and they will go ahead
here, and thoy will make the road with your
money, and then fix their own prices for trans-
poitation, and fix them as extravagantly, as you
will allow when they transport for you, which is
$150 for a barrel of flour. I have some knowledge
of what these corporations do in the States. They
need the most powerful and rigid control over
them when they are within State jurisdiction;
and it is almost impossible to control them even
there.
I hope the proposition to recommit this bill,
with instructions to put back the old bill that we
have stricken out, will not prevail. I will say to
the Senator from Illinois, that I profess to bo as
good a friend to a Pacific railroad as he is, or any
! other man; and that I do not consider those who
voted for my amendment as enemies to the bill.
I should be very sorry to think that the Pacific
railroad scheme had forty enemies in a house of
sixty.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Allow me to say to the
Senator from Rhode Island, that I did not mean
that every person who voted for his amendment
was an enemy to a road. What I meant was, that
this.substitute was adopted by the enemies of any
road. The Senators who are opposed to building
any road voted for it, I believe, without exception,
or nearly so; and a fe# of the friends of a Pacific
railroad also voted for it; and that was the way
it was adopted; and therefore I made the state-
ment, which was, perhaps, too general, that the
substitute wag adopted by the votes of the enemies
of the road. I am aware that some who are friends
of a Pacific railroad also voted for that proposi-
tion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am perfectly, aware that
when gentlemen have favorite schemes, they are
very apt to regard all who vote against them as
enemies to any plan to accomplish the object in
view; but I think the Senator adopts a curious
kind of reasoning. I believe that a very large
majority of the members of the Senate are in favor
of a-railroad being built to the Pacific occan; but
large, and controlling as that majority is, there
has been no vote in the Senate so decided as the
one that substituted this bill for the other. I do
not believe any proposition has been presented
here which has not commanded the votes of men
who entertained entirely dissimilar views as to
the mode of building the road, and of some men
who will not go for any road. I was satisfied that
the bill as it was would not command a majority;
and the time had arrived to propose sortie remedy
before it was entirely disposed of; and hence I of-
fered the substitute. I intend at some proper time,
if this bill is passed, to introduce a joint resolu-
tion, similar to the one presented by the Senator •
from Massachusetts, authorizing the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate,
to appoint five railroad surveyors, to survey and
mark out these routes, and estimate the cost of
the roads; so that when these proposals come in
we shall have something else to look at. I wish ,
to have a regular survey and estimate, so that
when propositions from individuals come in we
shall know from officers appointed by ourselves
what is the probable cost of such a work, and
then we shall be ready to say whether we will
take any of the propositions; and without that,
in my judgment, we shall not be ready. But I
will not dutam the Senate longer.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, the unfor-
tunate remarks of my friend, the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull,] make it ne-
cessary that I should say a word on this bill,
though I had intended to be quiet, as I have been,
during the whole of its discussion heretofore. I
am in favor of making a railroad from the Mis-
sissippi river to the Pacific ocean. I have been in
favor of it from the commencement, and I have
voted for every proposition which I supposed
looked towards making the road. At the last ses-
sion of Congress, I had the honor of presenting
a bill for the purpose of making a road. I ha ve
not presented it this year, because, from the dis-
cussion here, from the great variety of schemes,
and from the long time during which the subject
has occupied the attention of the Senate, 1 be-
lieved nothing practical would result from our
legislation on this subject. I think now, though
it may be vanity in me to say so, that my prop-
osition was one which, if properly presented to
the Senate, might have commanded some atten-
tion.
I am in favor of the proppsition which we have
adopted on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island, mainly because I think it looks towards
making a road. The bill, as it was before, to my
mind, never could have produced that result. My
notions in regard to making a railroad of this
magnitude, through such a country, are different
from those of most gentlemen. I have had some
practical experience in making railroads. For
twenty-five years I have been connected with the
making of railroads in Pennsylvania.
Through my exertions the first railroad made
by a private company in the State of Pennsylva-
nia was made. We were told that that road of
forty miles could be made for |300,000. I re-
member traveling in the city of Philadelphia, to
get subscriptions for that road, starting at the
Delaware and going to every house until I reached
the Schuylkill, asking men to subscribe one, two,
three, four, or five shares. We got our $500,000,
and after a great deal of trouble we got the road
made; but it cost us $3,500,000 by the time it was
done. Why, sir, all railroads in this country
have cost immensely more than anybody who
has not studied the subject would believe. I
think this railroad can only be made by the Gov-
ernment and the Treasury of this great country.
I do not believe private corporations can make a
railroad of this extent. Railroads in this country
are commenced and are used before they are fin-
ished; and for that reason we scarcely ever know
what they actually cost.
