1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
The average cost of the seven thousand miles
of railways in England has been $183,000 a mile.
They do not use their railroads until they are
completed; they make them perfect. There is
no machine which has been invented by man so
expensive, if it be made to perfection, as a rail-
road. I think this road is going to cost a sum
beyond what any private individuals can invest.
I looked on^the bill which was here before this
amendment as a mere electioneering scheme,
which would give to the-Executive immense pro-
spective patronage to control every corrupt man
in the country who expected to getajob. This,
on the contrary, sends out to the people an invi-
tation to tell us what they will make a railroad
for. When their propositions come here, we
shall judge of them as men would judge when
they were going to make a bargain for themselves.
That is the difference between the present bill
and the one which we havejust defeated by it. No
harm can come to anybody by this project; but
when a year goes by, if there are any individuals
or companies in the country willing to ma,ke the
lailroad, their bids will come here, and we shall
look at them properly; and if they offer such
terms as we can adopt, and as we think will be
profitable for the Government to adopt, we shall
take their bids for one, two, or three routes, as
Congress may determine.
TJie bill which 1 presented last year was in some
degree like this; for I proposed that the President
should appoint three engineers, who, with their
assistants and other individuals, should go out
and examine the three routes proposed, starting
at the Mississippi and reaching the Pacific by the
various routes, and make a careful examination
of the ground; that they should bring to us an
estimate of the cost of the road for every mile
upon the route, so as tp enable the President and
Congress to determine whether it would be proper
to make the road or not. What do we lose by
that? The other bill required that after the Pres-
ident should make a contract, it should come here
and be submitted to us. It would occupy the
same time that this will; only that the President,
in that case, would have had the power to say to
this man and that man, " if you do so and so, you
shall have a contract on this great road."
Now this question will be entirely in our own
hands; and if we do not think proper to make the
road there will be an end of it. I believe also that
after these propositions shall have come here, we
shallbe satisfied that individuals will not make this
road, and then the Government will go to work
and make the road, as it should do. This Pacific
railroad is a project worthy of a mighty nation;
one on which the heart of everybody in tins coun-
try should be centered, as well from its usefulness
as the pride that should bo taken in connecting
by so great a line the extremes of this vast coun-
try.
1 have only made these remarks because I
thought them necessary from the improper posi-
tion in which the remarks of my friend from Illinois
might be supposed to place me. I want it dis-
tinctly understood, that so far as my judgment
will allow me to go, I will vote for any project
which looks towaids making a railroad to the
Pacific; and I desire that the decision shall be
promptly made—promptly made in view of the
great interests which that project involves; and
also that we may devote ourselves to those meas-
ures of legislation which are now awaiting our
action. With so brief a portion of the session re-
maining, I am anxious for the dispatch of busi-
ness; that all obstructions may be removed from
those accumulated bills on our Calendar and others
that must necessarily be originated, in which so
many of our constituents have so deep an interest.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President 
Mr. GWIN. Will the Senator allow me a mo-
ment ? I wish merely to reply to a remark of the'
Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. MASON. I have very little to say.
Mr. GWIN. I was afraid you were going to
move an adjournment.
Mr. MASON. No, sir; you will have plenty of
time after I get through; I have but little to say.
Mr. President, I thmk the Senate will agree that
this very great measure, as gentlemen are pleased
to term-it, has been left in the hands of its friends.
I think the Senate will agree that those who stand
as I do, opposed to any connection between the
Government and this road in any form, hOTe held
aloof, with some few exceptions, and haveallowed
the friends of the measure to see if they could
perfect it. The Senate knows that one half the
present session has been occupied in the endeavor
of the friends of this measure to prepare a scheme
that would be acceptable to them; and after one
half the session has expired, where do we find
ourselves? As was said by the honorable Senator
from Rhode Island, in the possession of a prop-
osition which has been carried by the most con-
trolling vote yet shown in the Senate, and which
the mover oftlthe proposition says is no bill at all.
Now, sir, I almost feel myself at liberty to vote
for the bill in its present shape,'and for this
.reason: if I have rightly thought on this subject,
and there ever should be any proposals to build
the road, they will be of a character to satisfy the
nation that it is not a fit subject for the Federal
Government to take hold of. I cannot vote for it
because I cannot see that, under the charter of our
power—the Constitution—we have any authority
whatever to touch the subject in any form; but if
I could vote for it, I should do it under the belief
that when any man of sense came to look at the
provisions of the bill and found that he was re-
quired to propose not only to construct the road,
but to work it afterwards, he would recoil from
the proposition.
The bill requires that the contractor shall pro-
pose to construct the road and afterwards to work
it. Well, unless I am very much deceived, those
who are conversant with railroads and the cost of
making them, would be very little disposed to
take the road, if it was made, and undertake to
work it without price. So we are indebted to the
honorable Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Bf.i.t.]
for putting these two features in the proposition:
that contractors shall propose not only to con-
struct the road, but to work it after it is made. I
cannot vote for it, however, for I cannot see that
the Federal Government has any authority to
touch the subject in any form.
Mr. President, for some reason, I will not un-
dertake to say what, a large majority of the Sen-
ate look upon the scheme of building this mag-
nificent road as one not only entitled to the greater
share of their attention in their public duties, but
they assume that it attracts the attention of the
whole country. I do not know how that maybe.
Senators on the other side of the Chamber, and
some on ours, have undertaken to say, and they
may be right, that although there is a large ma-
jority of Senators here who are prepared to vote
for a railroad, yet the strange phenomenon is
presented that they cannot get a bill which will
conciliate a majority. Now, what does that mean ?
The history of the measure has been written dur-
ing this session. Why do they not agree ? They
do not agree because they cannot arrange among
themselves upon the Atlantic terminus of the
road. Well, what does that mean? It means
that that large interest which they claim to rep-
resent, and, 1 dare say, do represent, does not re-
gard the road itself, and the advantages to result
from the construction of the road, but regards the
sectional advantages. It is not the road they go
for, but it is the improvement of the country which
the road will pervade. That is the reason they
cannot ao;ree.
Sir, thi ir whole conduct here has demonstrated
it. Proposea northern terminus,and the centerand
the South vote against it. Take a middle terminus,
and both North and South vote against it. Take a
southern terminus, and the other two vote against
it. All agreeing, they say, that the road ought to be
made; all agreeing, as they say, that it is a sub-
ject of gieat national importance to make the road,
and it being a matter of no importance where the
road begins or where it ends, provided it begins
on the Atlantic and ends on the Pacific; yet it is
impossible for them to concilate a majority, be-
cause if it is a northern road the other two are
against it, and if it is a southern road the inter-
mediate section and the North are against it.
I hope the country will see, Mr. President, that
these are the obstacles, not in the way of the con-
stitutional light to make this road, but in the way
of gentlemen who are prepared for this extraor-
dinary expenditure of money. I trust, and they
have my best hope, that they never will agree
upon where this road shall begin. I do not believe
they ever will. I think we have had some expe-
rience here during the whole of this session. My
honorable friend from California, [Mr. GHvin,]
who is the Ajax of it, got it in as the very first
measure, by a majority of the Senate. He ob-
tained for it precedence of the whole public busi-
ness of the entire country, and has pressed it with
energy and will, and with the success that attends
energy and will, and where has it ended ? After
six weeks of a session of three months expended
on it, where does it end > In a bill which that
honorable Senator frankly admits will not be
worth-the paper on which it is written.
Now, I would say to that honorable gentleman
that 1 do not think he will ever advance any fur-
ther. I know that he, at least, is-in earnest,and
he has the Pacific terminus fixed at San Fran-
cisco. Nobody contests that, as far as I know.
He does not sympathize with honorable Senators
here from the Atlantic border, as to where the
Atlantic terminus shall b^. He is in earnest, and
he is prepared to take any bill that will effect his
object—his object being the construction of the
road. Now, I would say to that honorable Sena-
tor, take this bill; let the Secretary of the Interior
invite proposals for constructing and working this
road after it, is constructed, and, without claiming
any spirit of prophesy, I will predict to him that
one of two things will happen: he will either have
no proposals at all to construct these roads, or he
will have them from speculators who never ex-
pect to construct them. There never will come
a proposal to construct and work one of these
roads from men who have it in their power to
give us security that they will perform the obli-
gation they enter, into; and if the bill passes, I
think it will enlighten the country to that extent.
Mr. President, I do not know any form in which
this bill can be put that will authorize me to vote
for it. I am prepared to say here at once, that if
you were to introduce a bill to commence this
road on the Potomac river, and carry it through
the whole breadth of Virginia and the tier of the
southern States, and thence by the Gila or by
any other route to the Pacific, whether it was to
be constructed by Federal money or by Federal
organization, I would vote againstit, and I should
forfeit, deservedly forfeit, the confidence of my
constituency if I did not do so. So there is no
form in which any bill can be presented which
will conciliate my vote.
Other Senators who regard the working of this
Federal macjjine in a light very different from that
in which I regard it, may consider that the time
has been wasted. I am rather disposed to think
that if time has not been economized, constitu-
tional right has, and we gain something even by
the waste of time. I submit to the Senate, and
L I submit to the country, that we have gained this:
we have gained information that will go before
the American people to demonstrate that this great
Pacific railroad, so worthy-the liberal and enlight-
ened age in which we live, so worthy of the great
resources of this nation, as we are told, but, as I
think, so fatal to the obligations of the constitu-
tional compact, has received its death-blow at the
hands of its friends. I think they will find, if they
take the vote to-day, that this will be the day of
its interment, I hope never to have a resurrec-
tion.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Simmons! said that I had uncovered the ob-
ject of the bill in its former slii(pe by stating that
it was originally formed so as to give, or, at least,
was advocated by me on the ground that it gave
a power to the President of the United States to
select any route he might choose. Well, Mr.
President, that is not so. I have never said such
a thing; I have never advocated such a thing.
The Senator has misrepresented my whole object
and my whole design in advocating this measure.
I stated to the Senate that the original bill fixed
termini that would favor the building of a cen-
tral road, and give such an advantage to that route,
that, if it was practicable, the road must be built
there. I said that 1 wanted to leave meney to
select the best route, we fixing termini that would
meet the wants of the country on each side of the
Rocky Mountains.
Now, sir, m order to satisfy the Senator from
Rhode Island on that point, I will state to the
Senator from Illinois that, if he will change the
instructions he proposes, by providing in the first
; section of the bill that the road shall be built be-
' tween the thirty-fourth and forty-second parallels,
| I will vote for it, although I have been opposed
| to limiting the route, preferring that money should
