1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
em
construction of this road; and hence I am prepared
to vote for it cheerfully. If the S*enator from
California, or any other gentleman in this Cham-
ber, can suggest a more feasible and practical plan
than this, I will with great cheerfulness support
that plan; but until such a oneis brought forward'
and explained to my plain comprehension, I will
not abandon this proposition, as I think it the
most fair, the most wise, the most reasonable,
and imbued with more intelligence than all the
propositions that have been made on this floor in
relation to the construction of a Pacific railroad. ,
It seems to me that the impatience of the hon-
orable gentleman from California is so excessive
that he absolutely wishes to construct a road
before a route has been selected. He is determ-
ined to have a road right off, without giving time
to makesurveys, to grade it, or do anything else.
He is intensely anxious for it, and is resolved to
form a connection for fear California will be alien-
ated from the Union.
Sir, California has no encouragement -to leave
the older States. She is an adopted child. She is
dependent on them for her creation, and no State
has received more liberally the munificence of the
parent Government than California has. She has
realized millions of benefits. And what, sir, of
her gold that we are told about? She brings us
gold, to be sure; but does she give it to us? I
reckon not. Her citizens take the liberty.of going
on the public lands of the United States and dig-
ging gold, and they are paid for their industry.
They have the material, and they would be very
worthless if they did not work it, when it costs
them nothing except a little labor. I do not think
that places the older States under any obligations
to California. As for the idea that she is going
off, I do not think there is much in it; or if it
should be attempted, it will be meiely a little
frisky fit, and we shall all meet at the city of
Mexico about the time Texas will get there. I
think it very probable that our extreme southern
bol der will extend to the city of Mexico by the
time California reaches it along the Pacific coast,
according to the suggestion of the Senator from
that State;.and we shall bo harmoniously reuni-
ted, and remain so without any further dissen-
sions. It will be such a reconciliation that we
shall not stand in dread of any future separation.
I have no disposition to reflect upon California.
I have always appreciated liie advantage that she
has been to this country in giving us the control
of the Pacific ocean.
That advantage is greatly to be promoted, ac-
cording to my apprehension, by forming an inti-
mate connection between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific by means of this projected railroad; and
hence it is that I am anxious to see its accom-
plishment. 1 am ready to give any feasible plan
my most cordial cooperation, though it is only
that of a single vote. The State from which 1
come has indicated the most liberal disposition
towards the policy of this great national object.
Wow let the nation step forward and contribute
"with the same liberal spirit that she has done in
the accomplishment of more than half the distance
from the natural terminus on the Mississippi to
San Francisco, and the whole work will soon be
accomplished. Let not Texas be challenged with
remissness on this occasion, or with neglect of
the interests that may result from a more intimate
connection with California. We have intelligence
enough to appreciate the advantages of it, and
therefore we have insisted with some pertinacity
on having a fair competition with other sections
of the Union. I am ready to discard all sectional
considerations, and look to the advantage to re-
sult to the nation, and not to any particular State,
or section, or point. These are the feelings that
actuate Texas and her representatives in the Sen-
ate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to recommit the bill with thein-
stiuctions proposed.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall vote against recom-
mitting, for the reason that it is evident, at this
period of the session, that it is impossible to ma-
ture another bill that can meet the approbation of
the Senate. We have found that nearly every-
body was for a Pacific, railroad, but scarcely any
body was m favor of any bill that could be pre-
sented. The whole country was for it; all the
political parties for it; all the party platforms for
it; but when you bring in any particular bill it re-
ceives the support of only a small minority. "We
have known for weeks—I knew after the first
twenty-four hours I was in the Senate, this ses-
sion—that it was utterly impossible to pass a rail-
road bill this year. That seems to be the indi-
cation. Then why send it back to a* committee
again, and interrupt all the other business of the
session, for the few weeks we have left, when we
have not a reasonable hope of agreeing upon any
thing that will pass? I am satisfied the railroad
bill is killed; and let it be buried decently. When
we come together at another session, we may,
perhaps, by that time, be able to devise some
plan on which we may unite; but I see no reason
for the recommittal. If we cannot get a bill to-
night, there is no reason to hope that the com-
mittee, who reported this bill, can agree upon one
that will command more strength. I am sure the
members composing that committee have no hope
of devising one that will meet the assent of a ma-
jority of the Senate. I hope, therefore, we may
pass upon it to-night, and dispose of it.
Mr.GWIN. I suggest to the Senator from Il-
linois, who moves the instructions, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] an amendment to the first section that the
route of the road shall be between the thirty-
fourth and forty-second parallels, instead of be-
tween 370 and 42°.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing to make that
change in the bill. The object in moving the in-
structions is to get a direct vote on the bill of the
committee. I do not expect the committee to pre-
pare any new bill at all. The motion now is to-
recommit the bill with instructions to report back
the bill which the committee agreed upon, and
which the Senate has amended. I have offered
the bill as it was printed on the 18th of January,
with the amendments, and with instructions to
the committee to report it buck in that shape. It
brings a direct vote on that bill, and we shall.see
how much strength it has. I am willing to make
an alteration so as to extend it to the latitude of
thirty-four, as suggested by the Senator from
California. I want to see what strength that bill
has.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will ask my colleague
whether he included the amendment that was
adopted on my motion to-day,
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 did not, because it was
not printed, and I did not have it. I am willing
to include it", and will do so if he will offer it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. 1 wish that, then, to be con-
sidered as offered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will include that. I
believe it lies on the Secretary's table. I wished
to present that amendment also; and I mentioned
it at the time, but was unable to piocure a copy
of it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If this bill is to be recom-
mitted with instructions, I want the instructions
read. I cannot vote on this question of recom-
mittal with instructions now. I want to discuss
the instructions, and move amendments to them.
If the motion is to recommit the bill, and let the
committee then report something that they may
agree upon, that they may think the Senate will
pass, I am willing to vote to recommit it to oblige
the friends of the measure; but if the motion is to
recommit with instructions, and those instructions
are the bill before us, I want those instructions
read, that I may understand them, or printed, that
we may see them.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Illinois
[Mr. Douglas] tells us that he will vote against
the recommitment of this bill, for the reason that
he thinks we can pass no railway bill at this j
session. Now, sir, 1 do not know upon what |
the Senator from Illinois bases such an opinion, j
In the first place, the bill that he is ready to vote |
for, is nothing more nor less than an authority
to the President of the United States to make a
contract, and come back to the next Congress,
and ask that Congress if it will indorse the con-
tract he may make. He must make a contract
over one of these three lines; and when he has
made it, he is to come before the next Congress,
and it may be accepted or rejected. That is all
that the bill of the Senator from California pro- j
posed. Now, this bill,as it stands, provides tor
advertising for propositions to build three roads, j
or any one of the three roads; and the proposi-
tions are to be laid before the next Congress. As !
a railway measure, it is just as good as the
other. Neither of them is a proposition to build
a toad. They are both propositions looking to
see how roads may be built; that is all.
Now, sir, I hope the bill will not be committed,
but will be sustained by the Senate. I believe it
can be carried through the House of Representa-
tives, and when, at the next session of Congress,
we shall have these propositions before us, we
shall have not speculations, but facts, to guide our
actioh. I think the proposition as it now stands
is a very good one. I think the bill as it is, if
sustained by Congress, will advance the construc-
tion of a Pacific railroad, and, therefore, every
friend of a Pacific railroad here ought to go against
its recommitment, and sustain this bill as it is,
carry it through the Senate, and then do what he
can to carry it through the House of Represent-
atives.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, I-had sup-
posed that all Senators who approved of the ori-
ginal bill, or the bill as it was first amended, were
agreed upon the policy of voting to recommit it
with instructions, and under that view I was pre-
pared to give a vote in silence for that motion;
but the remarks which have been made by the
honorable Senator from Illinois, on the opposite
side of the Chamber, [Mr. Douglas,] show that,
although he is one of that number with which I
ain classed, he is voting against the motion; and
for the purpose of being entirely well understood,
I desire to state that I vote to recommit with in-
structions under this view, that the bill, as it is
now, does not advance us at all towards the making
of a railroad, and that the bill, as it stood before
it received its last amendment, and as it will come
back from the committee, will advance it. I am
desirous to use every effort to secure the begin-
ning of this work, and therefore I vote to refer it
to the committee with the proposed instructions^
Mr. PUGH. I agree with the Senator from
Massachusetts that there is no practical difference
between this bill and the other. Under the other
bill the contract was of no avail until it was sub-
mitted to Congress, and we had also added to it
a proposition to invite proposals for two other
routes. The present bill does the same thing; and
the objection to both of them is stated truly by
the Senator from California. Youmay get a prop-
osition possibly for one of these routes that would
be reasonable; but if you ask for propositions for
three roads, every person who bids will take into
consideration the fact that he is to have possibly
two rival roads, and it makes the whole project
utterly impracticable. I see no choice between
the original bill and this bill. I expect nothing
from either of them. The original bill was hob-
bled; I believe it had about two hundred thousand
tons of American iron put on its back, with other
things; and I believe nothing will come of this
measure; and therefore I move to lay the bill on
the table, and call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CLARK. I am requested by my colleague,
Mr. Hale, to say that he has paired off with the
Senator from South Carolina, Mr. Hammond.
Mr. FITCH, when his name was called, stated
that he had paired off with Mr. Hammond.
The result was announced—yeas 23, nays 29;
as follows:
YEAS—Mcsms. I! a yard. Benjamin, Brown, Cliesnut,
Clay, Clubman, Davis, I'Mzpatnck, Foot, Gieen, Hunter,
IveUon, Johnson of Tennes>ee, Kuiir, Mason, Pearce,
Pugh, iteid, Sebastian, Shdell, Thomson of New Jersey,
Toombs, and Yulee—*23.
NAYS—Mr—is. Hates, Bell, Bigler, Bright, Broderick,
Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Dixon, Doohttle, Durkee, Fes-
senden, Foster, Gwui, Hamlin, Harlan, Houston, Jones,
Kennedy, Polk, liice, Seward, Shields?, Simmons, Stuart,
Tiimibull, Wade, YVaid, and Wilson—29.
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on recommitting the bill with the proposed in-
structions.
Mr. BENJAMIN. If the instructions are in-
sisted on, I must ask that they be read. I do not
know what they are at all.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for a division of the ques-
tion, and then let the instructions be read when we
come to them. Let us have the question first on
recommitment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is susceptible of division.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope no friend of the
