1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
635
House has a right to separate votes on each one
of them, before the vote is taken on the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. In reference to
the point of order made by the gentleman from
Indiana, there is no dispute between him and my-
self in relation to the facts, as I understand his
recital of them. The original clause made an ap-
propriation for the secretaries of the ministers at
the several points. The committee struck out,
one by one, several of the places named. The
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] then moved
to strike out the whole paragraph, and insert what
has been read to .the House. The motion having
been adopted in the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, the several preceding amend-
ments to the paragraph were lost. Before the
question on striking out was taken, it was in the
power of the committee to amend the original par-
agraph, to make it as perfcct as possible. The
motion of the gentleman from Ohio was then put
and carried, sinking out the whole paragraph, as
amended, and inserting what has been read at the
Clerk's desk. The amendments first made to the
original paragraph, therefore, could not be report-
ed to the House.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman'allow me
to correct him in one question of fact? These
amendments voted in on a preceding day were not
in the text of the original paragraph when it was
struck out, and could not have been there exccpt
by a reconsideration of the former action of the
committee. After the motion of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] was made, the question
was asked what would be the effect of it, if carried,
upon the former amendments made by the com-
mittee to the paragraph ? After considerable debate
it was decided, by what seemed to be almost the
unanimous consent of the committee, that the
former amendments should be reported to the
House, and the chairman of the committee, the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] an-
nounced that he would so report them to the
House. I only desire that the facts shall be prop-
erly placed in the possession of the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I have only stated
the result of what was the action in committee.
Several amendments were made to the original
text of the bill, after which a motion was made
and carried to strike out the whole clause. Now,
the universal practice of the House has been that, ;
when an enure paragraph or section is Ntticken i
out, all the amendments made to the original text J
are carried with it.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman from Ohio |
distinctly stated that his motion was not to strike
out the whole paragraph, but only so much of it
as was not embraced m the amendments which
had been made.
The SPEAKER. In determining the question
of order, the Chair must, of course, be controlled
by the record which is presented to him. The
Chair is in no difficulty, therefore, in legard to the
questions of fact. He can have no knowledge
of what transpired in committee, except what has
been reported. The Chair, however, is of opin-
ion, from the statement made by the gentleman
from Indiana of what occurred in committee, that
the report was properly made by the chairman of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union of the amendment upon which the House
is now called upon to vote,for this reason: it was
certainly competent for the friends of the para-
graph in committee, to propose any and every
amendment which, in their judgment, would
make the bill more acceptable to the committee.
After the paragraph or section had been perfected,
as far as its friends £ouId perfect it, it was then
perfectly competent to move to strike out the en-
tire section or paragraph and insert additional
words; and the fact that the committee did strike
out and insert, shows that they were against the
paragraph, even after all the amendments winch
had been made to the original text; consequently,
every amendment which had been adopted by
vote of the committee must fall when the entire
paragraph was stricken out and other matter in-
serted in lieu thereof.
Mr. COLFAX. I only wish to place myself
right in regard to this matter. When the motion
of the gentleman from Ohio was made, in stating
the amendment the Cleik read the entire para-
graph, including "Persia and Rome," as the
words to be stricken out; and the gentleman from
Ohio stated distinctly that he did not move to
strike out those words. However, I will not press
the matter further.
The SPEAKER. If the report of the Chair-
man of the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union was not correct, the proper time to
have made the point was when the report was
made, when £he bill should have been recom-
mitted, with instructions to amend the report.
Mr. OLIN. Would it be in order now to re-
commit the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union ?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the operation
of the previous question.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the .Union
was non-concurred in.
Second amendment:
In line forty four, insert as follows:
Foi salary of minister resident at Japan, from the 19th
day of Januaiy, 18j9, until the 1st of June next, $3,335.
For &alaiy of minister le&ident at Japan, §7,500.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
In the clause of the bill making an appropriation for the
Northwest boundary commission, strike out §100,U00, and
mseit $'71,000,
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. STANTON. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the House refused to concur in the
first amendment reported from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. We mi#htas well
have the vote, I think, upon the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
' Mr. HOPKINS. What will be tne effect of
laying the motion to reconsider on the table?
The SPEAKER. It would carry the motion
to reconsider only—not the bill.
Mr. HOPKINS. Then I submit the motion.
The House was divided on the motion to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; and there
were—ayes 70, noes 77.
Mr. PHILLIPS called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 99, nays 89; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs-Ahl, Anderson, Avery, Bark«;dale. Barr,
BiMiop, Bonham, Bowie, Boyee, Branch, Burnett, Bums,
Catuihci-,, (Jackie, John B. 01.uk, Clay, John Cochran*1,
Oookciill, Comur-, Coining, Cox, James Ciaig, Crawibid,
Davidson, Davis ot Maryland. Dewart, Dovvdcl!, Eduiund-
son, Kustis, Famsworth, Faulkner, Floience, Foley, Fos-
ter, Gaineri, Gaitioll, Gillie, Gooeb, Goodo, Giecnwond,
' Gieng, Lawrence YV. llail, Hatch, Hawkins Hopkins,
i Hughes, Jenkins, Jewett, Owen Jones Keun, Landy,
i Leidy, Letcher, Maclay, McKibbin, McQ.n<xn, M< line,
[ Ilumplnev Martial!, Samuel S. Maisiiall, Miles Miller,
1 Milton, Montgomeiy, Moinil, Edward Joy Morris Fiee-
| man ll.Motse, Ntblack, Pendleton, Peyton, John S. Phelps,
: William W. Pholp-, Phillips, Powell, Reagan, Roheits,
l Royee, Russell, Sandidge, Scott, Searing, Sewaid, Single-
| ton, Samuel A. Smith. Siallwoiih, Stephens, Stevenson,
| James A. Stewart, Talbot, Tnppc, Valiaiirlighain, Ward,
j Israel Washburn, Walking, While, Wlnteley, Wm&low,
Wood, Wortendyke, arid Augustus R. Wnght—99.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Andrew*, Bennett,
Bingham, Bhs&, Biayton, Bulliiiton, Builtngame, Ca^e,
dawson, Cobb, Claik B. Coehiane, Colfax, Covode, Cragtn,
Curry, Cuttis Davis of Indiana, Davis ot Iowa, Davvo,
Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edi«, Fenton, Giddmg-, Gil-
man, Gilmer, Granger, Grow, Harlan, Hams, Hickman,
i Hoard, Iludges, Horton, Howard, Geo;ge W. Jones, Kol-
j logg, Kelsey, Kilgore, knapp, Lawience, Leach, Leiter,
I Lovejov, Matteson, Maynard, Morgan, Isaac N. Moiris,
; Oliver A. Moise. Mott, Muirav, Nichols Olm, Palmer,
j Paiker, Pettit, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ricaud,
; Bobbins, Rutfin, Aaron Shaw, Heni> M. Shaw, John Shcr-
{ man, Shorter, Robert Smith, Spumei, Stanton, Willi,mi
! Stewart, Tappan,Thayer, Tompkins, Underwood, Vance,
! Wade, Walbndge, Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn, Eihhu B. Wd-sliburne, Wilson, John V. Wright,
and ZolhcofFex—89. -
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
Pending the call,
Mr. BISHOP stated that hie colleague, Mr.
j Arnold, was called home by sickness in Ins
family.
Mr. AVERY stated that Mr. Atkins had de-
sired him to state that he was confined to his
room by sickness.
Mr. DAWES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Chaffee, was necessarily absent, and that he
had paired off with Mr. Keitt.
Mr. DEAN stated that Mr. Clark, of Con-
necticut, was detained at his room by indisposi-
tion.
Mr. RUFFIN made a like statement in refer-
ence to Mr. Scales.
Mr. COMIWS, and Mr. PHELPS of Minne-
sota, severally made a similar statement in re-
spect to Messrs. Hall of Massachusetts, and
Cayanaugh.
The result was then announced as above.
Mr. HUGHES. I rise to a privileged question.
I move to reconsider the vote by which the House'
concurred in the recommendation of the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the s.tate of the Union, to
strike out in line seventy-nine the words " one
hundred thousand," and insert " seventy-one
thousand."-
The clause, as above amended, was as follows:
" For compensation of the commissioner, secretary,chief
astronomer and surveyor, assistant astronomer and survey-
or, clerk, and for provisions, transportation, and contingen-
cies of the commission to run and mark the boundary line
between the [Jmted States and the British possessions
bounding on Washington Territory, .3'?'] .000."
Mr. CRAWFORD moved to lay the motion to
reconsidei on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the motion te
reconsider was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER announced as the next amend-
ment the one proposed by Mr. Crawford: to
strike out " seventy,"and insert " forty,"in the
following clause:
" To enable the President of the United States to carry
into effect the act of Congress of 3d March, 1819, and .any
subsequent acts now in foice for the suppression of the
slave trade, $75,000. Provided, That so much of said ap-
propriation as may be required to pay expenses already in-
curred, may be used from and after the passage of this act."
Mr. STANTON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BOCOCK. \-Vas not a proposition adopted
by the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to recommend to the House to strike
out that whoic clause? I understand that the
agreement was, that in the House a vote should
first be taken upon that proposition; if that vote
was negatived, then that the question should be
taken on the amendment to strike out" seventy"
and insert "forty."' Would not the question
lii st come up on the recommendation of the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
rather than on the amendment of the gentleman
from Georgia?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
only way in which the amendment of the gentle-
man from Georgia could be entertained at all,
would be as an amendment to the original bill,
which amendment must be put to a vote before
the question is taken upon the recommendation
of the committee to strike out the entire clause.
It is an amendment to perfect the original clause.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 48, nays 145; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Avery, Raiksdale, Bocock, Bonham,
Bojce, Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Caskie, Clay, Cobb,
Crawford, Cuiry, Davidson, Dowdell. Edmundson, Eustis,
Garnett, Gaitrrll,Goode, Hawkins, Hodges, Hopkins, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Letcher. McUueen,McRao  Maynard, Miles,
Moore, Peyton, Muffin, Sandidge, Seward, Henry M.
Shaw, Shoiter, Singleton, William Smith, Stallworth,
Stephen®, Stevenson, Talbot, Trippe,Vance, Watkms, John
V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—48.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, An-
dicwf, Barr, Bennett, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bowie,
Brnyton, Butfinton, Burlingame, Burns, Caruthers, Case,
Horace F. Clark, John B. Clark, dawson, Clark B. Coch-
ran", John Coehiane, Coekerill, Colfax, Comms, Corning,
Covode, Cox, Cragin, Jame«> Craig, Curtis, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean,
Dewart, Dick, Dodd, Durfee, Edie, Farnsworth, Fenton,
Floitmco, Foley, Foster, Giddmgs, Gilhs, Gilman, Gilmer,
Gooch, Grander, Greenwood, Grege, Groesbeck, Grow,
Lawrence W. Hall, Hatlan, Harris, Hatch, Hickman,
Hoard, Hoi ton, Howaid, Hughe?, lluyler, GeorgeW. Jones,
Owen Jones., Keinij Kellogg, KeUey, Kilgore, Knapp,
Landv. Lawrence, Leach,Leidy, Loiter,Lovejoy,Maciay,
Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S.Marshall, Mason, Matte-
son, Miller, Million, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Ed-
waid Joy Moms, fs-siac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse,
Olivet A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Niblack, Nichols, Olin,
Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, John S. Phelps, William
W. Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Rea-
gan, Ricaud, Ritchie, Robbing, Roberts, Royee, Russell,
Scott, Scaring. Aaron Shaw, John Sherman, Robert Smith,
Samuel A. Smith, Spumei, Stanton, James A. Stewart,
Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Underwood, "Vallandigham,
Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, Walton, Ward, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Eihhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburu,
White, Wlnteley, Wilson, Wm&low, Wood, Wortendyke,
and Augustus R. Wright—145.
So the amendment of Mr. Crawford was not
agreed to.
Pending the call of yeas and nays,
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, stated that,
had he been In his seat when his name was called,
he should have voted m the negative.
Mr. WOODSON stated that he should have
voted in the affirmative, had he been in the House
when his name was called.
