1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
13
35th Cong.....2d SeIs.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
gress, and should lead,in my judgment, toarad-
ical change. The amount now annually drawn
from the Treasury to supply the deficiency m the
fund for the relief of sick and disabled seamen
exceeds the sum raised out of the wages of the
seamen for this purpose. It was not so formerly;
and the fact is in no small degree attributable to
"the increased and unnecessary expenditures grow-
ing out of the building and keeping up of marine
hospitals. Besides, there is no fund disbursed by
the Government which possesses higher claims
for a just and economical expenditure than the
one under consideration. The law compels the
collection of this money from the wages of the
seamen, and the Government undertakes to ex-
pend it for their benefit and protection. The trust
is a sacred one, and can only be faithfully dis-
charged by exercising the greatest care and econ-
omy in its disbursement. I renew the recom-
mendations of my last report on this subjcct.
I deem it my duty to call the attention of Con-
gress to the bill for the revision and consolidation
of the revenue laws, reported by me, in obedience
to a resolution of the House of Repiesentatives
at the last session of Congress. For the leasons
then suggested, I deem it important that the bill
should receive the favorable action of Congress at
the present session.
Instead of that portion of the bill as originally
reported regulating the collection districts, and
appointment and compensation of officers,! pro-
pose to submit, at an early day, a substitute sug-
gested by the experience of an additional year in
this Department, which, it is believed, will ob-
viate many existing inconveniences, and very
materially reduce the expense of collecting the
revenue.
In this connection it is deemed proper to refer
to a misapprehension which seems to exist to
some extent in regard to the receipts and expend-
itures at certain points.
While the amount of foreign merchandise im-
ported at a given point would cleaily indicate the
necessity for an adequate provision there for the
collection of the tuvenue, it by no means follows
that the interests of the revenue do not i equne the
services of officers at points where few or no du-
ties are collected. A judicious disposition of a
preventive force is indispensable to the collection
of a revenue from imports. Especially is this true
in regard to the United States, along whose ox-
tensivesea-board andfrontier boundaries there are
so many points through which foreign merchan-
dise might be thrown into the interior free of duty
but foi the vigilance of a preventive corps. Upon
the principal avenues of trade with foreign coun-
tries, pro\ ision has been made by law, at poi ts of
entry, for the collection of duties, and at those
ports our revenue from customs js mainly col-
lected orsecured. Other channels through which
foreign merchandise might clandestinely reach
the interior are, of necessity, guarded by a pie-
ventive force, and often at points where the ex-
penses exceed the amount of collections. Such
a force could not be withdrawn without leaving
the laws and regulations exposed to evasion, and
the public revenue to incalculable loss.
Take the district? of Chumplain and Vermont,
on the Canadian frontier,asan illustration. There
is a large number of officers stationed at various
points along the frontier in these districts, and the
expenses of collection exceed by more than one
half the amount of levenue received.
What would be the effect on the revenue of the
withdrawal of this force from these points may
be perceived by a glance at the connections of
those districts, and of the waters of Lake Cham-
plain, with the principal maikets and territory
of Canada East.
One of these stations, Rouse'a Point, where a
large portion of Canadian commerce first (-titers
the United States, communicates by railroads nnd
the river St. John with AJontreai and the St..
Lawrence. If no preventive force were stationed
at those points, merchandise of provincial and
European origin might be introduced into the
United States by those routes, and at various
points along the Canadian and Vermont frontier,
without the possibility of prevention, and to the
serious injury of the revenue from customs.
Where articles are taxed by our tariff, but made
free by the Canadian, or where the difference of
duties in Canada and the United States would in- ;
sure a profit on the adventure, merchandise might
be exported in bond from our own warehouses to
Canada, to be thrown thence upon our markets
without the payment of any duty whatever to the
United States. Merchandise so imported might
supply, to a large extent, the consumption of New
England and New York, in whose ports so large,
a portion of the public revenue is now collected.
At the .ports of Pensacoia, in Florida, and
Shieldsboro', near the mouth of Pearl river, in
Mississippi, on our Gulf coast, revenue officers
are stationed, but no duties of any considerable
amount collected. But for the presence of a rev-
enue force at those points, the valuable products
of European and West Indian commerce might
be introduced, free of duty, into the interior
through the waters commanded by those ports,
with hardly a possibility of prevention, and to
the serious diminution of the revenue now col-
lected at the ports of New Orleans and Mobile.
Other instances of the necessity of a preventive
service might be readily suggested, but it is not
deemed necessary. It is believed that the expense
uf maintaining it might, at some points, be re-
duced without impairing its utility; and the De-
partment has that subject now under considera-
tion.
At the last session of Congress appropriations
were made for the purchase of the best self-
righting life-boats, to be placed on the coast of
New Jersey, and the best hfe-boats for use on
the coast of Long Island. As the Government
had already provided life-boats for those stations,
the object of the law was evidently to ascertain
a better boat than those already employed, and,
if found, to substitute it foi those now in use.
Taking this view of the subject, I appointed a
commission to test the qualities of the various
kinds of boats that had been constructed, and
which were offered to the Government. The
report of the commissioners has been received
within the last few days—too late for any action
of the Department before the meeting of Con-
gress. It is herewith submitted, (marked 44,)
with a view of placing before Congress all the
information on the subject in the possession of
the Department; and also that such additional
action may be had at the present session as may
be deemed odvisible.
The report of the Superintondentof the Coast
Survey, giving a statement of the operations of
tins service during the last fiscal year, will be
submitted to Congress at an early day.
The report of the supervising inspectors (marked
12) is herewith submitted.
A report from the president and directors of the
Louisville and Portland Canal Company is ex-
pected to roach the Department in a short time,
and when received will be submitted to Congress.
The accompanying reports from the vauous
bureaus of the Tieasury Department, (rnatked A
to L,) will fui msh detailed statements of the busi-
ness transacted in each of them.
in addition to the tegular annual report of the
Light-House Board, (marked No. J3,) 1 transmit
a report from the board, (maiked No. 4.~>,) winch
has been pre paied in answer to a i esolution of the
Senate of February 1, JSj3. The information
contained in it will be inteiexting to both Houses,
and is theiefore communicated at this time.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
HOWELL COBB,
Secretary of Ike Treasury.
Hon. John C. Breckinridge, Vice Prcsbtent of
the United States and President of the Senate
liejport of tlic Secretary of War.
I} War Department,
ij Washington, December 6, 1858.
Sin: The authorized htiength of the Army, as
j; posted, is 18,165; but tiie actual strength, on the
! 1st of July, was 17,493. These troops compose
j the whole numerical force ofour Army, distributed
throughout the States and Territories of the entire
[ Confederacy, manning all the fortifications occu-
; pied by troops, holding all the posts now gar-
risoned, defending ail our extended frontiers, and
protecting, as far as possible, the different routes
extending across the continent from the Missis-
sippi valley to our possessions on the Pacific.
The absolute demands for men in the various-
posts, stations, &c., as well as for what mighC&e
termed the police operation of the Army, left ogly
thirteen regiments for actual service in the. field.
And upon this small force, numbering little o't^r
eleven thousand men, devolved the arduous t^aty
of prosecuting all the Indians wars, which have
extended-this year from the British possessions
on the Pacific to the border settlements of Texas;
as well as of crushing the rebellion in Utah, which,
from its vindictive spirit and large numbers, threat-
ened at its outset to become, and indeed was, very
formidable.
The labors performed by the Army since my
last report will very fully appear from the reports
of the different bureaus, herewith transmitted,
and to which I call your particular attention. It
may be safely asserted that no army of the same
size ever before performed, in such a length of
time, marches and movements of such extent,
surmounting in their progress such formidable
obstacles.
These regiments have accomplished within the
year a march, averaging for each, the extraordi-
nary distance of twelve hundred and thirty-four
miles. These marches, in the main, have been
made tlnough the uninhabited solitudes arid ster-
ile deserts which stretch away between the set-
tlements of the Atlantic and Pacific coasts, upon
routes which afforded nothing to facilitate the ad-
vance, except only the herbage which the beasts
of burden might pluck by the way-side.
Every item of supply, from a horse-shoe nail
to the largest piece of ordnance, has been carried,
from the depots, along the whole line of those
tedious marches, to be ready at the exact mo-
; ment when necessity might call for them. The
; country traversed could yield nothing. The
. labor, foresight, method, and care requisite to
1 systematize, and the energy, activity, and per-
| sistence to carry out such operations by the dif-
1 ferent departments, deserve the attention of the
i countty, and, m my opinion, its commendation
i too. No disaster has befallen the Army through-
| out its immense ramifications; and the privations,
j hardships, toils, and dangers to which it has been
; continually subjected, have been borne without
; a murmur.
i There has been, for a long time, much exhibi-
: tion of an insubordinate and hostile spirit among
• the Tndt;m tribes of Washington and Oregon To'r-
1 ri tones, and. during the past spring and early part
! of summer, it broke out into open hostility. A
very large forcc of Indians attacked a compara-
tively smafl*party of our people, who, after an
ineffectual resistance and the loss of some brave
officers and men, were forced to retreat. This
was the signal for a general rising of the tribes,
and an alliance was speedily formed between the
powerful tribes of Spokanes and Cceur d'Alenes,
together with many straggling warriors from
amongst the Faiouses and other tribes. Immedi-
ately upon this outbreak, Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral Claik, in command of the department of the
Pacific, with great promptness and with a wise
forecast, concentrated in a masterly manner the
v/idely-scattered forces under his command and
precipitated them into the heartof the Indian coun-
try, where a powerful Indian foice was already
assembled to meet him. The campaign was pros-
ecuted with great activity and vigor by Colonel
Wright, of the ninth infantry, who gave battle to
the Indians on several occasions, always routing
, them completely. After beating their forces, cap-
1 turing many prisoners, and destroying large
; amounts of property and laying waste their coun-
! try, the Indians surrendered at discretion, with
their wives and children, and sued abjectly for
peace. The criminal offenders amongst them,
heretofore guilty of murder and rapine, the chief
. instigators of all dissatisfaction amongst those
tribes and the immediate cause of the recent hos-
tilities, were surrendered, tried, and executed.
, A permanent peace has been established by
treaties entered into with them, and the Army has
| been already distributed to points where the pres-
; ence of a force was greatly needed. The officers
: and men of this command deserve the thanks of
i the countiy foi the efficient and soldierly manner
' in which they have borne themselves in thepros-
| ecution of the campaign.
I The forces employed in the Territory of New
