14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Mexico have been called upon also to repel Indian
aggressions and chastise the formidable and war-
like tribe of the Navajos. These savages have
for some time evinced a spirit of insubordination
and discontent, which at last broke out into an
open defiance of our authority, and was followed
by the murder of a negro man within the precincts
of the camp.
The declining health of Brevet Brigadier Gen-
eral Garland necessitated his return to the States,
which devolved the command of that department
upon Colonel Bonneville. This officer promptly
and with very proper foresight put on foot the
expedition against the Indians, and the campaign
has, up to the last advices, been conducted with
skill, ability, activity, and courage. The enemy
has been met on several occasions, and always
routed, although our disparity of numbers has
always been very great. Our troops have suc-
ceeded, also, in taking a considerable amount of
the Indian property, consisting of cattle and grain.
This war is still prosecuted with-vigor, and the
Indians show no disposition to abandon then-
warlike attitude or ask for peace. The Navajos
are very rich in herds and flocks, and possess con-
siderable quantities of grain, enough at least to
enable them, for some time, to keep up resistance
and prosecute the war. They can probably num-
ber about three thousand mounted warrors—an
extremely formidable force, particularly in the
wild and remote country they inhabit. Then-
shall be no relaxation in prosecuting tins war until
the savages are brought absolutely under the
yoke.
In the State of Texas and upon itsborders, there
has been, and still is, at this time, raging an In-
dian war between our troops and that most for-
midable of all the tribes, the Camanches of the
plains, and their kinsmen and allies, the Kiowaa.
These people have, for a long tune, I>een commit-
ting petty outrages upon the inhabitants of our
frontiers and travelers upon the loads leading in
the vicinity of their haunts. Those depredations
brought on at last a light between our ttoops and
their warriois, which, for fierceness and determ-
ination, was very remarkable in Indian waU'ue.
The Indians were routed with considerable Josh
of killed and wounded by out ttoops, most effi-
ciently commanded by Major Van Dorn, who
also succeeded m capturing a number of then
horses.
This war we may look upon as just be( un, and
the probabilities are that it uill be one of fierce-
ness, and may be one of consideial^ duration.
Every means will be taken to pmseeute it with
vigor and to terminate it with all possible speed.
You will sec, sir, from this rapid nnnative,
that our little Army has been called upon, during
the last year, to carry on a war extending uvi 1
nearly the whole space embi aced between th<- pai-
allels of 3'2° and 4b° of north latitude, and extend-
ing over a space of more than fifteen hundred
miles. It is not, then, a matter of supnse that
our thirteen regiments, engaged m these, wars and
the Mormon lebeliion, should hove been called
upon, m the performance of these arduous ser-
vices, to accomplish the extraordinary feat of
marching an average distance of neaily thirteen
hundred miles.
Ill addition to the operations above spoken of,
troops have been moved upon the northwestern
frontier and stationed in such manner a^ to aflord
protection, as far as possible, to the border settle-
ments of that region. Much apprehension, fiom
ihe hostile manifestations of the savages beyond
the confines of Iowa mid Minnesota, has been felt
by the frontier settlements of those .States, and 1
regret to say our force is not sufficient to spare
troops in such numbers as wdl quiet altogether
these alarms.
MAP OF POSTS AND ROADS.
i j
I have caused a map to be made, which accom- i j
panics tins report. It shows at a glance all the j
military posts occupied by our troops and the ii
roads to be tiaveled in passing to them. Such of
these posts as are garrisoned must be supplied
with everything, and these supplies must be trans-
ported to them whenever and wherever they are
needed, regardless of all obstacles. If these posts
were permanently occupied by fixed numbers of
troops, it would be easy to furnish an exact esti-
mate of cost, both for supplies and their trans-
portation. But it is very far otherwise, when the
supplies are contingent upon the accidental num-
ber of troops which the exigencies of the service
may require at a given point, and the season of
the year when they ar.eto be moved. The number
of posts and their positions exhibited by the map,
and the extraordinary distances traversed by our
troops, demonstrate that both economy and the
proper efficiency of the Army require an increase
of it. "Whilst I have no recommendation to make
upon the subject, knowing, as I do, the action of
Congress upon this subject at the last session,
yet I feel constrained to lay these facts before
you and the country, that any apparent lack of
efficiency in the Army in giving complete protec-
tion to our frontiers may be set down to the want
of numbers, and not to any want of activity on
the part of our troops.
Upon this point 1 beg leave to call your atten-
tion to the views of the General-in-Chief.
The operations of the army in connection with ,
the Territory of Utah, since the date of my last 1
report, deserve particular notice. They have been j
m themselves important; and fraught with most I
important results. j
With the inception and progressof the Mormon ;
rebellion, up to the meeting of Congress last year, !
the country is familiar. Jt is familiar also with i
the importance ascribed to it by Congress, with ;
the leasons assigned by that body for appropri- j
atmg tile large sCtms of rnonej' necessary for
crushing the treason at a single blow. The prep- j
araiions di Inst made to accomplish this object I
have heretofore reported. But the final prepara- !
turns for fitting out the expedition, and the actual i
movement of the troops upon that remote and (
difficult Territory, have not until now been made i
the subject of official communication, nor have !
the highly beneficial consequences resulting fiom j
the policy of that movement been as yet brought j
to your notice or to that of the public. I
After the open acts ol war peipetrated by the
Moi mon people against the United Slates,m seiz-
ing the pioviMun trains of ournrmy, din! destroy-
ing them With 111 e, and in stealing and d nvieg off :
the herds of cattle and hordes belonging to the 1
command , ah hough these were esse n ha1, as every-
body supposed, to the maintenance ofoui tioops 1
and their protection against starvation, these peo- i
pie continued to manifest every proof of a fixed '
denomination to push their treason to the ex- j
tremity of bloodshed and war. They not only i
proclaimed martial law in that Territory without
a pretext, but against every principle of justice, '
of law, and of the Constitution ; they embodied :
then whole foue of effective men, and k'°pt them '
constantly drilled and under arms, hovering about '
our encampment, seeking a favorable moment, if :
one should ever offer itself, to cut off and destroy
the whole command. They fortified the narrow !
mountain passes leading towards the town and
chief settlements where they reside, and collected !
from remote neighborhoods all the deluded people ;
belonging to their sect. Every preparation which '
indicated a spintof deteimined hostility, of iebet- 1
hon, of tieason, and wai, characterized these pco- j
pie in every action, and nothing but menace and ;
defiance towards the United States authorities i
ever fell from the hps of their chief impostor or |
any of his confederates. '
"When a small force was first sent to Utah, the j
Mormons attacked and destroyed their trains, and i
made readv for a general atiackupon the column, i
When a sufficient powei was put on foot to put ;
success beyond all doubt,their blusterand bravado j
sank into whispers of tenoi and submission. i
This movement upon that Territory was de- !
manded by the moral sentiment of the country, !
was due to o vindication of its laws and Consti-
tution, and was essential to demonstrate the power
of the Federal Government to chastise insubor- ;
dmation and quell lebclhon, however formidable ;
from numbers or position they might seem to be, j
Adequate preparations, and a prompt advance of i
the army, was an act of mercy and humanity to
those deluded people, for it prevented tneetrusion
of blood.
These people, however, still evince a spirit of
insubordination and moody discontent. They
keep up strictly their organization, which has for
its object and end the complete exclusion of Fed-
eral authority from all participation in the gov-
ernmental affairs of the Territory, beyond a mere
hollow show. The head man or chief of their sect
rules the people with absolute power, and under
his dictation the temper they manifest towards,
the Government and the army is that of a con-
quered people towards a foreign enemy. The
necessity which called for the presence'of troops
in Utah will require a strong force still to be kept
there. The reports from the commissioners sent
to Utah for the purpose of ascertaining the exact
condition of things are already in your hands, and
are at once useful and interesting. Nothing could
be more praiseworthy than the just and impartial
mannerin which those gentlemen discharged their
delicate and responsible duties.
The conduct of both officers and men attached
to the army of Utah has been worthy of all praise.
The commander, Brevet Biigadier General A. S.
Johnston, who joined his command at a time of
great trial and embarrassment, with a calm and
lofty bearing, with a true and manly sympathy
for all around him, infused into his command a
spirit of serenity and contentment which amounted
to cheerfulness, amidst uncommon hardships and
privations which were unabated throughout the
tedious and inclement season of the winter. The
destruction of our trains by the Mormons, the
disasters which necessarily flowed from it, drove
General Johnston to the necessity of sending a
detachment of men to New Mexico for supplies
essential to preserve the whole command from the
greatest extremity, and to enable him to prose-
cute his march with all piacticable dispatch.
This expedition was intrusted to Captain R. B.
Marcy, of the fifth infantry; and, without intend-
ing to make an individious comparison between
the services of officers where all are meritorious,
it is but just to bring the conduct of this officer
and his command to your especial notice. It may
be safely affirmed that, in the whole catalogue
of hazardous expeditions scattered so thickly
through the history of our border warfare, filled
as many of them are with appalimg tales of pri-
vation, hardship, and suffenng, not one surpasses
this; and m some particulars it has been hardly
equaled by any.
Captain Marcy*left Fort Bridger on the 24th
day of November, 1857, with a command of forty
enlisted men and twenty-five mountain men,herd-
ers, packers, and guidt s. Their course lay through
an almost trackless wilderness, over lofty and
rugged mountains, without a pathway or a hu-
man habitation to guide or direct, in the very
depth of winter, through snows, for many miles
together, reaching to the depth of five feet.
Their beasts of burden very lap.dly perished until
very few weie left; their supplies gave out: their
luggage was abandoned; they were dtiven to sub-
sist upon the carcasses of their dead horses and
mules; alt the men became gieatly emaciated;
some were frost-bitten; yet not one murmur of
discontent escaped the lips of a single man. Their
mission was one of extieme importance to the
movements of the army, and great disaster might
befall the command if these devoted men failed to
bring succor to the camp They had one and all
volunteered for this service, and, although they
might freeze or die, yet they would not com-
plain.
After a march of fifty-one days they emerged
from the forests, and found themselves at Fort
Massachusetts, m NewMrxico. During their
whole march Captain Marcy shared all the priva-
tions of the common solchei—maiching, sleeping,
eating as they did. After a short delay at this
post, for the purpose of recruiting his party and
procuring all neecssary supplies for his return,
he set out {or the army at Fort Bridger.
In the mean time information reached the De-
partment that the Mormons were organizing a
party to intercept Captain Marcv's return with
the supplies, to " sfampede'Mus animals,and cut
off his party. Prompt measures were taken to
reinforce Captain Marcy, so as to prevent such
a catastrophe. Information of this further Mor-
mon treason leached General Garland, then com-
manding the department of New Mexico, in time
to send a detachment of the mounted rifles suf-
ficient for protection.
