1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m9
that war which has been made upon slavery for
years past; and even that is doubtful—but that is
the only remedy.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I would inquire
of the gentleman whether the $45,000 is not the
exact sum stipulated to be paid to the Coloniza-
tion Society for maintaining and educating these
negroes ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will say to the gentle-
man, in reply to that, that upon looking into this
particular cjuestion, I was given, by the clerk of
the Committee oTWays and Means, a statement
from the Secretary of State, which stated that
$30,000 was the sum required. Now, I say, the
question is between the gentleman from Missouri
and the Secretary of State. If the Secretary of
State has misled mo, he if responsible for it, and
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means knows full well that I would not give my
support to that proposition. If the amount was
$45,000, instead of ^30,001), I would have moved
to reduce it to §30,000.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. A contract was
made by the President of the United States, with
the Colonization Society, for the maintenance of
those Africans, and, if §30,000 is necessary for
that purpose, it will be paid under the appropr^
ation. The contract stipulates that so much per
head .shall be paid for the support and mainte-
nance of those negroes for twelve months after
their arrival in Africa, subject to a pro-rata de-
duction from the price stipulated in the event of
the death of any of them before they are landed
in Africa.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I will say, in reference to
that, tiiat if the President shall appropriate the
$45,000 to the education and schooling of those
Africans, it will be no fault of mine. I supported
the amendment offered yesterday by the gentle-
man from Mississippi, that no part of it shall be
used for that puipose. If the President dues that,
as a matter of course, th% result will be that the
bounty of twenty-live dollars a head, which the of-
ficers and crew of the rapturing vessel ore entitled
to, cannot be paid. The President can take his
choice between paying to American citizens, at-
tached to the American N'avy, the bounty to which
they are entitled under the law, or appropriating
it to the education and support of those negroes
in Afiica. If they are to be educated, it could be
done better in tins country than abroad. 1 would
like to have a vote m this House, which would
show how many Representatives upon this floor
will vote for educating Africans in Liberia, whilst
there are hundreds of poor whites in their own
districts who could not get one dollar for such a
purpose out of the Treasury. In the South, at
least, we look upon white people as being as good
as negroes, to say the ieast of it.
I would like to have a test vote on that partic-
ular question.
Mr. SMITH, 'of Virginia. Will the gentleman
allow me ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SAIITH, of Virginia. There is not one
word in the bill that countenances the idea of ed-
ucating these Africans.
Mr. CRAWFORD. But the gentleman from
Virginia knows.fuil well that a contractiias been
entered into for that purpose; and it is no escape
for him and those who vote for this proposition
that they do not know it is so, for I assure tiiem
it is so.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman, I will say this: The law is
one thing, the administration of it another. If .
the law itself be unexceptionable, then no objee- j
tion can be urged to it. If the Administration ;
execute the law impioperly, that is a subject for '
animadversion, and it will no doubt receive an- !
imadversion; but this is no way to bestow it. j
Let the gentleman read the section. It is this: j
-•To enable the Pi evident of the United blares to cany j
into etieet the act of (Jon-jies^ of 3d March, 1; 19. rind any
biihsequcnc aeN now ia lotce ibi the tMippu'ssion of the ■
slave trade, £'."(.1)0:): Prorvled, That f-o much of said ap- |
pfopriution may he inquired to pay expenses :ilu\idy in- '
curred may ho u*ed horn and airei the pa.s>iu.'eot lhi--aef,:' |
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman from j
Virginia how these expenses weie incurred, and |
whether he is not informed as to the manner in ;
which they were incurred? <.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I answer the gentle- •
man's question distinctly, that whether the ex- j
penses have been incurred in one way or another, j
is a matter of no consequence. The question is:
is this section right? is it proper for us to pass a
law placing funds in the hands of the Executive
for executing the legislation of Congress for the
suppression of the slave trade?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the gentleman
whether existing legislation authorizes the Presi-
dent to enter into contracts to support, school,
and civilize and Christianize these negroes in
Africa, as has been stated by the gentleman from
Missouri, [Mr. Phelps?]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia., I answer the gen-
tleman by saymg to him that that may be a mal-
administration of the law; but I put it to him
whether that can be remedied in the way now
proposed ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. I think it can be; and it
is for that reason I propose to do it. I say to the
gentleman now, that if he votes for this proposi-
tion, and if it should be enacted into a law, it will
give the same construction to the act of 1819 for
the next half century, if the Government should
last so long. If the section had appropriated
$5,000,000, would the gentleman from Virginia
have voted for it?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would not have
voted for it, because no such sum could possibly
have been necessary. But here is a subject that has
been investigated by a committee of the House.
The amount is not large. I was for reducing it
to existing liabilities; but I will not, because there
is an excess of some $30,000, throw away the
whole bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I, ask the gentleman
whether, instead of bringing in only the captured
' negroes of the Echo, those of the Wanderer had ,
j been brought in, and to the number of twenty
! thousand more, and the President should make
j a contract for schooling, educating, and Chris-
! tianizing them in Africa, he would vote to give
! effect to that contract?
| Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Whv, the gentle-
man himself wanted to have $45,000 put into the
bill. That was to execute existing law, the gen-
tleman says. That being his object, the gentle-
man commits himself to making similar provision
for every vessel that comes thus freighted.
Mr. CRAWFORD. No, sir; ( commit myself
to no such thing. J commit myself to the pay-
ment of the bounty and the support while hero,
and the transportation back,just as I understand
and construe the law, and as every court in the
country would constiue it. While other gentle-
men commit themselves to a construction that is
humanitarian and sentimental in character, I etand
on the naked law itself, and obey its requirements.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will say this:
that I certainly should not approve the expendi-
ture of any portion of the public money for the
purpose of educating Africans in Africa or any-
where else.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Exactly; and that is the
icavson why I voted aguunst this bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But I say that that
is not the way of preventing it. This debate will ;
prevent it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I propose now to show
why I agieed to pay *,45,000. I have, sir, before
me the act of 1815). Thatact provides, in the first
piace, that the President of the United States shall
employ the vessels of the United States for the
p^-pose of captunngand bringing in such vessels
as may be engaged m the slave trade; and in the
next place it gives the President power to send
these vessels on our own coast or on the coast of
Africa to accomplish this purpose. It enacts, ij
alsq, that a bounty of twenty-five dollars per head j j
shall be paid to the officers and crews of the com- !'
missioned vessels of the United States for each 11
negro, mulatto, or person of color, that shall be !;
delivered to the marshal. !>
Now, the captors of this slaver were entitled to I j
twenty-five dollars per head, on two conditions: !i
one is that they shall deliver the negroes to the
United States marshal where they^Iarul. The 'j
other is that they shall deliver the offending crew jj
and oftend ing officers of the slaver to the civil au- } j
thorities of the United States They have done j!
both, performed the conditions, and, as a conse- [i
quence, are entitled to the money.
Now, the question is, whether the officers and I
crew in this case, entitled to the bounty as thriy ■
are, shall be paid. The law is on the statute- j;
book, and it would be a violation thereof to re- 1!
fuse to vote this $45 ,000 to these men who are
thus entitled. I did not make the law, but while
it is the law I will execute it.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the gentleman from
Georgia whether it was not his purpose in sub-
mitting his amendment, to cut off all that part of
the appropriation that was intended to pay. the
Colonization Society under their contract with the
President ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. It was intended'to cut off
that portion of it which-the Secretary of State said
was to be used by the Colonization Society for the
purposes named.
Mr. MILLSON. Was that not the whole
amount agreed to be paid for the shelter and sup-
port, as well as for the schooling, of these Afri-
cans ?
Mr. CRAWFORD. So it was; but it was to
be used in Africa, whilst the law makes it the
duty of Congress to pay for the support and main-
tenance and keepiyg of these negroes from the
time they are landed on our coast, until the Presi-
dent shall have sent them out of the country*, and
no longer.
Mr MILLSON. I ask the gentleman if it was
not his purpose to reduce the appropriation to the
extent that was to be paid to the Colonization
Society ?
~ Mr. CRAWFORD. It was to reduce the. ap-
propriation simply to the extent that it was to be
used for these negroes after they had passed from
our country and had been landed in Africa.
Mr. MILLSON. So I said; but that was not
the^xpression or understanding of many gentle-
men who voted for your proposition; and what I
wanted was to explain that.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not know the rea-
sons for gentlemen's votes; but I desire to say,
so far as I am concerned, that there is not in my
mind the shadow of a doubt with regai*4 to the lia-
bility of this Government to p'ay for the keeping
of these Africans, to support and maintain them
while in theUqited States, and to send them back
to Africa and deliver them to our agent. I will
vote for that, because it is to carry out existing
law—not that I would make it; but at the same
time, f iind it on the statute-book, and it is my
duty, as a matter of course, to vote for an appro-
priation to carry it out, so long as it is the law.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
if I understand the gentleman aright? The gen-
tleman will vote $45,000 as the sum necessary to
meet the existing engagements of the Executive.
Mr. CRAWFORD. No,sh; not the existing
engagements; only so far as they follow the law.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Yes, sir^ the ex-
isting engagements or liabilities of the Govern-
ment on account of this cargo of Africans sent
back to Africa in the Niagara. He is willing to
pay the amount that that transaction will cost,
and that transaction as I understand it, was fol-
lowed by a contract which embraces safe-keep-
ing, provisions, shelter,and education.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Yes, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand, and
the gentleman has himself told me, that the con-
tract provide^ for all that.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The contract does, but
not the law.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The contractdoes.
Well, now how can the gentleman separate those
particular features under thisappropriation? Does
lie not, m voting for the appropriation of $45,000,
vote for the whole of them*
Mr. CRAWFORD. No, sir.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But under the ori-
ginal appropriation in the bill, there would be
$30,000 left to bo expended in a similar way, and,
i suppose, under another contract which maybe
made hereafter for the return of other captured
Africans.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I repeat, emphatically,
what I said before, that on referring to the law I
find that after these Africans are brought here it
is the duty of the President to provide: first, for
their " safe-keeping." That does not imply C! edu-
cation." Jn the next plac1, 1 find that it is the
duty of the President to provide for their " sup-
poi t" ivhiht here, as the next words show, " and
their removal beyond the limits of the* United
States." Now, I call upon the friends of this
measure to show me the word "support" after
that point m the law. It is not there. Pie is
authorized, as I have said, to provide for their
