640 ♦
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 27.
safe-keeping and support whilsthere, and remove
them to Africa; and if that wer^ all that the Pres-
ident had done, the proposition urged by the
gentleman could be properly considered by the
House. But that is not the case.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this act was passed in 1819,
and I am free to say that the South supported it
and voted for it. What was their object ? They
voted for it for the reason that the negroes brough t
to this country were wild, uncultivated savages,
and it was unsafe to turn them loose here. Why,
sir, South Carolina, in 1760, was the first State,
by her colonial Legislature, to pass a resolution
fof the purpose of putting a check to the slave
trade. And what was the result of that action?
South Carolina received a rebuke at the hands of
the English Government; and, m addition to that,
circulars were sent not only to herGrovernor, but
to every other one throughout the colonies, warn-
ing them against a similar outrage; for thus it was
then considered. In 1819, upon the passage of
this act, the whole South was in favor of it; but
how, in 1859, pressed as she has been for thirty
years upon thd subject, she stands to some ex-
tent divided; knowing, as she docs know, that
laborers from Europe and Asia are not adapted
to the cultivation of her great staples of cotton,
sugar,, and rice, and that vastly more of labor can
be employed profitably within her limits, many
patriotic citizons are openly for a repeal of those
laws prohibiting the importation of African la-
borers to such of the States as might desire to do
so. The repeal of these laws depends upon the
men of the North, and not upon us. %
As I said before, South Carolina and other
States early moved in this matter; but to-day we
stand in a different position, and our opinions of
slavery arc deferent from what they were then.
Then it was the custom of our private and our
public men to excuse themselves for its existence
among them; but " Abolition" movements, from
18^0 to this time, have caused investigation and
discussion of the subject until it is stronger in the
South than ever before; and although its enemies
have increased, it never had so many friends as
at this time. No southern man condemns it as
an evil, either moral or political; and so far from
apologizing for it here now, as our Representatives
did in 1820, we stand here us advocates and de-
fenders. Moieover, we say to you of the North,
who advocate the doctrines advanced both here
and in another place, tluit if it is a war between
the States and Territories for free labor or slave
labor—that "all must be free or all must be
slave"—-you but hasten the day when, upon the
plains orAnzona and the territory south of us,
even to Central America, you will find the South
equal to the necessity which you have imposed
upon her, and a perpetuation of slavery, which
time itself can scarcely compute. The question
therefore rests with the Noith. Lot us alone and
we are content; if we are driven to the importa-
tion of African Iaboiers it will be your fault, not
ours.
Mr. BRANCH. I am satisfied that the Tlouse
is now prepared to sustain my motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was rejected; and
I therefore demand the previous question on that
motion. If the motion to reconsider prevails, I
shall then move to reconsider the vote by which
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. SEWARD. I desire to know whether
any consent is understood to be given, by which
the parliamentary law is to bo evaded in reaching
a vote on this question ? Because I shall objcct
to anything that is not strictly in order. ,
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware that
any such arrangement has been made by any-
body.
Mr. MILLSON. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to withdraw the call for the pre-
vious question. 1 df sue to say a word or two.
Mr. BRANCH. I would do it tor no gentle-'
man in the House with more pleasure than for
my friend from Virginia, but I urn afraid of the
effect of throwing open this debate again. It has
been going on now for days and almost weeks,
and I am reluctantly compelled to insist on the
previous question.
Mr. M1LLSON. I only desire to speak for
about ten minutes, and 1 will tiieh renew the de-
mand for tile previous question.
Mr. BRANCH. I must insist on my motion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered. •
Mr.'BONHAM. I would inquire of the Chair
whether, if we reconsider both the votes which
the gentleman from North Carolina intimates his
purpose to move to reconsider, the bill can be re-
formed/ I am informed by friends around me
that it cannot.
The SPEAKER. The bill will be open to
amendment if the House shall reconsider the vote
by which it was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time.
. Mr. BONHAM. Does it require a two-thirds
vote ?
The SPEAKER. It does not.
,Mr. COVODE. I move that the whole subject
be laid upon the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The vote by which the bill was rcjcctcd was
then reconsidered.
Mr. BRANCH. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third tune; and on that motion I de-
mand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays.
. The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the a flu mative.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred, " Sl)all the bill bo
engrossed and read a third time ?"
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now submit
the motion, not with the purpose of myself vot-
ing for it, but for the purpose of giving the House
an opportunity of voting on the several proposi-
tions to strike out the missions for Persia, Switz-
erland, Rome, and Buenos Ayres. I call for a
separate vote upon each,and demand the previous
question.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man to nielude the mission to Japan.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri I cannot,because
the House has already had a separate vote upon
that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I will not
vote for the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will
include Austria in lnstnotion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
from Ohio will sec 
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate.
Air. PHELPS, of Missouri. I withdraw the
demand for the previous question, to enable mo
to reply to the gentleman from Ohio, who asks
me also to move to stiike out Austria, it seems
to me that is asking too much.
Mr. STANTON. I understood that country to
have been included m the gentleman's original
motion. *
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It was not; and
the motion was not even made as a sepaiate mo-
tion m committee. However, I will include Aus-
tria in my motion; and now 1 demand the previ-
ous question.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope the gentleman will
also allow us to have a vote upon the last clause
of the bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I cannot, becat^
the House has already voted by yeas and nays
once upon that question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question was first upon striking out from
the tenth line of the bill the word " Austria."
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
! the negative—yeas 7], nays 120; as follows:
J YEAS—Messr«. Abbott, Andrew^, Bennett, Bingham,
' oii.-s, Kiavton, Buffington, Bmhngame, Buu"u«hs, Cumj,
j Claw-on. Clatk B. Cochrane, Uolia\. Covodr. Ciagin.Cui
; ti-\ J>a\  s of Iowa, Da we,-, Dean. Dick, Dodd. Duifee, Fatiis-
! worth. Fenum. Guldings, Oilman, Gilmer, Grander, Giow,
1 nculan, If.ti11-, Hoard, Kelloirir, Kel>ey. Kiluore, ICnapp,
1 L<ach, Leitei. Lovejov, Matteson, Morgan, Oliver A.
j .Mur-H, Mort, .Mtnray, Nichols, Olm, Palmer,Paikei, ''ike,
] Potter, Pottle, Pmvunec, Ricaud, Robbing Iloyce, San-
I duige, John Sheiman, Spinner, Sianton. Wiiham Stewait,
i Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Vance, Wade, Walbrrdge,
j Waldroh, Walton, Cadwaiadei C. Washburn, Elhhu B.
i Wn-hbunie, and Wilson—71.
| NAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Avery, Barks-
' dale, Ban, Bishop, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie, Boyce,
j Branch, Biyan, Burnett, Burns, Caruthers, Chapman,
' John B. Claik, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockeall,
| Cormns, Corning, Cox, James Craig, Crawfoid, Davidson,
| Davis of Indiana, Dewai t, Dowdeil, Edrnundson, Enstis,
j Faulkner, Florence,Fobv,Foster,Gamett.rf*artiell, Gillis,
i Gooch, Goade, Greenwood, Gregg, Groefbeck, Lawrence
| W Hall, Hatch, Hawkins. Hodges, Hopkins, Honon,
Houston, Howard, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, George W.
Jones, Owen Jones. Lamar, Latidy, Lawrence, Leidy,
Lctchcr, Maclay,McKibbin, McQueen, M< Ilea. Humphrey
Marshall, Samuel S. Mar>ball. Mason, Ma\nard, Miles,
Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Mooie, Morirli, Edward Joy
Morris, Freeman H. Mor o, Niblack, Pendleton, Pettit. Pey-
ton, John S. I'helps, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Powell,
Ready, Ritchie, Roberts, Ruffin, Ru&sell, Scott, Searing,
Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw, Shorter, Sickles,
Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Stalt-
worth, Stephen®. Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot,
George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Underwood, Valiandigham,
Ward, White, Wmslow, Wood. Woodson. Wortendyke,
Augustus R. Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffer—1520
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MOORE stated that Mr. Curry had left
the Plouse on account of indisposition.
Mr. WHITELEY stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Edie.
The question then recurred on striking out, in
the eleventh line, the word " Persia."
The amendment was agreed to.
* The question then recurred upon striking out
the word " Switzerland," in the eleventh line of
the bill. *
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon striking out
from the eleventh line, the word Rome,"
Mr. EUST1S called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 76, nays 111); as follows:
YEAS —Me^is. Abbott, Bennett, Biilmghurst, Bliss,
Bnlhnlo!!, Bm luigame, Horace F. Claik, Clark B.Cochiane,
Colfax:, Ciundo, Ciai'tn. Cuuk, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis ol Jowa. Dawes, Dean, Dick. Dodd, lhitfee, Fenton,
Garnett. Giddings. Gil man. Gilmer, Grander, Crow, Harlan,
Ham.-, llouMon,Geoiyo W#Jones Keim, Kellogg,
lvilgoiv, Knapp. Leach, Lejiei, Lovejov, Matteson, May-
natd. Moore, Morgan, Oliver A Moi-e, Mott, Muriav, Olin,
Palmer, Paikei, 1'ike, Potter. Pottle. Read}, Itu-aad,
Ritchie, Robbiin, Rutlin, Sandidsje. Iloniv M. Shaw. John
Sherman. Spmner, Stanton, Wiiliam Slewait, Tappan,
Tompkins, Trippo,' Vance, -Wade, Walhridge, VVakhon,
Walton. Klldiu B. Wa-hhui nc, VVils-on, and Zoihcoffer—76.
1VAYS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Andiew^, Aveiy, Baiks-
| dale. Barr, Bii-hop. Bonham, Bowie, Boyce, Btanch, Bryan,
i Burnett, Buin<, Canuheis, Caskie, Chapman, .John B.
Claik, Chu. Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockenl1, Comius,
1 Cornine Cu\, .Tames Ciaig. Hurton Ciaige, Ciawford, Da-
i vid-on, Davi< of Indiana, Dowait, Dowdeil, Edmundson,
I Eustis., F.iinsvvorth, Faulkner, Floience, Foley, Fo&ter,
i Gartrell, Gilhs, Gouoh. Goode, Greenwood, Greiig, Gioes-
, beck, Lawietu-e XV. Hall, Hawkins, Hoard. Hodges, Hor-
I ton, Howard, Hughes, Iluyler, Jackson, Owen Jon<j>, La-
! mar. (jandy, Lawiein'O, Leidy,Letcher, Maclay. McKibbm,
I McUu"eu, McRae. Jlumphrev M.u>hall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Mason. xMiles, ."\hllci, Mill-on, Montgomeiy, Morull,
1 Fdwaid Joy Mum>. J'-aac N. Mollis, Freeman II. Mot-c,
j t Niblack, Nichols, Pendleion, Peitit,Peyton.,John S. Phelps,
1 Pin Hips, Powell. Pui viaix'e, Robert. Royce. Ru«se|!. Scott,
i Seumiir. Sewaid, Aaiou Shaw, Shoiiei, Sickle«, Robert
; Smith, Samuel A Smith, Willi.tin Smith' Stallwoitli, Ste-
• ! p!n:ii<. Stevenson. James A. Stowait, Talbot. Geoige Tay-
i; lor, Miles Tajloi, Thavei, Underwood, Vallandiyhatn,
W.ird, Cadwnlath.i'C. W.tshburu. isi act Washburn, White,
: Wmslow, Wood, Woodson, Woiteiiujke, Augustus R.
Wnght. and John V. Wnght—110.
1 So the amendment was not agreed to.
1 The question then recurred upon striking out,
in thecleventh line, the words " ihienos Ayres,"
I Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I merely desire
! to say that this is not a new mission. It does not
1 include any new appointment, and only §'<2,700
, additional apptopnatiini.
Mr. SEWARD. I object to debate.
| Mr. GROW called tor the yeas and nays.
! The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
ii Mr. PHELPS, of iMissoun. The House has
| stricken the Persia mission from the bill; and I
|' now ask the unanimous consent to reduce the ap-
I propriation $10,000.
1 Mr. SEWARD. I object.
ij The biii was then ordered to be engrossed, and
!! read-a third time; and being engrossed, it was
l: accordingly read the third time.
I; Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved the pre-
,| vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio, demanded the yeas
and nays upon the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ord« rod.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 91, nays 93; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, Avery, Barks-
