1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
643
As to the ability of the parties to prosecute
their claim before the Court of Claims, I will
state, that the petition shows that these parties
composed a portion of a company that was robbed,
and part of which was murdered, by the Mohave
Indians on the Colorado rive£,as they were going
to California on the route*of the thirty-fifth paral-
lel. The petition shows that they were stripped of
everything on that occasion; and that they were
in the town of Albuquerque, New Mexico, sup-
ported by the charities of the people there. They
were stripped of their clothing; their stock and
their wagofcs were taken from them, and they
were there clothed and fed by the citizens of Al-
buquerque. I think the Senator from Georgia
claims too much when he claims that there must
be more proof than that shown of the inability of
these parties to prosecute their ease before the
Court of Claims.
I will state, also, that my recollection of the case
is, that the petition contained a statement of facts,
which facts were verified by the petitioneis, and
also by the affidavit of another party, and there-
fore there is proof, as I suppose. It may not be
sufficient, perhaps; that is a matter for the com-
mittee to judge of; and perhaps the parties may
have an opportunity to present further proof, as
I have no doubt they can do. Besides, it should
be borne in mind by the Senate that this case
comes up under peculiar circumstances. Here is
an emigrant party going to California; they are
attacked by these Indians; quite a number of
them are murdered; their property is token fiom
them; they are robbed; and in what condition are
they to be required to present such proof as has
been indicated by the Senator from Georgia in his
remarks ?
It seems to me that the reference of this case to
the Court of Claims is a denial of any relief, and
I think nought to be allowed by the Senate to take
the same direction with similar cases,and lotitgo
before the Committee on Indian Affairs. There is
no case of a claim that comes before any commit-
tee of the Senate, where indemnity is demanded,
in which it is not necessary that proof should bp
presented; and if, becausc proof is necessary, the
case ought to go to the Court of Claims, then
every ease that comes before the Senate of the
character I have indicated ought to go to that
court.
I do not know these parties; but I must say
that I have sympathy for them. They were em-
igrants robbed by the Indians; part of their fam-
ilies were murdered; a few of them escaped, and
they got back to the settlements m New Mexico,
stripped of everything they had in the woild. It
presents a case, I think, which ought not to be
dealt with in the mannei in which the Senator from
Georgia seems disposed to deal with if. I think
the. Senate ought to allow it to go to the Commit-
tee on Indian AtFairs, and let it, at lea&t, share the
fate of similar cases now pending befoie that com-
mittee.
Mr. IVERSON. The remarks which I made
a little while ago were intended more to justify
the action of the Committee on Claims in repoit-
ing this case back with a recommendation that it
be presented to the Court of Claims, than to indi-
cate any opposition to its gomg'to the Committee
on Indian Affairs. I feel interest whatever in
the matter. As the Senator desires it to go to the
Comnmteeon Indian Affairs,and as they are will-
ing to take jurisdiction and examine the ca&e, I
have no soit of objection to that course being
taken.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator from Missouri restate his motion?
Mr. POLK, it is that the vote referring this
case to the Court of Claims be reconsidered, and
that the case be referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
Mr. GW1N. I want to corroborate what the
Senator from Missoun has said m legard to the«u
depredations, 'lhere are other cases that were
sent to me, and I have had them referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs. They arc proper
subjects for the investigation of that committee.
That committee has in\esugaied simihu ca^es,
and I hope the motion of tiie Senator irom Aiis-
souri will prevail.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to; and
the petition was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
GALVESTON CUSTOM-HOUSE.
Mr. WARD. Before entering regularly upon
the business of the day, I appeal to the courtesy
of the Senate to take up the resolution relating to
the custom-house at Galveston, which was re-
turned from the House of Representatives with
an amendment. The Resolution and amendment
have been referred to the proper committee; which
has reported unanimously in favor of the amend-
ment. My object is to have the joint resolution
taken up, and nave the concurrence of the Senate
in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the joint resolution (S. No.
54) for changing the plan of the custom-house at
Galveston, in the State of Texas, which is to add,
at the end of the resolution, the following:
And provided further* Thar the consent m wmtnjr of the
connactor* and their Mueiiesfor the con-tiiieuoa of said
ciwom-housse, to such alteration, shall be liust had, and
dehveu'd to the Sceietary of the Tieasuiy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho question
is on concurring m the amendment of the House
of Rep resentatives.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am opposed to the passage
of the joint resolution, and consequently to the
amendment, because 1 believe Us adoption would
be the passage of the resolution. I am prepared
to give the reasons why I am opposed to U. An
appiopiiation was made, in 1855, of $100,000, I
believe* for the construction of a custom-house
and Federal court-house and post officc in the
town of Galveston. The conditions of the con-
tract were, that it was to be completed in the space
of two years 
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to insist, that, the hour ;
having arrived for the special order, it shall be j
proceeded with. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright i
in the chair.) The hour for the consideration of i
the special order has arrived. [
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 move that the special order I
be postponed until this subject is disposed of. !
Mr. CLAY. I suggest a reason why we ought j
to dispose of this subject: the work on the cus- >
tom-house, post office, and court-house, at Gal- i
veston, is now suspended, awaiting the action of j
Congress on this joint resolution, which proposes [
to change the plan. Some of the citizens ot Gal- |
veston have appealed in a memorial, which "is on ■
file, for the change, and say that, unless it is made, !
the house will not ser\e the purpose for which it I
is being built, and indeed will be valueless. It is :
important that it should be acted on. 1 wish the :
Senate to dispose of it. I do not suppose any one
will have anything to sny upon H except the two
Senators from Texas, who disagree about it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the special order
be postponed for the purpose of disposing of this
matter.
Air. IVERSON. I wish to propose a compro-
mise with the Senator from Texas. I should
like to know how long he is going to speak.
Mi. HOUSTON. No longer than will enable
me to present the subject-matter to the consid-
eration of the Senate. I have no disposition to
enlarge on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Texas to
postpone tiie special older.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. "What the Senator from Ala-
bama says is true in relation to this matter. The
work is suspended; but the suspension of the
work for one day farther will not, in my humble
judgment, amount to much. I do not believe that
we ought to take this day^ which has been set
apart for private bills, and devote it to public
matters. We have devoted but a single day for
the whole session to private bills. I hope the
Senate will confine itself to the regular order.
Mr. WARD. I believe the Senators from
Texas have occupied as little time on private bills,
or anything else, as any other Senators on the
floor. I think we can soon dispose of this matter.
I presume it will not take long; I hope not. It
has been some time before the Senate, and I have
declined heretofore pressing it. I hope it will be
considered. ^ . '
Mr. HOUSTON. Before the yeas and nays
could be taken, I should have submitted the evi-
dence on which this bill depends, and let the
Senate vote directly on it. I have no disposition
whatever to occupy the time of the Senate, nor
am I particularly anxious to do so.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
13rodoiiek, Clnv, Clniginan, Davis, Fessenden, Fitch, Fitz-
puirick, Hou.-ton, Joinwm oi Tennessee, Reid, Rice, Sebas-
tian, Seward, iShdeil. Stuart, Toombs, Ward, and Yulee—
23.
NAYS—Mcssi?. Bates, Biown, Cameron, Chesnut, Crit-
tenden, Divon, Doohttle, Durkee, Foot, Foster, Green,
IJdle, Ilamini, Hammond, Hailan, Iverson, Jones. Ken-
nedy, King, M.whi,l'eaice,Polk, Pugh, Shields, Simmons,
Thomson of Now Jersey, TiumbuJl, Wade, and Wilson—
29.
So the Senate refused to postpone the special
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Private bills
are now in order.
CHARLES G. RIDGELY.
Mr. HALE. On the last day when the Senate
were in session on private bills, they passed a bill
for the relief of Captain Charles G. Ridgely. He
having died since the bill was introduced, it was
amended so as to be for the benefit of his legal
representatives. In justice to the honorable Sen-
ator from Maryland, [Mr. Kennedy,] who had
charge of the bill, and was not present when a
motion to reconsider was made by me, I move to
proceed to the consideration of that matter now,
as it is a private bill which was up the last time
that private bills were considered.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to take up for consideration the bill (S. No.
144) for the relief of the legal representatives of
Chailes G. Ridgely, of the United States Navy.
Mr. HALE. It is a private bill which was
passed last Friday, and there is a motion to re-
consider pending.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the bill, the question bei/)g on
reconsidering the vote by which it was passed.
Mr. HALE. As I made the motion to recon-
sider, I want simply (and it will take but a few
minutes) to present, from the document called
" the Senate list of private claims," published by
the Senate, the following abstract:
Clai'ii of Captain Charles G. Ridgely, of the United States Nai*y.
Nature of claim.
Rennbin-eiijcnt of ex-
pei)<c-= iiifimed 
Reunb'if-'-'tmrit of ex-
pel)-". inclined 
Reinibin'"rnent of ex-
IK'ti'so iiicuired 
Reimbursement of cx
pen-e-- in«*ui icd 
Reimbursement of cx
pen^es inclined 
Equitable >et'lenient ot
ui-eomitx lor certain
e\pi u ^ < incuiK d....
Eetuiiub.e>-el tlenienf ot
ai count**      
ReimbU!>mient ot e.\-
pen^o*; ineuned  
When piesented.
How pre-
sented. !
2d hess. 22d Cong..*. Momoiial.. Naval Affairs.
Ht &css. 9-lth Cong.. Petition... Foresail Relations.
2d sess. 24th Cong..
3d se^. 25th Cong..
3d sess. 27th Cong.
1st sess. 30th Cong..
2d &e&s.30th Cong..
33d Con?..
i
Petition...! Naval Allan's 
Petition...j Naval Affairs 
Petition Naval Affairs 
I
House IjiII | Foreign Relations.
House bill |   
Petition NavalAffait*.
Report.
Adverse...
Favorable.
Hill..;....
Adverse 
Amendment
Adverse...,
Laid on the table.
Discharged."
Laid on tho table.
Discharged.
Rejected.
Rejected; recon-
; Mdered.
* Manusenpt report, June 13, 1836; leave to withdiaw.
