1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the, Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Flag--Officer Forrest, of the Brazil squadron, in
January last, landed a detachment of marines at
Montevideo, When he arrived there a portion
of the people had taken up arms and were ad-
vancing to the capital. The Government applied
to the foreign agents to land an armed force to
protect the lives and property of the foreign res-
idents. A sufficient force was thereupon landed
from the vessels present, and Flag-Officer Forrest
selected to command it. A strict neutrality was
observed. The detachments returned to their re-
spective ships in about ten days, without coming
jhto collision with the revolutionists, they having
capitulated on their approach to the capital.
These particular instances of direct interference
ore mentioned as illustrative of the manner in
which the officers and vessels attached to the sev-
eral squadrons are employed in protecting Amer-
ican interests within the limits of their respective
stations. They are actively engaged in visiting
important points, displaying the American flag in
remote seas, interposing when necessary, inspir-
ing our citizens in distant countries with a feeling
of security, and exerting a salutary influence over
those who might otherwise be disposed to annoy
them. At no period, when we were not actually
engaged in war, has the Navy been more actively
employed than during the past year.
To the reports from the several bureaus I refer
for $ more particular account of their transactions
than I have been able to give consistently with
the brevity required in a general report. They
show the condition of the navy-yards, of the na-
val asylum, hospitals, and magazines; of the ord-
nance department proper, the Naval Academy,
the Naval Observatory, the new ships-of-war
under construction, anu the complete and ample
piovision made, with some exceptions, which
have been noticed, for the v/ants of those engaged
in the naval service. They exhibit statements of
expenditures in their respective branches, and es-
timates in detail of what will be required for the
ensuing fiscal year. To one recommendation in
t elation to the Naval Asylum I would particu-
laily advert—that of permitting the disabled or
worn-out seaman who has a home of his own, to
which he has returned to pass the remainder of
his days, to remain there and receive an annual
stipend in money, instead of compelling him to
leave it and resort to the asylum to obtain the
benefit of the provision which the Government
has made for him out of his own 'earnings. 1
would rccommend the enactment of a Jaw author-
izing this to be done.
I transmit, herewith, a communication from
the Superintendent of the Naval Observatory,
setting forth what has been accomplished by him
and those under his immediate supervision, and
what arc now the wants of the institution. In
reference to some of these wants X would observe
that they arise from exigencies of the naval ser-
\ ice,which are deemed more imperative than some
of the astronomical duties which have been sup-
posed to fall within the scope of the Naval Ob-
servatory. These duties are committed to the
charge of a distinguished astronomer, who is
aided in the performance of them by the profes-
sors of mathematics. The other duties of the
Naval Observatory connected with the examina-
tion of the logs of vessels transmitted there, the
ascertaining of prevailing winds and currents, and
the preparation of sailing directions, aie supposed
to be within the competency of accomplished na-
val officers who have graduated at the Naval
Acadcmy with distinction, and in detailing them
for duty at the Naval Observatory special refer-
ence i£ now always had to their qualifications for
this service.
Jn commending the subject of this communi.-
cation to particular attention, I should do injus-
tice to my own convictions were 1 not to express
my high appreciation of the labors of Commander
Maury, bestowed upon his wind and current
charts and sailing directions for many years past,
and of the benefits conferred by him upon com-
merce by giving the results of those labors to the
world. They are, in fact, part and parcel of the
present universal policy of civilized nations, to
shorten and accelerate the transit from place to
place, for ail purposes of commerce and intelli-
gence, to the utmost possible extent.
For the support of the Navy and marine corps,
and all other objects under the control of the
Navy Department, for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1858, the estimates were $13s803,212 77 ;
appropriations, $14,240,247 27 ; expenditures,
$13,870,684 76; there having been some curtail-
ment of expenditures by reason of the falling ofF
of the revenue.
For the fiscal year ending June 30, 1859, the
estimates were $14,616,298 23; appropriations,
$14,508,354 23, these having been largely re-
trenched in consequence of the diminution of the
revenue, and again increased by appropriating
$1,200,000 for eight light-draught war steamers,
which were not embraced in the estimates.
For the fiscal year ending June 30, 1860, the
estimates are $13,500,370 80, including &G74,000
for completing the eight light-draught steamers
authorized at the last session of Congress, and
not including the usual compensation of $935,850
for steamship mail service, which will then be
discontinued.
These estimates for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1860, are, for the Navy proper, $.9,470,879; for
the marine corps, $703,394 55; and for all other
objects, $3,326,097 25.
1 have the honor to be, very respectfully, ySur
obedient servant, ISAAC TOUCEY,
Secretary of the Navy.
The President of the United States.
Report of tlie Postmaster General#
Post Office Department,
December 4, 1858.
Sir: I have the honor to submit the following
report of the operations and business of the Post
Office Departmentsince my communication to you
of 1st December last.
express mail agents.
In my last annual report allusion was made to
improvements which were expected to result from
the employment of express agents to accompany
moils on the great routes from New York, Phila-
delphia, and Baltimore, westward.
Such servicc has now been in operation long
enough to demonstrate that its importance was not
over-estimated. Agents start with the great mails
morning and evening from New York for the
west—the latter going through without change to
Cincinnati; the former to Cleveland—and being
held to strict accountability for all mail bags placcd
under their charge.
Similar agencies are established between Cin-
cinnati and St. Louis; and those between Baltimore
and Cincinnati, and Philadelphiaand Cincinnati,
referred%to last year, have continued in successful
operation. The Jatter route is just changed so as
to make Chicago, instead of Cincinnati, a term-
inus; and the "express mails will be conveyed
through in about thirty-six hours between Phila-
delphia and Chicago. The Cincinnati mails foi
the Philadelphia route will be in charge of the
New York express agents between Crestline and
Cincinnati.
The advantages of keeping mails under the
constant supervision of the agents of this Depai t-
ment, for the longest distances practicable to be
run, are so apparent that some of the usual shorter
routes for agents in different sections have been
consolidated, and further changes of this sort will
be made fiom time to time, as far as consistent
with the proper assortment of mails for way of-
fices; while it may also be found necessary to in-
crease tjhe number'of express routes^for delivering
closed bags, without reference to the exchange of
mails between the smaller offices.
The number of such bags, already very great,
must be multiplied more and more, in order to
avoid thedelaysincidenttodistribution on the way
between remote points; and nothing short of the
undivided attention of agents directly responsible
to this Department, can insure for the mails such
regulaiity and safety as the public have the right
to expect. The Government, having by law the
monopoly of the mail service, should spare no
efforts or expense to place it above the reproach
which has attached to it of being behind individ-
ual enterprise, as to certainty and speed, and less
adapted to the wants of trade and commerce, in
their •widely-extended ramifications, which can
o*)ly be satisfied with a mail system combining
all possible elements and appliances,!^
perfect, as far as human agency can he $ffe;ci4v4
to that end. . r
new york and new orleans flotttbi '['$
On the first dajr of July last, an arra%emiif .
took effect by which mails we're to be c<mW£e0?"
between Washington and New Orleans
and a half days, byway of Richmond amlLyWch-
burg, Virginia, Bristol, Knoxville, Chattonoo^
and Grand Junction, Teriftessee, and Jachsd$y
Mississippi, all by railroad, with the exceptions?
a gap of ninety miles, in Mississippi, between the
unfinished portions of the Mississippi Central
railroad, which is supplied by stage service. So*
far as the time is concern^], coming north, (from
New Orleans to Washington,) the whole service
has lately been performed with but few interrup-
tions, although in the beginning there were same
unexpected difficulties connected with the stage,
portion of the route. Going south, the schedule
contemplated the running of cars $y night from
Canton to New Orleans; but the ca'rly appearance
of the yellow fever, as an epidemic, and its great
virulence, interposed a serious obstacle in the
way of this service, the ratlroad company con-
sidering it ruinous to their interests to approach
the infected district except during the day timeJ
The mails were thus necessarily delayed over
night (twelve hours) at Canton, and delivered in
New Orleans twelve hours behind the stipulate®
time. Assurances have, however, been given,
that such delay shall no longer continue, &nd it
is not doubteu that the contract schedule will
soon be fully complied with, insuring the deliv-
ery of mails from Washington at New Orleans
within four and a half days.
The parties to the foregoing arrangement have
further stipulated that, from and after 1st July
next,the time shall be reduced twenty-four hours
making the communication between Washington
and New Oilcans in three days and a half, or be-
tween New York and New Orleans within four
dflys.
The mail servicc in general, between New York
and New Orleans, during the past year, has been
lather more exempt from the delays and irregu-
larities by which it has usually been characterized,.
and there is scarcely a doubt that very great im-
provements will be effected during the next year
by the completion of a con'inuow and direct rail-
road connection through Virginia, Tennessee, and;
Mississippi: that is, via Gordonsville (instead of
Richmond) to Lynchburg, thence to Knoxville,
Tennessee, and direct to Chattanooga, (omitting
Dalton, Georgia,) thence to Grand Junction, and
over the Mississippi Central and New Orleans,
Jackson and Great Northern railroads.
I, last year, referred to routes established by
law, and advertised by this Department, from Ce-
dar Key, Florida, to New Orleans, and from Fer-
nandina, Florida, to New Yoik, m steamers, as
being designed, in connection with a railroad in
course of construction across the peninsula of
Florida, from Fernandina to Cedar Key, to con-
stitute a new route from New York to New Or-
leaits, wuh a view to the speedier and more certain
transmission of the great northern and southern
mails. I communicated proposals which had been
received to convey mails between New York* and
New Orleans in five days, coupled with the con-
dition that no pay would be demanded for^ny
trip not performed withm that time, and called
attention to the subject as one of vast public
interest. My views of this new route remain un-
changed; but, owing to the unfinished condition
of the railroad, as well as the large expenditure
of money involved, no progiess has been made m
the negotiations on the subject.
st. louis and new orleans mail.
The hope was indulged last year that befof&
this time railroad connections would be so nearly
completed that the great through mails between
Cairo and New Orleans would be conveyed much
more expeditiously and regularly than can be
done, in the nature of things, by steamboats..
This improvement has not yet been effected,
but information has been received within a few
days which renders it certain that the railroad
communication will be opened before the end of
this year.
Anticipating this; stale of things, the Depart-
