1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GEOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate &* Ho.' or Rets.-
UTAH ROUTE.
The routes Between St. Joseph, Missouri,and
Salt Lake City, and between Salt Lake and Pla-
cerviile, California, have been so improved, that
the trips through from St. Joseph to Placerville,
and back, are performed once a week, in thirty-
eight days each way.
For some months past this service has been
performed with remarkable regularity, insomuch
as to merit special commendation.
It has received from the people of California
the warmest applause, and called forth public de-
monstrations of a most enthusiastic character.
By act of Congress of August 3, 1854, a mail
route was established from Neosho, Missouri, to
Albuqueique, New Mexico; and- on March 3,
1855, a route was established from Independence,
by Albuquerque, to Stockton.
These routes were advertised in December last,
at the urgent solicitation of citizens interested in
that section of country, and contracts were en-
tered into with the lowest bidders for conveying
mails from Neosho to Albuquerque, once a month
and back, at §17,000 per annum; and fiom Inde-
pendence, by Albuquerque, to Stockton, oncc a
month, at $80,000 per annum.
Service commenced on the 1st of October last,
and, although sufficient time has not elapsed to
allow of reports as to its progress, there is every
reason to believe that the contracts will be ful-
filled, and the mails conveyed to the satisfaction
of the Department and the public.
THE EXPENSES OF THE DEPARTMENT.
The expenses of the Department, over and
above its revenues, have regularly increased ever
since the reduction of postages.
It would, however, be obviously erroneous to
suppose that this charge upon the Treasury is to
progress in a ratio proportionate to what it has
been for the last few years. Our postal system
is now extended over the whole country ftom one
ocean to the other. There can be but little further
expense resulting from oveiiand connection with
Californiaand the other Pacific States and Territo-
ries. Except on the other route, commonly called
the northern route, from St. Paul, in Minnesota,
to Seattle, in Washington Territory, no other is
now thought of as being likely to become neces-
sary. The estimate for the transportation of the
mails for the next fiscal year, 1859-60, when com-
pleted, over and above the anticipated revenues,
may therefore be regarded as themaximum which
will probably be required for some time to come.
if, however, Congress in its wisdom shall not
be willing to see such an amount made charge-
able to the Treasury in future, the following sug-
gestions, as to the means of keeping the expenses
within the revenues of the Department, arc re-
spectfully submitted:
An act of Congress should be passed explana-
tory of the act of March 3, 1845, which makes it
"the duty of the Postmaster General, in all fu-
ture lettmgs of contracts for the transportation of
the mails, to let the same, in every case, to the
lowest bidde tendering sufficient guarantees for
faithful performance, without other reference to
the mode of such transportation than may be ne-
cessary to piovide for the due celerity, certainty,
and security of such transportation." And to
make the law more emphatic, it should provide
that the Postmaster General shall not in any case
whatever accept a bid for mail service having any
reference to the conveyance of passengers or
freight of any kind other than regular mail matter.
The effect of such legislation would be to sub-
stitute stages with two horses on routes where
four-horse coaches are now employed, while stages
in their turn would give place to the buggy, and,
indeed, oftentimes to horscback conveyance. In
the few cases where four-horse vehicles would be
necessary, on account of the large amount of mail
matter, the difference between the cost of passenger
coaches and the plainer and cheaper wagon, suffi-
cient for conveying the mails,would be very consid-
erable, and so, also, a proportionate saving would
result in the case of stages when changed to a
plainer and cheaper conveyance of equal capacity.
If the whole transportation of the mails were
thus arranged, by means of what are commonly
called and known as " Star bids," it would ac-
complish areduction in the transportation account
of probably one million of dollars per annum.
The entire discontinuance of four-horse and
two-horse mail coaches would not necessarily
follow; for wherever the number of passengers
would make it profitable, contractors would still
employ coach service. Whenever the travel on
any route offers no such inducement, there exists
no obligation on the part of Government to pay
an extra sum for mail service in order to promote
the convenience of travelers.
The rapid extension of railroads has contribu-
ted most largely to swell the expenditures of the
Department. "Wherever a new road is opened it
becomes necessary to convoy mails on it, and al- ;
most invariably at a rate of pay fur above that on 1
coach routes, while, in many instances, the lat- 1
ter must be continued or other service provid^, ■
for the offices which are not reached by the rim-
road, thus doubling the expense.
As an example, it may hp ctatwl that th<  railroad ^orvicn
between Cmnbeiland. Man land. and YVhrelum, Virginia, '
including route agents and mail messengers now costs .
per annum ^41.905 !
Service is also necessary on the old stage rciteat, :
per airnuin   5.900 1
Total     50.?95
Befoie the completion of the railioad the highest pay '
for conveying the through mad on this route, per j
annum, was  27.600 I
Increase, per annum, nearly 100 per cent., or $23.29«> !
But if it be desired to relieve the Treasury from
the requisitions upon it for the service of tins De-
partment, it will be necessary not only to reduce
expenses by disconnecting the mails from the
transportation of passengers and freight, but to
increase the revenue by the imposition of rates of
postage approaching more nearly the value or cost
of transportation and delivery of letters and
printed matter. A move in this direction was
made at the last session of Congress by the intro-
duction of a bill in the Senate having for its chief
objects the raising of the three-cent rate upon let-
ters to five cents, and the abolition of the discount
now allowed by law for the payment of newspaper
and pamphlet postage quarterly ur yearly m ad-
vance.
It is believed that the effect of this bill would
be to raise the revenue from postages about
$3,500,000, without taking into view the provision
it contains in relation to the transmission of pub-
he documents. The immense masses of heavy
books and documents sent through the mails to
all parts of the country devolve a very considera-
bleexnenseupon the Departmcntforlarger means
of transportation than would be required for the
ordinary mails. This expense, it is true, is com-
pensated, m part, by the annual appropriation of
$700,000 from the Treasury by the acts of March
3, 1847, and March 3,1851; but this allowance is
not believed to be one half of what such matter
would amount to if charged with postage.
The discontinuance or modification of the frank-
ing privilege having been suggested by several of
my predecessors as a means ot increasing the
revenue, 1 shall not now notice the subject lurther
than to present forconsideration such'a modifica-
tion of itasit appears to me can be readily adopted
without subjecting members of Congress to the
charge of postage on their personal or official cor-
respondence. It is proposed that in heu of the
franking privilege now allowed by law to mem-
bers of Congress, the Secretary of the Senate,
and the Clerk of the House, or such other officer
as may be designated for the purpose, furnish the
members with postage stamps to be used on ail
letters, public documents, and packets transmitted
by them in the mails, and keep an account of the
stamps famished to each member, to be paid for
out of the contingent fund of each House. It is
further proposed that nil letters and packets, ex-
cept newspapers addressed to members of Con-
gress, shall be prepaid at the mailing office. In
this way the Department would be compensated
for the service rendered without a resort to the
inconvenience of keeping daily minute accounts
of the postage chargeable on such mail matter.
It is evident, on the slightest reflection, that the
whole theory on which the Post Office Depart-
ment was originally founded has been in a great
measure departed from. Its great function, for
many years, was the transmission of mail matter
proper, such as letters, newspapers, and light
pamphlets, from one part of th'ef country^, an-*
other. The idea of the Government
common carrier of persons and merchamK§efw&s
never entertained. Hut what is the
of the immense mass of book-matter,
annually to hundreds of tons, but tiW-ehaMs&y
whether sentfrom private book establishment© 4b
from the two Houses of Congress? - In a sifxgt#
instance the transmission of the books,
one member (from Utah) has cost the Depart
ment between six and seven thousand doita^;*
Why cannot these be forwarded under the difed*
tion of the Secretary of the Senate and Clerk off
the House, either by the ordinary modes of con-
veyance, or by the application of postage stamps
as on other mail matter? Another consideration
forcibly presses itself on the mind in relation to
this Department. Many ocean steam lines have
been established, not really to meet the postal
wants,of the country, but to give aid and assist-
ance to our growing and expanding commerce.
The Department could have no returns in postages
that would at all compensate for their expensive-
ness; still, as it was of the first importance to com-
merce and agriculture to have such lines, the duty
of establishing them, it was thought, had as well
be devolved upon the Post Office Department as
on any other. :
The great necessity and propriety of establish-
ing connection with our distant possessions-on
the Pacific, both by sea and land, was universaliy
acknowledged. The route by Panama has never
repaid in postages half itsexpense; yet ihomation
has been, in her trade and commerce, remuner-
ated a thousand fold. So of the great'overland
routes, the main one of which has been estab-
lished by the express enactment of Congress.
None of the latter can ever make postal returns at
all proportionate to their cost; but through their
agency nearly one half of our Republic will be de-
veloped in its agricultural and mineral resources.
Other lefercnces might be made clearly showing
that the Post Office has of late years been made
t^c instrument of accomplishing many things of
! great national importance not within its original
| scope and purpose of merely sending letters and
newspapers from one place to another. It is not
, fair, therefore, to measure its usefulness by the
mere receipt of postages, nor to complain that in
accomplishing great and lasting benefits to the
commerce, to the settlement and security of the
country, it has brought some charge on the
Treasury beyond its contributions. The other
Departments subsist wholly on the Treasury,
bringing: no returns whatever into it. Why, then,
should it be thought strange that the Post Office
Department, when charged with opening new
sources of commerce to the merchants, new mar-
kets for our agricultural products, and placing our
Government and people in direct and independ-
ent communication with the other nations of the
eaith, should not be able to accomplish these
great results upon a three-cent postage on letters>
and on printed matter almost no postage at all?
The exact principle of justice on this whole
subject I conceive to be, that, in conducting its
ordinal y business of transmitting correspondence",
it should be thrown entirely on its own revenues.
But whenever any service, on the sea or on the
land, is required of it, mainly, if not exclusively,
for national objects—such as the extension of our
commerce, the spread of our population, and the
development of the various resources of our coun-
try—the cost thereof, in all fairness, ought to be
borne by the national Treasury. These national
purposes, if accomplished through the action of
the Navy and Wai Departments, as they might
be, worffd necessarily fall on the national Treas-
ury. What difference, then, should there be in this
respect, when the same duties are superadded to
the Post Office Department, whose rate of poj^-
ages, its only means of raising revenue, has been
adjusted for very different purposes: It is in the
light of this distinction that the operations of this
Department ought to be examined. It is no longer
a machine composed of horses, stages, and mail-
bags, for the transmission mainly of the private
correspondence of individuals; it has become the
great pioneer of civilization and progress; it is the
agent of commerce and intelligence; it visitsevery
town and city; it comes home to almost every
domicile of the country; and its high mission of
