646
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
they are pure gratuities; and certainly Congress,
like an individual, has the power and the right
to withhold a gift as long as it is not paid. Hence,
I say, that if the Senate should agree that this
construction of the Court of Claims is just and
right, I still think we ought not to vote for these
bills, but should repeal the law. And at this time,
when we are already more than sixty million'
dollars in debt, and when' retrenchment and re-
form are preached on all sides of this Chamber,
and a great desire to effect retrenchment and re-
form is profuse, I think it is a most inopportune
time to tax^the Treasury with JS1,200,000, to be
paid out during thiS year. That is the whole sum
and substance of the case, and it all depends on
the construction of these simple words, " in the
same manner."
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I shall be as
brief as I can, although I think the statement^
which has been made by the Senator from Ala-"
bama, and the view which he has presented of
this case, require that I should state the material
facts which exist in it.
In 1848, Congress passed a law granting a pen-
sion to all widows-of revolutionary officers and
soldiers, who were married prior to 1800. In
1853, when the pension appropriation bill was un-
der consideration in the Senate, and on consulta-
tion with the Senator from South Carolina then
a member of this body, (Mr. Butler,) I drew a
section with my own hand, under his direction,
he sitting by, which the Senator from Alabama
has read, which removed the restriction that be-
fore existed on all widows who were married
subsequent to. January, 1800; and it was adopted
by the Senate. It went to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and there, 1 think, it was rejected. It
became a matter of conference between the two
Houses. In this body, it was said that it was
indefinite as to the time when it commenced.
While a member of the committee of conference,
I went with the section to the Secretary of the
Interior, Mr. A. H. H. Stuart, of Virginia. I sub-
mitted it to him for his construction, because I
wanted to know precisely what the construction
Would be that he would give to it. I meant, and
I so stated in the Senate, and the friends of the
measure so stated, that it should put the widows
married subsequ&ntto January,1800,on the same
footing with those married prior to 1800. The
Secretary said, in precisely so many words, after
a careful examination of it, that such would be
his construction of that section as it then stood.
I came back, and I so stated in the Senate. It
was adopted by the committee of conference, and
it became a law. Mr. Secretary Stuart passed
out of office, and Mr. Secretary McClelland came
into office. A gentleman from Connecticut, Mr.
Waldo, became Commissioner of Pensions; and
Commissioner Waldo gave to this bill the con-
struction it now obtains; not Commissioner
Heath.
Mr. CLAY. The gentleman is mistaken. I
have the evidence at hand to show it was Mr.
Heath's construction too, and I can read it.
Mr. HAMLIN. I had an interview myself
with Mr. Waldo, and I understood from him that
he gave that construction to the law. Whether
it was Mr. Waldo or Mr. Heath is immaterial.
I affirm that the law was passed with the under-
standing that it was to place the widows, married
subsequent to January, 1800, on the same footing
with those married before that time.
At the next session of Congress, or the next
but one after this construction had been adopted,
the Senate passed an explanatory section, affirm-
ing this law to* be what I say the Senate under-
stood it to be when they passed it. It went to the
House of Representatives, and it was there re-
jected. Then these applicants went to the Court
of Claims, affirming that they had the right un-
der the law to these pensions from 1848; and the
Courtof Claims have decided that the law of 1853
did take effect from 1848, precisely as its friends
claimed; and these claimants now come here and
ask you to carry out the law as it was understood
at the time and as it has been affirmed by the
Court of Claims.
Again, even if that were a wrong construction,
conceding for the moment that the construction
claimed by its friends and given by the couit is
wrong, I appeal to the Senate, *nd I ask if these
widows are not, under every consideration in the
woild, entitled to the same class of compensation
with those who were married before 1800? A
woman was married on the last day of December,v
1799; she gets her pension from 1848. Anoiher
woman was married on the 1st day of January,
1800, and she gets her pension, not from 1848,
but from 1853. There is no rule by which you
can draw an arbitrary line that does not work in-
justice. Even if the construction of the law given
by the court were wrong, (which 1 do not admit,
for I think the construction is right,) I think the
consideration of the Senate ought to be favorable
tcr this class of cases.
Again :a great number of these cases have passed
the House of Representatives, and been sent here.
Some of them have passed this body. Why allow
some of these claims to pass, and reject others ? I
cannot say how many, but some of these claims
that have been sent to the Court of Claims have
been presented to Congress, and have passed both
branches. I so understand from the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] who has a personal knowl-
edge of the claims which <|id pass. The House
of Representatives, acting upon the cases as they
were presented there, have passed a bill and sent
it to us, and we have hero in this body a general
la\y meeting all the cases. That it stands upon our
Calendar, No. 597 in the order of business. I do
not know that it will be reached. That bill in the
House of Representatives which gives to this law
th constroction for which I am contending, passed
by a wondrous large vote; I do not recollect it,
but I think one hundred and sixty, or one hun-
dred and seventy, or one hundred and eighty,
against thirty or forty. At all events, I think I
am justified in saying, (I am only stating from rec-
ollection,) that that bill passed the House ofliep-
resentatives by a vote of more than two to one;
giving,in a general law, the construction which 1
ask shall obtain in this particular case.
This is the case. I have no special invitation
to make to particular Senators in the Senate, who
oppose all pension claims, or very nearly all; but
■I have an invitation to all Senators here to give
to this matter a fair and candid consideration, and
if it commends itself to their judgment, they will
support it; if it does not commend itself to their
judgment, of course they will not.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, it is not at all
probable that we shall ever get through with what
aie called " just claims" against theTieasury of
the United States, as long as we conduct business
in the way we do. This question, I think, was
presented to us'at the last session; and on the at-
tention of the Senate being called to it by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, [Mr. Stuart,] it was very
thoroughly argued, and then, when we had abund-
ance of time, the Senate deliberately expressed
its judgment against the allowance. If tile Cal-
endar, about which we are lectured by Senators
and by the press and everybody else, was taken
! up every day, we should never get rid of a great
i many cases, bicause, no matter how often you
! leiect some claims, they never die'.
I The history of this matter, given by the Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. H amlin,] is of itself suffi-
cient to induce the Senate to put iis foot on-this
proposition. When we were about passing a law,
why should that Senator, or anybody else, go to
the Secretary of the Interior to inquire of him
whether or not he would give back pensions un-
der it? If that was the intention, why did not
the bill say so ? If the bill had said so, the Sen-
ate would have understood it. Why use this par-
ticular phraseology, which is admitted to be at
least doubtful, and which has received a construc-
tion from three or four of the persons authorized
to construe it,.against this allowance, when four
or five woids would have settled the whole busi-
ness? I know of but one motive on earth; and
that was to conceal its true intent and meaning
from "the legislative department. I do not know
what other motive theie could possibly have been.
I know of no other reason for going to the De-
partment, and inquiring how they would construe
' this act on the question of back pensions, when
it was easy to say back pensions at once in the
bill. But that is the way you legislate,
i As the Senator from Alabama [Mr. Clay] has
! said, the construction given to this act by the Inte-
| rior Department has been the construction which
1 has obtained from the beginning of the Govern-
ment. A statute was passed,! think, in 1628,
I more than thirty years ago, providing that all pen-
I sions should commence only from the time when
the proof was made out. Here was a distinct,
unequivocal rule of action prescribed by the legis-
lative power to cover all doubtful cases, and that
law Cannot be changed without another law. If
you wanted to change that law, why not say so
in language equally express? That law said all
pensions should commence at a particular time;
and if this law meant to provide differently, it
ought to have said so plainly and distinctly. Was
there any reason why these persons who were
not married until 1800, who did not participate in
the hardships, in the sufferings, and in the toils
of the Revolution, should be put upon a different
footing from the widows who bore the brunt and
the toil of the'Revolution ? Where is the princi-
ple in equity or justice that can commend such a,
proposition to the heart or judgment of any hu-
man^being >
The first principle on which it was proposed
to grant pensions to revolutionary widows, was
that, during the Revolution, they were deprived
of the services of their husbands; that they suf-
fered great hardships m every way; that they
themselves, in many cases, partook of the priva-
tions of their husbands. Well, you'gave them
pensions, and said they should only date from the
time when the proof was made out. But seventy
years after the Revolution, when you came to in-
clude persons who were married, in profound
peace, twenty-five years after the Revolution,
when nine tenths of the wives of revolutionary
soldiers bad gone to their tombs, and when the
profligate sons of worthy fathers got control of
the legislation of the country, and i^ot until then,
you say they shall not only be pensioned, but
they shall be pensioned on a different and more
advantageous principle than that by which the
patriots of the Revolution were paid I'or their toils
and sufferings. I want to know if there is a rea-
son why a single member of the Senate should
give ihem that advantage. I want to know the
policy and justice of doing it.
As I have said, at first, these pensions were
limited to those who were married during the
war. Subsequently, you brought it down to those •,
who were married before 1194, on account of the
extensive Indian wars we had about that period.
Afterwards we bi ought it down to 1800, and it
stood at 1800 for a long time. The Senator from
Maine asks why those who were married on the
last day of December, 1799, should be allowed
pensions, while they are denied to those married
on the 1st of January, 1800. The same objection is
equally applicable to any time you fix. When
you departed from the principle that only those
who were partners in the sufferings of their hus-
bands in the Revolution should be compensated,
you destroyed every landmark, and from that
has arisen all the difficulty.
I say, that the act of which we arc speaking
was never passed b^Congress properly, in the
real sense of the Constitution, and the history of
it, which has been given, shows it. How was it
enacted? It was put on in the Senate as an
amendment to a House bill. The House of Rep-
resentatives rejected it, and it went to a commit-
tee of conference, who agreed to it; and the re-
sult was, that the House of Representatives were
compelled to reject an appropriation bill, or agree
to give this construction to the law. I say, then,
this provision was never passed properly; and
such legislation is forced upon us continually.
If, however, it was the intention to depart from
the principle of the Government as settled for fifty
years, it was due to the country, it was due to
justice, if those people who were married after
lbOO were to stand on a better footing than the
matrons of the Revolution, that it should he done
by a plain, express law. ! agree with the Sen-
ator from Alabama, that the construction having
been uniform,unvarying,in conformity to exist-
ing lav/, the construction of the Department is
the light one, and that of the Court of Claims
the wrong one; and we ought not to lose this
§1,200,000 on mere gratuities. It does not stand
on any ground of contract. It is not exdebitojus-
titke; it is ex gratia—a mere gift, and profligate
enough at that. The construction now sought to
be put upon the act of 1853 is, that these persons
shall not only be pensioned in the same manner
as those who were pensioned under prior acts, but
in a different manner; that they shall-have their
pensions, not from the time of completing their
proof, but shall go back to an anterior period,
