648
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
reading of the amendment. The period of time when the
widows of deceased officers and soldiers of the revolution-
ary war were entitled to a pension in case of marriage was,
according to the first act, when the marriage took place
before 1780. It was afterwards extended to 1793, then to
1794, and subsequently to 1800. By the law, as it now
stands, if the widow of a deceased revolutionaiy officer,
non-Commissioned officer, musician, or private, were mar-
ried pn the 2d day of January, 1800, she would not be en-
titled to a pension ; but if marned on the last day of De-
cember, 1799. she would be entitled. I think there is no
good reason for drawing a rigid rule on a parttcu'ar day. hut
I think.that if you give pensions to widows, yoaVshouId
extend them to all. I presented sundiy memorials at the
last session of Congress to cover this case, and I think the
committee were favorably impressed with what the peti-
tioners asked. I hope the amendment will he adopted, so
as to place all these parties on the same tooting. 
That is all the Senator said in behalf of his
amendment. I have looked through the debate,
and I do not find that he had another word to say-
in its behalf. Thereupon Mr. Underwood, of
Kentucky, said: f
" If the first provisions of this biii pass as they arc printed,
withom the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maine, I should like to know from the Senator who dratted
it whether these pensions ate to be paid for the mtei medi-
ate time, after the lapse of the first five years, up to the time
of the passage of this act?"
Mr. Borland, in reply to this question, said: .
" T can answerthe Senator. I drew tiie bill, arid reported
it, and certainly did not intend to authorize, nor do I be-
lieve that the woiding of the act will authorize the pay-
ment of pensions for the intermediate time."
Now, what does that relate to? If the Senate
will listen to the act, they will see that it was but
tantamount to a denial on the part of Mr. Borland,
the author of the original bill to which thisamend-
ment was offered, that it was contemplated to
pay any arrears of pension; and the Senate will
see that that construction given to the original
bill, to which this amendment was offered, was
absented to by the Senator from Maine, and all
others who supported the amendment; and not
one word was said on their part to contradict the
inference which was certainly drawn by the Sen-
ate, that it was not intended to relate back. Here
is the original bill:
" Thatall widows? and orphans who wrrc granted and al-
lowed five years' half pay by the pioyi-ion* of the act ap-
proved the 21st day of July, lb4S" * K * *
" be, and they are hereby, granted a continuance of said
half pay, under like limitations and restrictions, ioi a fur-
ther peiiod of five years, to commence at the expuation of
the half pay provided for by the afoiesaid acis."
You see the act of 1848, originally was only
intended for five years. About the expiration of
the five years, Mr. Borland brings in this bill to
extend it yet further; to extend it through life.
Then, when the bill is read, Mr. Underwood pro-
pounds the question which I have just read. He
says:
u If the first provisions of this bill pa<s :wthoy are printed,
without the amendment offered by the gentleman from
Maine, I should like to know from the V'Mleman who
dialled it, whcthei these penfeionsare to bf paid lor the in-
termediate time, aftei the J;ip«<  of ihc; first live yeais up to
the time of the passage of this act."
That is from 1848 to the passage of the bill
pending. Mr. Borland says in reply:
" I can answerthe Scnatoi. I diew the bill,and repotted
it, and certainly did not intend to authorize, nor do I be-
lieve that the wording of the act will authon/.e the payment
of pensions for the intermediate time."
Thus it is seen that when that bill was pend-
ing before the Senate, which made provision lor
the same class of pensioners who had been pro-
vided for by a prior act; and Which provided that
the pensions originally intended for but five years,
should continue during widowhood, the author of
the bill denied that he intended to pay aireais of
pension to those who had not claimed it under
that act. He denied that, as supposed by Mr.
Underwood, it might be construed to relate back
five years anterior to 1848. The Senator from
Maine said not a word to contradict the construc-
tion given by Mr. Borland to the original bill;
no other Senator, so far as I have seen, said $
word to contradict it; and hence the Senate, m
passing the amendment, thought they were not
going to pay those who had not taken the bene-
fit of that act, for the five years then spent; but
that they would commence at the time of the
passage of the act; and hence Mr. Underwood's
question, to satisfy his mind whether u was in-
tended to relate back. Mr. Borland, the author
of the bill, denied it*, the Senator from Maine said
nothing; but he assented to that construction of
the original bill.
JNTow, Jt just puts it in this condition: the act
of 1848 provided for widows who were married
prior to 1800; the amendment to that act, which
was offered by the Senator from Maine, provided
for all who were married subsequent to Janu-
ary 1,1800. Mr. Borland said that*he did not in-
tend by Ins supplementary bill to the act of 1848
to give those who had not taken* the benefit of
that act five years' arrears of pension; but he in-
tended it to be prospective, not retrospective.
The Senator from Maine did not say a word
about the construction of his amendment; hut can
anyone suppose that the Senate, in adopting that
1 amendment, intended to put those who were mar-
riedsubsequent to 1800upon a better footing than
those'who were married prior to 3800; and that,
while they denied to those who were married
prior to 1800 the five years' arrears of pension,
they meant to give it to those who were married
subsequent to 1800? 1 say such a construction is
unjust, is absurd, and that it cannot be tolerated
for a moment; and hence I say that upon the face
of this debate, there was a denial of the purpose
that this amendment should be retroactive, and
the Senator from Maine cannot show anything to
contradict that assertion.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President, I shall occupy
the time of the Senate but two or three minutes; I
shall try not to occupy more than that time. I
first want to correct a mistake into which the Sen-
ator from Georgia and the Senator from Alabama
have both fallen in relation  to the construction
given at the Department to pension laws. They
have both stated,if I have understood them aright,
and I am sure the Senator from Georgia made that
a point in this case, that no pension commenced at
a period of time anterior to the time when the evi-
dence in support of it was completed.
Mr. TOOMBS. Unless expressly provided in
the act.
Mr. HAMLIN. Unless expressly provided in
the act. The Senator fiom Geoigia used that, and
made this illustration: he said that a widow, who
was deptived of the services of her husband dur-
ing the war, could not get her pension to go back
of iho period of time when she completed her evi-
dence. I do not understand such to be the case
at all. That applies to invalid pensions, and none
others, if there were a widow alfvo to-day m this
country, whose husband served during the war,
and she could make out her evidence to-day that
she was married before or during the war, her pen-
sion would go back to llie date of the law.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator is entirely mistaken.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am not mistaken, as 1 un-
derstand the law. I know the fact that I have
obtained pensions myself which have numbered
thousands of dollars for services in the revolu-
tionary war. Now, sir, I did not state what was
the intention of the Senate upon the passage of
this bill, because my own opinions were one way
or the other; and the Senator from Ohio [Mr.
Pugii] is entirely mistak-m in supposing that I
undertook to say that the Senate have a particular
conhti uction to n l<w bt cause such was m}' opin-
ion. 1 said no such thing. I say the matter was
discussed in the Senate; and 1 inter from that dis-
cussion that- there was a sreneral understanding
I that the. law was to take eifect from 1848. That
is what 1 said, and I affirm it now.
1 dioy that section by the side of the late Sen-
ator from South Carolina, (Mr. Butler,) after ob-
jection was raised as to the time when it should
go back. 1 am only stating from my recollec-
tion, now; but, if you examine the debates, you
will find that the Senator from South Carolina
opposed the section in the form in which I pre-
sented it, although he was tn favor of the sub-
stance of it, because he contended that it might
go back to 1836. I am very sure you will find
that such was his language tn the debate. There
were a class of Senators who contended that it
might go back to 1836. Among that number, 1
recollect distinctly, was the Senator from South
Carolina. The Senate had adopted the amend-
ment m that form. It, was at Insicquest, among
others, that I did ask the Secretary of the Interior
what was the construction of that section; and
Mr. Stuart, who was then Secretary, said his
construction would be that it referred to the law
yaf 1848, and w.mld therefore be limited by the law
of 1848. Now,! repeat, by fair implication, when
Senators pass an amendment which it.was objected
might go back to'1836, and when that objection
was removed in the way it was, it js fair to sup-
i pose that they did understand it to go to 1848. If
you will examine the whole debate on that ques-
tion, I think you will come to the same conclusion
that 1 do; not that such is my opinion; but the
whofe debate leads to the conclusion that that
was the understanding of the Senate. That is
what I meant to say—no more.
Now, sir, this measure, in my judgment, com-
mends itself to the consideration of the Senate on
two grounds: first, from the opinion the-Court of
Claims has given; and, second, upoit the princi-
ples of equity we ought to place these widows
on the same footing with those who were married
before 1800. I agree with the Senator from Geor-
gia that the original rule had a good reason upon
which it was founded. It applied to that class of
widows who were married before or during the
revolutionary war. If it had been confined to that
class, I would never have voted to change it; but
when you removed that limitation and gave pen-
sions to a class of widows who were not married
until after the war, you drew an artificial line, and
made a distinction which you could not maintain.
You could not fix an arbitrary line, which did not
do justice to one section if it did justice to another;
and for that reason I wanted to see that distinc-
tion abolished; and it was that reason that led me
to believe then, as I believe now, that they ought
all to occupy precisely the same position.
Mi. CLAY. But the Senator's proposition,
according to his construction, would place those
last married on a better footing.
Mr. HAMLIN. No, sir.
Mr. CLAY. Because I have clearly shown
that the act of 1853, to which his amendment was
offered, did not intend that the pensions of that
class who had been pensioned by the act of 1848
for five years, should relate back.
Mr. IIAMLIN. Let me ask the Senator if
that was not, to revive an act that ahead/ existed,
and under which they had already icceivtd pen-
sions ?
Mr. CLAY. Exactly; but the question was,
whether the pensions of those who Itad not taken
the benefit of the act of 1848, would run back to
the date of the passage of that act, and Mr.epor-
land denied it. Now if the Senate meant, by the
amendment of the Senator from Maine, to give a
retroactive effect, that pensions should date back
to 1848, I say it put this class on a better footing
than the original class provided fot, who had'not
taken the benefit of that act.
Mr. HAMLIN. I answer, by saying no. I
do not know how long that aot had run back, but
certainly five years; 1 do not know that it had
not run ten years. They had already received
I that amount more than these would if they were
! confined to 1853. Suppose that law had existed
! only five years, and this section went back to
j 1848; it made them precisely equal in amount:
i but 1 think that that law had had an existence of
] more than five years, piobably ten; I do not rec-
! oilect.
| Mr. CLAY. Just a word'in reply to the Sen-
ator. I have looked to what the Senator from
' South Carolina said, and I cannot find that he
1 said anything to sustain the assertion of iheSen-
, ator from Maine, that the Senate understood his
amendment as having a retroactive operation.
On the contrary, what he said rather confirms me
i m the opinion that such was not the interpretation;
and after glancing over the deb,ate—I could not
read every word; but I lnne glanced through it—
I do not find a single word ntteied that relates to
the retroactive operation, cither of the bill, or of
1 the amendment proposed by the Senator, except
\vhnf I read before. Hence, I say the Senate did
not so understand it; and 1 maintain and believe
that, if the Senate had so understood it, they
would not have passed the bill; for the question
propounded by Mr. Underwood in relation to
another and more meritorious class, was very
promptly answered by Mr. Borland, that it was
not intended to relate back
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, since I was up
before I have procured the decision of the Court
of Claims on this question. I do not think gen-
tleman have done that court justice in the sum-
mary manner 111 which they have condemned its
opinion as being absurd. _ When we look at the
objects of the law in question, it seems to me per-
fectly obvious that Congress, in the enactment of
the law of 1853, intended to do no more and no
less than to confer upon widows who were mar-
ried subsequent to the 1st of January, 1800, the
