1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
049
same benefits which had been previously conferred
upon those who were married prior to that date.
If Congress meant anything by $hat law, they
must have meant that, because they did not pass
a new law throughout oi\ the subject, but referring
to the law of 1848, they simply admitted the wid-
ows married subsequent to January, 1800, to the
same benefits which the aqt of 1848 gave to those
married before that time. That was the sole rea-
son why they did not go on and define more par-
ticularly what their pensions should be. I would
ask the Senator from Alabama, as a lawyer, what
operation can this law have, unless it goes back to
the law of 1848? Did Congress, in the actof 1853,
specify the rate of pension any*more tharfthe time
when it should commence? Not at all. They
simply referred to the act of 1848, and you must
refer to that act for everything, or else you must
say that Congress intended nothing by what they
did. The act of 1853 docs not say what,rate of
pension should be allowed to the widows who
were married subsequent to 1800; it doesnotsay
at what time the pension was to commence; but,
simply referring to the act of 1848, it provides
that widows married subsequent to 1800 shall be
entitled to pensions in the same manner as those
who were married before that date.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator pardon me for
answering him just here?
Mr. WADE! Yes, sir.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator asks me, as a law-
yer, how I could construe those words, li in the
same manner," as meaning anything else than
that they should be paid for the same time aswell
as the same amount ? 1 have stated that the con-
struction which he proposes to give is in violation
of umveisal legal construction and of the construc-
tion heictofoie given by Congress. Mere is the
act of Congress to which I referred, and which I
did not read befoie, but which the Scnaturfiom
Maine challenged the production of, and satd dub
no£ exist, as I understood him, which I think si t-
tles the question clearly. It is in these woids:
"And be i> further enacted. That Jh^ riaht nnv pr>r«on now
lias, or heieaifi may accpme, to receive a petwoti m \ntue
of any law of the United States, shall be oon-tiuH to com-
mence at the tune oi completing hi-- t<"-tunom . pursuant to
the act herf'bj u vived ami continued in loiee."
There is an act of Congress, a general law em-
bracing all pensions, and decUnng that none of
them shall'commence until the proof is completed;
and in the face of that act, I ask how the Senator
can construe the amendment of which he is speak-
ing, as relating back. It is evidently in conflict
with an existing law of Congress which it does
not repeal in totidcm veibis, and which it does not
repeal so distinctly as to indicate the purpose.
Mr. TOOMBS, if my friend will allow me, I
will state to him that the same acthas been twice
reenacted in pension laws. It was passed in J820,
and also in 1622, in the very words which have
been read:
"That the riL'ht any per-on nowha*, oi hereafter may
acquitc, to receivc a pciwon in vittuc of any law o! the Uni-
ted Slates. shall he construed to commence at the time of
completing hi* testimony, pursuant to ihe art heiehy levived
and continued in force."
Mr. WADE. [ see no difficulty in all that.
That was a law of Congress very propci ly pie-
scribing that a pension should riot go back prior
to the making out of the proof. That was all
right enough; but still it was as competent for
Congress to altei that law in passing tlusact, and
defining the time when the pension should com-
mence, as it was to make that law at that time re-
ferring to the completion of the proof.
Mr. TOOMBS. I admit that, but it ought to
be equally clear.
Mr. WADE. Well, it is equally clcar. If Con-
gress, since the law which -lias been read, hare
enacted a subsequent act, prescribing when this
particular pension shall commence, and stating
its amount, that of course, to that extent, repeals
the prior law. I think we had better look at this
taw somewhat caretuliy. I shall not go into a
verypelaborate investigation of it. In f.ict, I am
not prepared to do so; I have never given it much
attention, nor felt more interest in ft than I do m
any question, to see that it is decided lightly.
The law of 3848, was in these words:
"Thnf the widows of all officers, non-comrmsMoned otfi -
eers, musician?, soldreis, mariners oi marines, and Indian
j-pies who shall have servcdiln the Continental line, State
iioup?, volunteer-, miima. oi m the naval service, in the
if'Voluuonary wai with Gieat IJiitani,shall lie enutled to a
pension duiin^ such widowhood, of equal amount pei uu-
num that their husband^ would have been entitled to if liv-
mg, under existing pension laws; to commence on the 4th
day of March, 18-18, and to be paid in the same planner that
other pensions aie paid to widows; but no widow now re-
ceiving a pension shall be entitled to receive a further pen-
sion under the provisions of this act; and no widow marrried
aftei the first day of January, 1800, shall be entitled to re-
ceive a pension under this act."
Now, when you come to strict, nice, legal con-
struction, you will see from the reading of this
law, that it did, in its general terms, include all
widows of revolutionary soldiers, no matter at
what time they were married. That is the scope
of the first part of this section: but then comes a
restriction that widows married subsequent to the
1st of January, 1800, should not be included
within it. The restrictive clause merely shuts them
out. Then, when Congress concluded to let those !
who were married subsequent to that time come
into the benefits of this act, what had they to do?
It was unnecessary for them to enact a new law on
the subject defining the amount of pension they
should receive. All that was necessary under the
existing circumstances to be done, was to say that
widows married subsequent to that time should
be entitled to the benefits of that law. That was
all Congress did; and unless you put this construc-
tion on it, the law is perfect nonsense, inopera-
tive, meaning nothing.
I ask again, did Congress mean anything by
this enactment? What pension was to be allowed
to these widows ? You must go back to the law
of 1848 to ascertain. They are remitted to the
rights given by that law. It would have been
equally clear if Congress had simply repealed the
latter portion of the act of 1848, which was the
restrictive clause. All that was neccssary was to
remove that restriction, and then these widows
would be plainly within the purview of that stat-
ute. Substantially, that is the same tiling that
was done. The lestnetion in the latter part of the
enactment of 1848 prevented its being construed
so as to include the widows married subsequent
to January, 1800; and in 1853, Congress came to
the conclusion that they would admit them to the
same rights, and then they did it m this language:
" That thc widows of all officers, non-comim^Moned offi-
eei--. musu'ian1-, an<J p!ivate*, of the revolutionary ainiy,
who weic married subsequent to January, A. D ]£00.shall
he entitled to a pennon in the same manner as tho^y who
were tnained before that date."
The judge who delivers the opinion of thc Court
of Ciaims w«'U inquires what do Congress mean
by " the same manner?" Did they mean any-
thing by the law ? They refer to the law of 184S;
they repeal its restrictive clause, so as to put these
widows on precisely the same footing with those
who wore leceiving pensions under the law of
1S48. "Mannei " refeis to all the pai nculars of the
pension that were defined before; and, if you do
not take that explanation, the law means nothing;
it is incomplete; it does not tell what pension they
shall have, nor when it shall commence, nor what
the proof shall be, nor anything about it. It remits
widows who were married subsequent to Januaiy,
181)0, to the same rights that the act of ]848gave
to those who married prior to that time, and uses
language perfectly adapted to such a state of tineas,
intituled lo effect that purpose, intended to effect
nothing else; and the court have argued it belter
than I could; and, if gentlemen will only hear their
report, 1 defy any one here to overrule it by ar-
gument or authority. 4
] am requested to state, while I am up, that the
law which has been referred to, limiting the time
when pensions should commence, has ref'eience
only to invalid pensions, and no other. So 1 am
told.
Mr. CLAY. Read the language of the act.
Mr. WADE. 1 do not think that is materia):
[ only state it because it h suggested to m>-. i
do not take issue on that point. I have nothing
to say as to the explanation of the gentleman who
drew the bill of 1^53. I know vci y well that if 1
were sitting in a court of justice to decide rigsdly
on the construction of a law, I should hare to
shut all that out. They would not hear a mem-
ber of Congress state what his motives were m
voting for the law, nor would they refer to any
speech that was made; but they would go to the';
letter of the law, and its strict construction. '
Taking this law as it is, I think they would come
to the same conclusion with the Court of Claims.
I say still, that m Congress, if there is any doubt
about it, we have a perfect right to lay' hold of
these lights upon the subject, if we see fit to do
so, though courts are not admitted to doit. They
cannot make the law, they mustadminister it just
as they find it. We can go as broadly into alf the
equities of the case as we see fit; we are restricted
by nothing; but I am not driven to that position'.
I am willing to rest the case upon the construction
of the law as it appears to me as a lawyer; and
what is infinitely more, as itappears to your own
court, on a thorough investigation, with all the
precedents they see fit to refer to, and they are
numerous, to show that they were making no
novel decision when they made this. They have
cited cases f/om divers of the courts in the Union
to show that they were driven to the construction
they gave; and your solicitor, whom you ap-
pointed to stand between claimants and the rights
of the public, on full deliberation, as a lawyer
eminent in his profession and honest in his pur-
poses, was compelled to say that this construction
must .stand.
My colleague says the solicitor did not argue
it before the court. That is very true; he did not
argue it, because he could not argue it. As an
honest man, willing that justice should be done,
coming to an honest conclusion, as every other
lawyer must, that the construction claimed by
these widows is the true construction, they gave it
up; but the court did notlso give it up; they must
make their report to Congress, giving the reasons
which impelled them to thc decision they made;
and they made one which has not been shaken by
the reasoning of any gentleman who has spoken
upon this subject.
1 am not now speaking upon the merits of this
case. Some gentlemen are opposed to all these
pensions to the widows of revolutionary soldiers
and others. I am not; I am willing that they
should have pensions; I think they ate entitled to
them; but that is not the question before us now.
Congress has given pensions for a great length of
time. In 1848, they passed a law, which I have
cited, for the benefit of widows married prior to
1800, as they had from time to time, by a great
numberof pension laws, admitted different classes
to the same privileges; and finally, in 1853, they
removid the restriction in thc law of 1848, and
reunited (he widows niamed subsequent to Jan-
uary, 18U0, to the same privileges which were
enjoyed by those who were married before. It
lequned no specification. If it had, as I haVe
said, and as the court say, the law was perfectly
niefloctuai for anything Hut it is as definite as
it could be. It is said barely that those married
subsequent to that dale should be entitled to pen-
sions in the same manner as those who wei e mar-
ned before. Manner " does not merely refer to
the amount of the pension. It is not mentioned
in this law at all. Jt does not merely refer to the
time. It only iemoves the icsmctions, and lem'its
them to the same rights. They did it m that lan-
guage, plain and easy to be understood.
As i said before, there is nothing in (he argu-
ment drawn from the law that gentlemen have
quoted, as to pensions commencing from the com-
pletion of the proof, because this law is made sub-
sequent to that, and moves upon a different prin-
ciple. If those who were provided for by the act
ot 1848 could receive no pension until the time
they pi oved it, m itlier can these; for they have no
enlai «M-d i igli's. Thi y.Me icmitted to precisely
tin same lights, thc s,ume amount of pension,
commencing at the same time, to be paid in the
same manner, and proved in the same way. That
is all you can make ot it; all that Congress in-
tended ; and all that the court have done m giving
efleet to it.
JNoWj sir, your Committee on Claims, eminent
lawyeis, have had this subject under considera-
tion, 1 believe, twice, and they have by their re-
ports sustained the reasoning, opinion, and de-
c.sion of the court. Are we now, loosely, with-
out having our minds particularly called to it, to
overthrow all this reasoning, and shut out all
these people ? I do not think it will be doing jus-
tice.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. Piesident, the Commit-
ter on Claims, to whom this bill was referred,and
who reported it with a recommendation that it
pass, did so more with a view to test the sense of
the Senate, probably, than to indicate their own
real advocacy of the hill. 1 had my doubts at the
time the question was discussed in the committee,
and I have th"m still. I find that lawyers disa-
gree,and when lawyers disagree who shall decide*
