650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28>
The Senate, of course, must determine the ques-
tion. It is a question of doubt, at least. It is a
matter of construction, arid it admits of very con-
siderable doubt, and very eminent men in the Sen-
ate, on both sides, seem to have a great deal of
doubt, and I have doubts myself. Well, sir, 1 am
disposed to give to the United States the benefit
of the doubt, more especially as it is understood
that an expenditure of over a million dollars is
involved if the doubt be resolved in favor of the
claimants. But I think this question has been suf-
ficiently discussed; we have been now two hours
upon it; nearly the whole private bill day-hasJjeen
devoted to this one case, and if we go on with the
discussion the probability is that no other cages
can be considered. The Senate has given very
little attention heretofore to private bills. I think
great injustice has been done to claimants. There
are other cases on the docket which I think de-
serve the attention of the Senate. In order to get
rid of this discussion, I move to lay the bill on
the table; and on that question I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, iesulted—yeas 23, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—jVTess-r?. Bell. Benjamin, Bigler, Cbesnut, Clay,
Clirigman, Fjt^p.itrn.k, Green, Hammond, Iluuicr, Ivor* on,
Johnson ot Tennessee, Ma'Iory, I'eateCjX'ugh, limit,*
Rice, Shdell, Stuart, Tooinb-, Ward, and YVils-on—
NAYS—Messrs. Bioderiok. Chandler, Claik, Ci ittonden,
Dixon, Doolittlu, DuiU^e, fY^endcn. Foot, Foster. Ham-
lin, Harlan, Houston, Polk, Sew.ud, Simmons, Tiumbull,
and Wade—13.
So the bill was ordered to lie on the table.
LUCINDA ROBINSON.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next bill
on the Calendar is the bill (S. No. 88) for the re-
lief of Lucinda Robinson, of the county of Or-
leans, State of Vermont.
Mr. IVERSON. That bill is precisely the
same, I understand, in principle, as the case just
decided by the Senate. I move to lay it on the
table also.
Mr. STUART. I suppose the bill should first
be taken up; and inasmuch as the Senate has de-
cided this question, I do not want to argue it with
regard to the pension, but I want to submit to the
Senate a few remarks in regard to what has been
said with relation to the Couit of Claims, and
upon tins bill I propose to say them.
The bill was read the second time.
It provides for the payment to Lucinda Robin-
son, widow of Eber Robinson, an officer in the
army of the Revolution, of the sum of $1,671 67,
being for the arrears of her pension, at the late of
$340 per annum, from the 4th of March, 1848, to
the 3d of Febiuary, 1853, to which she is entitled
under the second section of the act of February
3, J 853.
Mr. STUART. As I said, I do not intend to
discuss this question as to the pension; but [ will
state a fact or two that have not been submitted
to the Senate which are important in ail this class
of-cascs. When the law was passed, it was es-
timated that it would coyt $24,000 to execute it;
but when a report was made to us at the last Con-
gress, the estimates then were,over two hundred
thousand dollars annually to execute it. This is
an important fact, for it shows that when Con-
giess enacts laws to provide pensions for a par-
ticular class of persons, aecoidmg to the lustoiy
of our legislation, the estimates have not equaled
in most cases a tenth part of the actual cost.
Only one word further, sir, and I shall have
done with that bianeh of the subject. The laws
which have been read by the Senator from Geor-
gia and the Senator from Alabama, show that
there is a general provision of law, unrestricted
in its terms, which declares that all pensions shall
date from the perfection of the proof, unless the
statute itself fixes another time for their com-
mencement. Sucli has been the practice of the
Departments aud such cleaily is the correct prac-
tice. In deciding this case, therefore, unless the
statute referred to, in itself, fixed a tune when the
pension should commence, the general law would
intervene, and it would commence from the time
the proof was perfected.
But, sir, it has been said by the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and that honorable Senator
lias frequently made the same argument, that
when an individual is referred by Congress to the
^Court of Claims, and the judgment isiu favor of
the individual, Congress is morally bound to exe-
cute it agreeably to its decision. That, I think,
is the fair statement of the Senator's position.
Mr. WADE. I intended to be understood that
when it involves no principle of policy, but is a
matter of pure law, 1 think it should bind Con-
gress always, unless it is fraudulent.
Mr. STUART. I am obliged to the-Senator
for the qualification, because 1 understood his ar-
gument as I have stated; and I wish to treat it
properly. I desire now to say, what I have taken
occasion to say, perhaps less explicitly, before,
that in organizing this court, Congress never in-
tended to constitute it a court of Jaw. The court
is not even empowered to render a judgment.
The extent of its authority is to investigate a case,
and if it finds the claimant entitled to relief, to re-
port to Congress a bill for his relief. It occupies,
therefore, in point of authority, precisely the po-
sition of a committee of either House having ju-
risdiction of a case. Having investigated it, hav-
ing decided that the claimant is entitled to relief,
it presents its views in the form of a bill to the
House, of which it is a committee. The Court
of Claims presents us bill to the House which
referred the case, if it were referred by either
House, or if it were originally presented, I think
they send a bill to each House, and that bill goes
to the Committee on Claims. Such is the law.
Now, sir, I can appeal with success to the lec-
oilection of every Senator here, that, when this
tribunal was organized, it could not have re-
ceived the sanction of the Senate, probably not
of a third of the Senate, if it had been proposed
to organize it upon the ground of giving it au-
thority to render a judgment in any case which
should be final against the Government, or for the
Government. The reasoning was thu,: When a
case is referred to our committees, they are un-
able to hear the Government's sidu of the ques-
tion; they hear the testimony that is adduced for
the claimant, but the Coveinment is not iepie-
sented at all; and hence it was believed that the
Government was being compelled to pay large
amounts of money upon claims which, if they
could have been investigated on both sides, would
have been found to be without any foundation in
justice. Therefoie, this tnbunaj is not a court in
the legal sense of the term, nor in the practical
sense of the term. It was organized with an offi-
cer to represent the Government, under the name
of a solicitor, with power to subpena witnesses,
so that the evidence for and against a claim may
be presented, and an investigation, superior to
that which could be obtained in Congress, be had;
and when this investigation has been had, the bill
and the facts, if the court^find in favor of the
claimant, are to be presented to Congiess; ond in
that position it stands piecisely like a bill reported
to Congress from a comnnttec, with just that
. mu'-h authority, and no more.
' Now, sir, giving the benefit to my honorable
; friend fiomOli'o of Ins position—for, as 1 said, I
| intended to state it as he has—upon a meie ques-
; tion of law, the legal construction of an act of
1 Congress, the Congress of the United States,
I never intended to transfer its power to that tabu-
| nal; aud I think 1 may submit to-day, without
; danger of contradiction, that if the proposition
< were made to the Senate this hour, it could not
] receive ten votes in the Senate, alter the experi-
| ence that has been had.
i Mr. WADE. I think*the gentleman misnn-
| derstnnds me altogether as to my view of the
| conclusive efficacy of a judgment of this court. I
1 never supposed that it was strictly binding in-law
; on the Government, and it should not be. It is
referred to us, and we have a discietion to over-
turn any decision they may make, 1 grant; and
on the other hand, it cannot be conclusive against
the claimants, for they can petition again foi ie-
lief; but then its effect ought to be mutual. Did
the Senator ever know a case where the court
found adversely to a claim, where their finding
was questioned at all? No, sir; the very moment
theylind agmnst the claimant, he has no chance,
and no man stands up for him for a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is not ex-
actly correct about that. There is a bill now
pending here for the relief of the officers and crew
of the United States armed brig General Arm-
strong, which has been reported from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations of this House favor-
ably , though it was i ejected by the Court of Claims
and rejected by the Senate heretofore.
Mr. CLARK. ^If the honorable Senator frorii
Ohio will allow me, I will state to him what is
the method of proceeding with the Committee on
Claims, to which these reports usually go. We
take the reports of the Court of Claims and ex-
amine them, whether adverse or favorable to a
claim. If the report is adverse upon a ground on
which the court has jurisdiction, it is affirmed;
but if it. is upon grounds upon which the court
has no jurisdiction, but Congress has, we exam-
ine the whole subject, and make our report to the
Senate as the case seems to icquire.
Mr. WADE. I supposed that was so. I was
on that committee for six years, and that was the
course. JWe sometimes submit questions to that
court that do not strictly belong to them under
the law of their organization. They were insti-
tuted, as I understand it, to try legal questions.
Sometimes we act upo'n questions of policy,
sometimes on questions of generosity; and we
should not, of course, substitute that court to de-
termine what we should-do in those cases; and if
we should send them there for their opinion, it
would be barely advisory. But when we have
constituted a legal tribunal of the most eminent
jurists in the country, and they have taken into
consideration a case, and adjudicated it, putting a
claimant to great expense to litigate his claim, it
strikes me, though we have the power to setasido
any judgment they make, whether H is within
their jurisdiction or not, n is not a proper exer-
cise of that discretion for us to overturn their le-
gal judgment upon a matter within their jurisdic-
tion, when we are unable to give any good reasons
for doing so. They may have considered the
subject for days, perhaps for months; they search
authorities on legal points; they have the light of
counsel, of argument, and of precedent, before
them; and if in tlie Senate we take up the case,
and in half an hour determine that they are wrong,
it seems to me that it is not a proper exercise of
our discretion.
We have the physical power to do it, I know;
and I know as well that it is very rare—I do not
remember a single instance—wheiethe applicants
have got a decision against' them that we over-
turned it. It is a kind of game in which we do
not intend to lose. We send a man before a court;
send him out to take testimony; and it is cross-
examined. One great defect m the original juris-
diction was, that there was no way of cross-ex-
amination; it was all ex parte; but now it is not.
They send out a commissioner, and there is a rigid
cross-examination, as m any other court. They ^
investigate it precisely as the judges of the Su-
preme Court on the circuits would do, and they
come to a conclusion. If it is unfavorable to the
Government, we question it very sharply. If it
is against the poor applicant, we say it is conclu-
sive agmnst him. That is what we have always
said, i believe. Perhaps we shall not always say
so. I may have gone too far in saying they have
not been questioned; but, I believe, no one has
been overturned. I believe the honorable Sena-
tor from Maine will not contradict me in the as-
sertion that no decision adverse to a claimant has
ever been reversed here, though it may be true
that some aie questioned.
Mr. STUART. Mr. President, I had not, I
think, misstated the argument of the Senator from
Ohio, although 1 have given lum liberty to ex-
plain himself very fully. I used this term: that,
in his opinion, Congress was morally bound to
execute the determination of the court. I did not
understand him to say that we had not power to
overrule their determination; but I was arguing
to show that it imposed no further obligation on
us than the report of a committee.
When the Senator.interrupted me, I had near-
ly concluded what I intended to say on this sub-
ject. The case referred to by the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine [Mr. Fessenden] is a case fresh
in the recollection of gentlemen here; and the
principles that were laid down by the court in its
first decision, which was favorable to the" claim-
ant, shocked the country A subsequent decision
of the court, on a review, changed their determin-
ation,and they decided against theclaim;and that
claim is now before Congress demanding to be
paid. But, sir, to be entirely fair with the Sen-
tor's argument, he states a fact which is but most
natural in its application* It is undoubtedly true
that when the Court of Claims decides against a
claim, Congress does not undertake to review it.
