1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
35th Cong....2d Sess-
lieport of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
been negotiated with them some two or three j
years ago, by which they agreed to retire upon j
small reservations in consideration of a promise j
on our part to erect buildings, establish shops, j
and schools, and make annual presents of blank- :
ets, clothing, and useful implements. j
These treaties not having been ratified, the In- ;
dian office has been compelled to disappoint the j
expectations of the Indians, who very naturally ;
becamedissatisfied. Thefrequenttrespassescom- >
muted by the whites, who, not anticipating the ;
delay in the ratification of the treaties, in many 1
instances settled upon the land which by the trea- ;
ties was ceded to the United States, aggravated 1
the discontent of the Indians, until it manifested '
itself in acts of open hostility. j
Peace has been attain obtained by conquest, but i
the exact terms upon which it has been made are
not at this time known to the Department.
The proper management of those Indians, whose
title to the lands they occupy has never been rec- :
ognized by the United States, is a problem of ,
most difficult solution. I do not refer to the scat-
tered remnants of Indian tribes still remaining
in some of the older States of the Union, who are I
not brought under the supervision of the Com-
missioner of Indian Aflaiis, but to the Indians in
the States of California and Texas. The policy 1
adopted by Congress in regard to these Indians
has been to gat her them, as far as practicable, upon «
reservations, with the expectation that, under the
guidance and protection of the Indian agents, they ■
would support themselves by their labor, and im- ;
prove in morals and in the arts of civilized life.
During the last summer steps were taken to obtain
correct and reliable information of the working
of this system.
A partial report from Texas gives the gratify- :
ing intelligence of the good conduct of ouragents,
and the comfort and progress of the Indians on
the reservations.
The information in regard to the working of
the system in California is discouraging. The
product of the several farms is altogether inade-
quate to the support of the Indians, and the ex- j
penses of the system, as heretofore managed, is j
enormous. Tins is to he attributed, in a great .
measure, to the unnecessarily large number of
white persons employed; and it would seem that, 1
without a radical lefurin in this and other partic-
ulars, the system will not be attended by a sue- j
cess commensurate with the cost. j
Directions have been given to dismiss the la- 1
borers and employes, who have been retained
heretofore at a very heavy expense, and to em-
ploy Indian labor alone in cultivating and lmprov-
ing'the farms, and in herding the stock. Proper
allotments of land inside the reservations are to
be assigned to each family aa their own private
property, and each individual is to be fully se-
cuied in I he possession and enjoyment of the
flints of his own labor; industiy and virtue are
to bccncouiagcd by suitable rewards, and distin-
guished from idleness and vice. The Indians arc,
moreover, to be informed that unless they produce
their necessary supplies, they can no longer ex-
pect that food will be furnished them at the ex-
pense of the United States. With a view to carry
out the policy here indicated, the estimates for
the Indian service m California for the next fiscal
year have been reduced to the «mm of #50,000.
In southern California there are still numerous
bands of Indians that have no permanent loca-
tions. Where they are found in desirable places
they are often intruded upon and driven away by
white men; and feeling no confidence that they
can retain a place of permanent abode, they wan-
der .about ready for any mischievous enterprise.
If this Department had authority to assign homes
to such, in the possession of which they might
be piotected, there is hope that they could event-
ually be made useful members of a community
in which they are now dangerous vagrants.
The Pimas and Maricopas, of Arizona, are
agriculturists,and have fixed abodes. Before they
aie interfered with by emigration, reservations
of proper extent should be assigned to them; and
so soon as a definite understanding can be had
with the Apaches, Camanches, Kiowas, and other
roving tribes of the interior, the same policy ap-
pears to be most proper to adopt in regard to them.
These tribes will soon have to be localized; and
to enforce quietude and keep them within the
limits of their own possessions, the utmost watch-
fulness and firmness will be required.
I take occasion here to renew the recommenda-
tions made in my last annual report, that a dis-
trict court should be established in the country
occupied by the Choctaws, Chickasaws, Chero-
kees and Creeks, and that the intercourse laws
should be revised and codified.
With the authority from Congress so to com-
mute the annuities of Indian tribes that they may
be expended* with their consent and approbation,
j for the common good, to divide existing tribal
j reservations among the individuals of the tribes
. respectively, with such restrictions upon the
, power of alienation as will remove all temptation
; to speculation; to assign lands as homes to those
(Jndians who have 110 fixed abode; and to pre-
scribe the boundaries within which the migratory
bands will be required to remain, I should hope
for the best results from the efforts of this De-
partment tonmoliorate the condition of the Indians j |
under its supervision. j|
PENSIONS. I
The current business of the Pension Office in 1
all its branches has been brought up to date, and ■
the Urge clerical force which was required for the I
execution of the bounty land act of 1855 can be '
dispensed with at an early day. j
During the year ending 30th September last,
13,815 bounty land warrants were issued, requir-
ing 2,034,420 acres of land to satisfy them. This, (
added to the quantity shown by my report of last
year, makes the whole amount of public lands
granted for military scrvicesup to September 30, !
1853, 6:3,739,36:2 acres. Under the acts of 1847
and 1855, there are about 74,000 bounty land
claims pending in the office, originally suspended
on account of informality, ii reguiai ity, or defect-
ive proof. Many of these cases aie called up l'i om
time to time by the parties interested for reex-
amination, requiring a large amount of labor and j
patient investigation in the disposition of them. ,
The whole number of army pensioners under j
the various acts of Congress is 10,723, requiring '
for their payment the annual sum of $902,700 29. ;
The whole number of navy pensioners is 892, ;
and the aggregate amount of their annual pay-
ments is $130,501 10. j
The entire amount which has heretofore been ;
paid under the various pension and bounty land
acts, far exceeds ail the anticipations of those who |
advocated iheir enactment, and will bo learned by 1
the country with some surprise. It appears that :
the total disbursement for pensions up to this date ;
is about ninety million dollars. If to this sum :
we add the bounties in land, 02,739,362 acres, ■
and estimate that land at $1 25 per acie, the total
amount granted for bounties and pensions will be
$108,424,202. _ ;
U is not improper, to a full understanding of j
the subject in this connection, to review the op- |
oration of some of the pension laws, and to refer j
to the estimates on which others were based. j
Take for illustration the law granting invalid ]
pensions. Dming the ten years preceding the
year 1815, the annual expenditure on account of ;
invalid pensions averaged #93.000. During the ten
years succeeding 3815, the average was $256,000
per annum. At "the present time it is $445,000 per
annum. Tin's constant increase can onlv be ac- 1
counted for by the peculiar provisions of the laws
under which the allowance is made. The disa- ,
bihty may have wholly ceased, yet the Depart- >
ment has no authority, under existing laws, to ]
withhold the pension of an invalid once granted. ;
The examinations are generally made by physi-
! cians unknown to the office, ex parte, and most
■ frequently long after the occurrences which on- ;
: ginate the disability, yet, being undisputed, tluir
1 certificates are leceived as good and sufficient tcs-
i timony.
! With a view of showing the impossibility of
arriving in advance at anv icasonable conception
of the "expenditures which will be required by a
pension law, I will refer you to the history of the
passage of two enactments—one of 1832, and the
other of 1853—occurring more than twenty years
apart.
On the 7th of June, 1832, forty-nine years after
the close of the revolutionary war, "An act sup-
plementary to the act for the relief of certain sur-
viving officers and soldiers of the-RevoIution " was
passed. While that bill was under consideration,
a committee of the House of Representatives-
went into an elaborate calculation in order to as-
certain the number of persons then living who
were embraced by its pi'ovisions, and the annual
amount of money it would require. The conclu-
sion was that the number of soldiers who would
clai m and be entitled to its benefits was 10,057, and
that the annual expenditure would be $907,608*
On this calculation the bill was passed-. Tho
number of claims filed under the law during the
first year was about 25,000. The whole number
filed under it exceeds 38,000. The whole number
admitted was 33,414.
The whole amount expended for pensions in
the year 1831. was $1,281,679 71. In 1833, it was
$5,100,203 97. The increase caused by the act of
June 7,1832, was, therefore, $3,815,524 26—more ^
than four times as much as the committee esti-
mated the bill would require.
It was further estimated by the committee that
at the end of seven years, fifty-five years after the
war of the Revolution, there would be none sur-
viving to receive us benefits. .Now, if the whole
number, 30,057, which it was supposed would
receive pensions under this law had Jived out the
seven years, it would have required $6,353}220
to have met its entire requirements, according to
the calculation of the committee** But this, of
course, was not anticipated, inasmuch as the'V*
expected that the whole number of bcneficuxriea
would have passed away within the seven years.
It is fair, then, to presume that one half of this
amount, $3,176,613, was all that was expected to
be drawn from the Treasury under its provisions.
Twenty-six years have elapsed since the passage
of that law, and about two hundred soldicis are
j yet on the rolls, and the gross amount expended
I under the act is now over §18,000,000.
i On the passage of the act of February 3, 1853,
! granting pensions to the widows of revolutionary
1 soldiers married subsequent to 1300, the estimate
i of the office was that $24,000 would be sufficient
I for the first year. That amount, however, was
! found wholly inadequate, and the additional sum
i of $200,000 was asked for and appropriated in
j the deficiency bill of the succeeding session for
i that purpose.
j There are other facts on this subject of curious
! interest. Fifty-three years after the war of the
! Revolution, 5,000 widows were living whose mar-
riages took place prior to 1783. Nearly 100 of
them are yetahve. In 3838, fifty-five years after
the close of the war, 11,870 widows were living
who were married between 1783 and 3794. In
3848, sixty-five years after the war, 6,442 of the
31,870 were still alive.
I In my last annual report you were informed
: that a practice which had obtained in the Pension
- Office, of paying to the representatives of deceased
! revolutionary soldiers and their widows the pen-
l sions which they would have received had the
| proof been satisfactorily established during their
! lifetime, had been overruled by me as unauthoi-
! ized by law. During the last fiscal year this de-
cision has saved to the Treasury $118,000.
While I have the greatest confidence in the
1 watchfulness and integrity of the officers who
! have heretofore had the direct management of the
i pension bureau, the development of the frauds
which have been palmed off upon that office is
astounding. During the last year fraudulent
bounty land claims, amounting in the aggregate
to about 175,000 acies, have been detected and
exposed. Previous investigations had brought to
■ light a fraudulent issue of about 225,000 acres,
j Four of the perpetrators of these frauds have been
■ convicted and sentenced during the last year; one,
, against whom the evidence was conclusive, es-
I caped punish ment under the statute limiting pros-
ecution to two years from the commission of the
i offense; and thirteen others have been regularly
I indicted and are awaiting their trials. The bold-
! ness and ingenuity with which these impostors
j have presented, pressed, and successfully prose-
j cuted their cases, have equaled anything recorded
j in the annals of crime. In some cases they have
! even imposed upon their immediate Representa-
I tives in Congress, and made them the vehicles of
' conducting their correspondence for establishing
