1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
_ 651
What is the reason ? Because the history of the
country shows that the Government rarely gets
a determination in its favor vHien it ought not to
have it. The danger is on the other side.
Now, sir, in regard to'thecharacterof the court
and of its officers, I would never speak of them
except with the most perfect respect, not only for
their position, but theuvability; but there are al-
ways, within the Halls of Congress, many gentle-
men who possess the highest abilities in the legal
profession; and I haverfurther to say, that an emi-
nent lawyer, like an eminent physician, divine,
mechanic, tradesman, or husbandman, is only
made when he has eminent natural abilities-, and
the chanccs will be, in the history of this country,
as they have been heretofore, that those members
of the legal profession who attain seats m Con-
gress, will find among their number many of the
ablest legal gemlemen in the Confederacy. Hence
there is no danger 111 Congress reviewing a ques-
tion of law decided by the Court of Claims.
I have but one further remark to make, and I
shall move to lay this bill on the table; and it is
simply to state a distinction which is controlling
with me: when a court, organized under the Con-
stitution,decides aquestion, Congress will refuse
to review its decision; because it is conclusive
upon all parties, although Congress might not so
decide; although you,as a Senator, or as a law-
yer, might not so deci3e; yet such is the Constitu-
tion and law of the country. It is a case concluded;
not subject to review. Bat that argument has 110
application to the Court of Claims.
1 am sorry, Mr. President, that 1 have detained
the Senate so long on this private bill day; but I
have thought always, when these questions have
arisen, that the character and intention and juris-
diction of the Court of Claims never ought to be
misapprehended by Congress. I move to lay the
bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
CREEK DEPREDATIONS.
The next biil on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 26) to provide for the examination and pay-
ment of certain claims of citizcns of Georgia and
Alabama on account of losses sustained by dep-
redations of the Creek Indians.
Mr. CLAY. Let that bill be passed over for
the present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi. Foster.)
By common consent this bill will be passed ovci.
JOSfi DE LA MAYA ARREDONDU.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 26) for the relief of the heirs and legal repre-
sentatives of Jose de la Maya Arredondo.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask that that may be
passed over. It was introduced on a petition
which I presented here. I will state that I make
this request upon the statement of my colleague,
that the parties interested in the bill, and who aie
to receive the benefit of it, have an understanding
with him to this effect.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be passed over if there be no objection.
GEORGE H. HOWELL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 149) for the relief of George H. Howell.
Mr. 1VERS0N. As the Senate had up, last
Friday, the bill for the relief of Dr. Suddards,
which involves precisely the same punciple as
this bill for the relief of Dr. Howell, and as the
Senate gave an unequivocal expression of opinion
against that bill, it is unnecessary to consider tins
bill; and I move to postpone it indefinitely.
The motion was agreed to.
JOSHUA D. TODD.
The bill (S. No. 153) for the relief of Lieuten-
ant Joshua D. Todd, United States Navy, was
read a second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
Tt proposes to direct the prnperaccounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to pay Joshua D. Todd, the
pay of a master in the Novv of the United States,
from the 17th of June, 1H44, to the 3Oth of Au-
gust, 1846, after deducting therefrom the amount
already received by Todd as passed midshipman
during that period.
Mr. FESSKNDEN, I should like to hear the
report in that case.
The Secretary read the report, from which it
appears that the petitioner asks to be allowed in-
creased compensation for services rendered by
him, he having, while a passed midshipman of
the United States Navy, performed the duties of a
master, under directions from the Secretary of the
Navy, from 17th of June, 1844, to 10th of Au-
gust, 1846. Many cases of an analogous char-
acter have been referred to the committee, and in
their consideration they have adopted, as their
general rule of action, the policy of refusing to
grant to the officers of the Navy any higher com-
pensation than that allowed to them by law.
There are, however, in the case-ofthe petitioner,
peculiar circumstances which make a deviation
from the common rule just and proper. In the third
section of the act of 17th June, 1844, all provis-
ions of law granting to officers temporarily per-
forming the duties belonging to those of a higher
grade the compensation allowed by law to such
higher grade were repealed. The general legisla-
tion remains unchanged; but, by act of 10th Au-
gust, 1846, an exception was made in favor of
passed midshipmen performing the duties of mas-
ter under the direction of the Secretary of the
Navy. It is to be presumed that this exception :
was established in consequence of the pecuiiaily
responsible duties of masters as navigators of our
ships-of-war. The service of Mr. Todd was per-
formed m the interval between the enactment of
the general repealing law and the establishment
of the special exception in favor of passed mid-
shipmen •acting as masters. This fact, in the
opinion of the committee, takes the case of Mr.
Todd out of the ordinary principle which has gov-
erned them in refusing to recommend allowances
for increased pay.
The biil was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
WILLIAM F. CARRINGTON.
The next biil on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 154) for the relief of William F. Camngton,
passed assistant suigeon in the Navy of the Uni-
ted Slates; which was read the second time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. This bill and the next fol-
lowing it, are also bills in relation to the pay of
assistant surgeons, which the Senate decided last
Fnday, by a decisive vote. I move that this bill
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ROBERT CARTER.
The bilT (S. No. 155) for the relief of Robert j
Carter, passed assistant surgeon in the Navy of'
the United States, was read the second time.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to lay the btU on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI TWO PER CENT. FUND.
The bill (S. No. 157) to provide for the pay- I
ment to the State of Missouri of two per centum j
of the net pioceeds of the sales of the public lands j
therein, hen tofore reserved under a compact with
that State, was announced as the next in order.
Mr. FOOT. It will be recollected that when a
motion was made to take up this bill some days (
ago, (I think on last Friday,) my colleague [Mr. !
Coli,\m1'.h] expressed a d' Sire to be heaid at j
length upon the bill. 1 know that he wishes to ;
be hcatd on it whenever it is taken up. I have |
to'state that he is confined to his lodgings at this ;
time by severe indisposition. I therefore think
it but an act of courtesy to him, his desire to be 1
heard on the question being known to the Senate, I
as expressed by himself on Friday last, to post- ;
pone it. 1 move that u be postponed until next 1
Friday. j
Mr. GREEN. Personally, I will extend every 1
courtesy to the Senator fi oai Vermont that is due |
to him; but, when a State's rights are involved, j
I do not think I can do it. This matter has al- ;
ready been too long delayed The bill has pa^-d 1
the House of Representatives in this form; it is a
clear case, in my estimation, and I do not think 1
any wrong will be done to the Senator from Ver- >
mont, or to the public interest, by considering the
case at present. Longer delay may prejudice the •
rights of a State; and I hope, therefore, the sub- ■
je^t will be considered at once; and I am willing, ,
out of coiTrtesy to the Senator who is sick and ■
absent, to pair off my vote so far as that is con- ,
cemed, and even to pair off my argument, for I
thmk I can answer any argument he may make
011 the subject.
Mr. POLK. I would extend all courtesy to ^
the Senator from Vermont; but it will be recol-
lected by the Senate that this bill was brought in
from the House of Representatives, and was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
reported from that committee at the last session.-"
There were at least two efforts made then to get
the bill up; and I recollect that in both instances
it failed because of the objection of the Senator
from Vermont, who is now absent. I think the
proposition made by my colleague is a very rea-
sonable one—to pair off on his vote with the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. FOOT. I have stated the grounds of my
motion; and it is not within my recollection, after
aft experience of some years here, that a motion
of this kind, founded upon a cause like this, has
not/net the acceptance of the Senate. I do not
know of an instance.
Mr. GREEN. The misfortune of a Senator
ought not to prejudice the rights of a State. If
there were any assurance given that this subject
would be considered and^icted on, I would extend
every courtesy; but we have no assurance of that
kind. The Senator may be sick the rest of the
session; and, if he should die, he never would be
here to attend to the opposition to the passage of
this bill. If it be a mere matter of argument, 01*
of vote, all of that can be counteracted by votes
on the opposite side. I consider it so plain a case
that it cannot prejudice any Senator, or any State
of the Union, to consider it now, in the absence
of the Senator from Vermont. I should be the
last, I trust, to consent to withholding any cour-
tesy due to the honorable Senator fiom Vermont,
who is detained from his seat to-day; but I be-
lieve this to be a very important bill. If it be not
reached this session, although it has passed the
House of Representatives, it will be lost. That
Senator's single objection before, when he had a
right, by a word, to stop the passage of the bill,
prevented its passage; and now, when a simple
objection will not stop the passage of the bill, I
want it to be considered, and let the majority of
the Senate decide it. I take no advantage of |he
absence of the Senator; but I do ask the consid-
eration of the Senate to this matter, lest it may
not be reached at all, and the prior action of the
other branch of Congress be lost.
Mr. 1VERSON. I wish to ask the Senator
from Missouri one question, which will determine
my vote on this motion to postpone. Has the
House of Representatives passed a similar bill at
this session ?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
Mr. POLK. I intended to move to substitute
that bill in place of this one.
Mr. IVER.SON. Of course this is an appeal
to our courtesy, and I must, under the circum-
stances, vote in favor of the postponement, be-
cause 1 am satisfied that all House bills will
hereafter be acted upon. We can act upon every
House bill hereafter; while I am very sure that
we shall act upon only very few more of the bills
originating in the Senate, because the Senator
from Virginia, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, has given me notice to-day that he is
determined hereafter on Friday to press the con-
sideration of the appropriation bills, and I am
very well satisfied that, after to-day, we shall not
act on any private bills originating in the Senate;
but, so far as House bills are concerned, I think
the Senate will yield another Friday or two to
them; and, therefore, 1 am willing to vote for the
postponement.
Mr. GREEN. If the Senator from Virginia
will press his appropriation bills on every Fii-
day, 1 should like to knuw on what Friday wo
can consider this bill?
Mr. IVERSON. I think, notwithstanding the
pressure of the Senator from Virginia, the Senate
will be disposed to take up bills from the House
of Representatives of a private nature, and act
on them before the adjournment. I thinic they
appeal so strongly to the Senate for action, that
the Senate wilf yield at least one more dpy for
them; and then this bill for the State of Missouri
can come up.
Mr. GR&EN. If there is any common under-
standing that on next Friday private lulls can be
considered, and that this will be the first on the
Calendar, 1 shall yield most cheerfully.
Mr. PUGEI. Allow me to make a suggestion.
The House bill is on the Calendar of public bills,
where it ought not to be. If the Senate will agree
