652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
to take up that bill and allow it to be made the
special order for half past twelve o'clock on Fri-
day next, I think we can accomplish all the Sen-
, ator desires.
Mr. GREEN. I will agree to that.
Mr. PUGH. I am in favor of the passage of
the House bill; and if there be no objection, I
shall propose that that be taken up.
^ Mr. FOOT. That is satisfactory.
Mr. PUGH. I propose that the House bill be
taicen from the Calendar and made the special or-
der for next Friday, at half past twelve -o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
A. W. MACPHERSON.
The bill (S. No. 187) for the relief of A. W.
Macpherson was read the'second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to audit and settle the accounts of A. W.
Macpherson, for furnishing the district and cir-
cuit court-rooms, for th^MJse of the courts of the
United States, in the city of San Francisco, Cal-
ifornia; allowing such prices for the articles fur-
nished as, under all the circumstances, shall ap-
pear to him reasonable and just.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us hear the report
in that case.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Iverson, on the 8th of March, 1858:
The Committee on Chums, to whom wag rcfcired the
petition of A. YV. Macpherson, beg leavo to report:
That on the 9th June, 1855, the Sccrctaiy ot the Inferior
wrote to the marshal ot the district of Calu'omui, by which
liu was ciuihori/.ed '• to prucuio such other dccoiumodaoons
({or the comts ot* the United*Stilts) upon tho mo.st lavoui-
l le terms to the United States, to be fully approved by the
judge and the United Stan* attorney, and to tiansmit to the
jDep.mmcnt a copv ot the agreement, with the approval of1,
the ollicor.s mdoiscd on it."
Undenhcso nMruetioris, the marshal erncicd into nloa^e
antl agiecmcrit with peiitiouei (ot the icnt ol a buihhmiand
fur nnni^hm? the same, separately. The cnnirjict ol lease
wu* continued by the Secretary, but the account loi. the
furnivite, though certified to m due loim by the iudi,'"-< of
the ciuuitand district courts, and by ihe distnci attorney
anfj mai>hal of the United States was lelused pavment on
the ground that there was no authonry to pay in theDepait-
iiieut, under the act of iYbiuaiy :J(>, L-oJ, winch en.icu
that '• a marshal shall not incur an expense of mote than
twenty dollars lor anv one year toi fnnii-huiz,'" kc.
Hy the act ol 28th September, die laws o( the Urn
ted fcUntc* weie made ot lore m California, which was di-
vided into two district^; and, by the fourth section, the
judjreofthe noiibeui dij-tuet was dneetod h  hold two rcg
ular sfs^iou of Ins court in the oirj of San Franet-eo.
By the aet of dd March, 1S.V>,1 ho judge of the cuciiit court
was direeled to hold a team of his com t oti the iii Monday
of July in each and every year, with povvt r to hold special
teiuisin s.ud eily, at such places '• as the mai-lial of the
United States foi the northern distncr of California shall
procure for the puiposo, undei the diiecuon of said judge.-"
if appeais that, undei the autiionty oi these acts and the
Icliei oftiiMnteuoii-i Jioiu tlie S.'oieiai \ to the marshal, the
house i en!<'d limn tin1 petitioner w a.s (m nished bv him under
an agreement to pav tor the same, ami the accounts toi ihe
pi ice of the same are ceutiiied to, a,- above recited, In the
proper otHeei^
The.se.iccounNaie foi the pumsofVO.O^Oe.ind
in the aggieg ite, ^18.01^ !" . 'I he prices chaiged loi the
aiticlos tu.m.-hed appeal to >our committee to bce\tiav-
agant. and they are. then-More, unwilling to icconimcnd flie
paj meat ol the amount claimed. As tho United Stat< s have
had the use ot -ani fuuutme. and are •still imd" the same,
they think that the petitioner if entitled to a eomp"rwUnm
for the reasonable value of the *ame, and tht> therefoie
recommend the adoption ot the accompanying bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SUSANNAH HAYNE PINCICNFY.
The bill (S. No. 205) for the relief of Susannah
Hayne Pmckney, sole heir of Captain Rich ml
Shubrielr, was rend the second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It providesfor the payment fo Susannah Hnyoc
Pinekney, sole heir of Captain Richard Shu-
brick, of the Revolution, of the seven years'half
pay of a captain of infantry, as promised by the
resolve of the 24th of August, 1780, which
amounts to $1,680.
Mr. ClrlESNUf. Jn order to make the bill
effectual, it is necessary to amend it. The claim-
ant for whose benefit this bill has been repotted,
is dead; she has died since tho report was made
by the committee, and pending the proceedings
here. His necessary, therefore, to amend the bill.
I move to amend it by ins^rtin^ in the fourth
line.afterthe words "to pay to,"the words "the
legal representatives of;55 so thatit will read,v< to
pay to the legal representatives of Susannah
Hayne Pmckney i" and after the word " Pmck-
ney," to insert " deceased, who was;" so that the
bill, beiag amended, will read:
To pay to the legal representatives of Susannah Hayne
Pinekney, deceased, who was the legal representative of,
&c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to hear the report
read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Evans*, from the Committee,on Revolu-
tionary Claims, Match 17, 1858:
The Committee on Revolutionaiy Claims, to whom was
referied the memonal of Susannah fJUynfi Pmekney,sole*
hen* of Captain Richard Shubuck, having had the same un-
der consideration, beg leave to submit the following report:
Jvtohard Shubrick was a captain tn the sceond regiment
of the South Carolina line of the Continental army of the
Revolution. He died tn Ohaile&ton, of fever, whilst m the
service, on the 8th November, 1777, leaving a widow and
two minor chsldien. The widow and one of the children
have been dead manv years®, and the petitioner is the sole
suivivor and heir of the said Captain tihubuck.
The pia>ero: me petuion is, that t-he maybe paid the
seven years' half pay which was provided lor m the lesolu-
tion of Congress oi 24th of August, 1780, to the widows and
minor children of ollicers oi the army who had died, or
should thereafter die, m the service.
To a correct understanding of this case, it will be neees-
saiy to enter somewhat into detail as to the several acts oi
resolve* on which the meut of tiie petition depends, and
into a detail of the lustoiy of the case, as they appear in the
pioeeeding> of Cougio«..
Un the I.">th ol May. 1778, on the report of a committee,
OoiiMie-- '• lip'.olrcd unanimowihj, Thatall mdAarv officers
I commissioned by Connies, who' now arc. or may heieafter
j lie. in tue seivice oi' the United .States, and j-h.dl continue
1 tueiein duung the war, and not holding an) olhee of piofit
j under those State*, or .niv of them, shall,altei the conclu-
! sion ol the wai, he entitled to receive 'annually, for the
I tfiim of seven jeass, il they live so long, one half of the
pie; ent pay of Mich otiioer."' On tuciiiih oi Auuust, 17t0,
(Jongi e took into coiiMdei.ition the icpoi I ot the commit-
tee on the memorial ol the ir'neiai ofluvs: and. theio-
upim, it was " Unjoined, That the i evolution ot tin- loth of
May. I'< "<3, grantma half pay for seven >eai s to the olheers
of the army who should continue in seivice to the end of
the wai, bo extended to the widows of those ofl'icei;> who
have dit d. oi Mull heiealtei die, mthc sot vice, to commence
from the time <u Mich ofjieeideath, and to continue tor
>even j'eais; oi, u tiieie tic no widow, or m ca-e ot her
death oi mteimatil.ige. she said hall pay be given to the
oiphan chiIdteii oi ihe otlieer dyue.' i\* a'oie-aid, if he si; ill
leave am ; and tn.it it, be recommended to the Legi -latine*
of (lie lesjieeiive ^!,ite- to which Mich olficcis belong, to
make pioviMon foi pajing the ^ame on account ol the Uni-
ted Stat ("
On the 4th of May, l'^n on jlio lepoit of a committee to
whom had been leleircil aleth-i cjI ihe widow ot G< neial
VVo.ir.tei, who was killed m battle pnoi to ihe ].)thof M.iy,
11 <8, it was t'Resutvi'il, That n be recommendwl to the yiaie
ol'ContiC(M!cut to settle with and pay the widow of the late
ihnxadiei Gencial David Wuo-tei tho seven xea^Mialf p.ty
ol a hi i«adiei geneial, fi iee,ihl\ io the i esolunon ot Telau-
aiy -Jt!, 17^5, the amount whe.eol they aic authorized to
cImiue to the Umied Wtate,." It al-o appeals fiom the
Joinnals ot (Joii'„'u v-M. xl, p. t4"i-1, that, O.nuie^s oiiieied
a^ loi low s : That tic elde-t son ol (ieneial Wan en, and the
yo!iin>;e>t son of (Jeueral Mereei. be educaied lioin this time
(Aj)! il o, 17"- V,) tft ilie puiihe ex[ieu-e ; ami, al a sub^ quent"
period, ConjfH"«! m.ide lui'lior pmvision tor the family of
(ieueial Wuiren. L oih l.ie-e ollieiM < weie kilh d be loi e the
l,">!h ol May, 1"'^. This i- all the Icio-l.inon u Inch applies
to tiii< c.w'. The hi^loi\ ( f Itu; < • Hop oi Coii'.'h'is on this
u ease is as if,!lnus:' At the litsession of the
.nid Connies-.. (I;<)!,) Thomas Shubuek.on the p-ut and
ol Man and ^u-.um.ih ^nub. iek. Uhi inmoi ehildu-n
ot the said Kiehaol rinnIn iek, p: e~< nted a petition pta \ inu:
that thev murht be paid 'he st <.-cn 1 eats" hall pay uiuh-r the
le,solution of Auau-t "21. L7f?G. Upon this apphcauon, tiie
t^ei i et.u v wi Wat. Guieuil Kim.\. nu.ae <i ie[.njt lciom-
ineiiihu'4 rts paymen;. and suhmitieii. .ihniu' \vith it. a !i t
of npwatdfi of io'ty eases m which the Mate? |i:u! paid,
rwreeabiy to the locointiK'ndation of Couciess. contained m
the said t e.-uluiion ol the :i hh >\ti2u.-r, 1 / sJ
Theie does not appeal tolia^'e b''.. n auv ratal action on
this petition, and the apphcauon was not leneued uniil the
Twenty-Thud Comrie-s. since which time the claim ha-
been seveial tune befoic both Hon-es m Conines-, and n
<liall v i - 'poi ted on la vouddy. In 181*2. a bdl lepoited by the
Committee on !lo\ohuiomiry Claims, m the house of li.'p-
ree': i«ative-«. >)cimj under eon ^deration, it u ;e!ei led to
the (Joinmith'o on the Jud.ciarv to lepoit 14 \\ lieihei. tn a
le^ai point ot View, i( tiieie were no statutes oi hnniations
in the way, ihe widows and oi [ilran.s ot ofiaei ~ ()f (.he ^out.-
nenta! line oi :lie ievolutional v :omy who weie killed oi died
m the .seivice [a 101 to the ifnh May. I 776, (the day tne act
gianung seven v<"iif>' hail pay lo oflicen w.io should serve
to the end of the war w<h pa.-sed.) uie oraie nor entitled to
the seven yeais hah pay yiantedbv the tier of -21th Aui^u-l,
i7--JU, to the widows a.id otphans of all ofiiee;s w no had
died, or should die. in the seivice." In pui -uanc" < f this
reineiiee, a vciv full lepojt was made, ituiiiri'iii'i" tue
proposition that tho^e who died, or v\>ir': killed in the ser-
vice. antei ior to ihe tc^ohiiiou oi the 15t.i Ma\. r<7^, were
nut ( mnh.d. fudf ed, it tiie icsolution of ;2!tn Amrust be
!j eonstmed l>y iKelf, theie i, no reasonable doubt as to its
coiistmction. -t extends Uijj benefit of the ievolution of
Lull May, 1/1?, ro the widow's oi oij)-'aiis of r^u..e oiheers
who had d'ed. find &«jould thoienltv'i  he, in the service
iviiat widow j ami oipharis arc heie meant? It is dear
the woidsk* tiie widows and oi nuaus of those oilieeis mean
ttio=e mentionedin tiie piccedmu: ( ***t of the sentence, viz:
tiie ofTiecrs win. at the a:*ic c'the resolution, \yeie, or might
thereafter be, in'th" s<>f\ -ce, and spomd continue to the end
ol the ''var. The object oi the iw^olutioa ui Au^u l -1, Kc'J,
was, in case of the death of an officer who, if he had con-
tinued in the service to tiie end of the war, would have been
entitled to tiie seven yeais' half pay, to substitute his widow
or children m his place. It is not known to your committee
that Congress has ever sanctioned any other conjunction
of the resolve of August 21, "1780, except in the case of the
wrriow of General Wooster; but if is very certain thatuiatiy
of the States, acting on the autiionty of that case, were in-
fluenced by a very liberal construction of the words "have
died.v1 having paid by far the gn-ater number of tne cases
without reference to the time ofdcaih. So far as is known
to your committee, theie is only one other case like this un-
provided for; and, under these.cneumstances, your com-
mittee have come to tho conclusion to lecommend tne pay-
ment of this claim, and report a bill foi that pui pose.
Mr. CLAY. Mr. President, I do not like to
object to the passage of the bill. Perhaps 1 should
not have done so, but for the amendment which
has been moved and has been adopted. I under-
stand from the Senator from South Carolina, who
moved the amendment, that Mrs. Pmckney is
dead, and he proposes to substitute for her, her
legal representatives. Now, 1 suppose it js known
to every member of the Senate that all those pen-
sions are personal gratuities, intended for the
benefit of-the individual mentioned in the act.
Such has been the construction of Congress, and
such has been the construction of the courts. This
bill now provides, not for Mrs. Pinekney,but for
her legal representatives. She did not come either
within the letter or tliQ spnit of the resolve of
1780. I doubt whether shfc would be embraced
within it at this time, for that was to provide for
the widows and minor child)on; and siu:h has
been the general policy of all pension laws. They
have not extended to adult children; they have
only embraced minors, and by most of the acts
it is declared that only minois under sixteen
years of age shail'be entitled to the bounty of the
Government. This is a small matter in itself,
but it is vicious in principle, and will be a prece-
dent which will be qUoted hcreuftcr, and which
may be erreatly abused; and on that account I
cannot, vote for ilie bi'l. It is jji violation of
I>ieeedenr, first, if she weie now li\in^, m pro-
viding ft-r one not a minor, and hence not speci-
fied in the resolve of 1780; and second, in pro-
viding; f(U' tiie Jofjal ivpreseniMives of the deceased
child of nn ojTic r who certainly was not within
the purview of that resolve. On that account I
cannot vote for it; and I shall move its indefinite
postponement.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN HASTINGS.
The bill (S. No. £07) for the relief of John
Hastings, collector of the port of Pittsburg, was
rend a second time.
Mr. IVttRSuN. I am satisfied that that bill
is one which will be vei y laiveiy contested m this
body, and in the other 1 louse, so that there is no
earthly prospect of posing it at the present ses-
sion. 1 move, therefore, that it be postponed for
the piesent.
A Sevvto'i. Ij°t it li'* on the table.
Mi. lYEit.SON. 1 will change my motion, and
move that it be'postpon^U indefinitely.
The mo'ion \rivi agreed to.
Mr. IVKllSOX subsr-i.tu ntiy said: some time
ago, when tiie b: 11 for the relief Joim Hastings,
collector of the port ol' PitUhm^, was called, I
moved fust to postpone k until to-morrow, and
li afterwards moduied my moiion so as to postpone
!i it indefinitely. 1 did no upon consultation with
; persons who v/eie interested in the bill who
; j thought it was unn'-ce.-jrsciry to prr ss the case at this
os-Men. An mJ -finite postponement, however,
I looks; as if it wafi a decision of the Senate against
'! the merits of the claim. I did nut intend by that
i motion to indicate any opposition to the bill, be-
| cause I am jij favor of it. I ask the unanimous
.! consent of the Senate to enable me to modify the
, motion so as simply to postpone the bill for the
:j present, with an understanding that it is not to
1 be c.illed up again during the session.
| The PRESID1NGOFFICER, (Mr. Foster m
:j the chair.) By unanimous consent the motion can
.| be entered in that way.
! Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Georgia had
11 not made the" motion to postpone that bill indefi-
'! nitely, 1 should have done so; and I thought it
i | was a httle unfair in him to make the motion, alter
'i i had been the whole afternoon preparing myself
to defeat the bill. 1 had just got through the read-
ji ing of tho documents, when the Sen? tor from Geor-
gia backed out. I intended to move an indefinite
'i postponement of the bill: but I have no objection
