1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
31
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
$2,125 75 under the act of February 16,1857, for
" maintenance and tuition therein," being at the
rate of $150 per annum for each pupil admitted
upon the order of this Department; and $3,000
under the act of May 29,1858, " for the payment
of salaries and incidental expenses of said institu-
tion/' The disbursements amounted to $6,193 88,
leaving a balance on hand at the commencement
of the present fiscal year.
The management and present condition of the
penitentiary will be understood from the accom-
panying report of the board of inspectors, and
those of the warden, clerk, physician, chaplain,
and matron of the institution. The number of
convicts at the close of the year ending Septem-
ber 30, 1857, was 75. On the 30th of September,
1858, the number wafe 108—'66 white and 42 col-
ored. The inspectors are of opinion that they
have at length succeeded in effecting an arrange-
ment by which the labor of the convicts will be
made to pay the cost of their maintenance, thus
relieving the "Government of all charges for that
purpose. If the system, adopted with thatview,
should accomplish this much, a great improve-
ment upon the past will have been gained. A fair
trial shall, at all events, be made, in order to test
its practicability, and, under the guidance of our
intelligent board of inspectors, I have every con-
fidence in its success.
WAGON ROADS.
The wagon roads placed under the direction of
this Department have all been located, and for the
most part constructed. There is a material im-
provement of the new over the old routes. Com-
plete reports from some of the superintendents
have already been icceived; the others are in
course of preparation. As soon as they are all
completed and received they will be communicated
to Congress. It is confidently expected that these
reports will embody much interesting and useful
information in regard to the respective routes, and
the extensive regions of country through wluch
they pass.
Under the act approved June 5, 1858, author-
izing a survey of the boundary line between the
State of Texas and the Territories of the United
States, an effective commission was organized and
directed to cooperate with such agents as might
be selected by the authorities of Texas. The
joint commission was expected to leave San An-
tonio early in November, for the initial point of
their operations on the Rio Grande.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
J3y a resolution adopted on the 20th of March,
1858, Congress so far amended the joint resolu-
tion adopted January 28, lb57, " respecting the
distribution of certain public documents," as to
increase the number to be placed at the disposal
of this Department to three hundred and fifty
copies of each document printed by order of either
branch of Congress, and to direct the distribution
thereof to be made to such colleges and other in-
stitutions named in the resolution referred to as
should be designated by the Representative in
Congress from each congressional district, and
by the Delegate from each Territory in the United
States."
This provision of law relieves the Department
from the responsibility of selecting the institutions
to which the books are to be sent, and limits its
duty to the very simple operations of receiving
the documents, distributing so many as can be
equally apportioned to the several congressional
districts and institutions entitled to receive them,
and retaining the remainder subject to such future
disposition as Congress may direct to be made of
them.
Frum the commencement of the present Con-
gress there will remain, after supplying one in-
stitution in each congressional district, and such
other public libraries as are entitled to receive the
books under special acts of Congress, with one
set of documents, a surplus of one hundred and
seven sets; for the distribution of which further
legislation will be required.
Under the resolution, as originally passed, there
should have been placed at the disposal of this
Department two hundred and thirty-seven sets of
books, as follows:
From the Department of State, one hundred
and eighty-seven sets.
From the Library of Congress, fifty sets.
Those from the State Department have been
supplied, and the Librarian has furnished those
required from him to make up the number to
which the Department is entitled for the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, with the exception of twenty
copies of 66 Senate miscellaneous documents,"
and twenty copies of " Senate documents," vol-
ume eighteen, of the first and second sessions.
An effort is being made to secure these volumes
from other sources, with fair prospects of suc-
cess.
The number of institutions entitled to receive
these documents is at present two hundred and
forty-three, being six more than can be supplied
by this Department under the resolution origin-
ally passed, even if the whole number therein
provided for shall be placed at its disposal. These
six, however, can each be supplied with a full and
complete set of the House documents, numbering
fifty-four volumes, and including nearly all of the
more valuable publications made by order of the
Thirty-Fourth Congress.
Up to the present time two hundred and ten
complete sets (each containing one hundred and
three volumes) of the documents of the Thirty-
Foutth Congress have been distributed, and seven
perfect sets remain on hand. In addition to this,
we have twenty sets complete, lacking two vol-
umes each. All the demands thus far made upon
the Department for these books have been met;
but it will bo impossible, with the means now on
hand, fully to execute the law so far as#relates Co
the documents of the last Congress, unless the
missing volumes above referred to be obtained.
The librarian of Congress was directed by the
resolution of the 28th January, 185i, also to trans-
fei to tins Department the fifty additional copies of
the documents printed by onlct of either House,
"for the purpose of exchange in foreign coun-
tries," under the resolution of July 20, 1840, and
the fifty copies of " thf public journals and doc-
uments of the House of Representatives," di-
rected by resolution of April 30, 1844, " to be
deposited in the Library of Congress," and a list
of the books thus received is herewith submitted.
These are in broken sets, and some of them in a
damaged condition, owing, as I am informed by
the libratian, to the fire which some years since
destroyed the Congressional Libraiy, and the in-
secure manner m which they have since been
kept. They arc consequently of but little value;
yet it is recommended that some provision bp
made for their distribution, that the space occu-
pied by them may be used for other and more
useful purposes.
CENSTS.
The Constitution provides that the actual enu-
meration of the inhabitants of the United States
shall be taken atpeuods of every ten years, in
such manner as shall be directed by law. The
near approach of the period for taking the eighth
census, makes it incumbent upon Congress, at
this session, to provide the means necessary for
the commencement of the work.
The law approved Alay 23,1850, providing for
taking the seventh census, was drawn with great
care, and it requires that, if no other law shall be
passed prior to the 1st day of January, 1860,
superseding it, the Secrctoiy of the Interior shall
proceed to take the eighth census according to its
provisions. The plan of the last, census was de-
vised by a census bo<n d of eminent men, and was
the result of unusual preparation It was re-
ported to, and adopted by, Congress after the most
searching scrutiny and careful amendment, and
presented no feature which interposed any obsta-
cle to its easy execution. Its schedules were full
and comprehensive. By them we not only ascer-
tained the numbei and character of our popula-
tion, and the condition of agriculture, manufac-
tures and trade, but they also embraced within
their scope the exammatimi of many moral and
social facts, illustiative of the intelligent, pros-
perity and happiness of the people, the duiation
of life and the causes of death. The value of
these developments will be gieaily enhanced by
such uniformity m future censuses as will enable
us to institute conipai isons and exactly determine
our progress, without which the results lose most
of their significance and interest. Although the
greatest precautions may have been exercised, it
was impossible to execute so great a work for the
first time without some imperfections, which the
experience of the past, it is hoped, will enable
the Department to prevent in the future. To
change the schedules, or to enlarge or multiply .
them, will but tend to embarrass our officers and
throw suspicion upon the accuracy of the infouna-
tion obtained. With these views, I cannot do
otherwise than recommend adherence to the law
of May 23,1850, in the belief that a census taken,
in accordance with its provisions will afford the-
greatest amount of accurate information and prove
most satisfactory to the country.
The census of the Territory of Minnesota which
Congress, by act of February 26, 1857, directed
to be taken under the supervision of this Depart-
ment, was not finally returned until the 23d of
July last. Many causes, inseparably incident to
the prosecution of such a woik in a new country,
combined to produce this delay. The facts re-
turned by the local officers have since been class-
ified and arranged in this Department. The most
prominent of these may be briefly stated as fol-
lows:
Census of Minnesota, September 21, 1857.
White males  87.395
White females ........... 62/325
Coloicd males      144
Colored females  128
Aggregate population 130,082
Number of families  32,53$
Native voters    26,737
Naturalized voteis 22,393
The digest of the statistics of manufactures,
according to the returns of the seventh census,
which Congress at the last session directed to be
completed, is in a state of forwardness, and the
same will be communicated to Congress at an
early day. Care has been taken to employ upon
it those who, from previous experience, were
conversant with the subject, and accustomed to
the duties which the peculiar character of the
work required; and it is believed that the results
shown will not only prove highly interesting in
themselves, but will also tend to facilitate future
investigations in reference to this branch of sta-
tistics. The results, thus far ascertained, are as
follows:
Manufactures of the United States—1850.
Capital  $500,000,000
Coat of labor and raw mateiial  770.000,000
Value of pioducts  1,1)00,000,000
JUDICIARY.
The experience of the past year leads me again
to recommend the amendment of the laws regula-
ting the compensation of the United States district
attorneys, marshals, and clerks of courts, in order
to render the important branch of the service with
which they are connected moic harmonious and
efficient.
Modifications in other respects could likewise
be made with great advantage, but as they were
so fully indicated in my last report, I deem it only
necessary, on this occasion, to refer thereto.
Notwithstanding the steady growth of the
country, and the consequent regular increase of
business m the courts, the expenses of the judi-
ciary for the last year were somewhat less than
they had previously been, and a considerable bal-
ance of the appropriation for this object remained
unexpended on the 30th Juno last. Yet, owing
to the contingent nature of many of the accounts
chargeable to this fund, I have not deemed it wise
to reduce the estimate for the next fiscal year.
Dut if, by the piactice of proper economy, the
expenses of the present year should not exceed
those of the last, and it is hoped they will not, it
is respectfully suggested that the Departmentbe
authorized to apply so much of the unexpended
balance as may remain on hand at the close of
the year as may be necessary to the purchase of
the building leased by it, in the city of New York,
for court purposes. At present, we are paying
for the use of this building $16,000 per annum,
with the privilege ofbuying it, withinthreo years,
for the sum of $215,000.
For many years the United States courts for
the southern district of New York were held in
•the City Hall belonging to the city ofNew York,
and rooms procured in different parts of the city
for the use of the judges and other officers, at an
aggregate annual rent of from $12,GOO to $22,500.
During the last year the city authorities notify
