8-2
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 2,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
the Department that it must obtain other accom-
modations, and thereupon'immediate steps were
taken by it to that end. After the most careful
examination of the various buildings offered for
our use, that known as Burton's Theater, on
Chambers street, was selected as the most eligi-
ble; and with the advice of the judges, district
attorney,and marshal,it was leased forfive years,
f[ with the privilege of retaining it ten years longer,
K if desired, at the rate already mentioned. Such
changes have been made as were ncccssary to
adapt the building to our purposes, involving an
additional expense of about twenty-five thousand
dollars, including cost of furniture.
In this great commercial metropolis a vast and
constantly increasing amount of business must
continue to be brought before the United States
courts for adjudication; and if in any portion of
the country it be expedient for tVe Government
to erect or purchase a building for the accommo-
dation of its courts, it is eminently proper for it
to do so at that point. The district court con-
tinues! in session, with alight interruptions, during
the entire year, and the circuit court quite one
third of it, and the cases in each involve varied
and extensive interests. The building leased is
. of sufficient size to accommodate both, with all
- their officers, and it is well located and of easy
access to those having business therewith.
In this connection it may be stated that the
purchase, contemplated in the act of 4th May last,
of the "Masonic Temple," in the city of Boston,
for the use of the United States courts for the
district of Massachusetts, has been completed,
and the building thus secured, when properly fit-
ted up, will, it is believed, afford ample accom-
modations of the most satisfactory ehai actor. The
property is well located, and it has been procured
at a fair price.
patent office.
The operations of the Patent Oflicc furnish the
most gratifying proofs of our pi ogress as a peo-
ple in all the useful aits of civilized life. The
rewards which genius here secures, revive the
hearts and [strengthen the resolution of the in-
ventors of our country, who have already accom-
plished so much for its reputation and prosperity.
I'lie ability, industry, and efficiency with which
the complicated duties of this office have been met
and disposed of, deserve your favorable consid-
eration. Although the business is exceedingly
heavy, yet I have heard no complaint of delay in
its dispatch.
The commercial revulsion of 1857 was severely
felt in the operations of this bureau, especially
during the last quarter of that and the first quar-
ter of the current year. A reaction, however,
soon followed and the records now show a healthy
and prosperous condition of affairs.
The income of the office for the three quarters
ending September 30, 1858, was #150,983 9J. Its
expenditures dm ing the same period amounted to
$144,433 47, showing a surplus of revenue over
expenditure of $6,550 44 against an excess of ex-
penditure over the receipts of $2,5$2(> 07 for the
corresponding quarters of 1857.
From the Istof January to the 30th of Septem-
ber, 1858, four thousand and ninety-one applica-
tions for patents were received, and six hundred
and ninety-six caveats filed, against four thou-
sand and ninety-five applications for patents, and
eight hundred and twenty caveats, for the corre-
sponding quuiteis of last year. During the same
period, two thousand eight hundred and sixteen
patents were issued, fifteen extensions of old pat-
ents granted, and twelve hundred and fifty-six
applications rejected.
Certain changes and modifications of the laws
regulating the administration of this buieau were
recommended to the favorable consideration of
Congress in my last annual report. The experi-
ence of another year has strengthened the con-
viction then expressed, that the efficiency of the
service requires that the modifications then sug-
gested, or something equivalent thereto, should
be adopted. Indeed, I am prepared to go further,
and recommend the establishment of a board of
appeal, in addition to the present force of the office.
The establishment of such a board would re-
store to their respective classes the three exam-
iners, now almost exclusively engaged in hearing
appeals. Atpresent, the overwhelming pressure
of the business of the office compcls the exam-
iners to dispose of eases hurriedly and unsatis-
factorily, if not superficially. With the proposed
addition to the examining corps, a thorough scru-
tiny of the claims to novelty which every appli-
cation presents—a scrutiny demanded alike by
the interests of the inventor and of the public—
will be secured.
A very slight but just modification of the ex-
isting tariff of fees would enable the office to sus-
tain itself, notwithstanding the increased expendi-
ture which the proposed change in its personnel
would involve. The policy of keeping the ex-
penditures of the bureau within its revenues is
approved, and has heretofore been rigidlymain-
tained; and for this reason greater confidence is
felt in an appeal to Congress for liberal and favor-
able legislation in its behalf.
The subject of agriculture appears to occupy an
increased share of public attention, and every new
fact in relation to the productions of the earth is
received with favor by the country. Theagiicul-
tural division of the Patent Office may justly claim
that it has contributed more than any otheragen-
cy in exciting the interest thus manifested. By
means of the appropriations made from year to
year " for the collection of agricultural statistics,
investigations forpromoting agricultural and rural
economy, and the procurement and distribution
of cuttings and seeds," great material advance-
ment has already been effected; and, though much
remains to be done, the advantage to the country
from these expenditures cannot be too highly es-
timated. A few years ago science had done com-
paratively little for the farmer; the modes of cul-
tivation were careless and without system; the
component elements of the soil a^id of many val-
uable fertilizers were not understood, and costly
manures were generally applied without knowl-
edge, and often without benefit; and improve-
ments by means of the introduction of superior
seeds and cuttings were dependent upon the feeble
and variable exertion of individual enterprise.
it was then that the Patent Office, m obedience
to the expressed wishes of the national Legisla-
ture, entered upon the execution of its utilitarian
plans, including investigations into the character
of soils, the peculiai nies of different climates, and
the collection of accurate information in regard to
the suitableness of the several divisions of the
country for the propagation of desirable plants
and animals. A great mass of facts has been col-
leeied, collated, published, and scattered broad-
cast among the people, together with improved
seeds and new plants, and directions as to the best
modes of cultivation. The public attention has
thus been awakened and arrested; agricultural
societies have sprung into existence in every State,
and almost every county over the whole country;
men of science have been induced to lecture upon
agriculture and its kindred subjects, and thus shed
a flood of light upon all the processes of nature
m the vegetable productions of the earth and the
economy of animal life; public fairs have been
encouraged, and competition in every branch of
agricultural industry fostered by awards of pre-
miums to the most successful; newspapers and
magazines devoted toagricultuieinaUits branches
have been established, and seeds have become an
article of merchandise in almost every village; and
professorships in ourcollegcs have been instituted
with the view of impressing upon the young stu-
dent the advantages of scientific knowledge m its
application to production.
Among the primary advantages of this official
agency may be enumerated uniformity of method,
concurrence of action, and the communication of
results to a common center for comparison and
elaboration and subsequent judicious publication.
Although it may be admitted that experiments
have been made, and seeds distributed, which
have proved of little profit, yet, m a country pos-
sessed of so great a variety of soil and climate,
it was wise to essay the propagation of every
plant affording any hope of usefulness, especially
as each success would more than compensate for
all the cost and trouble attending many instances
of failure. A few examples of this character,
may, with propriety, be here cited. The appar-
ently waning sugar culture of the United States
has been reinvigorated by the introduction of
rattoons of new varieties from Demarara and
Caracas. The success attending the culture of the
Chinese sugar-cane in the southern, middle, and
western States, has been greatly augmented, fully
equaling all that was anticipated from it. It is be-
lieved that not less than a hundred thousand acres
have this year been devoted to its culture,for syrup-
making, and forage for stock, for both which
purposes it is generally, if not universally, pro-
nounced admirably adapted. Of the cereals, the
different varieties of wheat and barley, intro-
! ducedfrom regions adjacent to the Mediterranean,
and from Fiance, are highly appreciated by intel-
ligent farmers. The chufa, which was obtained
from Spain, and extensively distributed, has been
successfully cultivated, it is believed, in every
State in the Union. From the recent analysis of
this tuber, as well as from the testimony of many
cultivators, the belief is warranted that it will
prove of great value. The coik oak, also intro-
' duced from Spain, has found so much favor that
; | a large supply of acorns has been ordered. ^
■i In conformity with plans for promoting the cu!-*
11 ture of the grape and the manufacture of wine, an
i i effort is in progress to collect the indigenous vines,
! j and, after a series of experiments, to induce the
cultivation of the more approved varieties in their
appropriate localities.
It is believed that the effort now making to ob-
tain information in regard to the several varieties
of the tea plant, the soils and climates best adapted
to their growth,and the methods pursued in their
culture and subsequent preparation for commerce
and consumption, is the most earnest, and likely
to prove the most decisive, that has ever been
made in this country orin Europe; and it is hoped
that before the expiration of another year, a de-
gree of progress will have been attained in this
enterprise upon which to base an intelligent opin-
ion respecting its ultimate success. In view of
the facts that the importation of the grape and its
products, raisins, wine, and brandy, as shown in
the average of four years, ending with 1857, in-
volves an annual expenditure of $6,718,235, and
of tea, of §G,002,984; and that the domestic pro-
duction, by insuring unadulterated and cheaper
commodities m commerce, will increase the con-
sumption, it will not bethought that too much at-
tention is given to these subjects.
The entomologist m this branch of the service
has been stationed in the region of the St. John's
river, Florida, where he is occupied in investi-
gations relative to the insects infesting the orange
tree and cotton plant, in the hope of devising
means to destroy them, or prevent the injuries
they inflict; and in noting all the accidents and
diseases to which this tree and plant are liable,
and endeavoring to ascertain the causes thereof
and the most efficient preventives and remedies.
The result of the researches of the chemists
during the past year are recorded in the report on
agriculture for 1857. These persons have been
employed during the present year in analyzing
the ash of the tobacco plants and their soils, as
found in Massachusetts, Maryland, Kentucky,
Florida, and the Island of Cuba. A chemical
examination has also been ordered to ascertain
the composition of the soils of East Florida,
peculiarly adapted to the growth of sea island
cotton.
In presenting these as a portion of the objects
to which the liberal grants made by Congress for
the advancement of agriculture have been appro-
priated, I would remark that, in view of the fact
that ours is emphatically a country of cheap lands,
wheieeveiy citizen so inclined may easily become
a landed proprietor, and that so large a propor-
tion of the people arc devoting themselves to the
cultivation of the soil, it cannot be considered that
the Government has acted prodigally or unwisely
in attempting in its legislation to elevate agricul-
ture, so essential to our wealth and prosperity as
a nation, at least to an equality with other pur-
suits.
In closing this report, I take pleasure in com-
mending to your favorable notice, the fidelity and
j promptness with which the officers connected with
the Department of the Interior have discharged
their respective duties.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, J. THOMPSON,
Secretary of the Interior.
The President of the United States.
