tja6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28.
of importance; and dissenting-from the majority
of the committee, on some of those questions, I
have been waiting an opportunity when I could
do so without standing in the way of other, and
perhaps more pressing, business of the Senate, to
present my own views upon them.
I have reference to those questions presented in
the report of the Committee on Foreign Relations
in reference to the arrest of William Walker by
Commodore Paulding, and klso to review perhaps
at some length the instructions and orders of the
Executive Departments to our squadron at dif-
ferent times in the Gulf of Mexico; and, if the
time will admit, to give my views upon the bill au-
thorizing the Presideritof the United States to sus-
pend our neutrality laws.. To-morrow is assigned,
and very properly assigned, for the consideration
of the business concerning the District of Colum-
bia. I fear if I have not"an opportunity to ad-
dress the "Senate upon these questions until Mon-
day, when the debate will probably open upon
the Cuba question, 1 shall not have that oppor-
tunity at all. My suggestion is, which 1 trust will
be accorded to me, that I may be allowed to call
up these questions that 1 may present itiy views
upon them at this time.
As no vote is to be taken, I wish to be under-
stood, so far as I am personally concerned, that
it will impose no obligation upon any Senator—
1 trust they will not so regard it—to remain here,
as a matter of courtesy, on my account. Behev-
-ing that 1 shall have no other opportunity to ex-
press my views on these questions, than at the
present time; and as it is perfectly agreeable to
me to do so, I trust that privilege will be accorded
to me; and if it be accorded to ine, I hope 1 shall
not be required to say that I shall at least endea-
vor not to abuse the courtesy or the patience of
the Senate. At to the gallery audience, the
smaller it is, the more agreeable it is to me al-
ways, when 1 have occasion to addiesy the Sen-
ate.
Mr. BROWN. I do not think it fair to inflict
that sort of cruelty on the Senator. The Senator
from Vermont is very kind in proposing to ad-
dress the Senate at this time; but all of us know
that nobody is iroing to sit here to listen to a reg-
* ular spcech. There are very few Senators m the
Chamber, and there will be still fewer after a little
while. Certainly upon some occasion in the early
partof next week, the Senator from Vermontean
either, m order or out of order,give us his views,
when the Senate will be veiy glad to hoar them.
I should like to hear his opinions; but I cannot ait
here after five o'clock, and it is now past that
hour.
Mr. FOOT. I have been a member of one or
the other House of Congress for the last, fifteen
yeas, and I have never in my life made a speech
upon one question when the Senate or House of
Representatives were considering another. I
never speak but to the question, so far foith as 1
am able to do it. that is uiidei consideuiuon.
Mr. HALE. 1 leally hope that the Senator
will not insist on this request. 1 shall eeitnmly
* vote to give hnn every courtesy he asks, and I
will say, without flattering him, that there are
very few men who Speak m the Senate to whom
] listen with more pleasure and profit than to
him. I think it would be but a proper courtesy
to give the Senator the floor on Monday morn-
ing, and I woqld rather do it. 1 want to hear the
Senator.
Mr. BROWN. So do I.
Mr. DAVIS. What does the Senator desire?
Mr. FOOT. My dtsire is, to present my views
to the Senate on these questions at pome favotablo
opportunity} when 1 shall not be standing in the
way of the considi ration of other and perhaps
more practical buxintss questions bfforc the Sen-
ate-; and it is as agreeable to me to proceed and
make my r< marks to-night, as at any other time.
Mr. DAVIS. I shall certainly be m favor of
the Senator's proce< ding on Monday, if he pre-
fers that.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator will take
such tune as &uits lum.
Mr. FOOT. Upon the suggestion of Senators
around me, if I can have the assmance that 1 may
be heard on Monday morning on these, questions,
I shall not insist upon speaking now. Senators
are aware, meanwhile, that the bill for facilitating
the acquisition of Cuba is assigned as the special
order for Monday morning, and the general ex-
pectation is that that debate will be opened at that
time-. I expect to participate somewhat in that
debate when it shall be before us.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the Senator will take
such time as suits himself.
Mr. FOOT. I move, then, to take up joint tes-
olution No. 7, and the several cognate questions,
which are all connected, which have stood at the
head of the special orders for all this session, and
make them the special order for Monday at half
past twelve o'clock.
Mr. PUGIi. I want to hear the Senator then,
and shall vote to give him the floor, with all my
heart; but 1 do not want any general discussion
on that subject. I do it from my regard for the
Senator, as I want to hear him; but 1 do not want
the Paulding matter to lead to another discussion.
I will promise to vote to give the Senator the
floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to make a sin-
gle observation. This subject-matter stands at
the head of the*special orders, and will come up
regularly, on Monday, at one o'clock.
"There may be other gentlemen who may desire
to be heard upon the question, besides thehonor-
able Senator from Vermont; and then, of course*
it will be the pleasure of the Senate to determine
whether they shall be heard also. I move that
the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. FOOT. Will the Senator withdraw it for
a moment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir.
Mr. FOOT. I will modify my motion; and
move that the subject be taken up and left as the
unfinished business. [" TluU is best."] I move
that it be taken up for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. No. 7) directing
the presentation of a medal toCommodote Hiram
Pauldmg; the bill (8. No. 85) supplementary ^to
I the act entitled " An act in addition to the act for
tin: punishuK nt of certain crimes against the Uni-
ted States, and to repeal certain acts-therein men-
tioned,"approved April 20, 1SIH; the resolutions
reported by Air. Mason", from the Committee on
Foieijjn Relations, in regard to the seizure of Wil-
liam Walker; and Mr. Sli-dell's amendment to
those resolutions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These subjects
are now belore the Senate.
Mr. FOOT. On these questions, I understand,
I have the floor. I give way for a motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 23, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. F. X. JL>oyi e.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE-
A message was received from the Senate by
Asbuiiy Dicmns,us Secretary, returning to the
House of Representatives the bill (S. No. 144)
for i he relief of the le<ral representatives of Charles
G. Kidgely, of the United States iNavy.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolh d Bills, reported as truly enrolled, an act (H.
R. No. 801) to fix and regulate the compensation
of rrceivers and registers of the lynd oilices
under the provisions of the act approved April
20, ISIS; when the Speaker signed the same.
REPORT FROM A COMMITTEE.
Mr. WASE-IEUR.NE, of Illinois, by unani-
. mous consent, fu m the Committee on Commerce,
made a report to j^vomp'iny the bill, heretofore
referred to that coimmuee, the. better to secure
the lives of pasen^eis on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, and for other
putpuses; which was ordered to be printed.
RECEIPTS OF THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced the following resolution; which
j was read, considered, and agreed to:
j Resolved3 That the Secretaiy of the Treasury is hereby
requested to inform,this House, at the earliest practicable
period, the actual and pro'babie receipts liora the customs,
the public lands, ami other souice«, for this and the next
fiscal year; and whether, m his opinion, said receipts will
-be adequate to meet the public exigencies.
JUDGE THOMAS IRWIN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I now ask leave of the House
to make the report from the Committee on the
Judiciary which I desired to make yesterday
evening. It will occupy but a moment.
No objection being made,
Mr. HqUSTON, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, made the following report:
Resolved, That the chairman of this committee report
that, id pursuance of the oider of the House, the committee
have been engaged in the investigation (if the charges hereto-
fore prefeircd auainst Tuomao Jrwin, district judge of the
western district of reiinsyivania; and that, pending said in-
vestigation, they had satisfactory evidence bcfoie them that
the said judye had.tbiadav, rc^igneij his said office, and that
the committee now ask the fuither dneetiou of the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. As the judge has
resigned, I move that thecotfnnittee be discharged
from the further consideration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOUSTON.1 There is one other point
connected with this inquiry, which I wish to call
to the attention of the House. The papers and
testimony befoie the Judicial y Committee should
be disposed of it some way or other; ancM pre-
sume the House will extend the order so as to
permit the papeis to be withdrawn if the parties
choose to do so. The evidence paving been taken
on one side only, it is not proper, in my view of
the case, to have that evidence printed.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that all the parties
in interest have leave to withdraw their papers.
Mr. LETCHER. I hope not. As these pro-
I ceedings have been instituted and gone so far, I
hope the papers will be published, and let the
country &ce what the facts aie.
The SPEAKER. When the papers are re-
ported by the Committee on the Judiciary, they
will go on the files of the House, and will not bo
printed unless the House so Older it.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then, uyder the order of
the House, I will file the papers with the Clerk.
Mr. PHILLIPS. And I will jyithdraw my
motion.
The committee was accordingly discharged;
and the papers laid on the table.
CAPTAIN STEWART.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's ta-
ble the Senate bill in relation to the rank of Com-
modore Stewart, for reference to the Committee
on Naval AfTaiis.
Mr. LETCHER. I object.
TERRITORY OF DACOTAH.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask the
unanimous consent of the House to permit me to
report three bills, of winch pievious notice has
been given, in order that they may he referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and printed, so as to be ready for exam-
I ination by members.
Mr. DEAN. I would like to know what they
are'
The hill to provide a temporary Government
for the Territory of Dncotah, was read a first and
second tune.
Mr. JONE^, of Tennessee. Is that a report?
Mr, STEPHENS, of Georgia. It is simply a
bill of which previous notice has been given.
Mr. JONKS, of Tennessee. For my own part,
I do hot want these territorial governments or-
l ganized
|' Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I want to have
j, the bills printed; so that if we reach territorial
j[ business, as I hope we will, members can have
•i an opportunity of examining them,
h Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is there an under-
' j standing now that these bills are not to be brought
:: into the House by a reconsideration ?
i! Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Most undoubt-
H cdly.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. They are to go
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and be acted on regularly ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. They are; and
to satisfy the gentleman on that point I will, if
. he desires, move to reconsider the vote, by which
|j the bills will be referred to the Committee of the
