36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 30,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office. Senate & Ho. of Reps.
GRADUATION ENTRIES.
Under the provisions of the act of 3d March,
1857, nearly all the entries made, prior to that
date, under the graduation act of August 4, 1854,
liave been confirmed and patented.
In regard to graduation entries, subsequent to
the passage of the act of 3d March, 1857, not-
withstanding printed instructions were sent to the
'^registers and receivers to notify the' purchasers,
at the time of making them, that proof of actual
settlement and cultivation would be required with-
in one year from the date of entry to entitle them
to patents, in but a very limited number of cases
has the proof been produced, leaving the mass of
said entries on our files, mixed up with the regu-
lar cash sales, at the ordinary minimum, necessa-
rily causing great delay in ihe issue of patents for
the latter, class of entries, without a departure
from the present system of issue in numerical and
chronological order.
To obviate this difficulty, and free the office
from embarrassment in its cui rent operations, this
class of entries hqs been filed for patenting, with
the series of ordinary cash sales, and the patents,
in accordance with the rccommendatipn submit-
ted to and sanctioned by you, will bo transmitted
to the proper local offices to be delivered to the re-
spective purchasers, upon the production of the
required proof of actual settlement and cultivation,
and the surrender of the duplicate receipt—pub-
lic notice to be given by the registers that unless
said proof shall be furnished within twelve months
after said notice, the patents will be leturned to
this office for cancellation, and the land again
thrown into market.
By the adoption of this rule, the cunont busi- ;
ness of the office will be greatly facilitated, while I
at the same time a spirit of liberality if: exercised ;
towards the purchasers by giving them a fi,-,ul op- :
portunity to establish their"claims. j
The operations, under this act, continue to be !
very heavy, and to clear this office from future;
embarrassments, and prevent frauds, will require i
further legislative interposition. ;
From the passage of the act, August 4, 1854, !
up to the close of the fiscal year, ending J urn* 30, I
1858, JS,08J ,435.34 acres ha'vo boon sold «t tho j
various graduated rates. Of these, 10,(HW, 1^0.25 |
acres were sold at the lowest pi ire of twelve and J
a half cents per acre. And, of the whole quan- !
tity, about(>,457,421 acres, or mot e than one third,
were sold in the State of Missouri.
We have reason to believe that,a very consul- !
erabie portion, if not the greater portion, of the |
entries for settlement and cultivation have been ;
made by unscrupulous indhiduals m contraven-
tion of the law, and bought up by speculators, ;
who are relying oti Congress for the confirmation 1
of their entiies, by the passage of an act similar ;
to the act of 3d March, 1857, dispensing with ;
the proof of settlement and cultivation.
To free the act fiom the odium of evasion and ;
fraud, and to confine its wise and beneficent pro- :
visions to the exclusive benefit of the actual settler
and cultivator of the soil, I would recommend that ;
it be so amended as to requite the settlement and i
cultivation to be made, and proof of that fact pro- ;
ducod, in every instance, before the entry of the !
laud is consummated, the same as required under i
the preemption act of 1841, else that the rondi- j
tion of settlement and cultivation be waived alto- '
gethcr. |
The graduation law was never designed to in- .
terfere with the regular sales, under the general :
laws, but merely to lower the price of the lands '
to actual sett It* is and cultivatoi s; and its opeiation ;
should be confined, as far as practicable, to that I
class of persons, and, m my opinion, this can j
only be done by legislative action as above sug- |
gested. t
The recommendation, in the last annual report, '
is renewed, that further legislation be had to re-!
strict the compensation commissions of registers J
ana receivers, under the act of April 20., 181W, to i
a quarteily pro rata allowance of the maximum of j
$2,500 per annum, their compensation both for :
salary and commission, to commence and be cal- j
culated from the time they enter upon the dis- 1
charge of their duties. i
For more detailed views upon this subject j-ef- j
erence is made to the last annual report from this i
Office.
The accounting duties of this office have been
materially increased under the several acts of
Congress, granting compensation to registers and
receivers for locating military bounty land war-
rants, and for lands sold at the several graduated
rates—the same as if sold at #1 25 per acre; and
by the issue of bounty land scrip, receivable as
money in paymentof public lands, involving very
patient and laborious investigations in the adjust-
ment of these accounts. These duties have been ,
faithfully performed. The postings of the sales !
and locations, though unusually heavy, have been ;
brought up to a recent period, and the accounts j
of the receivers and disbursing agents, adjusted (
to the latest dates practicable; and it is believed ;
that every dollar of the large sums received for
lands will be promptly paid into tho Treasury, j
The preemption privilege winch had its meep- j
tion more than half a century ago, and until after I
the lapse of forty years had only a retrospective !
effect, finally resulted in the policy which is do- i
veloped in the preemption act of 1841. In the !
progress of legislation, extending this law from j
old to new Slates and Territories, a want of uni-
formity has arisen which is properly the subject ;
of amendment. In some instances the law gives :
the right of filing a declaratory statement within i
three monthsfrom thedate of settlement. Others !
from surveys in the field, statutory provisions in
the former being held by executive construction
to relate in regard to limitation to three months
from the date of the approval of the pi U of sur-
1 vey. That rule should be made of universal ap- j
plication. |
The act of 1854 also, which extends the act of ;
1841 to Kansas and Nebraska, should be so mod-
ified that two or more settlers, on the same quai tor
section, should each be permitted to take the legal •
i subdivision ernbiuemg his actual residence, and '
i make up his quantum upon contiguous lands.
| It was heretofoie suggested that a limitation
| should ho prescribed m lespect to the period of
| payment by settleis upon unoflered as well as i
j ollered lavds, wheteby the former should be re- ■
; quired to pay within twelve mouths from date
; of settlement; but, as this has not received the
j favorable action of Congress, the Dopaitment t
j does not further press the recommendation, but
j is hound to treat the present system, which ie-
I quires that public sales shall go on as rtreiun-
| stance# may suggest, as proper in view of the
, public interest, and that the time for such public
sales shall be the only limitation to the peiiod of I
payment by preemptors for who He red Iands# /
By the 11th section of the preemption act of';
1841, an appeal lay to the head of the Department ! i
direct from tho action of the local officcis, not
looking toau intermediate decision by thocommis- |
si oner. The tenth section of the act of 12th Jn ne,
1858, changed this by making the decision of the ,
commissioner final, unless an appeal was taken
to the Secretary of the Intenor. This has not!
materially diminished the labor incident to the
right of appeal. In order to effect this, and at the ,
same time give claimant* the right of review by i
the executive authority of last resort, and to put :
an end to controversy and settle tights, it is lee- \\
ommended that a law be enacted that the party ;
appealing shall do so within a limited time, and |
only then upon filing an affidavit stating that his 11
puipose is not for delay or vexation of hisoppo- 1
nent, and indicating specially the alleged error of |'
fact or of law. 1,
Tho " town-site" pteeinption act of 1844 has \\
been one involving great difficulty in its admims- ' j
(ration. i'
Under the ruling of the Department, "town- '
site" claimants are restricted to three hundrtd [
and twenty acres, although their improvements
may extend beyond that quantity. But if any,;
portion in legal subdivisions of a town claim is
not occupied by substantial improvements, that !;
portion cannot be lawfully cntcicd. !
The decision in substance is that every one of j
the smallest legal subdivisions must be occupied
and improved before it can be entered as a part i
of such a claim. In some instances towns have [
been incorporated with gieater limits than the
quantity the law allows to be preempted. The
authorities are consequently restricted to the lim- 
itation as to quantity which is stipulated in the '
!;tWj !*ml to so much as by actual legal suhdivis- '
ions is actually occupied for town purposes. The
excess is public land, and liable to disposal as
such.
If city or town improvements extend beyond
the legal subdivisions which may be entered
I under the act of 1844, those who have made
J tho outside improvements, and occupy them, are
I protected as against agricultural preemptors by
I the preemption law of 1841.
| The "mail orpost route" preemption privileges
: in virtue of provisions of the acts of 3d March,
• 1855, and 3d March, 1857, are held to extend only
i to the Temloiies west of.the Mississippi. An
| amendment in these provisions is suggested so as
j to allow each contractor the privilege of organ-
: izing stations with the exclusive use of the same
■ during the continuance of his contract, and no
j longer, the right to inure to his successor, the
, fee-simple to remain in the United States; such
i amendatory legislation to extend to all existing
j cases where the contractor, at the passage of the
new enactment, has not consummated a legal en-
1 try of the lands occupied as a station, nor" made
I his improvements thereon. In regard to pre-
emptions on the line of railroads, it is submitted
that there is no just ground for the existing legal
: inhibition to preemptions resting upon bona jide
\ settlements made upon the United States reserved
| sections after the final allotment. The rule which
. recognizes settlements made before such allotment
should therefore be enlarged so as to embrace
. those made after the final allotment and at any
time before the public sale.
1 The following land districts have been discon-
; tinued dunng the last year, viz: Vmcennes, in
i the State of Indiana; Palmyra, in the State of
' Missouri; and Mineral Point, m the State of Wis-
! cousin; and circulars have been addressed to the
officers of such other old districts as it is probable
the remaining lands are approaching to a point of
reduction below one hundred thousand acres, with
a view to their discontinuance.
, The three additional districts in California, cre-
ated by the act of29th March, 1858, have been put
m opeiation. The necessary instructions, record,
and other books and blank forms having been
furnished. The number of tiact books required
for those districts and opened in this office is one
hundred and eighty volumes. Of other records,
fifty-seven volumes, with thirty-nine volumes of
laws, and upwards of four hundred large pack-
ages of blank forms of various kinds have been
furnished.
Under the act of 11th May last, " to enlarge
the Detroit and Saginaw districts in Michigan,"
all necessary instructions have been issued and
the act can ied into etlect. Nine volumes of tract
books were required in which to post entries made
of lands m poitions of the old " Cheboygan dis-
trict," attached to the Detroit and Saginaw dis-
tricts. The volumes have been tiansmitted.
For the district of New Mexico, created by act
of 24th May last, two hundred and four volumes
of tract books are icquired, with nineteen volumes
of other recotds and thirteen volumes of laws;
these, together with the necessary instructions
and forms, have been dispatched.
No provision is made by existing laws for the
transfer from the surveyor gencial to the district
land officers, of the duties devolved upon the for-
mer in relation to donations in the territory, nor
has it been determined whether authority is given
to the President by existing laws to proclaim
lands at public sale in said territory.
The whole number of volumes of tract books
and other manuscript records in this office is
twelve thousand and seventeen. They are rapidly
increasing, together with the files of letters, land
warrants, patents returned from discontinued dis-
tricts, and vatious archives connected with the
public lands, so that they will soon require addi-
tional accommodations for their permanent pres-
ervation.
Some idea may be formed of the increase of
business in this office when it is stated, that in
the annual report of 2Gth November, 1851, it ap-
pears the number of manuscript volumes then m
the office was seven thousand three hundred and
eighty-three, which had accumulated in about
forty years, and that the present number shows,
in seven years, an increase of four thousand six
hundred and thirty-four volumes of records. Nei-
