1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
659
The report was read. It appears from, it that
the petitioner is the widow of Francis L. Bow-
man, formerly captain in the United States Army.
In September, 1856, whiie at Fort Simcoe, he
exhibited signs of insanity, when it was thought
expedient to convey him to the Dalles, under a
military escort. On the way he escaped from the
escort; and from the mangled condition of his
remains, when found, it was supposed that he
had been killed by wild beasts. Captain Bowman
had served in the Mexican war as major in the
second regiment of Pennsylvania volunteers,
where he contracted disease; which disease, it is
supposed, induced the insanity.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to amend
the bili by striking out the words " and during
her natural life." The general law giving pen-
sions to widows of oilicers and soldiers does not
allow the pensions to continue after the second
marriage.
Mr. "MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If I recol-
lect aright, the general law which was passed
here last session does nor contain the feature
which the gentleman from Tennessee speaks of.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that if the
gentleman from Kentucky will look at the pen-
sion certificates under that law, he will see that
they are issued during the widowhood.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I speak of
the law; not of the certificates.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think if the gen-
tleman will look at the law he will find that that
is the construction-which must be given to it.
M r. M ARSH ALL, of Kentucky. There is no
exception made in the law. The gentleman from
Tennessee will recollect that he called attention to
that point at the time the law was passed. I sug-
gest to the House that there is no propriety in
making an exception of this one case.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 do not so re-
gai d it.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I am in-
formed that the language of this bill is the exact
language of the law.
Mr. BUFFiNTON. For my part, I have no
objection to having these words struck out.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, I
have. I have sent for the law, and I will see if
tins is not exactly in the language of the law as
it now stands.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. This case does
not come under that law anyhow. The law pro-
vides a pension for the widows gf those who arc
killed or arc in the military service of the coun-
try m time of war, or who die of wounds received
or disease contracted while in the line of their
"jllr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Well, this
man was killed by wild beasts, and I am sure
that he had wounds enough. I am surprised at
the gentleman from Tennessee resisting a pension
except during widowhood. The law provides
that all those biuviving widows and minor chil-
dren who have been, or may be, granted and al-
lowed five years' half pay under the provisions
of any law or laws of the United States, shall be
granted a continuance of such half pay, under the
following terms and limitations: to such widows
during life. The construction which the gentle-
man from Tennessee puts upon that is—to such
widows during life provided they remain widows.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man this question. Suppose a widow, who is
pensioned under this law, subsequently marries
an unnaturalized foreigner who is engaged in a
war against this country: who gets the benefit
of the pension, the widow or the foreigner?
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Why, the
widow, I suppose. But the gentleman does not
put a supposable case. I do not believe any
widow of an American soldier would ever marry
an unnaturalized foreigner.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask the gentle-
man if there never has been such a case ?
The question being on Mr. Jones's amendment,
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for the yeas
and nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Goocil, and
Craig of Missouri, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 31, noes 91.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CURTIS. I ihink this bill can be so
amended as to make it satisfactory to every gen-
tleman. There is a provision of the general law,
wh>ch provides ,tliat, in case of the marriage of the
widow, the pension shall go to the children of
the deceased officer or soldier; and that being the
general law, i think that a similar proviso should
be attached to this bill. I suppose that the friends
of the bill are willing that it should be made to
conform to the general law passed last year.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well, Mr. Speaker,
this is an extraordinary case anyhow. It does
not come under any general law, and consequently,
you are making a case to suit the facts.
Mr. LEIDY. The evidence before the com-
mittee satisfactorily established the fact that the
disease of which' Captain Bowman died, or rather
the disease ^hich induced the calamity which led
to his death, was contracted while in service in
the Mexican war; and if so, the ease comes within
the general law allowing pensions to the widows
of officers and soldiers of that war.
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. I understand,
from one of the Representatives from the Slate of
Pennsylvania, that under the laws of that State',
this pension would go to the heirs in case of the
marriage of the widow, instead of to the husband.
That would be the case m our State, under the lo-
cal laws; and if that be the case, there is no need
of any amendment.
Mr. FLORENCE. They require evidence at
the Pension Office, which can hardly ever be fur-*-
nished. If they interpreted the laws, as they
ought to do, there would be no difficulty about
this case, but the Department, or bureau make
new laws by their fillings.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. CURTIS. I hope the gentleman will allow
the provision of the general law to be read. [
think a similar provision ought to be inserted ill
this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let it be
read.
The Clerk read the provision of the law of last
year, as follows:
"Pfovilrd. Iiou-cver, That in ease of the man men or dentil
of am «mch widow, the hull pav shall go to the child oi chil-
dren of the deceased offieer oi soldier, winlft inidci Ihc aye
of MXfeun year-.; and in like niannej, the child oi elnl
dren of sneh decerwd odieei or i-oldiej, when thme n no
u idow, shall be paid 110 longer than while theie are chii-
dicn oi a child Oi the a<re alorcj-atd.35
Mr. CURTIS. I desire that an amendment
embracing that provision shall be inserted in this
bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I prefer the
bill as leported by the committee, without any
amendment; and 1 therefore insist on the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The question was taken on the amendment of
Mr. Jones, of Tennessee, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 88, nays 91; as follows:
YEAP — Andiew^, Atkins, Aveiy, T5ark-da)e,
Hi-hoji, Dh->. Hot (H'k, J t\an,'lhji neit, C.i-e. Ca-kic. Chap-
man, t'uijli. Joint C<n In a.u;, CoL-kei ill, Cu\. li in Ion Oi.uge,
('luvvtuid, <'nnj, iJ'ivni on, Davis of Maryland, Davi.s <>!
Mi--i--i[iph ]JaVi> of iow.i, Dininuck. Dodd, Douded, P.d-
ninnd-ou, Ihi«h>h, Faulkner, Fole\, G'arnett, Gait)eli.GHi-
dings-, Ctlmun, (Joode, Ciuetnvoml, Gie™, Ctoe&liock,
JIaiian, Hickman, Hopkins II- u-ion, Ihairhe*, Jackson,
Jenkm^, <Jeor«f',' W. Jono,(hven Jone>, Kd^oio Jacob M.
Knnkd. Lamar, L<-itci, .Letcher. McQueen, Mcliae. Mil-
lei, Million. Modip. MniK.ui, \jblaek, "Niehol-, Paikci.
Pendleton, lVyi<m, I'oule/lieaaan. llnllin, Sandutee, Sav-
ant', Scale'-:, Heott, Sowaid. Shorter, Singleton, S.unnci A.
Smith, William ^onth. Stallwoith, St< phent-, tiievcii-on,
Mile-; Tayloi .Trippc, rudei v. ood, YalJandi'rham. Waidron.
Watkin?, White. Wilson, Vwn&low, and John V. Wngbt
N4.Y3—-Mt1=MS.Abbotc,Adram,Ahl. A ridei-on, Pennon,
BiliindiiH-t, Durham, Bowie. Uiuyton. Dnilinfon, iUiilin-
jrume. John 15. Cinik, Claw-on. na\,Claik iJ. t'oehiane.
Colfax. Corrmi-*, (Jovode. Jame* Orae:, Cuiti-?. l>a\ i> ui I n
diaria, Davis of Ma^<aclni*ctt-. Daw ei. Dean. Dewart, l)ur-
lee, Eustis, Fen ion, Florence, Fo-roi, Gilmer, Cooeii,
Grow. Lawien'ee W. Hal!, Ilariis, Ihlh llo.nd, riod<ies,
llowaid, Ilujler. Jowort. Konn, ICnapp. Lnndv, Lnwu'nc1,
Loviov, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mai-hail, Matte-
son, Mawiaid, Mifes, Montgomery, Momll. Edward .!o\
Moms. Isaac K. Morin, Ficcman II Mor-e,Mott.Muiray,
Oliii, Palmer, Peitit, Pike, Potter, I'utviarice, liicaud, Rob-
bms, Roheif-?, Royce, Russell, Aaron Shaw. Robert Smith,
Spnmer, Stanton, Jamca A Stewart, William Stewart,
Talbot, Tappan, Thayer. Thompson, Tompkui=, Vance,
Wade, Walbudge, Waid,CadwaladerO^\Vai>hhurii,Elli)iu
13. Wa^hbmne. is-iaei Wa<hbmn. Woodson, Wortei.d}ke,
Augustus R. Wiight. and ZolheoiTut— 91.
9 So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
rejected; and also moved to lay (he motion tore
consider upon the table.
Mr."MORGAN,"demanded the yeas and nays;
and tellers on the yens and nays.
Tellers were ordered. - -  
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, withdrew
the motion.
Mr. MILES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was rejected.
'Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon thfr table.
Mr. MILES demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and n&ys were ordered. :
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Me^rs Abbott, Admin, Ahl, Anderson, Bennett,
Btilim'hurst, tSimrhnm, Howie, Brayton, Buffinton, BarJin-
game. Case, John B. Clark, dawson, Clay, Clark B, Coch-
rane, John Cochrane. Colfax. Coming, Covodo, Cox, Cragijj,
Curtis, Davis ot imiiana. Davis of Iowa. Dawes, Dean,
Dewair, Dick, Dimmielc. Duifee. Eusri^ Floiei'ce. Foster,
Gilh-i, Giimau, Gilmer, Gooeh, Grow. Lawrence \V. Hall,
Hums, Hawkins, FUU, Hoard'. Hopkm-', Howard, Huylor,
J.evveit, Keun, Kelaey, KUaoie, Knapp. Lundv, Lawience,
Leach, Lcuiy, Lovej< y, liumphrey Mauiiall. S.uhik'I S.
Mat*haILMatto<on, Maynatd. M<irnll. Ddwnid Jov.Moiri^,
Fieenian H. Moise, Motf, Muira\, Ohn, Palmer. I'eutt,
Phiilip-, Pike. Potter, Pur\ lanee.liicaud. Uobhins, Rohcri>,
Rou'e, Russell, Spimi'M, Stanton, Jaim^ A. Stewatt. ""J'al-
bot,Tapjmi/J'hayi'r,Tompkins, Vanoo. VVad^, VValbridso,
Walton, Ward, CadwaladerC. Wa-libuin, Elhhu B. Wa^li-
huine. Wood-on, Woitendyke, Au«u^tu^ R. Wrmhr, and
Znilu oir.-i—!)[!.
NAYS — Anrlrews^Atkin^, Avcy, Ran*. Bh«x,
Boeoi-k, Btnneit, Bum.i. Ca.-kie, Cobb, Cocke:i!l, nniroii
Ciaigc, Ciawlaid. ('nirv.' T)avid-o:i, D.^v^ o; Mi^.-i ->f>p,
]>! ihl, Dmvddl. J'Idmund-on, E'en'ii'-!i, FaulUnei, l-^olcy,
Gartrell, Greenwood, Hailan. Hiekmai). Houston.
Jack-on, Jeukin-. Gt«oig.; \\*. June--, jaceli M. Kuiucel,
J^atoar, Lcin i, Mi Clueen. M.^on, Mile-, Mtih,'-, Mnl-ou,
Mooie, Mot .in, Mibhck ]\Tiehi>!-, I'aiker. J'eytop J-eit'e,
l'oweli. Reagan, Ruftin. S.itniuijro. Seah'-. Sewnd. Homy
M. Sh.iw, Shortci, Sinakton, c-.unuej A. Sn>itii, William
Sim ili. Stall worth, Stepii'-iu , Sievi/n^on, Wniir.m Sf"v\ a:f,
Geoiye Ta\lor, i\Iile-. Tavlor, Tnppf, Undf rwood, Vallan-
durham, W.ddion, WatkiiH, While, WiIkmi, Window, and
John V. Wngbt—?J.
So the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider was agreed to.
The bill was oidercd to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Air. PjUFFINTON asked the previous ques-
tion upon the pn«Ka<?e of the hill.
'1 he previous question w;is seconded; and the
main qm slion oideivd to be put.
Mr. JONES, of Tenne^soc,, called for the yeas
and nays mi the [ii'ssap1 of the bili.
The yens and nays were not ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to lay the
! bill on the table.
I The motion was not agreed to.
j The bill wns pa«eed.
| Mr. BUFhTNTON moved to reconsider the
1 vote by which the hill was passed, and also moved
I to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
| The latter motion was' agreed to.
! ADVERSE REPORTS.
I Mr. CURTIS, from the Committee on Military
' AfTaiis, reported adversely upon the petitions of
! Jaiti'i? AI. Smith and D. 13. Hyam.
i The petitions were laid on the table, and the
| reports ordered to be printed. 4
\ Mr. CURTIS. I am directed by the Commit-
! toe on Military Affairs to report back the petition
I of Nathaniel Tompkins, of Massachusetts. The
i committee are of opinion that he can obtain relief
! und<T the general law-, and they therefore ask
! that it belaid on the table, a'nd the committee dis-
charged from the further consideration thereof
i The motion was agreed to.
OHIO VOLUSyEERS.
Mr. CURTIS. I am directed by the'Commit-
tee on Military Affairs to report a joint resolution
: directing the payment of certain Mexican volun-
teers.
j The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
: ond time. ^
i Mr. CURTIS. I ask that the joint resolution.
| may be put upon its passage.
I The joint resolution was read. It provides that
] the two companies commanded by Captain Small
1 and Captain Mott, mustered and sworn into set*-
1 vice in Ohio, in 1846, but not accepted, at Fort
i Washington, be declared to be companies included
|: in the joint resolution of Congress of August 8,
1846. *
ii Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I desire to ask the
