1858.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
35th Cong....2d Sess. Report of the Commissioner of the General Land, Office. Senate & Ho. or Reps.
thcr this nor the report of 1851 embraces the vol-
umes connected with thepubliclands, which have,
from time to time, been transmitted lo the various
district land offices scattered throughout the sev-
eral land States and territories, estimated at sev-
eral thousand volumes.
SURVEYS.
Michigan.—The rcsurveys, under contracts en-
tered into prior to the last annual report, and
amounting toaboutseven hundred and nine miles,
have been closed.
The transcripts of the field notes of the resur-
veys have been made, and are in process of prep-
aration for binding as a part of the permanent
archives of the Department.
The original surveying archives, properly ap-
pertaining to Michigan, were transferred to the
State authorities in May last, thus finally closing
the surveys and resurveys in that State.
Minnesota.—The surveys of the public lands
have been prosecuted with energy. The returns
during the year, ending June 30, 1853, show the
extension of upwatds of nine thousand miles, em-
bracing two million acres of agricultural lands,
independent of the survey of Indian reservations
under the treaties with the Chippewas of Lake
Superior and the Mississippi. Of these the
grand portage reservation, embracing 41,064.39
acres, was surveyed in August last.
The surveys have been rapidly extended in the
northwestern part of the State, reaching to the
valley of the Red River of the North, to meet the
demands of actual settlers attracted in that direc-
tion both by the fertility of the soil, and the facil-
ities suggested by the anticipated eventual exten-
sion of a North Pacific railroad, connecting the
valley of the Mississippi with that of the Red
River of the North.
In the region of country in the southwestern
part of the. State, extending from Big Stone lake
to the south boundary of Minnesota, and bounded
by her western limit, it is found necessary in or-
der to keep pace with the rapid settlements there,
that the surveys should be extended to the west-
ern boundary of the State, and to do this prop-
erly, it is indispensable that that portion of the
Minnesota western boundary line which has no
river or other natural feature to fix with certainty
its precise locus, be permanently established, so
that the lines of the public surveys can be closed
therein.
An estimate is therefore submitted for the per-
manent establishment of that portion, about one
hundred and thirty miles, of the western bound-
ary of Minnesota.
Wisconsin.—The field operations have been car-
ried on in the northern part of the State to the
extent allowed by the means provided, both east
and west of the fourth principal meridian, and
north of the third and fourth correction parallels.
The returns exhibit 4,900 miles of surveys, and
embrace 1,200,000 acres of land, including the
survey of the Apostle Islands, in Lake Superior.
The survey of those islands was executed by J.
Allen Barber, deputy surveyor, with unusual care
and trouble.
Ioum.—The surveys of township lines in this
State have been completed, and the sub-divisional
work has progressed to the extent allowed by the
appropriations for it.
The returns received during the year ending
30th September, 1858, cover 2,000 lineal miles of
surveys, embracing upwards of 000,000 acres of
lands
The unsurveyed lands in Iowa are situated in
the northwestern corner of the State and could be
finished during the fiscal year ending June 30,
1860, should demands for settlement exist, and
adequate funds be provided; but should this not
be found necessary, the scope of the surveying
operations will be of a limited extent, affording
an opportunity, and sufficient time, to the clerical
force engaged in the surveyor general's office at
Dubuque, Iowa, to bring up the office work and
keep pace with the field operations, (progressing
at a moderate rate,) and promising final comple-
tion within the fiscal year ending 30th June, 1861.
Illinois.—The surveys in this State having been
completed, the archives in the surveyor general's
office at St. Louis are ready for transmission to
the State authorities at Springfield, Illinois; but
no provision having yet been made by the State
; Legislature for the reception and safe-keeping of
the same, the documents are kept in the surveyor
general's office until the requisite law is enacted
by the Legislature, in conformity with the act of
! Congress, approved January 22, 1853.
Missouri.—The surveys of the public lands and
correction of erroneous and defective lines in for-
mer surveys have progressed slowly, mainly
attributable to the fact that the remaining Unsur-
veyed public lands are confined to the overflowed
region situate between St. Francis and the Mis-
sissippi—allowing a short surveying season for
! finishing the work. The actual returns of the
survey show but about 140 miles, embracing
! islands in rivers and agricultural lands in the sab-
merged region, amounting, in the aggregate, to
but 48,000 acres, 30,681.>23 of which inure to the
State, under the swamp-land grant, and the resi-
j due, being found fit for agricultural purposes, was
' paid for by the United States.
The closing of the surveys, undertaken in the
year 1857, in the overflowed region in the south-
eastern portion of this State having proved inoro
troublesome than was anticipated, owing to the
periodical rise of waters in the St. Francis and
; Mississippi rivers, the final closing of the work
j under contiact cannot be effected during the pres-
' ent fiscal year, and hence the archives of the sur-
i veyor general's office, appertaining to the State of |
; Missouri, will not be in readiness to be transferred J
i to the State authorities until the 30th June, 1860. |
j Jlrkansai.—Of all the surveys ordered in this ;
| State, there remains but a portion of township !
, two, south of range nine west, for the retracing i
! of which a contract was entered into on the 15th ]
I of February last. The surveyor general reports !
I that the reason for non-completion was the prev- j
; alcncc of excessive rains, and the overflowed con- i
, dition of the township. The extent of the re- !
' surveys during the last year was 237 miles, cm-
; bracing an area of 68,000 acres. Although the
: surveyor general reports the existence of certain
i unsuiveyedlandsm the overflowed portion of the
! northeastern,pai t of the State, on the St. Francis
[ river, and draws attention to applications for the
j rcsurveys of alleged fraudulent and erroneous
work of former years, I am of opinion that no
further surveys ought to be made, as they arc
generally attended with difficulties, and compli-
cate the evils sought to be avoided.
The original surveys of the public lands having
been finished years ago, and the resurveys carried
on to considerable extent, the time has arrived for
closing the field operations in that State and bring-
ing up the arrears of the office work, so that the
archives of that surveying district may be trans-
ferred to Lhe authorities of the State of Arkansas, j
under the acts of January 12, 1840, and January I
22,1853. _ I
To effect the closing of the surveyor general's !
office, which it 13 believed may be done within
the present fiscal year, steps will be taken by this j
office to have the records completed and trans- 1
(erred to the State authoiities. This proceeding
obviates the necessity for the usual funds to pay ;
the compensation to the surveyor general of Ark- ,
ansas, and to his clerks, for the next fiscal year; '
and, for this reason,no estimates have been sub- '
mitted for that purpose. !
Louisiana.—The returns of surveys and resur- !
veys in this State, during the year ending 30th |
September last, show 1,334 miles, covering un :
area of 1GG,000 acres.
The piogress of field operations lias been inter-
rupted by the early rise of waters, and continuing
during a great portion of the surveying season.
This, with the prevalence of disease, has retarded
theprogress of the work, and will defer the (dosing
of this surveying district to a later period than
was anticipated.
Among the most important surveys yet to be i
executed before closing the United States sur-
veyor general's office of Louisiana, is that of
township twelve, south of range eleven east, in
which the city of New Orleans is situated.
This subject lias been repeatedly brought to
our notice by surveyors general, but owing to
the difficulty occasioned by the obliteration of
surveys in the vicinity of the city, of numerous
private claims in conflict, it may require twenty
dollars per mije, or p|000 for the proper survey
of the whole township
The office work in the surveyor general's office
is being prosecuted as rapidly as possible, mth
the view to the completion of the land reCordlfto
be transferred to the State authorities.
Florida.—'The surveys in this State, on account
of the Seminole hostilities, since the year 1855,
have been suspended. Upon the removal of the
Indians from the peninsula to the country "as-
signed to them west of the Mississippi, United
, States deputies, whose surveying contracts were
1 incomplete prior to the outbreak of the Indian
depredations, have resumed their respective field
operations with the expectation of closing their
contracts by the 1st of May next. The survey-
ing sphere lies immediately northeast of Lake
Oke-chobee, and is to the extent of over three
thousand lineal miles.
While the field operations in Florida were sus-
pended, for the reasons alluded to, the work in
the office of the surveyor general in the prepara-
tion of the records of the public lands and private
claims for permanent preservation and delivery
to the authorities of the State of Florida, pro-
gressed with dispatch.
That business cannot be closed with due regard
j to the public interests, at asearlya period as was
; anticipated, owing to the protracted suspension
: of the field operations during two years past,and
to the fact that the country south of Caloosahat-
| chee river, hitherto considered as covered by
J swamps and everglades, and unfit for cultivation,
is found by actual rcconnoissance, during the op-
1 erations of the United States troops in pursuit of
the Indians, to contain large bodies of highlands,
: fit for agricultural purposes, and equal to any in
j the Statu for fertility.
I Further: The surveyor general brings to the
I attention of this office the fact that there are forty-
i eight private land claims in Florida, amounting to
1 G1,740 acres, which have never been located or
surveyed because of the vagueness of description,
and impracticability of ascertaining and fixing
their precise localities. He recommends that a
float be granted to each of these upon unsurveyed
lands, wherever they have been finally confirmed.
It would comport with past policy for Congress
to satisfy them, but with the restriction in location
to offered lands.
The survey of the keys, off the coast of Flor-
ida, has been continued, under the provisions of
the act of Congress approved 28th June, 1848, en-
titled "An act respecting certain surveys in the
State of Florida," through the instrumentality of
the Coast Survey office, under the direction of
Professor Bache, agreeably to instructions from
this office, dated 24th October, 1848. The returns
have been made of the various keys falling within
twenty-three townships, and embiac.ing about
27,000 acres of surface unfit for cultivation: some
of them, however, are adapted to the manufacture
of salt, are devoid of timber, and chiefly covered
with mangrove. The operations of the topograph-
ical parties commenced about twenty-four miles
noitiieast of Key West and extended to Key
Large, about fifty-four miles. For a more detailed
descnption of this work, reference is made to the
reports of the Superintendent of the Coast Sur-"
vey, lo this office, dated July 20, 1857, and Octo-
ber 13, 3 858, with the accompanying extracts
from the sub-reports from officers in charge of the
several surveying parties, which are herewith sub-
mitted.
Kansas anil Nebraska Surveying District.—The
returns of the public surveys m thir district,dur-
ing the year ending 30th September last, cover
twenty thousand miles of surveying, over seven
million acres.
The surveyor general reports the progress dur-
ing that period in the field opeiations as equal to
eighteen thousand miles, at the aggregate cost of
$98,000. This extent of the surveys, in addition
to that formerly reported, reaches a total in that
district of sixty thousand miles, covering fifteen,
million acres.
That officer further reports, in addition to the
quantity of fifteen million acres, that there will
be surveyed and returns made, by the 1st July,
1859, of about five million acres, now in progress
of survey. This will carry the surveys in that
district up to twenty millions acres.
In consideration of this large provision for the
demands of actual settlers, the estimate of the
