1858.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
prosecuted during the last year, without any hin-
derance by the Indians, with the exception of the
party under Deputy Surveyor Hunt, who, while
in the performance of his duty on Whidby's Isl-
and, was murdered by the savages: and the sur-
veyor general reports that two of the Indians,
through the instrumentality of the efficient agent
for the Puget Sound district, were arrested, and
are awaiting trial at the military station at Fort
Townsend.
The office work in the surveyorgeneral's office
is reported by him as having been kept up by his
efficient and industrious employes.
Oregon.—The surveying operations in this dis-
trict west of the Cascades arc nearly finished, and
might have been entirely completed had the In-
dian difficulties not intervened,pricesof labornot
been affected by the gold excitement, and had the
Department possessed adequate means for the
purpose. Upon the passage of the act of Con-
gress extending the surveying laws to the coun-
try lying east of the Cascades, the surveyors gen-
eral made the necessary arrangements for the sur-
vey of the base line across the Cascade mountains
from the point situate thirty-six miles east of the
intersection of the Willamette meridian with the
base, to a point on the eastern slope of these Ter-
ritories, with the view to the tunely surveying
operations in Wasco county, of which Dalles is
the county seat, and also in the settlements on
Umatilla, Walla-Walla, John Days, and the Des
Chates Valleys.
The returns of the surveys of the public lands
from Oregon during the last year, ending 30th
September, 1858, exhibit nearly fouiteen hundred
lineal miles, and embracing 350,000 acres. The
progress has been commensurate with the appro-
priations at the disposal of the surveyor general;
and whatever deficiency may appear in the field
operations as to their extent, when compared with
former ye^s, is more than compensated by the
office work in the surveyorgeneral's department,
former arrearages in records having been nearly
brought up.
The surveyor general reports that during the
last year one hundred and ninety settlers, under
the donation laws, have filed their final proofs,
and were disposed of by his acting thereon and
forwarding them to the registers of the respective
land districts in Oregon. Also, that of all the sur-
veys ordered by him and executed sincc his in-
cumbency, there remains the work of but two
deputies to be examined in the field, and that the
examiners of the surveys have invariably reported
the surveys faithfully executed.
It was formerly the practice to send advances
to the surveyoi general to pay clerks and draughts-
men in their several offices. This system lias boon
changed since 1st July, 1858, the present plan
being to make payment to them direct from the
Treasury withoutthe interposition of the surveyor
general.
In regard to the late geological operations m
Washington and Oregon, the department pos-
sesses no official data touching the services of the
geologist further than presented in the lastannual
report.
Statement of the surveying returns to this office from October
1,1857, fa September^0, \ H3#<&hou)in« tkenumbefof mile*
surveyed in the dijfeient States and Territories, uiid the
azgre^atc number of acrcs contained therein.
Itefrurvevs-
States and !~
Teintones. !
Original sur-
vey.
Original and
rc-ui vttys.
Number of
acici.
California....
3,070 70 -26
1.020.061.07
WeslungioM T
1,377 18 1
240,431 4-2
Oregon T 
3.918 40 40
319.8so.79
Flouda 
72 13 37
5.27 3.09
Kcui^ua T 
10,467 28 97
3,079.692 10
Minnesota 
-
9,155 6 76
2,053.7*2 19
Louisiana....
1,334 68 7
41.") 46 66
166.878.12
Nebraska T...
-
9.917 3 7 70
3.184.ool.20
-
2,025 18 46
619,450.52
Michigan 
709 48 26
368,323.91
Wisconsin....
_
4,930 44 09
1,270,761.10
Arkansas 
237 40 52
-
68,720.71
Missouri 
-
142 70 58
46,820.63
16 06 5j
_
New Mexico..
-
5.S95 77 86
830.743 69
Total 
2,298 6-1 40
19,383 50 80
13,821,182 14
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Titles derived from former Governments which
have been recognized by the United States pur-
suant to treaty stipulations.
The duties devolved upoft this office in connec-
tion with this branch of the service, demand in
their performance muclx care, with patient and
laborious investigation. The great mass of the
claims in California, which had their origin under
Spain and Mexico, have been finally acted upon
by the courts, and the surveys are progressing as
rapidly as the means at command and the nature
of the business will permit. The whole number
of surveys platted, approved, and returned, by
the surveyor general in that State, is ninety-two,
and patents have been issued on thirty-eight of
them. These claims aie scattered throughout
California, presenting every variety of form, vary-
ing in quantity from a "town lot" to " ran-
chos" of many thousand acres. It is made by
law the duty of the surveyor general to cause all
finally confirmed claims to be surveyed, and to re-
turn to this office a plat of survey duly approved
by him.
For his government in making those surveys,
instructions have been issued by this office at va-
rious times embodying as prominent points the
following: That the decree of confirmation must
govern, and where its terms are specific, (hey
must be sfnetly adhered to in locating: and sur-
veying the claims; that where the confirmation is
for a certain quantity within extended boundaries
embracing n surface greater (ban the area con-
firmed , the loco tion mu?t be taken within that yur-
face j in compact form, in accordance with the lines
of the public surveys, at the election of the con-
firmee as to the precise locality, and in such man-
ner, when practicable, as not to interfere with
other claiitm.
Wheie Huch intei fe: encc is inevitable, the con-
flict is to be .settled c«ce/H<hr,^ to the principles
prerionbcd in the sixth section of the act of' 3d
Maich, ]831, creating the office of surveyor gen-
eral of Louisiana, a* extended to California by the
thirteenth section of the act of 3d March, 1851, for
the settlement of puvafe land claims in that State.
In case the confirmee has sold a part of his
claim, the portion sold is to be treated as an elec-
tion on the part of the confirmee to the extent and
of the locality embraced by such sale.
When the approved plat of final survey is re-
turned to this office, it undergoes a critical exam-
ination in regard to its conformity in location and
survey w ith the decree of confirmation, as well as
to test the accuracy of the work. In deciding
upon the locality, it is often necessary to lecur to
the original Spanish or Mexican grant and map,
(diseiint) reference being made to them m the final
decioe. The defects in these old title papers aie,
generaliv, want of specific calls and description
in the grants and in the maps. In fact, th'Te is
the absence of almost everything that lenders a
map useful.
These disenos are generally rude sketches, not
bashed upon survey, without accuracy, even as to
the relative position of the piomment natural fea-
tures of the locality, and without indicating a
single course or distance. Hence arise grounds
for contention among claimants, disputes and diffi-
culties between them and the settlers, devolving
upon tins office concentrated difficulties for solu-
tion and adjustment. When this is done by the
rendition of our decision, a considerable amount
of labor is still required to carry the claims into
grant. Some idea of this may be formed, when
it is stated that each patent, on parchment, con-
tains a full transcript of the whole survey, ex-
tending m the larger claims to hundreds of courses
and distances, and accompanied by a transcript of
the approved plat, the whole to be committed to
record. Thirty-four of these grants have been
issued within the past j^ear, embracing in the ag-
gregate 540,577 acres, covering, exclusive of the
plat's, four hundred and eighty-two large folio
pages of recoid, being an average of over fourteen
pages for each grant,
in where there are numerous urban
and rural grants from Spam and Mexico, and
where, as m California, the precious metals
abound, no means have yet been prescribed by
law for theiradjustment. As the Territory-
rises in importance in the social and political
scale, her landed interests necessarily become en-
hanced in value, as they have been, very materi-
ally, since the transfer of the Territory to the
United States. It is therefore important, to zni&t
the expectations of our citizens, that prompt legis-
lative action should be had, looking to a speedy,
just, and final settlement of ancient titles in that
region.
Independently of the considerations suggested,
it is a measure indispensable to the separation of
public from private property, so that the United
States, as an immense landholder there, may be
able to dispose of the soil without interference
with private rights. We have a multitude of con-
firmed ancient titles, of Spanish, French, and Brit-
ish origin, falling within the limits of the States of
Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, and Arkansas,
which were carved out of the Louisiana ccssion
of 1803, and also extensive grants in Florida. In
addition to these, we have ancient settlement
claims in the lower peninsula of Michigan—and
' Indiana, at the old Yincennes post—in Illinois,
! such as Kaskaskia, Peoria, and other French set-
j dements—and in Wisconsin, at Prairie du Chien
; and Green Bay. These are coming up from time
to time, either to obtain grants, or as the subject
of inquiry to ascertain the source and natnre of
title, for the information of parties concerned or
contesting. These require great research and pa-
tientexamination, in order to discharge the duties
required of the General Government in regard to
them.
In respect to Indian reservations, this office is
prepared toanswerapplicationson demand, where
the survey and other proceedings are found reg-
ular, and during the past year grants have issued
for Choctaw, Chickasaw, Winnebago,Wyandott,
and Chippewa lands. •
OREGON AND WASHINGTON DONATIONS ACT OF 27TII
SEPTEMBER, 1850, AND ACTS AMENDATORY.
This class of claims, though requiring gener-
ally less labor in their examination than Califor-
nia titles, owing to their small siz^ in comparison
with the latter, and the nature of the titles, resting
upon occupation of recentdate, still require great
care in their investigation, and a critical examina-
tion before patenting. The conflicts of boundaries
in some of the older churns, which, under the
law, are admitted without regard to the lines of
the public surveys, lead to serious difficulties and
delay in their adjustment, and many intricate
questions arise involving the legal rights of con-
testing parties. In one of these cases, known as
the " Portland City" claim, recently decided by
this office on an appeal from the decision of the
land officers in Oregon, the record would make
several printed volumes, with elaboratearguments
filed by counsel for the different parties m interest.
Patents have been issued for fifty of those
claims. In connection with this subject, com-
plaints have reached this office from persons en-
gaged m gold-mining in Oregon,representing that,
owing to the fact that the mineral lands are not
properly indicated on the township maps, import-
ant mining interests maybe seiiously affected,
and much difficulty created by permitting settlers
to locate on mineral lands, as the law exempts
such lands from donation or preemption. There
can be no doubtof the existence of valuablernin-
eral deposits within the Territoiy, confined within
such narrow limits as to have escapcd notice by
the surveyors, or where the gold has been dis-
covered since the survey. To provide as far as
possible against the evil apprehended from this
source, and insure due observance of the law, the
only remedy now is to place the matter in charge
of the local land officers.
The registers and receivers in Oregon anil
Washington Territories have accordingly been
instructed, where they have reason to believe that
mineral lands exist, or where mining is in actual
operation, or expenses have been incurred with a
view to mining, to take proper measures to ascer-
tain the character of the lands, and admit testi-
mony on application, on the part of the mining
interest, and upon satisfactory proof that a tract
is mineral, not to permit it to be located, the rule
for determining the character of the land in such
cases to be, that if it contain such quantity of the
precious metals as to make mining remunerative,
and raise it in value above merely agricultural
