40
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 6,
35th Gong....2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
land, it shall be considered mineraly otherwise to
be treated as agricultural lands.
Among the most important measures requiring
tl?e action of our Government, is the extinction
of the Hudson's Bay and Puget Sound agricultural
interests, in Washington Territory. Should this
he accomplished in the manner contemplated by
the treaty of 1846 between, the United States and
Great Britain,all parties will be satisfied,and our
people relieved from a class of claims which
sooner or later must be quieted.
timber.
The trust devolved upon the Department in the
management and sale of the public lands has
drawn into action the incidental but important
function for the protection of the public umber.
The spoliations had become extensive fioni the
impunity with which depredations had been com-
mitted, and the wrong had almost tacitly ripened
into a privilege, notwithstanding the inhibitory
laws of Congress and the possession of the (Tin-
ted States of the same civil rights and remedies
as individuals for theprutoctien of their property
from waste.
Looking to this condition of things, and to ex-
tensive combinations which had been formed for
the work of depredation, the Department, m order
to avoid a tax upon the Treasury by the employ-
ment of permanentagents, has resorted to the in-
strumentality of our district land offices, defining
their duties, pointing out the law, and requiring
them to resort to the legal authorities to punish
the wrong-doers and vindicate the public rights.
The efficiency of tins .system is shown in the
abatement of any serious complaint and the gen-
eral arrest of the evil.
The foregoing outline of prominent subjects
dealt with during the past yearcou\evs 1,0 idea
of the immense labor and results incident to the
varied, multiplied, and multiplying duties <>f the
Department, to whose cure are committed the gi eat
landed interests of the Union, covering some
1,450,000,000 acres.
The gradual*extensions of our pub!i*-, surveys
are conducted under the professional principles
which experience has developed, and undo safe-
guards established for security and fidelity Hi the
execution of the work. The restless mid adu n-
turous spirit of our people, and particulai ly oft he
frontier men, is pressing into the gr<\H interior
region, the general features of winch, twenty
years ago, were but" imperfectly Known to the
body of our citizens. Over the advancing- settle-
ments the law throws its piotecuon, ami with
them go interests under all the varied fonns of
grant which* Congress-has provided for educa-
tional and o'lher purposes essential to the happi-
ness and prosperity of man, and to the Mungih-
ening of our political institutions.
As we advance in this widened sphere of oper-
ations we meet, over portions of our tei ntory ac-
quired from France, Spam, and Mexico, and of
Great Britain, with individual nghis, protected
by treaty, which we are icquired to icspeei, and
ripen into patent from Use United States. Aside
from these, during the pa<t year, our issues of
land patentaforsnli'snnd locations have number* d
over ninety thousand. We have also patented io
sovereign States, under the swamp ait, winch,
nveiagmg the tracts at eighty acies, would equal
fifty-eight thousand, two hundred and lice pat-
ents,and certified to States for laiitoads an addi-
tional number of s  von thousand eight hundred
and sixty-eight—the whole, being equal, witlrn
the past yeat, to a 1 egul.n* issue of oidiiKti y cash
system patents of over one hundred and liUy-six
thousand; and before the close of the present cal-
endar year the great lnas.i of Kansas Indian tiust
patents will have been transmitted ro their appio-
priate destination, in the progress of tins mosaic
work of titles difficult questions of land tenures
have arisen, been discussed and settled—probably
as many issues made and determined are found
on the dockets of many of the United States
courts.
As to the intricacy of some of these, nnd mag-
nitude of interest involved, the reported decisions
of the Supreme Couit of tlie United States will
bear testimony. The points rvded are necessarily
in all grave matters carried up by appeal, adding
to the weighty and responsible duties of the boacl
of the Department of the Interior, under the direct
revision of whom they are passed and by whom
they are finally adjudged.
Respectfully submitted,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
Report of tlie Commissioner of Indian
Affairs.
Department of the Interior,
Office Indian Affairs,
November 6, 1858.
Sir: I have the honor to submit for your con-
sideration the usual annual report on Indian af-
fairs.
No change has taken place during the past year
in our relations with the various bolder and other
tribes, wiih which we have, for some tune, had
treaty engagements; and the annual reports from
this office for the last and several previous years
having fully set forth all the mateiial facts in
regard to their location, condition, and circum-
stances, I omit, on this occasion, the usual detail
of particuhus m relation to them. Amass of
jnteicsting information respecting them and their
affairs will,however,he found m the accompany ing
repot ts of the superintendents and agents having
them in charge.
As heretofore reported, the whole number of
Indians within our limits is estimated to be about
thiee hundred and fifty thousand. These con-
sist of one bundled and seventy-live separate
and distinct tribes and hands, with foity-four of
viuch we have treaty engagements.
The whole number of latified treaties with In-
dians, entcieil into since the adoption of the Fed-
eral <\>nstituuon, is thieo bundled jiiid nineiy-
tluee—neai iy all of which contain provisions
th.it aie still in force, and the prop n execution
of whn h occupies a lai^e portion of the time and
attention ol' this oi'h'c from year to year. Most
of them were treaties of cession, by which hu^e
bodies of land wcie acquired from the tribes wiih
winch (hey were made, for occupation and settie-
mtnt by our white population. It is estimated
thai (he quantity of land thus acqmied is about
.r)SI, I (>;J, jXSaeic.s, and t lint the entu e cost theieof,
unhiding the evp^nse of fulfilling all the stipu-
lations of the treaties, vdl he ^ I.
Kiom a considerable portion of these lands the
General Government derived no pecuniary ad-
vantage; as, on the extinguishment of the Indian
usnfiuet title, they became the property of the
■States within whose boundaues they were situ-
ated. Fiom what has, up to this tune, been sold
of the otheis, it is estimated that there has been
teceued into the fVdeidl Tieasury an amount
which exceeds the enure cost of the acquisition
of the whole, and the expenses of surveying and
selling t hose disposed of, hy at least ^ 100,000,000.
The .mount applicable for fulfilling tieaty stipu-
lations with the vat tons h ibes, ami for other ob-
j'T.seonaeUed with our Indian pohe.v, during the
pi,'sent liseai year, was 107 31, of which
sum 1 -JO !,(>()- was derived from in vestments of
hum tuiuls, in stocks of various States and the
United fJiutt s. The whole amount of trust funds
held on Indian account, is ^t0,5i)0,G-ii) &2, of
Vvlarh £>"!,,">0:2,;.M1 cii has been invested in that
ma-nier; the lemamder, namely, ^7,0^,407 b0,
b:'iug retained in the Treasury, and the inter-
est thereon annually appropriated by Congiess.
A s, by this latter arrangement, the Government,
e\eiy twenty years, pays an amount equal to
that of the punnpal, so retained, it is worthy of
consideiatioii, whether it will not be expedient
aud advisable, when the national Treasury shall
be m a condition to admit of it, also to invest that
amount, m like manner, with the other Indian
trust funds.
The aggregate amount appropriated by Con-
i^ress for the service of this Department during
the fiscal year,-was $2,630,389; of'which $£1,309,034
was required for the fullillmentofabsoluteand spe-
cific treaty stipulations. The remainder, namely,
i<> 1.350,335, was mainly for recognized and estab-
lished objects of expenditure connected with our
Indian policy, and it was only over it that any
discretion whatever could oc exercised in tegard
to economy. By a careful and rigid supervision
of the expenditures, however, and by a system
of retrenchment, which has been commenced in
the administration of the policy of colonizing the
Indians on the reservations established in Oregon,
California, and Texas, this office hopes to be able
to effect a material reduction in its expenditures
for the remainder of this and during the next fis-
cal year. In making up the estimate recently
submitted for the last-mentioned period, every
item which admitted of the exercise of any dis-
cretion was carefully scrutinized, and in all in-
stances where it was deemed prudent and prac-
ticable, reduced to the lowest possible amount.
In consequence of such reductions, the sum es-
timated as necessary for the next, is less by
$744,829 51 than the amount of the appropria-
ations for the present fiscal year.
From the commencement of the settlement of
this country, the principle has been recognized
and actcd on, that the Indian tubes possessed the
occupant or usufruct right to the lands they oc-
cupied, and that they were entitled to the peace-
ful enjoyment of that right until they were fairly
and justly divested of it; hence the numerous
treaties with the various tribes, by which, for a
stipulated consideration, their lands have, from
time to time been acquned, as our population
increased.
Experience has demonstrated that at leastthree
serious, and, to the Indians, fatal errors, have,
from the beginning, marked our policy towards
them, namely: their removal from place to place
as our population advanced; the assignment to
them of too great an extent of country, to be held
in common, and the allowance of large sums of
money, as annuities, for the lands ceded by them.
These errors, far more than the want of capacity
on the part of the Indian, have been the cause of
the very limited success of our constant efforts to
domesticate and civilize him. By their frequent
changes of position, and the possession of large
bodies of land in common, they have 'been kept
in an unsettled condition, and prevented from
acquirin^a knowledge of separate and individual
propeity, w Inle their large annuities, upon which
tney have relied for a support, have not only tended
to foster habits of indolence and pro/1 igacy, but
constantly made them the victims of the lawless
and inhuman sharper and speculator. The very
matci ml and maikcd dilierence between the north-
ern Indians mid those of the principal southern
tubes may be accounted for by the simple fact
that the latter weie permitted, for long periods, to
remain undisturbed in their original locations,
where surrounded by, or in close proximity with,
a white population, they, to a considerable extent,
acquired settled habits and a knowledge of, and
taste for, civilized occupations and pursuits. Our
present policy, as you are aware, is entirely the
reverse uf that heretofore pursued, in the three
pat ticulars mentioned. It is to permanently locate
the different tribes on 1 eservations embracing only
suilicient land for their actual occupancy; to divide
this among them in severalty, and require them
to live upon and cultivate the tracts assigned to
them; and, in lieu of money annuities, to furnish
them with stock animals,agricultural implements,
mechanic shops, tools and materials, and manual-
labor schools lor the industrial and mental educa-
tion of their youth. Most of the older treaties,
however, ptovide for annuities in money, and the
Depaitmcnt has, therefore, no authority to com-
mute them, even in cases where the Indians may
desire, or could be influenced to agree to such a
change, in view of this fact, ami the better to
enable the Department to carry out its present,
and really more benevolent policy, I would re-
spectfully recommend and urge that a law be en-
acted by Congress empowering and requiring the
Department, m all cases where money annuities
are provided for by existing treaties, and the assent
of the Indians can be obtained, to commute them
for objects and purposes of a beneficial character.
The principle of recognizing and respecting the
usufruct right of the Indians to the lands occu-
pied by them, has not been so strictly adhered
to m the case of the tribes m the Territories of
Oregon and Washington. When a territorial gov-
ernment was first provided for Oregon—which
then embraced the present Territory of Washing-
ton—strong inducements were held out to our
people to emigrate and settle there* without the
