1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
60ft
probability in it, too, if this amendment is made
. to receive bids for a road from the eastern border
of the State of California, to the points indicated
in tlic first section of the bill, for the central route
—Beuicia or San Francisco—and the southern
route to San Francisco, that the State of Califor-
nia herself may make a proposition to build this
route to those points from her eastern borders,
with such aids from the Government as they may
indicate. I therefore think it is very important
to make this system as acceptable and perfcct as
possible; that this omission in the second section
should be remedied by offering to receive separate
bids for. the construction of a road from the points
indicated on the waters of the Pacific ocean to
the eastern border of the State. I hope the friends
of the measure will agree with me that it is im-
portant to permit these separate bids to be received
for building within the State, as it is possible the
State itself may present proposals, when it would
not wish to piopoxe tu build the road within the
Territories oj^hc United States.
Another eu^gesti-n that 1 dcsi>*c to make is in
regard to the bids themselves. There is no ade-
quate provision to insure the Government that
the bidder is responsible, competent, and willing
to execute the work; the invitation to bidders to
state the guarantees proposed for the faithful ex-
ecution of any contract being too defective to pre-
vent the reception of fictitious bids. I think if
the bill were amended, as 1 have suggested, and
the State of California should make a bid to con-
struct these two roads on the central and south-
ern routes to her eastern boundary, she would
give the credit of the State to exccutc it, and that
would be ample; but if that amendment is made,
it would be very important that bids made to con-
struct the road to the eastern border of the State
of California, should be by parties entirely re-
sponsible. No fictitious bids, no straw bids, as
they are called, should be received at all. There-
fore, 1 suggest that the security should be mode
more specific. The responsibility should be so
specific tb&t fictitious bids could not be lcccived.
In that way we should have a great advantage
from tins bill, and that is, the development of out-
side information u\ regard to what the expenses
o'f this work would be. Private individuals, when
they give such a bond, which, if forfeited, will
involve them m gieat loss, will be more specific
and careful in^acquniug information than they
othciwise would, it there was not that degice of
responsibility fixed on them by the act which
would make their bids real and not fictitious.
There is another amendment that I think could
bo made with great propriety. In regard to the
northern mute from the waters of the Mississippi
or Lake Superior to Puget Sound, there ought to
be a provision thata branch should be built to Ore-
gon and Washington. It is well known that the
great bulk of population m those two Territories,
one of which is soon, 1 hope, to be a State, is so
situated, that proposals for a branch to the Co-
lumbia river ought to be received. I think the
fuends of the measuie will find it to their advant-
age to so change the bill as to invite proposals for
that branch.
I have made these suggestions because I wont
the measure, for the benefit of Congtess, to be as
^perfect and effective as possible m bringing before
us that kind of information upon which wc can
act understandingly.
Mr. DROWN. I am a little apprehensive that
this debate, will carry us beyond one o'clock.
Mr. DELL. Let me icply to the Senator from
California.
Mr. BROWN. I will in one minute, if the
Senator will wait. I propose to postpone the exe-
cution of the order of the Senate until one o'clock,
so that when that time comes, if this debate is
still going on, I may have a proper basis on which
to imvsfit. I do not wish to £ivc a longer time
than that. I therefore make that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason- in
the chair.) Tlic motion is not in oider, unless
by geneial consent, other business being before
the Senate.
Mr. DELL. There is no disposition to press
this subject beyond on# o'clock, 1 suppose.
Mr. G WIN. Oh, no.
Mr. DROWN.( Then I hope that, if there is
any one'on the floor when I call for the special
order at one o'clock, he will give way.
Mr. BELL. I suppose no one desires to press
this discussion beyond one o'clock. I- will not
occupy more than three or four minutes iu re-
plying to the Senator from California.
The Senator from California has manifested his
usual solicitude and vigilance to do whatever we
do on this subject, as effectually as we can. He
stated these points to me yesterday, and I prom-
ised to examine them carefully last night; and*
so far as I thought there was mattor of substance
in them, to endeavor to obviate them. There is
something in them to be sure; but whether they
are so material that we, should review the whole
frame of this proposition, I doubt, and I will state
my reasons. In the first place, he says no guar-
antees are^equired here for the responsibility of
bidders; and how do we know that we shall not
be imposed upon by merely speculative straw
bidders, men without any capital? 1 stated that,'
in framing the provisions of this proposition, I
.considered that no better provision could be made
upon that subject than to require biddeis to state
the guarantees they propose tojyivc for the faith-
ful performance.of any contract the Government
might enter into with them for the construction
of a road under their bid.
I thought so when I drew the provision, and I
think so yet; and 1 have studied n since the Sen-
ator stated the point to mo yesterday evening. I
think th:\t is the best evidence we can get of their
responsibility. Under this bill, we a>k all bidders
what guarantees do you piopose to give for your
responsibility, and the fidelity with which you
will carry out any agreement that may be made
with you on this subject? If anyone can .surest
anything else, without embarrassing the mea-3-
uie, I should have no objection to it; but if we
require anything else, wo leave it to the discio-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior to throw out
bids, winch we might consider with the £uar:.n-
tees proposed, such as wc ought to notice. I sug-
ge\;i that to my friend from California.
I do not think he has well matuied the pro-
posed oiYienduiciUs hum-elf. 1 thought there was
something in the fir .t objection he took, that it is
pioposcd to invite propolis for the eoiWrticfion
of three roads. That is the general description of
the bill; but when we come to the details of the
bill, it is impossible not to see thnt the parties
bidding upon the several routes are limited, in
substance and effect, by exception and Anticipa-
tion, to a single road. A few words will show
that. The bill provides:
"And such advcitHoment shall further set foiMi tHaf the
p'iiMJii, oi uf p( rMJii*'. or i:oui|kui3 untiunu ^ueh
piof o-,tU, vim! 1 -f-.tf, a - <lt-n.i<'tly a- iii'iv !)>•. lb'- pm'i,., s,e
leeteri a.' the ea-teni and we-tnn tmiuiii of the Mad he or
the\ piopo-1* to coii' n uci, and the lino or mute Milected a-!
tho'mo. t ch'tiiilo on whicst to it. ic-oi v.n"tin: priv-
ilege of making such deflection-* or dopamine ttoui it ru
may h  found, in the pioyro^ of the work, to ofiu *.!f-nt.-i
fuelling -aid adumMciev; .hkI th.it he oi they s-h.tl: .-p>-t iiv
the ternn and cundiootw on which lie oi they piopo-,e to
conjunct the load, clu--ifjed a- loiiuws:
"Fust. The time wuimi which the road id to be com-
menced and < n,npl'''e<i.
'• Sccon /. The amount, or extent and <ic-cript«on, of the
aid*, facilities. ami pnvilem^, whe'h v> ill he ovpecied orie-
quned tiom the Government, whchei iniri-tios oi land-
or money, oi both ; and. if m pai! ot money, whet he j m the
!>hhpe of a loan oi otheivvi^e; and, if a loan, when and how
to he rfilUUled.
'• Thud. The rate of charge respectively, for con vo vine the
mail wccklv. se mi-week I v, to-weekly, .md flail v, when me
road h completed, and (ne rate p"r i.n'e for &ik ii pruuon**
or dtvMon- oi tin- ro -d as- nnv he eo.npleicd .md la u>-c he-
f..!«: Ii''1 coioeS'lfO of th" v. hole ; and tlic r.ite of eiru^e on
all minraiv and naval -implies. t«oo;>.-. munitions of war of
all kind-, "o. tiie nai.-poitan.in oi the ^atne ou >au\ toad
thioiiiihi.tit the em^etine, win   eomp'el'-d.and on any l >-
portion oi vjccnun ot the tame. the wanU ot llie Guvei n-
ment mav icqu.ic.
uFourth. The time or penod beyond tin; completion of
the road at winch tin p M j oi patujs to an} &ueh pO'{u)-.a! •
WJII aurrenjei h«jJ loan.'5
And so on throughout all the subsequent pro-
visions of the bill—it is c> the load'' for the con-
struction of which the party or parties piopose
such and such terms, and nothing eh-e.
Mr. GWIN. Let rne a«k the Senator, as .the
author of the bill, one question. I stated that the
fust section contemplated bidding foi three roads,
but that them was some appaient conflict, it
seemed to roe, in subsequent provisions of it.
Did tlie Senator mean, when he drafted the bill,
thnt when till these bids were bo fore Congress,
Congress would be required to accept bidvs to build
three roads, or only one ? Did he mean to confine
them to the prn iU-ge of selecting from the bids
aad building one road r
Mr. EELL. These terms were of general de-
scription, and there is nothing zn-;tfre bill -that
binds Congress to $ccept a proposition's to.r build,
either one or three roads. „ , , ~ , ,
Mr. GWIN. They can do just- as "they
on that. • . s
Mr. BELL. Certainly; everything is left to. the,
discretion of Congress. Then, with regard to the
western termination of* the central and southern
routes, I thought there was more in that point
when the honorable Senator spoke to me^ester~i
day afternoon, and I "think there is now. The,
parties that bid for these respective routes, the cen-r
tral and southern routes, are required-to putan
their bids what they will take to carry the.road on
the central route through to Benicia or San Fran-
cisco, and on the other route through lo San Fran-
cisco. Then, in order to avoidjjtbe objection that
might existin the minds of some members of Con-
gress, on the scoreof the want ofjudsdiction,to
accept a bid which proposed a road to be con-,
siructod through the Stale of California—to obvi-
ate that objection, wfiich I did not consider in
fact a practical one from the beginning1, and^donat.
now, I propose that the same parties who make
bids .to carry these two roads to San Francisco,■
shall also put in a separate bid for what advant-
ages, facilities, and privileges, theywould construct
the road, terminating at some suitable point on
the eastern boundary of the State of California.
I supposed, as I think is clearly the proper con-
struction, that any bidders would sec at once the
object of that direction, and that ihey would stop
it at the point which they considered most eligi-
ble and suitable, in order to construct a railroad
from that point to San Francisco with the least
cost to thomselves;loufking,then, to the authority
of tlic State of California to go on with their work
through the jurisdiction of that State, with such
additions in lands as Congress nnjrht propose to
give: and that they would be bound by the same-
mteiest, the same enlightened self-inteiest, which
induced them to selcotany particular route extend*
ing ft) San Francisco, in their separate proposals,
limscinr'- the termination of their routs to the east-
ern boundary, to t..ke that point from whence,
with the greatest facility and with the least ex-
pense, n ro«d could be constructed to San Fran-
cisco. 1 think that answers all the valuable pur-
poses, and gives all the security which the honor-
able Senator could ask on that point.
Mr. GWljN". I should like to ask the Senator
if he doe-- not think it would be a great advant-
age to his proposition to give the State of Cali-
fornia, if she clioos-eo to do so, the privilege of
making road within her own boundaries, to
connect with those whsJi might reach her east-
ern bolder ftom the Mississippi river?
Mr. B&LL. Thes-; suggestions can be thrown
out. If any bids are made under thern, and pro-
posals arc laid before Congress, that will be a
xeason for accepting any proposition from a com-
pany designing first to iuu to San Francisco; and
then wc may have a separate proposal for run-
ning to the eastern boundary of the State of Cali-
fornia. Wo e >uld accept that, and then accept a
proposition from the State of California to con-
struct her own road.
Mr. G Wi N. W or, id not the Secretary of the In-
terior be obliged to throw it out, under this bill?
Mr. HELL, it couhi be brought here, no mat-
ter who presented it. It would be an argument,,
a kthinbiins-block in the way of anybody, if jwo
thought it was more advanragcoOs tu take the
of the Slate of California, or any con'ipany char-
tered by h'jr, to construct a road through herbm-'
its, than it would be to take r\ hid for running th©
road through to San Francisco. Th'e honorable
v>e;ir.'0T is a Ktiie mistaken in one point. It is.„
n ae I made a proposition to commit, at first; but
it wa-j witii instructions to reportforthwith these
precise provisions: and I took groat care, in pre-
paring them, to frame thern in such teims as would
ne full and complete and satisfactorylipon every
point. I am not, however, tenacious about^ny-
th-ng.
Mr. GWIN. In regard to the northern line, I
should like to suggest the propriety of a branch
to Oregon.
Mr. BELL. I should like to see that incorpo.-.
rated myself. If we-are to reconsider, and insert
tii,it, it would be very well: but 1 am free to say,
when weget it in we shall have no limit to the
propositions that may be^btfored.
?Jr. STUART. I ihink, sir, it may be obvious
