42
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 6,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs.
Senate & Ilo. or Reps.
of defense against the wilder tribes, to whose dep-
redations and hostilities both they and our citi 
zens are subjected. Such a course towards them
would lastingly confirm their friendship for our
Governmentand people; and enable us, with great
advantage, to avail of their influence and services
in controlling and keeping in subjection the wilder
and lawless tribes in that region of country.
The Indians of New Mexico have generally
remained quiet and peaceable during the year,
except the large and powerful tribe of Navajoes,
who have continued their depredations and out-
rages upon our citizens in violation of their treaty
obligations. Every effort has been made to per-
suade them to cease their lawless conduct, but in
vain; and no alternative is left but to chastise
them into submission.
Our citizens in that Territory have suffered se-
verely from Indian depredations since its acquisi-
tion by the United States. Claims have been sent
in for property lost m that manner amounting to
$516,160 68. The attention of Congress has here-
tofore been called to the subject of these demands,
and it is for that body to determine what course
shall be adopted in regard to their liquidation.
1 would respectfully reurge that provision be
made by Congress, at an early day, for survey-
ing and defining the boundaries of the tracts of
land owned and occupied by the Pueblo Indians
in New Mexico.
There appears to bo a material improvement in
the disposition and conduct ofthe Indians in Utah,
caused, doubtless, by the presence of the large
military force which lias been sent there, and
which has rendered the northern route to our pos-
sessions on the Pacific coast much safer than here-
tofore to the overland emigrant.
Measures have been adopted for the location
and survey of a third reservation in Texas, for
which provision was made at the last session of
Congress, to complete the arrangements for the
colonization of the Indians of that Slate; but it is
essential to the welfare of those Indians that the
trade and intercom se law can be extended over
their reservations, in order to enable the Depart-
ment and its agents to protect them from improper
interference by lawless white persons, and4o pre-
vent, the fatal traffic with them in intoxicating
liquors.
I regret to slate that no progress has yet been
made in carrying out the provision in the act of
March 3, J857, for " collecting and establishing
the southern Cainanches, Witchitas, and certain
other bands of Indians, on reset vations to be lo-
cated south of the Arkansas river, and west of
the ninety-eighth degree of longitude." Those
Indians are wild and lawless in their dispositions
and habits, and cannot be brought together with-
out danger of difficulties occurring among them-
selves, or of their committing forays upon the
western Ohoctaws fffld Chickasaws, with whom
they will be brought into close; proximity, and
whom we are bound, by treaty stipulations, to pro-
tect from such casualties. A strong military force
at the proper point in the region of counti y where
it is intended to settle them, is absolutely neces-
sary to hold in check and control them, and to
afford the requisite protection to the agent ap-
pointed to take them m charge. And until itshall
be in the power of the War Department to furnish
such a force for that purpose, no successful efforts
can be made to carry out the intention of the above-
quoted provision. Not even the agency for those
Indians can, until then, bo established, as, for the
necessary security among Indians so lawless and
treacherous, it must bo in the immediate vicinity
ofthe post, which it is the understanding shall be
located there, as soon as troops are available to
occupy it.
A bitter controversy having arisen among the
Choctaws, growing out of a reorganization of
their government, and it being likely to lead to
serious difficulty, if not domestic strife and blood-
shed, the Department was compelled to inter-
pose for the purpose of airesting it. The occur-
rencc'was the more to be regretted, because of
the excellent character of the Choctaws, and their
uniform good conduct heretofore. 1 am happy to
state, however, that the difficulty appears to have
been amicably arranged and settled by the judi-
cious course pursued by superintendent Rector,
actingunder the positive instructions given to him
! by your directions, a copy of which is herewith
' transmitted. With the exception of this disturb-
ance among the Choctaws, peace and good order
have continued to prevail among all the different
tribes of the southern supcrintendency, Much
credit is also due to the same officer for hisjudicious
management in effecting the removal, last spring,
of nearly the whole of the Seminoles in Florida,
to the country set apart for them west of Arkan-
sas, an object which the Government had, at an
expense of many million dollars, been working
for more than twenty years to accomplish, but
with only partial success. It is, further, highly
commendable that his operations were conducted
with the most rigid economy, but a comparatively
trifling amount having been expended by him,
and much less than the Departmentapprehended
would be required, lie is under instructions to
return to Florida for the purpose of removing the
few Indians who could not be found when he was
there last spring, but who have since made ap-
pearance and manifested a wish to follow their
brethren to their home in the west.
I would respectfully call attention to the recom-
mendation in your annual report and that of this
office for last year, in regard to the establishment
of a Federal court or courts for the convenience j
and benefit of the Choctaws, Chickasaws, Creeks, ;
and Cherokee*, it is certainly a provision which i
they are justly entitled to have made for them in j
consideration of their condition and the inconve- !
niences and disadvantages under which they now
labor.
The several well-grounded recommendations
contained in last year's annual repuit on Indian
affAirs in regard to the Indians in Kansas and
Nebraska, very clearly point out the course or
policy to be pursued towards them, and are there-
fore respectfully renewed.
I would, however, ask special attention to the
necessity which exists for immediate legislation
respecting the lands in Kansas, formerly intended
for the Indians of New York. By the second ar-
ticle of the treaty with those Indians of January
15, 1838, it was provided thut a uact with cer-
tain metes and bounds should be set opait for
them, "to include one million right hundred and
twenty-four thousand aeres of land, being three
hundred and twenty acres for each soul of said
Indiana, as their numbers are at present compu-
ted," and "with full power and authority in the
said Indians, to divide said lands among the differ-
ent tubes, nations, or bands m severalty." By
the third article, such of them an did not accept
and remove to the lauds thus set apart for them,
within five years, 01 such other time as the Pres-
ident should appoint, were to forfeit all interest
therein. Only a small number of them so ac-
cepted and removed, the greater body having re-
mained, and being now permanently located m the
State of New York. Those who went, and ate
nosy living, are entitled to have their shares as-
signed to them; after which the remaining lands
■ should be brought into market and sold; but the
Department has no audio i ity to adopt either meas-
ure, because, by the treaty, the lands were separa-
ted from the public domain for the purpose stated,
and the division among the individual Indians
was to be made amongst themselves by thetubes
and bands after removal. The proper legislation
in the case is therefore necessary; especially as
the tract is being rapidly settled up, and it may
soon be difficult to assign the Indians their shares
without doing injustice to those who have in good
faith made locations and improvements upon the
lands, under the impression that they were public
lands, and open to settlement.
1 1 would further state, that to avoid conflict of
'jurisdiction and other difficulties, it is necessary
that the twenty-fourth section of the act of June
3D, 1834, to regulate trade and intercourse with
the Indian tubes, which, for judicial purposes,
attached to Missouri the whole of the then Indian
country west of that State, shall be so amended
and changed as to vest in the United States courts
m Kansas and Nebraska the jurisdiction in aU
cases arising under that act, which it conferred
upon the United States district court for Missouri.
It is important that there be some early legis-
lation in regard to those provisions in the treaties
of 1854 with the Shawnees and the Kaskaskias,
Piankeshaws, Peoncis, and Weas, which subject
the alienation of the lands secured to individual
members of those tribes, or bands, to such restric-
tions as the President or Congress may think
proper to impose. In the absence of such neces-
sary legislation, there is no authority to sanction
or confirm any permanent disposition which the
reservees may desire to make of the lands thus
secured to them, however important it might be
for their interests and welfare.
The thirteenth section of the act ofthe 12th June
last, " making appropriations for certain civil ex-
penses of the Government,"established (t the line
surveyed by John C. McCoy,in 1838, as the west-
ern boundary of the half-breed tract specified in
the tenth article of the treaty made between com-
missioners on the part of the United States and
certain Indian tribes, at Piairie du Chien, on the
15th of July, 1830," as " the true western bound-
ary of said tract." I beg leave to state that it
has been clearly and satisfactorily ascertained that
said line is not in accordance with the positive and
specific requirements of the ueafy,and that, if
the above-quoted provision is to prevail, the In-
dians interested will be deprived of over seven-
teen thousand acres of land, to which they are
justly entitled by the treaty, which is,'and should
be, regarded as the supreme law.
The act of Congress of the 8th of June last re-
quired the sale which had beeu made by the Chris-
tian Indians to A. J. Isaacks, of the reservation of
four sections of land which they held in Kansas,
should be confirmed by the President on the pay-
ment of the purchase-money, namely, $43,400, to
the Secretary of the Interior within ninety days af-
ter the pnss>fige ofthe act; the amount to be applied,
in part, for the purchase of a peimanent home,
| the erection of buildings, and for other beneficial
; objects for the Indians, and the remainder to bo
; invested for the support of a school among them,
j The money having been so paid, the sale was
: duly confirmed; and measures will be adopted to
; procure those Indians a suitable home.
! in conformity with the provision of the second
1 section ofthe act of March 3, 1853, treaties were
cnteied into, in March and April last, with the
Poncas and the Yanoton Sioux, who reside west
of Iowa, for the purpose of extinguishing their
title to ail the lands occupied and claimed by them,
except small poi tions on which to colonize and
domesticate them. This proceeding was also
deemed to be essentially necessary in order to ob-
tain such control over those Indians as to prevent
their interference with our settlements, which are
rapidly extending m that direction. Those trea-
ties were duly laid before the Senate at its last
regular session, but were not, it is understood,
finally acted on by that body.
Relying upon the ratification of their treaty and
the adoption of timely measures to carry out its
provisions in their favor, the Poncas proceeded
m good faith to comply with Us stipulations on
their part, by abandoning their settlements and
hunting grounds, and wuhdiawing to the small
tract reserved fur their future home. Being with-
out a crop to rely upon, and having been unsuc-
cessful in their usual summer hunts, they were
reduced to a state of destitution and desperation.
As nothing had been done for them under the
treaty, they concluded it was void, and threat-
! ened to fall back upon their former settlements—
i some of the most important of which had in the
i mean time been taken possession of, and were
occupied by numerous white persons. To pre-
vent this,and a consequent collision between the
parties, as well as to save the Poncas from ex-
treme suffering, if not actual starvation, the De-
partment has been compelled to incur a heavy
1 expense in furnishing them with the necessary
provisions.
Treaties were also negotiated with the Med-a-
nay-kan-todn, and Wah-pay-koo-tay, and the Se-
see-toan, and Wah-pay-toan bands of the Sioux
Indians for the purpose of reducing the large res-
ervations on which they reside, in the western
part of Minnesota, and to arrange for the divis-
ion and assignment to them, in small tracts, of
the lands to be retained by them. Such an ar-
rangement is necessary for the well-being of those
I Indians, who have so far improved since they
j have been concentrated on their reservations, as
j to be in a condition to dissolve their tribal organ-
| ization, and to become possessed of individual
