1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Commissioner of Public Buildings.
Senate k, Ho. of. Reps.
property in theirlands. The considerable surplus
land now occupied by them is also required for
the use of the increasing white population by
which they are becoming surrounded. Like con-
siderations renderitexpedient and important that
a treaty for the same purpose be made with the
Winnebagoes at an early day.
Our relations with the Se-see-toan and Wah-
pay-toan band of Sioux have been materially
interfered with by the Yanctonnais band, who
complain that the cession made by the former, by
the treaty of 1851, embraces a considerable por-
tion of teriitory which belonged to them. They
create much trouble and difficulty by coming into
the annuity payments, and claiming a large share
of the money distributed to those bands; and they
evince so vengeful a disposition as to occasion
the constant apprehension of their breaking out
into hostilities, which would lead to very serious
conse^uenccs in the loss of both life and property
on that frontier. It was deemed advisable to send
them some presents for the purpose of soothing
their irritation, and satisfying i hem of the fiiendly
disposition of the Govei nment towards them, and
thus to prepare the way for holdmgacouncil with
them under favorable circumstances, with a view
to the settlement of the existing difficulty. Con-
gress having made the necessary appropriation,
suitable presents to the amount of $21,000 were
purchased and sent out in July last, a special
agent having at the same time been appointed to
apprise them of the views and wishes of the De-
partment, and to induce them to appoint a time
for receiving the,presents, and holding a friendly
conference. No satisfactory result attended this
proceeding. They behaved with great incivility,
and refused either to receive the presents or to fix
any time for a council for the settlement of their
alleged grievances.
The Indians in the region of the Upper Mis-
souri, and its head waters, were, fortunately, not
visited the past season with the small-pox, with
which they were so seveiely scourged last year.
Those within theBlackfeet agency, consisting of
the tribes of that name, the Gros Ventres, Pie-
gans, and Blood Indians, and numbering about
nine thousand four hundred, are represented by
the agent to have been generally peaceable and
quiet, and as remaining well affected toward the
united States. The tribes within the Upper
Missouri agency, numbering about thirty thou-
sand four hundred, have been somewhat turbu-
lent and discontented. A large and warlike por-
tion of them are near the frontiers, and have it in
their power to inflict much injury upon our ad-
vanced settlements, and emigrants by the north-
ern route to Oregon and Washington. An ade-
quate military force is very necessary to restrain
and keep them quiet, and it is advisable that a
new treaty be made with them, for the purpose
of effecting a better understanding as to the limits
of the tract of country which they claim, and to
impose upon them the obligation to remain within
those limits; to cease hostilities with one another,
and to abstain from committing depredations
upon the whites.
Measures should be adopted to prevent the
annual slaughter of the buffalo, in this region
of country, merely for their skins, to sell to the
traders. This animal is the principal means of
subsistence for the Indians; but, at its present rate
of destruction it will soon become extinct, when
they must starve, sustain themselves by plunder,
or be thrown upon the Government for support.
Attention is again called to the urgent necessity
that exists for a complete and thorough revision
of the laws relating to Indian affairs, which, in
consequence of lapse of time and change of cir-
cumstances, are m a great measure unsuited to
the present condition of things, and in conse-
quence of which it is impossible to administer the
duties of this office and Department with the ne-
cessary and proper degiee of system, efficiency,
and economy.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CHARLKS E. MIX, Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior.
Department of the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
November 15, 1858.
In conscience of the late period at which I
came into this office, it has been impossible for
me to examine the foregoing report with refer-
ence to the facts therein contained; but I concur
generally in the suggestions made by Mr. Mix
m regard to the policy that ought to be pursued
by the Government in dealing with the Indians.
J. W. DENVER,
Commissioner.
Report of tlic Commissioner of Public
Buildings.
Office of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, October 18, 1858.
Sir : I respectfully submit to you this my an-
nual report of the operations of this office, and the
application of the appropriations confided to my
disbursement.
Congress, at the last session, made no appro-
priation for any new object under my charge,
with the exception of small sums tor shelving and
luting up two rooms in the Capitol, which the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had as-
signed to the use of the library, and for cleaning
out the sewer traps on Pennsylvaniaavenue. The
r.ooms have been arranged as contemplated and
turned over to the Librarian. The effect 1 antici-
pated from frequently cleaning out the traps has
been realized as far as possible under existing cir-
cumstances. The cylinders being kept free from
obstructions, the water flows swiftly into the sew-
ers and passes off, and it requires an unusually
hard lain to flood the avenue, as was/requently
the case when the tiaps were neglected and suf-
fered to be choked with the sweepings of stores
which were borne into them by the current in the
gutters. The extant of diainage which passes
through the traps is so great that they cannot
promptly discharge all the water that falls in a
very heavy ram. The remedy is a plain one. The
extent of the drainage must be reduced by having
sewers in the streets that intersect the avenue, and
thereby convey off a portion of the water which
now runs into it. So far as the traps were
intended to shut off the offensive effluvia of the
sewers, they have succeeded entirely.
All necessary repairs have been made in the
Capitol, and it will be in good condition for the re-
ception of Congress. The roof requires constant
attention to prevent leakage, and will continue
to give trouble until the dome is finished. The old
Representative Hall is in a very unsightly condi-
tion, having been stripped of its decorations and
furniture. Visitors, anu especially strangers, take
a great interest in it. They admire the imposing
style of its architecture, and speak of the stimng
scenes that have transpired within its walls, and
the great men who have adorned it; and all ex-
press the hope that it will be appropriated to some
suitable and honorable purpose. Congress will,
no doubt, assign it to some use that will not be
discreditable to its past history.
The naval monument, which stands in the res-
ervoir on the lower terrace of the Capitol, does
not belong to the Government. It was reared to
the memory of the gallant officers who fell before
the walls of Tripoli, by their brothers of the
Navy, whose admiration of the heroic conduct of
the deceased induced them to appropriate a por-
tion of their pay for the purpose. Commodore
Porter was intrusted with the care of procuring
the monument, and was greatly indebted to the
Bishop of Florence for his assistance, and through
whose lrfluence Micali, of Leghorn, was induced
to undertake the work. Jt was brought to this
country m the frigate Constitution, and was erect-
ed in 1808 in the Washington navy-yard, where
for years it attracted the admiration of all who
visited the yard. Dnring the last war with Great
Britain it was very much defaced by the British
soldiers on their visit to this city. Congress, in
March, 1831, made an appropriation for remov-
ing it to its present position, and m the following
year appropriated a further sum for renewing the
inscriptions and cleansing and repairing the mon-
ument. As a work of art, it is generally consid-
ered in good taste and well executed; and, taken
as a whole, it is pronounced beautiful. It was
certainly bad judgment to place it in juxtaposition
with the Capitol, where it is overshadowed and
eclipsed by the magnificence of that building. Be-
sides, there is not the same special aptness as in
the former location. As the monument is now
falling to pieces and will require for its preserva-
tion speedy repair, would it not be better to re-
place it in the navy-yard, and especially as it was
not the offering of national gratitude, but of the
just pride which the officers of the Navy felt in
the glory and honor their deceased brothers had
reflected upon the service and the country ? To
repair it in its present position will cost five hun-
dred dollars, and to remove it to the navy-yard
about two thousand.
The Capitol grounds are in very good order,
with the exception of the irregular and unsightly
paths, which inconsiderate persons have made by
walking upon the sward instead of keeping on
the pavement. Every means have been adopted
to prevent these paths from being made, but all to
no effect. There being no law to punish such
evident impropriety, it is in vain to appeal to good
sense and taste where neitheris respected. Inother
citics no such disfigurement of the public grounds
is seen, because they are under the protection of
law; and until the same shelter is thrown around
the public grounds in this city, they will be liable
i to be intruded upon, and their beauty marred,
i Public grounds in every city should be regarded
; with favor and care, not only because they please
: the eye, but because they likewise conduce to
, health by affording free circulation of air and an
! opportunity for exercise.
j The President's House has undergone the usual
; repaiis, and every attention has been paid to its
j sanatory condition. The grounds never looked
i better. Owing to the extension of the Treasury
• building, they have been very much compressed,
j and ought to be enlarged. Congress made an
j appropriation for taking down the south wail and
: reconstructing it in such a manner as to give to
i the house the benefit of the grounds south of it.
i The plan adopted for the Treasury extension in-
i terfered with the plan for the improvement of the
| Piesident's grounds, and the latter was aban-
doned. Congress subsequently authorized the
adoption of a new plan, such as the President
I might approve; but the street immediately south
j of the wall being occupied by the work-shops and
j materials of the Treasury building, no new plan
I has been submitted. My cftvn opinion is, that
the grounds south of the house ought to be added
I to the President's grounds without any intervep-
j ing wall, which would rectify, in agreat measure,
i the mistake that was made iit encroaching upon
i the Piesident's grounds for the accommodation
I of the Treasury Department.
LaFayette square has been very much improved,
j The underground drainage which was made in it
! last year has corrected the dampness that existed
i in some parts, and prevented the grass and shrub-
i bery from growing, and now everything is as
; flourishing m those localities as m any other por-
! tions of it. The entrancePto it have been made
easy by the erection of.small circular railings,
with light gates, just within the large and heavy
gates, which give great satisfaction and answer
the purpose of keeping out cattle.
The citizens of the seventh ward, commonly
called the Island, complain very much that they
are excluded from the thickly-settled and business
portion of the city on nights when the moon does
not shine. The streets running through the Mall
were made, and are owned by the Government.
Neither the corporation nor individual citizens,
have any authority to light them, and of a dark
mght but few persons are willing to venture
through them. They are the connecting links
between the Island and that portion of the city
which lies immediately north of the canal, and it
docs seem that the Government is bound in jus-
tice to light them up, so that the object for winch
they were designed of facilitating intercourse
between those parts of the city, may not to any
extent be defeated. The citizens immediately in-
terested have petitioned Congress upon the sub-
ject, and there is every prospect of their prayer
being granted.
There is no longer any cause for complaint of
the quality of the gas or the sufficiency of the
supply. 'The company, with commendaMd en-
terprise, seems determined to keep pace with the
growth of the city, and answer all the wants of
the community. The consumption of gas by the
Government has become a large item of expense,
