1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
accordance with the view of the people of the Dis-
trict, that is not a matter for discussion. The next
question is, (o whom will you grant the right of
constructing it? In my judgment, it is not aright
worth much to anybody; and when you talk about
this matter at a valuable gratuity to individuals,
I can only say that I do not agree with any Sen-
ator who expresses that opinion. I do not believe
there is any value in it, except the value of ac-
commodation to the public. I do not believe it
will pay any man, who invests money in it, one
mill—not one'farthing—not a dollar. That is
ray judgment. If capitalists will come here from
abroad, and will run the hazard of reaping a re-
ward for the capital which they may invest, I
think the good people of the city of Washington
ought to thank them for coming here and thus in-
vesting their capital. I do not believe there is any
State in the Union which would not very gladly
invite capitalists, who reside without their limits,
to promote branches of industry and internal im-
provement like this. I do not regard it as a gra-
tuity to anybody in the world; but it is what, if
carried out, will be of public benefit and public
utility. Shall you give it to these corporators, or
shall you give it to the Metropolitan Railroad
Company? for I think it is narrowed down to
that. The Metropolitan Railroad Company has
had an existence of six years; and I ask the Sen-
ator from Maryland if they have done anything
save survey the route ?
Mr. PEARCE. That company has done noth-
ing, very little at ail events, except survey the
route; but, if the Senator will allow me, I will
state that they have been met by a difficulty en-
tirely unexpected, which was no fault of theirs.
The Corporation of Georgetown is a large sub-
scriber to this work. It subscribed $100,000. An
act, as I understand, passed the Council of that
city for preparing bonds, and then the Mayor of
the city refused to sign the bonds. That caused
great difficulty and stopped the progress of the
woik.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is, then, as I understood.
Nothing has been done of any account; at least
nothing beyond a mere survey of the road.
Mr. PEARCE. Contracts have been made.
Gentlemen speak about making the road. That
has not been done; but contracts have been made.
The report of the engineer shows that several
responsible-contractors offered to take contracts
at sums below the estimate for a portion of the
road, and the proposals stipulated for part pay-
ment in the stock and bonds of the company.
Mr. IiAMLlN. I do not see that that changes
the position which I took; I do not see that it
explains away what I understand to be the truth
of the matter, that there has been no expenditure
beyond that necessarily incurred in the survey
Qf the route. They may have made contracts;
but why have they not been'carried out? I sup-
pose becouse they have not funds. Now it is
known to members of the Senate that there are
members of that corporation who are of them-
selves amply able to build that railroad without
aid from anybody, if they please. Why have
they not done it? 1 think, from the investigation
and evidence presented to the committee, it is for
the simple reason, which was stated by the Sen-
tor from Maryland, [Mr. Kennedy,] that it is a
road'that never can be built, and never wiM be
built in the progress of time. It is a road in which
capitalists will never put their money; and unless
they can get bonds from some corporate body,
which the tax-paying portion of the community
must pay, they can do nothing. I came to the
conclusion, from the facts presented to the com-
jnittee, that it was a road which would never be
built. It, therefore, is not a case that presents
isclf here as appealing to our sympathies or our
judgment. It so appears to me.
But let me go a step further, and admit that that
road was built: what connection is there between
a railroad ovsr which lcB^motives pass and a
horse-railroad through a city? It is no part of
it; it does not belong to it; it is a different tiling.
Passengers must change cars to go through a city
on a horse-railroad. This company, if I under-
stand it, have now the authority to build through
the interior part of this city a track which will
connect them with the depot of the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad, over which they can run their
cars and their jocomotives. They have therefore
now, by law, all the authority which they would
ever want to build a road to connect the Metro-
politan road, with the Baltimore and Ohio road at
the depot. That power has been granted to them
by Congress; and it is a power they ought to have
most clearly. That was a railroad. This is a
horse-road. The fact that they wanted a railroad
connection befween Georgetown and the depot in
Washington, over which they could run their
locomotives, gives no reason, in my judgment,
why you should give them power to construct a
horse-road along Pennsylvania avenue. It'is no
part of the railroad business legitimately, and
they therefore cannot ask it on that ground.
What, then, ought to control? I think the equity
of this whole case lies in a nutshell. Mr. Yan-
derwerken didtiome into Congress and oppose the
laying down of a track along Pennsylvania ave-
nue when the city of Washington was against it
and everybody was against it; he came here and
remonstrated against it some years ago. Why?
He came into this city and found what you and
I, Mr. President, and all Senators who were here
six years ago, know; he found a miserable line of
omnibuses running semi-occasionally over this
avenue, running about when they pleased, when
they could get teams into them that would drag
an old omnibus along. He gave them what their
teams were worth; and if he gave them anything,
he gave them more than they were worth; he put
a very respectable line of omnibuses upon the
avenue, which I suppose cost at-(east $50,000—I
do not know what sum; I will not estimate it, but
a very large sum—on his own responsibility, and
he has run those omnibuses from that day to this
in a very creditable manner.
This bill,which is reported from the committee,
and which comes from the House of Represent-
atives, includes him, and takes care ot all the
equities that belong to him. Give it to the Metro-
politan Railroad Company, and they do not know
Mr. Vanderwerken. You put a horse-railroad
along the avenue, and you annihilate the omni-
buses, and it must necessarily cause a very con-
siderable saciifice. If you grant the power to
these persons who have asked it, with their as-
sociates, (and they are numerous in this city,) the
equities which belong to Mr. Vanderwerken are
taken care of. I think that consideration alone
might influence men, if there could be any doubt
about the matter.
Besides, assuming that there will be an etfort
on the part of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany to construct it, I do not believe any benefit
they could ever derive from this branch road, with
horse-power, would be worth two farthings to
them. In progress of time it may pay something;
but, in my judgment, now, and for a long period
of time, it cannot be made to pay, and the stock
will be worth nothing more than par, even if it
is worth that.
These are the considerations which led me to
the result at which I have arrived. I think there
is a great deal in the suggestion which was made
by the chairman of the committee—that if we are
desirous of havfng the road at all, the bill should
not be amended for any unimportant considera-
tion. If there are real defects in the bill, surely
it should be amended; but if there is no material
defect, I think it is wise to take the bill as it is,
reserving, as wc do, the power hereafter to alter,
amend, or annul itat our pleasure. I think, fiom
these considerations, that the committee-acted
properly; and I believe, certainly, that with one
or two exceptions, they were unanimous in their
action.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President, I do not in-
tend to take up much time. I know the Senate
is anxious to take a vote; but I am not entirely
satisfied with either the bill, or the amendment
which has been proposed. In the fiist place, I
do not think we have marked out a line of road
the most convenient to the public. I do not think
the nearest communication between the lailioad
depot, the Capitol, the President's house, the De-
partments, and Georgetown, will be along Penn-
sylvania avenue; but wlffie that is my opinion, I
am willing that those more immediately interested
shall decide that question. I see no reason why
we should now, by an act of special legislation,
mark out one railroad line through the city of
Washington. If we do it, next year jve shall
have an application for one on another street; and
then another company will apply for a line on
another street; and the company that may be
formed under the first act, will be here fighting for
a perpetuation of their monopoly; and tjbus we
shall, for the next five or ten years, be occupied;
with strifes between rival railroad coppwijss ftti,
the different streets. It seems to me that we had
better confer the power to regulate this matter on-
the corporations of the cities of Washington ,an|i
Georgetown, respectively? "and let them make
their railroads where they think the public inter-
ests require. Certainly, if Chese corporations are
competent to judge of improvements of every
other description and to regulate the running of
omnibuses on the streets and avenues, they may
provide for railroad omnibuses, as well -as any
other omnibuses. I do not understand the ne-
cessity of a special act granting this right to par-
ticular individuals for one street.. Then tilery
will be applications on another street, and then
another, and the company iirst established will
want to protect their monopoly against rivals;
and the consequence will be that the time of Con-
gress will be occupied in local legislation for tb&
District, which ought to be left to the corporate
authorities of the two cities. , For that reason, I
give notice that if the substitute of the Senator
fromsMaryland does not prevail, I shall offer one
which I hold in my hand,, to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert:
That the corporations of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown are hereby empowered to authorize such per-
sons and companies as they shall see proper to construct
and lay down a double-track railway, with the necessary
switches find turn-out*, and on such line of bireets and ave-
nues as they shall deem most conducive to the public con-
venience, with the right to run public carriages drawn by
hoist* power for the transportation ol passengers, receiving
therefor a rate of faie not exceeding iive cents per passen-
ger for any distance between the termini, and subject to
such regulations as to the rate of fare as Congress may,
from tune to tiine,prosciibe j and subject, also, to such reg-
ulations as the said cities may, from time fo timo,presrribo
within their respective limits: Provided. That Congress
hereby reserves the right to repeal or modify this act, and
to annul ali privileges granted under it whenever the public
interest may require.
By adopting this amendment, we get rid of the
subject now and forever. Any gentleman, then,
who wants to run an omnibus railroad track
through G street, Pennsylvania avenue, or any-
other street, may apply to the corporation and get
the privilege; and if it be true, as alleged, that the
grant we are about making is worth a premium
of $100,000 to whoever gets it, let the corporate
authorities here derive that premium themselves.
We get rid of deciding between speculating com-
panies; we get rid of all this local legislation now
and hereafter; and we grant the right where it
belongs, the local corporate authorities. I offer
this as a substitute for the entire bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, [Mr. Masom.]
The Chair does not yet consider it in order. The
amendment offered by the Senator from Mary-
land, is a substitute for the whole bill.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I shall offer this, if-that be
rejected.
Mr. BROWN. Although the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois is not in order, I desire
to say in reference to it and in connection with
what the Senator from Illinois has said, that, so far
as I am concerned, I am utterly opposed to it. I
am opposed to giving the corporate authorities of
Washington the right to run railroads wherever
they choose through the public grounds, along
the avenues, and everywhere else.
Mr. HUNTER. Along the streets ?
Mr. BROWN. But you have three streets al-
ready opened through the public mall. The ave-
nues are under the jurisdiction of Congress, and
those who will take the pains to look at the ori-
ginal grant, I think, will be brought very gravely
to doubt whether you have the power to part
with that jurisdiction. Thejurisdiction was vested
in Congress by the original grantors. I had oc-
casion, some years ago, to turn my attention to
the subject, and my,deliberate opinion then was,
that you had no powellfef alienation; that theju-
risdiction was vested in Congress for the common
benefit of the people of the United States; and
[ doubt very much whether Congress has the
power to part with it in this sort of way.
But waiving that question, if you have the right
to do it, what is to become of the whole question?
If you part with it at once, you part with it for-
ever. Parties under a general act of Congress, ob-
tain vested rights from the corporation, the most
enormous, the most abusive, the most corrupt, it
may be. i do not say it wilf*be so; but even if it
