1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the case of Judge Watrous.
Ho. of Reps.
be consolidated into one line of cavalry regiments,
(five,) for the tactics and equipment of which 1
suggest that the experience of a select board of
cavalry officers be consulted.
It is my duty to present the fact that reports
come to me from some quarters of the injurious
effects upon discipline produced by the neglect of
the law requiring that the troops shall be paid at
least once in two months, it being understood that
the pay department has not the number of depu-
ties necessary to approach regularity at any of
the more distant posts. Drunkenness, disorders,
and desertions are the consequences of the larger
payments, which are made at long intervals.
1 have the honor to be, sir, with high respect,
your obedient servant,
WINFIELD SCOTT.
To Hon. John B. Floyd, Secretary of War.
CASE OF JUDGE WATROUS.
Reports of 12ie Judiciary Committee.
Mr. Chapman, from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, submitted the following views vf a minority
of the committee:
The Committee on the Judiciary, to whom
were referred the petitions of Eliphas Spencer and
Jacob Mussina, for the impeachmentof John C.
Watrous, United States district judge for the dis-
trict of Texas, have had the same under consid-
eration, and the undersigned have resolved to
report favorably to the prayer of the petitioners.
Inasmuch as the committee are equally divided
on the question of impeachment, it is believed to
be proper to present a more detailed report than
"would otherwise have been deemed necessary.
The charges of misconduct against Judge Wat-
rous, se't forth in the memorial of Spencer, need
not be recapitulated.
It appears that, in the early part of the summer
of 1850, the Hon. John C. Watrous, being at the
time district judge of the United States court for
the district o't Texas, Thomas M. League called
at his house or office, in Galveston, and, in the
course of conversation, in substance stated that
he knew of an opportunity to engage in a specu-
lation, that promised to be very advantageous, in
lands lying on the Brazos river. It was then sug-
gested by Judge Watrous, on League's saying
he had not the necessary funds at hand, that he,
the judge, had friends in Alabama who would,
perhaps, like to ens-age in the speculation. It wavS
said by League that the title papers had been sub-
mitted to Jyidge Hughes, a lawyer of Galveston,
and he was satisfied the title was good. The par-
ties in Alabama referred to were addressed by let-
ter; and two of them, shortly afterwards, visited
the tract of land, which consisted of about sixty
thousand acres. They found persona in pos-
session of a portion of the land. Clearings had
been made, and, in one or two instances, valuable
improvements had been erected, especially by
Spencer. The persons referred to were Messrs.
Frow and Price, who, accompanied by League,
visited the land, and, on returning to Galveston,
consulted Judge Hughes as to the validity of the
title, made an arrangement with him "to bring
suit," and, having received a satisfactory opinion
from Judge Hughes on the title, returned to Ala-
bama.
About the 8th or 10th of July succeeding, Judge
Watrous and League arrived atSelma, Alabama,
and very soon afterwards a meeting took place
between them and Messrs. Frow, Price, Lapsley,
Pluttenburg, and Goldsby, all citizens of that
State. The object of this meeting was to make
arrangement concerning the purchase of the land
above mentioned. League had shortly before ob-
tained a conveyance to himself of the light and
title belonging to Sophia St. John, who was the
reputed owner. A day or two was passed in pre-
paring the papers and m consultation between
the parties in relation to their arrangement, Judge
Watrous being frequently present. An agreement
was finally entered into, substantially to the fol-
lowing effect: The legal Utie was vested in Laps-
ley. Trie executed an instrument having some
resemblance to a deed of trust, by which it
appears he held the property in trust for the sev-
eral parties. Himself, Frow, Price, Pluttenburg,
and Goldsby, to have one half in equal shares,
and the other half to belong to Judge Watrous
and League equally. This instrument has not
been recorded. The purchase money stipulated
to be paid was $7,000. This was to be paid in
order to enable League to comply with his con-
tract with the party of whom he purchased; he
having bought the property for little less than
that sum. A note was given by Judge Watrous
and League, amounting to $4,532, payable in five
years after date, with interest; being the consid-
eration for one half of the land held in trust by
Lapsley for them. This note has not yet been
paid, nor has any part of it. The deeds and ac-
companying papers were examined by Lapsley)
who is a lawyer; but it does not appear that the
copy of a certain power of attorney, said to have
been executed at Saltillo, Mexico, by Jose Maria
de Aguirre, Raphael Aguirre, and Thomas de la
Vega, to Samuel May Williams—an important
link in the chain of title—was produced; though
Judge Hughes testifies that when the muniments
of title were submitted to him for his opinion, it
was among them. Why this power of attorney
did not then accompany the papers is left unex-
plained. There were conversations respecting the
title in the presence of Judge Watrous, and he
participated in them; at one time remarking that
the title was good, and had been so pronounced
by Judge Hughes, whom he represented to be the*
best land lawyer in Texas, and he urged League
to sign a warranty of title, which Lapsley re-
quired.
In the fall succeeding, Lapsley gave directions
to Hughes to bring suits in the district court of
the United States at Galveston—the court in which
Judge Watrous was the sole judge—against the
persons in possession of the land, and said, in his
letter dated November 2, 1850:
'• A"3 Mi. T-i'mirne and Jucl^e Wattous are interested in
this land, 1 be  leave to ie(Vr you ro tliem in relation to any
matters relating to the bint to be brougut,'' Sec.
Eleven suits were brought—one of them against
the memorialist, Spencer. The suits were insti-
tuted on the 11th of January, 1851, at Galveston.
The defendants were summoned. Nothing was
done with the cases until January, 1852, when
they were transferred to Austin, as it is said, by
agreement of counsel. At the April term, 1851,
and May term succeeding, they were continued,
as appears by entries on the docket, and in one
instance the entry is m the handwriting of Judge
Watrous. It is stated on the docket that they
were transferred to Austin by agreement of coun-
sel; but Mr. Taylor, of counsel for nearly all of
the defendants, says he had no knowledge of this
entry having been made. Some time before, an
order transferring the cases had been entered on
the docket, but itomitted to state that it was done
by agieement of parties or their counsel, and when
discovered by Judge Watrous, he directed it to
be erased and another made, which alleged the
transfer to have been by agreement of counsel,
and also that he was interested personally, and
interested by reason of his connection by blood
with persons concerned in part of the subject-
matter in contest. It may be remarked, there is
no evidence that Judge Watrous was related to
any of the parties, though manyof the witnesses
were interrogated on that point. The cases re-
mained at Austin until November, 1854, when
they were certified by Judge Watrous to the dis-
trict court of the United States at New Orleans.
By way of explanation, it is proper to mention
that the transfer of the suits to Austin was applied
for by Mr. Taylor, counsel for the defendants,
Austin being within the district where the lands lie,
in which he was justified by the act of Congress.
At the time Lapsley acquired the legal title, he
declared his purpose to bring the suits m the
United States court in Texas, and intended they
should be removed out of that State for trial. His
letters written to Judge Hughes, the attorney em-
ployed, abundantly prove this, independently of
his evidence before the committee. And this must
have been the understanding of all the parties,
for, Judge Watrous being interested, it was known
he could not sit on the trial of the cases. Be-
sides, Lapsley says, in one of his letters to Judge
Hughes, dated Selma, Alabama, December 30,
1851:
" These considerations induced me to suppose (and so I
thought we all agreed at the time of the purchase) that it
would be better to have the ease tried in New Orleans than
anywhere else."
There is evidence to, show that this matter en-
tered into the consultations at Selma. On his
examination, in answer to the question, "Was
it mentioned in the course of the consultation at
Selma where the suits should be brought?'' he
replied," I think the thing was spoken of between
myself and my friends, I have no particular
recollection, but I presume it was spoken of. It
was a matterwhich I supposed was uncUrstood."
He was asked:" AVas it understood that the suits
should be brought in the United States court at
that time?" He answeredYes; and the first
information that I got of the contrary desire or
intention was from Judge Hughes, stating that
he preferred to have the suits tried in Texas. I
|jio not recollect anything definite on that subject,
further than that the matter was talked over. My
own opinion was very decidedly made up." And
he further says in his evidence: " I preferred it
for the reasons stated in my letter to League,
because I had understood that there was some
prejudice prevailing in Texas against titles of this
kind, and I was afraid to risk it before a local
jury."
But, aside of all other evidence, Judge Wat-
rous's knowledge of Lapsley's purpose is con-
clusively established by his friend, James Love,
the clerk of his court, who testifies that while he
was preparing the writs in the suits, Judge Wat-
rous came into his office and said, in substance:
" This is one of my cases; I am interested in this
case. You will lose your fees, because they will
have to go elsewhere to be tried." And he after-
wards says, this was one of the so-called Lapsley
cases. It will be recollected that the districtjudge
of Texas has district and circuit court powers;
that he is the sole judge and chancellor of the dis-
trict, and that his district included the whole State
at that time. There appears to have been no sur-
prise or dissatisfaction expressed by Judge Wat-
rous in the presence of the clerk when the writs
were being made out; nor do we hear of any pro-
test by him against the design of Lapsley at
Selma.
Under these circumstances it is impossible to
resist the conclusion that Judge Watrous fully
assented to the institution of the suits in his own
court—suits in which he was interested to the ex-
tent of a large fortune, as lie believed, judging
from his representations made to Major Holman
in a conversation that took place between them
some months afterwards. And such being his
estimate of the amount at stake, it is impossible
to believe that he held no conferences with Judge
Hughes, his lawyer and near neighbor, on the sub*
ject, whom, at a later day, he instructed to bring
suits against the same defendants in the State
courts, at Waco, thereby assuming control over
the business himself. But of this direction and
the probable reason for it, it will become neces-
sary to speak hereafter.
That these suits, in which Judge Watrous was
interested to the extent of one fourth of nearly
sixty thousand acres of land, were brought in the
court of which he was the sole judge, with his
knowledge and consent, admits of no doubt. This
fact being established, the necessity of inquiring
how far he is to be held accountable for the aefs
of his attorney (Hughes being counsel for him,
as well as his partners) is dispensed with. As
there were State courts in which these suits might
have been brought and tried, and,eventually,de-
cided by judges who have received the commend-
ations of Judge Watrous, it follows there must
have been a special motive for their institution in
his court. A motive is disclosed by Lapsley, in
his letter to Judge Hughes. The former wished
to avoid a trial before a Texan jury. He also
says he wished to have the advantage of the judg-
ment of the Supreme Court of the United States.
If the latter was one of his reasons he must have
believed there would be protracted litigation, if
the first aided m producing a motive, then it is of
importance to know whether that motive oper-
ated with JudgeWatrous, and if it did, was itjust-
ifiable, or was it consistent with the purity that
should ever attend the high judicial position lie
held.
Did Judge Watrous assent to the institution &C
