48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December,
35th Cong....2d Seks.
Report on the case of Judge Watrous.
Ho. of Reps.
these suits in his own court, in order that they
might be moved out of the State, and, thereby,
trials before Texan juries be avoided ?
In the solution of this question, our attention
is recalled to the fact that the first time we hear of
this speculation in the Brazos lands was at Judge
Watrous ®s own house, in Galveston, in a conver-
sation between himself, League, and Shearer, the
brother-in-law of Price, one of the subsequent
parties; and the suggestion that persons in Ala-
bama should be applied to for the purpose of unit-
ing in the speculation emanated from Judge Wat-
rous. League was a man of wealth, though pro-
fessing at the time not to be well supplied with
available means. Still he was (he owner of largo
estates in land,and itis singular the sum of $7,000 !
could not have been obtained in Galveston or
some of the cities of Texas upon the security he
was abundantly able to have furnished. No e^
forts appear to have been made in that direction,
but the suggestion of Judge Watrous was at once
adopted. Shearer wrote to his brother-in-law.
Judge Watrous also wrote to Alabama. Lapsley
was an old acquaintance of his. League was a
stranger to the parties there. Thus it was, that
instead of using even moderate efforts to obtain
the money necessary to secure the whole of this
prize, which was estimated by League to be of
immense value, and the title to which, according
to the opinion of Judge Hughes, the best land
lawyer in Texas, if not in the United States, had
pronounced to be valid, or instead of seeking for
partners in Texas, others at the distance of hun-
dreds of miles are brought in to share in this mi no
of wealth. Few men in Texas were more deeply
impressed with the idea, whether well grounded
or not, that (here was a strong prejudice existing
among a large portion of the people of that State
against what were known as the Mexican grants
or concessions. Tiie title under which the land
in dispute in these suits was held was one of them.
He has adverted to this fact, though in another
connection, in his answer to one of the memorials.
These circumstances, added to the avowed pur-
pose of Lapsley, which Judge Watrous could
scarcely have lulled to have heard, together with
the reasonable conjecture that he must have had
with the attorney, Judge Hughes, some conver-
sation on the subject, force the conclusion that
one of his purposes in assenting to the use of his
court was, that the trials might not be had before
Texan juries.
Whether the prejudice complained of existed or
not is immaterial, it by no means followed that
a jury of honest men, free from all bias, could not
bo obtained. Jurors in Texas did render verdicts
sustaining these Mexican grants—as was the case
in Ufford vs. Dykes, Hancocks. McKinney, and
others—both ui the Federal and State courts. The
citizens of Texas had by law a right to the trial
of their suits in their own cburts, unless com-
menced by citizens of other States; and any ar-
rangement made for the purpose of depriving
them of that right would, if discovered, be held
nugatory; and when engaged in by a party and a
judge, in his own court, can be viewed in no
other light than as criminal in a high degree.
It is worthy of consideration that the legal title
to this property was vested in Lapsley alone.
Judge Watrous had a much greater interest than
Lapsley, and consequently was equally a party,
though not of record, in his own court. Dut his
interest was not disclosed in the deed to Lapsley.
itmay be asked, why not ? and why was not the
deed of trust recorded ? League says:
"Afterthe Miits weie brought, I then thought that! would
not putit upon iccotd, because i would not give a s uok to
break my own bead with.'5
If Judge Watrous, being a citizen of Texas,
had held the legal title in common with the other
parties, the suits could not have been maintained
in the United States comt. It is said the arrange-
ment vesting the legal title alone m Lapsley was
made to avoid embarrassing the recoid or to en-
able the parties to facilitate the execution of deeds
to purchasers. These allegations are not consid-
ered entirely satisfactory.
But it is proper to return to the question of mo-
tive. Suppose Judge Watrous had none such as
is imputed to him. Is he then excusable? He
permitted the suits to be brought in his own court,
knowing they must be certified to New Orleans.
He knew the defendants must lose the chance of
a trial before a jury of the vicinage. He knew if
all had been fair and open, and he had stood be-
fore the world a legal party, these people could
not have lost that chance. He knew that the tri-
bunal for the trial of the cases would be brought
far nearer to his partners in the speculation, but
several hundred miles further removed from the
residence of the defendants, who, for the most
part, were in humble circumstance and little able
to contend with a combination of men of wealth,
of intelligence, and some of them of official posi-
tion. Being a party in interest and the judge of
the court, his course was a plain one. The mo-
ment he discovered the clerk preparing the writs,
while it is notadmitied he hud no previous knowl-
edge on the subject, he should have countermand-
ed the orders of Judge Hughes or waited on him
and protested against the proceeding.
Me chose, at a subsequent date, to use the name
of Lapsley, for plaintiff, in the institution of suits
against the same defendants in the State court at
Waco. This was the exercise of control quite
equal to a direction that the pict>cip(e or petitions
in his own court should be withdrawn, or that
the suits should be at once discontinued. But no,
he suffered the writs to be made out without pro-
test, and the suits to be fairly launched in his own
court. In this connection it will be remembered
thatLapsley, in hisielter to Hughes respecting the
institution of the suits, expressly refers him to
the judge and League "in ielation toany matteis
relating to the suit to he biought,'1 &c. It is ttue
that some tune afterwards, when the suits were on
(ho docket, and his interest had become the sub-
jcctofreinark, he expressed himselfin very strong-
language against the propriety of touching them.
Still they were in his court, and on the road to
New Orleans. Had he teally entertained the re-
pugnance to touch the cases, which the emphatic
remark attributed to him by some of the witnesses
would lead us to suppose he did, it is strange it
did not manifest itseli to the cletk, or to Hughes,
and at once produce a discontinuance of the eases
in his court, and lead to the institution of the
suits in tin1 State court. Why should he he embar-
rassed by these suits, over which he had a control
as apart y, and about the commencement of which
it was directed he should be consulted ? Why not
assert his authority, and get rid of them and the
displeasure their presence on the docket was sure
to occasion by intercepting their passage across
the thieshold of his court? But no; however of-
fensive to him, they still remained there. In 1852,
suits against these same defendants were brought
by Hughes at the instance of Judge Watrous in
the State court at Waco, the scat of justice in the
county where the lands are, but nearly two years
after the suits were brought in his own court. By
the evidence of Major Liolman, it was in this
city, and so far as appears in the absence of Laps-
ley, and without his knowledge, Judge Watrous
borrowed of him $'200 to be given to Hughes,
who was also here, to defray theexpensesm bring-
ing these suits at Waco. Hughes was instructed
to proceed on that, mission, and he did. Why
were these suits brought, and never to this day
pressed to trial? With them there was no neces-
sity to wait several years to procure some lawyer
who would consent to act as judge.
It appears that Judge Watrous was in this city
in 185:2, attending to an investigation into his
official conduct upon charges preferred by Mr.
Alexander, a lawyer of Texas, and though his
interest in the Lapsloy cases was not referred to
in Alexander's memorial, it was brought before
the committee by that gentleman. Circumstances
lead to the impression that the direction given by
Judg-e Watrous to Hughes, to bring the suits m
the State court at Waco, followed very soon after
this charge made by Alexander. Hughes, in his
testimony, says Judge Watrous wished the suit
brought in the State court in order that the ques-
tion might be determined there, " so that he might
not be subject to imputation." This evidence is
suggestive. But still the suits in his own court
were not discontinued. It is said they were
awaiting the decision in another casein the State
court, involving the same question, and because
no lawyercouldbe found to sit as judge. It will
be seen that Hughes said, shortly before the cases
were removed to New Orleans, J\Ir. Taylor would
not agree to his proposition to have a judge protem-
pore^ and he would send the cases to New Orleans.
The inquiry again suggests itself, why were not
the suits at Waco pressed to a trial ? There was
no occasion to wait for Mr. Taylor there. Why
were no steps taken to obtain a trial of them from
the period of their institution in 1852, to Decem-
ber, 1854, when the suits were removed from
Austin to New Orleans; or why has nothing been
done with them up to the present time?" But
Judge Hughes held on to the suits in the district
court, and they finally reached their destination.
This project to select a gentleman of the bar to
act as judge may have been made in good faith.
It was earnestly protested against, however, by
Lapsley, who held the legal tide, and is now rep-
resented by Judge Watious and League as hav-
ing the whole control and direction of the suits.
Whose orders was Judge Hughes obeying ? Were
the parties embarrassed as well as their lawyer?
Was Judge Watrous unwilling to 44 touch" the
suits? -'Would he have ordered their discontin-
uance, but for Lapsley ? Had the chaige made
by Alexander before the committee produced any
cm barrassment?
it is said Judge Watrous disclosed his interest
at the first or second term after the suits were
brought. It is not very material when this took
place. Officers about the court were aware of his
interest, but it was not generally known. It was
not known by the defendants, or their counsel,
until some time after the suits were brought; to
some of the defendants, not until about the time
they were certified to New Orleans; and by all,
according to the testimony, in the first place the
interest was understood to be an interest resulting
from relationship to some of the parties. Audit
is questionable if this interest was known to Tay-
lor, counsel for defendants, or why should he
make the application to have the suits sent to
Austin for trial? J udge Watrous presided there.
If all the defendants had come in and agreed to
the substitution of a lawyer as a judge, it is rea-
sonable to suppose Judge Watrous by that means
expected to wash his hands of the business; or if
the suits could have been discontinued and those
brought at Waco tried, lu\ mi^ht then have
thought he would be relieved from the apprehen-
sions he entertained in reflecting upon the charge
made by Alexander, but both a trial before a judge
pro tempore and a trial at Waco were against the
wishes of Lapsley. All these circumstances, oc-
curring after the institution of the suits at Gal-
veston, can have little shai e iri exonerating Judge
Watrous from the imputation of a motive in ac-
cordance with that which governed Lapsley, and
do not at all contradict the charge that he in the
beginning assented to the preliminary steps taken
to accomplish the former's motive, whether he
was actuated by uor not. In either point of view
ins conduct was criminal. It may be stated as
an additional reason for the delay in transferring
the suits to the district court at New Oileans, that
the power of attorney alleged to have been granted
by Jose Maria de Aguiric, Raphael de Aguirre,
and Thomas de la Vega, needed authentication.
The original was represented to be among the
archives at Saltiilo; a copy said to have been cer-
tified by Juan Gonzales, called a testimoniot was
on hie in the land office at Austin. It was with-
drawn from the office by Judge Hughes, Decem-
ber 18, 1854. It was proved on the 23d February,
1855, by Dr. Hewitson, a citizen of Saltiilo, and
a suitor in JudgeWatrous'scourt,at the instance
of Judge Hughes, by his testifying to the signa-
tures of Gonzales and of the subscribing wit-
nesses. The suits were ordered to be removed to
New Orleans in November, 3854, but the records
were not filed there until the 9th of April follow-
ing, and after Hewitson's deposition had been
taken. The power of attorney above mentioned,
as will hereafter appear, is represented to be a
forgery so far as relates to Thomas de la Vega,
the reputed grantor of the land in question, and
Raphael de Aguirre, one of his associates in the
concession. The following paragraph is extracted
from Judge Watrous's answer to Spencer's me-
morial:
"I was anxious, when it became necessarv to sue, that
the litigation should be had in the courts of the State, and
mqujred of Judge Hughes, how much it would cost to bimg
the suits and commence the litigation in the State rotirt-
He stated to me that $000 would be enough) and I paidlum
