G70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
be so, you can never undo it. Why ? Because
it is not a grant of your own in which you re-
serve the right to annul the contract,>but it is a
contract made by a sccond party, whom you au-
thorize to contract, with which you have nothing
ta do; and which, having been done under your
authority, you must respect, no matter what it is. ,
I can see that this kind of business might lead to j
enormous abuses. If you want to give the cor- ;
poration of Washington the right to run a rail- i
road under their own restrictions, along a panic- .
ular avenue, do that much; but do not throw the
whole thing open, do not part with the power
which belongs to you and with which you ought
not to part, so far as the rights of the Govern-
ment are conccrned in this city. Suppose yon pass
the proposition in that form, and the city chooses
not only to put down one raiiroad, but two or
three, on Pennsylvania avenue: how are you to
undo it? Suppose they run their railroads in
places where the Government convenience for- j
bids they should be: how are you going to pre- !
vent it? 'If there be a street or an avenue any-
where on which any one would like to have a
monopoly, and he can get the corporation of
Washington to grant it to him, he has it in perpe-
tuity under this proposition. I am opposed to it.
I think it very much better that the Govern-
ment should maintain its jurisdiction, the juris-
diction given to it by the original proprietors
and which, as I said before, I do not beUcve they
have the power to alienate, even if they chose to
do so.
Now,sir, in reference to the main proposition:
as I said at the outset of this discussion, 1 was
originally opposed to any raihoad on Pennsylva-
nia avenue. I think it is destined to become, un-
less destroyed by unwise legislation, the most
beautiful street, for its length, in the world; and
every one of these movements upon it I regard
with distrust, as leading to results not originally
contemplated, and not called for by any public
exigency. I would rather have no road upon the.
avenue; but if you are determined to put one there,
I think these parties have claims which do not
belong to any other parties. Mr. Vanderwerken
I know very slightly; I think I nevei exchanged
half a dozen words with him in all my life. The
little I have seen of him impressed mo with the
idea that he was a modest and retn ing gentleman;
but, what did he do > ft is true, he came here from
the State of New Yotk; it is true that, by his en-
terprise, he put a line of omnibuses on the ave-
nue, from the Capitol gate to Georgetown. He
did it when it was an experiment; when it re-
quire a man of energy^ who was willing to risk
his tm>ney in private enterpi ise. These gentlemen
who arc now petitioning for the privilege of build-
ing this road m opposition to lum, were here; but
tl^eir enterprise did not lead them to risk that
much. The line of omnibuses turned out to be
a great public convenience. Mr. Vanderwerk-
en #s next step was to go to the House of Repre-
sentatives, and propose to substitute his line of
omnibuses by railroad cars. By his skill, his in-
genuity, his energy, his manliness, his enterprise,
and all that marks a man, he got his bill through
the House of Representatives. lie brought it to
the Senate, and 1 feel responsible for its defeat,
because, at the last session of Congress, if I had
given up my objection to the passage of the bill
for a railroad along the avenue, Ins bill would
, have gone through without objection.
Finally, other gentlemen seem to be waking up
to the realization of the great fact developed by
this rpan's enterprise, that a railroad on the ave-
nue will bo profitable, and then they come in and"
propose, to do what? To take the benefit of this
man's labor, say what you please about him. '
They propose tu bieak down his enterpi ise, to de- ,
stroy his line of omnibuses, to render utterly i
worthless the stock which ho has put upon it at j
great cost, and to do it by superseding his line of I
omnibuses by the very railroad which he himself:
projected. j
Mr. PEAItCE. If the Senator from Missis-!
sippi will allow me, I will answer that objection
of his by adding another section to my substitute.
Mr. BROWN. That is answering the objec-
tion at a very late hour. It fs answering the ob-
jection when the argument is made. The liber-
ality of these pai ties did not permit them to insert
it Until they were called upon to answer it.
Mr; ©AVIS. Will my colleague permit me to
interrupt him ? I will state./that the proposition
was made to't$ke the whole«of his stock.at a price
to be appraised by disinterested persons. A let-
ter was sent to me showing that fact within a day
or two.
Mr. BROWN. I have not heard of it before,
and I am chairman of the committee.
Mr. PEARCE. An amendment which I have
added to my substitute provides for that.
Mr. BROWN. Well,it i'sin now; but it comes
very late. I hold that every man is entitled to the
rewards of his labor, and that the man who had
enterprise to come here from a foreign State,
though that State may be New York, and put a
line of omnibuses on Pennsylvania avenue, and
make it, in despite of distrust everywhere, suc-
cessful; who had the enterprise, the skill, the in-
genuity, and the manlme§s to go to the House of
Representatives and get his bill through there, and
bring: it here, and have it upon the very eve of
passing, is not to he routed by men coming in at
this late hour.
I should be opposed to granting this franchise
to anybody if I had any hope of being sustained;
but it it be granted at all, I«do not hesitate to say
that these parties are better entitled to it than any
others; and the party least entitled to it is the
Metropolitan Railroad Company—a company
who have had legislative grants for years, but
have never exercised them, not because they were
poor and unable to do it, but because they would
not put their money into it. That is true about
them. They had the money; they have got it
now; and if they had chosen to do so, they could
have built their Metropolitan railroad. Now,sir,
when I am brought up to the point of speaking
plainly, I must say what I honestly think. This
Metropolitan Rmlroad Company means to build
a railroad through the city of Washington, and
there stop. They mean to take away from Van-
derwerken & Co. the fruits of their well-earned
labor, and they mean to do nothing more; else
six years would not have been allowed to pass
away without having done more than they have
done.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I have nothing to say about
Mr. Vanderwerken or any of the parties to this
bill. I have not the pleasure of a personal ac-
quaintance with them. I presume they have all
the enterprise, energy, and other high qualities
claimed for them by the Senator from Mississippi.
With that I have nothing to do. Nor do I know
anything about the condition, the objects, or the
purposes of the Metropolitan Railway Company.
1 do not know whether they intend to make their
road or not, or whether this grant would facili-
tate them in doing it, or whether it is an ingenious
contrivance, as hinted by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, for them to get possession of this city
road; but I do believe that the grant of an omni-
bus route through the city is a municipal affair
•that ought to be left to the Corporation of the
city of Washington within its own limits.
Now, with regard to the objection to our right
to cede or alienate these streets; I do not propose
to alienate them. It is a question of use, and not
of alienation. That use is already granted by the
charter to the District cities. 1 am inclined to
think that the cities now, under their charters, have
the right to provide for these omnibus railroads
without any consent from Congress. It involves
no different principle to authorize the running of
an omnibus on rails, than it does an omnibus on
an ordinary street. The city of Washington now
regulates the running of omnibuses on Pennsyl-
vania avenue. It may provide that they shall "be
run by two, or four, or six horses. It may pro-
vide that they shall run only so fast or so slow.
It may provide that they shall keep the center of
the street, or this side, or that side of it. It is a
matter of regulation. The same right that allows
the privilege of regulating omnibuses of the or-
dinary kind, would, in my opinion, include rail-
road omnibuses; but, in order to make it clear
and specific, I am willing to say that this power
is vested in the Corporations of Washington and
Georgetown. The streets, then, will be public
streets, the same as they are now. 1 not propose
to alienate them, but simply to give the power
of regulation, where it ought to be m all municipal
charters, to the people interested in them. That
is all the principle involved. It introduces no
new principle, no new construction.
If there shall grow up under this grant of
power, enormous companies, as the Senator from
Mississippi intimates may be the case, the rem-
edy is clear. • We reserve the right to repeal, or
modify, or annul any privilege that may be ob-
tained at any time under this grant. We do not
thereby give up any^control we have under the
Constitution over the* District of Columbia. The
simple point is, shall we designate one line and
allow particular persons to enjoy it as a monop-
oly, reserving all rival lines and withholding the
privilege from everybody else. There are other
parts of the city of Washington that will need an
omnibus railroad just as much as Pennsylvania
avenue. In my opinion, there are other parts of
it now that require it more. My opinion is that
a road running from the railroad depot and the
Capitol to G street, thence along G street, con-
necting with the Interior Department and Post
Office Department, and then by the Tieasury and
State Departments to Georgetown, would accom-
modate the public better than one running on
Pennsylvania avenue; but the city of Washing-
ton may think otherwise, and [ am willing that
those who have charge of the subjcct and are
most interested in it shall fix the location.
I am certain that one road will not be enough.
When you have one, there will be another asked
for, and another, and another. Legislation for
railroads in cities is occupying a great deal of
time in Philadelphia,New York, and othercities,
and if they must go to the Legislature every time
they want a new omnibus line to be run in the
form of a raiiroad, you might as well send them
there for any other kind of omnibus. My object
is, to get rid of the question m Congress now
and forever, and to prevent any monopoly that
will have its agents here next year, trying to de-
feat the construction of a new lailroad. This is
not the only one that will be wanted; but if you
grant one and withhold the privilege from any-
body else, we shall have these contests every year.
If, however, we grant the general power to the
city authonties, which I think, is fairly embraced
in their piesent charters, we arc done with it for-
ever, and let the respective interests fight it out
among themselves, before the corporate authori-
ties.
Mr. WILSON. I assented, Mr. President,
to the report of this bill, and 1 shall vote for it
most cheerfully. The Senator from Illinois, I
suppose, regards this as a " domestic question,*"
and he wants the people of the city of Washing-
ton to be left " perfectly free" to regulate the
whole matter for themselves. I agree with the
chairman of the committee, that we had better
keep this question where it belongs, in the Con-
gress of the United States; and the last place on
earth I would trust ^question of this kind would
be in the Common Council of this, or any other
city.
That there should be a contest over a matter
like this, will surprise no one. These gentlemen
come to Congress and ask the power to run a
horse-railroad along Pennsylvania avenue for two
or three miles, to accommodate travel. That is
ail there is about it. There is an idea that it is to
be vastly piofitable; and we are told here to-day
that it is worth tens, if not hundreds, of thou-
sands of dollars. Well, sir, in New York, in
Boston, in cuics north, we have these horse-rail-
roads—railroads that carry four or five to one
passenger that will be carried along the avenue
in this city; and they make no such enormous
profit. I do not believe a road along Pennsyl-
vania avenue will make such enormous divi-
dends. The idea broached in the Senate of the
United States, or anywhere else, that a two mile
horse-railroad in the city of Washington is to
make such great profits as to enable its owners to
build forty miles of railroad in a poor section of
country, is supremely ridiculous. Even if such
were the case, what is this amendment of the
Senator from Maryland? Why, it is a proposition
to tax the inhabitants of the. city of Washington
and the visitors to the city of Washington, to
build a railroad running forty miles from this city.
I have paid some little attention to this subject,
for early in the session I was approached in regard
to the Metropolitan road by its friends. I have
given the subject some care and attention, and I
say here to-day, that this Metropolitan Railroad
Company is a myth; it cannot and will not build
a road, whether you give u the right to build a
horse*railroad in this city or not. They have-no
