1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
money as a corporation. They haveexisted for
years; they do notinterrd to build that road. They
would not take the road there if you built it and
gave it to them, and compelled them to run it.
There is another taatter that settles the ques-
tion of the Metropolitan railroad. There is a road
being constructed in.Virginia. Just let it be con-
nected with Georgetown, and reach the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad,"and that settles the question
forever against the construction of the Metropol-
itan railroad. It is a closed question. It is antici-
pated that the Virginia road will soon be comple-
ted, connecting Georgetown with the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad at Piedmont. That closes the
question, and there will be no Metropolitan rail-
foad built under any circumstances.
It is said here to-day, that the persons who ask
for the privilege of constructing this road under
the bill live outside of the District.' Pray, do not
the owners of the Metropolitan railroad live out-
side of the District? Did not they go to the Legis-
laure of Maryland, seven years ago, for an act
of mcorpoiation? Certainly. It has been proved
to-day, on the statement of ex-May or Lenox, that
a majority m amount, and a majority m number, i
of those who ask for this grant, live in the city ;
<if Washington. |
If theJVJetropoIitan Railroad Company, or any j
other company, had come to Congress as J ho last j
session and earned a bill through the House of I
Representatives, I should have voted for that bill •
most cheerfully. I do not care what company !
has it as an original question; but these gemlc-
men came here at the last session of Congress;
they carried their bill through the House of Rep-
resentatives; that bill is lestrictedj it keeps the
whole power in Congress; you may repeal, alter,
or modify it, at your pleasure; and that a horse-
railroad, running aion^ L-Wmsvl van la avenue, will
accommodate the people of this city, no man can
doubt. All over the cities of the North, even in
the narrow stieets of the city of Boston, they
have established lines of horse-railroads. They
are admitted, on all hands, to be a great conve-
nience to the people; and in portions of those
cities, where they were for years resisted, the
vt-ry men who resisted then conduction are now
morit earnest in favor of continuing them, because
they arc accommodating to the public.
You have a brorid avenue here. The Senator
from lihnojs thinks that it is not a place for a
horse-radroad. He would li ivc it go up to Gf
street I ask the Senator jf he does not believe
that more than one hundred passengers pass along
Penn.svhania avenue whcic one person passes
along G street? The travel in the city of Wash-
ington is upon the avenue. This road goes upon
the avenue to accommodate the people. The
avenue is the place, of all others, forthe construc-
tion of a railroad of thia character; and if, here-
after, you want a hoise-railroad on any other
avenue of this city, where it will accommodate
the public undi r ccrtain limitations and restric-
tions, give them that, right. I will give them the
right to establish a railroad v/hcrmer it will ac-
commodate the people. There is no reason why
it should not b#done. I believe the construction
of the road will be beneficial. I therefore shall
vote for the bill as it came from the committee;
and, in doing po-, i care nothing about the indi-
viduals who have asked either for the original '
hill or for the subsiitute. It is not strange that j
opposition should be made to the original bill. If!'
a bill to give this piivilege to the Metropolitan !|
Railroad Company had come here first, we should, 'j
probably, have had other parties, who had got !i
the notion into their heads that a great deal "of !!
money was to be made out of it, opposing it, and '■
we should have had lobby <tgenis, us we have now, :|
on all sides—for on all these question, wheie it is 'i
supposed there is one dollar in issue, you will ,!
have these gentlemen around you, infesting the ii
Capitol. They have a right to come here, I ad- !
mit, and I will pay dl properdeference to them; but ; j
for myself, I choose to be (Controlled by my own ij
sense of duty. **
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I feel no ii
sort of partiality for or against either of these IS
contesting companies, if they may be so called.
I know nothing about either of them. My prin- i
cipal object in rising is to express my entire ob- J-
jection to the proposition of the Senator from ;!
Illinois. Whatever else you do,to whomsoever '!
you may choose to give this grant, 1 beg that it may i j
not be given to the corporations of Washington
and Georgetown, or either of them; for I think it
could not be in worse hands, not only for the
bem fit15f the undertaking itself, but with regard
to their own good.
In the first place, I feel very much as the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, who reported
the bill, does, that we have no right, and cer-
tainly we ought not, in my judgment, to part with
our power over the streets of this city, except so
far as the use of them in the ordinary course of
business is concerned. The result of adopting
the proposition of the Senator from Illinois will i
be the same as, or worse than, it has been in all [
other cities where the corporations have power .
over matters of this description. The effect will *
be entirely to demoralize the individuals compos- '
ing the corporation, indi vidualiy and collectively. 1
I do not believe in the idea of their making money
out of it; and if they could, it is not the" proper
way for municipal corporations to make money. ■
But, sir, if you gave to the corporation the (
power to grant these charters, or permits, or li- ■
censes, or whatever youph-use to call them, for
the conscruction of railroads through the streets
of this cuy, you would have a scene such as has
been wUnes.«i:d el«ow hcie, I believe often, cer-
tainly in Now York, of contcst and contention,
and bribery and corruption, and trading and bar-
gaining, and quarrels which might, and probably
would, result in putting money into the pockets
of the individual members of the corporation, and
not into the hands of the corporation for the ben-
efit of the city itself. I have never seen any good
come of the exercise of such a power, except the
general good from having the thing itself in ex-
istence. We have the power to regulate these
matters, to grant these charters. It is oar right
to judge, and we have the ability to judge, where
a railroadis needed, and to grt*nt a cliai tor,if we
think it best. 1 do not think there is any very
great danger of our being corrupted in ouraction
on such questions. To say the least, there are
too many of us m the two branches of Congress
to justify anv such suspicion, jjut if you leave
it to the corporation to do tins, it becomes a mat-
ter of so much importance, especially if uistobe
a money-making concern, that individual mem-
bers of the corporation would get mixed up in it,
and the u-sult would be a great doubt whether
you had a well-regulated company, and if you
had, avc-y smous evil ciTect would be pioduced
upon the government of the city. For these con-
siderations i hope the matter will not be placed
in their hands. Keep them from it, and let them
attend to their legitimate duties as the corpora-
tion of the city having the control nt the cuy.
I will say a word or two in reference to the
subject as it strikes mv mind, not with any veiy
great confidenco that I am light, but as a mere
expression of my opinion. The question is, m
tnc first place, are w<- in fivnr of having a horse-
railroad through Pennsylvania avenue ? I take it
there is no very great difference of opinion about
that. Experience has tested the exti eme value of ]
such roads. 1 liese horse-railroads are less dan- [
gerous in point of fact when w 11 managed, than |
ordinary omnibuses. They run in a line that is !
defined; they aie a grent deal more convenient: !
tlu yean run oi'ieu*'r; and they have been proved !
and found to ho beneficial whrie/'-r they have \
beenus-d in large cities. Experience has settled i
the question; it is no longer an open question, that i
well-rc<rula!Od horse-railroads are exceedingly 1
valuable m streets where th'Te is sufficient room i
for them, in lar^e citics wIk-to there are many ;
people coming and g<>mg. It is agieat public con- ;
vemence; and the tact that it, may be piofiubioto ;
those who have the charter, do.-a not make any !
very great diderence with me, because I am per-
fectly willing that men who go into tins business ;
should make money out of it, if money is to be ;
made. It does not hurt my feehngs at all to see .
that result follow. " !
It is manifest to everybody, that (here is no !;
street which affords better facilities for such a r|
railroad than Pennsylvania avenue. It is a sfreet , I
ot great width. I do not like to see it set apart ij
for the purposes particularly of ornament or'!
beauty; and, indeed, I do not know of anything
that is more beautiful, in si large public street,
than to see it made useful, and so regulated as to ;
accommodate the purpose for which the street
was made originally, it is too much of a thor- J
oughfare and too much of a |jlace ofibasiness,
ever to assume a merely beautifulk;
(I appearance ««
a street, separate from its great; witkli a«ii! con-
venience, which are the principal orn tti«rtts *of
the street. It is the principal thorougfcfa'W&rfd
the principal-business place oftho city ,and there-
fore, the proper place for such aj roaii.i'..
That being the case, it is obvious that, we ought
to have this road, if it is desirable, as satin. as
possible. By passing this bill, whitih is now'be-
fore the Senate, we shall probably hava it under-
taken at once. Suppose you defeat the bill, or
adopt the amendment, the result is that we have
n'o bill at all at this session; we leave the contest
over to the next Congress; we multiply the ap-
plicants; we multiply the number of those wfctJ
become claimants for this charter, and we post-
pone for u long period of time the settlement of
, the question which we can a's well settle now
i without involving ourselves in some of, tnose dif-
I-Acuities which the Senator from flhiKJis ahtioi-
j pates with regard to tile solicitations from A-, B,.
j C, and D, this company and that, hereafter. So,
] then, with reference to Laving the thing done and
i having it done at once or speedily, the probabil-
! ity is, and the names given arpsufficient guaran-
I tee, as I am told, for it, that we shall have a rari-
! load within a reasonable time; and it does not
j make any very great difference to us, I imagine,
| who builds it; it certainly does not to me. 1 do
j lint care in that particular whether it is built by
j Mr. liayard Clarke, and his associates, or whether
i it is built by the Metropolitan Railroad Company,
] or some other company, so that we get it, and so
1 that we get it in season. '■
These are the great objects so far as we are
concerned; and I apprehend that ill legislating
here on such a question, we have fel'ercnce to the
convenience of the city of Washington rather than
| to the convenience or profit of people out of the
: city connected with other matters. I presume
that both these companies are sufficiently merito-
rious. The argument, however, is adduced that
we ought to direct our legislation for the benefit
ofa particular chartered company in the State of_
Maryland, who desire to build a railroad within
the limits of that State. -I am not particularly fa-
vorable to the railroad companies of Maryland,
judging from the main one over whose road we
travel, which is built, I believe, upon the princi-
ple that every stranger who comes into the State,
and has occasion to use it, must pay a certain sum
to support the State government. I believe that
is the principal designating mark of the railroad
between here and Baltimore. I suppose that in
regard to the railroad m question, there is no pro-
vision that people who live out of the State shall
each pay the State half a dollar for the privilege
of passing over it 011 a railroad. Be that as it
may, the Metropolitan company, a corporation
outside of this city, interposes in this matter. I
have no objection to it on that account; but I have
an objection to connecting a matter inside of the
city With that road, so as to make it dependent
upon it. One of two things must be true; either the
Metropolitan Railroad Company design to build
this particular railroad through Pennsylvania
avenue by itself and of itself, or they design to
make it, as lias been argued here, subservient to
their purposes under the Maryland charter. !f
they design simply to build a lailsoad through
Pennsylvania avenue, as stated, 1 think, by the
Senator from Mississippi, they have no claims
supeiior to the association of individuals named
in the bill before us. Supposing their claims to
b" the same, one has a bill which has passed the
House of Representatives, and may be passed at
once here and put into operation, and .the other
ha:, 110 bill before us, and it-is uncertain whether
it could succeed in passing one 111 theTJouse or
not. At any rate, it issubject to delay, and all the
inconvenience that jnust result from the delay.
Shall we, for that reason, defeat this bill ? If it
designs to do what its advocates argue, and that
is, make this subservient to the Maryland road,
that is sufficient ground for me to oppose it. No
minor undertaking ever stands a fair chance when
it is subject to the convenience and profits of a
larger one, especially one the success of wKich,
from its very nature and character, must be doubt-
ful.
What is the argument here? Why, here is
this Metropolitan Railroad Company; it has been
chartered for six years; it has had no success; it
