w -
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29.
]«sdonenothingb-ut survey a route; it cannotgo
any further; the road will not-pay; it is not prac-
ticable; and, if practicable, it is not profitable;
and now,-when we $re legislating for the city of
Washington, for a railroad through Pennsylva-
nia avenue, we are requested to malte this horse-
, railroad subservient to that; to subject it to its
control; to make its purposes subserve the pur-
poses ^nd interests of this large corporation out-
side ef this District, thus connecting the two in-
dbsolubly together. • ,
What is to be the result ? If the outside con-
cern is unfavorable, does not work well, this will
share the same fate. If that meets with embar-
rassments, this will be embarrassed by it. . If its
funds fail for its great purpose, the funds of this
will be in precisely the same situation. They may
attempt to keep it up, butof course it will be cov-
ered with all the difficulties that cover that; and
the consequence1 is, that we, who are legislating for
the benefit of the people here and proposing to
make a railroad through this city, are subjecting
it to the purposes of a railroad outsiile of this city
which admits itself to be so poor, so embarrassed,
so troubled with difficulties,'that we must legislate
for the benefit of it; arid subjectan enterprise which
ought to stand upon its own merits,and have force
of its own, to this outside matter which has 110
strength in itself. There is no sense in that, in
my judgment. I do not think we should reason
in that way. I do not think wo have the right to
legislate for the District of Columbia on such prin-
ciples. The very argument that is adduced by the
friends of the proposition, to subject tins to the
Metropolitan railroad, is enough to defeat it in my
mind, at any rate. 1 would keep it clear of any
such embarrassing undertaking. Let it stand by
itself, and within our control.
I have waited to see if anybody would start an
objection to the bill. I Imve read the bill myself.
I see no difficulty about it, for the plain reason
that it is clear in its provisions, and it is made
subject to the interference and control of Congress
at any moment. Whenever it does not subserve
the purpose for which we charter the company,
whenever it fails to perform its duty, whenever
we find it is insufficient, our power intervenes.
Therefore the bdl is well enough. The failure of
anybody who is opposed to granting this charter
to show any particular difficulties about it, is sat-
isfactory upon that head. _
Then why not pass it? We have a beneficial
object to accomplish, and we are upon the point
of accomplishing it; upon the very eve ofcarrying
it into eftcct; we have nothing to do but pass the
bill, to which nobody has any objection, upon its
own merits. Why allow others to come in and
interfeie'at the very moment the object is about to
bo accomplished, and put their hands upon it and
say that instead of legislating for the city of Wash-
ington and to accomplish a good purpose which
we have it our power to accomplish at once, we
must make this measure subservient ro an out-
side interest' We are to mix what is said to bo
a good and profitable measure with a bad and un-
profitable one, and make one overiide the other.
Sir, 1 see no sense in any proposition of the kind;
and, therefore if we are to pass the bill at all, my
judgment is we had better take that which will
effect the purpose we have m view.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 believe, as the question now
stands, ttune is a proposition offered by the Sen-
ator from Maryland asanentire substitute. After
the vote shall have been taken upon that, there
will be no more opportunity to amend the bill
which is reported by the committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks otherwise. By leaving one word in, it can
be amended.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not mean if the substi-
tute is adopted; but suppose the substitute is re-
jected—-the motion is to strike out and insert—and
the Senate decides that they will not strike out:
will it be competent then for me to offer an amend-
ment '
The PRESIDING OFFICER. TheChaircon-
siders so. r
Mr. BAYARD. "Mr. President, it seems to be |
generally conceded, in the argument in reference j|
to this railway, that it is expedient, and that the j;
public interest justifies and requires the_ construe- ji
tion of a railway through Pennsylvania avenue, ,|
from the west gate of the Capitol to Georgetown, jj
I coincide ill that opinion. 1 beli&ve such a road !i
is necessary. As to the relative claims of indi-
viduals to make the road, I know the claims of
none. The sole question for us is, first, is the
road necessary? then, does the bill before us,
which purports to grant power to make the road,
guard all the rights of the public, and provide in
a proper manner for the construction of the road!
or is the proposition of the honorable Senator
from Maryland more desirable for that pur-
1 P°When I come to look at this bill, I think it suf-
ficiently guards all the rights of the public. The
! bill provides for the construction of arqad which
I is to carry passengers alone, not freight. It pro-
j vides for the dimensions of the cars, and for the
i power by which they are to be moved—horse-
j power alone. It oven descends to theminutiae of
i the mode of construction, of laying rails along the
| avenue so as to prevent any obstruction for its
i general purposes as a high way. AU these things
i are provided. Further, it provides that the rate
; of fare shall not exceed five cents; and it goes on
, to leave the rate of fare within the regulation of
I Congress hereafter.
1 AH railways must in themselves, in the nature
I of things, be monopolies, in one sense of the word;
I that is, they are restricted modes of conveyance;
; which the public generally cannot go upon, with
• common vehicles; and the travel over them must
i be in the control of individuals or corporations,
1 to whom the grant is made; and therefore they
are, in a measure, monopolies always. It is
requisite to safety, in traveling, that some set
of persons, either as individuals or a company,
! should have the right to control and provide
! means of transit over a road, subject to general
! regulation by the legislative powers. But the
' great interest of the public is, that the rate of fare
shall not be excessive. The bill limits that in
the first instance. It provides afterwards, for
the right of Congress to regulate that rate of
fare, and 1 can attach no other meaning to it than
that Congress will have the right to reduce or
alter it, in any mode they think the interest of
the public requires. I therefore think the pub-
lic well guarded, as regards their interests; and
when I speak of the public, I do not mean to be
undeistood as alluding to the citizens of Wash-
ington alone. I do not think this railroad is to
be°made for the citizens of Washington alone.
1 think it is for the great public of the United
States, who have occasion, for any purpose
whatever, of business or pleasure, to come to the
city of Washington ; and the thoroughfare is
to bo made as a means of communication and
| passage to everybody who lias occasion to be
! here, either peimanently or temporarily. Itcon-
i corns not the interests of the people of Washing-
ton alone, but all others, who, in their connec-
' tion with Congress, or who, for any purpose, de-
' sire to be present in Washington, and may bounder
' the necessity of using this road. These rights '
; aie guarded in that respect throughout the bill,
as far as I can see, with full restrictions, which
will prevent this, that, in itself, must be measura-
bly, as I have said, always a monopoly, from be-
ing an abuse.
1 have made no estimate; I have no means of
making an estimate; but there is a prevalent idea
that this is to be a matter of extreme profit. The
fourth section of the bill gives this franchise to
the company for twenty-five years, and provides
that at any time during that period the Govern- ,
nient or the authorities of the city of Washington j
are to have the right'to take possession of the |
railway, on paying its appraised value under a |
fair system of appraisement, and therefore there j
can be no extraordinary profit, nothing but the fair j
profit that the capitalist is entitled to if he invests j
his money in a scheme in which, although haz- j
aidnus, very large piofits are contemplated. In- !
deed, 1 never knew any lailroad project which on j
paper did not show at least ten or fifteen per eent. j
profit; but when yon come to construct the road
and carry it out, very few of them get two or
three, if they even get one per cent.
But suppose this passenger railway, as applied
to a city of illimitable distance like Washington,
will be profitable along Pennsylvania avenue to
Georgetown: if it is the extravagant profit that
seems to be supposed, then of necessity the fourth
section of the bill wiil put it in the power of the
city of Washington to take this monopoly out of
the hands of the individuals to whom it is granted
for a fair valuation. Arbitrators are to be ap-
pointed, one selected by the President, another by
the parties, and they are to choose a third, in case
of disagreement, for the purpose of valuing the
road, and the absolute right is given the corpora-
tion of Washington to take the road at any time
within twenty-five years, and the grant lasts for
twenty-five years only, in any event.
The interests of the public being thus guarded
throughout this bill, the mode in which the road
is to be constructed being fully pointed out, the
rate of fare being restricted and left within the
control of Congress, and believing myself that the
road will bo more probably executed if we pass
this bill at a speedy day, than it will in any other
mode, I am disposed to vote for the bill as it
stands. I do not mean to say that we ought to
vote for the bill simply because to amend it would
hazard it by sending it back to the House of Rep-
resentatives; but certainly, if you think any ob-
ject desirable, and you find that you can attain it
by passing a particular bill, to which no serious
objection can be urged detrimental to the public,
it certainly is a reason for voting for that bill
without amendment, if you fear that no bill will
pass in cass you attempted to amend it or make
different provisions.
Then, as to the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Maryland, that is a mere question
of conflict, as I understand it, between individ-
uals. He proposes to give the right to the Met-
ropolitan Railroad Company, with no great differ-
ence from the restrictions contained in the bill,
and not quite so restrictive and guarded, I think,
as the bill. That probably might be obviated by
amendments, however. I do not wish to decide
between these parties. I feel entirely indifferent
except upon three grounds. One is, that by the
proposed amendment,as it stands, the honorable
Senator's proposition asks the Senate to make a
grant to a company incorporated by the State of
Maryland, for its own purposes of internal im-
provement—a corporation in its general authori-
ties beyond your reach—to grant to it all the
powers and immunities and privileges that are
granted by the Maryland charter, without your
knowing anything about it, or having had any
time to consider it. I am not disposed to make
such a general grant as that. 1 have seen too
much of corporation charters, and the carelessness
with which they are constantly passed by differ-
ent States of tliis Union, to be willing to adopt
the charter of any corporation, and makeagrant
in accordance with it, without a thorough exam-
ination of its provisions.
That I consider one objection. Another is,
that this substitute would connect what is a local
railway in the city of Washington, made under
our own exclusive authority, meant for the benefit
of the great public of the United States, to which
our legislation ought to be confined, with the in-
ternal improvements of the State of Maryland. I
think it an unwise policy. I do not think these
incidental connections of separate objects ought
ever to take place. If, hereafter, they want to
make a connection with this road (not to connect
the construction of one with the%ther, mingling
the provisions of the two) for the purposes of
transit, with proper restrictions, under our powers
reserved by this bill, wo can require this passen-
ger railway to allow the Metropolitan Railroad
Company to make the connection. _
But there is another objection to it as it stands.
The Metropolitan railway is a freight railway; it
is intended for burden cars as well as passenger
cars; and probably its principal business will be-
long to the coal trade. I am not willing to make
a grant for any freight trains to pass through Penn-
sylvania avenue, in the.city of Washington, be-
cause it would be a nuisance instead of a benefit.
These are detached single cars, drawn by one or
two horses. The other is a corporation having
a power to move by locomotives, and whose prin-
cipal object would be freight business; and you
would have long trains of freightcars passing along
Pennsylvania avenutf, unless you amend the prop-
osition, and then it becomes nugatory for the pur-
poses of that corporation's general business. That
I should consider rfo public convenience, but a
nuisance, and I would rather not have a railroad
with any such terms attached to it.
On these grounds I do not consider that the
substitute offered by my friend from Maryland is
for the purposes for which we intend to grant
