50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December,
35tb Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the case of Judge Watrous.
Ho. of Reps.
Judge Hughes took advantage of the presence of
Dr. Sewitson, a suitor in Judge Watrous'.1; court,
who was then in Texas, his residence being S&l-
tillo, Mexico, to prove that the signature of Juan
Gonzales, as we!l as those of the subscribing wit-
nesses to the testimonio, were genuine. It is by
do means clear that the validity of the power of
attorney was free from the suspicion of Judge
Hughes at the time. There are circumstances to
raise a doubt—such as, his dispensing with proof
of its execution in the case of TJfford us. Dykes,
his obtaining the testimony of Dr. Hewitson, and
the fact that the name of" Thomas Vega," was
signed to the testimonio, instead of" Thomas de
la Vega."
After the Lapsley cases had been transferred
to New Orleans, measures were taken by the de-
fendants to obtain the testimony of Thomas do
la Vega and the custodian of the archives atfcSal-
tillo, in relation to the power of attorney. A com- i
mission issued from the court in New Oi leans, and ]
the testimony of these persons wa% taken. The first j
pronounces the instrument a forgery, as respects j
his own signature, and says: ]
ii That lie has cv.immod Hie copy, (111 question;) and that !
lie never wgned the original which it purpoiN to icpre^rit; I
that h«, conjointly with Don Kuplmol and lion Jo-e Maim
j-Vguirrc, gmut a powci to the ciiuet that tin: VVilhuuts te-
terred to r-hoald take pos^esrjon of and mark oil eleven
tracts (of land) which the Governor had granted to each om-
ul the uppearers; hut that he did not <ruut, and that tic h<H
never granted, any puwer, as to his p.u i, to uhrn.Ue or sell
these hinds; that, eon>equentl\", ih«« power which is cx-
lubited to him u Mlye, That he hah always Hgned Thorn;*.-*
do ht Vcgu,and that ho dot snot r. <olhvi ever having done
80 under the name ot' Thomas
Jose Cosme de Castaneda, tlie custodian of the
archives, testifies that he haw been such since tlio
year 1840:
''That he has examined the ieconN, and. m f.?oi, has
found a power granted hy i\Iev r>«. Jo^> Maria de Aiiuirre,
Raphael Aginrre, and Thoma.-. de la V <;«a, to Mr. t^;iitin<>l
May \Vilh;im>, a resident <>i the ejty of Att-tm, «lm h
power is legally aath'.'iitieated bv ihe legidor ot' the lionoi j|
able conned who officiated as ^eeum! aleahh". Don Jnau \\
Ooimnles, dated Uuj^St h ot' April, lKJi, hy which ihe a hue 1 j
named McksIs. Afiuirres nud Vc :i empotvur Willi.im-, in
their name, to take posse«-ion of Unity nueth ot land winch j
the nud tippearrirf (giantoK) acquned hy purchase irum the I j
ptjptcme fJovernor o( ihe State, and to (-fleet ihe mi«k hi [j
which the survey* ot' the<e tract* -iiould he diawn. There 1,
iti also another powei. which the > auie jrenfleman diew out ; i
before tin s line i< ;;idot iiiul .ccou<| ,iic.tl«]e, Don .Ju.m j|
aules, dated the .nil ot AI.ij*, IK5*2, hy wlu« h tin's.ud Wil !!
lioui* is authorised to pioceed to tiie .-ale of the above ,|
mentioned tract* of land ; hur Iht* power was surned only ■ i
hy thy alcalde, Don Juan (iony,ule-\ and Don Jo t Maua dc !
Agttirrc, .Hid not hy Don Raphael Afjuuie or Dmi Timum.- i!
de la Yetfa, or ot the a^inring vvilne—es; wheteloie, the j|
paid document can he of no t tiW t. That, in venOcamm ot | j
ah that he has stated, ho lelers to the ojmm.it document^ j]
which exist in the aichivej* undet his chaige." |!
These depositions were brought to Now Or- i;
leans, and "with thorn a certified copy of the ori- ;1
gitiai power of salens it remained in the archives, :j
which corresponds with the foregoing testimony |j
of the custodian, and filed m court. Tins he- il
came known to League, ho having received a copy ! j
from the cleik. He then consulted Judge War-
rous otii the subject, who dinctcd him to see the >\
parties in Alabama. He did ho, and steps were jj
taken to counteract the effect of the abovemen- ;
tiorted testimony. John Treanor, a person well :i
known in the Oavazos cases, wan employed to go !,
to Saltillo. Me was accompanied as far as Mon- j
terey by League and Francis J. Parker. From
thence, Tteauor proceeded alone,ay he professes j.
to have desired. lie icaehed Salullo, and imme-
diately called on Gonzales, whom he found to be ,
nearly blind. Gonzales was shown the tolimonio i
bycattdle-ljght, and he and his family pronounced
the signatiue to be ins. JVn tmjuiiy wa« made 1
by Treanorof the alleged partus to the power of i,
attorney, whether they had executed it or not: ;
and but little effort way made by Treanor, and :
none by Gonzales, to search ft* the original.
No inquiry appears to have been made of the ;
custodian of the records, though Truaoor testifies
he saw something among the archives " ucuily <
equal to it.n It is fair to prc^tmn; thia was the :
power of attorney signed by Joye I\-laria de ,
A^uirre alone,. Treanor Jmd interviews with L)r.
Hewitson, whoso deposition had formerly been
taken to prove the handwriting of Gonzales and
the subscribing witnesses. Trcanor was abund- 1
antly supplied with money, and uaed many in-
ducements, aided by Dr. Hewitson, to get Gon- :
zales to accompany him to Monterey, which were i
at length successful. They proceeded to Monte-
rey and were there met by League. From thence
Gonzales was persuaded to travel to NewOrleans,
where his deposition was taken, and where he
swore the testimonio was a genuine paper and al-
lowed by him at the time it bears date, in his
official capacity as second alcalde in turn at Sal-
tillo. He was impressed with the idea that his
honor was at stake. He was paid a large sum
of money, and he was promised that whatever
damage the stock in his tan-yard should suffer by
reason of his absence should be made up to him.
His sight at New Orleans was still very imperfect,
and he said that he knew his signature to the
testimonio by the rubric underneath. Whatever
views may be entertained concerning the genuine-
ness of this power of attorney, its validity was
so far impeached as made it inexcusable in Judge j
Watrous, especially, to be connected with the j
measures that were practiced to establish it. The I
circumstances under which this old man, partially
blind, was brou^h' to New Orleans, the payment
of $1,300 to him, besides his expenses, were, to
say the least, exceedingly improper. A commis-
sion having been issued from the court at New
Orleans, on the application of the opposite par-
ties, to obtain evidence at fialtillo in relation to
the power of attorney, murht have suggested the
proper course for Imn and Ins friends to have
adopted. Such a course was open to them, and
it is piesumed then* was no'thing to prevent a
thorough search ntrion^ the records. The pro-
cuiementof the deiiostiioti, thus obtained, cost
several thousand dollms, and the leflection invol-
untarily amies that the defendants m the suits
brought in the name of Lapsley, as plaintiff, who
were relyuii? upon the rights acquired to the land
by authority of the tftato of Texas, had a most
powerful association to contend agamst.
The undersigned are Cully aware of the vast
importance the limd issue of tins investigation is
to Judge Watrous; hutthey are not the less sen-
sible of the paramount necessity there is for pre-
ser\ ing the fountains of justice wholly Jtee from
all impurity. Afier a patient and laborious in-
vestigation, extending through seveial months,
they tire unable lo ai i ive nf any other conclusion
than that the circumstances disclosed m pursu-
ing the inquiry instituted in relation to the charges
preferred by IChpiias Silencer, demand his im-
peachment by tins House, and his trial by the
JSenate of the United States. The prominent fea-
tuies of misconduct may bo briefly summed up,
and are as follows:
That while holding the office of district judge
of the United States he engaged with other per-
sons in speculating in immense tracts of land sit-
uated within his judicial district, the titles to
winch he knew were m dispute, and where liti-
gation was inevitable.
That ht' allowed Ins court to be used as an agent
to aid ImnselfLind partners in speculation in land,
and to serine an advantage over other poisons
with whom litigation was nppiehended. That
he sat as judge on the trial of casus where he was
personally interested m questions involved, to
which may be added a pollicitation m the im-
proper procurement of testimony to advance his
own and partneis5 interests.
The charges against the Hon. John C. Wat-
rous, contained in the memonal of Jacob Mus-
sina, aie based upon his judicial actum in the
, pi ogress ot a cause brought on the chancery side
, of the court, ovtrwhich lie presided,on the i2th
day of January, IS-10, and entitled " Cavazos et
al. rs. Stillman ctul." All the facts upon which
these charges depend, with the exception of those
; connected with the allegation that Judge Wat-
: reus, by his conduct, deprived tin* memorialist of
; an appeal from the decree made in it, are shown
; by tiierecoid of the case, a copy of which is among
; the evidence received by the committee, and is
| now before the House.
! The bill of com})] am t in this case was brought by
1 Raphael Gaicia Cavazos and seven otherpersons,
• aliens, citizens of, and residing in, the State of
! Tamauhpas, one of the United States of Mexico,
against Charles Stillman and others, who were
I citizens of the United States. In this bill of com-
; plaint the plaintiffs set up title to a large tract of
I land undur an old Mexican grant; and then, after
i alleging that on account of differences and dis-
sensions among themselves and their predeces-
sors, no partition or division of the land had ever
been made, and that it was their desire " to have
an immediate and amicable partition" of the tract
of land, " without being hindered, embarrassed,
or interrupted therein by other persons." They
state that " the defendants and many other per-
sons have, within the year last past, set up, and
still continue to set up," titles to large portions
of the land; and, in particular, that they had-ob-
tained " invalid grants or claims to such portions,
purporting to be given by the authority of the
ayuntamiento of Matamoras," and had "pro-
cured a large number of head-right certificates,
bounty watrants,land sciip, and other evidences
of title to land issued undet-the authority of the
late Republic and present State of Texas," and
caused the same to be located and surveyed on
portions of the tract claimed, (i since the annex-
ation of Texas to the United States." In the
conclusion of the bill of complaint, the plaintiffs
ask for a final decree of the court, by which
their " title to the said tract of land, m their bill
described, may be fully established," and they
"quieted therein;" " that the said defendants,
and each of them, muy be required to deliver up
the evidences of their pretended claims, grants,
and titles, to be canceled," &o.; and that the
<{defendants, and each of them, may be forever
restiained, by a writ of injunction issuing from
this honorable court, from again setting up or
pretending any right or title" to the same, or
from " intermeddling with the said tract of land
without the consent" of the plaintiffs. There
was, at the same time, an injunction Sprayed for
by the plaintiffs against the defendants to restrain
them " from selling, leasing, or otherwise dispos-
ing" of the land claimed.
On the 6th of March, 1849, a motion was made
by a counsel of some of the defendants for an or-
der on the plaintiffs, *' by themselves or their sol-
icitors," &c , " to .show by what authority they
'and each of them, lespectively, instituted" the
suit. This order was gianted, and the parties
were ordt ted to go befoie the ciexk of the court or
master, to nIiow their authority; and they went
before the master m obedience to it, who, on the
27th of June, 184!), made this leport, to the effect
i that no authority had been shown by the plain-
! tiffs, oi their solicitors, for the institution of the
: suit. On the '29th of the same month Robert H.
| Houl filed an affidavit, stating that he and Elisha
! Basse, Esq., had been requested, in September,
; 1848, by live of the plaintiffs, to institute suit in
: the district court of Texas for the county of Cam-
i eron, against the other three, to obtain a parti-
: tion of the tract of land in question, and moved
! the court to dismiss the case so far as these five
; peisons were concerned. This motion was acted
on on the 30th of June, 1849, and it was " ordered
that the said mention be sustained, and that the
other patties, complainants m the said bill named,
! have leave to amend the said bill by making the
abovenamed parties complainant defendants to
i the said bill,' and these paities,so stricken from
! the record as plaintiffs, then apptaring, by R. H.
i Elord, their attorney m fact, m open court, agreed
1 that, being so made parties defendant, they would
" place upon the record of this cause, by answer
or otherwise, such averments as will recognize
the jurisdiction of this court, by acknowledging
themselves citizens of this State, (the State of
Texas,) for the purposes of this action."
At or about the time that this order was made,
some of the original defendants bad answered the
bill. On the 7th of July, 1^4:), three of the ori-
ginal plaintiffs amended the bill of complaint, with
leave of the court, by sinking out the names of
the five other complainants named in the original
bill, and inserting other words in it, so as to make
it read that the complaint was also brought
"against Dona Feliciana deTigerina, Dona Maria
Angela (or de los Angelas) Garcia Lafon de Tar-
nava, Don Ramon Lafon, and Don Manuel Pri-
eto," the complainants, whose names had been
stricken out, and to state that they were " each
and all citizens of the said State of Texas, and
residing therein."
On the 9th of July, 1B49, Jacob Mussina, who
had been made a party defendant by another
amendment of the bill, filed his answer. In this
answer to the bill of complaint, Mussina $ets up
*
