1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the case of Judge Watrous.
Ho. op Reps.
title to the land in dispute with him, under grants
made by the ayuntamiento of Matamoras, and
alleged that the ayuntamiento of that city, under
whom he and his associates held, had been in the
actual occupancy and adverse possession of the
same since the year 1826. Title to the lmid was
also set up in the answer under the laws of Texas;
and it was likewise alleged that the complainants
were barred by the statute of limitation. And,
finally, it was specially alleged in the answer that
the bill of complainants "did not contain such
ground and cause of action as are properly and
necessarily cognizable and relievable in a court of
equity;" but that, in fact, there was an adequate
and complete remedy for the same at law.
In April, 1850, E. Basse and R. H. Hord, as
counsel for Feliciana Goscochea de Tigerma and
Manuel Prieto, two of the original complainants,
whose names had been stricken from the bill a§. j
complainants, and again inserted as defendants,
in pursuance of the order of the 30 th of June, 1849,
filed their separate answers, in which these de-
fendants were declared to be citizens of Texas.
At a subsequent period, William G. Hale, one
of the counsel of the complainants, was examined
on the trial ct" the cause as a wUness in their be-
half. In the course of his examination, Hale
stated that he was not, " by any agreement, to
have any portion" of the laud in contest, " nor
any interest m such land, but only a portion of
the proceeds of the sale, should the same be finally
recovered and sold." The deposition of- Hale,
taken at this examination, was offered by the
complainants at the hearing, Wlien it was oil eied
the defoliants objected to its benis received, on
the ground that the witness was shown " by the
deposition to be interested and incompetent."
The objection of the defendants wns overruled,
and the evidence received.
On the trial of the cause, the complainants also
offered Robert H. Hord, the counsel for a portion
of the defendants, as a witness, to prove a fact
material to their success. His testimony was ob-
jected to by some of the defendants on the ground
that he was interested in the cause of the suit;
and he also claimed an exemption on the same
ground; and,in consequence, he was sworn upon
his voir dire. In answer to the questions then
put to him, he said:
" Since the institution of thi« suit f havo bought the en-
tire mteiej-t tit Snllmnn & iiehlen. two ol the deieiidants.
i am ill so nucleated in the establishment oi the old tnle,
which 1 am now called to piovo up, but * am more kueely
inteiested in the defense ot tin? mun  ;icnl> Mussina ha?.
no nuei es t in tin: properly m conuovei>y ; he (oi jeited ai.v
joint interest he may h.i\e evei churned wiUi Stillman f*.
Belden bv tadins, to peifotm any contract which lie may
have had with them."
The solicitors of Jacob Mussina, one of the
the defendants, theieupon put the following ques-
tion to Mr. Hord:
" Have you, orhavcyo*.iuot,anyund',r:.umhni:oi agree-
ment with the complainant^ oi euin-i of them, oi then
a^ent, or soliciting, "s lek.tion to the detci mmaimn of thi.~
csiUse, oi of any of the muttursinvolved therein, adver.-e to
any tight oi iinoie-t claimed by JacohMuwnam anypiop-
erty oi lights involved m this suu ? Aie j ou, oi not, liuu-
ested m any fruch uridei<tiindmg <>r ajcieumeia ?M
This question Mr. Hord refused to answer;
and, thereupon, the court decided " that the ques-
tion need not be answered."
Before the final hearing of the cause, the defend-
ants, on the 2d of April, 1851, u jointly and sev-
erally," moved the court '*to dismiss the bill of
the complainants" at the hearing ot the following
causes, among others, apparent on the said bill
and in the record of the proceedings:
"1. That no jun-rhction i- shown oi exists between the
complainant-: and the defendantDona .Ma.ja Angela C.u
cia Jjafon de Tarnava. Kamon Laion, Feliciana de Tjsrer-
ina, and Marine! Prieto.
"2. That it appears by the complainant V bill a'id the
leeoids and pmeoeding-. iioiein. and tlie fact w, that the
complainants aie all alien*, and that the defendants. Main'l
Angela Gaieia Lafon de Tarnava. Jtamon laiion, t'eheiana
deTiiiewna. and Mantiol Pj icto, aie also alien?." &«.,'• and
lhi< honorable eouit lias no jiiik-dietion as between the
complainants and said defendant*, and, in cou-eqnence
theieof. no j!iii.-(in-u.>u nvei the complainants' bill, or to
giant the idiot pun cd. oi any of itand
3. That the ea^e was not of anatuie to entitle the com-
plainants to rehel in a couit cf equm; that they •sue on a
pretended legal title ; and that theiricmody, if any they are
entitled to, mu>f besougnt in a court ot law," &e.
The hearing of the cause seems to have been
concluded on the 1-Uli of April, 1851, as on that
day there is an entry to that effect; and it is stated
in the record thatthe court, not being fully ad-
vised, took time to consider of the deciee until
the next term." On the same day it was also
ordered " that the motion of defendants, hereto-
fore filed in this cause, and praying the court to
dismiss complainants' bill for want of jurisdic-
tion, be reserved by the court for decision until
the decree of the court shall be rendered herein,"
At the term, however, when it was heard and
submitted, James Love, the clerk of the court,
says he remembers (< that Mr. Hale, the counsel
for complainants, and Mr. Hord, who was one of
the parties interested, said* to him, (the judge,)
we have agreed upon a decree in this cause, and
wish you to render it at this term;" and that
"Judge Watrous said from the bench, 'Is Mr.
Mussina represented here?' " The reply was,
that he was not. Judge Watrous then said:
" There aie some questions m this case on which
1 want to inform myself, and, as Mr. Mussina is
not represented, 1 will take it under advisement
until the next term." In his answer, Judge Wat-
rous says thai " some one of the counsel for the
defendants stated to the court that it was desira-
ble that the cause should be speedily decided ; that
some of the defendants would prefer the rendition
of an adverse decree to having the ease postponed
to another term. I inquired whether Mr. Mus-
sina agreed to such a decree, and was answered
that he did not. On his account, and his alouv, I
took the case under advisement."
The decree m the ease was not made until the
15th of January, 18.32. It seems that there was
an impression on the part of some persons that
there would be no term of the com t holdt n at Gal-
veston at that time. John S. Jones, iho deputy
clerk, who did the principal business of the otUco
at that time, jii reply to the question as to whether
there was " any uncertainty as to the fnet of the
court being holden m Galveston, m Jaimaiy,
185:2p"says: I can only speak lor myself. 1
was uncertain about it. [did no: know, nor did
I believe, thut judge Watrous would hold that
term of the couit mere." When ttnkej the jea-
son for this belief, this witness said Judire Wat-
rous " was absent, and I thought he could notget
there in time;" and when asked where he was, he
stated, '* 1 think he was here or in New York."
Mr. Atchison, the counsel of Mussina, says: " It
was not expected that any term of the couit would
be held there. I think I so advised AJr. Mussina "
He was then asked why he expected " the court
would not be held?" and, in reply, stated that he
" had seen a letter fiom Mr. Memman to a gen-
tleman residing in Galveston, M r. Uall, stating
that the court would not be held; and 1 understood
it from general rumor." When the eouit wns
holden, Mr. Atchison attended for the purpose of
resisting the rendition of the decree at that time;
and states that he objected to it because Mus-
sina had had no notice or expectation of Us being
lendered at that time." %i The judge,'" he says,
"expressed hissuiprise at the time that objec-
tion was made to the decree, and stated, in sub-
stance, that iiu had s?>en the parties in Austin, and
that they were satisfied that the decree should be
rendered at that time," &.c. The parties alluded
to by the judge, weie understood to be X3js.se and
Hord, the attorneys. The decree was then ren-
dered, and Atchison left the couit.
The judge, in refenitig to this point s'lys. m his
answer, that he " direct d the niaisha! to keep ih<-
court open, to keep a bailiff m aiu luhmce m the
courtroom until twelve o'clo kai M^ht,with in-
structions to call" him i\ oni his oile" v. Inch was
only a few feet fiom the court-house, t-o that he
could come at any tone to gi\e Mr Atchison
the opportunity oft uterine his notice ot appeal,
or to take any other step lie mi^nt mink advisa-
ble m the case."
The judge further states that he " opened the
court the next day, and kept it open until became
into the court-housr, when the steamer's bell was
being runs;," to Sh^n ■' the annulet,'' jnd then
" walked fiom the couil-house to the stearin rjust
as she was leaving the wharf" to t;o to lirowns-
villc. The objection of Mr. Atchison to the ren-
dition of the decree tit that time, was based upon
the ground that Jacob Mussina was taken by sur-
prise, and that, as he was then situated, it was
impossible for him to take an appeal, which would
stay proceedings on the decree, because, as the
■ case was a large one, "involving a lar^ amount,"
| lie " could not have gotthe bond within the.time
the law required." This was so <listii?ctl,y Mr.
! Atchison's impression, that he says that he had
I " no thought of doing such a thing." Nor is it
easy to understand what could have been the Ac-
tive of the judge in ordering the court to be kejt
open until twelve o'ck)ck at night, and keeping it
open on the next day until he left for Browns-
ville, when it is recollected that Jacob Mussina
was not there, but was at New Orleans, in Lou-
isiana, where he resided; and it was a physical
impossibility that the difficulty in relation to the
appeal, growing out of the allegedsurprisc, if any
such existed, could have been obviated within
that time.
An appeal was taken in the Cavazos case on
the 30th of July, 1856. In this appeal it was sup-
posed that Jacob Mussina was included. On that
supposition, he employed Mr. Benjamin, of New
Orleans, one of the Senators from Louisiana, to
ar^ue the case in his behalf. The transcript from
the district couit in Texas was broughtup by the
brother of Jacob Mussina, who represented it to
the clerk of the Supreme Court of the United
States as an appeal of Mussina, and made the
usual deposit to cover costs m the appellate court,
and took a receipt for the deposit, in which the
title of the case is given as though Mussina
was the appellant. Mr. Benjamin examined the
record in December, 1856, and discovered that
Mussina was not embraced in the appeal. He
communicated this fact to his client, and on his
suggestion steps were taken to perfect the appeal.
Mr. Atchison, the counsel of Mussina, was com-
municated with on the subject, and, when exam-
ined us to the facts, he stated that he was " in-
structed to take an appeal for two others of the
pat ties;" that he " drew up the usual petition for
an appeal,and took it to the judge at his room."
. Th's, Mr. Atchison says, " was previous to the
1 Oth of January, 1857." He then proceeds to
1 state that he ''knocked at the door, and was in-
1 viU:d in ;"ihat he " read the petition to the judge,"
and after that, told lum he " wished him to fix
the amount of the bond which he would require
for costs." The judge answered him, " that he
, would take the paper and consider the matter,"
and would inform him what action he would take.
, Mi. Atchison further states that, about the seo
j ond day after going to the judge's rootn with the
I petition, he " went into open court, and fiom his
' p'ace called the attention of the judge to the mat-
. t( r which he had presented to him in chamheis,"
and l* asked him whether he had fixed the amount
' of the bond," saying that he was " ready to ex-
f eeute it." M r. Atchison then goes on to say that
the judire " then told me, for the first time, that
he would fix the amount of the bond when the
opposite counsel came into court;" and that, upon
tin*, he, Atchison, took his hat " and left, under
the full impression that he would not do anything
in the matter," &e, ltis pioper here to say, that
1 a numU i of tile oliiceis of the court in attendance
' upon it, have bceirexamined as to this point, all
of whom state that they never heard and have no
knowledge of any such occurrence in the court
as that spoken of by Mr Atchison. The fact of
the application ot Mr. Atchison for an appeal at
chumbeis, however, is mentioned by the judge in
hi-. LUi.-Vrti. Tiie time within which an appeal
could have been taken m the case expired a day
or two after, on the 3f>th of January, 1857; and
on application was made to the Supreme Court
for a to the judge to complete the ap-
pei-1, l\iS"d substantially on the facts stated by
i\ir. \tehi.sun, and it was refericd by the court
afi< r argument. The papers m relation to this
application, vuth the judgment of the court, are
before tin, Ho!'se.
]'>. fore the decree was made in the cause, and
on the jst day of November, 1851, after the dis-
1 clusuies made byllord, when examined as a wit-
ness in the Oavuzos case, Mussina, wlio had ob-
jected to his examination, instituted a suit in the
'fourth district court of New Orleans, against
; Charles Sullman and Samuel A. Belden, his co-
] defendants in the Cavazos case, and William Al-
: hug, their associate, residents of New Orleans,
j and Basse & Hord, his and their counsel, in which
: he charged them with " combining, confederating,
j and conspning together for the purpose of de-
