674
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 20,
Vandmverkcn. now employed by him between Georgetown
and the loot ot the Capitol lull, at a valuation to be determ-
ined'by two- dh uitfre-ted ir-fcref*, one to bp <:ho«en by said
Vawlertteikni, and trie other by tlie president and direc-
tors or* sard .Metropolitan railroad, with power to them, if
they disagree, to choose a thud person a3 umpne.
Mr. HUNTER. Befotre the vote is taken on
that, I wish to offer an amendment to the original
bill. It seems to me this road ought to be ex-
tended to the navy-yard. The people who live
in that neighborhood ought to share in its advan-
tages, whatever they may-be. I move, there-
fore, to strike out the words " the west gate of
the Capitol," and insert " the north gate of the
navy-yard." I understand that the inhabitants
In that portion of the city feel that they ought to
be included in this arrangement. It seems tome
that they ought, and I hope there will be no ob-
jection to inserting this amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I object to the amendment
for the simple reason that its only effect will be to
defeat i he bill. I need not go into the arguments,
because they have been made very fully before, to
show that if the bill goes back to the House of
Representatives, difficulties may arise which will
probably result in our having no railroad bill this
year. The plain reason why the navy-yard was '
not included m this bill is, because u was eup- :
posed the Congress of the United States intended i
to enlarge the publicgrounds around the Capitol; :
and until a decision is made on that subject the^e ;
parties cannot tell how their road shall urn to the .
navy-yard. This company, or any other com- \
pany, that may be authorized by Congress to i
make this railroad, will be glad toe;o to the nuvy- ;
"yard, because that will increase their business, !
and of course increase their profit*, but until you j
"have decided how the grounds aie to be enlarged, '
they cannot carry it fiu ijjer than tlu: Capitol gate 1
because they will not bo able to know how to go '
round this hill. The amendment of the Senator ;
from Virginia presents tlx: question whether the !
bill shall be passed so as to give us a lailroad
during the next year, or wheiher we shall not
have a railroad for a number of years to conic. I j
hope therefore that everybody u ho is m favor of ;
getting u railroad soon will vote against the amend- ,
mem. |
Mr. HUNTER. They may make it to the j
navy-yard, and if we should h< leafier enlarge;
the public giounds—and I think it will be a long j
time before we do U---they can then mo \ e the rails
without great expense, and in the moantone we i
ahull be securing to these people the benefits of ,
this improvement, whatever they may be. i
Mr. PUGH How will the enlargement of the j
Qdpitol grounds any more affect the rails to the I
navy-yaid, than the eastern terminus? If you j
enlarge the grounds, you change the western gate '
of the Capitol, perhaps two squares furthei. '
Why icfuso to carry this load to (ho navy-yard, 1
wheie a gii at many of the laboring population !
of the city of Washington reside? if you do not ,
do it, it shows that the public interest is not the
quepiton, but the profit of the parties named in |
the bill. The very objection to this amendment ;
shows that, instead of having the public interest :
in view, n is the interest of two or three individ- ;
uals. j
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator from Ohio is ;
always so careful of the interests of the labonng i
people, that 1 didike to object to pnvthmg that
lie proposes; but 1 will simply say, in reply to
him, tiiat if the public grounds be extended one
or two squares westward, there will be nothing '
to be done but take no the rails fur that distance.
That nettles that question.
Mr.BROWN. J think this question rests whnic ,
the Senator from Pennsylvania has placed it, that ■
to amend litis bill is to defeat it. Nov/, I hold m
my hand a memorial fiom these parties, asking
the privilege of doing pi ecisely what the Senator |
from Virginia proposes to compel them to do; and
that there may be no mistake about a, that it may
-be put upon record and stand against them here-
after, I ask that it he lead.
The Secretary lead ns as follows: j
SCo the honorable the Scnitc anil 1-lov.seof Representative-,
of the United Stales of Jlmerica iii Congress aKemlled: j
The undesigned, desirous that the many and miuufe.n ,
advantages of cay passniirer railways saiouid not be eon- i
fined mciely to that portion of the I)i->tn< i of" Columbia bu- }
!ween the Capitol and Georgetown ; but that other and ;■
populous portions of the District should equally shaie in ;l
'the facilities, and conveniences which they otFcr, rc^pect- |
fully ask that they and their associates aucf successors may 1
be granted the privilege of laying down and operating (at
£?uch latos of fate, and under ^"ch tonrH and conditions,
as Congress may prescribe.) a double-track horse-raiiway,
fiom the navy-yatd gate, through such avenues and streets
as may by Comjru^ be deemed expedient, to the west gate
of t|jn Capitol grounds, thcie to connect with the pioposed
idilvvay fiom the Capitol to Geoigetown.
BAYARD CLARKE,
G. VANDERWERKEN,
A. 1\ ROBINSON*
For themselves and associates.
Washington, January 7,1859.
Mr. BROWN. Now, by way of showing that
we have a perfect guarantee in this bill that these
parties may be compelled to do what it is pro-
posed to do whenever we are prepared to have
them do it, the bill provides:
{t The Congress of the United Suites hereby receives the
right to altei, amend, or annul this act, at their plea&uie."
They petition for the privilege of running their
road from the gate of the Capitol to the navy-
yard. if they should undertake to back out from
their own proposition, now put upon the record,
your act reserves to you the privilege of compell-
ing them to do it. flow can they escape it? You
are not now in a condition to give the privilege;
because you do not know how far your grounds
will be extended. There is a strong party in the
Senate in favor of extending the Capitol grounds
to 13 street. There is possibly a stronger party in
favor of going to 0 street. To what point you
are going to extend north and south, no one here
can tell now. To compel jhese parties to lay
down a railroad track over ground winch may af-
terwaids be taken in by the Capitol extension, is
certainly a hardship to ihem. Win n you have
taken in the giounds winch you will take ulti-
. mutely, then they ask the privilege of running
their lathoad around the Capitol extension, what-
ever it may be.
It has been suggested that you allow them to
come to the western gate of the Capitol* That
does not mean the western gate of the Capitol
where it now is, but where you may fix it here-
after. That, by no possibility, can be more than
one or two squares further west than it is at pres- 1
ent. That is well enough; but when you compel 1
them to inn half a mile or more around the Cup- |
Hid, it involves a very heavy expenditure, which j
these parties aie ready to incur whenever you are j
prepaied to tell (hem where they shall put their (
road. They petition for the privilege; they are ;
willing to receive it now, if you can give it to
them with, safety. They do not suggest a route,
because they do not know to what line you pro-
pose to extend your giounds. 1 tlunlClhey are
light, and act.sensibly about it; and 1 receive the
suggestion of the Senator from Pennsylvania, as
I said befoie, au having been properly made on
this ground: that these parties are prepared to do
preeuely what you ask them to do; but ihey can-
not do it now, because you are not prepared to
 «tant I hem the pimlege. J hope the amendment
will not be adopted.
Mr. BRIGHT. I do not think there is much
force m the objection made by the honorable Sen-
ator trom IVnusylvamu. I had hoped that Fo-day
the bill winch was repotted from the Committee
on Public buildings and Grounds would be taken
up, and the question of the boundary of the pub-
he grounds disposed of. The entire day has been
consumed in the discussion of other District busi-
ness, and of course 1 do not object. 1 shall, how-
ever, as soon as th.s bill is disposed of, insist on
taking up that measure, and i have no doubt the
Senate will consent to make it the spceial Older
of the day for Monday next. That is an import-
ant question, ami it ought to be disposed of.
Bat L did not ns-: fur the purpose of miking a
point on that mattei; but to say a word in refer-
ence to my own vote on the amendment ptoposed
by the Senator from Maryland. 1 shall vote for
that amendment, and i will In a few words give
my reasons.
The Senator from Mississippi, who reported
this bill, lays great emphasis upon the fact that
the corporators named in the bill before us weie
tiie tirst to claim this privilege. Why, sir, this
privilege was iirst claimed by the parties named
jn tile amendment offered by the Senator from
Maryland. Four ytars ago they claimed that
with the aid which they would derive from be-
coming the proprietor of the iine from the foot
of the Capitol grounds to Georgetown, they would
be enabled to commence a work which every man
here ought to desire. I speak of the railroad from
Georgetown to the Point of Rocks, or, if you
please, from the present depot in Washington to
the Point of'Rocks. We have had a diagram
laid on our tables this morning, which is a better
argument than anybody here can make on Uiat
point. It shows that the present travel from the
West and the Southwest, by the way of the Bal-
timore and Ohio railroad, can reach Washington
city on a route forty-six miles nearer by the road
from the Point of Rocks, than by coming to the
Relay .House, and thence by the Baltimore road
to Washington.
This diagram, which is before us, and I pre-
sume every Senator has had it laid on his table,
is true. No gentleman interested in this enter-
prise would make a false statement, particularly
not one that could be detected upon its face. The
distance from the Point of Rocks to Washington
by the present route is eighty-seven miles; by
the contemplated road from the junction near the
Point of Rocks, to Washington, is forty-one miles;
making a saving of forty-six miles of tiavel, which
would be effected if that line of road were finished.
The present rate offreights by the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad, by the way of the Relay House, is
§3 20 per ton. The estimated rate by the line that
is proposed to be made by the Metropolitan rail-
road, is $1 20 per ton, being a saving of two dol-
lars on every ton that is carried. The difference
in time, which has become an object in this age
of progress, is three hours and fifteen minutes.
Now, whether the grant of this franchise to the
Metropolitan Railroad Company will enable them
to make this junction road, as it is called, or not,
I will not pretend to say. The charter has been
granted some three years, and the road is not
made yet; but there have been grants of charters
ail over this country on very important lines of
road between very important points, that are yet
in an unfinished state; and why? Because,with-
in the last few years, there has been a great de-
pression in the monetary affairs of this country,
and many roads in piogiess have been stopped;
but when a change m the monetary affairs takes
plcico^I apprehend the chances for making this
road are equal to those of making many roads—
certainly equal to those of making the Pacific
railroad, winch many gentlemen on this floor are
very earnest in support of and believe will be
made. If by simply granting this franchise to the
Metropolitan Railroad Company we enable them
to make a line of road that brings Washington
forty-six miles nearer the western count! y, nearer
to western pricey, saves three hours and some min-
utes in time, and saves two dollaia per ton on
every ton of fi eight that is carried, it is an object
worthy of the consideration of eveiy man who
travels to Washington, or has' to spend a month
of time in Washington.
One wend as to the corporators. I agree that
they are all the Senator from Mississippi repre-
sents them. I have no doubt they are worthy
men. Mr. Vanderwerkcn deserves great credit
for his enterprise. He has carried it on success-
fully; it has been the source of great accommo-
dation to the public. But the directors of the Me-
tropolitan railroad embiuce the oldest and most
respectable citizens of your District; many of them
men that weto born here, men of fortune, men of
business capacity, and they tell you that they in-
tend to make thi.-> toad. This is a connecting link
between Washington city and the road 1 have re-
ferred to. They say that if this franchise is to
be granted, give it to the in; that they will apply
it not tv) then* own benefit; it is no pocket argu-
ment with them; ihey piopo&e to make this road
foi the buvJU of the public. Ij: is the public who
will be benefited; it is every member that travels
to Washington; it is eveiy visitor who travels to
Washington; it is for the benefit of every man
who lives in Washington. The effect of it is to
reduce the price of passage, the price of freights,
and consequently, the price of living. There is
a sound, practical argument m favor of giving
this grant to the persons named in the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Maryland.
That view of the question will determine my vote
upon it.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have a single remark to
make-in answer to the argument presented here.
I was upon the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia, at the last session, when this railroad bill
was favorably reported upon. The chief argu-
ment that brought me to tfc^support of this bill
