1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was, that this was the first application ever made
in the District of Columbia to perform any great
or small work, without a call upon the national
Treasury for aid. Now, sirvI am informed that
the Metropolitan Railroad Company lias been a
persistent beggar befoce Congress for an appro-
priation for its benefit for years; and that alone
would induce me to vote against giving it this
franchise; for we have no* assurance that next
year it will not be again ijnportuning Congress
for an appropriation to build this veiy road that
we can have, but without expense to the national
Treasury. I shall vote against giving aid to that
company in any event.
Mr. BRIGHT. In reply to the remarks of
the Senator from Michigan, I will simply say
that this company have been persistent beggars
before Congress for aid to the extent that Mich-
igan and many other States m the Union have
been. They have asked a grant of land to aid
them in constructing their road within the limits
of the District of Columbia. They did not ask a
grant of land within the District—for the District,
of coursc, contains no public lands; but they asked
a grant of land wherever the United States is the
owner of land, to the same amount that has been
given for the same distance of road in the States.
Congress, as they had a right to do, refused to
make the grant.
Mr. GREEN. This is a subject into which I
have not looked critically; but in all such cases
I am predisposed to go by the result of the inves-
tigations made by the appropriate committee; but
it turns out in debate that when the present prop-
osition now pending is to be considered, other
questions must first be decided. One is the ex-
tension of the road to the north gafe of the navy-
yard. I do not think we ought to predjudice the
eastern half of the city of Washington. If it be
proper to extend the road there, let us do so; and
if it be necessary first to decide what the Capitol
extension is to be, and that bill being pending be-
fore us for consideration, may it i)Ot be proper
first to decide that, arid then determine the route
of the road, and the terminus upon the east as
well upon the west? With that view, as it is
growing late, and it is Saturday night, I move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. KENNED Y. I trust not. I hope we shall
get clear of this question.
Mr. HALE. Order!
Mr. MALLORY. I ask my friend to with-
draw the motion for a moment, that we may have
an executive session.
Mr. GREEN. It is too late; I insist on my
motion.
Mr. KENNEDY. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the adjournment.
Mr. BROWN. An adjournment is an indefi-
nite postponement of the subject.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being ,
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 26; as follows: <
YEAS—Messrs. Dicrler, Che&nut,CIa\, Crittenden, Davis, >
Fuch, Fitzpatuck, Green, Houston. Hunter, Johnson ot •
Tennessee, Jonet, Mallory, Pe.uce, Polk, Pugh, Sebastian, I
Slideil. Smart, Toomh^. and WTtid—21. |
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayaid. Bell, Bright, Brodenck, .
Brown, Cameron, Chandlei, Clark, Dixon. Doolutie, Dong- i
las, Fessenden, Fobtei, Halo, Hamlin, Hailan, lveisoii, !
Kennedy, King^ Mason, lietd, Rice, Simmons, Wade, and !
Wilson—26.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Vir-
ginia.
Mr. PEARCE. The only objection I have
heard made to the amendment of the Senatorfrom
Virginia is, that if it be added, the bill must be
lost in the House of Representatives. Now, sir,
I understand the Senatorfrom Mississippi to have j
offered a paper here, not in the nature of an amend- j
ment, but a sort of honorary and honorable obli- ;
gation on the part of these persons to agree to i
something of this sort hereafter. If they cue will- ;
ing to accept an amendment of that sort, to come
under an obligation that is in any respect binding,
who can suppose that the House of Represent-
atives—that being an additional object of public
utility-—would squabble over it; that they will not
readily adopt at once such an amendment, which
subserves the public convenience and is accept-
able to the parties? When it is said an amend-
ment of that sort will defeat the bill, I am com-
pelled to think there is another apprehension
behind—an apprehension that the bill may be
defeated, not, indeed, because that amendment is
offered, but because any opportunity to the House
of Representatives to act upon it will defeat it;
and that I apprehend to be the fact, whether it be
in the minds of gentlemen here or not.
Mr BROWN. I beg pardon of the Senator
from Maryland. The friends of this bill have no
such apprehension; but all of us who have ever
served m the House of Representatives know the
difficulty of getting up any proposition of this
kind in that House at a late day of the session.
We only apprehend that this bill, if sent back j
there with any amendment, may be lost amid the j
general anxiety which attends the passage of ,
bills of an important public character. There 1
are amendments to the bill which 1 should be will-
ing to adopt if 1 did not apprehend that, by send- ;
ing it back at all, it would get into the general ,
mass of business which is overlooked and lost. -
Now, sir, I msi§t that, so far as this amendment
is concerned, the corporators have asked the priv-
ilege of doing precisely what the Senator from
Virginia proposes to co'mpel them to do, and that
Congress has leserved, m the language which I
have mid before, and which I propose now to
read again, the power to compel them to do it, if
they shall wish to back out.from it. I refer to
this provision of the bill:
<c The Congress of the United States heieby icservcs the
right to alter, amend, or annul tins act at pleiisUic."'
These parties have petitioned for the privilege,
jj and have put their petitions upon the recoul.
ij They have asked to be allowed to extend their
Si road from the west gate of the Capitol to the
11 north gate of the navy-yard; and you reserve to
ji yourselves, by this bill, the right to compel them
to do it, if they shall ever undertake to back out
from their own proposition. What more do you
want ?
Mr. HUNTER.. I do not feel the force of the
objection uwd by the Senatorfrom Mississippi;
for if we wcie to compel them to go to the navy-
yard, the line of the railroad would be as much
fixed as i.i the western gate of the Capitol grounds.
If you enlarge the giounds, you have to move
both.
Mr. BROWN. I answered that objection be- !
fore. There is no proposition pending anywhere
to extend the western gate of the Capitol grounds
more than a squatc, or two squares at the outside.
That would lequirethc taking up, upon a smooth
surface, of only a very small piece of the road; but
if you require them'to goaround the Capitol, it is
nearly three quarters of'n mile; and it requires a
very heavy outlay. Will you requiie these par-
ties to lay down that road at once, at a lars^ ex-
pense, without knowing where you wont them to
lay it?
Mr. HUNTER. The effect, then, would be
this: they establish this part of the tine, and the
citizens of the navy-yard region would be cutoff
from their usual accommodations in omnibuses,
because you break up the line of omnibuses from
Georgetown to the navy-yard, and you do not
substitute for them what you substitute for the j
remainder of the city, and that is this horse-rail- ,
way. You ought in justice to establish both at
the same time, and they ought not to bo left to
their own resources, when you cut off the omni-
bus line and establish a railroad for this part, '
whilst they are denied equal privileges. I think ,
you ought to begin with the whole line, and if a
change in the Capi/ol grounds requires a changc
in the western gate, it may require also a change
to the navy-jrard, and I suppose the expense of:
moving the rails from one sti net to another, would
not be vciy great, as it is a mere horsc-radway.
The effect of this amendment would be to require
them to afford these facilities to the people in that
portion of the city at the same time that they af-
ford them to the people elsewhere.
Mr. IVEEtSON. I am opposed to this amend-
ment for a single reason, which I will state to the
Senate. I consider it wholly unnecessary legis-
lation. This is a privilege. The privilege of
constructing a horse-railroad from the western
gate of the Capitol to the navy-yard is a privilege
which is sought for, and will be sought for. It
is unnecessary that we should force this upon any
body. If you leave it open, this company has
already asked for the privilege, and next year half
a dozen other companies will come and ask you
to give them the privilege. There is no sort of
necessity for adding an amendment to this bill to
force this company to take it. If'you leave it
open, competition will come;—half a dozen com-
panies will ask you to do it. There c&e no diffi-
culties about getting a horse-railroad to1 tb$;na?y-
yard—not the least in the world.
The Senator from Virginia is mistaken in sup-
posing that there is an omnibus line from the
navy-yard to Georgetown. There is no such
thing. There is,an omnibus line from the navy-
yard to Sixth street, and there itstops; and if this
railroad is constructed from Georgetown to the
western gate of the Capitol, there will be an om-
nibus line from the western gate to the navy-
yard, which will accommodate them as well as
they are accommodated now; and whenever you
want one, you can get a railroad built without
any difficulty, bccause there will be plenty of
companies that will ask for this privilege. It
will be a very valuable franchise. This very
company asked for it; but I am not in favor of
granting it now; bccause if you do grant it, of
course the bill will be defeated by carrying it
back to the House of Representatives.
Mr. MALLORY. The friends of this bill are
pursuing a most extraordinary course, and one
that I think ought certainly to defeat it; and I
trust will have that effect. We have heard the
Senator from Maine [Mr. Hamlin] declare that
this franchise was not worth a dollar, a dime, or
a cent; and his argument would induce the Senate
to believe that these three disinterested gentle-
men volunteered -to lay down this road without
the hope of profit. Wo are told by a friend, on
the other side of the House, no less strenuous,
that this is a valuable franchise—so valuable that
it will be competed for, and we can get the road
built. Now, it has rather a questionable ap-
pearance, when this reasonable amendment of
the Senator from Virginia is sought to be ruled
out. The only difficult part of this road-to be
built, is that from the western gate of the Capitol
to the navy-yard, to go around this hill. We
are told here that the power is reserved in this?
bill, in the hands of Congress, to compel them to
build that road, if we should s^ay so. J do not so
read it. The power is reserved to alter this con-
tract or annul it; but there is no power here to
compel them-to build a new road, which this is
entirely, as long as the other one, nearly.
Who are the parties to bo subserved? What
interests are to be advanced here? The bill pur-
ports on its face to be, and those who sustain it
m argument say it is, for the convenience of the
people of the city of Washington. Are you to
leave out that large section of laboring men east
of your Capitol who daily have to seek a market?
A line of oninibjjses now carries them to Sixth
street from the navy-yard, and are you to estab-
lish two distinct lines, to drop them down ai the
west gate here, and impose on them a double
fare? Is that the idea? That will be the effect
of it.
We are told, too, that the proposition of the
Senator from Maryland must be-rejected. I was
struck with n. Here they propose to build a
roadgratuitously, securing to the people of Wash-
ington the same privileges, extending their road
as has been set forth, and that is to be rejected.
Why, sir, the advantages there are immeasur-,
ably greater, and it is to be rejected on the bald,
asseition that the Alexandria Company intend
only to build their load to the city of Washing-
ton.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question? If I understand him,
he says the Metropolitan Company propose to
build the road gratuitously. What do I under-
stand by that? Are they not to charge anything
for passengers;
Mi. MALLORY. Certainly; I do not under-
stand that anybody will carry passengers for
nothing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then what is meant by
building a road in this city gratuitously? I sup-
pose they will have the same pay as the others
would have.
Mr. MALLORY. We are told now that we
are"to reject all amendments; that however reason-
able those amendments are, they must be rejected,
because, if made, the bill will be lost. Driven to
the wall the Senatorfrom Pennsylvania who sus-
tains this bill puts forth that as an argument. It
is none. If the bill is defective and does nut
secure the rights of those parties whose rights
