676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
ought to bo secured, we should amend it; and
they have a right to come here and demond this
at oar hands when we are legislating for one part
of the city. If the bill is faulty it ought to be
amended. If we put in an obligation to com-
mence the road from the gate of the navy-yard,
certainly it imposes more onerous duties on this
company, and if the other House would pass the
bill without it, it would pass more readily with
the amendment.* I do not think there is.any va-
lidity in the objection of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, If we put in this clause I might possi- j
bly be induced to vote for (he bill. Secure the !
"rights of all parties equally, and I might possibly 1
be induced to vote for it; but under no circum-
stances, in my judgment, ought the bill to pass as
it is.
Mr. HUNTER. I state an a matter of fact
that they seem to have waked up very late to a
sense of the justice of extending it to the navy-
yard, because I was applied to more than four
weeks ago m behalf of the people living around
the navy-yard, and asked to offepsuch an amend-
ment.
Mr. STUART. I have only a few wovds to
say on this subject at the present time, and they
are in regard to the question, mainly, for that is
the question, whether the Senate shall have any-
thing to do with the legislation of the country or
not. The argument is brought up here that if
the Senate amend the bill, it is dead. Then you
might as well abolish the Senate. The argument,
wheri reduced to plain English, is, that the House
of Representatives is to pass a hill to suit itself,
and send it here, and then it is to be urged that
the Senate must not amend it, because if they do,
it'is lost. Is not that an argument that ought to
astonish the Senate- and the country ? The ques-
tion here is: is it the judgment of the Senate that
this amendment ought to be adopted ? That is the
question Senators ought to detenuine' in tlx*
judgment of the Senate, ought this amendment to
be adopted r If so. the Senate will have discharged
its duty in adopting it.
But, sir, 1 am a 4iule surprised at the honora-
ble Senator from Mississippi. If this lull goes
back to the bioudc of Representatives ami it is
killed, that is the very thing he wants, lie has
told us several times that is the thing he desirry,
and the Senator from Maine, on the sumo com-
mittee, [Mr. Hamlin,] has told us the same thing.
They are opposed to any railroad through this
avenue. If tins effect is to be produced, certainly
these gentlemen ought to vote for the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. Will the Senator allow me to
say a word here?
Mr. STUART. Certainly. •
Mr. BROWN. If killing the bill now were its
final death, \ should go for destroying il; but
then; is a public sentimuntundniying a proposi-
tion of this sort; it is to be brought baek upon us
at the next .session: you only kill it for one ses-
sion. Them is a vitality in this measure that
will keep it alive and throw it upon us again; but
as I have twice or tlnee times to-dav expressed
it, I think if the franchise is to be given to any-
body, it ought to be given to these parties. If 1
could kill the thing so dead that It would never
be revived, 1 would give it its death-blow at any
' moment,
Mr. STUART. "Sufficient unto the day is
the evil thereof," in an old a'nd a true maxno. it
will answer the Senator's puipose fur to-day to
kill it to-day, and when it comes back hero again
and does not satisfy him, ft will answer his pur-
pose to kill it, and then to keep killing it.
Now, sir, a word in regard to this idea of pub-
lic sentiment. There is a bad atmosphere about
hero to learn that sentiment. There is a manu-
factured sentiment, and theie is a irason for the
manufacture. This franchise is a valuable one,
and k does not require a man five minutes with a
slate to cypher it out. It will not cost one fourth
as much to build this road, and run it ten years
with cars, as it will to run a line of omnibuses. A
mun can satisfy himself of it in half an hour. A
single car upon this road wiii outlast ten omni-
buses on the avenue, and the cost of a car will not
exceed that of an omnibus. A horse can draw
twice or three times the load on this railroad that
he can in an omnibus. There is very little wear
and tear even of the road itself. What breaks up
our great railroads is the immense engines and the
immense freight trains upon them; but hero is a
light passenger car with twenty or thirty persons
in it, running on a track laid down on a solid bed
which is permanent.
It is said here that this is notgood for anything
in a pecuniary point of view, and yet your Cap-
itol js surrounded by men urging its passage and
telling you, " do not let it go back to the House;
j^f you do, it will never see the light again. This
i thing is within our grasp now, and we cannot wait
| until to-morrow to seize it." Why, sir, I am
! amazed.
Mr. POLK. I suggest that it is now half past
j four o'clock.
| Mr. STUART. I want to say a few words in
j regard to this question of danger. Sir, according
ltd the rules of the House of Representatives,
j which have been referred to hero, House bills
1 with Senate amendments stand on the Speaker's
| table the first business m order after Executive
.messages. It is the very first business. There
i is nothing in this amendment which requires it
to be referred to a committee of the House, or to
' go to a Comnu'tee of the Whole. It is m the
| power of the House, by a majority, whenever
!; they choose, to act upon it. A majority can go
il to the Speaker's table, and a majority can pass
this bill. Now, we know something of the rules
of the House of Representatives. The lih-a is
that if there is an " i " dotted or a " t" dossed, or
anything that sends this bill back to the House
of ite]u.'S( ntatives, woe betide it. Sir, 1 am tired
of that sort of argument. The Senate is a legis-
lative body that is bound to exercise its judgment,
and eneh Senator has a right to the exercise of
i, ins judgment here.
'I The proposition of the Senatoi from Virginia i;j
a sound one, a wise one. If tin re are to or rtul-
!l way connections along the avenue, the7 ehould
. eNLtcs.cl from the navy-yard through to (Jeurgo-
; town ; end, as tlm Senator has welt said, you c m-
; not maintain an omnibus line at each end of this
railway. You cannot have one fiom heie to ihr
! navy-yard, and from the line of Georgetown to
! the ! [eights. Hut th' v are going to do this Iuto-
( after; they want to do it—accotuing to the argu-
; nient of the Senator iiom Missi Mppi — in uieir
!i inemoual: thry air aching to do if Then, h < us
■ | give them an amendment which will allow ih *m
j to do it. 1 ,oi u« giatify these patriots now: put
' j il on the hill, and if 1 hei e i.; .sue is lit) ovn whelm-
"I mg public,sentiment it will i\(! nowhere with more
Jfoice than it will on the House of lu'presenta-
t-.ves. They will take up this amendment and
;; pass it.
'I Hut it is saul here to be a great damage when
!! we extend the Capitol groumis, tor them to have;
|, to take up this road. W hat will it cost ? What
v. ill j t oubt t.> 1 xy it down r What will it co^t to
t.ike it up, and lay it down agaui, ? As you ex-
■ tend three grounds south or not t h, vou seduce the
grade; the i.aade is much higher \\ here tliey would
,! have to go now. k is reduced lapidiy as you go
south or north: and if ihey were going to make
, | the conned ion to-dav, and you would allow them
,, to do it, they would make money by going to the
!; outside of where you piopose to take your
'■ g/ounds, bemuse Uuu would save the grade. Ihu,
" sir, fhey can make money enough in one week
;j with this fianchif.e to payior taking up this load
b am! laying it down again. This amendment, if in
]i the judgment of the Senate it is right, ought to
I ho adopted. That is all. We shall have dis-
charged our duty, and when we have done so, the
| duty will be devolved upon the House of Uepre-
sentativon to discharge theirs; and if it should
!' turn out as the Senator from Maryland said, that
i' the House \WU not pass this bill again, then, 1
1' say, Senators here who are opposed to the whole
ij affau , will have their ends gratified.
Ii Mr. HA LIS. Mr. President 
ij Tim L'R&UDENT pro tempore. The Senator
II from M-uro.
■i Mr. HALE. The Chair is mistaken about
i where I live. 1 live very near to the bne of Maine;
; it is only about four miles from where I live in
; New Hampshire. I have sat here this afternoon
ij somewhat impatiently, i am opposed to working
'i on Saturday afternoons. "When I was a boy I
- never used to go to school on Saturday afternoon,
ji 1 always vote to adjourn over Saturday, and I
j: always shall, for 1 think wc shall be able to do
!: Il\e public business better in that mode. I have
•j sat here all this afternoon impatiently under these
I! debates on this little two-mile horse-railroad. It
has looked to me as if the Senate of the United
States are rather corning down when they devote
a whole day, and an extraordinary day of ses-
sion to it; but since I have heard the Senator from
Michigan, I am converted entirely. I think the
day has been well spent, and it would be well to
spend a little more time on this subject, and for
that reason I have got up. [Laughter.]
The suggestion the Senator from Michigan
made which converted me is, that it is a question
which towers up above all horse-railroads, and
all Pacific railroads, and magnetic telegraphs,
and everything of that sor t, because, m his imagi-
nation—and he has given it to us gravely, de-
liberately, and emphatically—it is a question
whether the Senate has anything to do with the
, legislation of the country or not. Now, sir, I am
for the Senate; and if that is the question, if that
I is the real question which is involved, in this
i horse-railroad, 1 am against it. [Laughter.]
! The PRES1 DENT pro tempore rapped with his
gavel.
Mr. HALE. You did not knock me, sir—did
you ? [Laughter.] I confess that the question
presents itself to me in an aspect entirely different,
i It presents itself to my mind in a much more
terrific aspect than any view in which I have
been m the habit of looking upon it. Rut, sir, I
' think the Senator from MV'higan is mistaken. I
cannot but think that the privilege and preroga-
tives of the Senate will be preserved whether this
horse-railrond be incorporated or not. 1 do not
believe their track will go through the Capitol
| grounds, or in any other way intoifere with us;
, and even if this railroad bill should be passed to-
night, wc shall come here at twelve o'clock on
Monday, and commence the discharge of our
^ Junctions exactly as well as if the bill had not
■ passed
Now, sir, le?u ing this train of reflection, I think
really and e:\nd idly, notwithstanding all this, that
there has been time enough spent on this road. I
do not care a single cent which of these parties
; has U. 1 am not acquainted with a single indi-
1 vidua! in either of these coiporations. Seveial
people have ta'ked to me on both sides of the
1 question, but I have hnd so little interest in it as
a matter between the two, that I do not remem-
ber who is for one and who is for the other. I
think the public convenience requires this horse-
raihoad, and if you go to Philadelphia you will
find the best demonstration of their utility that
you can find in the eount>y. Two years ago m
that city people were remonstrating against the
construction of horse-railroads, because they were
going to be so mjui ious to the interests and prop-
, eity of the city. Now, when those very gcntle-
| Man .uhriuse their property for eale, they give
! it as an extra inducement to purchasers to offer
a high price, that it is situated on one of these
' horee-iailroads.
! The orgument that it is inconvenient and inex-
i pedient to amend a bill and send it back to the
. House of Representatives, because by that means
the lull will be lost, is not new m the Senate. It
! has been made, I think, every session since I have
I been a m'ember of the Senate; and that is now
i moie than ten years. Senators have acted upon
; ii; and, m my humbi-*> judgment, with great pro-
, pnety. Although wo a>'ea great body, and have
none hut hirge views of things, we are obliged, m
: the pracnerd business of life, and in the practical
1 business of the Senate, to ask what may possibly
be the effect, in the contingencies of legislation at
tho elo^e of a session, what may be the probable
eilrct of an amendment here to a bill that is be-
fore us. 1 do not say whether it is proper or not,
but 1 say it has been the univeisal practice; and
; I have never attended a session of the Senate, for
! legislative purposes, where that consideration was
1 not made more than once; and it is a legitimate
i consideration, not to overpower us, not to mtim-
i idate us with the idea that we are a mere tail to
i the House's kite; hut because it is proper to con-
1 sider as practical men when we do a thing, what
I is to be the effect of it: and, if the effect of it is to
j be to kill or postpone a practical measure which
! we consider to be useful, it is a legitimate and
! proper argument to be introduced; and, to my
i raind, it is" not derogatory to any Senator to make
! it, or to the Senate to listen it; and it does not
j involve any of those tremendous considerations
I which have been so forcibly impressed upon us.
I Mr. STUART. I am not at all surprised at the
