54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 15,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Right of Visitation.
Ho. or Reps.
only question would be, whether a judge has the
right to acquire or possess real or any other es-
tate; for, if he does, he may be subject, to the
imputation of not disclosing his interest, or dis-
closing it to the imputation of looking to his own
court for the support of his title, or of putting
the opposite party to inconvenience of his being
incapacitated from silting because of interest; or,
if he be a Federal judge, of the transfer of the
ca'ee to the judicial district of another State. All
these are possible inconveniences of the judge
having property; but, on the other hand, lie must
live, to be a judge. It is not the policy of the
country to give large salaries to judges; and, as
public servants, it is desirable that a judge should
have property, not only for the support of his
own dignity and the respectability of his family,
but.also in order that he may be interested, in
common with his fellow-citizens, in the conserva-
tion of individual rights and of public ord-;r. if
this involves occasional inconveniences to indi-
viduals, it also involves great and permanent con-
venience and benefit to ail other* and to the whole
of society.
Judge Watrous, it appears fiom the evidence,
instead of being justly subject to the imputation
of being intciested unduly in land speculations,
as has been charged, or engaged in such, in com-
mon with suitors in his eouit, or having sought
to use his court for personal advantage in any
such relation, hasbeen more than usually reserved
in this respect; it being proved hy several wit-
nesses as well as avowed by himself", that tiny is
the only purchase of land which he has made
duiing the twelve year* lie has been on the bench,
and these the only cases of tiaiM'ei, because of
his being inteiesU'd, This is a fact winch is most
important to be considered in judging the (juestion
of the appreciation of Judge WalnutsaUs by
the House.
In view of thr«se facts, the undersigned do not
deem it necessary to analyze the great mass of
evidence adduced, touching the deiaih of the
transaction, or to compare and sift (lie testimony
on both sides of the particular questions of tact.
They do not think it is proved: on the contiary,
they think it is disproved, tlnti Judge Walious
intended or expected any advantage in the case,
fiom Jus o(fiend jTositiou, oi (hat he u-;ed it in any
way whatever to that end, or that In.-, mt.-M-st oc-
casioned any prejudice to any body, or any incon-
venience, except in the tianslei of the to
the adjoining district, w hich is the ordinal y j>os-
sible incident of the possession of propel ty by a
Federal judge.
Much evidence was taken by the committee a.s
to a power of attorney, which was put m ns evi-
dence of the chain of title in these case:;. It semis
that Simon Mussina has i ecently entered into pai i-
n<T ship with Thomas de la Vega to attack Un-
title derived undei him, alleging (hat what pm poi ts
to he the power ofattorney given by La Vena lo
William^ is not a genuine instiuinen:. But the
proof is ample in the case (ha! the power possesses
all the indicia of authenticity; thai it lias Ik en ie-
c< ived as such since the year when n pur-
ports to have been given; that neither Judge. Waf-
rous, nor either of his associates, ever heard or
suspected, or had any reason to suspect, that it
was not genuine, until within a ycai or two—that
is, six years afterthe purchase;and that they ffi 11
confidently believe it to be authentic, and that 'he
contrary asseition is but a step m the plan of at-
tack on then ti'le by Mussina. And the panics
have, as the undersigned think, pursued a lawful
and proper course m the moans adopted by them
to prove the genuineness of the powei, and to
defend their rights and their repuiat'on m the
premises; and that, as a pending controversy of
private right, the undersigned think it belongs to
the courts exclusively to judge, and the decision
of which cannot rightfully bo pi (judged hy the
House of Representatives.
Objection has been made al<o to the fact that
Judge Wtiirous feat on the trial of another case,
that of I;(lord vs. Dykes, in winch the same
power was involved. But it is cleaily proved that
Judge Wutrous had no interest in the case; that
this power was put in by agieetnent without ;
being read, or any question raised upon it. and if I
there had been, it would not have constitute d a '
case of disqualifying interest, which, like that of!
a witness, must be direct interest in the issue, as
lately decided in an important leading case involv-
ing the interest of Lord Chancellor Cottonham.
The undersigned, therefore, have no hesitation
in coming to the conclusion that there is no just
grounds presented for the impeachment of J udge
Watrous, and they recommend the adoption of
the following resolution:
Resolved, Tiiat the testimony taken before the Commit-
tee on tlio Judiciaiy in the ease of the (Jon. John (1, Wat-
loiH, indge of the district eouit of the United States foi the
eastern disuict of Texas, is insufficient to justify the pie-
(eiuifui ot atiteie-> of impeachment against ium for lngh
entries and mi-demeanors in office.
CHARLES READY,
M. W. TAPPAN,
BURTON CRAIGE.
I concur in the above resolution reported by my
colleagues of the committee, being of opinion,
fiom the whole evidence adduced, that no proof
i of corrupt intent on thepartof Judge Watrous is
| established, and feeling satisfied that his convic-
j tion lor high crimes and misdemeanors would be
j against the truth and justice of the case, as the
i same is presented before the committee.
i I am not satisfied to vote an impeachment upon
; the ascertainment of what is commonly termed
I probable causes ; nor do I regard the principles
j of the common law relative to proceedings before
1 grand juries applicable to cases of impeachment
; under the Constitution of the United Kiates.
j The House of Representatives ought, m my
1 judgment, to look beyond a prima, facie case, and
; failing to discover in the evidence disclosed any
! fact inconsistent with judicial integrity on the
p.nl ol Judge Watious, and /hiding satisfactory
explanations of the circumstanccs, from which
auspicious of such integrity may have arisen,
should decline subjecting the accused to the ex-
puusw and hazard of an impeachment.
JJ. b\ CLARK.
i ~~
: ofAinj'i'h'iu) !>y ©iKrer* of
! (lie iSriSi-.la fireivy.
The following message from the President of
the Umlod States, and the accompanying corre-
spondence, were iaid before the House of Repre-
sentatives on the 15th instant, m answer to a reso-
lution of the House calling for information in
reu-renee to reported acts oi visitation by officers
of the British navy of American vessels in the
wateis of the G ulf of Mexico.
Executive Office,
Wasiiinutok, December Jf>, 3858.
, Sin: In compliance with a resolution of the
1 House of Representatives of the I3th instant, re-
questing the President of the United States, if not
: inconsistent with the public iuteiests, i( to com-
municate eJl the information in his possession, or
which may shortly come into his possession, re-
specting the reported recent acts of visitation by
, oliieers of (he British navy of American vessels in
(lie waters of the Gulf of Mexico," I transmit the
, accompanying reports from the Secretaries of
, State and of tiioNavy. The report from the Sec-
| ii'fmy of State is not, in strictness, embraced by
, the terms of the resolution, but I deem it advis-
' able to communicate to the House the informa-
tion therein contained.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Hon. James L. Orr, Speaker, fyc.
Department of State,
Washington, December jo, iboS.
The Secretary ot State, to whom was referred
the resolution of i he Llouse of Representatives of
the Kith instant, lequesting the President, if not
inconsistent with the public interests, to commu-
nicate to that House u all information in his pos-
session, or winch may shortly come into his pos-
session, respecting reported recent acts of visita-
tion by officers of the British navy of American
vessels in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico," has
the honor to report that no official information
concerning these proceedings has been received
by this Department.
As connected, however, with the general sub-
ject of the resolution of the House, the Secretary
I of State has the honor to submit herewith extracts
from a dispatch to this Department, received on
the 14th instant from the Minister of the Unitc'd
States in London, which reports a conversation
had by him on the 26th ultimo with Lord Malmes-
| bury, her Majesty's Principal Secretary of State
| for Foreign Affairs. In relation to the first para-
| graph of this reported conversation, referring to
a communication supposed to have been made by
the Butish Minister atWashington to the Presi-
dent, it is deemed proper, for the purpose "of cor-
recting an evident misapprehension, to transmit
herewith the accompanying copy of a note from
Lord Napier, which, with his lordship's consent,
is placed at the disposal of the President.
By direction of the Piesident, the Secretary of
State also transmits herewith a copy of his note
to the Minister of the United States at Madrid,
dated October 21,1858, and extracts from the reply
of that Minister, dated November 15, and received
yesterday at tins Department, together with the
copy of a memorandum, which occompanicd it,
of the Spanish Minister's observations, as fur-
nished by the Assistant Secretary of State at
Madrid.
Respectfully submitted. LEWIS CASS.
To the President.
J\h\ Dallas (o Mr. Cass.—[Extracts.]
[No. 138.] Legation of the United States,
London, November 26, 1858.
Sin: Having just returned from the Foreign
Office, i have the honor to report thdisubstance
of my conversation with the Earl of Malmesbury.
After receiving me with frankness and cordiality,
his lordship said that he had invited this inter-
view because he was aware that my letters for
Washington would go forward to-morrow, and
he wished me to convey in them some few remarks
fiom him.
1. Loid Napier had communicated to the Pres-
ident the treaty negotiated by Sir W. G. Ouseley
with the Minister from Nicaragua. It was believed
thai no objection was expressed to its provisions.
One of its objects was to terminate the Mosquito
protectorate.
2. Sir W. G. Ouseley was hy this time at Nic-
aragua, and would exert himself to obtain the
ratification of the treaty; m doing winch, it was
indispensable that he should be protected by the
presence of a naval force from any violence med-
itated by filibusters.
3. The two Governments harmonized perfectly
in their determination to arrest or crush the rav-
ages of General Walker and his associates. Noth-
ing could be more entirely just and satisfactory
than the Piesident's proclamation.
4. He had, however, been much surprised at
the contents of a recent letter from Lord Napier,
which stated that General Cass considered the
ordeis issued for the protection of Sir W. G.
Oos< ley to be incompatible with the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty. These oideis were to the effect
that, if the Government of Nicaragua required for
their defense from filibusters the actual interven-
tion of military power, a suitable armed force was
to land, seize the offenders, and hand them over,
if Americans, to the nearest authority of the Uni-
ted States; having done this, to retire immediate-
ly. His lordship could not understand why such
a proceeding should be regarded as in violation
of that aiticle of the treaty which interdicted "oc-
cupation," [dominion,] especially as a clause of
the Cass-Irissari treaty, with which this Govern-
ment found no fault, but, on the contrary, desired
to see effected, provided for exactly the same soft
of temporary assistance. It was impossible to
allow their diplomatic representative to have his
object cut short by marauders. When the treaty
wras disposed of, there would be an end of their
interference. Thus far as to Central America.
5. In regard to Mexico, his lordship described
Spain as extremely irritated by the cruelties in-
flicted upon Spaniards, and as threatening to send
a fleet to punish and exact redress. England,
however, had successfully persuaded delay. Mex-
ico was in so distracted a condition that she could
scarcely be said to have a responsible Govern-
ment. England had herself been grossly outraged
m the person of Mr. Hanson, whose treatment
could best be resented, in the opinion of the law
