1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Right of Visitation.
Ho. of Reps.
officers of the Crown, by a British fleet sent to
Tampico. Her Majesty's Government, how-
ever, were averse to any strong measure, which
might make things worse than they a.lready are,
and the severity of which would probably fall
upon the innocent. It was difficult to say to what
result the disordered state of Mexico must lead if
the natjpns interested in her well-being forbore
to intervene. # # # #
My solicitude in this narrative has been to give
the leading ideas ofLord Malmesbury. Of course,
he was not unfrequently interrupted by comments
from myself, which ied to collateral explanations.
Among other things, I remarked that the provis-
ion in the Cass-Irissari treaty which seemed to
me rather to carry out than to violate the Clay-
ton-Buhver treaty, by securing for all equally the
safe and uninterrupted transit, was essentially
different in its character from Admiralty orders,
which, amid the struggles of parties, left to the
discretion of naval officers whom to recognize as
the de facto Government of Nicaragua, and whom
to denounce for British pursuit and dispersion as
filibusters. If the popular party now m motion
acquired strength, their adversaries would, as a
matter of course, brand them with that odious
name, and call for British suecor; thus installing 1
foreign troops to settle the political destinies of ]
the country. That was a consequence to which j
the President and people of the United States could
not be supposed insensible; which, of all things,
was most repugnant to the spirit and terms of the
Clayton BuKvor treaty; and which could not pos-
sibly follow from the application, as contemplated
by General Cass, of merely such temporary force
as might be thought by Nicaragua herself neces-
sary to keep the transit open for the common con-
venience. His lordship insisted that boih land-
ings in the two cases were equally right, or equally
right or equally wrong; he esteemed them to be
right; and certainly any attempt by filibusters to
defeat the operations of Sir W. G. Ouseley would
be put down.
i also incidentally remarked that t regretted that
his lordship had expressed some leaning in favor
of Mr. Belly's project. He disclaimed having
done so. Mr. Belly was patronized neither by
England nor France. He was a speculating ad-
venturer. Jt was immaterial by whom the work
of openin£*the transit was effected. If any citi-
zen of the United States held an unexpired orun-
forfeited contiact, he would be entitled to go on.
He was not intimate with the merits of the sev-
eral claimants to contracts.
Again, m the couiseof the interview I referred,
with probably an honest feeling, to the aliened
"joint note" addressed by the French and Brit-
ish Ministers to our Government respecting Mr.
Belly's contract. He promptly and emphatically
denied that any thing of the sort had been written
or ever contemplated.
The rumor of themorning, coimmgdirect from
Pans, was adverted to—that an Anglo-French
fleet had orders to proceed to the Gulf of Mexico.
That rumov, he said, had lowered the funds. It
was, nevertheless, utterly destitute of foundation.
I can perceive that the discovery of the golden
sands m Fraser river, leading to the creation of
the new colony of British Columbia, has increased
the solicitude for isthmian loutes of transit. In
other respects the pacific dispositions of thisGov-
ernment do not appear to have changed. Lord
Malmcsbury several times remarked that it was
best to accomplish one aim at a time; th;U the dis-
relished protectorate of the Mosquitoes was finally
disposed of in Sir William's treaty; that as soon
as the English guarantee applied to the Nicara-
guan loute, capital, science, and labor, would
hasten to accomplish the work, however for-
midable it appeared. #■ *• *
I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient
servant, G. M. DALLAS.
To the Hon. Lewis Cass, Secretary of State.
[Private.] H. B. M. Legation,
Washington, December 16, 1838.
My dear Sir: I have the honor to acknowl-
edge the receipt of your letter marked "Pri-
vate." of yesterday's date, refernng to an ac- j.
count wh;ch has icached you from Mr. Dallas, ji
recapitulating a conversation which that Minis- il
i ter had recently held with the Secretary of State
i for Foreign Affairs.
j The Earl of Malmesbury is reported to have
! stated on that occasion that—
i "Lord Napier had communicated to the Presi-
! dent the treaty negotiated by Sir William Gore
1 Ouseley with the "Minister from Nicaragua. It
! was believed that no objection was expressed to
i its provisions. One of its objects was to termin-
i ate the Mosquito protectorate."
j I conceive that what the Earl of Malmesbury
I intended to convey to Mr. Dallas was this:
| " Lord Napier has imparted verbally to Gen-
j eral Cass the general sense of a projected treaty
j which Sir William Gore Ouseley is instructed to
[ negotiate with Nicaragua, one of the objects of
| which is to terminate the Mosquito protectorate,
; and to which no objection whs expiessed by the
! United States Government."
I I have not had the honor of holding any per-
' sonal communication with the President on this
I subject.
! In so far as I am informed no treaty has, as
yet, been concluded by Sir William Gore Ouse-
ley with any agent on the part of Nicaragua.
I remain, my dear sir, yours very truly,
NAPIER.
The Hon. Lewis Cass, Secretary of State.
Mr. Cass to Mr. Dodge.—[Confidential.]
[No. 6G.] Department of State,
Washington, October 21, 1858.
Sir: Late arrivals from Europe brin? us re-
ports that a naval and military armament is about
1 to leave Spam, destined to attack Mexico, with
i a view, it is rumored, to acquire political ascend-
! ency there, talcing advantage of the distracted
, condition of that unfortunate Republic. Under
j these circumstances, I have thought it proper to
ask your attention on this sulqcct.
| You are aware of the position taken by the
I United States, that they will not consent to the
j subjugation of any of the independent States of
; this continent to European Powers, nor to the ex-
; crcise of a protectorate over them, nor to any
| other direct political influence to control their
i policy or institutions. Recent circumstances have
: given to this determination additional strength,
and it will be inflexibly adhered to, whatever
may be the consequences.
The subject is familiar to yon, and needs no il- j
lustration, i d<> not desire you to draw the atten- !
tion of the Spanish Ministry to it by any formal ;
communication; but it would be well to embrace ■
such favorable opportunities as may present them- j
selves to bring the matter incidentally to the at- ]
tention of the Minister of Foreign Affairs, tuid to 1
make known the interest which this Government ;
attaches to this subject; reminding him, at the j
same time, of the policy concerning it which has
been repeatedly declared by the United States,
and which will, in all human probability, never :
be departed from. j
With respect to the causes of war between
Spam and Mexico the United States have no j
concern, and do not undertake to judge them. I
Nor do they claim to interpose m any hostilities 1
which may take place. Their policy of observa- j
tion and mtei Terence is limited to the permanent :
subjugation of any portion of the territory of ;
Mexico, or of any other American State to any ;
European Power whatever. j
It is very desirable that this Government should j
know whether Spam is about to send a force to '
Mexico, and, if so, what is its strength; and,
also, what are the alleged causes and the avowed
designs. J will, therefore, thank you to commu- '
mcate all the information you can procure upon I
these points, and upon an}- others connected with !
this subject which you may deem important. ;
I am, sir, your obedient servant, (
LE WIS CASS. |
Augustus C. Dodge, Esq, &c., Madrid. 1
Mr. Dodge to J\Ir. Ca$*.—[Extract.] j
[No. 9G ] United States Legation-, I
Madrid, Abrember 35, 1858. .
Sir: I had the honor, on the 13th mutant, to ;
receive your No. G6, dated the 24th ultimo, asking
information iespecting the threatened hostilities '
between Spain and Mexico, and expressing" the
well-known determination of the United States to
resist^he subjugation by European Powers of any
of the independent States of our continent, with a
view to the exercise of a protectorate or apy other
political influence over the policy and institutions
of such States.
On the same day I soughtancl obtained an intei*-
view with Mr. Calderon Collantes, her Catholic
Majesty's Minister of State, causing your dispatch
to be read and translated to him, and at his request
I have since furnished him with a copy of the
same.
He took no exception whatever to any of the
views or determinations therein expressed. He
j assured mo most earnestly that in the movement
i which duty, honor, and self-respect"had constrain-
j ed his Government to makeagamstMcxico, Spain
I had not the most remote intention of interfering'
| with the well-known policy of the United States,
! as expounded by Mr. Monroe and reiterated by
yourself, or of attempting anything for the pres-
ent, more than to afford protection to her citizens,
and obtain redress for her injuries done them—he
averring that they had been robbed and maltreated
j in the most inhuman manner. He said that they
would not receive back j or attempt to govern Mex-
ico, or any of the South American States, were
she or .they to request such government to-mor-
row; that all Spain expected or desired in that
quarter was the retention in peacc of her present
possessions. lie went on to say that the enorm-
ities recently perpetrated upon his countrymen
were of such an atrocious character as to demand
the presence of a suitable naval force off Vera
! Cruz and Tampico, but that no troops to operate
i on land had been sent, and that the officers in
j command had been instructed to avoid, if possi-
j bie, any conflict with Mexico.
! As explanatory of what has been done, and the
1 reasons for doing it, I send you a translation (No.
; 1) of a memorandum of the observations of the
, Minister of State furnished to me after the inter-
1 view by J. T. Comyn, Esq., Assistant Secre-
tary of State, a gentleman who, when holding a
: diplomatic situation in London, was well known
to Piesideut Buchanan. -%•***
You will remember that I have always given it
as my impression that there would be no war, for
the reason that I have always believed that Eng-
i land and France would have sufficient influence
. to prevent it. But, to my surprise, I now learn
i from Mr. Collantes himself, as well as from the
; * * * that in the matters of recent com-
| plaint the Spanish Government have rejected, in
! the most emphatic manner, the proffered mter-
■ vention of the before-mentionetl Powers.
! I remain, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
, vant, A. C. DODGE.
| tion. Lewis Cass, Secretary of State.
\ [Translation No. 1.]
The excesses committed in " San Luis Potosi"
by the constitutional troops upon the subjects of
her Catholic Majesty induced the Captain Gen-
; eral Governor of Cuba to send to Tampico some
; vessels-of-war m order to guard against the rep-
! etition, ac the last named point, of the outrages
suffered at the former place. These vessels en-
tered the harbor of Tampico with permission
■ from the Governor of the place, and remained
. quiet spectators of the conflict which was then
raging.
; When General la Garza imposed upon the
' Spaniards a large war tax, putting in prison and
injuring those who, from want of moans, were
unable to pay il, the Captain Genera! of Cubade-
tenmncd upon sending to Tampico other vessels
of the roval navy. The expedition of these ves-
sels has for its sole object that of obtaining from
, General la Garza reparation for the losses and
; damages caused to the subjects of her Catholic
: Maiesty, refunding the amounts exacted from
them, and satisfaction for the so outrages. If to
obtain this end it should be necessary to employ
force, any measuies which may be adopted will
tend exclusively to the accomplishment of that
object, and to protect the Spaniards against the
excesses of the Mexicans. These measures will
have to be proportioned to the extent of the evil
