56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 15,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Right of Visitation.
Ho. of Reps.
they may have to encounter, but will never have
any other object than the one above indicated.
The instructions given to the commander of the
frigate Berenguela, who is the chief on the station
of Tampico, also include the protection of other
foreign subjects whose interests may be preju-
diced.
The assembling a respectable naval force at
Sacriiicios (Vera Cruz) is for the same purpose.
Knowingthetendency of the Mexicans to indulge
in a bitter persecution of the Spaniards, the Span-
ish Government has believed it to be its duty to
assemble sufficient means to force them to respect
the lives and property of its subjects.
These two expeditions do not tend in any man-
ner to interfere in the interior affairs of the Mexi-
can Republic.
Navy Department, December 15, 1858.
Sm: I have the honor to acknowledge yonr
reference to this Department of the resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 13th instant,
requesting the President, if not inconsistent with
the public interest, " to communicatc all inform-
ation in his possession, or which may shortly
come into his possession, respecting the reported
recent acts of visitation by officers of the British
navy of American vessels in the waters of the
Gulf of Mexico," and to lay beforcyou copies of
two dispatches, Nos. 52 anil 53,and their incis-
ures, recently received from Flag-Officer James
Mc. Mcintosh, commanding the home squadron,
which contain all the infoi mutton the Department
has on the subject.
I have the honor to be your obedient servant,
ISAAC TOUCEV,
Secretary oj the Navy.
The President of the United Status.
[No. 52.] Fla«-S«ip Roanokk,
Off San Juan DelNortk, Aourmfifr 526, 1858.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that 1
arrived oft' this place at live o'clock last evening-.
The Savannah is m the river, and the officers and
men are in good health, having but eleven on her
stole report. The Jamestown left a few days
since ior fresh sea air, and would touch at As-
piiuvall and return here immediately. I regret
to learn she has some thirty cases of the lever.
Should they not have lessened, i will Bend her on
her arrival immediately back to Aspmwall, as
perhaps the most healthy of the two places.
The Washington, mail steamer,anjved here
on the 18th instant, and is now firing up for As-
pinwall. Her passengers are still on board, there
being no means to take them either across the
country or to San Francisco had they reached
San Juan del Sur. The Hermann left Panama
direct to San Francisco. I anticipated precisely
what has occurred, as I informed you m a pre-
vious letter.
The Valorous, Sir W. O. Aldham, with Sir
"William Core Ouselcy on hoard, is now the only
English vessel-of-war in the river. 1 have heard
a report that an officer was sent from her to board
the Washington after she had been inspected and
passed by the Savannah, and who put some very
improper interrogatories to her captain, and that
Captain Waiuwright, in the Leopard, was dis-
patched m great haste to the Colorado river in
search of two hundred filibusters, which rumor
stated had been landed from the Washington at
that point, arid that he sent a boat on boaid the
American steamer Catharine Maria, then lying in
that river, to ascertain the correctness of the re-
port. 1 am taking immediate measures to get full
particulars from Captain Jams, and will report
them in full by the next opportunity; but, ac-
cording to my present umh loianding of the mat-
ter, it looks like a renewal of the, scenes which
lately occurred around the Island ofCuba, changed
only to filibusters for Africans. You may rely
on my taking prompt and efficient measures to
protect the honor of our Hag should it become
necessary; and if really her Britannic Majesty's
officers have instructions to board and examine
merchant ships for filibusters, under the very
guns of the ships of my squadron, tire time must
be very short before the most serious conse-
quences maybe nnticipated. But 1 hope f<ome
explanation may be made, so soon as I can in-
vestigate the matter, which may give a more ]
favorable aspect to the course said to have been (
pursued. j
The Valorous saluted my flag this morning, |
which was promptly returned. 1 write in haste
to get my letter off by the Washington.
1 have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,
your obedient servant,
JAMES Mc. MclNTOSH,
Flag-Officer, Commander-in-Chief Home Squadron.
Hon. Isaac Toucey, Secretary of the Navy.
[No. 53.] flag-Sinr Roanoke,
Asfinwall, December 3, 1858.
Sir: I had the honor, on the 26th ultimo, in
my No. 53, to inform you of my arrival at San I
Juan del Norte on the evening of the 25th, and also
that the Washington had arrived, her passengers !
still on board, without the prospect of crossing j
the country by that route. She left on the 26th
for Aspin wall, and has again returned totheUni- j
ted States with a largo portion of her deceived ,
passengers; verifying (I regret it on many ac-
counts) precisely what 1 reported to you might
be expected in my letter (No. 48) under date of
Kith of October last. That route may, therefore, i
for the present, be considered as closed. j
The Valorous, Captain W. C. Aldham, was ,
the oidy British vesscl-of-war in port when J left. I
Sir William Ouseley and family weie still on board. |
I reported to you that I had vei bally learned |
that the Washington had been examined by boats
fiom the Valorous, subsequently to her hemg ,
boarded and passed by Captain Jarvis, of tin- 1
Savannah; thatCaptain Wainwright,in the Leop-
ard, had been dispatched m great haste to the Col- !
or.ulo river m search of filibusters; that sin; had ;
boarded the American steamer Cathaune Maria,
then at anchor in that river, with armed boats, )
m search of them; that I was taking immediate ^
measures to get the lull particulars from Captain
Jarvis; and that I would repoit to you m full by >
the next opportunity
Before 1 proceed further, however, I will heie ,
state that the reports in lelatioti to the Catharine :
Maria were greatly exaggerated, and have been ,
most satisfactorily explained to me by Captain :
Aldham, and that 1 have not the slightest reason i
to believe that another case, such as occurred on 1
board the Washington, will be repeated, lam,
however, constrained to say that I believe, had '
Captain Aldham been left entirely to his own
judgment, that such a proceeding would not have
occurred at all. j
1 herewith inclose to you copies of the corre- '
spondence with Captain Aldham on this subject, '
by which you will perceive that he claims a pro- '•
tectorate over the harbor of Ureytown, (Nos. I,
2, and 3.) J trust that my letters will meet your
approval,
1 should hciv state that my first tetter to Captain
Aldham reached him on Saturday, the 27th ultimo,
and his answer was not received until Monday
morning; but at tin4 same time 1 rec-ived a private
note of a most friendly character from Sir Wil-
liam Core Ou«el«y, in which he stated that he
had had interviews with both the President, and ■
youi self just previously to his leaving the United
Suites. 1 had sent my card to him by my flag-
lieuienant, in the first boat that left my ship after
my arrival, and desired him to express my regiet
to Sir William that the exceedingly bad weather
and heavy .sea prevented me from personally pay-
ing my respects.
You will perceive that my second letter to Cap- 1
tarn Aldham is dated on the day lus answer to my '
first was received. It was, with a private note to
Sir William Gore Ousely, sent in on that after-
noon by my secretary, Mr.Zant/.mger, m which I
stated to Sir William that he uright he confided in,
as he had stated in his notu " he would have been :
glad we should have met, as he wou'd have been
pleased to have a little chat on subjects of mutual
interest to both of us."
1 would here inform you, that, from the moment
of my anchoring up to the time when I left San
Juan del Norte, it was blowing a norther, with a
heavy sea heaving in, the ship rolling the muz- ;
zhs of her gun-deck guns deeply in the water, re-
quiring the ofiireisj and men to get into and out of ,
tlie boats by ropes and ladders, and the selection I
of the most active to do it even in that way. It
was attended with great danger, and, in my weak
state, precluded the possibility of my doing it,
which was the only reason 1 did not wait on Sir
William.
Mr. Zantzinger returned to the ship about six
p. m., bringing with him Captain Aldham, of
the Valorous, and who, upon my invitation, at
once consented, ir consequence of the roifghness
of the weather, to remain with me for the night.
A short period after his arrival, Mr. Synge, Sir
William's secretary of legation, came on board,
intending; to spend the night. I had determined,
when I sent Mr. Zantzinger with my second let-
ter to Captain Aldham, to leave the anchorage as
soon as he returned: for I could not remain longer
there with the ship straining in every direction,
the oakum starting from herseams, and the dan-
ger of injuring some portions of her engines. I
therefore concluded, as I was obliged to leave,
and as I thought it necessary you should receive
the very earliest information as to all the facts, to
return to Aspmwall, so as to meet the steamer of
to-morrow. 1 requested Mr. Zantzinger to inform
Sir William and Captain Aldham that I should
proceed to Aspinwall when I left, and would be
pleased to take any communications they might
desire to send.
To this, most probably, and to a great desire,
as Captain Aldham declared, to have an inter-
view with me, I was indebted for the unceremo-
nious visit of both him and the secretary of le-
gation; the latter, no doubt, being sent by Sir
William purposely, to remove all unfavorable im-
pressions, and talk over, rather than write fur-
ther upon, the subjects at issue; which, in truth,
I did not regret; for I was not insensible of the
fact that, m such a correspondence, Captain Ald-
ham would have the benefit of the advice and ex-
pel lencti of Sir William. Captain Aldham and
myself conversed most frankly upon the sub-
ject of the Washington. He declaied his having
no intention of an interference with American
ve.sseU; his great desue to act in concert with me
in <'ndea\ormg to pievent the landing of " filli-
busters;" that he could not possibly see the
slighest cause for the apprehension of any diffi-
culty; and that, so far as he was concerned, there
should be none.
With Mr. Syngc the conversation wis equally
frank. Lie, however, distinctly declared that
England had never abandoned the protectorate;
but that he believed before the 1st of January next
the whole matter would be finally settled; that, as
to boarding and searching American vessels, they
had already abandoned it, not from fear or pusil-
lanimity, but because England felt she could do
so honorably, and ought to do it, and it was not
piobable it was now to be revived; that there was
certainly nothing secret or mysterious in Sir Wil-
liam's mission, as it was well understood m Wash-
ington; and that no oflicer in her Britannic Ma-
jesty's service would be less likely to do any act
which could be construed as offensive, or as an
interference with us, than Captain Aldham. In
this conversation 1 had little to say, for my posi-
tion had been taken m my correspondence, and I
desired there to leave it.
1 do not pretend to give you the precise words
of these free and frank conversations; but I have
endeavored, so far as my memory serves me, to
give you their meaning literally; and if there was
sincerity in them, of which 1 have not the slight-
est doubt, 1 am happy to say I can see, at pi Ghent,
no cause of apprehension on our part for a recur-
rence of the proceeding. 1 was much pleased
with both the gentlemen, and everything was
done by Captain Gardner and myself which hos-
pitality or kindness could dictate to make them
comfortable anil at homo. They left the ship
fully so impressed.
Sir W'lham Gore Ouseley is expected to reach
this, on Monday next, in the British mail steamer.
I have to state to you the utter imposMbihty of
this ship remaining at anchor off San Juan del
Norte during the blowing of a norther. She has
been more strained in the four days I was there,
in hull, masts, and rigging, than she could have
been in a dozen wintervoyagesacross the Atlan-
tic. These winds blow in squalls, and when they
moderate, the current from the river is running
out with such velocity as to cause the ship to lay
