1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Right of Visitation.
Ho. op Reps.
directly in the trough of the sea, and roll most
heavily, certainly endangering her masts and
straining her engines. It is a bad anchorage,
even in the regular trades; for then, as was the
case in the Wabash when she landed her men,
the ship was rolling guns under; but in a norther,
and this is the season for their recurring every
few days, it is simply impossible without the ut-
most danger. No ship with too great a draught
to enter the river should be kept there from No-
vember to March. Mr. Burton, the pilot, now
informs me that he has more recently sounded
thoroughly the bar, and, as a constant thing,
twenty-three feet is all that can be found; but
that occasionally, as was the case some time since,
when the Savannah entered the river, twenty-five
feet were found in two instances. Such a varia-
tion makes it too precarious for this ship ever to
enter the river.
The Jamestown, I regret to say, left hero with
our mails before my arrival; but, as she has had
fair winds, and I ordered her immediately back,
I hope to receive any dispatches she may have
for me in a few days, and I shall await here her
arrival.
I herewith also transmit the petition of a town
meeting held at San Juan del Norte, on the 18th
ultimo, addressed to Sir William Gore Ouseley,
and the response of Sir William. These papers
I only received from Mr. Cotrell, our commercial
agent, just previous to getting under way from
that place. (Nos. 4, 5, 6.)
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,
your obedient servant,
JAMES Mc. MclNTOSH,
Flag-OfficerfCommander-in' CkiejHomeSquadron.
Hon. Isaac Toucey, Sccrclary of the Navy.
[No. 1.] Flag Ship Roanoke,
Off San Juan- del Norte, November%6y 1858.
Sir: I inclose to you the copy of a report made 1
to me to-day by Captain Joseph R. Jarvis, com- ;
manding the United States ship Savannah. It j
relates, as you will perceive, to the visit to the j
American steamer Washington by two of the j
officers of her Britannic Majesty's navy, attached i
to the ship under your command. I have also a !
verbal report relative to the boarding by Captain
Wainwright, of her Britannic Majesty's ship
Leopard, of the American steamer Catharine
Mai la, in the Colorado river, in search, it is said,
of fillibusters.
Of the last act I am, as yet, but imperfectly in-
formed. In both cases, however, quite enough !
has been ascertained to cause me deep regret at j
the course pursued, and much anxiety, if perse- !
vered in, or again repeated, of maintaining the ;
peaceful relations at present existing between our j
two Governments. I
My instructions are most rigid in relation to !
the boarding, delaying, or examining of Ameri- !
can merchant vessels, by the vessels-of-war of,
any other nation; and I see no difference between i
the doing so, whether in search of filhbusteis or
Africans. They look to no such difference, and j
it cannot for a moment be admitted. These in-!
structions must be executed to the extent of the !
power intrusted to my command, and I assure |
you that it will be most agreeable to me if it can ]
be done without the slightest misunderstanding ;
in relation to our respective duties, and still pre- ■
serve thfe peaceful relation which now exists, and j
1 hope inay continue to exist between our two ■
nations. To secure this most desirable end, ves-
sels under the American flag calling at the ports
of Central America must be exempted from visit
or search on any account.
A part of my duty here, with a portion of the '
squadron under my command, is to prevent the
landing in Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and the other .
Republics of Central America, of all filibustering
or other illegal expeditions, should any attempt it, 1
from the United States, under the American flag;
and the officers m command of the ships of my j
squadron are strictly instructed upon this point. 1
There can, therefore, be no possible excuse for
the interference by the ships-of-war of her Brit- !
annic Majesty's navy with vessels under the ;
American flag; and it is to be hoped that the offi- j
cers commanding them will desist from creating ,
all unnecessary excitement and the danger of an !
interruption to the good understanding which at
present exists; particularly as I received, under
date of the 7th July last, the assurance of Com-
modore Kellett that he had issued instructions to
the respective captains and commanders of the
ships and vessels under his command " to cease
visiting or inteifering with American vessels in
these waters."
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully,
your obedient servant,
JAMES Mc. MclNTOSH,
Flag-Officer ^Commander-in-ChiefHomeSquadron.
Sir W. C. Aldham, K. C. B., Commanding Her
Majesty's steam-fiigate Valorous.
United States Siiip Savannmt,
San Juan del Norte, November 20, 1858.
Sir: I have the hrfnor of informing you that,
since I wrote to you this afternoon, I have the fol-
lowing information:
Two officers from one of the British ships in
the harbor boarded the Washington within fifteen
minutes after she came to anchor, and asked Cap-
tain Churchill the following questions: " Where
from?" "How many passengers have you?"
" How many days out from New York?" " Did
you stop at any port on your way out?"
These questions were answered. They then
wished to look at his passenger list. Captain
Churchill referred them to his purser. On look-
ing over the list which they received from the
purser, they asked, "How many passengers have
you? " He answered by stating the number.
"Ate they all Americans ?" "No; theyaieof
various nations." "Are thev armed?" "Not
any, to my knowledge." " Did the American
officers who boarded you examine your hold? "
" No." Mr. King, the first mate, who was pres-
ent at the interview, remarked that if they (the
officers) wished any information on the subject,
they might obtain it by applying to one of the
American ships-of-war in the harbor. They re-
plied "that their instructions were to obtain their
information direct."
The above is all the information I have re-
ceived; and I shall await your further instructions
upon the subject.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, JOSEPH R. JARVIS, Captain.
Flag-Officer James Mc. McIntosii,
Commander-in-Chief Home Squadron.
[No. 2.] Her Majesty's Ship Valorous,
Greytown, November 28, 1858.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the re-
ceipt of your letter of the 26th instant, inclosing
a cop}  of a report made to you by Captain Jarvis,
of the United States ship Savannah, relating to
the visit, on the 17th instant, of two officers of her i
Majesty's ship under my command to the Amer- j
lean steamer Washington, which had just an- |
chored at this port. !
In reply, I must express my great regret that I
you should consider the act of visiting an Amer- !
ican merchant vessel within this port, which is I
under the protection of Great Biilam, for the pur- \
pose of obtaining the information which is usu- j
ally required by all civilized nations from vessels i
entering their harbois, or those under their pro- j
tcction, or m any friendly port, in the same light j
as the delaying, boarding, and examining of an ;
American vessel on the high seas, in search of 1
slaves or pirates; and I still more deeply regret j
that my acting in accordance with established ■
usages in this respect should cause you to appro- '
hend any such grave danger as that to which you ;
allude.
1 trust to remove from your mind any misun- j
derstandmg as to my acts and intentions, and beg '
to assure you, that in carrying out my instruc- j
tions, which are of a similar nature to those which
you have received from your Government, and
which you have been kind enough to communi- :
cate to me, it will be my earnest endeavor, and s
my most pleasing duty, to act in a spirit of perfect :
frankness and cordiality with the flag-officer or <
any other officer of the United States foices on |
the station. |
There are some circumstances which appear to '
have cscapcd your attention, and which 1 beg to j
bring to your notice. !
The Washington had, been boarded by the Uni-
ted States ship Savannah previous to my sending
a boat to her, and as she had been permitted to
enter the harbor, it was evident, judging -from
the declaration of the United States Government
against ail illegal invaders, that she was not em-
ployed by the fillibusters, for in that case she
would have been forbidden to enter the port.
After the Washington had anchored injthis
port, the usual and natural course of sending to
make inquiries and obtain news was followed.
No prohibition of all friendly intercourse between
American merchant or passenger vessels and her
Majesty's ships had been made known to me;
such intercourse is customary in times of peace
among all civilized nations, and is never objected
to by her Majesty's officers when practicod by
, United States men-of-war to English merchant-
; men.
1 I beg to point out that such a hostile prohibi-
: tion would have been in the present case highly
. inconvenient to some of the passengers on board,
1 who are English subjects, one of them, indeed, a
1 British functionary proceeding with his family to
' one of her Majesty's possessions-on the Pacific
j coast; and unless in case of actual warfare, such
! prohibition of intercourse appears quite unusual.
; None such now exists on board Her Majesty's
' packets with respect to foreign men-of-war, either
I in this harbor or elsewhere.
! I have to thank you, sir, for imparting to me
, the gratifying nature of your instructions respeefc-
■ ing the fillibusters, or others illegally attacking
I nations with whom our respective Governments
, are in peaceful relation; such an honorable course
; was to be expected from the well-known dispo-
! sition and declaration of the United States Gov-
; ernment; and it is highly satisfactory to me to
acquaint you that my instructions are to a similar
; purport, and are actuated by the same spirit.
; In order to convince you of the perfect frank-
ness and cordiality with which I am desirous to
, act towards you, I will, if you will allow me to
, trespass still further on your time, lay before you
i at once, and without waiting till you communicate
, to me formally the reports on tne subject which,
! as yet, have only reached you verbally, a clear
j statement of the circumstances under which I di-
j lected Captain Wainwright, of Her Majesty's
ship Leopard, to proceed to the Colorado river.
Having received a notification from the author-
ities of the Nicaraguan and Costa Rican Gov-
ernments that a hostile force had landed, or were
about to land, in the River Colorado, with a re-
quest that I would aid in preventing it, I immedi-
; diately dispatched Captain Wainwright in the
| Leopard to ascertain if such was the case.
| Captain Wainwright left this port late in the
| afternoon of the 18th instant, and, it being daik,
' mistook the entrance of the river, and anchored
1 two or three miles to the southward of it. At day-
light he weighed and anchored off the river, and
; in his own boat, accompanied by two others,
pulled into the river, examining the banks on
l^ither side, to see if there were any traces of a
] landing having taken place. In proceeding up
, the river, he observed the Catharine Maria at
i anchor, and as he neared her, perceived some
persons on board with whom he was acquainted.
He immediately went alongside, in his own boat
! only, and going on board requested tobeinformed
; if they had heard or seen anything1 resembling
! marauders or fillibusteis m the neighborhood; and
being answered in the negative, Captain Wain-
; vvright left the Catharine Maria and returned to
i his own ship, weighed, and was at anchor again
, in this port by noon of the 19th.
! I trust, sir, that this frank explanation of the
. circumstances to which your letter alludes, will
convince you that I have acted in no spirit of in-
1 tcrfcrcnce with American merchant vessels, and
have not abrogated to myself any right which is
1 not concedcd by universal custom to the com-
manding officer of the naval forces in a port be-
< longing to, or placed under the protection of, his
; own nation.
i have the honor to be, sir, with great respect,
your most obedient servant,
W. CORN WALL1S ALDHAM,
Captain.
Flag-Officer James Mc. McIxtosh, Commander-
hi-Chief Home Squadron XJ. S. ships.
