1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
&W
Mr. BROWN. Anybody may sell out his
stock, and you cannot prevent it; and even if you
passed a provision that it should not be done, it
would still be done sub rosa.
Now, inasmuch as I promised the Senator to
renew his motion to adjourn, I do so; but I trust
the motion will not prevail. I hope the friends
of this measure will put it through to-night. The
Committee on the District of Columbia have been
badgered with this thing at every street-corner
and everywhere else. I would almost as soon
resign and give up my seat in the Senate, as stay
here another session and be badgered by this
thing. It is a matter in which I take no special
interest beyond what I am bound to take for the
people of the District. For Heaven's sake, I say,
end it, and end it right here. 1 renew the motion
to adjourn.
On the question being put, thirteen Senators
voted in favor of the adjournment.
Mr. BROWN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FOSTER. I desire to state that my col-
league, Mr. Dixon, has paired off with the Sen-
ator from Alabama, Mr. Clay.
The Secretary called the roll.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright.)
There is no quorum voting.
Mr. BROWN. I move a call of the Senate.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. No such mo-
tion is recognized.
Mr. BROWN. There are Senators enough
here to make a quorum, but they do not choose
to vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is but
one order that can be made when theie is not a
quorum.
Mr. BROWN. I move a call of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sergeant-
at-Arms can be directed to invite "absent Senators
to attend.
Mr. TOOMBS. I believe there is no authority
for a call of the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. When the Senate finds itself
without a quorum, it has a right to ask Senators
present to vote.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to say that my colleague,
Mr. Hale, paired off with the honorable Senator
from Maryland, Mr. Pearce.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Less than a quorum
can adjourn, and I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. I submit thnt we were taking
the vote on a motion to adjourn, and the vote on
that motion has not yet been announced; and an-
other motion to adjourn, cannot be made without
any intervening business.
Mr. HUNTER. If the vote has not been an-
nounced, I ask leave to record my vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator's
vote will be recoided.
Mr. RICE. I desire to vote merely to make a
quorum. *
The PRESIDING OFFICER announced the
result—yeas 13, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Chesnut, Davis, Fitzpatnck. Green,
Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Pugli, Iteid, Sebas-
tian. Stuart, Toombs, and Ward—13.
NAYS — Messrs. Bright, Brodenck, Brown, Cuim-ion.
Chandler, Clark, Doohttle, Douglas, Fesscnden, Foot Fori
ter, Hamlin, Hailan, Houston, Iveraori, Kennedv, lUce,
Simmons, Wade, and Wilson—20.
So the Senate refused to adjourn..
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Before the vote
is taken on the substitute of the Senator from
Illinois, it is in order to perfect the original bill,
and I offer an amendment to it to come in as ad-
ditional sections:
Jind be it fiuther enacted, That nothing in this act con-
tained, shall bp construed to authotize the <,aid Washing-
ton Passenger Railway Company, to make, iv^ue, or put in
circulation, any bill, draft, check, oidei, promissoiy not",
exchange ticket, or anything else promis^oiy or aumng to
pay money, intended to be circulated as money or currency;
and the violation of any one of the provisions of this sec-
tion shall ho a lorf'eiture of the charter hoiem gianted, and
a fine ot fifty dollars against each of the dacctors voting for
the same.
be it further enacted, That each of the stockhold-
ers in said passenger railway company ssball be liable in Ins
individual capacity for all the debt4-and liabilities of the
pawl company, however contracted or incurred, to be re-
covered by suit as other debts or liabilities before the court
or tubunal, having jurisdiction of the case.
I ask for the yeas and nays on the amend-
ment.
Mr. BRjpWN. It fs hardly worth while. I
suppose there will be no objection to it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If other
amendments had not- been made, I should not
have offered this; but as the bill lias already been
amended, I want to make it as perfect as pos-
sible,
Mr. BROWN. The omission of such a pro-
vision was simply an oversight. Such a provis-
ion is put in all acts of incorporation in this Dis-
trict, and I presume nobody will resist it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I withdraw
the call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GREEN. I move that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes, 16, noes 17.
Mr. GREEN. I call for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I hope they will not be ordered.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and the Sec-
retary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CAMERON. Permit me to say a word.
I believe there is not a single vote to be recorded
in opposition to this amendment; then why should
we waste time in taking the yeas and nays?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
have ordered the yeas and nays to be taken. The
Secretary will proceed with the call.
The call of the roll was continued; and resulted
—yeas 24, nays 4; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bught, Bioderick, .Brown, Cameron,
Chandler, Chesnut, Davis, Doohttle, Douglas, Fitzpatrick,
Foot, Ilamlin, Hailan, Houston. Hunter, Iverson, Johnson
of Tennessee, Jones Retd, Simmons, Stuart, Wade,Ward,
and Wilson—24.
NAYS-—Messrs, Clark, Fessenden, Foster,and Kennedy
—4.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum voting.
Mr. BROWN. I move that the absentees be
sent for.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am satisfied that it is im-
possible to get a vote on the bill to-night. Be-
sides, the amendment which I have offered is a
very impoitant one. It involves a great pnnci-
! pie; and I desire to have it voted upon in a full
Senate. I move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BROWN. I hope not. Let us have a
call of the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to adjourn is not a debatable question.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, January 29, 1859.
The House mefat twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. T. H. Bocock, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER asked u nanimnus consent to
! lay before the House executive communications
i for the purpose of reference, which should not
' give rise to debate.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House
a communication from the Postmaster General,
transmitting estimates for ocean mail ser\ice fori
16G0; which was refctred to the Committee of j
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed. i
He also laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Navy, in answer to the 1
icsolution of the House of Representatives, of!
January 13, 1659, in lelation to the number of!
hands employed m navy-yards; which was laid I
upon the table, and ordered to bo printed/
He also asked to fay before the Tlouse a com-
munication from the Seeietary of the Interior, in j
reply to the resolution oftheSih instant, i dative !
to the military reservation on IUtck Inland. !
Mr. COBB. I ask that that communication be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands, and :
printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. It ought not to go to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. COBB. Why not? We have the subject
before us.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for the reading of the
communication.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only asked the
consent of the House to present such communi-
cations as did not give rise to debate. The Chair
will withhold the communication.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I hope there
will be no objection to the -printing of the com-
munication.' ' " . "
Mr. COBB. The Committee on Public
have this matter before them, and are wai£ng for
this answer from the Department. ' £ * \
Mr. HOUSTON.' Does it propose to" dispose
of this military reservation ? ''
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Itidoesnots-
Mr. COBB. It does not propose anything ;
all. It is an answer to a resolution of inquiry,
as to the condition of that reservation. «. ■ '
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, I object to the.recep-
tion of the communication. ' '
The SPEAKER.- Then the Chair will with-
hold it.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, containing a statement of the clerks employed
in the Treasury Department, during the year
1858; which was*laid upon the table, and ordered
to be printed.
He also laid before the House a report from
the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the
House of Representatives of the United States, in
reference to the compilation of the American State
Papers, in conformity with the act of Congress of
last session; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing, and ordered to be printed.
PRIVATE BILLS.
The SPEAKER. On Monday last the House
adopted the following resolution:
" Resolved, That on Saturday next, immediately after the
reading of tlie Journal, the I lou^e will go into a Committee
of the Who|<5 House, and take, up the Private Calendar as
on objection day, ami when objection is made to a bill, the
member making objection slid! have live minutes to state
Siicli objection, and oppose the bill, and five minutes-' time
shall be allowed to answer the objections and advocate the
bill; the question shall then be taken on pending amend-
ments il any, and then on repormij^Wie bill to £he .House
without further debate - Prondcd, That no case shall be
considered as afoicatd in which mere is an adverse report
from the Couit of Claims, or horn a committee of tins
House.'"
Mr. KEITT. I ask the House to indulge me
by taking up the resolution from the Senate for
the relief of William Hazzard Wigg, and passing
it now.
Mr. KELSEY. I call for tlac regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that un-
der the order adopted on Monday, a motion to
suspend the rules and go into committee is not
necessary.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Suppose that a
majority of the House should determine not to
go into the Committee of the Whole: what would
bo the lesult5
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that,
under the order of, the House, the Speaker must
vacate the Chair and call some gentleman to pre-
side over the Committee of the Whole. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey] will take
the chair.
Mr. KELSEY.- I will withdraw my objection
to allow the gentleman from South Carolina to
have his resolution passed.
Mr. KEITT. It is resolution No. 52. I ask
that the Committee of the Whole House be dis-
charged from its further coj^idoration, and that
it be put on its passage. It simply authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to corcect a clerical
error; and if there is no clerical error, nothing will
be done. It is a mere matter of arithmetical cal-
culation.
The SPEAKER. The order of the House is
imperative to go into committee.
The House according resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House, (Mr. Kelsey
m the chan,) and proc^'ded to the consideration
of the Private Cah ndar.
Air. KEITT. Well, now, Mr. Chairman. I ask
th'^ unanimous consent of the committee that Sen-
ate resolution (No. 53) for the relief of William
Hazzard Wiirg be taken up and disposed of.
There benig'no objection, the joint resolution
was talcon up and read.
It provides that the accounts of William Haz-
zard Wigg be reopened at the Treasury Depart-
ment; and if it be found that $1,500 was withheld
from him in consequence of a clerical error, that
amount shall be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Can the Committee of the
Whole disregaid the ordfcr of the House, which
