58
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 15,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Right of Visitation.
Ho. of Reps.
[No. 3.] Fi.ak-Ship Roanoke,
Off San Juan' Del Norte, November 29,1858.
Sir: i have tiio honor to acknowledge the re-
ceipt of your communication under date of the
28ih instant.
As a justification of your act in sending officers
from your ship to visit and examine American
merchant vessels entering the port of San Juan
del Norte, you informed me that " this port is
under the protection of Great Britain." I am not,
however, aware that my Government has over
acknowledged such protection. On the contrary,
my Government has always repudiated it. The
first article of the " Clayton-Bulwer convention"
distinctly disavows it. I quote therefrom:
" Agreeing that neither will ever eifct or maintain any
fortifications eommandmelhc^nnn*, or in the vicinity there-
of, or occupy, or t'oiuft , or colonize, or <rs«me or cj-ercne
any dominion over, fcxeara iia, Costa Rica, the Mosquito
coast., or any pait of Central *frrici ica "
If her Majesty's vessels board our merchant
vessels for the purpose of examining the papers
and cargo of those which enter the port of San
Juan del Norte, as (he officers fiom the Valorous
did, then you "assume" to "exercise domin-
ion," which the Clayton-Bulwer convention"
distinctly disclaims. Such construction 1 cannot
for one moment recognize until further advised by
my Government; and, consequently, I must act
under my present insti notions, the tenor of which
were communicated to you m my letter of the
26th instant.
I beg to express to you my entire satisfaction
With your explanation m respect to the visit of
Captain Wamwright, of her Majesty's frigate
Leopard, to the American steamer Catharine''
Maria, in the Colorado river, and of which visit
I stated to you that I whs hut impeifectiy m- J
foimed; but winch I find, from your frank and ;
clear representation, and for which 1 thank you,
Wfls very much exaggerated. sj
I regret, however, to find ihnt 1 nm miFiinder- •
stood by you as objecting to a friendly visit from '
one <>f iier Majesty'« ships-of-war to an Ameii- I
can vessel in tins or any other pott. Such was j
not my objection, for i am aware (hat it is cus- '
lonmry to make such visits by the Vf-wcix of-war '
of all nations, ami tliev are conylantlv made lo i
her Majesty's mad packets by thr ships of my \
squadron; but they are simply arts of eouiiesy, j
with offer of services, tire. The Washington bad |
been boarded by an officer from the United States j
ship .Savannah, in obedience to my instructions i
to Captain Jams in lelution to all American ves- '
sels hound into the 11\cr or that should appear oil' ;
this port, and alic w.m su icf(y examined, pat t ic- j
ularly as to impioper persons who might !><• ioic- ■
ing themselves into Nicaragua and Costa Rica. !;
She was found to be m alt respects nnulatiy j
clenred, h*r passengers unexceptionable, and she '!
was therefore permuted to enter the river, tinder
othei circumstances the Washington would have '
been, as yon justly infer, ptevenicd fiom going |
in. A friendly visit, from a boat fiom yourship, '|
after the Washington had anchored, would neve^ j
have been made by me the subject of complaint. ;
jhittho inquiries which wnv piopounded by the ,!
boarding officers from your ship looked at once 1
info a thorough investigation and examination of
the ship, and to the manner in which the United ■
States ofticets had performed their duties. This :
1 considered as exceeding what would be clntrac-
teri/.ed as a fnnidly visit, to which 1 called your ,
attention, and which I am constrained Mill to con- j
suier as uiineees.sai y on the part of the otliceis ;
under your command.
I trust, however, fiom the frank and friendly >
tenor of your letter, and ulu.di 1 assure yon in h
no one point exceeds mv own, that we shall have
no interruption to our fucndlv relations m the ;;
execution of our respective duties. \\
I have the honor to be, sir, with great respect, t
your obedient servant, j|
JAS. Mc. McINTOSri, ;i
Flag-Officer,Commander-in-ChiefThine SjiuiJran. '
Sir W. C. Aldham, K. C. B., Commanding her
Majesty's steam-J) igate Fa! or out. . \
[No. 4.] United States Ship Sa^aknau, 'j
sax JVan jujl Norte, November 52u, 1858. !j
Sin.: Oil the 17th instant [ had the honor of '
informing vou that I had cailed unon Sir William >'
Gore Ouseley, and that he had stated to me that
he should sail for Aspinwall in two or three days.
He now informs me that it is uncertain when he
sails, and I have therefore thought it best, as th«
Jamestown was going to sea for a. short time on
account of the health of her crew, to send her to
communicate with you.
Sir William appears to be very busy m diplo-
macy, but we have not been able to ascertain what
about. He appears to be in constant communi-
cation with Mr. Green, her Brttannic Majesty's
consul. Mr. Banuel, the reported consul for
Nicaragua to this place, was received on board j
the Valorous with seven guns. j
On the ltfth,at one o'clock, the Washington I
steamer arrived from New York with three hun- j
dred and thirty passengers, bound to California, j
Her clearance, &c., is perfectly correct. At half >
past five o'clock, p. m., Colonel Childs proceeded |
up the river to San Juan in the Catharine Maria, i
bound to Nicaragua, to try and obtain permission !
to carry them over the tuuisk to San Juan del Sur. j
Should he not obtain it, the Washington, on the |
2Gth, wdl leave this port for Aspinwall. At mid- I
night the Catharine Maria, not finding water ■
enough, returned and went outside to the Colo- j
rado river. ;
There was a town meeting held at Greytown, !
on the 18th instant, and certain resolutions passed,
a copy of which I am trying to obtain. 1 here- j
wiih send you a copy of a letter received from !
Mr. Cottrell upon the subject of the town meet- j
nig. !
At fouro'clock, j>. m , of the 18ih, the Leopard ;
sailed from tins place and stood Jo the eastward, ,
and on the morning of the 19th returned and an-
choied here. Captain Wamwitght nifoimed me ■
that he was on boaid the Cathaune Maiuun the
Colorado river. At about nine, o'clock, p. m., of ,
the iSth, Captain Aldham came on board and
asked me what 1 thought of ihe steamer Wa.sb - ;
ington. 1 told him 1 had no doubts of her being
engaged in a lawful pursuit; that her clearance,
\v,, was all coi rect. I le said be I hong lit so too;
that he had heard a report that she had landed at
the Coloiado nverovei two hundr< d men, under
the command of < leneral 1 Henderson. 1 told bnu ;
that 1 did not believe a wi«id ( t it; t hat .it was all
a humbug. He stud he agreed with me. j
The Leopard sailed to-day on her way to Kng- I
land 1
Our sick list is on the iiimease, and I shall talce
a cuu.se on the return of the Jamestown, unless
otheiwise ordered by you. We have twenty- ,
one wall intermittent fevei, one with remittent, j
and onewith scuivy. The cases geneiaily are ,
vety light. 1 cannot account for the increase. '
h'or the past lortmght there has been lenufikably ,
fit!" w-eather for this place. ,
i am veiy respectfully, your obedient servant, j
JOSKP] ( ll. JARVIri. ,
Flag-O/licer .1 amf.s Ale. McIntumh, Commanding •
llnmr Squudion. |
' I
San Jt\v\ Dki, INokti", Aoymher 20, 1858. !
Dr.ali Sin: 1 have ascei tamed that a public meet-
ing was held on the 18th instant, at the station- i
house in this town, and a petition was yesterday j
sent to Sir William Core Ouse(ey, her Hntannic
Majesty's Plenipotentiary, signed by •••ome sev-
enty of (he i cis jdents of th ts place, rerp(est ing hint (
to aid them m maintaining an independent Gov- j
eminent for this pott, setting forth that they had 1
for several yeats past a government of their own, :
made their own laws, elected their own oliieers, :
and managed their own affairs independent of JNTic- .
aragua, Alosiputo, or any other i\>wer; that it j
was, in the opinion of the petitioners, absolutely j
necessary that theic should be one place in Ccn- j
tro.1 America where the people uiied, and claiming 1
that the Government heie had been established J
and conducted on this principle, and had always j
afforded shelter and protection to iVicaraguans j
and Costa Ricans, and others, duiiiig the troubles j
which, for the last few years, had disturbed the I
peace of the interior, &c. The petitioners also !
stated that only on one occasion since the estab- I
lishment of their Government had crime escaped ,
unpunislu d, and that the case referred to was that j
of the murder of a Nicaragenn by a captain of a j
transit steamer on the San Juan river, who was 1
shielded from justice by Mr. Solon Borland, while
a Minister of the United States m .Nicaragua.
This petition was presented to Sir William
Gore Ouseley yesterday, with what success I
have not been able to learn.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
B. SQ.UIRE COTRELL.
Captain J. R. Jartis, United States Nav^, Uni-
ted States ship Savannah.
[No. 5.]—Copy of a-petition of citizens ofGreijtown,
assembled at a public meeting, addiessed to Sir
William Gore Ouseley, her Britannic ^Majesty's
Plenipotentiary to Central America.
Sir: We, the undersigned, citizens and prop-
erty-holders of the city of Greytown, or San Juan
del Norte, would beg leave to state to your Excel-
lency that, from the 1st of May, A. D. 1851, the
citizens of this place have exercised all the rights
of aseparateand independent government, under
the title of the Free City of Grey town, or San Juan
delNorte; have formed and adopted a constitution
adapted to our wants; passed and enforced our
| own laws, regulated our finances, and have been
I enabled, for flic last seven years, to protect the
| public peace, the property and rights of our eiti-
■ zona, and those residing in or passing through
; this place, with the single exception of the bom-
S bardment and destruction of this plac11 by the su-
j perior forces of the United States, in July, A. D.
: 1854; that this city and port, ha>e been declared
and is a free port in every sense of the word, the
city levying no imposts, nor collects any revenues
upon the commerce imported or exported into this
city, nor upon the commerce of those States of
, Central America where exports and imports pass
through this city and port. The citizens of this
place are almost entirely foieigners, consisting of
, Americans, English, Frenchmen,Spaniards, Ger-
mans, and Italians. The merchants of this city
arc, almost without exception, foreigners. The
teal estate and improvements of the city have
been made, built, and belong almost exclusively
tt  foieigncrs. In fact, we may say we have no
interest, except commercially, with the States of
Central A met ica; and it is the wish of the citizens
of* this place that this city of Greytown, or San
Juan del Norte, remain a free and independent
government, with a territory and jurisdiction at-
tached as is set forth in the constitution of 1852,
its neutiahty and rights being protected by the
■ oreat Powers of Europe and the United States;
for we consider it absolutely necessary, for the
benefit of commerce and public safety, that there
should be at leart one place in Central America
where the commerce as well as the livesand prop-
erty of us citizens should have security and pro-
tection; and we are petfectiy satisfied that, as a
. free city, we are able to maintain such a position,
and have been enabled so to do for the last seven
years; and in no instance, but one, has crime es-
; enped its just punishment in this city, and that
' o;e was the murder of Antonio Palidmo, a patron
1 of u iivei bursiio, who was killed by a Captain
Smith, who was m command of a river boat be-
■ longing to the Accessory Transit Company of
Nicaragua, and who was protected from arrest
and punishment by Mr. Solon Borland, the
, Amencan Minister, in May, 1854.
: We would, therefore, ask of your Excellency,
if compatible with your official position, to assist
! us m maintaining our position as a free and in-
dependent government, with full powers of regu-
' l.itmg our own affairs, enacting and enforcing
jour laws, ( lecting our officers, regulating our
^finance-*, and defending our tf-rntoiy, which
, rights we feel we are fully entitled to.
; We remain, &c.
! Copy of the Reply of Sir William G. Ouseley Lo
| the petition.
. [No. {>]. Her Majesty's Snip Valorous,
j Greytown Harbor.
; Sir: Owing to a severe attack of fever, I have
i been unable earlier to acknowledge the receipt,
; through AJr. Consul Green, of the memorial dated
J the 28th instant, and signed and attested by your-
| self, Mayor of Greytown, to which aic appended
! the signature of a considerable number of resi-
| dents and propei ty-holders of this place,
i With respect to th« questions referred to in the
