1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment of Judge Watrous—Mr. Houston.
Ho. of Reps.
memorial, I can only at present express my opin-
ion that the whole subject of the relations, pro-
tectorate, and limits of'the kingdom ofMosquito
will no doubt shortly be taken into consideration
in the proper quarter, with due respect for the
rights, privileges, and interests involved, and, I
cannot but believe, with results favorable to the
prosperity and progress of all concerned.
I have to request you, Mr. Mayor, that you
will be good enough to communicate this reply
to the signers of the memorial, with my compli-
ments, and to aceept them yourself from your
very obedient humble servant,
W. G. OUSELEY
The Mayor of Greytown,
IMPEACHMENT OF JUDGE VTATKOUS.
SPEECH OF HON. G. S. HOUSTON,
OP ALABAMA,
1st the House of Representatives,
December 15, 1858.
The House having uuder consideration the resolutions
reported by the Committee on the Judiciary, in reference
to the impeachment of Judge Watrous—
Mr. HOUSTON said:
Mr. Speaker: It is impossible, in the course
of one hour, for any gentleman to debate the va-
rious points that arise m tins case; and it is less
in my power than it is in that of almost any other
member of the House, because, naturally, i speak
slowly. I shall, therefore, omit many of the
matters that have been presented to the House,
for the reason that it is my puipose to press those
points only which I believe are conclusive of the
case.
In what, Mr. Speaker, are we engaged to-day?
Are we trying the guilt or innocence of Judge
Watrous, as the gentleman from Georgia seemed
to believe? No, sir; we are only investigating the
charges against him, in order to see whether those
charges, under the proof that is before the House,
make out a case that ought to be further investi-
gated by the only tribunal that has power, under
the Constitution, to pass upon Ins guilt or inno-
cence. And what is Judge Watrous doing? He
is resisting, not the finding of his guilt; ho is re-
sisting a proposition which is pending before the
House, that he shall be transferred to the Senate,
where he can be heard m a fair, public, open trial,
and where he can prove his innocence, if innocent
he be. The resolution reported by that branch
of the committee with which I concur, does not
determine his guilt or innocence. It simply pro-
poses to impeach him foi high crimes and misde-
meanors, and to turn him over to the only court
competent, under the Constitution, to tiy him.
Gentlemen say, however, that if you send him to
the Senate it is a stain upon his character. I*
would like to know how much more ins character
would be stained if he should go before the Senate
for trial,than it is now, with these charges and this
evidence hanging over him ? Why, sir, it is but
an act of justice to the party himself, if he be in-
nocent, to let him go where he can vindicate his
honesty and prove his innocence, and stand forth
before the world without this withering stain
upon his character.
It is said, however, that the expense of sending
him to the Senate will be ^reat; and that it would
be wrong to send him before that body for trial
because it would consume so much time. That
is no argument. It does not affect the merits of
the case. If he ought to go to the Senate for trial,
there is no consideration of expense or of the con-
sumption of time that ought to weigh with us; but
he ought to be sent before that tribunal, where he
might have a public trial, which would be satis-
factory to the country, to the State of Texas, and
which ought to be satisfactory to the judge him-
self. The gentleman from Georgia, however, says
he does not consider that this House has the con-
stitutional power to impeach, unless it be for the
violation of some law, which violation is indictable
m your courts, and punishable accordingly.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. What is that ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot repeat what I have
said.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
stated my position?
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; I was repeating
what the gentleman avowed as his opinion; and
yet the gentleman specified in the course of his
argument that he would impeach for many things
which he named, and which are not indictable un-
der the common law, or under any statute of the
country; so that his inconsistency is presented to
the House in a few words.
Mr. Speaker, if we cannot impeach a judge for
anything short of a crime, for which he may be
prosecuted under statute or common law, what
security or protection has the country against the
misconduct of a corrupt judge ? Why, sir, there
is security to someextent where the criminal laws
take cognizance of, and punish offenses upon the
part ofa judge; but you have no security against
i the thousand and one things in which he may vio-
i late the rights of the parties who may come be-
■ fore him, and against whom he may corruptly
; use the machinery of his court, for which he could
| not be criminally prosecuted. If the doctrine of
1 thegentleman prevail, the judge may go scot free,
I and the parties whose rights have been stricken
1 down must suffer. Mr. Speaker, the dangers of
the misconduct of a judge, arising from his mnl-
' practices in those cases which are not prohibited
i and made punishable by the criminal laws of the
| country, are much greater and more alarming
.'than those that are thus punishable. In those
| cases where the law inflicts a punishment, if the
] judge is a bad man, he would be naturally in-
; clined to avoid such indictable crimes. If, how-
j ever, you establish the doctrine enunciated by the
!i gentleman from Georgia, you will find that all
:i judges who are disposed to be corrupt, wij^. fuel
free from restraint. Such are controlled only by
their fear of punishment.
Allow me, by way of illustration, to put a few
cases which seem to me to settle this point too
conclusively to require further examination. Sup-
pose a judge should go upon the bench drunk,
unfit to discharge the duties of his officp: would
the gentleman contend that he ought not to be
impeached? Suppose a judge should speak to a
'' lawyer who rises to address him, " Sir, )rou have
j no right to come into my court; I will not aj-
i low you to appear in my court." The lawyer
I j says, " But, your honor, I was employed to ap-
;i pear in this case by Mr. A B; I am not aware
I; that there is any disqualification resting upon
■, me." " Sitdown,sir, you shall not appear in my
'. court!" "Why not, will yonr honor tell me ? Am
' I not a member of the bar?" ** Mr. Clerk, strike
'; that man's name from the roll of attorneys." Is
' that an offense for which a judge could be proao-
'' cuted criminally? Certainly not. Yetevcrymem-
' j ber of^iis House will admit that it is a proper
\ case forimpeachment. But why illustrate by these
II supposed cases, when theic are cases—prece-
! dents—established by the House and the Senate,
J which are conclusive of the point. There isthe
,! case of Judge Peck, with chaiges precisely like
|' thus—using his court to oppress an attorney—
! whose trial was initiated in the House and sus-
,j toined by the House. Judge Peck was put upon
;J his trial before the Senate, and the chaures there
i; investigated. It is true, that two-thirds oP that
ll body did not vote to convict him, but still the case
>1 was entertained and tried by the Senate, and the
:I precedent is conclusive.
(l Again, sir, { hold in my hand, but have not the
time to read, an account of the trial of Judge Pick-
i, eiing, of New Hampshire. There were fourarti-
liclesof impeachment filed in the Senate by the
! j House of Representatives against him. The last
!' of the four was that he went upon the bench in a
|j state of intoxication—when he was drunk; you
i i could not indict a judge for that. There is no
j| law m this country under which you can indict a
11 judge for getting drunk, or appearing upon the
!; "bench drunk; )>-ef the House of Representatives,
by ^n almost unanimous vote, sustained the arti-
cles of impeachment, and the Senate convicted
him by a vote of nineteen to seven upon that
charge. So it appears that Judge Pickering was
impeached by the House, upon that with other
articles, convicted by the Senate, and dismissed
from his office. Can further argument be neces-
sary? I presume not.
Another question, upon which I will say a word
or two, has arisen in the course of this debate; it
is this: My friend from New York,* before me,
[Mr. Clark,] argued that this case should not be
sent to the Senate upon anything short of abso-
lute proof sufficient to convict the judge before
the Senate. He contends that the same proof
which would be required to convict him in1 the
Senate, would be necessary in this House to send
him to that body for trial. This, Mr. Speaker,
is a new doctrine in this country; it is a new con-
struction of that clause of the Constitution relat- •
ing to impeachment. I refer that gentleman to
the case of Judge Peck, where the gentlemen who
were defending the judge, as well as those who
were urging his impeachment, agreed that when
there was reasonable probable cause for prosecu-
tion—probableground of guilt—the House should
impeach. The argument of Mr. Wirt upon that
occasion, before the Senate, is conclusive upon
this question. He there took the ground that the
action of this House was similar to that of a grand
jury; that while the investigation of the House
was not necessarily ex parte, the office of the House
of Representatives was not to ascertain whether
the party was guilty or innocent of the charges
preferred against him, but whether the proof was
sufficient to make the case worthy of a further trial.
Mr. Speaker, if it be the office of this House to
ascertain the guilt or innocence of the party, why
the necessity of a trial in the Senate? I ask the
gentleman from New York, if his view of the
duty of the House be the correct one, and was so
intended by the framers of the Constitution, why
send the case to the Senate at all ? Why not settle
it here? Why go to the additional expense and
trouble of requiring the Senate to try him again?
And, as another proof that the gentleman is
wrong, I need only refer to the fact that when a
case goes from here to the Senate for trial, the
members of that body resolve themselves, under
a constitutional requirement, into a court; they,
for that trial, become judges. They are called up
'j and sworn to try the case as judges, and a two-
• thirds vote is necessary to convict. So the gen-
i tleinan must be mistaken. I put this case: sup-
: pos<>, in an investigation in this House, there was
J a contrariety of evidence, a conflict of ■proof so that
! it embarrassed the minds of gentlemen to detcrm-
i ine on which side was the preponderance: 1 would
I like to know what we should do in that case ? Here
j are witnesses who prove charges against the judge
| which ought to cause his impeachment; here are
| other witnesses who swear differently; and in that
; condition of things the case is biought before the
House. The minds of members may be in doubt;
' and yet will yon turn that judge loose upon the
! country with such a cloud hanging over and im-
; peaching his honesty, his integrity, and tell the
I people of his district that they must have their
'rights adjudicated by him? Would my friend
' from New York [Mr. Clark] have a judge sit
■ upon atrial involving his life, his liberty, or his
I rights of property, when the testimony of re-
i spectable men (as is true of the case before us)
I showed the fact that he was corrupt, notwith-
i standing there might be proof, to a greater or
| less extent, of a counter character?
I Now, sir, the true rule, m my judgment, is
'[ this: not that the House, as a mere grand jury,
i should hunt up its evidence from one side. 11is
j our duty to get such evidence, if we can, as will
j present the true state of the case; not that we
1 should goto the prosecutor alone, or to the other
j side alone, buothat it is the duty of the commit-
; tee, as it is the duty of the House, to examine
i into the truth of the case; to send for witnesses
j who know the truth, and will tell the truth; and
j when those witnesses show a fair, probable
! ground of accusation against the judge, to send
j the case to the Senate, where he maybe fairly put
; upon his trial, and vindicated if innocent, or pun-
| ished if guilty. My doctrine is, that in an investi-
I gation before this House—such as the one in which
' we are now engaged—if doubt rests upon my
mind, I should give the benefit of that doubt in
favor of an outraged and injured people—m favor
of a trial; and the very doubt which I would give
here in favorof putting the party upon trial before
the only court in which he can be tried, might in-
duce me, were i a Senator, to acquit him. You
cannot try the case in this House; and if you turn
the party loose upon a mere balance of testimony,
his character is not vindicated, nor is he in a con-
dition to try causes. He is only in a condition to
