1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
68$
artists without taking upon himself some little
responsibility, trusting to his country to sanction
his course and deal justly by those engaged wjth
him in the expedition. He told "them that if they
would go on the expedition, they could enter the
service as master's mates—the only office he could
confer on them—and trust to Congress to allow
them a proper remuneration. They did join'the
service as master's mates, on the small pay of twen-
ty-five dollars per month, leaving their far more
profitable-employment at home to serve on this
expedition, under the full expectation that their
services would be acknowledged and fairly remu-
nerated. Congress has already paid the claim of
one of these artists, Mr. Heine. This bill is to
pay the photographist of the expedition.
It is well known that the expedition owed
much of its success to the aitistic portion of it.
When the Japanese saw their landscapes, pub-
lic buildings, and dwellings, their domestic ani-
mals, and even their faces and figures transferred
almost instantly to paper and the metallic plate,
painted by pcncils of h^ht from the sun, and the
operations of the telegraph and railroad, they
were astonished, and strongly impressed with the
wonderful force and power of the people whose
lepresenUttives were among them. They opened
their countiy to our commerce. We were the
first of the civilized nations of the woild to whom
they opened their country and permitted an agent
to visit their capital. It was only the other day
that we authorized our consul there to receive
presents, for the aid afforded by him to a foreign
Government in getting a treaty made for them. I
repeat, that the impression made upon that strange
people by these experiments in science and art,
contributed much to the success of the expedi-
tion. I think thetse artists, especially after you
have taken the avails of their labor for the use of
the Government, deserve a little more remunera-
tion than had been paid to them as mere warrant
officers.
The question being on laying aside the bill,
with a lecommendation th.it U do pass,
Mr. DEA.ncl.Mcd for tellers.
Tellers were oidured; and Messrs. Di;a\t and
McCIuekn were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 80, noes 4'X
So the bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House \yith a recommendation that it do pass,
KATHARINE K. RUSSELL.
A bill (H. R. No. 003) for t|lc of Kath-
erine K. Russell.
The bill directs the name of Katherine Knhy
Russell to be placed upon the pension list of the
United States of America, at the rate of twenty-
five dollars per month; this sum to commence
and to be computed from and after the 19th day
of September, 1849, and the same to continue ,
during hei riaiuiul life. i
Mr. DAVIS,*of Mississippi. I move that the 1
committee do now rise. 4 j
Tellers were called for, but were not ordered, j
The question was taken; and the committee re-
fused to rise.
The report was read. It shows that the hus-
band of the petitioner entered the Army m the
medical staff m 1812, and continued in the con-
stant discharge of his duties as- a medical officer
till the time of his death, which occurred in New
York, at Fort Columbus, Governor's Island, on
the 19th day of September, 1849; and that, as
appears from the certificates of the surgeons in
attendance upon Surgeon Russell during his last
sickness, which was verified by a port mortem
examination, he came to his death from over ex-
ertion and exposure in meeting the demands
made upon him m the discharge of his arduous
duties while-in an enfeebled state of health. ,
The following certificate is annexed to the j
report: |
New York, January 1G, 1855. i
Tn the month of August, 1819, my professional services !
were requested at Fort Columbus by Doctor Mower, the j
medical purveyor of the United States Airny, to relieve :
Doctor J. P. Russell, the surgeon of the post, then labeling !
under ill health, induced by excessive fatigue and over ex-
ertion in performing the arduous duties incidental to the
station during the preceding two years. At the tune of my
undertaking the medical department Doctor Russell did
not appear to be suffering under any special disease, but
was in astate of physical and mental depression which le-
quired absolute rest for ultimate rocoveiy. While m this
condition an order came from the Surgeon General direct-
ing Doctor Russell to inspect the work atBedlow's Island.
The weather was inclement, and the .inspection of the
buildings, out houses, sewer-*, &c.,at the fort fatiguing and
unwholesome, in consequence of tne bad condition of the
drains. The day after this tour of duty Doctoi Russell was
taken sick; at first no serious fears were entertained, but
the symptoms soon became alarming, and Doctors Mower
and Simpson, of' the Army, Doctors Batcheider and
Buckley, of New York city, were called in consultation.
The disease, however, progressed regularly to a fata) term-
ination, in spite of all efforts to the contrary. The luiigs
appeared to be principally affected, although the precise
nature of the case was not satisfactorily made out during
life. A post mortem examination was instituted, and the
true cause of death ascertained to be owing to the presence
of a latge abcess at the ba«e of each lung, which had burst
into the pleura. The inferior portions of the lungs were
loaded with pus, and the Mipcuor portions in that state
caiied red hepatization. The inciting cau^e of diMiase
which terminated fatally was undoubtedly the tour ot in-
cpeetionon Bedlow's Island, which acted unfavorably upon
tiie system already enfeebled by overwork.
GEORGE II. BATCIIELDER.
Mr. SMITH, of "Virginia. I ask the friend&of
this bill why it is that the case has not been pre-
sented to'the Pension Office? T suppose that, if
this officer died in the service, his widow is en-
titled to a pension under the general law. I should
be glad to hear why she has not got it; and why
it is necessary to have special legislation for her
case. Tf we have a Pension Office organized for
acting upon and determining such applications as
this, why should we supersede its jurisdiction?
If we are to do so, we had better abolish the Pen-
sion Office altogether. According to the showing
of the report in this case, this lady can go to the
Pension Office, submit her claim, and get her pen-
sion, according to the provisions governing in such
cases. "Why interfere with the general law con-
trolling this subject ? The truth is that, whenever
claims come here, it is evidence that they are out-
side of the general law, and that they rest on some
peculiar and special ground. Every report, then,
ought to set out cleaily that special giound, to
show the reason why the case does not come
within the puiview of the general law. I do not
see any such spccial ground set out in this case,
to show why tins lady could not get all she is en-
titled to by going to the Pension department? I
think, then, there must be something wrong in it;
and I trust, therefore, that it may be the pleasure
of the committee to reject this bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not desire to occupy
the time of the committee for more than a mo-
ment. I merely want to say that, generally speak-
ing, there are various reasons why the Committee
on Invalid Pensions report bills for the relief of
poisons applying to Congress. Sometimes they
are unable to procure the testimony required at
the Pension Office. Sometimes there are ot he^dif-
ficulties arising under the ruling of the Pension
Office. I take it for granted that this is just such a
case; and the fact of the bill having been reported
by the Committer on Invalid Pensions, is, in my
judgment, prima facia evidence of its meiits.
Mr. CASE, i wish to inquire from the gentle-
man whether, in regard to these applications to
overrule the decisions of the Pension Office, special
reasons are not invariably given?
Mr. FI_,ORENCE. Unquestionably. I stated
so yesterday. Sometimes it is the neglect of the
Department to investigate, and sometimes it is
the superseding of the law b*y the rulings at the
Pension Office.
Mr. MAY^APJ). I would like to ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania a question.
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly; a dozen, if you
like; but I first promised to give the gentleman
from Mississippi a chance.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. It is stated in
the report that the cause of death was a large ab-
scess at the base of each lung, which had burst
into the pleura.
Mr. FLORENCE. I take it for granted that
that is so.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I should like to
know how it burst into the pleura ?
Mr. FLORENCE. I cannot answer such a
question as that. I am not a doctor or physician;
but I am a universal sympathizer with those peo-
ple who cannot get justice done them at the Pen-
sion Office, and I try to get justice foi them in
the Committee Own Invalid Pensions.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask whether the laws are-
not administered at the Pension Office according
to the strict letter of the statute, and according to
the rules established by the Commissioner of
Pensions? and whether these rules do not pre-
clude the Department from grunting pensions 111
cases which, though they con^e within the spirit,
do not,come-within the strict letter, of the law?
and whether this is not one of sueh.casep?^
Mr.FLORENCE, I have nodoubtajaoi^t-tjh&f,.,
I answer the gentleman affirMatively. * How,.'at
the Pension Office, they decide upon the rulttigs^
$nd not, in my judgment, according to the law;-
The Committee on Invalid Pensions arrived at
the conclusion that this claim had equity in* ,it,
and legal right, too.
The question was taken; and the committee
refused to lay the biH aside, to be reported on
favorably to the Rouse.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I suppose
we must make some disposition of the bill. I
move tl^aUit be laid aside, to be reported to the
House with the recommendation*that it do not
pass.
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is not in
order.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. What be-
comes of the bill ?
The CHAIRMAN. The bill remains where
it is on the Calendar.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. It seems to
me, sir, that the committee should come to some de-
cision about the bill; and, if a gentleman can move
to lay aside the bill, with a recommendation that
it do pass, it is surely in order to move to lay it
aside, with a recommendation that it do not pass.
The CHAIRMAN. The committee has sim-
ply decided that they will not report the hill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then, un-
der the vote taken, the bill remains in committee
to be considered hereafter, although the commi
tee has decided upon it.
Mr. LETCI-IER. I understand the decision i
of the Chair to amount to this: that the commit-
tee can pass a bill, but cannot reject a bill. Now,*
i if the view of the Chair be correct in this matter,
I when the committee has said they will not report
1 a bill with a recommendation that it pass, it seems
to me to follow that they may also report it with
a recommendation that it do not pass.
Mr. LEITER. I hope the Chairman will re-
consider his decision. It seems to me that'in
order to carry out the resolution of the House,; ^
the bills on the Calendar must be disposed of in
some way or other.
Mr. FLORENCE. I understand that wc are
acting as on objection day, with the simple addi-
tion that five minutes are allowed to a member to
oppose, and five minutes to a member to advocate,
each bill; and if the committee do not agree to
report a bill favoiably, of couise it remains on
the Calendar.
Air. LETCHER. If that be the case, our
action amounts to nothing. Why are the reports
read, and why is debate allowed, if it is contem-
plated that the bills are to remain upon the Cal-
endar to be again considered and again discussed ?
Suppose that, on next Monday, you readopt the
lesoiuiion under which we are now acting: why,
when next Saturday comes, we shall have to con-
sider and discuss these bills again.
Mi. MORGAN. I rise to a question of order.
I desire to know what question is before the com-
mittee? If there has been no appeal fiom the de-
cision of the Chair, I object ^debate.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was overruled.
Mr. LETCHER. I nowmove that the bill bo
laid aside, to be reported to the House with#a
recommendation that, it do not pass.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move that the committee
do now ri^e.
Mr. HICKMAN. I call for tellers on that
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Houston
and Lovejoy were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes thirty-four, noes not counted.
So the committee refused to rise..
CHARLOTTE BUTLER.
A hill (H. R. No. 2^0) for the relief of Char-
lotte Rntler.
The bill directs that the name of Charlotte But-
ler, of the Slate of Massachusetts, be placed upon
the pension roll of (he United States, and that she
be paid the sum of twenty'dollars per month, the
