60
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 15,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment of Judge Watrous—Mr. Houston.
Ho. of Reps.
be brought before the House again, and have his
case reexamined at some subsequent Congress
—as will be the case here if you discharge this
judge without a trial. It is the duty of the House,
where there is shown to be a fair ground of an
offense such as is impeachable, to impeach.
I admit, Mr. Speaker, as a general rule, that a
judge has the right to purchase and sell land, as
other persons have; but 1 want you, and I want
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Clark,] to
tell me whether Judge Watrous should not beim-
peacho'd if lie were to buy land, the title of which
was then in litigation befoic his court?
Mr. CLARK, of New York. If he did, lie
would have disqualified himself from deciding the
title.
Mr. HOUSTON. He would have disqualified
himself for the discharge of a portion of his duty,
and my friend would say, "impeach him for it."
If that is true, (and I am satisfied I do not mis-
understand him,) I would like him to tell me the
difference in principle between the two cases.
Whatis the deference between the case where the
property is then in litigation before the court of
which lie is judge, and the case where the parties
(as I think 1 will show of the case under discus-
sion) agreed, at the time of the purchase, that the
property should bo brought into litigation in his
court? There can be none. I assimilate this case
to the one where a judge goes upon the bench
drunk. In that case he ouirht to be impeached.
Why? Because ho disqualifies himself for the
discharge of his duties; and because he brings dis-
repute upon his coin t. The judge who enters into
a speculation of land, the title of which is dis-
puted, and disputed upon the same ground upon
which the large mays of the real estate of the
country is disputed, disqualifies himself to that
extent for the discharge of his duties; and being
thus disqualified by his own act, he still holds his
office and receives the emoluments. He is, by
his own act, disqualified in both eases. I assert
that a judge has no right to disqualify himself by
either mode; and if he should do so he should be
impeached.
lint gentlemen say that Judge Watrous did not
disqualify himself by the purchase In; made. Let
us see. All agier that he bought the land; and the
question is, what was the condition of the title
when he bought it? Read Judge Watrous's own
statement. He tells you, on the second page of
his last memorial to this [louse, when replying to
what the committee had repot led, that the leason
why theie was great trouble in his oiliee, was
that—
'' Us land titles weie involved in comroveisy by the cir-
cumstances attending the transition of the Stale liom de-
pendence lo independence,and by ihe supervening neee-Miy
for the reconcilement ol Hie codes oi piopneUtry eonees*
gjotw uudei tbet'iown ot'Hpain; ot'eolom/.Uinn mulct Iho
auihorite of the Mexican Hepubhe; oi revoluiionaiy and
head ) miit 01 settlement, grains bv the Republic 01 Suite oi
Texas."
If you will examine the evidence, you will find
that Lapsley swears thai, when this purchase was
made, he cxpealed litigation. In answer to ques-
tions, he says, (p. 1:20:)
il (I'/riffon. When joti pin chafed, you weie aware, of
couif-e. that it would be ncec-.<aiy id Ininji mi it* in oi tin to
ejeci (lie person, on iho land?
jhiitri >. I understood that there weio men
who were called Mjuatfei •, on the land. .Mi 1 jeasue s-poke
oi litem a-. Ixmiiron lite iiuid.
Que h!h>v. Was u contemplated, at that tune, that sun?.
were to be bioii-jht ? *
'* jlnsu or. V'es, ,-ir; t calculated that>uii^ would become
neco->:uy.,J
Colonel Lapsley, in his letter to Judge Hughes,
of the 31st October, 1650, at page 1*22, says:
'* TIjh land, u.s vmi arc probably in lot nn'd. was pm chafed
In me of Mi. League lor a ( onipany oi <:emlemen, includ-
ing Judge Wan on-., Mi. League, and m \. eli. 1 mulct-jand
an an auscment was nunlc a dh to Iin z iuit j~>r I he ? e-
coverii of pot'-cs^ion hy Mcss>v. t'nee f'toiv. OurdeMie
!•- to fiavo -u«.t bioujjiit, if practicable, to ibe ue\t tetm ol
the United State- court, as .Mr. League will mlorm you."
And in his evidence, at {sage 133, he said:
u I wi<h to state, in connect ion w Mil a lemai k in this let-
ter. that I was informed by Majoi Frow and Majoi Puce,
on their retum fiom Texa-s, th.it thci/ had employed Jiuh-,c
lSu"Uc>> to bring the suit, provided ice were to pitichasp the
land.y>
And in explanation, at page 157, be says:
Afrer the word < land.' add the word-?k and Miit became
neees.-aiy, a- expected.' so as to read : 'psoviried we weie
to purchase the land, and fcuit became nocofcaurv, «o eu,-
■pecied.'"
Look at League's evidence. He says, (page
212:)
" Question. Did you expect any liberation ?
" Jlnsiccr. I expect litigation on everything.
" Question. You expected litigation ?
k{ Answer. I did not know but that there might he litiga-
tion.
" Question. Because of the uncertainty of titles, and by
reason of locations ?
" Answer. Yes,sir; if you go out, before you return you
will have some squatter upon your land."
He uses a strong figure—if a man should leave
his land, before he returns he would find some
squatter upon it. Colonel Lapsley says expressly,
and in all the various places where he has been
examined he continues to repeat, notwithstand-
ing great efforts weie made to get him to say other-
wise, that he expected litigation when he bought
the land. If the parties expected it, (and that
cannot be doubted,) there can be no difference
between this case and the one which the gentle-
man from New York says would be impeachable.
There is another circumstance. What was the
condition of this land, at the date of purchase?
Here was a land grant of eleven leagues of land.
Ordinarily, there are about forty-eight thousand
acres of land in an eleven-league grant. Judge
JTughes swears that there were about twenty
thousand acres more than that, in this grant,
making it nearly seventy thousand acres. And
what was given for it ? Seven thousand dollars
for about seventy thousand acres of fine, rich
Texas land, together with some ten thousand acres
of land set ip or certificates !
Now, sir, I would suppose the §7,000 would
hitvc J^en repaid by the laud scrip alone which ac-
companied the sale, and which was sold and trans-
ferred to the Lapsley company, with the land, so
that the laud was obtained virtually for nothing.
Why was it that Nathaniel F. Williams, being
the brother of Mis. St. John, understanding the
titles of'LVxas lands and the value of Texas lands,
should have sold sixty or seventy thousand acres
of land and the land scrip I June spoken of, be-
longing to his sister, for £7,000, when (he land
scrip itself would probably have iep?ud the pur-
chase money? Thejeis something in this which
shows that there was no confidence hi the title;
and that those acquainted with it could not believe
it was a tfood one. No one can leasonably be-
lieve that it was sold or boughL as a good title,
and more especially wlum you see the deed to
League being without warranty of title.
Gentlemen say that if Judge Watrous knew at the
time of the purchase that suits were to be brought
m his court, then he ought to be impeached. I
understood the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Davis] to attempt to diaw a distinction m regard
to the time when the interest of Judge "Vflitrous
accrued; but that can make no difference in the
principle. I underxlnod him to say that if the
evidence established the fact that at the time of
I he purchase, and as a part of the consideration,
it was understood that Judge Watrous was to use
the machinery of his couit for the purpose of ad-
vancing the speculation and getting the case out
of Texas, then he outrht to be impeached. Now,
a woid as (o that. Can there be any difference
in the case.s because of the fact of such under-
standing having been had at the time of the con-
tract, or of its having been had afterwards'1 ff
Judge Watrous had gone into that trade paying,
"you may bring the suits in my court, and! will
tiansfer them to New Orleans, so as to avoid a
trial befoi e a Texas juiyit is admitted he would
have well deserved to he impeached. Suppose the
trade had been mad*1 honestly; suppose it had
been made without reference to the use of his
com t; hut that, after the transaction was concluded,
the partien should have concluded that it would
advance their interests to bring the suits m Judge
Watrous's court, and Judge W atrous had assented
to that: what difference would there be in the de-
gree of criminality? The charge is, that Judge
Watrous gave the use of his court corruptly; m
the one case, for his interest in the land; in the
other case, for the purpose of advancing the in-
terests of the partnership. The consideration was
the advancement of his own speculation, and the
security of the title which he had thus acquired.
It is true that the legal title having been vested in
a citizen of another State, that person had the
right to sue in the Federal court of Texas. But,
suppose the proof shows that, while that must be
acknowledged as a right, it was talked over be-
tween the judge and the other parties, and that
the judge agreed to, and acquiesced m the under-
standing that suits were to be brought in his own
court for his benefit; then, I say, the bargain is
as corrupt as if it had been the understanding ah
initio.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask whether
there is any proof of that?
Mr. HOUSTON. I feel satisfied that I can
show that the fact is conclusively proven. I will
not ask the House to rely on my word for it. i
will refer to the pages where the proof is to be
found. Gentlemen will find it in Lapsley's testi-
mony, (pp, 126, 128,132,147,148, and 149;) also,
a corroboration m Love's testimony, (pp. 335,
336,) and m League's, (p. 213.) I will read a para-
graph or two, at the risk of losing the time which
perhaps I ought to appropriate to other branches
of the subject. I regard this as an important
point in the case—a controlling point. i have
stated my grounds broadly, and I wish to sustain
them by reference to ti*i proof.
Will the gentleman from Mississippi, [Mr.
Baiiksdale,] who, 1 know, desires to obtain the
facts as they exist—as I hope wc all desire in
this matter—bear with me till I call his attention
to a letter written by Mr. Lapsley to Mr. League,
under date of December 30, 1851—a letter which
1 have no doubt speaks the truth, and is not in-
fluenced by passion, or prejudice, or sympathy?
Referring to the purchase as made at Selma, and
giving reasons why the case should not be tried
in Texas, Colonel Lapsley says:
" In such car^ the prejudices and sympathies of juries
would veiy natuiaiiy incline itiem io favor the defendants,
ni'ne especially it' some of the jmy (a vory likely ca e)
should he interested in the question on the side of the de-
tendauts. or should have relauvcs or friend* so interested.
" Tiic.--e coii>ideiatioii^ iialuced mo to suppose (and so I
Ih'nt'zhi i"C rill agreed at the lime of the purchase) that it
would he butter to have the case tried ni New Oi leans than
an> wheie in Te\a-.
u In tin' 11 i;ti of the<e ca^o^. I do not know exactly what
nue-ui>i!s will he cuhimtted |o the juiy, hut if any control-
ling question should he Mibmitt-'d to a jui j biased by preju-
dice, mteje-t, <>i paiiidhty, i would tear the result, and
would pieier, il piactieabie, to avoid ?>ueli an oideal."
How could the trial before a Texas jury have
been avoided > The gentleman from Georgia [Mr.
Stephcxs] says that Mr. League was a non-resi-
dent, and could as well have brought the suits as
Mr. Lapsley. Suppose that were true; there was
yet another thing to be accomplished in order to
secure a trial of this case out of Texas, and to put
it out of the influence of a Texas jury; and that
was, to interest the judge of the Federal court in
the speculation with the legal title in a non-resi-
dent. League, suing withoutan inteiestin the land
being owned by the judge, would have been com-
pelled to try the case before a Texas jury. That
was what they intended to avoid.
Mr. BARKSDALE. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama whether, if any one else in
Texas hut the judge had had his interest in the
lands, the case could have been removed for trial
to Louisiana ?
Mr. HOUSTON. There is no law of the United
States that authorizes a change of venue in the
United Statfs courts.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would ask the gentle-
man whether, if any other citizen of Texas had
owned Judaic Wairous's interest, the case could
have been tiansferred?
Mr. HOUSTON. JNo, sir.
Mr STEPIIEXS, of Gcoigia. Suppose the
land had been sold to a kinsman of Judge V^at-
rous: how would it have gone?
Mr. HOUSTON. In that case it might prob-
ably ha\e gone to another State. Why did they
riot put the title in a kinsman? Where is the
evidence that he had a kinsman there to receive
the interest?
^ Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker,
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman must excuse
me. Unless my time is to be extended, I cannot
yi'-ld to him. 1 have not interrupted gentlemen,
and unless my time is to be extended, I cannot
submit to be inteirupted by them.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I only desire
to answer the gentleman's question. I want the
House to understand that the gentleman will not
