682
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
same to commence and be computed from January
I, 1850, and to continue during her natural life.
From the report accompanying the bill, it ap-
pears that Captain Butler was "an officer in the
Army of the United States in the late war with
England; that he entered the Army as captain in
the second regiment of dragoons, on the l2th of
Marchs 1812,and was discharged, disabled, on the
12th of May, 1814. That, during the winter of
1814, while engaged in patrol duty at Plattsburg,
in the State of New York, he met with an acci-
dent by which his ankle was fractured in such a
manner as to disable him for life. In consequence
of this disability, he was compelled to change his
business, and died abroad in 1818, leaving the
memorialist with four children to support, with
very scanty means for their subsistence.
Mr. SEWARD. 1 am opposed to that bill, be-
cause it does not conform to the pension bill
passed this session. 1 move to lay it aside, to be
reported to the House with a recommendation
that it do not pass.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not think that the ob-
jection is a sound one. If the gentleman from
Georgia will reflect, he will recollect very well
that while he and I voted against the general pen-
sion bill to pension men m sound health and good
circumstances and perfectly able to support them-
selves, we both voted for an amendment which
provided pensions for all those disabled in the
public service*, and 1 think, therefore, the objec-
tion is untenable.
Now, I do not know anything about the facts
of this case; but I want it to stand upon its own
merits, and notupon the votes on the pension bill.
Mr. LETCHER. I move that the bill be
amended by striking out the words " and 1850,"
and inserting u from the passage of this bill."
The amendment was agreed to.
The question was then taken; and the bill, as
amended, was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. HICKMAN. 1 call for a division upon
that question.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman's call came too late.
Mr. HICKMAN. I called foradivision before
the decision of the Chair was announced.
Mr. NI BLACK. Hut the gentleman did not
rise from his scat ami make the call.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the Chair will not
entertain the call.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Well,sir,the rule
requires that the committee shall vote upon these
bills, aifd I ask now that a division shall be had
upon every one.
JOSEPH M. PLUMMER AND OTHERS.
House bill (No. 22?) far the relief of Joseph
M. Piummer and Mai y R. Piummer, minor chil-
dren of Captain Samuel M. Piummer.
The bill was re.id. It provides that the pen-
sion granted by the act of Congress approved
August 2G, 1S52, to Joseph Morton Plunmier and
Mary Reynolds Piummer, minor children of Cap-
tain Samuel M.'Plummer, hue of the United Struts
Army, deceased, be continued for five years fiom
the 9th of March, 1857, and paid by the Secretary
of the Interior to tlffcmmois m the following man-
ner, to wit: the pension to.hn equally divided be-
tween the minors until Joseph Morton Piummer
shall attain the a<ce of sixteen years, and after-
wards the whole of the pension to be paid to Muiy
Reynolds Piummer for the remainder of the time
mentioned in this act.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I call for the read-
ing of the report.
The CHAIRMAN. No report has been sub-
mitted.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If I understand
this case, the children for whose benefit it is pro-
posed to pass this bill arc included under the gen-
eral pension bill extending the law to widows and
orphans, passed June 3, 1838.
Mr. CASE. I think the gentleman is correct.
This bill was repot ted before that act was passed.
Mr. LEITER. I move that the bi'l be laid
aside, to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I have no objec-
tion m this particular case; but, as a general rule,
I do not think that this committee, under this res-
olution, has the right to report bills to the House
with the recommendation that they do not pass.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has once so de-
cided, but the committee reversed his decision.
Mr. STANTON. Then the point of order
cannot again be raised, and I hope we shall go on
with the business of tl^e committee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The question has
not been decided upon this bill, and I have the
right to make it again, and to give my reason for
making it, and to appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I rise to a
question of order. This question was decided by
the committee, and there is nothing to appeal
from.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There has been
no decision in repaid to this case.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am upon the
floor upon a question of order.
Mr. STANTON. Very well; I object to de-
bate.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I presume the gen-
tleman will not interpose any obstacle to my
stating my question of order. My construction
of the resolution under which the committee are
acting is, that they are authorized, under the con-
ditions therein set forth", to report such bills to
the House as a majority shall be in favor of; but
not to report them with a recommendation that
they be lejected. And why > Because, when you
repoit bills making that recommendation, you get
them before the House, giving no opportunity to
discuss them more at length than they can be in
this committee. Upon another day, and under
the operation of the previous question, they may
be passed in the House notwithstanding that the
committee have voted by a majority to reject
them. In my opinion,it is notin accoidance with
the resolution under which we are acting.
The CHAIRMAN. In accordance with the
decision of the committee overruling the former
decision of the Chair, the Chair now decides that
the committee may lay aside bills, to be reported
to the House with the recommendation that they
do not pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I appeal from that
decision.
Mr. MORGAN. I make the question that this
is the decision of the committee, and not that of
the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will entertain
the appeal.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask for tellers
on the? appeal.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Clark B. Cochrane, were ap-
pointed .
The committee divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 78, noes II; no quorum voting.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will it be in order to
move that the committee do now rise?
The Oil AIRMAN. It will not. The only busi-
noMS in order is a call of the roll.
The roll having been railed, the committee
rose: and the Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. Kelsey reported that the committee of the
Whole House had,-according to order, had the
Private Calendar under consideration; and hav-
ing found itself without a quorum, had caused
the roil to be called, and had directed him to re-
port the names of the absentees to the House.
The following is a list of the names of the ab-
sentees:
IWessi • Adram. Andeison, Anchcw?. Arnold, Bi-hop,
Pd;ti<% HowBurnett. Buirouuhs, Caruthur?, Chaffee,
Chapman. Hoiace F. Clark, Clemens, Comins, Ciawtbtd,
Damieii, Davit* ol Mi^i^sippi, Dick, Dimmiek. Elliott,Eng-
lish. Fanlknci, Gilli-s, Gioesbeek, Lawietice \V Hull. Har-
>:s, Hatch, Uawkms, Hoard, fluyleuOwen Jones
Kent, Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, McKibbm, Mason, Miles,
Miller, Oliver A. Moise, Pendleton, Powell, Ready, Rea
can. Redly, Pu'chip, lavage, Scotf, John Sherman. Judson
\V. Shennan, Shoit'ei, Sickles, Samuel A. Smith, Stephens
Talbot, Geoige Tujior, Thompson, Wairen, White, and
Whitcley.
[A message in writing was here received from
the President of the United States by J. B. Henry,
lus Private Secretary.]
The SPEAKER. One hundred and seventy-
two members having answered'to their names,
the Chairman of the committee will resume the
chair.
The Chairman resumed the chair,and the Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar resumed the consideration of the bill (H.
R. No. 227) for the relief of Joseph M. Piummer
I and Mary R. Piummer, minor children of Captain
i Samuel M. Piummer; the immediate question be-
i ing, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
The tellers resumed their places; and the com-
mittee having been divided, the tellers reported—
ayes 100, noes 20.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to
the House with a recommendation that it do not
pass.
Mr. HICKMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. DEWART. I call for tellers.
Tellers \tfere refused.
The question was then taken; and the Chair
announeed nineteen voting in the affirmative.
• Mr. PHILLIPS. I call for a count of the
other side.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not necessary to count
the other side, as a majority of a quorum did not
vote in the affirmative.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair ruling that the other side need not be
counted.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will not enter-
tain the appeal.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I beg leave to state to the
Chair that I have a right to take an appeal. The
question was on the motion that the committee do
! rise.
The CHAIRMAN". The gentleman is correct.
The Chair at the moment was under the impres-
sion that the question was on ordering tellers, and
the rule requires one fifth of a quorum for that
' pus pose, and one fifth of a quorum did not vote,
j The Chair then counted the other side and an-
[ nounced ninety-seven m the negative; no quorum
! voting.
! Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I call for tel-
' Icis.
i The CHAIRMAN. Tellers have been refused,
j The Cierk will call the roll.
The roll of the committee having been called,
the Speaker resumed the Chair, and Mr. Kll&ey
reported that the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar had, according to order,
had the Private Calendarunder consideration, and
having found itself wUhouta quorum, had caused
the roll to be called, and directed him to report the
names of the absentees to the House. •
The following is a list of the names of the ab-
sentees:
Messrs. Arnold, Billmghurst. Blur, Bocoek. Bowie. Bur-
nett, Carutheis, Chattel, Chapman, Clemens, John Coch-
rane, Cocket d!, Ci.ivvtbid, Damrell, Dick. Dimanek. Elliott,
Enoli-h, Eusti->. Faulkner. Goode. Gioesheek, Hams, Has-
kui, Hatch. IIawkm>. Iluylei. Jenkins, Kent, Landy, Law-
rence, Leid>, .Letchci. MeKihhin, M^on. Mdeb, Miller,
Edward Joy Mom<, Oliver A Morse, Pendleton. Pettit,
Keadv, Redly, Ritchie, I'us>ell, Savage, Scott, Sealing,
Seward, John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman. Shoito's
tickles Singleton, Samuel A. Smith. Stephens James A.
Stewart, Talbot, Groige Taylor, Thompson, Warren,
"VVhiteley, WootUon, amf Augustus It. Wnght.
One hundred and sixty-eight members having
answered to their names, the committee resumed
its sitting, and the question was taken on the
pending motion that the committee do rise.
ThoAmotion was not agreed to.
HENRY TAYLOR.
A bill (II. R. No. 228) for the relief of Henry
Taylor.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
place the name of Henry Taylor, of New York,
on the list of invalid pensioners of the United
States, at the rate of eight dollars per month,
during his natural life, to commence on the 1st of
January, 1856.
Mr. "LETCHER. I move to amend that bill
by striking out the woids, " from tlie 1st of Jan-
uary, 1856," and insert m lieu thereof the words,
" fiom and after the passage of this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The report shows that Henry Taylor was a ser-
geant in a company of light-horse, commanded by
Captain Herman Camp, of New Yoik, and was in
service in the war of 1812, and was present at the
battle of Q,ueenston, on the 13th of October, 1812;
the battle took place on Gtucenston Heights, m
Canada. As thelight-hoise had no way to cross the
river, their services as hght-horsc were not needed.
The petitioner, however, as a good soldier, volun-
teered to assist a squad of men to manage the
firing of a heavy piece of artillery. Being near
