1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment of Judge Watrous—Mr. Houston.
Ho. or Reps.
allow himself to be corrected on an important
point in the testimony.
Mr. HOUSTON. What is it ?
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. The gentleman
said that it was proved by the testimony that it
was understood at the time of the contract that
the suit should be brought in Judge Watrous's
court. Now, I call the gentleman's attention tcr
the testimony of Lapsley, who swears that there
was no such understanding expressed or under-
stood.
Mr. HOUSTON. Sir, that shows what the
gentleman has already exhibited in his speech,
that he knows nothing about the case. I have
already read from Colonel Lapsley's letter to Mr.
League; I will now read from Colonel Lapsley's
evidence, page 128:
" Question, (by Mr. Chapman?) Was it mentioned in
the course ol" the consultation at Selina where the suits
should he brought?
"Answer. I think that thing was spoken of between mv-
self and my friends. I have no particulai recollection, but
I presume it was spoken of. It was a matter which I ^up-
posed was understood.
"Question. Was it understood that the suits should be
brought in the United Suites couit at th.it timer
" Answer. Yes; and the first intimation which I got of
the contrary desire or intention was Irom Jinlyo Hughes,
stating that he prefcired to have the ca^es tried in Texas.
I do not recollect anything d< finite on that subject, further
than that the matter was talked ovei. My oivn opinion
was very decidedly made up.
" Question. Why did you prefei that the suits should be
brought in the United States court?
" jinswer. I preferred it for the reasons stated m my let-
ter to League; because I had understood that there was
some prejudice ptevdihui; m Texaa aginru-t titles of this
kind, and I was airaid to risk it before a localjuiy."
Also, speaking of the same subject, ke says:
" Question. Was that spoken of?
" Answer. I presume it was spoken of, although I cannot
state positively. T think it was spoken ol.
" Question. In the pie?enoe of Judge Watious?
"Answer. Yes, sir. I cannot say that Judge Watrous
ever said a woid on the subject of bunging suits in Texas.
My consultations were ptincipaliy with the gentlemen m
Alabama, with whom I was associated."
I could read other paragraphs of his evidence,
but these abundantly establish what I have stated,
and as fully disprove the statement of the gentle-
man from Georgia.
This, sir, is the proof, and it is as strong as the
English language can make it; and now you can
appreciate the speech of the gentleman from Geor-
gia, who asserted that there was no proof tend-
ing to show any such thing.
But, sir, I read again from pages 148, 149,
while Colonel Lapsley was being- examined by
Judge Hughes, attorney for Judge Watrous.
This shows that Judge Watrous participated in
the negotiations at the time they were going on,
at Selma, Alabama, and which resulted in the
purchase, and the only purchase, of that land, to
which Judge Watrous was a party. It will not
be pretended that he had any interest in the land
until the trade at Selma, Alabama:
" Question. When you met on the second occasion for
the purpose of executing the papeis, was jour attention
called at any time, arid if at any time, <u what time, to the
fact that Judge Watrous was piescnt?
" An*wci. We all met there—Judge Watious and the rest
of us.
" Question. When you fiist arnved was he there, or did
he come in afterwards
"Answer. It puzzles me to --ay. I cannot recollect.
" Question. State wh.u occurred in leiation to the war-
ranty being inged on hiin; did Judge Watrous urge him to
SslgU it?
(iAiwrcr. I think be did.
" Question. Did lie participate otheiwi^e actively m the
proceedings tnwaids the execution of tlu> in-ti ument, he-
bides in that paitioular, except when he mine to it ?
" Answer. i think all the paities weie pie-entwhen it
was read. I lead it over. Mi. League protested that it
was wrong to icquite him to execute such a deed. I think
I lemarked. ' It is nothing moie than you joui^elf as«-eit.
You t av you have undoubted confidence in your title, and
that your counsel, Judge Hughe.-, has given you this ad-
vice; why not sign it?' Judge Watrous told him, 'You
can sign it with peifect safety, Mi. League, because I am
satisfied that the title is good ' As to nigmg linn particu-
lai ly, I do not know that he was very urgent about it; but
lie advised him to  ign the paper. Mr. League hesitated for
some time. I am inclined to think that the reason of Ins
hesitation was to see if I would not it-cede. The other
"cntlemen -eernul to leave it to trie to fix that matter, f
think, perhaps, I made tins lemark, oi something equiva-
lent to it. that unless that paper, or something equivalent
to it, was Mjned. I would not go into tSic m.itfei ; and it
was at that time that Judge Watious advised him, orrathyr
urged him to sign the papei. and he did Hgn it.
" Question. Do jou recollect Ins participating in what
was said or done theie, beyond that advice, and the faign-
in° of the agreement when it was read ?
Answer. No further than his stating that you (Air.
Hughes) had examined the papers, and that you had pro-
nounced m favor of the titie, and that he was entirely sat-
isfied that the title was good.
" Question. I understand you, then, to say that you can-
not speedy any other participation than that in the thing
going on there ?
" Answer. Judge Watrous spoke of the quality of the
land. That the lands were valuable, being situated on the
Brazos rive*. That was a matter which "came up m the
course of conversation."
Turn to page 335, and you will find the follow-
ing in Love's evidence, speaking- of Judge Wat-
rous's interest in the Lapsley land. He says:
" Question. You had your information from hearsay ?
" Answer. From Judge Watrous himself
"Question. Judge Watrous himself had told you who the
paities in inteiest m these suits were?
"Answer. II <• told me before ilie suits were brought.
" Question. [low long befoie the suits were brought?
" Answer. I think a veiy shoi t time before the writs weie
issued; or it may have been at the time, that I was issuing
the wnts. I was interested in thesesuits; they weie very
profitable.
" Question. And either at the lime of your issuing the
writs, or shoi Ely before, you had a convei sutton with Judge
Watrous about them ?
"Answer. It was a voluntary communication on his part.
Judge Watious and myself have been friends for twenty
yeais flohad been a ^tianger to me. and never been liitio-
duecd. He used lo come into my office. We had discussed
all these questions yeais and years before. He came into
my office at the time the writs weie being issued, I think ;
and he said, in substance,' tins is one of my cases; I am
inteiested in this case. You will lose your fees, because
they will have to go elsewhere to be tried."
This shows that Judge Watrous saw the writs
when they were being issued, and evidenced no
surprise or objection to the suits being1 instituted
in his court. He treated it as a matter understood
and expected by him; yet the gentleman from
Georgia very confidently and unconditionally as-
serts that there is no evidence tending to fasten a
knowledge or understanding upon him. What
an overpowering thing this book of evidence has
proven itself to be, and especially lo gentlemen
who have not properly examined its contents!
Mr. League says:
" Question. The question T am asking yon is, was any-
thing said about the tnbuna!, m whi' h any litigation might
result, owing to the peculiar ehaiacterof land titles* m Texas,
should be conducted—whether they should be.in the State
court or Fedeial couit?
" Answer. My impression i*, there was-something spoken
of it at the time. This ease of Santiago del Valle wa« «<oon
to come up, and to be decided, and the decision w.b looked
upon as settling the question or our tule.-'
And now, Mr. Speaker, I feel authorized by
the evidence in saying that it was agreed at Selma,
at the time of making the contract, and we are
bound to believe as a part of the contract, that the
suits should 1)0 brought in the Federal court of
Texas, piesided over by Judge Watrous, for the
purpose of getting the case out of Texas—avoid-
ing: the trial before a Texas jury, and that Judge
Watrous was present when that agreement was
made, and assented to it.
Mr. TAPPAN. I desire to correct the gentle-
man.
Air. HOUSTON. No, sir; I cannot yield. If
I had time, i could show that the gentleman made
many gross mistakes in the statement of the tes-
timony in his speech.
Mr. TAPPAN. I want but one minute.
Mr. HOUSTON. No, sir; I decline to yield.
The gentleman did not confine himselfto the tes-
timony in his own speech, and I do not wish to
be interrupted by him now. I am endeavoring to
give this case a candid, fair, and impartial exam-
ination before this House.
Air. TAPPAN. I merely want to refer the
gentleman to 
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot yield. And to
corroborate that testimony is the statement of
Thomas M. League, a witness whom I confess I
believe wholly unworthy of credit ;butThomasM.
League, himself, says that this thing was talked of
about the time of the negotiations at Selma, Ala-
bama; that the court in which the suits should be
brought was spoken of in conversation there, so
the evidence upon that point, as I understand it,
is mostly, if not wholly, on one side. It is true
that in one part of League's evidence he says his
recollection is confused upon these points, but the
very fact of his recollecting such conversation,
though confused as he states it, is in itself proof
that the whole matter of suing, and the court in
which the suits should be instituted, was talked
overwind agreed upon.
It is replied, as an answer to what I have said on
this point, that Judge Watrous gave Judge Hughes
$200 to bring suits in the State courts. "Judge
Watrous makes the same statement. Hear him
on that point: ^ ,
" I was anxious, when it became necessary to sue, tlrat
the litigation should be had m the courts of the State, *afcd
inquired of Judge Hughes how much money it would take
to bring the suit and commence the litigation in the State
courts. He stated to me that §200 would be enough, and t
paid him that amount forthat purpose out of my own pocket
to insure the certainty that the litigation which X had not
anticipated, but which had now become necessary, should
be had in the courts of the State. I have been informed by
Judge Hughes that he did so bring the suit. But Mr. Laps-
ley, who had control of the matter, by reason of the legal
titie, was unwilling to trust, the decision of the State courts,
and wished the decision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, and directed the &mt to be brought in the district
court of the United SLates at Galveston."
In this language there is nothing ambiguous;
it is plain and positive. Is his statement true or
false ? He says: I was anxious when it became
necessary to sue, that the litigation should be had
in the courts of the State. Where is the evi-
dence of that? Can such evidence be fojjnd ?
League remembers very confusedly that Watfoua
said something on that subject just before or
about the time of the trade at Selma. Colonel
Lapsley heard him express some such sentiment
after the suits had been tried at New Orleans, and
after he had been threatened with an impeach-
ment for his conduct; yet, these will not prove
the truth of his statement. Colonel Love says
Judge Watrous came into the office when the
writs were being issued; saw them; saw what
was being done; spoke of it; spoke of the cases,
but made no objection to the suits as they were
being brought;'said not a word about the State
courts; treated it as a matter well understood;
said the case would lnxve to go elsewhere for trial.
That of itself triumphantly disproves the truth of
his statement. But, Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to do
the judge no injustice, and therefore let me refer
to the evidence tendered by himself. Of course,
if his statements be true, and not intended to mis-
lead and deceive the House, his own reference
will sustain him. He says he paid Judge Hughes
£200 out of his own pocket to insure the ceitainty
that the litigation which I had not anticipated, but
which had now become ncccssary, should be had
in the State courts. Now become .necessary ?
When? You would suppose he referred to a time
before the suits were brought. No one can sup-
pose anything else. Suits were instituted in Jan-
uary, 1851, and his word now must refer to some
time before that. Again, he says: "But Mr. Laps-
ley—who had control of the matter9 by reason of the
legal title, wm unwilling to trust the decision oj the
Siute courts j and wished the decision of the Supreme
Court oj the United States—dbecledthe suit to be
brought In the disUict couit of the United States at
Galveston." Now, Mr. Speaker, will you not be
much astonished to learn that the $200 he paid
Jud^e Hughes to "insure the certainty" of the
suits in the State courts were paid a year or two
after the suits had been instituted in the Federal
courtatU-alveston? Judge Hughes, the attorney
of Judge Watrous, and a witness, being exam-
ined on the suggestion of Judge Watrous, says:
<• 1 believe the suits were commenced in the fall or win-
ter of 18.V2, after my return fiom this city home." * *
* " * <c A>> to that suit at Waeo, it is a differ-
ent thing entirely. I have aheady stnted that I commenced
that suit at the reqne-t ol Judsje Watrous, who gave me
.$•201) to payioi the expenses ol the commencement of it,
because, he said, he wanted the question decided. He
wished the mui biousht in oider that the question might be
determined in the State court"-, so that he misfit not bs sub-
ject to imputation " * * * * * *
" Question, (by Judge Watious.) What was about the
time of your bringing that suit at my request; was km 1*59
or I&33?
"Answer. I stated in my former testimony that it was
after my leturn from Washington city in 3852."
So, instead of Judge Watrous making a truth-
ful statement in his answer as to.the institution
of the Lapsley suits, lie made a statement by
which he must have intended to deceive every
nerson who might read it. You will bear in mind
that the suits were brought in the Federal court
at Galveston, January, 1851, and Hughes says
the suits were brought in the State court in the
fall or winter of 1852; and it turns out to be true
that Judge Watrous never made an effort to have
suits brought in the State courts until he found
he was likely to be impeached. After it had been
mentioned against him in the committee-room,
