1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the cannon, the often report of the same injured
his ears, causing severe pain and deafness, from
which he had never recovyed or improved, as to
deafness. The above facts are well established
by the testimony of two surgeons, certified to be
highly respectable in their profession. The de-
position of his captain, Herman Camp, the .de-
positions of several of his companions in arms,
and who were present with him on the day of the
battle, and heard him'complain of pain and deaf-
ness on that day, and who had known him inti-
mately since that day, and had at all times no-
ticed the deafness complained of. The character
of the petitioner for-truth and veracity, as to his
own statement of his own case, is supported by
the depositions of two ex-members of Congress,
one firstjudge of the county, one doctor of divinity,
and six or eight highly respectable witnesses, all
of whom had known him from thirty-five to fifty
years, making sixteen witnesses or depositions in
support of the truth of the allegations. It is
further in proof that the petitioner's family,
father, mother, brothers, or sisters, are not in-
clined to deafness. *
Mr. SMI TH, of Virginia. I object to this bill;
and I would like to hear from its friends why it
is brought here ? We have a Pension Office, and
a general law providing for this class of cases.
The case made out by the report shows that the
claim of the applicant would be entet tamed at the
Pension Office for some degree of disability.
Mr. CASE. I will say to the gentleman that
in all of these eases, where application is made to
the Pension Office, some technical t;ule of the De-
partment prevents their getting relief, and gener-
erally the decision of the pension bureau, show-
ing why relief cannot be obtained, will be found
with the papers submitted to the committee.
I wish to say, further, in regard to these re-
ports, that everyone of these cases reported from
the Committee on Pensions has been submitted
to the investigation of every member of that com-
mittee, and in every case they have satisfied them-
selves that it was a case where the applicant could
notget relief at the Pension Office. Incases where
the applicant could get relief at the Pension Office,
the committee have sent them theie. Hence, they
rejected more applications ponding before them
than they have reported to the Elouse.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If I understand the
law, all persons applying forinvalid pensions can
obtain the requisite pension, according to the de-
gree of disability, upon application at the Pension
Office, and making out their case by proper evi-
dence.
Mr. FLORENCE. Tt is very hard to make
out a case to their satisfaction. „
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But that being the
system, I ask the committee if they are piepared
to depart from it in this case? I have rarely seen
a case in which the proof is so unsatisfactory as
it is in this case. It is not even alleged that there
is any physical disability except m icspect to the
single matter of deafness, lie may be 111 the full
enjoyment of a profitable business for aught we
know. This case is not brought within the gen-
eral policy of the law, and certainly the report
does not present a case in which this committee
should interfere and grant relief.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I would ask the gen-
tlemffn from Virginia if he regards the deafness,
the absolute deafness, stated m this case, as not
amounting to physical disability?
Mr. S&1ITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
well knows that, if a case of absolute deafness
were made out, at the Pension Office, the appli-
cant would be put upon the pension roll, at a rate
of pay proportionate to the extent of the disabil-
ity. But m this case we do not sec that the phys-
ical power of the applicant is impaired at all.
What do we see here ? - This case is treated as
one of full disability; and he is to be allowed all
that could be allowed by law, in a case where
total disability is proved.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question ?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman can
reply after I shall have finished my remarks. If
I give way I shall have no opportunity to present
he views that I desire. Let us stick to the gen-
eral law. Let the Pension Office pass upon the
cases, made out on their proper exhibition or
showing, and allow pensions according to the de-
gree of disability. But when cases are brought
before Congress, they ought to be clearly made
out to be exceptional cases, outside of the gen-
eral law. Why should we take up these cases
that can be decided by the Department? Why
should we encumber ourJWendar with- them ? It
appears to me, that the duly of the House is to
stick to the general law.
Mr. CASE. I' presume "that the investigation
of the papers in this case will show that there
has been an application to the Pension Office. I
do not know that it is so; but I know that thisis
the fact in a great majority of the applications.
And I will tell the gentleman what the Commis-
sioner will decide on the statement of facts in this
case. Ho will decide that it does not certainly
appear that this deafness resulted from injury re-
ceived in the service, and that it might possibly
be attributed to some other cause. Let me say
another thing to the committee. No person claim-
ing an invalid pension will run the risk of coming
to Congress for relief, if he can get it at the Pen-
sion Office. We have got applications before our
committee that have been pending since the time
when some of us were children, and the appli-
cants have not got relief yet.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let me refer the gentleman
from Virginia to the last paragraph of the report
as to the testimony of disability.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 ask the gentle-
man whether the application was ever referred to
the Pension Office ?
Mr. CASE. I do not know as to this particular
case.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will tell the gentleman
from Virginia that there are hundreds of casesin
the Pension Office, which, though coming within
the purview of the law, have never received ccn-
i sideration.
| Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a point of order. I
I insist that debate is exhausted.
I The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not exhausted.
; The gentleman from Indiana is entitled to the
. floor.
i Mr. CASE. I am willing to answer any ques-
| tion that may be asked.
| Mr. MORGAN. I can tell the gentleman from
' Virginia that Captain Camp, who certifies to the
deafness of this man, and to the fact that he was
I i« battle with him, was formerly a member of
j Congress from my district, and is a most con-
: scientious man, who would not make any mis-
1 representation.
j Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am not charging
I anybody with misrepresentation.
j The CHAIRMAN. Debate on the bill is ex-
hausted. The question is, " Shall the bill be laid
: aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass;"
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that it be
laid aside, to be reported to the House with a rec-
ommendation that it do not pass,
i Mr. GROW. These are independentmotions;
and the question must be first put on the motion
; to lay aside the bill, with a recommendation that
it do pass.
1 The CHAIRMAN. That question will be first
1 put.
| Mr. SEWARD. I mQvc that the committee
. take a recess until seven o'clock.
i The CHAIRMAN. The motion is not in
order.
j Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
i Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Foley and
, Bcffintom were appointed.
! The committee divided; and the tellers reported
,! —aye3 100, noes 19.
i So the bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
j House with a recommendation that it do pass.
I JOHN HOPPER'S HEIRS.
! A bill (H. R. No. 236) for the relief of the heirs
| of John Hopper.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Charity Van Voorhees,
granddaughter and heir of John Hopper, deceased,
late of New Jersey, out of any money in the
j Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of
' §8,400,m full consideration for the destruction of
the dwelling-house and mills of John Hopper by
the British, during the revolutionary war, while
! the houses were in the actual military occupancy
•' of the troopsof theUnited States, under the com-
' mand of Major Boyles, of the Continental army,
j The report was read. It shows the following
state of facts: John Hopper, the ancestor of the
petitioner, was a citizen of New Jersey, and re-
sided at Paramus, in Bergen county; a man of
standing and influence, apd among the mostardent
and devoted Whigs in the State. He resided in §
neighborhood which the known history of the
times informs us was, to say the least, a highly dis-
affected district. His social position and effective
zeal rendered liim especially obnoxious to J.he
enemy. He was the father of eight sons, all-of
whom were in the army, and two sealed their de-
votion with their lives; they were killed in battle.
From the commencement of hostilitiesin 1776 to
the close of the war, the neighborhood of Para-
mus, and often the dwelling and farm of John
Hopper, were the garrisons of large bodies of
Continental troops. Previous to the 16th of April,
1780, the dwelling-house and flour mills of the
said John Hopper had been taken possession of
by a body of Continental troops., under the com-
mand of Major Boyles, and by nisorder, and were
on this date occupied by them as a garrison, and in
which were deposited a quantity of arms, ammu-
nition, and stores for the use of the army, the
main body of which were then in quarters at
Morristown. On this day, the 18th of April, 1780,
a detachment of British dragroons from New
York, commanded by Colonel Stewart, before
dawn, surprised the American troops garrisoned
in these buildings, and, after a sharp conflict, they
were driven from the buildings. Major Boyles,
the American commander, with a son of John
Hopper and others, were killed, and John Hop-
per himself wounded in twenty places. Finding
the buildings occupied as a garrison, and depot
for arms, ammunition,and supplies, the British
commander ordered them to be fired, which was
done, and they, together with hisentire furniture
and the Government arms and supplies, entirely
consumed. A list was made out by John Hop-
per soon after the occurrence, and sworn to by
him, and attested by witnesses. The high char-
acter of the said John Hopper, as testified by the
then Governor of New Jersey, together with the
array of evidence to support the loss, precludes
any doubt of its entire truthfulness. To render
this positively certain, there was found upon the
files of the State Department a letter written by
Governor Livingston, the then Executive of New
Jersey, dated the 16th day of May, 1780, one
month after the disaster, and addressed to Con-
gress, calling their attention to the fact, and ask-
ing indemnity for the losses.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the committee now
rise. I do not think that the committee is in a
position to do business with justice to itself or to .
the country. I call for tellers.
Tellers were -ordered; and Messrs. Clay and
Phillips were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes twenty-nine, noes not counted.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. G1DDINGS. I would like to inquire of
the gentleman who reported this bill, whether the
case does not come within the class of claims
which, after the Revolution, were referred to the
several States for adjustment and payment?
Mr. CRAG1N. 1 cannot answer the gentle-
man precisely on that point. 1 do not think, how-
ever, that the case does come within the class of
claims to which he refers. The claim has been
before Congress fcr quite a number of years.
Mr. GIDDING I desire to look into the cir-
cumstances. It strikes me that this is opening
up a large class of claims. If not, I certainly do
not want to oppose it.
Mr. CRAGIN. There have been several cases
before the committee precisely like this. I am
sure that the case did not come within the provis-
ions to which the gentleman from Ohio has al-
luded. There was a case of tins sort passed—the
case of Wigg—at the last session. It involved a
much larger amount than this; but the same prin-
ciple was involved—compensation for property
destroyed by the enemy, in consequence of its
having been occupied by troops of the United
States.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That was a case which
never could have passed, except under the screw
of the previous question. It was passed the last
night of the session, without any chance of un-
derstanding its provisions. It strikes me that all
destruction of property during the Revolution
was referred to the several States for adjustment.
