684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Mr. MILLSON. Some eight or ten years ago
I served on the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims, and had then the-opportunity to ascertain
that there has been no such resolution as the gen-
tleman from Ohio supposes. These cases have
never been referred to the States. As to the ease
of Wigg, I think I voted against it. If the facts
are correctly stated, I think it presents a strong
case for relief.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I do not say that any such
resolution overpassed, but I do say that Congiess,
in 1794^refused to grant indemnities of this char-
acter; and under the direction of that Congress a
commission was appointed in each State toasper-
tain the losses occasioned by destruction of prop-
erty. Their reports were never actcd on by Con-
gress, but the expression of Congress was, that
the claimants should be indemnified by the several
States. The only instance in which Congress al-
lowed indemnity was in the case of Valley Forge.
The State of Connecticut was the only State, I
believe, that ever paid a dollar for the destruction
ofproperty; and in thatcase, she paid in western
lands for thq. destruction of property at New Lon-
don, Norwich, and Danbury. If I am wrong in
relation ttf the refeience of these cusps to the
several States, I will certainly make no opposi-
tion to this bill; but I do say, that the case of
"Wigg should form no precedent to govern the
House. I was present and prepared to oppose
the case of Wigg. I did not behove that it had
one iota of merit in it, and I do not now believe
that it had. But it was the last night, or the last
night but one, of the session, and there was no
opportunity to debate it. Itwasgagged through
the House without any one having au opportu-
nity to examine it.
Mr. McQJJEEN. By the permission of the
gentleman, I will' state that my recollection of the
Wigg ease is, that it turned upon tins point: that
while Colonel Wigg was a hostage m Charleston,
the British sent round and took his property from
his plantation ;and 1 see no such point in this case.
As to the Wigg bill being gagged through the
House, I have this to say: that it was brought up
under the rules of the House, without any other
gag than such as is usually applied m such cases.
Mr. GIDDINGS. That is very true.
Mr. McQAJEEN. The biii was pushed by a
majority of the House, and became the law of the
land.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to say that the very
fact that, claims have been resting here for so verity
years without action being taken on them by Con-
gress, is primaJacie evidence that they are desti-
tute of irn rit.
Mr. CRAGIN. 1 would say, Mr. Chairman,
that, before reporting on this ct^se, I examined
the recoids, and found, I should think, as many
as fifty cases, similar in piineiple, which have
been repotted and pa^ed through Con ,u'c;s dur-
ing the twenty years last past, I cannot let'erto
the cus«'K.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Those eases were under the
law of IrilG; hut before that, when the States
were acting independently, when there was no
Constitution, and when ev< ry State furnished its
own troops, a different lule prevailed.
Mr. CLARK B COCHRANE. If this claim
has not been p;ed m fact, 1 wonld vote to pay it
now; and I would do so after a lapse of a hundied
yeais. I think, if if was the fi^st ca&c that ever
came before this body, as a matter of justice it
Ought to be paid, and all others like if.
Mr. CRAGi:\. 1 will read the r 'solution that
was passed hy the Continental Confess. In
Ma}', ] 7d0, Governor Livingston, of New Jersey,
wrote to Congress; and, in the following April,
Congress passed this i< solution:
" Resolved, Tu;it la-; E v-ellenc} Governor Livingston be
infotmed, n  aii'-uei to la- a Uer of Ai'av iGih. tluit Mindiy
application-) h.ive le-n t>d>n<: been ir."ie to Uoniiio.'s Jot re-
bel m ca^ th.o an- not dMncn. -ihiUr nom the ca-e of J,
Hopper, mentioned in hi:- l-'ttei aioM^aid ; and m.uiv eases
exi^t, to WHcii The jh ilid pi* *< 'i<!\rseed l<y in- tXeeiiency
will appljjimt CoiigM'.—■tl oi:ali dei'pi\ altered 1m tlM'irca-
lamities.have not vet found it ".xpeih^nt t«> ciiici into a eon-
sidei'iuionor'm«a^uiea f<>i the pu.meiil;n icln fot Mich >uller-
< in«-r n  n piulmok' i ::ut ihi: mt'vu.U'ie "O'.cin rj.> o( the
\\;i< Will (_' mtnc--: to eutci into sn<*h oo,^aeration
unui peace &luli be restored to the United States.''
Governor Livingston, in his letter, says:
il That I'Mich are not to b<i made good by the public
iteannor he e\peeied that any man should iieieat'ter adnnt
any troop-, ui.di i In- ioof; and all Jaws to compel -uch ad-
misbiort would be h,ghly UiSjUd, by exposing individuals lo
particular damage for the public service, over and above
their proportionable contnbuuon to the national expense,'
and whether the most exalted idea of patuotism requires
them to consent to the desftuction of their pioperty lor ac-
commodaung the iroopa without indemnification.'3
There never has beje any money paid in this
case; and, as it present itself before the commit-
tee, in my judgment, it is one of the strongest
cases ever brought before Congress. This man,
John Hopper, was wounded on the occasion of
the destruction of this property, in twenty differ-
entplaces;the commanding officer was killed, and
after the Americans had been driven from the
houses of Hopper and his son, the British troops
set fire to those buildings and destroyed them, to-
gether with all the property therein. This bill
simply provides for paying for the property de-
stroyed under these circumstances.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if it is the intention of his committee to
pay all the revolutionary claims of this character?
Mr. CRAGIN. The committee find numerous
precedents for paying for property destroyed
under such circumstance's as these; and so far as
I am concerned, while I am a member of that com-
mittee, whenever such a case is brought before it
requiring my action, I shall vote to pay for the
property destroyed.  .
Mr. Y/ORTENDYKE. I would simply say,
that, so far as my investigations are concerned 
Mr. HOWARD. I rise to a question of order.
The debnte on this bill is exhausted.
Mr. WORTENDYKE. The time is not out,
and I can occupy the floor by the permission of
the gentleman from New Hampshire.
Mr. EDIE. Is not the debate exhausted?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. 13ARR. I hope the gentleman will have
leave to go on. The case is from his neighbor-
hood .
Several Members objected.
The question now being upon laying the hill ;
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom- ;
mendation that it do pass, j
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers. I
Tellers were oidered; and Messrs. Green-
wood, and jones of Tennessee, were appointed.
The committee divided;and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 61*.
So the bill was laid aside.
HEIRS OP JOHN A. HOPPER.
A hill (IT. U. No. 237) for the relief of the heirs
of Captain John A. Hopper.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Rachel Yelverton, Catherine Eking,
Maria 'Aahriskte, and Sally Burhans, children of !
j Captain John A. Hopper, deceased, late of New
i Jersey, out of any money m the Tioasury not
| othei wi.M- appiopi latcd, (he sum of $5,000, m full
consideintion for the d< strueuon of the dvvelhng-
houwe and other proper! y of John A Hopper, by
i the j>riiKh, while t'!e houses were in the actual
j military occupancy of the troops of the United 1
; States, under the command of Major lioylus, in
j the revoiutiNiiat y war.
| From the iepoif, which was read, it appears ■
i thai the evidence in this case proves that while ;
i the main body or' the American army, under the ,
i command of General Washington, were in win-
! tei quaiteis at Moiristown, New Jeisey, in the
i \vnu< r of J1 7!) -b(), ;i Inline detachment of the Con- i
;.tniei.tal troops, under the command of Major '
1 IjOyles, were qmrtend at 1 i oppt. i town, and oc- .
; rupied thedwelbng-housc and storehouse of Cap-
! tain John A. Hopper, and of his father John
! Hopper. It appears, also, that the arms, animu- 1
mtton, and pi ovisions, for the army, were stored
theiein; they having taken possession of his
dwelling and farm, which they used as a gai ri-
sen. It is a matter of history, that on the 16th
of April, 17SU, at the dawn or' day, a detachrncnt
of Eritish light hoifo, from Staten Island, sur- 1
! prised the American troops in garrison at Hop-
| pertown, and killed the American commanderand
: a brother of Captain Hopper, with others, and
' captured a part of the garrison. Finding the '
! buildings of Captain Hopper in the occupation of ;
the American troops, and used as a depot, the ,
| commanding oiiicer of the enemy, Colonel Stew- I
! art, burnt the houses, together with the ammu- j
! nition and stores of the garrison. AH the personal
j property of Captain Hopper was consumed in the ;
; flames, leaving himself and family without even j
j their wearing apparel. I
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, in my judg-
ment there ought to be very great care taken in
passing cases of this description. The committee
will rejnember that, but a very few years ago, we
passed a bill upon such clear and satisfactory
proofs that no one could controvert it; and when
it went to the accounting officers of the Treasury,
before the money was paid, a receipt for the pay-
ment m full was discovered; and at the next ses-
sion we repealed the law. The money was saved
by an accident.
Now, sir, the very fact that this claim comes
here presenting a case about which there could
be no controversy, if the principle was recognized
in the early history of the Government, is a cir-
cumstance which creates suspicion. In my mind,
it establishes one of two propositions: either this
case does not come within any principle under
which the Government has recognized its liability
for losses m the revolutionary war, or the claim
must have been paid.
Now, if I understand the principle upon which
claims for the destruction of property in the war
of the Resolution are rcjcctcd, it is that, inasmuch
as that war was carried on by separate and inde-
pendent States, when there was no Federal Treas-
ury, individuals must look to the State govern-
ments for compensation for losses of individual
property. Hence this Government, since the
adoption of the Constitution, has never recog-
nized its liability to pay for property destroyed
in the war of the Revolution. Perhaps that may
furnish a reason why claims, as clear as this ap-
pears to be, have not been paid earlier in the his-
tory of the Government. And if that be so, it
ought not to be paid now, bccausc equality is jus-
tice all the time; and if this bill passes you ought
to pay for all property destroyed during the war
of the Revolution, although nearly a century has
elapsed since it was destroyed. On the other
hand, if this claim comes within the principles
recognized by tiie Government, it is passing
strange that seventy years should have elapsed,
with such proof as this, and yet the claim should
never have been recognized by act of Congress.
I confess iheie is something about it which does
not commend it. to my favorable consideration at
all. The case js too well made out.
Mr. WORTENDYILE. I will simply say, in
reply to the gentleman from Ohio, that, so far
from its being the fact that this case has not been
presented here before, it has been here at intervals
ever since the year 18:26; and has not only been
here, but has seveial tunes been passed by one or
the other branch of Congress, but has failed to
pass both branches because of the difficulties that
wurioue.d the pa^sag^ of all private claims here.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman state why
it was not presented oather than lb26thirty
years after the occurrences took place ?
Mr. WORTENDYlvE. I do not know. I am
not able to say. But I know that this case, and
the one upon which the committee has already
passed, relating to the adjoining property of John
Hopper, have been heie at intervals from 1826 to
this time.
The bill ha>" been reported, and has been passed
by one House or the orhei, and has failed in the
coo'.dmate biaivh, ( ither for want of time or by
some of those dinleultiey with winch every gentle-
man is av 3re all piivate bills are surrounded.
Now. Mr, there can be no question whatever
tilrit this claim has never been settled in any way
whatever, either by the State of New Jersey, or
by the Congress of the United States. I beiievc
that if such had been the fact, i should have
known it personally. So for as my knowledge
goes, J have never knoV.n, m my life, any case
made out more stiougly,
Mr. LETCHER. I'fmd that this case, which
has been before the House so long, lias been re-
ported On adveisely in every cases every instance,
exet pt one.
Air. WORTENDYKE. I think the gentleman
is mistaken.
Mr. LETCHER. No, sir; I have the record
before me, and it has never been reported on
favorably before but once.
Mr. WORTENDYKE. My information cer-
tainly was that it had been acted favorably on
more than once, by one House or the other.
Mr. LETCHER. I find, that on the 17th day
of May, 18526, this bill was reported on adversely.
I find that in another ease it was reported, and
