1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
66$
referred to the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and there remained. And
I find that it was again reported on adversely, and
that is the last I find in reference to it until now,
some eight Congresses afterwards.
Mr. WORTENDYKE. If the gentleman states
the case correctly then I have been misinformed.
The gentleman who reported the bill can, perhaps,
enlighten the House in relation to it. But so far
as the merits of the case are concerned, I have
never knbwn a stronger casqgpn my life. There
have been at least a thousand cases upon exactly
the same principle, reported and passed. The case
is precisely the same as that which the committee
have just decided in favor of by a large majority.
The only difference is, thatin one ease the property
belonged to the father, and m the other to the son;
the properties lying alongside of each other.
Mr. CRAGIN. If the gentleman from New Jer-
sey will allow me, I will say, that when the adverse
reports to which the gentleman from Virginia has
referred to were made, the committee had not
before them the letter of Governor Livingston,
calling the attention of Congress to these cases,
a copy of which is before the committee, obtained
from the Secretary of State. The committee have
also other testimony, stronger in many respects
than that which was before the House at the time
the gentleman from Virginia refers to.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to call his attention to the fact, that this case
was first presented in the Nineteenth Congress;
that it lay quietly after that until the Twenty-Fifth
Congress; that it was again before the Twenty-
Sixth and Twenty-Seventh Congress;and has not
been heard of again until now.
Mr. CRAGIN. Well, sir, the files of the
House are filled with applications for relief by
Congress, which have boon refused, when the
applicants havefr become discouraged and have
given it up 
* [Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
committee rise.
Mr. JACKSON demanded tellers upon the mo-
tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Mississippi, and Buffinton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 49, noes 84.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question recurred on laying aside the bill,
to be reported to the House with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Washbuune,
of Illinois, and Florence were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes thirty; a further count not being
demanded.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. DEAN moved to lay aside the bill, to be
reported to the House with the recommendation
that it do not pass.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WIN SLOW moved that the committee rise.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I-would sugge-st to the
friends of the bills which have been laid aside,
that, if they intend to dispose of those bills m the
House, they had better rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and, the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Kelsey reported that
the Committee of the Whole House had, accord-
ing to order, had the Private Calendar generally
under consideration, and had instructed him to
report sundry bills to the House, some with and
some without amendment, vwth the lecommenda-
tion that they do pass.; also, sundry bills to the
House, with the recommendation that they do not
pass.
Mr, LETCHER.. Among the bills reported
from the Committee of the Whole House there is
one for the relief of the widow of Captain Butler.
Now, sir, I imagine if the House will hear read
the memorial, which is the only and the solitary
paper upon which that case is founded, pretend-
ing to be any sort of proof whatever, there will
be no division of opinion about the propriety of
rejecting that bill. Before, therefore, the previous
question is called upon any of these propositions,
1 desire to have the memorial read, that the House
may know the fact that the case comes here un-
sustained by any particle of evidence.
The SPEAKER. The bill to which the gen-
tleman takes exception will be laid aside.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the bills
reported from the Committee of the Whole House
be taken up one at a time^and disposed of in the
order in which they were passed. There jure none
of them here without objection, and I cannot con-
sent to putting them upon their passage in the
way in tfhich bills are sometimes disposed of.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will be en-
titled to a separate vote upon each one.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. STANTON. If that motion is agreed to,
in what condition will these bills be?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Will they not
be the first business in order next Friday?
The SPEAKER. They will come up when |
the House proceeds to the consideration of busi-
ness upon the Speaker's table, upon private bill
day.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I call for the
yeas and nays upon my motion to adjourn,.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. CLAY. I demand tellers upon the motion
to adjourn.
Tellers were not orjtered.
The House refused to adjourn.
THOMAS L. HARRIS.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill to grant a pension to Mary
J. Harris, widow of Thomas L. Harris, deceased;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.'
Mr. KELSEY. I move the previous question
upon the bills which have been reported from the
Committee of the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The previous question must
be called upon each bill separately.
WILLIAM IIAZZARD WIGG.
The joint resolution (S. No. f)^) for the relief
of William Hazzard Wigg, reported from the
Committee of the Whole House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass, was first reported to the
House.
Mr. KELSEY. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was oidcred to
be engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed , it was accordingly read the* third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I demand the ycaS
and nays upon the passage of the lesolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I move that the
House do now adjourn.
Mr. KELSEY. Will the gentleman allow me
first to move to recommit the bills which have
been reported from the Committee of the Whole
House ?
Mr. HOUSTON. You cannot do that until they
are reached.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The'SPEAKER., by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Pres-
ident of the United States, transmitting a report
from the Secretary of War, with the accompany-
ing: documents, recommending the lepayment to
Governor Douglass, of Vancouver's Island, of the
sum of $7,000 advanced by him to Governor
Stevens, of Washington Territory, which was
applied to the purchase of ammunition and sub-
sistence stores for the forces of the United States
in a time of need, and at a entical peiiod of the
late war in that Territory, The Piesident recom-
mends that, as this advance was made by Gov-
ernor Douglass out of his own private means, and
from friendly motives towards the United States,
an appropriation should be made for the payment
of the same, with interest.
The communication was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and, with the accom-
panying papers, ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Interior,
transmitting .the names of the clerks and other
persons employed in his Department during the
year ending 31st of December, 1858, the time each
was employed, and the amount paid to each of
them respectively; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication' frojfr the Secretary of
State, in answer to a resolution ofthe Houses-ask-
ing information as to the number.of comm^r^uxi'
agents appointed by the consul general to Ca#ax&,
the amount of fees teceived, &c.; whieh waslkid
on the table, and ordered to be printed. ; '
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
State, inclosing a communication addressed toihe
Committee on Foreign Affairs, relative to -the
claim of James Keenan,'United St%es cons# at
Hong Kong; which was referred to the Comrftit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to-be printed.
PUBLIC PROPERTY AT HARRODSBURG.'
Mr. JEWETT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to repeal the law authorizing thesale
of Government property at Harrodsburg, Ken-
tucky, and for other purposes; which Was read
a first and second time, and referted to "the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
LOAN BILL.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask permission of the House
to introduce a bill for reference merely.
The bill was reported, as follows:
A bill to authorize a loan not exceeding the sum
of $20,000,000.
Mr. KIL'GORE objected.
CAPTAIN T. J. CRAM.
Mr. FAULKNER. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a resolution call-
ing for some information which the Committee on
Military Affairs deem necessary.
The resolution was read for information, as
follows:
Jicso/retf, That the Secretary of War be requested to trans-
mit to this Uou^o a copy of the memoir ol Captain A. A.
Humphreys, together with anv other papers in his Depart-
ment, connected with tiie topographical memoir of Captain
T. J. Cram..of the United states Army, a document which
has been called for b> a fotmei resolution of tins House.
Objection was made.
'RICHARD CIIANEY.
Mr. CURTIS asked and obtained leave to have
the papcis in the case of Richard Chaney with-
drawn from the files of the House, and referred to
the Committee of Claims.
THOMAS WALTON AND OTHERS.
Mr. EDMUNDSON asked and obtained leave
to have the'papersin the case of Thomas Walton
and others withdrawn from the Committee on
Pensions and referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims.
REVISION OF THE TARIFF.
Mr. PALMER. I ask leave to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Wheiea- the revenue? ofthe Government are insufficient
to moot its expciidiuue-s, and a national debt ought not to
he created in time of peace ; and whcieas the manufactur-
ing and producing interests of the eonntiy which come in
competition with impnrtr- aio greatly depressed under the
operation of the piot-enf lanff: Theiefoie,
Ilesotved, That the Committee of Way* and Means be in-
stiucted to report n bill ,->o revising the tanfV'aw to make the
revenues of the Covei nment adequate to its expenses, eco-
nomically administered ; and, at the --ame time,by discrim-
inating in favor or' American pioductb and manufactures,
and .^ubf-titunn<f, wheio practicable, sprrijlc for ad valorem
duties. afford increased protection to the industry of the
country.
Several Members (on the Democratic side of
the House) objected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I insist oil my mo-
tion to adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
three o'clock awl twenty-seven minutes, p. m.)
the House adjourned to Monday.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 31, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. William Pincknev, D, D.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and ap-
proved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message of the President of the United
States, transmitting, in compliance with a'resolu-1
tion of the Senate of the 25th instant, a copy of
the report of the special agent of the United States,
recently sent to Vancouver's Island and British
Columbia.
Mr. MASON. At the suggestion of the Sena-
