686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
tor who called for that information, I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a message of the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting a report of the Secretary
of State, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 14th June last, requesting information on
the subject of claims of.citizens of the United
States" again & foreign Governments.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I think that is the remain-
der of the report, of which the greater portion was
sent us the other day, and winch the Senate or-
dered to be printed. I move that this additional
report be also printed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The motion
to print wj11 go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I presume that will scarcely
be necessary. The Committee on Printing has
already advised the printing of the report; and in
the report already made, it was stated that there
would be a small supplement. I ask only for the
printing of the usual number.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It recjuires
unanimous consent to order the printing without
reference to the Committee on Pinning.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a message oft he President of the United
States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
War, recommending the repayment to Governor
Douglass, of Vancouver's Island, of the sum of
$7,000, advanced by him to Governor Stevens,-
of Washington Territory, which was applied to
the purchase of ammunition and subsistence stores
for the forces of the United States, in lime of need,
and at u critical period of the late Indian war in
that Territory. As this advance was made by
Governor Douglass, out of his o\v n pi i vatc-m^aiw,
and from friendly motives towatds the United
States, the President lecomrnends that, an appro-
priation be made for its immediate payment, with
interest.
Mr. MASON. I examined thatdocument, and
it seems to me it should go to the Committee on
Territories.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on Tenitones
have no objection to taking ehni ge of the .subject,
but it seems more appropriate to the Committee,
on Military Aiiairs.
Mr. MASON. It is not important. I talked
with the chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, and it was bis impression, and mine, that
itpropeily belonged to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Mr. GREEN. I have no objection to that ref-
erence.
Iuwas so referred.
The. PRESIDENT1 pro tcmpoie also laid before
the Senate a report of the Sooietarv of the Tieas-
ury, m answer to a resolution of the Senate rail-
ing for infoimtuion in f^aid lo the number of
American vessels which aie en^aiii d niivetly in
the palm oil trade on the coastof Africa, the aver-
ago number of their voyages annually, their ton-
nage, the nature and values of their exports and
imports, and the amount of duties derived from
them by the Treasury of the United State*; winch,
on motion of Mr. Si:waud, was leferred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations; and a motion
by him to print jt was rulerred to the Committee
on Printing.
tie also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of the Navy, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate, copies of
the correspondence and oihei papeis relating to
the naval depot at Ciythe Island, Geoigia; winch,
on motion of Air. Mallort, was ordered to he
on the table.
lie also laid befoie the Senate a report of the
Secietary of the Ticasury, in an-wcr to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 29th instant, calling for
copies of all bids for furnishing granite for the ex-
tension of the Treasury building, made in 1S55;
which, on motion of Mr. Hunier, was ordered
to he on the tabic.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills, received ftom the House
of Representatives on Satuiday last, were sever-
ally read twice by their titles, and referred as in-
dicated below:
A bill (No. 450) for the relief of the heirs or
legal representatives of Francis Guillory—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 838) fur the relief of Daniel Cole—
to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (No. 847) for the relief of Angelina C.
Bowman, widow of I^ancis L. Bowman, late
captain United States Army—lo the Committee
on Pensions.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the joint resolution of the Sen-
ate (No. 52) for the relief of William Hazzard
Wigg.
Also, that the House had passed the bill of the
Senate (No. 334) for the relief of Thomas Lau-
rent, surviving partner of the firm of Benjamin
and Thomas Laurent
ENROLLED GILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed an enrolled joint resolution (S. No. 52)
for the relief of William Hazzard Wigg; and an
ij enrolled bill (H. R. No. 540) to provide for the
lighting with gas certain streets across the mall;
ij winch thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore. # j
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. |
Mr. BRODERICK. I am requested to present I
the petition of John H. Bradley ami otheis, of '
Jackson, and its vicinity, in the Slate of Cahr'or- j
; ma, praying the establishment of a tri-weekiy |
! mail between St. Joseph, Missouri, and Placer- '
ville, California. It is a short petition, and I ask j
that it be read. j
The Secretary read it, as follows: I
To fhe houoiaf'le tnc Sciateand Hovsc of Rcp'i csentutivcs 1
oj the ZJinlcd Slides oj Ji.nciia. :
I The underpinned, oitin* ivt 01' J nekton and vcindy, m the j
j State of Cahtom.a, fbrply unpicked w dii tie nnpeiritive
! ru i-f'-Miy ol an intimate and speedy mail connection with
, em 11 iciu' * in liie Allan tie r'Uile.-, ami bclie\ ma, ju  we do,
] tint)! join honorable iiiulir-. will iti ex to.' nrnl ^ervi'-o
j h< I ween St. Joseph, in the State of \Ii->oiui, and the city of
, I'l.n-ci vaile, i i ihw Scan, m> lo «iv- a n i- wcekl\ mu>l*be-
j iween (hose pl.u e«, t [iic-v famiable end t nn be accompli died ;
I theteioie te-pert fully and earnestly pehlrMi jour honoi able
j hoiiie>, to take Mieli action in the mail eras the exigencies
j ot tiie ca-e may <leniantl.
! It i-. u well known l.Ht.tlnit lot the last mneyem^ the
| central unite to the Pacific, \ la Salt Lake City, ha?i been,
{ and -aill h, tlie jreneiai thoiouiduaie ot emiL'iat.en to Cah-
! 1! n nni. That, in add i mm to being I he be>t inuur.il load. lor
i liic-i'ine dM,nice, on the ;dobr, u is also supplied with a
[ continuous. meadow of muiiuoiH ciaws upon winch
countless thousands ot ainniaN bub^ist duitng the annual
Ijejrii.i.
Moreover, the counties of VA JVirado am! tfaeiamento
have appiopinued and fpent ,<,'>0,000 m the oornttucuon of
a \\ a;;i)n loud over the Siena Ne\adn, fiom iMaeei-
Mlt" to ^'aivon valley That woik is now completed. and
i - ptnbabh one of the hc-t mountain ioad-1 on tin* continent.
Aheady a mn'fnet.c tele^iaph line is heui<( rapuilv con-
stiu>;cd .ilDiii: the loure to Salt Luke Citv; comloitabb;
,-!.ilinn- and ic-tiny-pliiec^ nic bein<„' established at piopei
uiteivaL- on the «oad; and although tin' p>o-,ent mad oon-
nact'i!-, haw had an cM'cnielv hinin d pen<ul in which to
piejure tor tin -e'lVjee. ihe weekly mad-. now )e:ieh C;ih
'.nriiM \; uh <■ ni priMn',' e'sinlat ity.
I'm th<' above leu-ons <nid Uoni a knowledge of what has
aloMil} «n <-ii a< 1 oinpli-Mied, we me eonvinced tinU in !•
than two \ ear - ironi t'ie pre-ent date tin1 in.u!- can be ear
lied over thi- loute in b'<s than fitteen days' navelimtune.
We tiienioie eaine=tlv solicit that you mav nicte.^e tlio
sps.'1'd so n - to uni tlnon^a in tuentv oi twenty llvudajs,
and tlierehy a--i-t in piepann^ the way foi a ni<ae o^pedl-
nous nan-it at nu early day
[{elii-Miiy Unit jmn houonddo hodio^ will pcrecive ard
,j njijiK-eiate t'ne ixieai n.itioini nnponaneeot a moie • peedv
1 and fiecpn-tit efjnniuueeaiion bctua en our wideij stpaiated
[ po--e--ion->, we le^pct itally mce the, foiegnma upon \oiit
e;ul\ and mvoiablc consideration; and your petilionoiri will
; ever pra> . Lc.
j Mr. BRODEU1CK. I move its reference to the
1 Committee on the Post Oiluv and Po&t iloads.
j The motion was agreed to.
,! Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, presented the
| memorial of the National Land Reform Associa-
| tion, New Yoik, for a change in the present sys- !
| tcm of disposing of the public lands; which was I
; ordered to lie on the table. ]
! He aU'o presented a memorial of citizens of'
i Tennessee, residing in and near Jonesboro, pray- j
i mg that the bill granting pensions to the soldiers ]
, of the war of 1812, now before Congiess, may i
j become a law; which was leferred to the Qom- ;
i mittce on Pensions.
i Mr. MALLORY presented a communication
j from residents of Key West, Florida, against
|| the discontinuance of the mail service between
ii Charleston and Havana, via Key West; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of Noah
Pairbank, praying that sea-soing sail vessels of
a certain tonnage may be required to take with
them on every voyage a copy of the directions
for making fresh water fiom sea water; which
was referred to tiie Committee on Commerce.
Mr. YULEE presented the petition of Mrs.
Ann W. Angus, widow of the late Captain Sam-
uel Angus, United States Navy, asking a certain
allowance; which wins referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. GREEN presented the memorial of the
Legislature of the Territory of New Mcxico, ask-
ing" appropriations for the completion of the cap-
ital and penitentiary buildings in said Territory;
which was referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries*
REJECTED PATENTS.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee 'on
I^atents and the Patent Office:
Rcsohed. That the Secrctaiy of the Interior he instructed
to eau c to be ptepaied. dunmrthc roces.sof fongross, a list
of all r-jeeud ami Mi-p^nded applications? for patents for
inventions, from 1810 to the Utot Dt\embui, 1S59, naming
; the cause ot lejection and su-pen-aon, Willi tlm name of the
j inventor arid date of In* application, and loport the same
! to the Sennfe. on tin; convening of the next Congress, for
Hie conhimaiion and conMd"iauoii ot the Senate.
!
! DICTIONARY OF CONGRESS.
j Mr. SEWARD submitted tho following reso-
lution.; winch was considered by unanimous con-
, sent, and agreed to:
I lie,oh cJ, That the Comnn'tee on fhe Xjihiarv be directed
to i.i'pihe into the expedient of puicha.-inir, f«.) the u-e of
the derate, an edition of Lammi fDictionary of Congress,
a. copy 01 which i-= heiewnh -atbunUed
REVISION OF TIIE TARIFF.
Mr. iilULER. I submit the following reso-
lution:
ll^olced* A ^ liie opinion of the Senate, that the cieation
of a I iiir" public (1 eh r in ume of po if.- i, tivon?i-,tent wi'h
the tine pohr>\ oj the United ?tati">: and as tin' present lev-
; enne-i ai^ in4>utliei"nt to mecttlie unavonlab'e expenses of
The Government, Cunn'e  --houM p!'>cu d, witlnait delay,
, to t-o n'adjU'-t the levenin' law?a-> not onlv to meet the de-
ficit m the cunent expense-, huttnpay otithe present debt
; ho tai as it may be liable to immediate cancellation.
! It is not my intention to ask for the consider-
ation of the resolution to day; but I should be glad
; to have it made the oider of the day for Thurs-
day next, at one o'clock. I make that motion,
i Mr. BENJAMIN". I object to that.
! Mr.TOOMHS. I think it is a very important
1 resolution, and it should be discussed; and it had
better come in that form than any other. I hope
mv friend from Louisiana will withdraw his ob~
i jeetion. Let the issue come at once. I am ready
• to meet it.
Mr. BENJAMIN". I withdraw the objection,
in deference to my friend ftom Georgia.
Mr. HALE. 1 should like to know if leave
: has been given to withdiavv the papers from the
I Democratic caucus. [Laughter.] It has been
; there once.
The motion of Mr. Biui.er was agreed to.
! ALLEGATIONS OF FRAUD.
Mr. GWtN. I «'ii' red ■ resolution the other
dnv, to whinli t'lK- a'c-r fVmi] Michigan [Mr.
, Stcjakv] objoeird. 1 wj?!i to move that it be taken
up now, and o led upon. If is a mere resolution
| of inquiry. 1 hope it will hu taken up and mod-
ified.
The motion was n^reed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
licti! 'cd Thar the Oommiin-e on Mditaiy Affairs be in-
st;iictv-c£ to inqnue into the af:< <fauon of hand m the pro-
; po-et! puriha.-o of a sue for loitnication^ upon the north
1 tide of the bay ot tfan Fi.iuciico ; and that «irud committee
be autlioiized to .-end for poison; and papeia.
Air. STUART. I objected to that resolution
when it was presented the other day, but I un-
derstand the Senator is willing to modify it. I
move to strike out that part ot it whick author-
izes the comnuttec to send for persons and pa-
pers, and to instruct them to report at the present
session.
Mr. G WIN. I do not object to that. I accept
the amendment.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to, as
■ follows:
! Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
I structed to inquire into the allegations of fraud in the pro-
