1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
65
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment of Judge Watrous—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
to bring the suits to be brought against those who !
were in possession of it, in the Federal court of !
Texas, over which Judge Watrous presided, in ,
order that they might be removed from Texas to j
Louisiana? Lapsley declared that that was his I
intention. The honorable gentleman from Mary- j
land, [Mr. Davis,] in referring to the case, on !
Saturday, stated that it was clear to his mind that |
that was the intention also of League. He ad- j
mitted, too, that that intention was an improper
one; and then said, in so many words, that if that
design could be brought home to Judge Watrous,
he would then be prepared to impeach him. Now,
I would ask that gentleman how such an intention
is to be brought home to the judge? You cannot
look into his heart and read his intention. Must |
he confess it? Is it requisite that he should have ,
declared it in so many words, before you can be-
lieve it? Why men conceal evil deeds—they :
cover up evil intentions. It is rare, indeed, in -the !
administration of criminal justice, that the posi- '
tive intent of criminals is shown by direct proof.
It cannot be done, sir. It is not necessary that it !
should be done to convict in any case where crime j
is charged. And how then, I ask, can it be no- j
cessary to make such direct proof in order, not J
to convict, but to accuse ? Not to condemn, but |
only to put one on trial? No, sir; the intent may ;
in ail cases be inferred from the acts done; and I ,
will say to that gentleman', that if the intent of i
Judge Watrous cannot be inferred from the facts
shown in this case, it is difficult for me to imagine
a case m which it can be mfeired at all.
Why, sir, eontiai y to what usually takes place :
in such investigations, the intent of Lapsley and
League is positively shown. And is it not also
shown that John C. Watrous was their partner
in a common undertaking? that they were partneis 1
engaged m the piosecution of a common design?
that they were partners who wished to derive,
and who have derived, a common benefit from the
same tiansaction? Under these circumstances,
and under the principles of the criminal law, is it
not true that, instead of its being necessary to do ,
what the gentleman fiom Maryland suggested !
was requisite in order to satisfy his nund—to
prove that Judge Watrous was actuated by the
same intention which influenced Lapsley and
League—it would be necessary for Judge Wat- \
rous, in order to exonerate himself from such a 1
charge, to prove the contrary ? The legal presump- j
tion is, the necessaiy presumption is, that those ,
men, being parties in a common transaction, hav- '
ing a common interest—proposing a common ad-
vantage, the necessary piesumption, I say, is,
that they acted with a common design, with a
common inient; and that they have, therefore, a
common guilt. Adopt any other rule than this,
and the greatest criminals will go unpunished—
the greatest crimes go " unwhipped of justice." ,
1 will now, Mr. Speaker, address myself to
what I conceive to be the great questions involved '
in the inquiry before us. _ j
The passage of the resolution authorizing the '
impeachment of Judge Watrous is resisted upon
two or three giounds. And fust, I will refer to t
the objections made in the case arising under the
memorial of Jacob Mussina. It is said that the
ruling of the judge, when taking jurisdiction of a :
case of which the court had not rightful junsdic- !
tion, was an error of judgment; and that a judge,
for such a ruling, is not amenable to tins House,
and cannot be subjected to an impeachment. Mr. .
Speaker, I think that that position is meoncct.
I think that it is one winch is disproved by the
past practice of this House, and by the past ac-
tion of the Senate, sitting as a high court of im-
peachment. Gentlemen say that a judge cannot
be impeached and cannot be removed from olfiee
unless he has been guilty of corruption; that is,
has done some act which involves the acquisition
of an unrighteous gam to himself. I deny the
correctness of that proposition. The contrary is
shown by the practiceof this Governmentfrom its
very foundation. There have been, Mr. Speaker,
but three impeachments of judges since we be-
came a nation; ami, to the honor of the Amenoan
judiciary be it stated, that not one of those
peachmcnts has been based upon the ground ox
corruption in office
Th-'re was the case of Judge Chase. This House
determined, after a solemn investigation, that his
Kew'SEIUE;?.—No. 5.
; conduct was a proper subject for impeachment
j before the Senate. Was he charged with corrup-
: tion? No, sir; the charges amounted to nothing
; more than this: that he had allowed his partisan
feelings to become enlisted until his political ran-
cor had induced him to bear down oppressively
upon a person brought before his tribunal upon a
criminal accusation. In that case it was the sense
of this House, as it was afterwards the sense of
the Senate, that such conduct was unworthy of a
judge; that it was of such a character as to give
foundation for an impeachment; and that, if the
allegations were established, it would justify his
removal from the bench.
Another case was that of Judge Peck. Was
that a case in which he was accused of corrupt
practices, with proposing to obtain wealth, mo-
ney, pecuniary advantage? Not at all, sir. It
was a case m which he was charged with having,
under the influence of partiality, proceeding from
no matter what source, used his power arbitrarily
to oppress a member of the bar in the conduct of
a cause depending before his court. And what
was the decision of the House of Representatives,
sitting at that day, upon that charge? It was,
sir, that when a judge, under the influence of per-
sonal feeling, showed partiality in such a manner _
as to operate injuriously upon the interests of a t
lawyer or his client, it was an impeachable mat- i
tor; and if proved to the satisfaction of the Sen- '
ate, would authorize his removal from the bench.
There was yet another case, the case of Judge
Pickering. Was he ehaiged with corruption ?
No, sit, he was charged with an error of judg-
ment; he was charged with an improper ruling.
It was not pretend-d that he proposed any pecu-
niary advantage lo himself. Rut whether itgrew
out of favor towards one party or opposition to \
another party, he was charged with having de- !
cided incorrectly and improperly, under the influ- '
enc of improper motives. This House consid- i
ered in that case that an impiopcr ruling was a I
proper subject of impeachment where it was of
a gioss and palpable character—that it was pioper
that the judge should be impeached, and the mat-
ter presented to the constitutional tribunal, in or-
der that if it was then found upon examination
that the interests of public justice required it, he
might be removed. And m that instance and
upon that charge the Senate of the United States
dccided that he ought to be removed, and he
was removed by tSie decision of that august tri-
bunal.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I desire to ask
the gentleman fiom Louisiana, while he is upon
that part of the subject, whether he understands,
from the ruling m the case referred to, that a
simple error of judgment, without corrupt inten-
tion, would be a good ground of impeachment*
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. No, sir; a mere
error ofjudgment would not authorize an impeach-
ment; but where a judge makes a ruling winch
is m itself grossly and palpably wrong, it is the
right, and I believe it to be the duty of the House,
when it is brought to its notice, and it is of a
charaeter to affect the rights of litigants or to
wrest aside or pervert the course of justice, to pre-
sent the fact to the Senate by impeachment of the
judge, in order that all the circumstances con-
nected with the improper ruling may be investi-
gated, with a view to ascertain what were the true
causes which produced it. If, upon investigation,
it were ck ar that it was the result of a mere error
of judgment, that there was no intention to op-
press, no intention to wrest aside the course of
justice, it would necessarily be the duty of the
Senate to absolve him. 12uf if, on the other hand,
it should he found that the improper rulings were
the result of a desire to benefit one party, or to
oppiess another; that the mind of the judge had
been influenced by; hatred or affection, by feelings
of partiality or dislike, oi, in a woid, by any
motive which was inconsistent with the faithful
and honest uisohaige of the judicial function,
without regard to the character, position, or re-
lations of the names, then to my mind it is clear
that the judge should bj com'"innedand removed
from office. The Senate i* the only tribunal au-
thoiizod to absolve or condemn in such a case,
and when there is reasonable ground to appre-
hend that a grossly incorrect ruling, of the char-
acter spoken of, has been made by a judge, it is
my deliberate opinion that the public interest re-
quires that he should be impeached.
That judges are not responsible for mere errors
of judgment, is a rule of law that has been long
since firmly established in England. And yet,
in that country, if a judge ignorantly condemn
a man to death for felony, where the act done was
not a felony, and the person condemned suffers
the punishment, the judge would be subjected to
fine and imprisonment, and to loss of office. And
a judge would also be responsible there in the
same manner, if, being in the exercise of a limited
jurisdiction, he exceeded the power conferred on
him. And would it not bo the same here? With
respect to rulings like those piesented in the
Cavazos case, it seems to me a perversion of
common sense to call them errors of judgment.
They were grossly and palpably wrong; so
grossly and palpably so that it is difficult for the
mind to conceive that they were the result of
want of knowledge; and a violent presumption
almost necessarily arises, that the rulings were
caused by the operation of some improper motive
or influence on the mind of the judge.
It is true, sir, that there is no evidence before
j us directed to that point, but it does notnecessa-
, rily follow that there is none m existence. Though
i all wrong decisions of judges are injuries to in-
dividuals, and do mischief to the public in all
instances; it is nevertheless certain that there
would be no impropriety in making them subjects
of investigation under ordinary circumstances.
I But it is otherwise in cases like the present. Ju-
I dicial decisions may be erroneous hom want of
| knowledge or from lack of legal or judicial d is-
j crimination; but they may also be wrong because
j the mind is operated on by interest, or is drawn
I aside by favoritism, or is perverted by passion,
! prejudice, or any other of the many impure, sel-
| fish, or dishonest motives that too often take
possession of and sway it. To refuse to impeach
; for rulings like these now before us would be, in
; my view, full of danger to the future administra-
! tions of justice; for, to use the language of the
| mover ot the resolution for the impeachment of
j Judge Chase, "To allow judges to disregard the
I Constitution, and shelter themselves under tho
| doctrine that they are not punishable for errors
; of judgment, would be giving them a dangerous
i latitude indeed."
Mr. Speaker, I will now proceed to the other
branch of the case—that presented in the memo-
rial of Eliphas Spencer. In that case, it is shown
that Judge Watrous entered into an arrangement
with other parties for the purchase of a laige tract
of land; that in consequence of his being a party
; to that purchase, the suits which could have been
| rightfully tried in the district court of the United
! States for Texas were necessarily removed to
! Louisiana; and that it was the intention of the
; parties, in making the arrangement, that the suit
I should be brought in Judge Watrous's court, and
! then removed to the State of Louisiana. And
1 what was the effect of this proceeding? It was
! to compel citizens of the State of Texas, who
i were entitled under the Constitution and laws of
, the United States to have their causes tried within
the State of Texas, to have them adjudicated by
' a tribunal within the territorial limits of the State
: of which they were citizens; it was, I say, to com-
pel them to go into another State to follow the
suits brought against them, to impose on them the
burden of going to another jurisdiction; it im-
; posed upon them the necessity of going to a court
holdon at a distance of some live or six hundred
| miles from the place whore they resided; it en-
1 tailed upon them the necessity of employing
counsel in a country where they were unknown;
it imposed upon poor men a burden which they
, could illy sustain, and it gave to wealthy men
advantages which they knew well how to avail
themselves of.
! Now, sir, without attempting to investigate the
facts, without attempting to refer to pamcular
1 portions of the evidence, I shall assume that it is
clearly established that it was the intent and de-
sign of Judge Watrous in becoming a pai ty to the
' purchase with Lapsley and his associates, to com*
; nel this transfer, with all its attendant corse-
; quences, to the injury of the parties who were to
■ be the defendants in the suits to be brought foi the
• benefit and advantage of himself and his associ-
