66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 13,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Impeachment of Judge Watrous—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
ates. If this be true, and I cannot for a moment
conceive how the fact can be controverted, then
it seems to me clear that Judge Watrous, in be-
coming a party to that transaction, became a
proper subject for the exercise of the impeaching
power of tnis House.
But it issaid by the opponents of the resolution
before us, that a judge of a United States court
had the same right to purchase land as any other
man; it was said by the gen tleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Dayis,] and several others, that Judge Wat-
rous had the right to be engaged in this trans-
action, though his engaging in it ncccssarily led
to the results spoken of. Mr. Speaker, I differ in
opinion from all those gentlemen. That Judge
watrous had a right to purchase land, as a gen-
eral rule, is beyond all dispute; but that he had
no right to engage in a purchase of land which
would interfere with the discharge of his duties
as judge, I think is equally beyond dispute.
But I will go further than this. I say that Judge
"Watrous had no right, as a man, to engage in that
particular transaction at all.
The honorable gentleman from the State of Ten-
nessee, [Mr. Reajdy,] who spoke upon this sub-
ject, alluded to one of the witnesses who appeared
before the Committee on the Judiciary, in this
case, (Simon Mussina,) and strove to create an
impression in the House unfavorable to the char-
acter of that witness, by reciting the fact that he
had entered into a contract with parties now liv-
ing in Mexico, who claimed to be the owners of
the land in question under the same grant, which
he said was a champerty contract. Well, sir, I
am not here for the purpose of defending the char-
acter of Simon Mussina; 1 am not here for the
purpose of defending the chaiacter of the contract
entered into by him with a view to enforce the
title of parties in Mexico to the land, and under
which he is to obtain a portion of jt for his ser-
vices in the event of success in the contemplated
litigation. The gentleman stated that the effect
of this arrangement, if carried out, would be to
oust the squatters, as he termed them, from the
land, and intimated, as I understood him, that, in
this, Mussina was acting against those in whose
interest he had prepared the memorial of Ebphas
Spencer. The gentleman will remember, and the
House will remember, that this airangement was
made after the decision of the suit by which those
squatters were ousted from their possession, under
the claim of Lapsley, Watrous, and their asso-
ciates, and that, if anything glows out of u, it
will have the effect of ousting these parties from
the vast tract of land which they now appear to
have possession of.
Hut while speaking of this champerty contract
of Mussina, it seems never to have occurred to
the gentleman from Tennessee that Judge Wat-
rnus himself was a party to a champerty contract.
What whs the arrangement by which this land
was acquired ? What do the facts show? They
ahow that the title to this Kind upon which Laps-
ley, Watrous, and their associates, instituted the
.suits against Eliphas Spencer and others, was?
vested plior to lhV)0,and had heen for many years
previously nested in certain other parties, wh« 
had never attempted to enforce the title: that the
grant or concession under which this title existed
covered some fifty or sixty thousand acres of land;
that a huge portion of this vast extent of land was
in the possession of settle) s who had made it pro-
ductive by their toil—had mode their homes upon
it, and who had been in the quiet possession of it
for years; and (hat Judge Watmus wen himself
a party to the iu imigement by which this title was
purchased, with the intention of instituting suns
to dispossess those occupants. If gentlemen will
refer to the common-law definition, they will find
thatchamperty is nothing moi e nor jess than buy-
ing the rights of parties \w 'h a view to subsequent
litigation. What does RlacK'Hone -<<iy about u?
Why he says, (vol. 4, p. Jo.3,) th <t " in one sen?-v
of the woid, it," cbampei 'y, " : igiire's the pai -
••basing of a suit, or rigut i.;'sit:t, "and then speaks
ot it as a thing $< abhorred by our law " A ml u r..«r,
does he say of those who engage in such opoM-
tions ? He terms tliem the " p< sts of civil soci-
ety," who ''are perpetually endeavoring to dis-
turb the repose ot then' neighbors;" and reina; ks
that they were severely animadverted on by the
Roman law, and were punished under it by a for-
feiture of one third of their goods, " and perpetual
infamy." This purchase, then, by Judge "Wat-
rous and his associates, was a champerty arrange-
ment. The trans-action was wrong in itself; it
was one which would have been punishable as a
criminal offense under the common law of Eng-
land.
But, sir, it may be that in the States of this
Union it is not such an offense; it may be that
no penalty is attached to the fact of being en-
gaged in such a transaction; but I hold it to be
immoral in any man, and especially for a man
holding a high judicial position, to purchase, un-
der these cn cumstances, for the paltry consider-
ation of $7,000, a title under which a recovery of
property which the purchasers believed to be
worth §300,000 was to be had againstactual pos-
sessors. If they succeed, it will indeed enrich
them; but how? By rendering destitute scores
of families, driving them from their homes, and
stripping them of possessions which they have
peaceably enjoyed for years, and which they had
a right to consider theirs, and which would have
been theirs but for the conduct of these persons.
Why, sir, is it not apparent to all that the settlers
on this land would have joyfully paid the amount
received by the former holders of this title, to se-
cure themselves in their possessions, if they had
had an opportunity of doing it5 Tut they had no
such opportunity; and these parties, a judge of
a Federal court being one, taking advantage of
their knowledge of facts not known to the former
holdeis of the title, it is to be presumed, or to the
common mass of the people, make this purchase
for the purpose of enriching themselves to the
injury both of the actual possessors of the soil,
and of those from whom they obtained the title.
Sir, I am one of those who believe that trans-
actions of this character are in opposition to good
morals, and injurious to the best interests of the
country. Speculations such as this engaged in by
Judge "Watrous are demoralizing in the highest
degree. They not only strike down the hand of
honest industry, make desolate the happy homes
of those who go into the wilderness and subdue
it for the support of man, but strengthen that
unhallowed appetite for gam without labor, which
makcN men reap where they have not sown, and
which, in its increasing voracity, seems to threaten
the very vifals of the Republic.
Hut, sir, 1 will now look at the connection of
the judge with th;^ speculation in another aspect.
1 f this were a tt an.--action which was right in itself;
if this were a transaction m which an ordinary
man could engage without stain, without subject-
ing himself to moral censure, it is a transaction
in which a judge, placed upon the bench, has no
right to enter. What is the position of a judge?
He is set apart for the discharge of judicial func-
tions; he is a priest appointed to minister in the
sacred temple of justice; ho is to hokl the scales
even between men and pass upon the rights which
may be bi ought into controversy befose him. It
is his duty to be impartial; it is his duty to ad-
minister the high functions of his otfice impar-
tially m every case which, under the hiws and the
<Constitution, may with propriety he brought be-
fore him by any citizen of the Republic, or which
may be brought against any citizen of the Re-
public. When he goes upon the bench, there is
an obligation contracted by him that he will dis-
ch'nge the duties of his ollice faithfully; that he
will remain in such a position that he may try the
case.-? whu h may arise within the tentorial lim-
its of the district for which he is appo ut(-d. f
hold that, when a judge has once taken his seat
upnii the bench, that obligation exists, that it is
imperative upon hun. ft maybe true, that while
«>n ordinary citizen he might engage in this and
that transaction; but if he becomes a pidge, if he
tA'< s his seat upon the bench, this right is sur-
icadered so tar that he has no right to engage in
any iransac'ion vhi'-h may be likely to embar-
i i.-s his mindiii the cases before him,or have the
i Hecf, of imposing a burde.i not contemplated by
tiie law upon any citizen living within his d-strict,
if Judge Watrous na<t not >mgng.' d m that frans-
action, the defendants in the Lapsley case woi/d
have be*n entitled to atrial of their causes b« fore
his tribunal; entitled to have the questions of fact
arising lrt them passed upon by a jury of the vi-
cinage.
This judge, by his acts in the pursuit of gain
after he went upon the bench, rendered that im-
possible. This judge, by his acts after he went
upon the bench, placed a portion of his fellow-cit-
izens, men who had a right to the decision in that
court at that place, in such a position that they
were compelled to go before a tribunal foreign to
them. That, sir, was one of the causes which led
our fathers to engage in the revolutionary strug-
gle which severed these provinces from the mother
country. I know not what other men may think
upon that subject; butfor myself, I am clear that,
under the principles of the Constitution of the
United States, it is the right of this House, it is
its duty, if such facts—facts which produce such
results—are brought to its knowledge, to prefer
an accusation against such judge, in order that
the Senate of the United States, sitting as a court
for the trial of impeachments, may determine
whether or not a functionary, who has so far for-
gotten the contract between him and the people of
the United States, which was necessarily implied
in his acceptance of the judicial office, has not
committed an act which is a cause, and a just
cause, for his removal.
It will not do to tell us, to tell the people, that
this man, although his conduct is improper; al-
though it is unworthy of a judge; although it pre-
vents him from discharging a part of the duty
which he undertook to perform when he went into
office, and deprived a portion of his fellow-citizens
of rights to which they were entitled under the
Constitution and laws of the countiy; it will not
do, [ say, to teli us that he cannot be impeached,
removed from office, because what he has done
is not an offense known to the law. Why, sir,
what is the tenure by which a judge holds his of-
fice? and for whom does he hold it? He holds
his office during " good behavior;" and he holds
it for the common benefit and advantage of the
people. If this be so, is he not removable when
he is guilty of misbehavior? when his conduct
becomes injurious to individuals and to the pub-
lic? Why, sir, if it be otherwise, then the judi-
cial office is private property and not a great pub-
lie trust; and the men who fill it are at liberty to
employ it, or to pervert it, with impunity, in the
pursuit of gain, without let or hinderanee, so long
as he is not guilty of positive corruption, or does
not subject himself to the stroke of criminal jus-
tice.
In most of the States of this Union, perhaps in
all, the people, under the authority of express
provisions embodied in their constitutions, can
get rid of any judicial officer who is believed to be
unfit for his position, through the action of the
Governor, who is authorized to remove any offi-
cer on an address of two thirds of both branches
ofthe State Legislature. No such provision, how-
ever, is contained in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, llere the only mode of removal is by
impeachment. Cut does it therefore necessarily
follow that an unfaithful and unfit judge cannot be
removal unless he has committed a well-formed,
distinct, and recognized oifense against a known
law ?
.No, sir: the Constitution of the United States
declares thatallcivil officers of the United States
shall be removed from office on impeachment for
and conviction of treason, bribery, or other high
crimes and misdemeanors." But it is also de-
clared in the Constitution that judges " shall hold
their offices during good behavior." So that, by
the veiv letter of that instiumeut, their right to
hold oifice is, necessarily, at an end whenever
there has been a breach of " good behavior" on
th"irparf. Now, sir, what is a breach or want
of "good behavior" in a judge? Why, sir, is it
not anything which is m its nature calculated to
render a judge unfit for the discharge of his judi-
cial functions; anything which shows that he has
thwarted the course of justice, under the influence
of improper motives; anything which shows that
hu is mcapahle of holding the scales of justice
even; anything which *bows that by his conduct
he will ri"prive lus fellow-citizens of their rights,
impose improper burdens upon them, or gave ad-
vantage ro combinations of men who seek unjust
gams at the expense of, or to the injury of, oth-
ers? And does it not, then, follow, of course,
that, in the sense of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, the word " misdemeanor" means, as
