1858.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
35tti Cong....2d Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
the gentleman from New York [Mr. John Coch-
rane] well expressed it, " misconduct," 44 mis-
behavior r"
And this, in my view, is the true, and the only
true meaning of the woid "misdemeanor," os
used in the provision of the Constitution referred
to; because the Constitution of the United States
does not give to n judge the place for life; does not
give to him the risjht to his office for any specified
length of time, but only so long as his conduct is
right and proper. Upon any other principle than
this, what would be the result* If you refuse to
pass this resolution, what would be the necessary
effect? A judge upon the bench will be at liberty
to pntpi into ( voi y species of speculation, though
such speculations have the effect of entirely dis-
qualifying him from the trial of the causes that
ou^hi legitimately to come before him Individ-
uals who desire to accomplish the removal of
causes from one State where they apprehend
defeat to another where they are assured of suc-
cess, contrary to the spirit and intention of the
Constitution and laws of the United States, will
be able to attain that end by making judges pat ties
to their transactions; en^a^mg them, under the
hope of gam, to lend themselves to msuie or pro-
mote the success of speculative schemes; and that,
too, in such a manner as to deprive multitudes
of individuals of the rights which their fellow-
citizens enjoy, of having the contioversies in
which they are engaged nied by their own juries,
decided by their own comts; and, at the name
timej in such a manner as to diminish the amount
of business imposed on them by their public duty, i
Such a state of things would hivo the effect of ;
giving extraordinary advantages to combinations ■
of intelligent and wealthy men over the poor and
ignorant. Men of small means may well defend ^
their own causes at home and among then own
fellows when the process of the courts is within
their State, and when the counsel who practice in
them are known to themselves or their neighbor*,
without incurring any extraordinary expendi-
ture; but when they are exposed to the danger of
being called a great distance from home, four, .
five, or six hundred miles, as has happened in 1
this instance, U becomes a burden which poveity j
cannot bear. !
Mr. Speaker, the most serious consequences !
will flow from a failure to impeach m this in-
stance. If we allow such acts on the part of judges !
to go unchallenged and unrebuked, the judicial |
office will soon ceas^ to be what it is designed to
be—a barrier against wrong and oppression: and
will, at no distant day, be converted by bad men
into an engine fur the making of unhallowed gams, !
whene\er speculatne (schemes can be ad\anced :
by giving him an interest in them. Look at the
temptations held out to bold and unscrupulous
speculators, to make judges a party to then oper- j
ations mthose States and Tei ritoi lew where there j
are great numbers of unsettled land titles' Why, :
sir, there are hundreds of millions of land titles I
in Texas, in California, and m New Mexico, now !
in dispute; and who is there that can tell what j
would be the evils that would be entailed on the
people theie, if judges are to be allowed to remain i
upon the bench without question or censure after J
they have been made interested, gratuitously, in j
disputed titles, by those who buy them up for mere
trifles, with a view to enforce them by a combina-
tion of talent and wealth against the actual pos-
sessor ?
For my own part, I feel it to be of the most ex-
treme importance to the people of the Umtfd
States that this House should act m such a man- '
ner as to make it certain that nu juJ'^e, after ite
has accepted a seat upon the ben«Ji, after he hay
becomc a minister in the temple of justice, shall
be engaged in any transaction which will be < d-
eulated to bias ins mind in respect to quotums
which may arise before him, or be temphd to
engage m tiansactions whioh will necessanly de-
prive those who are oidmaniy subjected to his
j us isdie.uoii, of the advantage oi hevin^ their 'ruis
at home, and suDj«'Ct ti <-m to the n< cessity of
going else where 'oi il.e udn j no.' of t h e;r eases.
Su , tin; judicial e< ..aoe .>h<"ik: b- .vi'hout spot <u
stain, and the breast-? of onr }1:J^<1 ► i should bu
sanctuaries m:o who&o saered preunets im im-
proper motive, no unuorthy thought, should
evr be a'hAwd to nnnde. And how, 1 would
i' ask, is this to be done? By keeping them out of
i' the mire of the world; by removing from the
j' bench everyone who ventures to abandon the
j, ministiy to which he is devoted when he puts on
jj his robes of office so far as to mix himself up in
the contentions and struggles of the world in the
' pursuit of gam, in th« manner John C. Watrous
has done.
j! It was not my intention to have spoken thus
j long; and I shall therefore now merely say, in
! conclusion, that, for myself, such is my convic-
jl tion as to the danger of failing to visit with proper
j' condemnation acts of the kind which have been
j, placed in evidence before us, such is my feeling
j: as to the duly I owe to tiie people of Texas, some
j of whose citizens have ah eady suffered from them,
! and others of whom aie still exposed to injury
I from other acts of the same description; such is
' my feeling as to the duty which I owe to the peo-
• pie of other States who are exposed to the same
■ practices, and the same evils, that I shall vote,
heartily vote, for the resolution of impeach-
ment.
p<jl1<jy of the government.
SPEECH OF HON. REUBEN DAVIS,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the House of .Representatives,
Decemhn 22, 1858.
The Uousip Ix-Miia m the Committee of the Whole on the
st.ue uf the Union—
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, said:
Mr. OiiumrAiY: The woild had arrived at a
nw c:a. An adventurer had gone foith and
discovered a newcontm< nt. It had been peopled;
iiL-ner I'ioi,-: had b- en l«orn and passed away.
Tii'1 heroes of i i'O Hi volution are in possession of
th>' country. A" a race, they had no parallel in
ancient or modern times. From their ciadle
tiu'y had looked out upon the noble foiests and
lofty mountains which surrounded tln-m, and in
their infant minds the grand and sublime had
been awakened; they had stood upon the batiks
of our mighty rivers, and ga/.ed on their waters
rapidly dashing on in freedom to old ocean;
they had seen the noble eagle leave his mount-
ain home, floating in blue ether, and lu^rd his
wild scream of liberty; and from these they had
caught the inspiration of freedom, and its love
had become a part of their natute. In theonjoy-
mont of their political rights they felt the op-
pressive hand of British dominion, and with the
sword they severed the tie of dependence, and
established thus itepul lie; the Constitution under
whuh we live is adopted, and wc rapidly pas*
from an infant and feeble state, to our present im-
portant position amidst the nations of the earth.
It is now announced in the Senate Chamber
" that tiie question of slavery m the Federal Ter-
ritories involves a dyuasticai struggle of two an-
tagonistical systems, the labor of staves and the
labor of freemen, for the mastery in the Federal
Union." This, sir, is but another mode of ex-
pressing the sectional contio\ersy winch has so
long existed baiwt-en the fu e and slave .States of
this Uinon, and which, if not arrested, must com-
mence its deebne and ultimate o\ert!i>ow. The
"u oi d *' dyuasticai," in th" in-" made of it in I he
above quotation.gives to e.a'li hysicm the import-
ance of ROVClelln/fV-ihh -lulO ofkiilL'S. Thus \\<>
an: told two dHMe't secerns —o distinct (Jov-
ernments, ^ove^'i^nlie.-- < pp- intnies'.', t>,>-
poshe in puiM-'t. ante ou -tieel—exist upon this
continent. ,.nu now sli ungle he • opei 10. iry, for
mastery ju the i'Youi «i 'Juion. I ln.s is
important, if frue.rnd ought to be n n<h ri_d in-
t'lbgiblo to the whole Americtn p'-ople, ber;uise
if such an an?3g<>tusm do-\s naturally and neces-
sarily exist, the one or the othei si rtion of t'ne
Union must become a conquered p: ovswv, a.id
repdi-red sa.bs 'tv-Mt, and suhordiiK'te.
Now, in a subeveouem poition of my remarks,
] sba) i i iu!t aV' >r to show tnat no such antaaoms? \
cx^ts hi iv.'i i n fo i' and t>kuv |j!,ur on this con-
tinent a,s tie .ona^m^em^'it. uiipbes. yet fur thy
pre sent—;r hav:''!r been as^i it- d by the acknowl-
edged luader of the fo<-lab<>r system—1 must
examine its puiport Theo!'jeet of thir: Govern-
ment was to advanco the common good of all the
States, and not to unite under one Government
two discordant elements, the one to be corrected
by the other. If, after seventy years, it is now
discovered that such antagonism of systems does
exist, it only affords a reason for a dissolution of
the Union, which must take place the very mo-
ment our people are fully convinced of the exist-
ence of this necessity. I regret, Mr. Chairman,
that the distinguished Senator who gave utterance
to this expression, had not afforded the country
evidence of its truth. I deny any antagonism
which justifies the struggle at this time existing
between the free and slave States. The struggle
is one of aggression and resistance, waged in vio-
lation of the constitutional compact; and is incited
by a spirit of avarice and injustice.
The first object of the struggle has been, and is,
to deprive the people of the slave States of any
interest in acquired territory, and thus prevent
their expansion. This looks chiefly to a limita-
tion of their political power. In such a contest
^s this there is no necessary or natural antag-
onism between systems of labor; it is the off-
spring of injustice. And the spirit which induces
it will not be satisfied with the mere possession
of power; it has a more important aim beyond.
It either intends the emancipation of the slaves,
or the enforcement of a system of revenue which
will oppress slave labor and enrich capital. If
either or both these objects enter into the strug-
gle,when all its objects are violative of the con-
stitutional compact, and absolve the States from
allegiance to the Federal Union.
Before 1 advance further in my remarks, to a
proper apprehension of my views, it is necessary
to examine the tiue nature of our Federal Gov-
ernment and the relation of the States to it. It
was crcatcd by the States by the advice and with
the consent of their people, and is the act of State
sovereignty. Its powers embrace only subjects
of a general nature, and such as appertain to the
relations between the States of the Union, and of
this with foreign Governments, while all that re-
lates to the civil rights of our people is reserved
to the States respectively. It acts upon measures
only which relate to sovereign States, and not to
individual citizens. It is a league, a compact
between the States, and not a union, as contended
for by many of our ablest statesmen.
The first contract between the States, after the
commencement of the Revolution, was only a
league—an alliance. And to strengthen which, the
convention was called which framed our present
Constitution; and that convention referred that
Constitution to the States, and not to the people
of the Union, for ratification. They could have
made no other disposition of it. If they had
referred it to the people to approve or reject, it
would have been an invitation to h'gh treason
against the States. The people of the States could
do nothing towards forming an alliance or union
without the permission of the State, and only
then through the State as the sovereign. Each
State was a separate and distinct sovereignty—
complete, full, and perfect; and the people who
resided therein were her citizens, and due her,
individually, allegiance. Had they attempted to
take fiom the State of which they were citizens
any portion of its sovereignty, to be transferred
10 another Government, they would have been in
tebeliion to the State, and punishable as traitors.
The people, then, without an act of revolution,
could not have transferred one particle of the sov-
ereignty of the State to the present Government.
Nor could the States have done it without the
consent of the people.
No Government can transfer one or all of its
citizens to another State without his or their con-
sent. And in the act of forming our present Fed-
eral Government, it required the concurring con-
sent of each State and its citizens; and as an
evidence that the Congress which proposed the
convention so regarded it, the proposition was
submitted to the States, and not the people as
such. The States, feeling that they had no power
to pait with a portion of the sovereignty vested
in them, consulted the people in legard to doing
il, and obtained their consent. The States, then,
having cieated tiie Federal Government, stand
between it and its citizens; and in all questions
involving the exercise of political power by the
Federal Government over the citizen, is the ar-
