APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 22,
35th Cong....2i> Sess.
Policy of the Government—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
biter, and it is her duty to decide how far she
surrendered sovereignty to the Federal Govern-
ment; and that decision is final. This leads
me to the conclusion that the States covenanted
with each other, and that the Federal Union is
the result of that covenant. Each of the States
having surrendered an equal amount of sover-
eignty for the common good of all, the residue
and most essential portion each retained. All that
which appertains especially to our domestic in-
terests and rights to property, is reserved to them.
They alone have power over questions relating
to property, to personal sccunty, religion, the
elective franchise, and such other subjects as their
citizens have an immediate interestin. On the
other hand, the powers of the Federal Government
extend to measures, not people—to great ques-
tions of public and national policy.
Now, this being the true nature of our Govern-
ment, whence comes the authority for a majority
of States to combine, and force upon the minority
a system which oppresses them,although it may
increase the wealth of that majority ? If there is
no such right, why make the Federal Government
a party to this dynastical struggle between the
two antagonistical systems of labor? And 1 may
ask what she can do in this controversy? What
right has she to interfere in a contest between the
slave-labor system of Mississippi and free labor
of Massachusetts? and why does Massachusetts
invoke her aid ? Has sho the power to emanci-
pate the slave? 1 answer, no ! Tim question of
what shall and what shall not be property is one
for the decision of sovereignty, and is one of the
powers reserved to the States, and does not apper-
tain to the Fedotal Government; and any dibit
by her to exercise it would be a positive usutpa-
tion of power which would absolve the Stares
from their allegiance;. The general welfare would
not authorize it.
Cut if, sir, by a usurpation of power this Gov-
ernment shall hereafter make heiself a party to
this supposed wtrugjrhs and m disregaid of the
rights of the States deprive their people of this
slave property, what would be its effects upon the
present and future of this great country and the
woiId? You would sinke' down three million
of laboiers now engaged in ilie cultivation of the
soil, thereby reducing ihe produt tive wealth of
the nation not Its.-- than tuo billion dollar.-:, and
render idle three billion more of real estate and
agricultural implements. The sudden destru".
lion of this vast sum would produce a shock
from which tlit; monetary ailaus of the world
would not recover in the next live bundled yeats.
It is the products of the labor engaged in the cul-
tivation of the soil that adds peimanently to the
genoial wealth of a nation, and irrves prosperity
io her peojde. Now, rentier mopeiaUve and un-
productive this five billion of land and labor, the
leal piednctive wealth of the notion, and your
prosperity which now culm in.it rs at its "emth v ill
he turned hack to the hori/.on to linger ni feeble-
ness, and ultimately be overcast ill the darkntss
ol' anaicby. Thus leduee the annual products of
i his country, and the millions of money which it
has heretofoie attracted and now atUacts, lor 111-
\ «. Mmeiit, would seek oilier lauds and other chines
more (ongcnial to its wants.
Mi. Chairman, then; is now brought into this
eountiy, fiom the States of Euiopo, more than
ivvo bundled milium dollars annually to hr m-
v< sled in agncult.uial products; and this-vast sum
is an addition to the wealth of this nation; and is
that, sir, winch gives life ami activity to eom-
meree, and diffuses a wide-spread prosperity
which enfeis into all the pursuits ol our people,
and lsenjoyid by tin industrious and energetic
alike. Destroy, then, ami lender idle this vaf-t
amount of pioperty, and tins bum will cease to
come here; will iiod other maits for investment;
and where now flows a L'iKieii s:n am of nehrs v. ill
be seen stagnation and pou rtv. 1 will not, to-
day, undertake a i e\ ie w of the eommei ctal (oi.~
diuon of the world up to the p-nmd of the intro-
duction of slave labor into tins toun'iy, } id tee
production of cotton by it. it is suificjcnt i'««r
my purp' so to say, that inuus'ay, the m< chan;-*
arts, commerce, ci\il and rebgioas liberty, hn\e
advanetd with a lapnlity which starih s ihe con-
templation; destroy it, and the reaction will cqm I
the advance, and the dark ages will be restored.
The operatives in the free States, who depend
upon their daily labor to procure the means for
the support of their families, would be left with-
out employment, and would see their country re-
duced to a state of ruin which no imagination can
portray. If gentlemen imagine that tliis dark pic-
ture can be avoided by the introduction into the
ricc, cotton, and sugar regions of the South of free
white laborers, or by a reorganization of the Af-
rican emancipated labor, they are mistaken. The
African can only be made to labor as a slave, and
under compulsory power. The white man never
has performed, and never will perform, the labor
necessary to the successful development of tropical
regions. But suppose you could successfully re-
organize a system of labor suited to the cultivation
of rice, sugar, and cotton: it would require time,
during which,so deep would become the ruin of
this country, that it would require many gener-
ations before the shock could be recovered from.
Suppose the present annual products of slave labor
should be stopped for five years: your spindles,
which, as an item of national and individual wealth,
equal $1,000,000,000,000, would be forever de-
stroyed, and those now in their employ left with-
out bread, in the destruction of agriculture and
manufactures, commercial prosperity would be
involved; and then would set in a dark, long,
dark ni^ht, upon our common country.
Thus I have shown that, by the emancipation
of the slave, the accumulation of national wealth
which has so successfully progressed in this coun-
try would be arrested, and national bankruptcy
produced. In this condition of the country no one
is benefited, and especially the poor or the labor-
ers; because in national, not individual, wealth,
does the inteiest of the poor lie. National wealth
falls upon all classes, like the dews of heaven, alike;
while individual wealth is the cold, sordid, mi-
serly tyrant, that demands the letter of the bond,
although it exacts the last drop of blood.
1 have thus f ir, Mr. Chairman, considered this
question m its effects upon national prosperity. I
have not, and shall nor, to-day examine its imme-
diate operation upon individual interest, or the
section of the Union to which I belong. Enough,
jh times past, has been spoken and written on
that, subject, i leave the friends of this measure
to consult their own heat ts, and then alibi d the
answer. It will tell them that seas of blood, an
era of anarchy, a disorganization of society, and
a rending o( the O o vein men t, like the oak bv the
lightning bolt, must be the consequences.
Hut many tell me this is not the aim of the
struggle. Then, I ask, what is it ' Certainly no
great contest like thiscan eommenceand continue,
shaking a great country to Us foundation, having
no motive. The fraternal feeling of this numerous
and mighty people ought, nor to be causelessly
11 ven and rent. 11 is the < oufummation of wicked-
ness to excite in the minds of Hurt v million free-
men a ..titim mi^Micr than the winds of heaven,
ho no other put; >ose than to hear its wild wailing,
and io behold the grandeur and sublimity of us
temlic s\wvpings. And he who would do it de-
sei ves the maledictions ofeat ih and the vengeance
of heaven. 1 f tins is not tin- motive, then assert
n, that the quiet calm o( ciuuzaiion and religion
may be restored to the South, and the fiery bieuth
of fanatuum:i extinguished  n the North. Hut,
m:\ it, is untrue that this struma without mo-
tive; it may not be the same with all, hut it litis a
motive. "YVithsome it is. doubtless, ihe eman-
cipation of the slave. With others it i« the de-
duction of the equilibrium in the political power
of the two sections of the Uiuon, and the concen-
tiuuon m the hands of the free States the bal-
am e, to be used in inllictmg upon the slave States,
by h'gislaiive aid, a system too oppressive to be
cnduied; a system alike opt/U upon every
branch of industrial labor; a system which must
place at least the agricultural industry of this
country at the meicy of overv other pursuit m
which civilized man is engaged—the chief nv'ua-
me of which system is the tariff, falsely denom-
mau d prop ction of Ar icnean labor, but truly tue
iVterer ofimh\idua! capital.
Air. Chan man, I shall not to-day, m the con-
sumrmion of this suhjec, enter into d'Mdaed
show by statistics the true efl'-cts m'u puaectne
tariff upon the industry of t lie pen pie of t h coun-
try. 1 shall content myself with a general view
of it. It is a system of bonuses; and that bonus
inures to the capitalist, and not the laborer—
augments individual wealth and does not reward
individual toil. It proposes to keep down the
i competition of European capital, not European
' labor. The true interest of labor is to increase
the competition of capital, so as thereby to in-
crease the profits of labor. A protective tariff
has not this effect. The assertion that it does is
merely plausible, not real. It is not so much the
price of labor which gives individual prosperity,
as it is the cheapness of consumption. High
wages is always consumed by high consumption;
and to render consumption cheap, we should have
the whole world for a market.
You impose, sir, a duty of fifty per cent, upon
an article imported into this country from a for-
eign State. This sum must be paid by the con-
sumer, and that consumer is the laborer, as well
as any one else. Who, then,gets the advantage
of this fifty per cent.? It is the capitalist engaged
in the production of that particular article, and
the consumption of that article costs the capitalist
less by fifty per cent, than it costs others. This
assertion requires explanation; it is easily afforded.
A invests $100,000 in an establishment for tilt-
manufacture of cotton goods; he employs labor-
|i eis—does not own them; he pays wages. The
ji labor thus employed costs #100,000, and it pro-
j| duces §100,000 of fabric. The laborer has been
j paid. Now, by the aid of the tariff, the capitalist is
I enabled to add fifty per cent, to this #100,000 offab-
: ric, making its consumable value $150,000. Now.
' who gets the benefit of the £50,000 thus added.'
Not the laborer; his wages are not increased; he
has received his wages before this addition is made
jj It is the capitalist. Who is injured ? The laborer:
because he must consume, and consume a portion
of this very fabric, and is compelled to pay this
fifty per cent, without any increase in the utility
of the article since it came from his hands; be-
i cause this fifty per cent, does not increase the ntil-
! ity of the article, but only its consumable value
'| J>ut suppose you tell me that the capitalist,by
i having the power to add this fifty per cent., is
j enabled thereby to increase the wages of the la-
j horei: still the increase in the consumable value
!' is far greater than in the wages, and the laborer
;! is injuied. The capitalist himself is benefited m
'! another way; he consumes at the c^st of making
it the fabric, and not at its consumable price The
; aigument might hold e;ood jf, m every instance,
■j the laborer was also the capitalist; but even then
the law would be unjust, because it would enable
!■ the laborer m this particular branch of industry
;j to impose this burden offifty per cent, upon every
■ other branch of industry, and especially upon
t agriculture, which, from its very nature, cannot
!' procure from legislation similar aids. The true
value of every fabiic is the cobt of material and
price of labor, and that should be its consumable
value. But tin; ranif enables you to inei-oa^t-. jtg
i market value fifty per <*ent., which is a bin den
upon consumption, for individual benefit, and, to
! the extent of the duty impose.I, diminishes con-
d sumption, and thereby lessens the value of labor,
j The proposition that a t:.x imposed upon an
■' article of consumption increases its market price
| to that extent, will not, 1 apprehend, be denied.
,J if, then, the maiket pnee is increased, it will re-
,1 (pure a much larger amount of labor to obtain it;
which necessarily diminishes the consumption,
!; or increases the price of labor If if dim mi ~h( s
!! the consumption, it will prejudice th'^e < mia~<'d
i in that branch of labor, bee uise le^s i..bor will he
!! required to supply the dematid;and wh;.ne\ei de-
' mand is dt mini.sin d, of course lama mu->t cheapen,
. because of the competition pi odue< d by a sui plus
' number of hands. To illustiaie: the puce of eot-
■ ton fal trie has been inet eased fifty pa r cent, by the
! aid of a duty n iposed by the Government in its
fa voi; of coiiife. with tin- same amount of mom'y
i must purchase a third le^s, and «s the consump-
tion has hren dimini.-hed one fhisd, the demand
for 1 uior must bedimimi-.hod in a like propor.Mn;
.aid wit.-* competition is increased, and thiu> labor
' cli opined, and the whole benefit inures to the
1 capuahsr.
lint suppose you deny this posircn, and as-
sume that the price of labor w;i be mcnased,
s because the capitalists will be able to pay higher
.! rates: 1 will show the assumption to be founded
