1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
and Paulding—in the one case for coming short of
the mark, and in the other for overstepping ,\t—tell
me, if you please, just how Car either of them !
might have gone, and beyond what point' neither i
of them could have gone, without becoming ob- !
noxious to the censure of his Government? |
The real gist of the instructions—the chief ob- '
ject to be attained—the main point aimed at in ail |
these proceedings—the grand puipose to be ac-
complished—in short, the very thing to be done j
—was the arrest of Walker and his command, ;
and to prevent the carrying on of his unlawful
expedition against a friendly Power. That is the ]
very point at which Paulding, as a plain, honest, !
practical, and patriotic man, wouid be hkoly to j
look—the object he wouid aim to accomplish, i
The time, the place, and the manner of his doing :
it, must be left to the control of circumstances
and his own judgment. He accomplished the very :
thing he was ordered to do. lie arrested Walker
and his command. He prevented the further car- '■
rying on of his expedition. He relieved a friendly ;
nation from a " dreaded invasion," and saved it
from rapine and blood. Ho vindicated the honor ,
and the good name and faith of his own Govern- 1
ment. He did it quietly, peaceably, and without '
harm to anyone. He violated no right of the 1
neutral Government. He did the very thing
which his Government had ordered him*to do. ,
He did it, not only in the best possible manner, ;
but he did it in the only practicable manner pos- {j
gible for him to do it. And now, the only pre- t|
tended ground of complaint which can be raised [
against him, in doing what he did, and as he did ;|
—in preventing a gteat wiong and doing no one j
any violence or harm, is, that he did not do it just j
exactly in the right place; that he was not in- ;■
structed to arrest the expedition just at that par- i
ticular point; that, although he might rightfully i
have arrested it in the boy, he was not authorized, 1
by the letter of his insu uctions, to arrest it on !
the beach, of San Juan ! '
Now, then, after you have condemned Chatard j
for permitting Walker to land on this uninhab- J
ited sandbar, and before you condemn Paulding >
for removing hiin from it, I ask you to show.me
how it happens that both of them were equally
in fault? One of them permitted the expedition
to make the landing, and the other stopped the ex-
pedition after it had landed; and both are btomed.
Now, wherein did Paulding exceed his instruc-
tions, if Chatard came short of them? Bear m
mind that the gist of their instructions was to
stop the expedition. Bear in mind that both of
them were equally within the jurisdiction of Nic-
aragua; so that you cannot rest the distinction
upon the ground that it was an invasion of a for-
eign jurisdiction in the one case, and that it would
not have been equally so in the other. Nor can
you rest the distinction upon the ground that the
one failed to do what he was instructed to do, and
that the other did what he was not instructed to
do; for both were instructed to do the same thing;
and that was, to arrest the expedition. The one
executed the order, and the other failed to exe-
cute it; and both alike are under censure! In
short, I have to say, that, if Chatard did wrong,
and is open to censure for not preventing Walker
from landing, then Paulding did right, and is not
open to censure, in removing him from the land-
ing and arresting his expedition. I have to say,
further, that the ac of preventing Walker and
his command from landing would have been just
as much an aggression upon the terntoual rights
of Nicaragua as the act of removing him, or rather
of ordering him to surrender, after he had landed.
And I will further add, that it was no more an
act of war, or tending to lead to war, in the one
case, than it would have been m the other.
Mr. President, 1 think Commander Chatard
states good and ample reason for his course of ac-
tion in sufTeiing Walker and Ins men to laud; but
I am not called upon to defend, or to pronounce
judgment upon, his action, on the present occa-
sion. If be shall ever be put upon his defense, I
have little doubt he will be able to make it good.
But, if blame is to be attached to either of "these
officers, I have only to say it certainly should not
attach to Commodore Paulding. He, at least,ac-
complished the main object of his mission, rhe
chief and professed object of his instructions, m
that he effectually prevented the further carrying
on of Y^alker's predatory expedition. And in
doing so, he violated no territorial rights of Nic- i
aragua, she herself beingjudge. He entered with-
in her territorial jurisdiction with no hostile in-
tent. His purposes were all peaceful. and to do
what of all things she most desired to nave done,
and what she had besought this Government to
do—and that was, the suppression of an unlaw-
ful expedition; the removal from her borders of
an invading and lawless foe which had escaped
from our own shores; and to save her soil and
her citizens from the devastations of war and ra-
pine. Was that an unlawful infringement of her
territorial rights ? Does she so view it? So far
from it, sir,,that she rejoices in peace and safety
to-day on account of it, and salutes us with her
approval and her thanksgiving.
Mr. President, the plain, practical, and com-
mon-sense import of his instructions, if they mean
anything at all,authorized Commodore Paulding
to arrest Walker and his expedition wherever he
could do it without violation of law or the rights
of other parties; to arrest him upon the high seas,
within the waters of San Juan, or upon the soil
of -Nicaragua, she herself assenting to the act.
He executed that mandate and put a stop to the ex- ;
pedttion, doing no violence, or wrong, or injury, :
to any other Power or to any other persons. He
executed it upon the soil of Nicaragua with her
assent and approval, and at her request. I repeat, '
therefore, that, in doing so, he did not exceed his
instructions, according to any fair and reasonable
interpretation of them.
Sir, I am not willing that our own Government
should be presented before the world in the sin-
gular and hunnliatingattitude of condemning the
acts and disparaging the fame of its own official
agents, charged with important and responsible
trusts, for the imputed error of having exceeded
their'instructions in entering upon the soil of a
foreign territory in the execution of that trust,
when that foreign Government itself, voluntarily
and with haste, comes forwaid to assure us of its
i-anction and approval of the act. If the only
Government, if tiie only party on earth which
would have any right to complain of it, com-
mends and ratifies the act, why, in' the name
of all propriety and self-respect, should we he
finding fault with it, especially when the peace of
that foreign Government, and the honor and in-
tegrity of our own Government, have been pre-
served by it? It seems to me it would be much
more becoming m us to trouble ourselves a little
less about the entry of Paulding upon foreign ter-
ritory for a humane and laudable purpose, and to :
concern ourselves a little more about the hostile
nvasion of that territory by Walker, for the pur-
pose of war and revolution. Sir, I would no more
condemn the action of Commodore Paulding in
this case, instructed or uninstructcd, than 1 would ;
condemn, as an unbidden and unwelcome tres-
passer upon your freehold, the man who, seeing
the incendiary or the assassin about to fire your
dwelling or strike a dagger to your heart, should
enter your close, and, rushing to your rcscue,
should theicby prevent the consummation of the
intended crime. In either cpsc, the motive of the
entry and the humanity of the act overcome arid
wipe awdy all idea of even a technical trespass, ]
and sanction a^d sanctify the deed. The emer- J
gency of the occasion justifies and demands the 1
entry; and I confess that I should hardly have j
expected to find «viy man, bo he lawyer, ju^g**, or !
legislator, or any other sensible and unprejudiced '
man, who would raise the question of itslegality,
much less of its justice and humanity; or who j
would stop to inquire whether or not it wasdon^ !
in pursuance of the authoiity and the strict letter ,
of instructions. ;
Mr. President,a bold offender and f;i'_nt:ve from ;
justice was apprehended; an unlawful expedition
was bioken up; Nicaragua was rescued from hos-
tile invasion and bloodshed; tli«' honor and good !
name and faith of the United Stan s have been :
saved; no party, except the criminals themselves, '
utters any complaint; justice and humanity alike \
icjoice. The very thing has been done, and well j
done, which our executive government professed J
an earnest desire to have done. The very thing j
Ins been done, and well done, which thoy ordered !
vesse.s of war to the coast of Central America for j
the purpose of doing. The very thing has been ■
done, and well done, which they msti ucted the
naval officers m command on the coast to be vi- ;
gilant m doing, and to use all the legitimate means !
in their power to do. And now that it has been |
done,and so well and so effectually done, it seemsj
very strangely, indeed, to have" caused, nQ^liUle
surprise and disappointment in certain' qu&r?
ters, and it is charged as a st grave erroj.*" in yoib""
modore Paulding, that, in doing this, he " ex-
ceeded his instructions!" Is this quite just? /1$
it reasonable? Is it consistent? Ay, sir, is it
•hones.t or honorable? I am free to say itis neither
When a notorious criminal has been arretted,and
the repetition of a great crime prevented, and that,
too, by order of the Government, it is "assuming
the province of the pettifogger, rather than of the
statesman or the legislator, to be raising technical
quibbles about the manner of doing it, and to be
interposing pleas in abatement to the legality of
the service.
I remark, again, that neither the message of
the President nor the report of your committee
makes the mere fact, alone, that the arrest was
made on the soil of Nicaragua, the sole or chier
ground of complaint; for they^ay "she sustained
no injury by the act of Commodore Paulding;'
that it inured to her benefit; that it relieved her
from a dreaded invasion; that she would have no
right to complain, and would not complain of it
as a violation of her territory." But the specific
ground of complaint is, that in making the arrest
upon the soil of Nicaragua, he <s exceeded his in-
structions." I answer, that just so much might
have be&i said, and with just as much reason,
had the seizure been made at any other place out-
side of our own exclusive teiritorial jurisdiction,
or even within it, insomuch as the instructions
point out no particular place where the arrest
should or should not be made, or where it might
or might not legally be made. This is a virtual
admission, however, that the arrest could prop-
erly and legally be made within a foreign juris-
diction, and that if he had been specially author-
ized by the letter of his instructions to make the
arrest on the soil of Nicaragua, there would have
been no cause of complaint. To this I answer,
again, that his general instructions to prevent
Walker from carrying on his expedition, without
specifying when, or where, or in what precise
manner; that his general instructions to prevent
his landing on any part of the coast of Central
America, and thus to arrest the invasion, author-
ized Commodore Paulding to seize Him and to stop
his expedition, however and whenever and where
ever he could do it without violation of law or
right; and that he could dp it, and did do it, on
the soil of Nicaragua, without violating any law
or right; it being done at the icquest and with the
approval and for the benefit of Nicaragua. Hence,
I say, it was done without violating or " exceed-
ing his instructions." I say, moreover, it was
done clearly within the scope and the spirit, if
not within the letter, of his instructions. '
What the President is pleased to say about
i'obedience to law and conformity to instructions,"
is nil well enough, but would have been more ap-
propriate if it had been made applicable to the
case in hand. But, sir, the Executive Depart-
ments have no right to issue instructions to their
subordinates, so general and indefinite as that
nobody can fully comprehend their import, and
determine the exact extent and limitation of
the powers nnd duties they impose, and then com-
plain that they have not been strictly adhered to.
Taking the cnfos of Chatard and Paulding for an
example, it would seem to be utterly impossible
to avoid the charge of either going too far, or of
not going fai i nough, in carrying out these instruc-
tions. If the Executive Departments would not
seek occasion of complaint, let them make their
orders and instructions more definite; more ex-
plicit and precise; so that they can be fully and
easily understood; so that those to whom they are
directed, and who are to execute them, may know
just what is meant, and just what is required of
'them, i am hardly disposed, as yet, to adopt the
uncharitable suggestion that there was a sinister
purpose in making these oiders and insti uctions
indefinite and vague, and of equivocal import, so
that, while the Administration wouldjustify them-
selves to one portion of the public by an affected
zeal and determination, and by an apparent effort
to arrest and suppress these marauding filibuster-
ing enterprises, they could justify themselves to
the other portion of the public, in the event that
thesecnterprisesshnuld actually bemtercepted and
broken up, by shifting the responsibility from the
principal upon the agent, and by sheltering them-
