1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indian Depredations—Mr.
Giddings.
Ho. op Reps.
ence, have reported in favor of claims that had j
been rejected by the Committee of Claim? many
years since. Indeed, some of our committees i
appear unconscious that any rules of decision
ever weie established for adjudicating claims. I ,
ought, however, to say that, while Lewis Wil- !
Hams, of North Carolina, Elisha Whittlesey, of '
Ohio. Governor Chambers, of Kentucky, and !
David Russell, of New York, presided in that ;
Committee of Claims, all memorials asking in- !
demmty that came before them were subjected ;
to those rules of decision, and equal justice was -
dealt out to the various claimants, and none hud
cause to complain. So far as my own connection ;
with that committee is concerned, I will only s ly ;
that it was my endeavor, and, I believe, the in-
tention of the other members, to administer the 1
equity of the law of 1816 with an even hand to .ill
who presorted themselves before us.
The claims now under consideration were sub •
mitted to that committee in 1837. My predeces-
sor, Mr. Whittlesey, was chairman; and 1 may
be permitted to say, that no member ever be- ■
stowed greater labo! upon the eases before it, or
was moie careful m the collation of facts, or the
adoption of principles, than he was. And his
repoit against this claim comes to me with an
authority which con-pole mo to examine closely
the meiits of his decision, before I vote to over-
rule it; particularly us the adverse report was
obtained by taking: the case trom us appropriate
reference to the Committee of Claims, and send- 1
nig it to the Committee on Indian Allan's. 1 mean
no disiespect to the latter committee when I say
it has never been distinguished for inflexible ad-
herence to established rules mid piccedents. In- 1
deed, it could not ha\e attained that charactci
from the fact that it keeps no record of its de-
cisions.
Some days since, I osked the advocates of this. 1
bill to point out the distinction between this and ,
all other cases of loss by reason of Indian dep- ;
reflation.
l\if. S VIITT1, of Vnginia. I call the attentio). i
of the gentleman from Ohio to the,fact that Mr. j
Whittlesey's report was founded upon the 1
sumption that the Indians weiu m a state of war j
With the G<1 vpi I'liicnt. :
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will answer the gentle- ;
man. The advocates of this bill may take ilieir ■
choice, either to regard the Indians at that period
in n state of war or peace with the Govorirn mi,
and tinm I will show that the Government is not 1
responsible m either case. Is not that fairf Call '
it war or peace. For war I will give you the same
rule of action, th« same mea&uie of damages, and
justice that i will give——
Mr. SMITH, of Virgima. If the gentleman i
will allow me, I will me take a minute of his
time. What I wi^h to sntc is tins: the Itevolu- ■
tion was a state of war Tios chum, on the con- ,
trary, is not founded upon a stale of war; I make i
the distinction. 1
Mr. GIDDINGS. I shall meet that. It is one j
of the purposes for which I roje. _ j
I desire to deal out the same measure of justice i
to these applicants tli.it 1 would to o\\ others, j
This is a subject on whiUi statesmen can have no j
feeling. These people went to the frontier of!
Alabama for the purport <il improving tlieir for- ;
tunes. They voluntarily assumed the risk attend- :
ant upon frontier life, just as all pioneeis m past
times hove done. My colleague [Mr. Lfit La] has
argued this case with marked ability, lie spoke ;
of the sufferings of these people; but did he forget (
that, in 1812, almost in sight of his own dwelling, ;
the Indians on the " Black fork of the Molne- ;
can," in a time of profound peace between them ■
and the United States, suddenly rose and burned
the dwellings and destroyed the property of the |
whites, as they did m Alabama, and added to the ,
horror of these scenes by murdering the families
who owned the piopcrty ? But did the represent-
atives of these sufferers ever ask indemnity? No,
sir, never. They well understood the loss to be
their own, and not that of the people of New Eng-
land or of the South, nor of our own State.
Mr. LEITEEt. Had we a treaty of peace and
amity with those Indians?
Mi. GIDDINGS. We had.
Mi. LEITEU. Had w* an intercourse Jaw
similar in its piovisions to that now in forcer
Mr. GIDDINGS. We had an intercourse law
similar to that now in force.
Again: I call attention to the fact that, after the
surrender of General Hull, in 1812, the inhabit-
ants living on the peninsula north of Sandusky
bay were compelled to flee from their habita-
tions, even while their meals, in some instances,
were smoking upon their tables. They left their
dwellings, their property, their hogs and cattle,
and fled across the bay in their small water craft,
and escaped to the more densely populated coun-
try, in the rear of the small army of militia, who
hastened to the defense of the fiontier. 1 .saw the
smoke of their dwellings ascending in the clear
and quiet atmosphere of early September. They
fled from their homes, many of them shaking with
elnils, or burning with fever. I saw their suffer-
ing, 1 witnessed their misery; and when gentle-
men tell me of the suffering of the claimants now
before us, I point them to scenes in by-gone days,
when property was not only destroyed, but when
families were murdered. Some of those people
yet remain. They had no temedy for thou loss.
They never asked indemnity from Government,
foi they well knew that Government granted no
indemnity m such cases. Hut, sir, if we compen-
sate the ciaiman's now before us, ami tax: those suf-
lerers of i81;2 to pay those people of Alabama, I
will do what 1 can to induce our people to present
their claims, and to an unceasing prosecution of
them.
These seines occurred, as it were, in sight of
the r< sith-nee of my colleague, [Mr. Lkitf.u,]
who has mo earnestly advocated this indemnity to
the people o{ Alabama. But I know that he would
not i.i his heart aid in any capricious legislation;
and 1 call these facts to his reeolh ction, and de-
mand for these claimants the same measure of
justice that we deal out to tho^e who suffered m
Ohm. in Kentucky, end in Indiana. Give these
men the same indemnity we have given to all
others; no nr>re, no less.
Hut, sir, i will not stop here. In 1813, General
MeClure burned the Village of Niagara—peibnps
ll i) as.si1 ice been called by some other name—and in
) etui n the ih-iti.sh troops burned the city of Rufl-vlo.
In thewnuer, amid snow and storm, parents and
children were duven from their dwellings, which
were immediately wrapped in flames; their fur-
mime and tin ir all was consumed, while they
were enabled to escape by reason of the light
which shone from their flaming houses.
Tin1 sufferer* calh d on Congress for relief, but
they c died in vam. A commission was appointed
to aseert un the extent of loss, an in these ca.^es.
If I i 'coll «et aright, it amounted to between two
and three million dollars. They sent to this body
a Representative who they believed would be most
likely to obtain redress. The election turned on
this subject. Albert Tracy, an eminent, lawyei,
a man of experience arid of great influence, was
sent, here, and all his powers and learning and
influence were, brought to hear in favor of those
claims; but, Congress, as m 179-1, regarded then
loss as the fate of war, and they never received
one dollar. Ia.sk gentlemen who advocate this
bill, shall we change the rules established in 181(1,
and open up the Treasui y to all these claims winch
have slept for half a century ?
Such, too, was the fate of the people living at
Frenchtown and in the vicinity of Dm; mt. Then-
property was taken by the enemyand destroyt d,
but not adol'ar of indemnity was ever granted
to one of tiH'in.
In all these eases Confess adhered steadily and
firmly to the law of 181 li, and to tho rules adopted
by All. Monroe and his Cabinet foi construing
the law.
But it is said thaf soldiers, and Ind;nn>; acting
as soldiers, hilled the cattle of th ■ eettle^s m -\la-
bamafor food without the oidei of >iie command-
ing officer. If so, it was a trespass, fm which i.u h
mdn id-ltd wad liable; but such trespasses imposed
no obligation upon us, orupon the people of oilier
Stales.
Tins is no more than is usually practiced; where
ev r vi mmy iroc^, th" ,-nhb. r iieis <st perfu-t
ibej ty ft, mkt. f;nm the fieVr. o!' i'n 1, green
com, potatoes, peas, and \\,ha?"ver \ eatables he
can lay his hand upon to i -,>1 r los diec conifoit-
ahle, provided lie can d  k /.aihuut being detected
and punished. Indeed, th: officers usually v/mk
at such acts. I speak from experience. On the
peninsula to which I have referred, the people
left their cattle and their hogs. Our own troops
and the Indians lived upon this stock while scout-
ing upon that bloody ground. They did there
precisely as they did in Alabama.
Mr. CURTIS. 1 wish to make a point that f
think ought to be fairly discussed. It is tins: m
this instance, the claim is not placed upon tho
ground that the loss was done by a foraging party,
but that it was done under the order of tho quar-
termaster to take property for public uses.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Of course, all the property
in schedule A, reported by the commissioners,
amounting to some twenty-five thousand dollars,
taken by order of the commanding: officer, comes
within the equity of the law of 1816, and the rules
prescribed undei it, and has been paid for as stated
in my opening remarks. But the entire claims,
as they now stand before us, are for property
taken or destroyed by soldiers and Indians, either
friendly or hostile, without such order.
1 will gofmthei: the officer himself can give
no authority for taking provisions while he is fur-
nished with such rations as the law allows. If
the troops have the regular amount of beef and
bread, he has no authority to impress pork or po-
tatoes; nor can he take household furniture or
family pictures under any circumstances. He is
the agent of the people, and, while acting within
his authority, binds the Government; but when
ho oversteps Ins legal powers, he ceascs to bind
the Government. The rule is the same as in pri-
vate life, lie may, in such cases, make himself
a trespasser; but. his action imposes no obliga-
tion upon the people or Government. In the lan-
guage of the instructions which I have read, "no
claim e,an be admitted for any article winch has
not been taken by order of the commanding offi-
cer of the corps for whose use it has been taken.
IA>rany taking not so authorized, the party's re-
dress is against the person committing it."
Now, su, I wish to say that any bill or report
in regard to losses sustained by the action of our
troops, or by those of the enemy, that is not in
conformity with this law of 18l(>, and the rules
prescribed for its construction, is clearly against
the long tram of decisions of this body, to which
1 have referred, would render our legislation ca-
pricious, and open up the Treasury to all the vast
amount of claims which for more than seventy
years have been rejected.
Mr. WOODSON. Will the gentleman from
Ohio answer me one question ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. Certainly, sir.
Mr. WOODSON, i ask the gentleman if he is
willing to give these claimants all they could get
undeMhe up. of 1KH—the intercourse act?
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 was just coming to that,
and I will leave the question, so far as war is con-
cerned, at this very point. Indeed, I have not
time to pursue it further. Much has been said
in regard to those claims coming under the law of
1834, called the intercourse act. That law regu-
lates the intercourse between white people and In-
dians in time of peace, giving the Indians a rem-
edy against the whites whenever the whites injure
themj and giving the whites indemnity against the
Indians whenever they, in time of peace, commit
depredations upon the whites. This was the sub-
stance of the iirst intercourse law of 1802, and
continued such up to lti34, and certainly, in its
terms, was just and right.
But that these chums come within that law was
not suspected when the Legislature of Alabama
Rent their memorial here. They expressly state,
in tho memorial, that the depredations were com-
mitted fn ihiie of tvar, or words to that effect.
They are said on all hands to have been commit-
ted by lio-tile Indians, or by the unauthorized acts
of our own troops; and certainly the intercourse
law could have nothing to do with hostiies; nor
could our army, or its soldiers, while in service,
: be regarded Indians. It is certain that Gen-
eral Jackson regarded it a war; and acted upon
the subject as if it was a war, and characterized
it "a war" in his official communieauons. Mem-
: hers who have aigued in favor of these claims,
: have spoken of these hostilities as a. quasi war;
while some have also insisted that the claimants
are entitled to relief under the inteicourse law of
1834.
