694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
grasp at the dagger that is aimed at you? Would
that be any violation of your rights? Would I
not have a right to presume that, for the preserva-
tion of your life, you thanked me instead of com-
plaining afterwards of my action as an interfer-
ence in your affairs r Most certainly. Was not
that exactly the case here ? Did not Commodore
Paulding know of these circumstances ? Yes, sir,
from beginning to end, he knew them all. The
purposes of the men arrested were known and
avowed. They came to conquer; they came to
shed blood and to despoil and to make war upon
all who resisted their pretensions to supremacy
and government in that country. All this was
known. There is no other presumption that he
could have been allowed to draw from the circum-
stances, but that Nicaragua noj-only consented to,
but would thank him for, the act.
And, sir, this is further verified. Not only did
this natural consequence take place, not only was
it so, but Nicaragua afterwards in the most formal
and official manner, gave liim thanks for what he
did, thanked the American people, thanked the
American Government for it; and yet wc stand
here paltering—paltering upon a letter—debating
a nugatory question of international law entirely
superseded by the circumstances of the case; de-
claring our officer, who thus bravely did his duty,
and exercised nothing but our rights as a nation,
guilty of iC a grave error !"
Sir, I want a correct judgment of this Govern-
ment to go out; because I want that correct judg-
ment to have us future iniluence in all the great
transactions of this nation. The like or similar
cases may occur to-morrow, nextday,in all time
to come. I want the right law laid down, so that j
our officers may know what is their duty. The '
opinion of the President, expressed without a \
knowledge of all the circumstances, that it was
a "grave eiror," was pronounced before the
President knew or could have known of the sanc-
tion winch Nicaragua gave to this tiansaction,
after it was done; and so far as lelates to Com-
modore Paulding, the subsequent consent of Nic-
aragua to what lie did is just as effectual to legit-
imate his conduct, as if that consent had been
given in advance. It showed that Captain Pauld-
ing had not inferred incorrectly, when he sup-
posed that country did consent, for she told him
afterwards, in her heart, that she consented and
thanked him. And yet, sir, this opinion of the
Piesident, that Paulding committed a grave
error," is now sent out to all parts of the world,
in the orders to our cruisers everywhere. This
opinion, inferential to a great extent, is now left
for naval-officers to construe, and to limit and to
cripple up their couise of action abroad, by the yet |
unknown hiteipretation that is to be given to it. ^
The PrrsidentlhinksCaptain Pauldinghascom- j
muted a giave error. In what respect? Wheie? ;
How? Did hisenor consist in presuming the as-
sent of Njcaiagua? Was that an illogical infiT- ;
ence ? Or is it meant that, even with liie absent of ;
Nicaragua, Commodore Paulding could not have ;
landed his troops for such a purpose ? Does the |
error consist m that? Where is it? llow are our I
officers exactly and definitively to understand 1
what their course of duty is from the opinion of j
the President that " a grave erior" was commit- j
ted by Captaii* Paulding?
Sir, it is only in respect to, and in the reference
which this opinion of the President, interpreted, i
' one way or another, by the Secretary of the Navy,
may have really upon the cxcrcise of our national
rights and the pciformance of their proper duties
abroad, by our naval officers, that I desire that
some opinion shall be expressed which maybe :
matter of authority, and may be definite, and not 1
leave the office*s to take the responsibility of in- j
teipreting or guessing as to what their duty is. |
There was an error m the transaction, a grave one, j
says the President; but m what particular it con- j
sisted, where the error existed, in what place it !
commenced, by what act it commenced, by wlut ;
act it was consummated, is only matter of infer- ■
ence and deduction, it is not a proper ruh  by 1
which our officers abroad shall exercise i he i1 'his ■
of this nation; and it is not pu.por that a nure J
opinion of the Piesident, expussod under such 1
ciicumstances, with the case but half before him— 1
for he knew not of the subsequent approbation ot
Nicaragua when he expressed that opinion—
should be the rule of conduct to our naval men
all over the woiid.
I have considered the subject so far as it relates
to what 1 conceive are the important and material
bearings of it; they respect the rights of the na-
tion ; but now one word as to Captain Paulding. I
do not stand here as his eulogist. My personal
acquaintance with him is very slight. I speak
only the sentiment of one American citizen, in ex-
pressing my thanks to him for the bold and he-
roic manner in which he has performed his duty;
a duty that stands not only above all censure and
imputation of graveerror, out which entitles him,
in my opinion, to the thanks of all who regard
the peace of the world, and to all American citi-
zens who regard the proper execution of the laws
of their country. I give him mine, cheerfully
and cordially, sir.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone the
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the In-
dian appropriation bill. I have waited here all
day.
Mr DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Senator
from Vnginia will name some time when he will
consent that the discussion shall be continued on
this question until it shall be disposed of, or name
some time when it may be definitely acted on, I
shall have no objection to its being postponed, in
order to take uplus bill for the little time remain-
ing of to-day. My own judgment is, however,
that it would be better to continue this discussion, j
now that it is up, until we com*' to a determina- \
tion, which probably can be done to-morrow. It !
is now nearly three o'clock. There are some
other gentlemen who desire to speak on this ques-
tion. " 1 desne myself to submit a very few re-
marks upon this subject before it is disposed of.
► Mr. HUNTER. 'With regard to this matter, ;
it will be for the Senate to say when they will dis- •
pose of it* I apprehend there aic subjects before .
us which will consume all of the time that is left •
to us during the present session; and certain I
am, that unless we begin to dispose of the appro- !
priation bills, we shall find ourselves so inconve- j
meneed at the end of the session, that we cannot ^
give them the proper consideration. We have j
passed but two, and those two of the least import- j
ance—the Military Academy bill and the pension j
bill. Now, if the Senate will agree to take up j
this appropiiation bill, I will endeavor to dispose j
of it as soon *as possible. My object is to secure, j
if I can, precedence for the appropriation bills, i
and leave the othertime for the disposition ot these <
other question as the Senate may choose. _ We j
have the measure of the Senator from Louisiana,
[Mr. Si.ioell;] we have the resolution of theScn- i
ator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. IjIglf.r; ] we have '
this matter; and it will be for the Senate to de- \
termme amongst thein. All 1 ask now, is its de- '
cision in regard to taking up this appropriation j
bill. j
Mr. SEWARD. I hope the motion of the lion- ;
oiVvble Senator fiom Virginia will not prevail.
This is a very important subject, and 1 should be
eorry if U weie laid aside now, so that \vre should
lose the advantage of all that has been said upon
it to-day, so necessary to bringing us to a right
conclusion of the subject-matter,as we have prac-
tically lost as much of the advantage of what was
said at the last session upon it, with a view to
bring about the same general result. When the
honorable Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolit-
tli-:] introduced his resolution, 1 scarcely sympa-
thized with him in his views of the proposition
winch he advanced, which was, that a medal or
some other testimonial should be awarded to Cap-
nun Paulding. I thought Captain Paulding had
; ilesi i ved well of his country; that lie had estab-
! hshed his name m history; and that he would
have his icward without a legislative acknowl-
edgment, which would not change thechaiacter
of his act; and, far the same reason, I do not veiy
deeniy sympathize in the lesolution winch is in-
tioduefd now bv the honmable Senator from
V- i moiit, [Mr. Foot,] although I cordially agree
with him m tile sentiments which lie has ex-
prc^sed with so much ability and so much elo-
quence There is a practical question which I
want i" r. ach.
Mr. ii'OS i'ER. I am bound to ask the decis-
ion of r).e CiK.'r whether we can debate these
questions on a mere motion as to the priority of
busnus.s?
Mr. SEWARD. I am not going to debate iu
I should have closed my lemuiks by this time it
I had not bten interrupted by the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia. I was going to say there is
a practical question at the bottom of all this.
Commodore Paulding, a naval officer, in the ser-
vice of his country, under the instructions of the
Executive of the United States, has executed an
official act—arrested certain persons who had es-
caped from this country in the act of invading
Nicaragua. Nicaragua has assented to the trans-
action as it was committed by him; this Govern-
ment was already committed to it. The persons
who.were arrested, it is well known, are prose-
cuting Captain Paulding in the courts of the
country folr the violence which he committed,
practically, I think, under the instructions of the
President of the United States; and he stands be-
fore the courts answering in his personal and in-
dividual capacity for this transaction. I want to
reach a stage of this debate when I can offer a
joint resolution, which, I hope, will receive the
favorable action of Congress, authorizing the
President of the United States to intervene and
assume the defense of Captain Paulding in these
prosecutions. For that purpose, I hope this de-
bate may go on, so that we may reach that prac-
tical result.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the,chair.) The question befoie the Senate is
on postponing all the prior orders for the purpose
of taking un the Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. F ESSEN DEN. J desire to inquire whether
the postponement will necessarily, on this mo-
tion, bring un the Indian appropriation bill, or
whether we are then to have a contest between
that bill and something else?
Mr. HUNTER. I understand it does bring
that up. I move to postpone for that purpose.
! Mr. SL1DELL. I will state that I do not feel
j disposed, at tins late hour of the day, to go on
with the other bill, and I think it will be an econ-
omy of tune to take up the appropriation bill.
Mr. KFAVARD called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 3*2, nays 16; as follows:
YE Iri—.Me^rs. Allen. Bate*. Benjamin, Bigicr, Biown,
Che-nui. Clmarnau, J>avn, l)r>uijkw, Fitch, Fitzpatrick,
Gi een, Gwm, Hnnuoonri. lieu ton, Hunter, I verson, Jones,
M.illorj, Miunn, 1'olk, Ptuh. tteid, Usee, t*ebamim, Slulell,
Stuarr.'TiioiiHon cu New'Jtusey, Toombs-, Ward, Wright,
anil Vuieo—'32.
N.VS iS-IIosis. Biodoriek, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttle,
Duikee. Fe^omlen, Foot, Foster. Uaiian. Kennedy, King,
Seward, Simmons, Tnjtnbuli. Wade, and Wilson—16.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as m Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (fl. R. No. 664) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian deportment, ami for fulfilling treaty .
stipulations with the various tribes, for the year
ending June 30, 18GI), which was reported fiom
the Committee on Finance with several amend-
ments. The fust amendment of the committee
was, m section one, lines eight hundred and forty-
yeveu, eight hundred and foi ty-eiiihr, eight hun-
' dred and forty-nine, and eight hundred and fitty,
' to strike out the following words:
•£ F< i the expenses of colonizing Mipporhns, and Air-
m^lim!: agiicnltma! mi[<lenirn<> and Mock foi 1 tie Indians
in T"\u ..lad lot t!ie e Ui>li"=um^ni oi a icscive v/eot of
thu P« eo.s ru v'i\ *: 25 UJO ''
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance,
on consignation, offer an amendment instead of
that, which, by general consent, can be substi-
tuted for it. The amendment, as we now pro-
pose it, retains these words:
i '• Foi Hi*1 <>xnen-ve^nf coin.uzin<r.suppnitia«, and furnish-
j nis <i<:iicuHur.U implements and *tock. lor Uie Indians in
| And to add to the item the following words:
, Pion<lel, That no nan of the same shall be expended for
the tl.l.-tiiii ,'ut of the rc-rrvc \ve=t of the Pecos iivui.
| The first amendment suspended the estabhsh-
i ment of ihis third reserve, which has not been
! suiveyid—the reserve west of the Peco<? river—
I and n ab;o struck out the appropriation of 5*25.000.
! We found out nfrerwaids that this ^25,001) would
1 be necessary, in addition to the iouner appropri-
: anon, tor the support of the reserves already es-
! u>bli&hed. We therefore propose to leave the
! amount asked, and otier a piowso ihat no part pf
j a shall he applied to the establishment of this
! third leseive west of the Pecos* nvei. We do so
■ i because it is generally supposed that at the next
j session some scheme will be presented for remod-
q chug the system, or, perhaps, substituting soma
