1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
695
othersystem for that of the reservations, certainty
within the States. That being the ease, as no es-
tablishment has been made on that reserve, we
have thought it best to provide that no part of
this money shall be spent on it, taking until next
session to consider how far we shall continue this
policy.
Mr. HOUSTON. I must confess that I can-
not see the reason of this change, and why the
colonization of the Indians on the western reser-
vation should be suspended by the present Con-
gress. It is very important, so long as there is
intercommunication between the Pacific and the
Atlantic, by way of San Antonio, El Paso, and
Arizona. By locating these Indians, you give
them an identity, a local habitation. If any ag-
gression whatever should be committed by them,
the whiteswill be enabled to pursue them to their
place of. retreat. It will identify them with the
transaction, and they will be exposed to that pun-
ishment which they will then justly deserve. If
you do not locate them in some particular place,
they will be migratory throughout that whole re-
gion, and they will necessarily depredate upon
the frontiers of Texas; there will be no safety in
the transportation of the mail, nor for emigrants
passing from Texas, or from the eastern portion
of the United States, to California. It is indis-
pensable that this western reservation should be
immediately established. We have' had clearly
demonstrated the advantages resulting from the
two reservations on the Brazos river. The In-
dians are there progressing in agricultural pur-
suits; ill adopting civilized manners and customs;
they are industrious; they have become attached
to the modes of life which they now pursue, m
preference to that to which they were heretofore
subject. They were uncertain in the acquisition
of the means of subsistence for their families on
former occasions. They were part of the year in
a state of starvation; but, by the adoption of this
colonizing or reserved system, they are brought
into bodies where they cultivate large fields of
corn, produce vegetables, and other conveniences,
and, at the leisure season, go and kill their wild
meat, and bring it in and place it away. When
the inclement season arrives, they have every
comfort and convenience around them; their
wives and children are sheltered. They are pro-
tected so long as they remain in their reserva-
tions, or when they go on hunting parties, when
men are sent with them for the purpose of con-
ducting them; and every benefit that could have
been anticipated has resulted from that system,
up to the present time.
We see the beneficial effects resulting in the
neighborhood of the existing reserves, and if an-
other reserve were placed west of them, it would
be a check on the Comanches who traverse the
region between the extreme frontiers of our set-
tlements and El Paso. The very moment you
suspend this project, the Indians who have been
already apprised of the design of the Govern-
ment to establish ail additional reserve, will im-
pute it to disinclination on the part of the Gov-
ernment to favor them, or to be friendly to them;
and it will subject our frontieis to aggression, to
injury, and to be broken up. E'*ery benefit re-
sults on the one hand, and every injury is to be
anticipated on the other.
I hope tffat the measure will not be suspended.
It was adopted upon mature reflection, and is a
sound measure of policy. I believe it to be wise;
I believe it expedient; I believe that we shall not
be enabled to substitute any plan in lieu of it.
Whatever may be in anticipation, and by whom
I know not, for the puipose. of devising some
other plan, I am satisfied that this plan, if carried
out, will be the most efficient for the preservation
of peace, the most favorable to the civilization of
the Indians, and a measure of protection for our
frontier. We have been subject to great annoy-
ances and inconvemencies; we have been subject
to destructive acts of aggression on the part of
the Indians, by leaving them at loose ends, as
they have been heretotore, and without theirfeel-
ing that they were accountable to the Government
or the people of the United States for their acts,
or that they had any connection with them, or
any amicable relations toward them. liut when
they receive their presents from the agents of the
United States, and know that the receipt of the
presents and their continuance depend upon the
maintenance of peace, they will have regard to
the stipulations entered into with them; they will
regard it as a mattef of faith, that they should
protect our frontiers, rather than depredate on our
citizens. Our frontier settlements aMkvery sparse;
they are very far extended. If one party is at-
tacked, succor cannot be rallied to their immediate
support, and the consequence is, that conflagra-
tion and carnage mark the progress of these wild
Indians. s
D6mesticate them, sir; habituate them to resi-
dences; bring them in connection v^ith the United
States; place confidential men in the agencies;
and you having nothing to apprehend. There is
everything to hope from this policy. If you take
an opposite policy, it will cost the Government
millions. You may rally your whole Army of
the United States to the frontier of Texas, and it
will not do as much good, with an expenditure of
$5,000,000, as §25,000 will do distributed judi-
ciously amongst these tribes of Indians. Hence
it is, that I wish to see this policy carried out. It
was wise in its inception; I approved it when it
was suggested. I thought it wise. I could not
at that time have anticipated that a measure so
salutary as I believe it will be in its effects, would
be conceived, and 1 readily embraced it as a meas-
ure of wisdom and one giving security to a fron-
tier that has been harrassed, I might say, for an
age past.
I hope this amendment will not be agreed to. I
hope the honorable chairman of the Finance Com-
mittee will consider our condition and our neces-
sities, and look upon the reserve system as one
dictated by wise policy in relation to the Indians;
one that will staunch the effusion of blood that
has been flowing on our frontier almost since the
annexation of Texas to the United States. Before
that, for a mere trifle, we kept and maintained
peace and good order and amicable relations with
the Indians; but since then our frontier has been
deluged with blood; conflagrations have marked
it from the Red river to the R.io Grande; depre-
dating parties have come in upon us bccause our
relations are changed and a policy adopted differ-
ent from that which had been previously estab-
lished. This reserve system is an improvement,
I am ready to admit, upon that which Texas
formerly adopted in relation to these Indians, be-
cause she had not the mcafls-of establishing and
maintaining the relations that this gives between
the Indians and the whites; hence it is that I am
anxious to see it carried out; and I implore gen-
tlemen not to subject us to further exposure, and
to the disasteis that we have suffered so Ion?.
Mr. HUNTER. I think the Senator from
Texas misapprehends, in some degree, the inten-
tion of the Committee on Finance. We have not
diminished the appropriation a dollar; we have
not stricken at any reservation which is in actual
operation; we have onty proposed that any action
in regard to this third reservation, which has not
even been surveyed, shall be suspended Until the
next session. What conclusion the Indian de-
partment will then come to, or what conclusion
Congress will come to, we know not. if the
question comes up at all, it will come up then iu
regard to the reservation policy. We were in-
duced to proceed no further in t® establishment
of these reservations on account of what has been
ascertained by the agent who was sent out to in-
ves '^ate them. The special agent, Mr. Bailey,
who was sent out to look into these reservations,
writing, it is true, from the California reserva-
tions, but in terms which cover all of them, says:
"The whole subject i- embarrassing. It isvnvmuch
easier lo (kmolir-h exi.-lmL' systems than to establish new
on°s ; and t have hesitated in recommending tin; total aban-
donment ot that winch obtain*-, ehiellv because ot the dith-
euity ot devising a substitute. Caieful ." H"' lion ban served
rather to develop objections to existing or proposed sys-
tems than to surest one that shall be unexceptionable It
is witti extreme chtlidenee, ttieteioi'''. that I preseni l'ui youi
cunsideiatton the plan which ha.; occuned to inc.''
We do not go any further in regard to this sys-
tem than merely to suspend any steps towards
putting into operation a new icservation, one
which has never been established, which has not
been even surveyed. If the question comes up,
it will come up at the next session. 1 confess the
result of this examination of Mr. Bailey has been
such us to make me doubt very much the whole
policy of the reservation system, especially within
the States where the Indians may be said to be
under two jurisdictions, under the jurisdiction of
the State government and under that of the Uni-
ted States Government; a matter Wfiich suggests
grave considerations in regard to a conflict of
power that might ensue. But on that subject we
do not ask Congress now to determine anything.
We only seek to avoid any further embarrass-
ments, if it should be determined at the next ses-
sion to abandon this policy. I think it probable
that some new policy will be recommended,-or
■perhaps some modification of the old policy, at
the next session. We therefore do not strike at
it, for we have left all the money that is asked.
Mr. HOUSTON. I apprehend there can fee no
new policy adopted that will supply the place of
the present system. It was adopted upon mature
reflection. Thus far it has worked very well. We
now stand pledged to the Indians to maintain and
pursue this policy,unless we can point out to them
some radical defect in it, and show them that an
improvement can be made upon it. If we do.not,
we shallhave violated our word with them. We.
have, through our agents, made promises time and
and again to the Indians, and they have relied
upon them. You may tell the Indian anything
if you wish to maintain amicable relations with
him; and so long as you redeem the pledges you
have given him, so long will he confide in you;
but show him a watering policy, or exercise to-
wards him anything evasive or uncandid, and
that very moment you destroy his confidence and
render him an enemy.
I admit, as to their numbers, thatif these Indians
could bo concentrated they would be contemptible
compared with the power of the United States;
but they are migratory; they are all over the
prairies; they are everywhere. If you can con-
gregate them at any particular point, and can at-
tach theirf to that, and showthem that the cer-
tainty of subsistence is greater there than it is in
their wild, wandering habits, you attach the In-
dians to that spot; and if you redeem your prom-
ises in regard to it, that spot becomes endeared
to them; pleasant associations grow up; they see
the comforts of their families increase; they see
them multiply; they realize blessings that they
did not before enjoy; and the consequence is, that
you make a decided impression on them in favor
of civilization, and they will strive for improve-
ment. If, however, you establish one system
with the Indian, and very soon change it, he can
rely with no degree of certainty on any calcula-
tion ho lias made, and he believes it is a promisa
to suit the convenience of the white men, and that"
so soon as it suits their further convenience or
inclination, the Indian is to become the victim of
perfidy.
Now, if this reserve be not established, what
will be the consequence? Within thff last-few
months,depredations have'■ uncommitted there;
passengers have been killei • arties have been de-
stroyed upon this very identical route where the
Indians are who will be embraced in the western
reserve. They will be there congregated; they
will be subsisted; care will be taken of them, and.
they will make the return of grateful fidelity for
the care extended to them. But withdraw now a
promise of aid to them which has been made by
our agents, and fearful retribution will follow. In-
telligence passes among them like the breeze in
the forest; it is everywhere buzzed, and it is aston-
ishing with what celerity intelligence will pass
amongst these Indians from one tribe to another;
they reason and discuss the subject; their minds
will become settled upon it; their hearts will be
fixed upon it. They have few objects to attract
them. They are not, like the white man, amused
by a thousand means that result from education
and intelligence. Their objects are all of a ma-
terial character; their pleasures are material; they
pertain to the animal; and so long as you foster
these, so long the Indian is your friend. With-
draw these, and he is the wild man of the forest;
he is to pursue war as his natural employment.
Hence it is, that I wish these Indians gathered
together on the western reserve; I wish them with-
drawn from the mail route to California, and the
l-onto for emigrants. I wish the emigrants to be
protected; I wish the mail service to be protected;
I wish no hazards to result; and a few misfortunes
of this character, when the Government of the
United States comes to reimburse them, will either
absorb the annuities granted by the Government,
thus amounting to a declaration of war, or it will
incite the Indians to instant war, and to depredate
upo:i our frontier; for the Indian is as much at
