696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 81,
home in one place in the forest as another. He
considers distance only for the comforts that com-
mend it. Let him find that the comforts which
he commands at one point he can command at all,
subsisting by the hunter's life, and he would as
soon start from El Faso and go to our frontiers,
if he had to wreak vengeance for an injury done,
or for a falsehood told, as he would go twenty
miles. Time, with him, is nothing; distance is
nothing; home is everywhere wheie the gcirae is
m the forest,
I ask the gentleman to consider that these In-
dians, in expectation of the establishment of tins
reserve, will look with confidence to what they
have been promised; but the moment that promise
is withdrawn or falsified, they will believe it was
done through artifice, with a design to deceive
them and to practice upon their credulity; and
by suspending the establishment of that promised
reserve, you provoke war, and you will inevita-
bly incur it. It is said, that at the next session
of Congress new plans may be devised. Sir, no
plan so good as this can be devised. I do not know
who is entitled to the credit of it, but whoever he
may be, I cheerfully accord to him all that is due
for excellent wisdom and understanding of the
Indian character. It is the very thing that will
give us peace; it is the very thing that will reclaim
the red man and make him a man of peace. You
must place them in communities; you must show
them that the arts of peace and agriculture ate
the arts that insure to them personal comfort and
happiness; that they keep their families around
them; that they protect them from the casualties
of war, and avoid conflicts with the surrounding
tribes. Thus you attach the Indian to this course
of life. Abandon this policy, either at rhis or the
next-session, and you jeopard the lives of our
people; adhere to it, and you will ultimately suc-
ceed m building up and establishing a system that
will civilize the red man, and give peuee and se-
curity to die frontiers. Without it, we .shall have
none—none, sir, none.
Mr. WARD. My honorable colleague has
very clearly shown the true condition of the hos-
tile Indians on our frontier, and tin* great neces-
sity for maintaining these reseivaiions as a means
of defense. Then; are several objects to be at-
tained by them. In the first place, we take the
number whom we thus colonize, from the enemy,
and make friends of them. They, as a matter of
course, are alienated from the hostile Indians, and
answer our purposes as "valuable allies, as spies
and escorts through the Indian country. The
cxpenments which have been thus for made has
proved to us that the Indians are capable of being
civilized. *They have made advancements in ag-
riculture, during the short period that we have
had them colomxecl. They have raised some corn
during the past year, perhaps enough for them;
at least as much as the whites in the frontier
counties m the region of the drought (hat has pre-
vailed there during the past two or three years,
m pioportion to their opportunities. Texas has
Ret apart five league:? of land for thepiuposr of
eolomzmg the Pecos Indians alluded to by the
honorable chairman of the Commutee on Finance.
The Government aeccpted that appropriation,and
thereby impliedly bound herself to use it for this
purpose. Theindians so understand if,and like-
wise the whites who are settled in that immediate
region of country, if this system be abandoned,
no one knows what the consequences may be.
Two oveiland mail loutes pass through the coun-
try of those Indians; and if they are collected as
purposed, in this reservation, under the Miper-
vifcuon of an Indian agent, they will render ein-
e.noif piotectmn to the Government trams, and to
the emigrants through and to that country, and
thereby save the expense of escorts, which'would
otherwise be required.
Independently of this, Mr. President, if you
abandon this system, you must necessarily in-
crease the force on our frontier for protection. It
is well known that tins force has been deficient
from the commencement; and inconsequence of
that we resorted to this system to aid and assist
in rhn protection we have heretofore received, and
which has b^en inadequate. My understanding
is, that, the Indian agent recommended an appro-
puation of $tf0,000 to sustain the reservations al-
ready established, and for the establishment of
the Pecos reserve. The Department,T believe,
thought proper, by way of economy, to cut that
down one half. The committee here reports a
little more, only, than one half of that amount.
Now, Mr. President, if we are to observe this
system at alb if the reservations already estab-
lished are to be sustained, in my judgment it will
require more means than is proposed to be pro-
vided, outside of the establishment of the Pecos
reservation. Then we must pursue one of two
plans: we must either carry out the system which
lias been commenced, at least give it a fair trial,
or we must abandon it at once and turn the In-
dians loose upon the frontier, (which is very
poorly protected at present,) to commit depreda-
tions upon the settlements; and the consequence
will be, that we shall have to commence a war
of extermination against the whole tribe. One
course or the other is inevitable. I hope that
this view of the subject will be taken into con-
sideration, and that we shall have a sufficient
amount appropriated to sustain the reservations
now established, and also the Pecos as provided
for by the State and accepted by the Government,
that we may give the system full trial; and by
the next session we can enlarge it, or abolish it,
as may be deemed best.
Mr. GWIN. I wish to make a single remark
on tins subject. The authority that the Senator
from Virginia reads to us against the reservations,
I think, ought to be received with a great deal of
caution by the Senate. The gentleman who makes
that lepoit in legard to the reseives in Cali-
fornia, and upon which the Senator is proposing
to base our action, made an exceedingly short
visit to that country. His authority should not
have any effect on the Congress of the United
States. Unless that gentleman's recommenda-
tion for the abolition of the reservations be ac-
companied by a recommendation to provide a
substitute for them, 1 think great injury will re-
sult to the Government if it is adopted.
1 have gyeat confidence in the good faith and
the fidelity with which the Department of the In-
terior is acting in regard to the Indian system of
the United States. 1 think they intend to do the
very best they can. They want to dimmish the
expenditure for keeping up these reservations;
but I believe if they attempt to diminish the ex-
penditures without presenting another system by
which these Indians will be taken care of and
provided for, it will result in Indian wars and an
enormous cost to the Government. I believe that
the leservation system has not been sufficiently
tried to be tested. It has been expensive because
it has been a new system. It has been expensive
because it had been tried in new countries where
('very thing used is very expensive, where labor is
vei y expensive, especially that kind of labor which
is necessary to instruct the Indians in the art of
agriculture. 1 believe that the wholeof this move-
ment to abolish the reservation system will be
disastrous to the country, unless we have another
system presented to supply its place; and I now
enter my protest against any movement to abol-
ish it, unless we have another system presented
by which these Indians can be taken care of and
not turned loose to depredate, upon the country,
or to starve. It is much bettor to feed the Indians
than to tight thdfti. It is human nature, it is the
nature of all animals, that they will fight rather
than starve, if there was another system pre-
sented by winch these Indians could be taken
care of more economically to the Government,
and promising future benefits to the country, I
shuuid agree to it, because I know that the pres-
ent system is expensive for the reason that it has
been bur a short time in operation.
Look at the State of California. You do not
acknowledge title to one solitary acre in that
State for all the Indians within its limits. Many
years ago there were seventeen treaties made with
the Indians in California, all of which were re-
jected by the Senate; and they have not got one
loot of land that is recognized as thesis, outside
of the reservations, and they have no protec-
tion except there. The Indians there amount
to over fifty, sixty or seventy thousand; their
former home, the region where they obtained
their sustenance, is now inhabited by hundreds
of thousands of American citizens; the very means
of subsistence that tiiey have relied upon, have
been taken from them. The acorns and the
salmon and fish of the rivers there and all that
kind of food which has sustained life, but is of
a very low class, I confess—but these Indians
have been used to that, and nothing else—all have
been destroyed, that country being taken posses-
sion of by hundreds of thousands of American
citizens. It is right in the heart of the mineral
district. They have no home, they have no pro-
tection outside of these reservations, small as they
arc; and I see accounts, by the last mail, that the
people are rising and taking the Indians from the
rancheros,and sending them away to the Govern-
ment farms and reservations, with a notice that
if they come back they will put them all to death.
Now, sir, we are asked to withdraw all this
protection; to withdraw the means of supporting
these Indians at the reservations, which is the
only possible chance of keeping them there. You
should take into consideration the fact that, if you
change this system without presenting a new one,
you may bring on Indian wars; and whenever In-
dian depredations are committed upon the citizens
of a State, if the Government does not intervene
and prevent their committing depredations, the
State authorities call out volunteers and thus pre-
sent to us enormous debts for Indian wars. I
think that, for the present, this system of reserves
had better be tried until the next session of Con-
gress at least. I think the repoits that have come
before us are not of a sufficiently decisive charac-
ter to justify us m abandoning it, and then we
have nothing presented as a substitute.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from California
misapprehended this measure, if he will allow me
to say so. We do not propose to dismiss men,
or break up a single reservation. We only pro-
pose not to extend the system by the establish-
ment of a new reservation that has not been sur-
veyed. This amendment does not diminish the
appropriation a dollar. It does not touch a sin-
gle reservation that has been established; and, if
he will allow me, I can show him the reasons on
which it was thought best not to extend the sys-
tem further.
Mr. GWIN. I wish the Senator would state
them.
Mr. HUNTER. We have not proposed to
touch a single reservation that was already estab-
lished, not to dismiss a single Indian who was
upon one, not even to curtail the officers upon
them; but we have only proposed that we should
not extend the system further, until we can have
a further examination and report at the next ses-
sion of Congress in regard to the whole system.
Mr. GWIN. I will not go into the argument
of the question further than to say that to States
like my own, where you have no provision for
the Indians; where you have no treaties with
them; where they have no home except on these
reservations; where you have established the pol-
icy that they shall have no special country set
apart for them by treaties, it is a matter of very
great importance that, before you strike at the
reservation system, which, I think, is the only one
that is left for the protection of these ItUians and
preventing their extermination, you ought to have
another system presented. On that subject, not
having reference to this particular amendment
which pertains to the State of Texas, I merely
wish to say, that until a new system is presented,
it is a matter of great importance that we should
not strike at the one now in existence, and which,
up to the present time, has not been looked upon
as very successful, but I think time Dvill prove
that it will be successful. If not, we can then
devise some other system.
Mr. HUNTEIl. One word. I think Senators
have misunderstood the object ofthis amendment.
It is not proposed to abolish the leservation sys-
tem. No one would do that until something was
substituted for it: but inasmuch as the examina-
tion info this system has been such as to discour-
age its further prosecution, it was thought better
not to extend it until we could hear more from
the Department, which probably we shall do at
the next session of Congress. That view was
founded upon such evidence as this: the Depart-
ment sent out a special messenger to look into the
reservations, the California reservations particu-
larly, and here is what the agent, and a very in-
telligent agent, too, he seems to have been, says
in regard to it:
"It was measurably to reestablish tins condition of
tilings"'—
Speaking of the old Mexican mode of treating
the Indians—
as I conceive, that Mr. Beale devised the system of col-
