1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
85th Cong....2d Sess.
Federal Judiciary—Mr. Bliss.
Ho. of Reps.
for a lawful act under Federal authority, and the j
Federation has no right to insinuate such a dispo- •
sition. It is a wanton insult, as if a magistrate ,
should plant his cannon to command the dwel-
lings of the citizens, on pretense that they may
rise against him.
Besides, it is a clear usurpation of Federal au-
thority. The States have a right to execute their
criminal laws—have a right to put upon trial any
man accused of violating them. A person is ac-
cused of murder. He pleads that he is a United
States marshal, and the homicide was justifiably
or excusably committed in the discharge of his
duty. If he sustains his plea, he goes acquit. Bat
that is the fact to be found. The truth of the plea
is not to be presumed; any scoundrel might plead
it. But this section of the force act steps in and i
snatches the culprit from the custody of the State, 1
and impudently says that he shall not be tried at all. , i
A district or circuit judge, who has no more ju- j1
nsdiction of the crime than the Sultan, will decide, ''
in chambers, upon his guilt; and if he wills it, the j
murderer goes abroad, not acquit, but without r
power in the State to put him on trial. I look in ''
vain in the Constitution for such a surrender by ■,
the States of jurisdiction over crime. And if it ; ■
were surrendered, the fact of guilt or innocence !;
is not to be decided by any judge, but " the trial !
of all crimes, except in cases of impeachment, shall ;;
be by jury." (Article 3, section 2.) j1
My hostility to this habeas corpus power is not
lessened by its plain abuse on the part of Federal ;
judges. Ceitain occuriences in the southern dis- ,
trict of Ohio are alluded to in the message of Gov- j
crnor Chase, of January, 1858. I give an extract ;
that this House may see the judicial antics which [,
irresponsibility may cut: j,
"A disposition ha« been manifested, within the last few |
year*, bv some of the othcials ot the Fedeial Government, l
exercising their function within tiie limits of Ohio, to dis- j
regard the authonty, and to encioach upon the i i<ihti> of the ;
State, to an extent and m a manner which demands your |
notice.
" In February. 1S56, several colored petsons were seized
in Hamilton county asfugiuvc s'avea. One of the^e per-
sons, Margaret Garnet, m the frenzy of the moment, im-
pelled, as it seems, by the dread of seem? her childien
diagged, with herself,"back to fclaveiv, attempted to blay
theni on the spot, and actually succeeded in killing one.
For this act, she and her companions weie indicted by the
grand jury lor the crime ot murder, ami were taken into
custody upon a writ regularly issued from the court of com-
mon pleas.
" While thus imprisoned under the legal process of a
State couit, for the highest enme known to our code, a wiit
of habeas corpus was i^ucd by a judge of the district court
of the United States, requiring their pioduotion before him. j
The vvnt was obeyed by the siierilt, and, contiary to all ex-
pectations, and in dis-rt,gard, as i must think, ot pnnciple
ond authority, the pnsoners were taken from his custody by
oidei of the judge, and, without allowing any oppoitunity
fot the nitei position ot the State authorities, delivered over
to the mai-hal of the United States, by whom they were
immediately tian-uorfd beyond our limit*. The alleged
ground for this action and oider wa<, that the indicted par-
ties had been seized a-, fugitive slaves upon a Federal com-
mi^ionei'& warrant, heiore the indictment and arrest, and
that the right to their custody, thus acquned, was supciior
to that of the sheriff, undei the piocess of the State. This
doctrine must neces.saiilygivepiactieal impunity to muider
whenever the murderer may be seized by a Federal official
as a fugitive from seivice before ariest for the ciime under
State authority. Imputing no wrong intention to the judge,
I am constrained to add that hi« piooeedmg seems tome an
abuse, rather than an exercise, of judicial power.
" A similar ease occurred more recently m the county of
Champaign. Seveuil drputie.- of the Federal marshal, hav-
ing arrested eertam citizens of tin-j State for some alleged
offence anainst the fugitive slave act, a writ of habeas corpus
was issued by the piobate judge of thai county, lequning
the ane^ted parties to be brought before him for inquiry into
the ground** of detention. The sheuft of Clark countv,
wiiile attempting to execute this wtit, wn< a-saultwl by
t!)•;•>£ petty officials, and seriously injured, while his- deputy
was fired upon, though happily without effect. A warrant
was issued by a justice of the peace toi the appiehension
of the perpeuators ot these olfenses. Tln> wan ant wao
duly executed, and the prisoners committed to jail, under
the custody of the shenfl of Clark county. A writ ot habeas
corpus was then issued by the same district juage who had
inteiposed in the ca%e of Margaret Garner, requumg the
sheriff of Clark county to produce his prisoners befoie him
at the city ot Cincinnati. This writ was also obeyed, and
the pusoners were discharged from custody, by order of
the judge, on the ground that, being Federal officer-*, and
charged'with the execution of a Federal writ, they had a
light to overcome, by any necessary violence, all attempts
made under the proees- of a State court to detain them or
their pri«.nnpis,evcn for inquiry into the legality of the cus-
tody in which the^e prisoner* were held.
u This principle cannot be <ound. It subverts effectually
the sovcieisnty of the States. It asserts the right of any
district judge of the United States to arrest the execution
of State piocess, and to nullify the functions of State courts
and juries, whenever, m his opinion, a person charged with
crone under State authonty has acted, in the matter form-
ing tho basis of the charge, in puisuanc; of any Federal law
or wan.'uit. Xo act of Conine-*.-, in my iud::meut,sanctums
this principle. Such au act, indeed, would be clearly un-
con-hiutional, bec.iu; em plain violation ot the ex pi ess pro
vi-ion winch requires that tue trial ot all crimes shall be by
jury.
u it is deeply to be regretted that collisions of this kind
should occui. The authorities of Ohio have never failed m
due consideration for the constitutional rights of Federal
courts, nor will they thus fail. But thev cannot admit, with-
out dishonor, that State process is entitled to less respect
than Federal, nor can they ever eonepdo to Federal writs
oi Federal ofiicials a defeience which is not conceded to
those of the Stale.
"The true course is one of mutual rospect and mutual
defeiouce. Whenevei, in any inquiry upon habeas corpus,
by any court, Slate or Federal, it may be ascei rained that
the applicant foi the writ is detained undei valid process in
pinsuanee ot a constitutional law, he should be lemanded
at once to the custody from which he may have been taken
fui trial in due coui.-e. JVo investigation should take place
into the guilt or innocence of the party i hnrared, oi, what is
s-ub-.rtntially the same thing, whether the facts weio justi-
fied by the aiulionty under winch the applicant was acting
at the'tune Inqutnes of this character use for juries upuu
a u'gular tnal and in open court; not for a judge at cham-
beis. If made upon one side upon habeas corpus, they mu^t
aKo be made upon the other. If Federal courts are to pio-
tect Fedcial officials from prosecution by State courts for
alleged violation of Stale law*, State comts, in their turn,
must protect State officers from prosecution in Federal
couits, under similar cucumstances. Ilence, dangeious
conflicts? uiun anse, and imminent peril both to liberty and
union.
'• If such conflicts must come, to the extent of the power
vested in me I shall maintain the honor of the State and
suppoit the authonty of her courts. I piefer to hope that
thev may be averted by the abandonment, on tlx; part of the
Fedeial authorities, of the indefensible positions which they
have assumed."
These are by no means-the only eases in which
Federal judges have been guilty of abusing their
jurisdiction in habeas corpus, but siiiTn-e as a spe-
cimen. f do not claim these strange acts to be
within the statute. By no manner of means. But
they are within the practice of irresponsible
judges, under color of the statute, and furnish a
"strong reason for the repeal of any act that can
give color to any such unwarrantable proceed-
ings.
j As I at first stated, 1 have sent a bill to the Ju-
diciary Committee at this session to regulate the
empaneling of juries for the Federal courts in
Ohio. I have only a moment to consider the ne-
cessity of this or some similar measure, and, in-
| deed, it seems to me that an elaborate argument
upon it would be an moult to the intelligence or
purity of this House. Jurors represent 110 party;
they represent no class; they are not transient
residents;notadventurers; butbelongto the body
; of the people, and are usually selected from the
more substantial of the freeholders. The law
has always been very careful in the mode of selec-
' tion, so as to secure that absolute impartiality
' which is essential to the very idea of a juror. In
! Massachusetts, if not in all New England, juries
\ are drawn in the same manner, in both the Fed-
eral and State courts, and that is by lot from the
body of such of the freemen as are not rejected by
the towns foi cause.
| In Ohio, for the State courts, the trustees of each
township annually return to the county clerk the
; names of a certain number of qualified citizens,
' according to population, from which number all
i regular jurors are drawn by lot. The object of
; such mode is to insure popularity and impartial-
ity; and more effectually to secure the latter, we
have various provisions for striking juries, chang-
ing venue, &c. The selection of a prejudiced
jury is a substantial denial of the jury trial; ay,
and worse; it is poison for bread, a curse for a
blessing. And any mode of St lection that shall
endanger impartiality, that shall offer facilities to
take them from a party, to make them represent
a class rather than the body of the people, is a
fraud on the Constitution. An honest man. rather
than countenance such a fraud, would boldly deny
i altogether the jury trial. Of what value to the
citizen accused of crime is the constitutional guar-
, all tee, if the State select the jury ? Itis worse than
!; a mockery; and yet such is the fact in our Federal
!' courts.
'! The clerk and the marshal, the creatures ofGov-
ernment, one directly, and the other indirectly,
holding at the will of Government, by a rule of
court select the names from which jurors are
drawn, to decide upon the truth of Government
accusations ! And this power given the Govern-
ment to convict any one it wills, is called " con-
stitutional liberty," and such prosecutions " trial
by one's peers," " due process of law," &c.
Give us, if you please, the naked knout or bow-
string; but away with shams, and no longer pros-
titute the forms of liberty to the overthrow of its
substance 1
It is not my purpose to blame the court for the
rule referred to. The State method of selecting
jurors may be impracticable, without further le-
gislation. If not, the duty of the court, under the
law, is clear; and it seems to me that a rule re-
quiring the Federal clerk to request the clerks of
the several counties to draw for him, from I heir
regular jury box, the names from which the Fed-
eral panel is to be filled, would much more nearly
follow the present statute, requiring conformity
to the State method, than the rule adopted. But
the method I propose, requiring the sheriffs of the
several counties to return the names, is better than
either, as it insures both impartiality and a prob-
able selection of more competent men.
Mr. Chairman, I am a friend of this Union and
of its Government, and demand that it do its whole
duty within its jurisdiction. I would curtail no
just power. The States have yielded the power
to levy imposts. I would have them so levied as
least to oppress and most to encourage the busi-
ness and labor of the country. They have given
the power to make rules ana regulations respect-
ing the common territory; I would have them so
regulate it as to prevent the monopoly of the soil
and the oppression of the settler. They have
yielded the power to regulate commerce; 1 would
have them so regulate it as to protect not alone
from foreign aggressions, but protect it in its ave-
nues, in its depots, whether by frigate, by light-
house, by pier, or by snag-boat; and continue to
protect it, until its subjects shall be brought within
the exclusive jurisdiction of the States. So of all
powers: I would have them exercised in good
faith and for the common good, notwithstanding
Fedeial recklessness and Federal neglect almost
make us repent tV>  grants. But the powers reserved
we tmtsf keep. M >3t of all must we hold on to our
judicial power over citizens and corporations
within the States, over State criminal laws, and
the power to judge of the reservations of the Con-
stitution, where the liberty and property of the
citizen is unconstitutionally endangered by for-
eign tribunals.
True conservatism supports State sovereignty.
The Federation has primarily no citizens; we are
all citizens of the States. All our governmental
relations at home are with the State. Our ten
thousand personal and property relations are under
cognizance of the State. Engaged in the peace-
ful pursuits of industry, we regard Federal action,
as applied to persons, almost as that of a loi eign
Government; and only pray to be let alone. We
! look to the States alone for protection in person;
' for protection in property. The efficiency of that
protection depends upon the power of the State Des-
I troy that power, and you beat down the shield of
every man's rights. jrlence the contest for State
sovereignty is no idle strife between powers, but
! a conservation of power in the only sovereignty
! that can protect.
I I am also a friend of the Federal courts, though
: I regret the mode of their organization. For cer-
i tain Federal purposes we need them; for those
; purposes I would purify and preserve them. I
show not my friendship for the fallen by encour-
aging their prostitution; but, surrounding them
with restraints and motives, I bid them go and sin
no more. The people are becoming roused to the
i true nature and alarming encroachments of the
; Federation. They look upon the judiciary as the
right arm of those encroachments. They will
1 never yield their liberty; and if these thingscon-
! tmue without remedy, the Federal courts must fall.
I would save them by timely reform.
AWENDIX.
The following clear vindication of the inde-
pendence of the other departments of the Govern-
ment is given m General Jackson's veto message
of July 30, 1832:
" rfthe opinion of the Supreme Couit covered the whole
ground of tins act. it ou<*ht not to control tile coordinate
authorities of this Government. The Congress, the Execu-
tive. and ihe court mu&t each lor itveif be guided by us own
opinion o! the Constitution. Eueli public officer wtio takes
an oath to suppoit the Constitution, swears that he witl
suppoit it aa he understands it, and not as it is understood
