698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
erakmonths before the fact could be announced
to these Indians', who have been m expectation
of it now for a year past; and you will have noth-
ing to amuse them through the summer, but they
will If now that the promise of the Government to
establish this reservation has not been complied
with. They will be galling under the disappoint-
ment for an entire year. The conscquence will
be, that the Indians will *be turned loose upon
Texas. I do not want to protract the.debate.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty-
eight; noes not counted.
The next amendment of the Finance Commit-
tee was, to add to the first section of the bill the
following item:
For the eenernl incidental expenses of tlie Indian service
in the Territory of Utah, or s>o much thereof a< may be re-
quired for expenditure, duung the year undmjr the 30th of
June, l$oS, $a6,6D9 31: Provided, however, That no patt
of tin? -uni shall be paid mini the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs shall have first audited ami passed theseveial ac-
counts.
Mr. HUNTER. This is an estimate which
was presented last year, but not put in the bill on
account of the general distrust which accompa-
nied everything in regard to the Territory of
Utah This session, the Secretary of the Interior
did not recommend it at first in the printed esti-
mates, because ho said there seemed to be a de-
cision of Congress against it; but he sent a letter
to the committee,saymg that the money was due,
and there ought to be some piovision for it; and
they determined to insert this provision appiopri-
ating the money conditionally, to be paid after the
claims are settled here by the Department, and
not by the agents theie.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
Foi caimng into efieet the act of the 3d of iYImch,
making piovwon iot tin- civilization of 'lie Indian tube-,
in addition to the muu --peeitu'd in that act, 000.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance,
as they u-cic closing the hill, agreed to the amend-
ment under the impression that there was an es-
timate made for it. Finding, however, on con-
sultation with the Department, that there was no
estimate, and not only that, but that they had re-
fused to estimate for it, the committee instructed
me to move to strike it out. They took that form
for the purpose of giving Senators an opportu-
nity of trying the question m the Senate, if they
choose. We found, on consultation, that there
was a standing appropriation of $10,000 for civ-
ilizing and Oh riM ionizing the lndiana,asum which
was thought quite enough; and a Ktun which it
was evidently dangerous to increase. It is dis-
tributed among ministers of various sects, and
not disbursed by agents of the Department, hut
disbursed by them; and, although, owing to the
smallness of the sum. It has gone on verv well
heretofore, it might become a subject ol jealousy.
We all know how jealous thu AmeiiiMii people
are of any soit of connection between tins Gov-
ernment and the churches of the countiy; we
therefoi<i propose to smko out this item, for the
purpose of giving the Senate a chance to express
then sense m regard to it.
^The PRESIDING OEEICER, (Mr. Poster.)
The question before the Senate is on agreeing to
the amendment proposed by the committee, un-
less the Senator withdraws it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not understand the po-
sition of tiie gentleman. Is the motion to stuke
out ?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir; we move to strike
it out.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope it will not b,* done.
The PUB SIDING OFFICER. The question
before the vSen.uo is oti agreeing to the amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the proper way to
put it. I hope it will be votad down.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment of the committee was to
strike out the third section of the liil, pa fol-
lows*: !
tc^rr\ ./JnJ he it f•nlhcc aw-Jcd, That the aipou i?< 1
ha C'y apr>ri<pu'it<'d io; ; V ; im-m >A th<' ±M .arnica o! [Can j.
P i-- <:t\l lie- \ii.run - of ImuaTi -hail he paid m contoniijy [
to the ni-r provi-o ol the nr-t amendment io t'.i'i fouith ar- i
tie'e oi the £enaie awimlmeut to tne treat) with me Mi- i
umji; of.ch j j'ie. lb uointht iu1 -• P/.)j <.lcd,ho,-- I,
era. That no noiuoti of the money heiebv appropiiated !
snail he expended in any way ouierwisc than as provided I
for in this act." '
Mr. HUNTER. The explanation of this is a
little complicated. There was an original treaty
with the Miamies—the whole tribe. A portion of
the tribe came in, as the Committee on Finance
were satisfied upon examination, and obtained an
amendment to the treaty, what was called a sup-
plemental article, which provided that only cer-
tain persons who it turned out, happened to be a
portion of the tribe, should be paid uader it. Af-
terwards this fact appeared to the satisfaction of
the Senate, and upon a motion coming from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, they directed, by
law, that these annuities should be paid to the
whole tribe, a portion of them, I believe, being
west of the Mississippi, instead of only to apart;
and under that law the Miamies west of the Mis-
sissippi have been paid, together with these in In-
diana, some twenty-odd thousand dollars. Here
is an attempt in the bill to confine it to those who
were only a part of the tribe, not the whole of the
tribe, who obtained that supplemental article that
turned out to be a fraud on the tribe, inasmuch as
it did not icpresent the whole. The House of
Representatives, as we presume, from a misun-
derstanding, inseiied this section requiring us to
be governed by that supplemental fourth article.
They have confined these payments to a part, in-""
stead of the whole, and therefore, we propose to
strike that out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I have a further amendment
to offer as a new ,section:
And hv it furthrr en>o led, That «n much of (he net entitled
"Ah aet to ululate tiade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes and to pn-.seive peace on the frontieis,^ appiovd
Juno U0, 1831, a3 provide, that the United £tatOh .-hail
make indemnification our of the Tiea^my tor piopertv
taken oi deployed ni certain ca^es, either by the Jmhan-s
oi by white men tro^pa-.Mn$ on tlie Indian^as described in
the t-aul act, ho and the ■-aine i-: hereby repealed : Provided^
koirecci, that nothing huieia contained bhall be so con-
tained a-, to impair ot de-trov the obligation of the Indians
to make indemnification out ot' the annuities pi escribed
in *.;nd act: *dvd ptondtd further, That th" I'lesident of the
I'm ted Stale* mav ai his diseietion indemnify the Jiuharis
out ot the Tiea-tny, foi lo^es, in cases where the bind act
n quired them to be paid oat of the Trensiuy.
In the intercourse law of 1831, which, as the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs has well said, is
now worn out, there were provisions made in two
different sections which this amendment touches.
The first was, that if a white man trespassed upon
a friendly Indian and he could not recover money
out of him, the United States would lennburse
iiim. Onthat head we propose, instead of giving
the friondly_ Indian recourse to the Treasury of
the United States, to leave it optional with the
President to say, whether in certain eases, lie will
reimbutse him, leaving hini, however, to hirem-
edy against the tn spasscr, whatevei it may bo.
Hut there is another section winch m the one wo
mainly d cm ire to stri ke a t, and thai is the one which
provides that when Indians from the Indian ter-
ritory shall commit a tiespass on the whirls, if it
cannot be paid for out of the annuities given to the
Indians, it shall be paid out of the Treasmy of
the United States. When this provision was ori-
ginally introduced, the Indian territory was com-
patatively small. Perhaps it may at one time have
served a useful put pose, i do not know how that
is; but <is it now operates, and since we have ex-
tended it to all that country acquired from Mex-
ico, to Oregon, to W ashing ton, and to all that vast
territory, it is sought to he used as a means of
insuring Indian traders and persons who are trav-
eling for their own purposes across the plains,
or gomg into those territories. In New Mexico,
anu on the routes to California, in Washington,
and in Oregon, it is likely that very large amounts
will be churned hereafter from the United States,
unless we put an end to it by repealing so much
of the Indian intercourse act as makers tiie United
States liable in such cases. We leave the man
injured, however, to his recourse to their annui-
ties, and only take away that guaiantee which
is sought to be applied now, not to the original
purpose for which it was created,-but to that of
insunng these nvn m the prosecution of their
trade or their travel
The Commissioner of Indian Affairs tells me
that there are claims to the extent of ^j ,500,000,
1 think, now before ins department under tiiib act.
Of course we do not pretend to ali'-ct the past.
Wc cannot affect any vented right. Our amend-
ment relates only to the future, inasmuch as it is
obvious that the "United States Treasury would be
almost insufficient to supply such demands as
could be raised if we were now to suffer patties
claiming the benefit of that act to come in upon its
equitioe as they claim to do. For instance, I un-
derstand there is a claim of this sort: A certain
man, who was traveling into California for pur-
poses of gain of his own, was foiccd to give up his
stock for fear the Indians would trespass on it;
and, he alleges, they would have died for the want
of food if they had not taken it: and he claims to
be reimbursed from the United States. There are
claimants of that character—traders who are in-
jured. Itiskuown that so far as that act was in-
tended to prevent them redressing themselves, it
is perfectly useless; and it seems to me obvious
that the sooner we repeal these sections, which
make the United States Treasury liable, the bet-
ter. I see no useful purpose, I see no justice in
making it liable for any such purposes as those
for which it is now sought to be used.
Mr. HALE, I wish to call the attention of the
chairman of the Committee on Finance to a sin-
gle provision which I think I heard read in the
amendment, and that was, giving the President a
discretionary power, in certain cases, to pay for
depredations committed by Indians, out of the.
Treasury.
Mr. HUNTER. There are two sections, as I
endeavored to explain. The first relates to tres-
passes on friendly Indians. It requires that the
trespasser shall be sued, and if they cannot re-
cover the amount out of inm, it is to be paid to
the fiiendly Indians outof the Treasury. As the
law now stands, if they do not get it out of the
man, the United States Treasury has to pay. We
sought to relieve the Treasury from that icspons-
ibihty, and substitute a provision that the Presi-
dent might, in his discretion, pay. Sometimes it
might be necessary in order to keep the peace.
Mr. HALF,. I shall vote for the amendment,
but I wished to call attention to it to ascertain
whether or not a clause giving the President dis-
cretionary power to pay a claim or not, as he
pleased, was not in conflict with that provision
of the Constitution which prevents any money
being drawn from the Treasury, unless by virtue
of an appropriation made by law.
Mr. HUNTER. It is just as it was before.
This is the law under which he would draw it.
, The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BELL. I offer the following amendment
as a separate section:
Jlnd be it further ennrtnl. That the fifth section of the
act c>Uihhslnnir the Department of the Interior, approved
Mai eh li, 18-19, he, and the ?,ime is heiebv, repealed; and
i';at the oll.ee ot Indian nrfan-* be rctrnn^feired to, and
nnde part ot', tlie Department of War. with all the books,
lecoid-. p.ipei-, and bu-nie-«, pertaining to Indian affans,
no v m po-^e-MOn of, or'pendin? betoi e, the Department of
! i) e in tenor; and the ^^eic troy of War --hall be, and he h
herein . reinvested with, and-hall eveiei-o. ail the fiiper-
vi-orv, appelate, and oilier powei-^and duties in relation
to Indian ailan^. which an- pic-cnbcd by the act entitled
••An net to piovide for the appointment of a Ooimm^ionei
of Imlu-ti Aff.uicj. and for other puipo^cs,"1 approved July
9, !«:*>.
Mr. WILSON. That is a very important prop-
osition. I think it will lead to form debate; and
1 therefore move that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. BRODEPJCK. I hope not.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall not adjourn
until we act on that amendment. m
Mr. WILSON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. FES.SENDEN". _ I renew it.
Mr. DELL. But f wish to state my reason for
offering the nmendmont.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. BELL. I have been a long time convinced
that we committed an error when we took the
bureau of Indian alfans fiom the War Depart-
ment, where it more appropriately belongs. I
believe now that the Secretary of the Interior is
satisfied that that would be the best disposition to
make of this branch of his Department. The late
Secretary of War was of opinion that it would he
very convenient, and possess many advantages
over the present disjointed and rather separate
control that the Department of the Interior and
the War Department have over different blanches
of the service. They actually come in conflict,
and mischievous conflict, frequently. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, I am authorized to say,
are of opinion that this transfer should be made.
I believe I have, hoard of no objection to it from
any quarter, within the last year, in fact, because
the retransfer has been thought of for some time
