7G
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
35th Cong....2d Sess. Protective and Free-Trade Tariffs Contrasted—Mr. Walton.
Ho. of Reps.
Ivy others. It is as much the duty of the House of Repre-
bt-ntaines. of the Senate, and oi tlie Pie^ident, to decide
upon the constitutionality of any biilonesoiution that may
b<! presented to them for 'passage or approval, a> it is ot the
Supreme Judges, vvin-n it may be btought before them for
judicial decision. The opinion of the .judges has no more
authority over Congress, than the opinion of Congress has
ov^-r the judge's; and, on that point, the President is inde-
pendent Of both. The authority ot the Supreme Court must
not, tlwrefore, be permuted to control the Congress or the
Executive, when acting in their legislative capacities ; but
to have only such influence as the force of their reasoning
may deserve."
In the celebrated case of Hunter vs. Martin, (4
Muoford, &e.,) the supreme court of Virginia, on
full argument, by elaborate and clear opinions,
unanimously repudiate the authority of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, under the twen-
ty-fifth section of the judiciary act, I can only
give the syllabus:
" 1. The court of appeals of Virginia will consider whether
a mandate issued by the Supreme Couit of the United
States, directing this court to enter a judgment reversing one
which it heretofore pronounccd, be authorized by the Con-
stitution or not; and, being of opinion that such mandate is
not so authorized, will (iisobey it.
It is the opinion of this court that so much of the twen-
ty-filth section of the act of Congre^, passed September24,
1789, entitled -An act to establish the judicial courts of the
United States,' as extends the appellate jurisdiction of the
Supieme Court of the United States to judgments pro-
nounced by a supreme court of a State, is not warranted by
the Constitution."
The opinions of Mr. Jefferson, after witness-
ing the insiduous encroachments of the Federal
Court, are well known. I give a few extracts
from his correspondence:
Extract from a letter to Judge Roane, dated Poplar Forest,
September 6, 1819.
" In denying the right they usurp of exclusively explain-
ing the Constitution, f go further than you do, if 1 under-
stand rightly your quotation from the Federalist, of an opin-
ion that' the judiciary is the last resort in relation to the
other departments ol the Government, but not in relation to
the rights of the parties to the compact under which the
judiciary is?derived.' If this opinion be sound, then, indeed,
is our Constitution a complete felo de se. For, intending
to establish thiee depaitments, coordinate and independent,
that they might check and balance one another, it has given,
according to this opinion, to one of them alone the right to
presenbe rules tor the government of the othets, and to that
one, too, which is unclected by, and independent of, the
nation." ****** * *
u The Constitution, on this hypothesis, is a mere thing
of wax, m the hands of the judiciary, which they may twist
and shape into any fonn they please. U should be remem-
bered; a«j nn axiom of eternal tiutli in politics, that what-
ever power in any Government is independent, is absolute
also; in theory only at first, while tiie spirit of the people
is up, but m practice a- last as that relaxes. Independence
can be trusted novvhei e but with the people in mass. They
are inherently independent of all but moral law. My con-
struction of the Constitution is very different from that you
quote. It is, that each department is truly independent of
the otheis, and has an equal right to decide for itself what
is the meaning of the Constitution m the cases submitted
to its action, and especially where it is to act ultimately and
without appeal. 1 will explain myself by example*, which,
having occurred while I was in office, are better known to
me, and the principles which govern them,5'
Extract from a letter to Mr. Jarvis, dated Monticello, Sep-
tember 28, 1820.
"You seem in pages 84 and 148, to consider the judges as
the ultimate arbiters of all constitutional questions—a very
dangerous doctuno indeed, and one which would place us
under the despotism of an oligarchy. Our judges are as
honest as other men, and not more so. They have, with
others, the same jKission^ for party, for power, and the priv-
ilege of their coips. There maxim is, ' bonijudicis est ani-
phui e junsdiUioncmS and their power the more danger-
ous as they aie in office for life, and not responsible, as the
othei functionaries are, to the elective control. The Con-
stitution lius erectcd no such single tribunal, knowing that,
to whatever hands confided, with the corruptions of time
and paity, its membeis would become despots, lthas more
wisely made ail the depai tments coequal and cosovereign
within themselves. If the Legislature farls to pass laws for
a census, for paying tiie judges and other offices of theGov-
ment, fur establishing a nuiitia, for naturalization, as pre-
scribed by the Constitution, or if tiiey fail to meet in Con-
gress, the judges cannot issue their mandamus to them; if
the President fails to supply the place of a judge, to appoint
other civil or military officers, to issue requisite commis-
sions, the judges cannot force linn. They can issue their
mandamus or disfringas to no executive or legislative offi-
cer, to enforce the fulfillment of their official duties, any
more than the Piesident or Legislature may issue orders to
the judges or their officers."
Extract from a letter to Thomas Ritchie, dated Monticello,
becember 25, 1820.
" The judiciary of the United States is the subfile coipp of
sappers aim mineis constantly working under ground to
undermine the 1'oundauons of our confederated fabuc.
They arc construing our Constitution fiom a coordination
of a geneial and special government to a general and su-
preme one alone,"
Extract from a letter to Archibald Thweat, dated Monticello,
January 19, 1821.
"The legislative and executive bianehe^ may sometimes
err, but elections and dependence will bring them to rights.
The judiciary branch is the instrument which, workinglike
gravity, without mtei mission, is to press us at last into one
consolidated mass. Against thi^ 1 know no one who equally
with Judge Roane himself possesses the power and the
courage to make resistance; and to him I look, and have
long looked,as our stiongest bulwark. If Congiess fails to
shield the States from dangers so palpable and so imminent,
the States must shield themselves, and meet the invader
foot to foot. This is already half done by Colonel Taylor's
book, because a conviction that we are right accomplishes
half the difficulty of correcting wrong. This book is the
most effectual retraction of our Government to its original
principles which has ever yet been sent by Heaven to our
aid. Every State in the Union should give a copy to every
member they elect as a standing instruction, and ours should
set the example. Accept, with Mrs. Thweat, the assurance
of my affectionate and respectful attachment."
Extract from a letter to Mr. C. Hammond, dated Monticello,
.August 18, 1821.
" ft has long, however, been my opinion, and I have
never shrunk from its expression, (although I do not choose
to put it into a newspaper, nor, like a Priam m aimor, offer
myself its champion.) that the germ of dissolution of our
Federal Government is in the constitution of the Federal
judiciary—an irresponsible body, (for impeachment is
scarcely a scare-crow,) working like giavity by night and
by day, gaining a hule to-day and a little to-morrow and
advancing its noiseless step like a thief over the field of
juiisdiction, until all shall be usurped from the States, and
the.government of all be consolidated into one."
Extract from a letter to William T. Barry,dated Monticello,
July -2, 1822.
" We already see the power, installed for life, responsible
to no authority, (for nnpcachment i& not even a scare crow,)
advancing with a noiseless and steady pace to the great ob-
ject of consolidation. The foundations are already deeply
laid, by their decisions, for the annihilation of constitutional
State rights, and the removal of every check, every coun-
terpoise, to the mgulpiimg power of which themselves are
to make a sovereign part. If ever this vast country ia brought
under a single Government, it will be one of the most ex-
tensive corruption, indifferent and incapable of a wholesome
care over so wide a spread of surface. This will not be
borne, and you will have to choose between reformation
and revolution. II I know the spirit of this country, the
one or the other is inevitable. Belore the canker is become
inveterate, before its votsoin has reached so much of the
body politic as to get beyond control, a remedy should be
applied. Let the future appointments of judges be for foui or
six years, and renewable by the President and Senate. Tins
will bring their conduct, at regular periods, under revision
and piobation, and may keep them m equipoise between
the geneial and special Governments. We have eiredn
this point by copying England, where certainly it is a good
thing to have the judges independent of the King. But we
have omitted to copy their caution also, which makes a
judge removable on the address of both legislative Houses.
That there should be public functionaries independent of
the nation, whatever may be their demerit, is a solecism,
in a Republic, of the first oider of abburdity and inconsist-
ency."
Extract from a letter to Judge Johnson, dated Monticello,
March 4,1823.
" I cannot lay down my pen without recurring to one of
the subjects of my former letter, for, in tiuth, there is no
danger I apprehend so much as the consolidation of our
Government by the noiseless, and therefore unalarming, in-
strumentality of the Supreme Court. This is the form m
which Federalism now arrays itself, and consolidation is
the present principle of distinction between Republicans and
pseudo-Repuhheaus, but real Federalists."
The following extract from a letter to Judge
Johnson, dated Monticello, June 12, 1823, for-
cibly reminds of the dicta in the Dred Scott case,
and the object of that dicta:
" The practice of Judge Marshall, of traveling out of his
case to prescribe what the law would be in a moot case not
before the eouit, is very irregular and very censurable. I
recollect another instance, and the more particularly, per-
haps, because it in some measure bore on myself. Among
the midnight appointments of Mr. Adams were commis-
sions to some Federal justices of the peace for Alexandria.
These were signed and sealed by him, but not delivered. I
found them on the table of the Department of State, on my
entrance into office, and I forbade their delivery. Marbury,
named in one of them, applied to the Supreme Court for a
mandamus to the Secretary of State, (Mr. Madison,) to de-
liver the commission intended for him. The court determ-
ined at once that, being an original piocess, they had no
cognizance of it, and, therefore, the question before them
was ended. But the Chief Justice went on to lay down
what the law would be had they jurisdiction of the case, to
wit: that they should command the delivery. The object
was clearly to instiuct any other court, having the jurisdic-
tion, what they should do it Marbury should apply to them.
Besides the impropriety of this gratuitous interference,
could anything exceed the perveision of law! For if there
is any pimciple of law never yet contradicted, it is, that de-
hveiy is one of the essentials to the validity of a deed. Al-
though signed and sealed, yet as long <is it remains in the
I hand- of the party himself, it is in fieri onl>—it is not a
1 d''ed,and can be made so only by its dohvei v. In the hands
of a third person, it may be made an escroir. But what-
ever is m tiie executive offices is certainly deemed to be m
the hands of the President; and in tins case was actually
in my hands, because, when I ooutiteimanded them, there
was as vet no Secretary o. State Vot r!ii> c.i-e of Ma-buiy
arid Madison is continually cited by bench and bar, a> it it
were settled law, without any anunad\cr- ion on n  being
meiely an obiter dissertation of the Cbiet Justice."
Extract from a letter to Ed'vard Lvin<>Uon, E~,q., dated
Monticello, MarchS'i, 1825.
" I have attended to so much of your woik as has been
heretofore laid before the public, and have looked with some
attention also, into what you have now sent me. ft will cer-
tainly arrange your name with the sages ot antiquity. Time
and changes in the condition and constitution of society,
may require occasional and corresponding modifications.
One single object, if your provision attains it, will entitle
you to the endless gratitude of society—that of restraining
judges from usurping legislation. And with no body of men
is this restraint more wanting than with the judges of what
is commonly called our General Government, but what I
call our foreign depaitment. They aie practicing on the
Constitution by inferences, analogies, and sophisms, as they
would on an ordinary law. The> do not set m aware that
it is not even a Constitution, farmed by a single authority
and subject to a single superintendence and control, but
that it is a compact of many independent powers, every sin-
gle one of which claims an equal right to understand it. and
to require its observance. However strong tne cord of com-
pact may be, there is a point of tension at which it will
break. A few such doctrinal decisions as barefaced as that
of the Cohens, happening to bear immediately on two or
three of the large Stares, may induce them to join m arrest-
ing the march of Government, and m arousing the co-States
to pay some attention to what is pa-sing. 10 bring back the
compact to its original principles, or to modify it legitimately
by the express consent of the parties themselves, and not by
the usurpation of their created agents. They imagine they
can lead us into a consolidated Government, while their
road leads directly (o its dissolution. Tins member of the
Government wa< at first considered as the most harmless
and helpless of all its organs. But it has proved that the
power of declaring what the law is, ad libitum. by sapping
and mining, slyly and without alarm, the foundation or the
Constitution, can do what open force would not dare to at-
tempt."  
PROTECTION AND FREE-TRADE TARIFFS TESTED
BY STATISTICS.
SPEECH OF HON. E. P. WALTON,
OF VERMONT,
In the House of Representatives,
February 7, 1859.
The House being m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. WALTON said: I have, Mr. Chairman,
prepared, with much labor, an argument mainly
statistical, upon the necessity, and, as I think,
upon the proper principles, of a revision of the
tariff, to meet the necessities of the Government
and the business of the country. It is not so well
fitted for delivery as for the press, and-therefore
I ask leave of the committee to print the same.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I shall interpose
no objection, provided the gentleman will indicate
in the Globe that the speech was not delivered in
the Hall, but printed by consent of the comrnit-
tSMr. WALTON. Certainly.
The following are the remarks of Mr. Walton:
Mr. Chairman: There are various topics m the
President's message, eminently worthy of debate;
but in the present condition of the Government
and people of the country, and in view of the brief
time left for the business of Congress, I think it
is our duty to forego the discussion of all matters
merely speculative or political, and to address
ourselves to such as are practical and necessary.
Among these the most prominent is a revision
of the tariff, for the strict constitutional purposes
of meeting the current expenditures, discharging
the public debt, and providing for the general
welfare of the country.* If these great constitu-
tional purposes shall be effected by any act of
ours, I care not by what name you call it—reve-
nue or protective, incidental, transcendental, or
accidental; though I much fear that the passage
of such an act by this Congress, will be reckoned
among the happiest of accidents.
The necessity is palpable and absolute. This
is acknowledged by the President in his annual
message, and by the Secretary of the Treasury in
*" The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and exci-es, to pay the debts and
provide foi tiie common defense and general welfare of the
United States."—Federal Constitution* Art. 8.
(i Whereas, if it, neee-^nry for the support ofGovernmcnt,
for the discharge of the debts, arid the encouragement and
protection of manufactures, thai duttes be laid on goods^
wares, merchandise," &c.—Preamble to the first tarijj,
pasted by the First Congress} July 4, 1*589.
