mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOME.
fti
Mr. GROW. I call for the yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered,
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I ask for a
division of the question; so that we may have a
vote on the preamble and a vote on the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The preamble and resolu-
tions are not before the House. The question is
on suspending the rules, so as to allow the reso-
lutions to be introduced*
Mr. DEWART. Is it ija order to move to lay
them on the table ?
The SPEAKER. Not at the present time. •
The question was taken; and it was decided in
negative—yeas 115, nays 84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Arnold,
Bennett, BjlhnghuHt," Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Bowio,
Brayton>Bufimton, Burlingame. Burroughs, Ca^e, Chatfee,
Chapman, Claw?on, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane,
Cockerill, Colfax, Comins, Corning, Covode, Davis of
Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
Dawes, Dean, Dewart, Dick, Dodd, Dnrfee. Edie, English,
Fenton, Foley, Foster, Giddings Oilman, Gilmer, Gooch,
Goodwin, Granger, Groesbeck, Grow, Uobeit D. flail, Har-
lan, Harris, Haskm, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard, llorion, How-
ard. fJuglies, Owen Jones, Keim, Kellogg, Kehey, Kdgorc,
Knapp, John C. Ivunkol, Leach, Leidy, Leiter, Lovejoy,
Maclav, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S Marshall, Matte-
son, Montgomery, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Moisc,
Murray, Nichols.'Ohn, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Pettif,
WilliamW. Phelps, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Puiviance, Ricaud,
Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts, ltoyce, Russell, John Sherman,
Sickles, Spinner, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan,
Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Wade, Walbndge, Wal-
dron, Walton, CadwaladerO. Washburn,Ellihu B. Wash-
burne, Israel Washburn, and Wilson—115.
NAYS — Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Barksdalc,
Barr, Bocock, Bonham, Bojee, Branch, Biy.m, Burnett,
Burns, Caskio, John t>. Clark, Clay, Cobh, Cox, James
Craig, Burton Ciaige, Crayvtord, Cmry, Davidson, Davis of
Mississippi, JDowdell, Etlmundson, Ru^lis, Faulkner, Flor-
ence, Gamett, Garticll, Clllis, Goode. Gieemvood, Gregg,
Lawrence W. Hall, Hawkins, Hodges, Hopkins, Houston,
Jackson, Jewott, Geoige \V". Jone^, Lamar, Letchei, Mc-
Queen, McRae, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Millson, Moore,
Niblack, Peyton, John S. Phelp>, Powell, Reagan, Ruflin,
Sandidge, Savage, Scales, Searing, irfewaid, Anion Shaw,
I-Ieniy M. Shaw. Shortei, ^uigSeioiij Uobeit Smith, Samuel
A. Smith, Stall worth. Stephens, Stevenson,.Tame?. A. Stew-
art. George Taylor, Tuppe, Vallandighain, Watkms, White,
Wlnteley, Win&low. Wuodson, Woiteiuljke, Augustus R.
Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolheod'er—84.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
TWENTY MILLIONS LOAN.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill to authorize
a loan not exceeding $20,000,000.
Mr. KELSEY. ^ object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to suspend the rules;
• and on that I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The bill was read. It authoi izes the President
of the United States, at any time within twelve
months from the passage of this act, to borrow,
on the credit of the United States, a sum not ex-
ceeding $20,000,000, or so much thereof as, in
his opinion, the exigencies of the public service
may require, m addition to the money received,
or which may be received, into the Treasury from
other sources; provided, that no stipulation or
contract shall be made to prevent the United
States from reimbursing any sum borrowed under
the authority of this act at any time after the ex-
piration of five years from the Jst of January
next. It provides that stock shall be issued for
the amount so borrowed, bearing interest not
exceeding six per-centum per annum, payable
semi-annually; and authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury, with the consent of the President,
to cause certificates of stock to be prepared, which
shall be signed by the Register, and sealed with
the seal of the Treasury Department, for the
amount so borrowed, in favor of the parties lend-
ing the same, or their assigns; which certificates
may be transferred on the books of the Treasury,
under such regulations as may be established by
the Secretary of the Treasury; provided, that no
certificate shall be issued for a less sum than
#1,000: and provided, also, that, whenever re-
quired, the Secretary of the Treasury may cause
coupons of semi-annual interest, payable thereon,
to be attached to certificates issued under this act;
and any certificate, with such coupons of interest
attached, may be assigned and transferred by de-
livery of the same, instead of being transferred
on the books of the Treasury.
It also directs that before awarding said loan,
the Secretary of the Treasury shall cause to be
inserted in two of the public newspapers of the
city of Washington, and in one or more public
newspapers in other cities of the United States,
public notice that sealed proposals for such loan
will be received until a certain day to be specified
in such_notice, not less than thirty days from its
first insertion in a Washington newspaper; and
such notice shall state the amount of the loan, at
what periods the money shall be paid, if by in-
stallments, and at what places. Such sealed pro-
posals shall be opened on the day appointed in
the notice, in the presence of such persons as may
choose to attend, and the proposals decided on by
the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall accept
the m^st favorable proposals offered by respons-
ible bidders for said stock. It also directs the
Secretary to report to Congress, at the commence-
ment of the next session, the amount of money
borrowed under this act, and of whom, and on
what terms, it shall have been obtained; with an
abstract or brief statement of all the proposals
submitted for the same, distinguishing between
those accepted and those rejected, with a detailed
statement of the expense ot making such loans;
provided, that no stock shall be disposed of at less
than its par value. It pledges the faith of the
United States for the due payment of the interest
and the redemption of the principal of said stock;
and appropriates, to defray the expenses of en-
graving and printing certificates of such stock,
and other expenses incident to the execution of
the act, the sum of $20,000; provided, that no com-
pensation shall be allowed for any service per-
formed under it to any officer whose salary is
established by law.
Mr. COVODE. I would like to say a word on
the subject before the vote is taken.
Mr. Davidson, i object.
Mr. COVODE. I do not want to interfere to
prevent the Administration from getting a loan.
Mr. HOUSTON. _ I do not want the gentle-
man to state his position unless I have a chance
myself.
"""""" I say to the gentleman 
I object; and call the gentle-
I want to ask the gentleman
Mr. COVODE.
Mr. RUFF1N.
man to order.
Mr. COVODE.
a question.
Mr. RUFFIN. I objcct to any question being
asked.
Mr. COVODE. I ask the gentleman from Al-
abama to answer me this question: whether he
intends making any provision for the payment
of the loan, as the delegation from Pennsylvania
will not consent to vote for an appropriation of
money until there are some measuies adopted to
supply an empty Treasury 
Mr. UUFFIN. 1 object to the question being
asked.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order, ob-
jection besng made.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am perfectly willing, if
the House allow the gentleman to ask his ques-
tion, to answer it.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to.
Mr. COVODE. What [ want to ask the gen-
tleman from Alabama is 
Mr. BURNETT. I objcct to debate.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to have the per-
mission of the House to answer that question.
The SPEAKER. Debate is out of order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 73, nays 127; as follows:
Yfc \S—Mes^is. Anderson, Atkins, Avery. Barks-dale,
BarrJJoeock. Bonham, Bowie, Bovce, Biatn-h, Bryan, Bui-
nett, Caskn\'john B. Clark, ('lay, John Coelnane, Cmry,
Davtd&on, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dowdell,
Edmundson. Elliott. English. Eustis, Faulknei, Foley, Gar-
nett, Goode, Greenwood. Hawkins, Hopkins, JlmiMon,
Hughes, Jack-ou, Jewefr,Geuigi; W. Jones, Lamar, Letch-
er, Me01 ay, McQueen, >Samuel S. Marshall, Mason. Miles,
Miller, Milison, Moore, Niblack, Peyton, John S Phelps,
rowell, Reagan, RufFm, Unwell, Savage, Sc.ile>, Scmt,
Searing, Aaron Shaw, Iiew> M Shaw, Shelter, Singleton,
Robert Smith, Samuel A- tf'inith, Staltworth, Stevenson,
Geoige Taj lor, Miles TavJor, Waid, Watkms, Whitelej,
Window, and Augu>tu  K. Wnsjht—73.
NAYS—Mes.«ib. Abbott, Adnan, Alii. Andrews, Arnold,
BenhyU.Bilhngbur^t. Bingham, Bishop,Bhs-s. Brayt n,Buf-
firiton3 IJurhngame, Ca*.e, Chaffee, Chapman, E/.ra Clatk,
dawson, Cobb, Chirk B. Cochrane, Colfax. Comms, Com-
ma, Covode, Cox. Jame-: Craig, Ciawford, Davis of Mary-
land. Davi=; ot Ala^aclmceu.-, Dnvvc.s, Dean, Dewait, Dick,
Dodd, DurfW', Edie, Fenton, Florence, Foster, Gartre'l,
Gidding-. Gilii-, Gilman, GilniPi, Gooch, Goodwin, Gran-
ge!. Gre-ife, Giow. Rob.-it ft. Hall, Harlan, Hani?, Ilas-km,
Hickman, Iliil. Hoard, Hodge*, Horton, Ilowaid. Owen
Jone-, Km in, KHloga. KeNey. Ktlgore. Knapp, John C.
Kunkel, Leach, Leidv,Leiter,Lovejoy,McRae, Humphiey
Marshall, Matte&on, Maynard, Montgomery, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N.Morrii, Freeman H. Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Palmer,
Parker, Pendleton, Pettit, William W. -Fhelps, i'hiljrps,
Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purviance, Ready, Ricaud,, Jjtitclue,*
Robbins, Royce,John Bhermai^ Sickles* Spinner, S^ntdti,
Stephens, William Ftewart, Tappan, 'Thayfer, TOtfrfrpedn,
Tompkins,Trippe, Lnderwood,Vnlkindigfeam, WadCW&l-
bridge, Waldron, Whlton, Cadwalader C. Waebbam,EHibti
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wljue, Wilsonr~ Wpod,
Woodson, Wortendyke, John V. Wright, and ZollicofFer—
—1*27. - ■' - -
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof), the
rules were not suspended.
During the vote,
Mr. MAYNARD said: If it be iff ordet, lask
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether this proposition is recommended
by that committee? If it be, I will vote to suspend
the rules; otherwise I cannot.
No answer having been made,
Mr, MAYNARD'. I vote " no."
THOMAS LAURENT,
Mr. STANTON. I ask the unamirrous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
Senate bill (No. 334) for the relief of Thomas
Laurent, surviving partner of the firm of Benja-
min and Thomas Laurent.
Mr. HUGHES. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I move to suspend the rules.
A bill has been reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs precisely the same as that of the
Senate. It is a case of great hardship; and unless
it be acted on at once, there is no use of acting on
it at all.
The bill and report were read.
The bill authorizes and requires the Secretary
of War to pay, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to Thomas Laurent,
surviving1 partner of the firm of Benjamin and
Thomas Laurent, or to his legal representatives,
the sum of §15,000, being the amount paid by the
firm to Major General Winfield Scott, in the
City of Mexico, for the purchase of a house, in
that city, out of the possession of which they
were since ousted by the Mexican authorities;
provided, the amount so appropriated shall be in
full of their claim therefor against the United
States. *
The report shows the following statement of
facts: the petitioners are British subjects, who
had been domiciled in the City of Mexico for some
twenty years prior to the commencement of the
late war between the United States and the Re-
public of Mexico. They still retained their na-
tional character, jiowcver, by annually taking out
license from the Government of Mexico to trade
as foreigners. They were wine merchants, man-
ufacturers of glass and porcelain, and kept in the
heart of the city what would in this country be
called an extensive and fashionable restaurant of
the first class. They were engaged, to all appear-
ances, in a flourishing and prosperous business,
using a capital in the various branches of their
business amounting in the aggregate to upwards
of one hundred thousand dollars, with a very ex-
tensive credit and high social position. Their
principal business establishment was in the heart
of the city, in buildings owned by a religious eor-
| poration,"called the <£ Convent of the Immaculate
! Conception," from whom they rented the prern-
! ises they occupied.
S By virtue of two acts of the Mexican Congress,
one passed on the 11th of January 1847, and the
other on the 4th of February of the same year, the
President or Minister of Finance was authorized
to sell property held in mortmain by religious cor-
porations, for the purpose of raising funds to carry
on the war with tiie United States. In pursuance
of this law, notice was given to the petitioners
that they must thereafter hold under and pay rents
to the Government, until the property could be
sold. The petitioners thereupon made proposi-
tions to the Government, for the purchase of the
property at $20,000, payable in installments.
While the negotiations were pending, a domestic
revolution in Mexico broughtGeneral Santa Anna
intopowerjand under his administration the laws
authorizing the confiscation of property held in
mortmain were repealed. In this condition of-
things the city of Mexico was token by the army
of the United States under General Scott. It ap-
pears that General Scott took into his service at
Puebla a Mexican, by the name of M. Garcia,
who'went with him to Mexico in the capacity of
interpreter. Soon after the arrival of General
