1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Stewart.
Ho. of Reps.
•work. We cannotundertake to carry on this Gov-
ernment in defiance of what has been announced
by those whose official duty it is to famish the
statistics in regard to the state of the Treasury.
It is not wise to attempt to do so. We are not,
in my judgment, by sucli a revolutionary course,
sensibly meeting oar responsibility. I know that
we ought to retrench where it can properly be
done. I am an advocate for economy. I under-
stand the President and the Administration as a
unit, favor economy. But, sir, what is economy?
What does it consist of? You may demolish
your Government, you may strike down your
Wavy and your Army and 'your Judiciary, and
in that wise you may save much more money
than by some o"f the inefficient modes of curtail-
ment suggested by gentlemen. But, would that
be wise ?
lam told that your annual expenses some years
ago were only thirty or forty million dollars, but
that they are now over seventy million. What
deduction is to be made from that' That there
has necessarily been a wasteful expenditure of
the public money? That, sir, is a non sequitur.
You must point out to me in what that wasteful
expenditure consists. Show me where any money
has been improperly expended; demonstrate to
me where any may be saved, and I am ready to
go with any gentleman, 1 care not of what party,
tp curtail such improper expenditure. But, sir,
it is-not sufficient for me, in view of the exhibits
raade by the President and the Secretary of the
Treasury, to say that there have been wasteful
expenditures. It may be said that this is a free
•country, and that if a man cannot wear shoes he
can go barefoot. The President may go down
the avenue without boots, and with his elbows
out, but that would not lie in keeping with the
respectability of his position, nor with lus duty,
indeed, to the people of the United States. We
may save a great deal, but jt may not be wise nor
economical to do so. We must act up to the oc-
casion; we must meet all of our responsibilities,
in making a tariff for revenue, you are not mainly
to consider the question how far any particular
interest may thereby be protected.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to inquire of the
gentkman from Maryland, whether it is not his
view that this revenue thus raised is really a tax
upon the consumer of the articles upon which the
impost is laid? If so, then why would it not be
a cheaper way, and more in accordance with Dem-
ocratic principles, to have a direct tax, than a
tariff ?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Of course, all
such duties are a tax upon consumption; but there
are several modes by which you can raise revenue
under this Government. One is by a system of
direct taxation. Has the gentleman from Illinois
examined the question as to the operation of a
system of direct taxation' On what species of
property, under that system, would he impose
the tax?
Mr. LOVEJOY. I wish to ascertain the views
of the gentleman, whether, if revenue is to be
raised, the imposition of a tariff is not the most
expensive mode; whether, indeed, it is not more
expensive than by direct taxation ? In the latter
there are no custom-houses, &c.
Mr. STEWART,of Maryland. I should think
not, I believe that the presentsystem of imposts
is far preferable to that of direct taxation. If you
resort to a system of direct taxation, you will I
have officers under the Federal Government trav- I
eling over and through the different States. They
will be multiplied from time to time, and wiil
somewhat interfere with the operations of the peo-
ple in their ordinary pursuits. It seems to me
that, so far as State rights and prerogatives are
concerned, the system of direct taxation would
be calculated to bring the States more under the
control of the General Government.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I ask the gentleman whether
the whole tiling could not be done through the
State officers, inasmuch as the State taxes are
raised iti that way? Could not the Federal taxes
be raised in the same manner?
Mr. STEWART The State officers might be
selected; but in the discharge of that duty they
would be under the control of the General Gov-
ernment. I do not know that that would be better
calculated to aid the collection of the taxes, than
for the Federal Government to constitute its own
officers. I know that the system of direct taxa-
tion is contended for by some gentlemen of the
South; and I would like to know whether the gen-
tleman from Illinois is in favor of abolishing the
duties upon imports and resorting to direct taxa-
tion ?
Mr. LOVEJOY. My object was to ascertain
the views of the gentleman from Maryland. I
(lid not propose to put forward my own.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Ifthegentle-
man from Illinois does not choose to answer, that
is a matter for himself.
Mr. LOVEJOY. If the gentleman should wish
me to reply, I would say, that I think that direct
taxation is the constitutional mode of raising rev-
nue, if we are to have a tariff simply for revenue
purposes, without any regard to protection. I
think that that would be more proper, aifd the
cheapest mode.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I apprehend
that the gentleman has not considered fully the
effect of a system of direct taxation. From the
foundation of the Government to the presenttime,
direct taxation has been resorted to on two or
three occasions only. In time of war, when rev-
enue cannot be raised by-impost duties,"direct tax-
ation must be resorted to. The eighth section of
the Constitution of the United States provides
thatCongress " shall have powerto lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the
debts and provide for the common defense of the
United States;" but that "all duties, imposts, and
excises shall be uniform throughout the United
States." While providing for unifornjjty of du-
ties, it does not provide that direct taxation shall
lie uniform. Why is the word "taxes" left out
in that provision? Because it is recognized in
another section under a different principle. The
second section provides that representatives and
direct taxation shall be apportioned among the
several States according to their respective num-
bers, which shall be determined by adding to
the whole number of free persons, excluding
Indians not taxed,"three fifths of all other per-
sons; so when we come to impose direct taxes, we
should do it on the principle of apportionment.
Other duties must be imposed upon the principle
of uniformity. Those who would undertake to
inaugurate the system of direct taxation would
find themselves surrounded with immense diffi-
culties.
There is another provision in the Constitution
that "no capitation or other direct tax shall be laid,
except m proportion to the census or enumeration
directed to be taken." Wow, it has been decided
by the Supreme Court of the United States, I be-
lieve, that you can only tax land or persons under
that clause of the Constitution. You cannot tax
personal property. Then if you were to resort
to a system of direct taxation you would have to
tax the lands and the people impersonamof the dif-
erent States and Territories, according to their
number. From the great variety of climate, soil
and facilities for mai ket, there would be great dif-
ficulty in assessing lands in different sections of
the country. You would require the same officers
to tiavel through the thirty-two States and Ter-
ritories putting a valuation on property; men who.
would understand all the reasons and considera-
tions that should operate in fixing the valuation.
The system would be attended with more objec-
tions and greater inequalities than can grow up
under the system of imposts. It v/ould be the
most difficult thing in the world to ascei tam pre-
cisely the apportionment, so as to equalize taxes
in all sections of the country.
Yes, sir, if we were to abandon the system of im-
posts and resort to direct taxation, it would be at-
tended with infinite trouble and would, m all prob- 1
ability, occasion a revolution or some outbreak. I
am sure, therefore, that such a measure'would be
next to nnpiacticablc. There never, in the history
of the world, was a great Government like ours,
carried on with such slight burdens to the people.
We have heard a good deal here in respect to the
tariff of 1857 and other tariffs; but in my own
section I heard no complaint of the burdens of the
Federal Government. The same thing, [ presume,
is the case in other sections of the country. All
this fuss, clamor, and disturbance about the ex- !
penses of the Government is connected with pres-1
idential schemes, I fear. It may be with schemes
of plunder and favoritism. All thlSt the people
desire is, that the Administration and their Rep-
resentatives shall see that no money is wastefully
expended. And yet we have heard gentlemen
say here, "strike down your Army; strike down
your Navy; put out your light-hquses; batter
down your marine hospitals, and make your Post
Office self-sustaining." I have even heard some
go so far as to say that Congress should be self-
sustaining, and that all branches of the Govern-
ment should be self-supporting. When a man
can raise himself by the waistbands of hia
breeches, it may be done.
The country has been extended immensely.
We have now six Territories, wliile, when our an-
nual expenditure was but $40,000,000, we had but
one Territory. Now, we own the whole country
reaching to the Pacific. We have just had a quasi
war with Utah. We have had wars \vith the In-
dians. All this was attended with enormous ex-
pense. We have established overland mail routes
to the Pacific—also attended with great cost* And
now, it is proposed to build a railroad from the
Atlantic States to the Pacific. T think, however,
that it would be wise and sensible on the part of
the Congress of the United States, before under-
taking that work, to let the country be explored
a little more; to have wagon roads opened, and
mail routes, and to encourage emigration. By
this means, a road may be built much more sat-
isfactorily andeconominally than if we undertook
to construct it now.
It is said, also, that the rates of postage must
be increased. -The mileage of members has also
been talked of, and it has been said that the mem-
bers from California ought not to get so many
thousand dollars formileage, while a member from
Maryland receives but a small pittance. For my
part, I do not think that the mileage paid to a
member from California, or the Pacific country,
more than pays him for the sacrifices which he
makes for the public interest.
I once heard of an old woman who, in the
startling days of the Millerites, was told that the
world was coming to an end. "Great God!" was
her nervous reply, "what shall I do in such a
case for 'snuff.' "
It may be said now, how could we get along
without gas and dyspeptic politicians ? Mileage,
boxes for Congressmen, and saddle-horses for
messengers, "beggars on horseback," &c., are
grave subjects, and fruitful of eloquent discus-
sion. If you give a member from the Pacific
more pay, in the shape of mileage, than the mem-
ber from Maryland gets, why the member from
Maryland has his compensating reciprocity in
being able to go home occasionally to his fam-
ily, and in attending, to a certain extent, to his
business at- home. It seems to me, then, that
there is nothing unjust, unfair, or unreasonable,
in allowing those members who come from re-
mote sections of the Union additional pay. It
may operate to keep the different sections of the
country better together. Strike down your over-
land mail service, annihilate the facilities of com-
munication which connect us in the ESR with the
Pacific coast, and you sunder one of the strong
ligaments which bind this country in close com-
munion. I look upon these facilities of inter-
course between the sovereign States of this Union,
or lemote possessions, as calculated to unite the
people, and perpetuate the Government of this
Republic. You may, if you think proper, grad-
uate your rates of postage by not changing it for
a certain distance, then increasing it to five cents
for all distances, say of not less th'an five hundred
miles and not more than one thousand miles, and
ten cents for all distances over one thousand miles.
You may adopt some graduating system in refer-
ence to distance like that, which will answer every
purpose, and I shall not object; but. sir, I protest,
in the name of the people, against these wild and
Utopian schemes called retrenchment and reform,
which would reduce this Government from the
proportions of a giant to those of a miserable
dwarf. It is simply dwarfing this Government,
and utterly unworthy of the age ill which we live.
Unless gentlemen can show "how such a system
is to benefit our whole country, I cannot join in
such a crusade, and yot I am opposed to a mag-
nificent government.
