706
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
commands the respect of others, and is never as-
sailed, insulted, or trifled with. Who would dare
insult the honor of Prance ? The indignities which
England and Spain have offered to our flag in the
last few years, if offered to Prance, would have
been punished without delay, and in a manner
the most terrible. And yet we sit .here with our
escutcheon blackened with insult, amidst the cries
for justice from our injured citizens, and utter
empty threats, which we have not the soul to ex-
ecute—and thereby invite aggression from abroad.
Thus we exhibit to the world the fatal truth, that
the greatness of soul which animated our ances-
tors has perished, and we have become a nation
demoralized and contemptible.
REPUBLICAN PARTY—THE MESSAGE.
Mr. POTTLE. Mr. Chairman, in the hour
allotted me, 1 shall follow the example of other
gentlemen, and talk a little upon many subjects
having reference to the public welfare; and as sev-
eral gentlemen have indulged in comments upon
one or the other of the two great political parties
of the Union, I shall venture a few thoughts u pon
the Republican party, its principles, and the ob-
jects which it'is seeking to attain. It would hardly
seem necessary for me to say that I speak for no
one but myself, for 1 think no man, here or else-
where, would presume to lay down a platform for
that party, or enunciate rules of action, with the
expectation that they would be considered bind-
ing upon any but himself. The right of free and
full discussion which belongs to every member of
the party or citizen of the country, invites every
gentlemen upon this floor to sapr,or leave unsaid,
upon every topic of public policy, whatever to his
judgment shall seem discreet and proper; and
when said, he only, and not the party, is respons-
ible. And while there is no necessity to go further
than this, there also is no right.
When the Republican party met at Philadel-
phia, in 1856, to nominate a candidate for the
Presidency, it was represented by delegates au-
thorized as they were elected, not only to per-
form that duty, but to declare to the woild the
principles by which that party should be guided.
They performed that duty, and, in my judgment,
performed it well. Those principles must of ne-
cessity continue until the Republican party shall
again be represented in a convention having power
to modify, or change, the platform thus agreed
upon. And, sir, I do not anticipate such an event
until the representatives of the party shall again
be assembled to nominate a candidate to be sus-
ported for the Presidency is 1860. And, sir, until
then, I, for one, am willing to wait, with full con-
fidence that the representatives of the party (rep-
resentatives, who will everywhere be chosen for
their prudence and ability) will then not only re-
tain and reassert all that four years' experience
shall have proved correct, and for the interest of
the whole country, but that they will also modify
all or any of the present platform, which experi-
ence, new issues, and altered circumstances shall
require, in order to meet the wants and interests
of the country. I think, sir, the present platform
one which wa^ well and carefully considered be-
fore it was adopted; and that it met, frankly,
justly, and in a spirit of broad nationality, all the
issues of that time; and whatever changes may
become necessary, if any, I feel full confidence
that the same will be truly said of the platform
upon which the campaign of 1860 will be fought.
And now, sir, a few words upon the character
and aims of the Republican party. I confess that
I have been pained at times by hearing gentlemen
talk of the Republican party as a mere anti-slavery
party. Sir, 1 desire to say that, while this ques-
tion of the rights of colored men, and of the effect
of slavery upon free white labor, is, and will be,
second to no other, there are still other great ques-
tions upon which no party can, if it would, be
silent. It must of necessity speak out, and have a
policy upon each and all of them. The wheels of
Government must go on; they cannot await the
issue of any single idea, however important; and,
sir, a careful consideration of our platform will
be sufficient to convince the bitterest opponent of
Republicanism that we have not shrunk from or
avoided the declaration of our policy upon any
question of public interest; and we have taken
strong and high grounds upon all of them.
And, sir, while we hear so much from gentle-
men about the encroachments of the Republican
party upon the South, in its past action, and of
its tendency to that direction in the future, I
would ask some one of the many intelligent gen-
tlemen from that section to descend from whole-
sale assertion to simple fact, and point out a sin-
gle act of this party, or a single plank in its
platform, that will justify these charges so often
made ? I do not ask for intemperate expressions
sometimes made by members of the Republican
party; but for the acts and creed of the party. It
is for these alone that it can fairly be held re-
sponsible. If there has been any such action, I, for
one, wish to express my regret. If there is any-
thing aggressive in our platform, 1 desire to labor
to get rid of it. I gave my adhesion to this party,
in the belief that it was national, in the broadest
and best sense of that term;and in spite of decla-
mation here and elsewhere, I shall still entertain
that belief, until I see proof to the contrary.
Assuming, sir, that I have understood correctly
our platform, and what we aim to accomplish as
a party, I assert that there is not a sentiment con-
tained in our creed, or held by any considerable
number of those who claim to be Republicans,
but what is clearly within the limits of the Con-
stitution, and for the public good—calculated to
benefit alike all sections of the country. Nothing
but what has been held by one or the other great
parties of the country, and sometimes by both,
and sanctioned by long usage, without a charge
or thought that it was sectional and aggressive.
We seek a just and economical administration
of the Government;
A wise, conciliatory and just foreign policy;
A system of revenue duties, which, while it sup-
plies the needful expenses of Government, shall,
at the same time, yield incidental protection to in-
dustry against the cheap labor of Europe;
A system of improvement, not only upon our
ocean-coast, but upon our inland lakes and riv-
ers and other great avenues of trade, which will
strengthen commerce and insure the safety of our
property and lives of our people in time of peace,
and serve for military transportation in time of
war;
A chain of railroads which shall connect the
Atlantic and Pacific, binding our wide-spread em-
pire with the strong bands of common interest,
and giving us the carrying trade of the world;
A policy in the disposal of the public lands
which shall give to the pioneer, the actual settler,
a homestead—an advantage over the mere specu-
lator; and thus, instead of town plats and cities
on paper, build up real towns ana cities, making
the wilderness literally blossom like a garden,
spreading civilization and general prosperity over
the land;
Laws and a policy forUtah, which shall put an
end to the hideous deformity upon our institu-
tions, which disgraces us in the eyes of the world;
A constant and implicit observance of the rights
of the several States, according to the understand-
ing of Jefferson and the early fathers of the Re-
public.
Now, sic, I ask southern men—for I speak to
them in this matter—what in all this is there that
is sectional, that is not for the interest of the
South as well as the North, the East as well as
the West?
If it is said that I have said nothing in regard
to the policy of the party, as to negro slavery, I
will add that our policy upon that subject is as
simple and as time-honored as either of the other
planks I have named. It is simply to let it alone
where State rights protect it, anirefuse our sanction
to it and oppose its entry into any Territory where it
has no such shield to guard it. If you say that
this policy is sectional, I reply, then, that you,
not we, have made it so; for it is but a brief
period since parties south, as well as north, held
this identical doctrine in common; even to in-
sisting that it was not within the pawer of Con-
gress to legalize slavery in the Territories. I
know that my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall,] in his speech the other day, claimed that
the Dred Scott case had now settled that question
otherwise. He is a good lawyer, and, 1 think,
must have relied upon the word of the President
in this matter. Had he examined the case he
could hardly have failed to notice that the Su-
preme Court, in that case, merely decided that
Dred Scott was a negro; that a negro is not a cit-
izen of the State of Missouri, according to the
laws of that State, and could not sue in that court,
and therefore the court had no jurisdiction of the
case. Whatever the individual judges chose to
say, after they had thus disposed of the case be-
fore them, upon the political questions of the day,
would indicate their opinions upon such ques-
tions; but no more amounts to an adjudication of
these questions than would the speeches of the
gentleman and myself upon the same topics.
Nor can they be taken as a certain indication
of what the court will decide should these ques-
tions ever come properly before it. Long before
that time the present members may change their
opinions; or, in the course of nature, yield their
places to others; or the court be so reorganized
as to give to all sections of the country proper
access to, and a fair representation in it. Noryet
does the statement of the President, that the Su-
preme Court, by that decision, has made slavery
legal in the Territories, increase respect either for
the alleged decision or the Executive. And,sir,
I have only to add, upon this point, that any at-
tempt to legislate in affirmance of the opinions of
the judges in that case, will meet my opposition
while a member of this honorable body, and I
hope will meet the opposition of every member
of the Republican party.
To the complaint that we of the North absorb
all other issues in this one in relation to negro
slavery, and that we are constantly agitating upon
this question, my reply is, that you have forced
this issue upon us, and still force kupon us, with
a determination that gives us little time to do any
thing else but resist your encroachments. You
cannot deny that we of the North have long
sought repose upon this vexed question, and to
to that end made various, and, to us, humiliating
compromises, every one of which you agreed
should be a " finality." Where are they now?
What became of the compromise of 1787? Swal-
lowed up in that of 1820. Who made the change
of policy, and who got the benefit? The names
of the slave States gained by that change would
be a full answer.
But, sir, not to dwell upon this, and passing
over Florida and Texas, what has become of the
great " finality" of 1850 ? Before the ink was dry
with which it was written, you began to agitate
the question of the repeal of the compromise of
1820, which you accomplished in 1854—thus
sweeping away the last legislative barrier to sla-
very, and followed that in 1856, with what the
President calls a decision which makes " Kansas
(and the other Territories) as much slave States
as South Carolina or Georgia." (I suppose he
must mean States out of the Union, for they are
not yet in it.) Now, sir, if gentleman call it agi-
tation to resist the progress from the acknowl-
edged doctrine that slavery, under our Constitu-
tion, could not exist in any of the Territories, to
the present one, that by that same Constitution it
exists in all of them, then, sir, 1 have only to add
that I trust there is no member of the Republican
party who will not continue that resistance, even
though agitation should follow which should rock
the earth upon which we stand. That agitation
which results merely from the defense of consti-
tutional rights, is neither to be deprecated nor
dreaded. It is one you can at any time stop by
merely ceasing the aggressions which cause it.
In this connection, I desire to say a few words
in regard to a project which is before the House,
and has attracted some attention in the country. I
allude to the proposition for authorizing the peo-
ple of the Territories to elect their territorial offi-
cers; and I frankly say that this plan commends
itself to my judgment, and is, I think, entirely
consistent with our platform as Republicans. It
leaves with Congress precisely the power that it
now possesses over the Territories, but takes
from the President the appointment of these offi-
cers, and transfers their election to the people—a
change which is in accordance with the principles
of our Government, and which takes from the
Executive a portion of that patronage of which he
has far too much; which is always, under any
Administration, liable to abuse; and which has
under the present one been abused, as every one
whois familiar(and who is not?) with the wrongs
and outrages of Kansas knows; and which ena-
bles the President to thwart the will of the people.
Sir, a measure which has for its object the cor-
rection of these evils, will, I hope, meet the ap-
probation of Congress, when it shall b# reached
for a vote.
