1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE*
85
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Tariff—Public hands—Pensions—Mr. Vance.
Ho. of Reps.
tures. They must al} take their chances. They
must submit to these fluctuations. They must
let trade work out its own fortunes, or misfortunes,
if you please. And, sir, all that can be expectcd
from a great Government like this, which has
many sections to protect, and various interests
to subserve, is, that it will not discriminate in the
use of its legitimate powers, to oppress any par-
ticular mterestor section ? That doctrine, I think,
may be laid down as well settled. I do not care
what arrangement may be made in reference to
who may and who shall not be President; any
party that takes the ground of protection for the
sake of protection, and goes before the country
alone on that, whether it be the Republican, or
any other nondescript party, must suffer defeat;
for I believe that there is enough of interests dis-
connected to act upon proper principles, and ig-
nore any policy of that kind.
But, Mr. Chairman, the President and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury say that you have not a
sufficiency of revenue, and that the tariff ought
to be revised. Yet it is urged, by some of the
piofessed ft lends of the Administration, that the
tariff ought not to be revised; that it may afford
revenue enough. I grant that it might possibly
afford a sufficiency; but we cannot tell. If it yield
a sufficiency, it must be by largely increased im-
portations. If there be a large amount of import-
ations, upon which your Government may raise
revenue and get out of debt, the people, unless
they have something to export to pay for these
importations, will get into debt, and in a year or
two you will have another reaction—or revulsion,
1 believe thoy call it.
Mr. PUIIVIANCE. Let me ask the gentleman
a question ?
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I have no
time to yield further. Now, sir, as a free trader,
against any system of protection persp, i go for a
revenue tariff ample and sufficient. Itaketheiec-
ommendations of the President and the Secretary
of the Treasury. There can be no doubt in ref-
erence to the impartiality of those recommend-
ations. Take them together—one going for spe-
cifics and the other for ad valor ems; and yet they
agreesthat the present tariff ought to be levised. I
am prepared to meet that responsibility. I main-
tain that the tariff ought to be reviewed. There is-
now not enough of revenue to meet the expenses
of the Government; and although a devout free
trader and a strict constiuc!lonist of the Consti-
tution, y<;t I am not prepaied, in the face of those
lecommendations of the Administration, m view
of the condition of the public finances, and the
demands of the Government, to reject pertina-
ciously all propositions of revision, and leave the
levenue to the ch;>noes of trade. It is not wise
to reject the recommendations of the President.
I am not prepared to go before my people reject-
ing that revision, and with additional loans and
public debt staring us in the face, and with the
contingency threatening of an extra session of
Congress. That, my people, I believe, and the
people of the South, will be opposed to; for the
youth mostly hold their elections after the adjourn-
ment.
The elections generally in the North have al-
ready taken place. They have not had them in
the South, and they cannot well have them in the
summer, m that region, and therefore postpone
them to the fall. If an extra session be necessi-
tated, the responsibility is not with the President,
or the Secretary of the Treasury; but it is with
Congress itself, for having refused to supply some
system to raise revenue enough Tor the wants of
the Government. The people would laugh to
scorn any denunciations of the President for call-
jug an extra session. It would be his bounden
duty to do so. It would be said that the Piesi-
dent has the right to rail us back; that we get no
additional compensation or mileage thereby; and
that having failed to discharge our duty it should
not be left us long to continue in that condition.
We have heard, for hours and days, discussions
of this appropriation and.that appropriation. We
have now before the committee an appropriation
bill of thirty pages and over, and we have only
advanced three or four pages. Look at the debates
in the Globe; wiut do th y amount to? It is* prub-
able tiiat some of the apniopij.dions though
struck out in committee, will nevertheless be it-
instated in this House, or in the Senate, or in the
committee of conference.
I say, therefore, that it is wise, it is prudent, it
is sensible, to act on the recommendations of the
President and the Secretary of the Treasury, and
go to work upon a revision of the tariff. Either
restore the tariff of 1846, if that is the shortest
way, or take the tariff of 1857; diminish the free
list; run up the schedules; take the decimal system;
make it five, ten,fifteen, twenty,twenty-five,and
follow out of any of the courses that are in keep-
ing with the tariff of 1846 or 1857. It is not a
herculean task, but simple and short in its struc-
ture. I protest, therefore, as one of the members
of Congress, and as having a duty to discharge,
against the efforts to put off a revision of this
tariff, I am not prepared to justify any such re-
sponsibility. We shall have to vote for a loan,
or a reissue of Treasury notes. The Government
is running into debt, while gentlemen are main-
taining that there will be a sufficiency of revenue;
and in a couple of years, probably* it will run up
to $100,000,000. Does anybody suppose that the
present tariff will ever afford revenue for the an-
nual expense, saying nothing about the liquida-
tion of that debt ? Certainly not. If you do not
revise the tariff, you, may have to resort to direct
taxation. So much for the considerations that
govern me as to that subject.
The President also recommends the construc-
tion, m some mode, of a Pacific railroad. I want,
in the few moments left me, to define my position
o if Chat subject. I think, so far as the territory
or public lands are concerned, they belong to the ,
people of the United States. The Government j
has the right to establish roads. It can explore i
and survey its public lauds, establish land offices; \
and to facilitate the sale of the public lands, it may j
provide for the construction of roads. It is upon 1
that ground I put the power to establish a road
through your Territories. It appertains to the
proprietary right. 1 do not derive it from the war
power, where the President places it. Possibly
it may exist under that power. 1 admit that you
may have a Pacific railroad through your own
territory; but is this the time to construct it? If
you have overland mail routes—wagon roads; if
you let the Territoites be opened up, the time
will speedily come when you may arrange for a
Pacific railway, so far as you have constitutional
authority. Will you un<i"rtako to build if now .
as a practical measure? From whence are the pop- 1
ulation and material to come? From donations
of the public lands ?
TARIFF-PUBLIC LANDS—PENSIONS.
SPEECH OF HON. Z. J], VANCE,
OF NORTH CAROLINA,
In the House of Repjiesentati'ves,
February 7, J£59.
The House being in the .Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. VANCE said:
Mr. Chairman: The condition of the country
is a rather singular one at tins time. Tho states-
man of enlarged phenomena might now behold
many important events in the indicationsby which
we are surrounded, could he but read them aright.
The late fury of the political heavens having
spent itself m the fierce and bitter contests which
raged in these Halls, we have now a comparative
quiet. But whether the winds merely pause to
gather more wrath; whether it is meiely a truce
to enable the combatants to recruit and to bury
their dead, we cannot tell. It may be that the
now tranqud skies do but portend—
"A greater wreck, d deept'i fall;
A shock to one, a tiiundeibolt to al! >'
But let us hope not. ], for one, am determined
to interpret the omens for good. I think they are
full of hope and peace and promise for the Re-
public. i hope, sir, that the lull is not a treach-
erous stillness, heralding the deadly simoon, but
that it is Halcyon herself who comes to brood
upon the dark and restless deep. Eujlit weeks
of this session have gone by: \ •> and important
questions have bt-en du-xn^'d and pulsed upon;
and yet, harmony and good <er hoi^ i.&ye pro vailed.
Zeal theie Las been, but without fanaticism;
warmth and spirit, but without bitterness and
rancor. Though tne bush has been beaten fYom
Maine to California, from the Lakes to thfe'GKiif,
only the gentleman from Maiae [Mr. W%$h-
BtjRN] has been able to start a negro; and though
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gibdings] aid
howl upon the trail, the chase was so distant,'an#
the scent lay so cold, that he soon called off, and
the committee was not frightened from its pro-
priety.
It behooves the Representatives of the people
to take advantage of this hopeful state of affairs,
and to turn their earnest attention- to the practi-
cal every-day matters of the nation. Too long,
already, has the country suffered from this all-ab-
sorbing excitement which has so mueh hindered
practical legislation. Our disordered finances,
our depressed trade, our empty Treasury, our
confused foreign policy, our Secretary calling,
like the daughter of the horse-leech, "Give, give;"
| all show this melancholy but instructive fact.
: The great question of a tariff, the principal source
of our national revenue; the public lands; and,
inseparable from these, the grovvingexpenditures
of the Government greatly need, nay, must have,
our attention. It is time, sir, we wore consider-
ing the ways and means to do something for the
pcople-4Mmt vast and ever-striving mass whose
servants and Representatives wc are; by whose
intelligent industry and unceasing toil, by whose
early-nsingand late lying-down, this Government
receives its protection and its bread, its glory
and its prosperity.
When we reflect, sir, that the expense of ad-
ministering this Government has reached a point
far exceeding the receipts of the public Treasury,
we must look around for some means of making
! both ends meet. I presume there aie few members
; of this committee who desire to see the Govern-
ment embark in a system of borrowing money, ex-
cept in extraordinary cases of emergency, and thus
to lay the foundation of a great' national debt like
that of Great Britain, which is to go on growing
and increasing until it gets forever beyond the
hope of ultimate payment. The soundest policy
of national financiers has been to borrow money
only in case of war, or some such urgent neces-
sity, to be repaid during the long years of peace
and prosperity which follow these calamities. In
times of general tranquillity it has always been
considered best to draw upon the sources of the
nation's income sufficiently to meet our current
expenses without boirowmg, no odds how much
the amount might be. We are not now doing
this: instead of living like a frugal housekeeper,
on the interest of our money, we arc devouring
the principal. During the last fiscal year, in the
midst of profound peace, this Government has
issued Treasury notes and bonds to the amount
of $35,000,000 beyond the receipts of the Treas-
ury, and a similar issue may soon be callcd for,
unless the deficiency is levied on some source of
the revenue. The tariff levied on importations is
the principal source; the next largest is the public
lands. Let us consider the former.
Shall it be raised to a revenue standard or not?
That it is not now up to this point, is, I take it
for gran ted—the opinion of many gentlemen to the
contrary, notwithstanding—sufficiently obvious
from the plain fact, that we are now living on
borrowed moncv. This fact, for "practical pur-
poses, is worth all the theories that gentlemen can
put forth in regard to the present rates. Sir, 1 am
not philosophical on this subject; I have not made
the laws winch govern the trade and commerce of
the woild my study; I have not hunted up the
statistics, nor counted with care the enormous col-
umns of figures which contain our commercial
transactions. I am free to confess it. Nor do I
believe that I am much the worse for this reason.
Rut crude and unelaborated as my opinions may
be, I will venture to lay it down as an undisputed
fact, that, as we^re in debt and spending more
than our income, and as our income is derived
principally from the tariff, we have to do one of
three things: either raise that income, lower our
expenses, or walk into the insolvent court and
file our schedule. I donotthink there is, or ever
was, a political economist on earth who could
deny th^e pt<ipos"H>iis. It is a question, sir,
beyond financial theories and abstiac-
OS! ?Jfri
tioui*.
