86
4PPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Tariff—Public Lands—Pensions—Mr. Vance.
Ho. of Reps.
The doctrine, sir, of a tariff for protection has
been pretty generally abandoned in the section
from which I come; and it may not be amiss, per-
haps, to say here, that one great cause of that
doctrine being Abandoned by my constituents,
who once held it, was, thatthosevery men whose
interest and institutions, from a spirit of national
pride, we were upholding and protecting, became
in time the deadliest enemies to our institutions
and to our interest. And it must be remembered,
too, that at the time the doctrine of a protective
tariff prevailed among'my constituents, our na-
tional expenditures scarcely exceeded twenty
million dollais per annum; and therefore the inci-
dental protection afforded amounted to scarcely
anything, and made the necessity for protection
obvious. But now that we have to raise from
eighty to one hundred million dollars per annum,
principally by duties on importations, the inci-
dental protection afforded becomes so large as
to render direct protection both uncalled for and
unjust.
1 am, therefore, sir, like those I represent, op-
posed to a tariff for protection, both for that rea-
son, and also because it is to the interest of my
section. I place it upon the ground of self-in-
terest frankly, because I do not believe in the
validity of the general rules and deduction which
gentlemen lay down so fluently. To assert that
the only true policy of a nation is free-trade, is
only less absurd than to assert that the nation
should extend protection, universally, to all the
manufactures within its borders. Trade and man-
ufacturing are, I take it, governed and affected
like all other human transactionsiiy the thousand
and one accidents and adventitious circumstances
to which nations, as well as individuals, are sub-
jected. What Adam Smith, and later British poli-
ticians-, may say, in general terms, would iitive
little more application to our condition, than would
the maps and profiles of Professor liache's stir-'
vey applied to the angles and indentations of the
British coast. Even in England, covering not more
territory than the State which I partly represent,
the public sentiment was never a unit on the
tariff question; the manufacturer wanting it laid
heavily upon articles similar to those in which
he dealt, and free-trade as to breadstuffs; while
the agriculturist contended for precisely the re-
verse. What French economists may say, can
have still less bearing on our affairs as there is a
still greater dissimilarity in our condition and
institutions.
How, then, can we lay down a rule for the reg-
ulation of a tariff which shall be general in iis
operation for the best, for a countiy like ours,
stretching, as it does, thiough all the degrees ot an
entire zone; with lmmy thousand miles of coast;
with every variety of soil, climate, anil produc-
tion; and continuing within its borders artisans,
manufacturers, and laborem, of every form, fash-
ion, and profession under the heavens ? There is,
indeed, one general rule, winch, though diverse in
its operation, is yet the same in its applicability
the world over—the univeisal law of self-interest.
And, despite the ingenious theories of politicians,
ns to an enlightened public opinion having fettled
it this way or that, i will venture to say there is
not a civilized nation or community now on earth,
where the manufacturing interest is dominant,
that does nut seek pi otection for its workshops at
the expense of its fields, and vice vena. This,
sir, is another reason why 1 am opposed to a
tariff for protection—that it would build up 1101 th-
crn manufactuies at the expense of southern agri-
culturists. We need no protection for that which'
we raise for market; and that which we have to
buy, we want the fiee markets of the world to
choose from.
But, be this as it may, we must have a revenue
tariff, or resort to dnecttaxation, winch 1 am not
prepared to do. In putting up the rates, then, to
that staudaid, it strikes me that we should en-
deavor, not to protectany man, or set of men; but
to protect the whole body of the people, from
heavy or unequal taxation—for laying a tanl! is,
to some extenl, laying a tax, though not an equal
tax, as many of the States are now doing. The
same principle ought to govern us. The cardinal
doctrine of" the gieatesl good to the greatest num-
ber "ought to l>e our guide in laying these burdens
upon the pevpL. The same caie to make them
bear lightly as possible on the poor, yet without
being unjust to the rich, which has ever been the
ideal of a perfect tax bill, should be observed.
Whilst I do not hold that the interests of the
manufacturer and the consumer are necessarily
and altogether antagonistic, yet to some extent
they certainly are. If, therefore, that class ofour
citizens which produces the raw material of com-
merce, and consumes the manufactured article,
is the larger and more extended interest of the
country, and it most assuredly is; if it numer-
ically and substantially predominates in fact, over
the manufacturing interest, then the genius of
our institutions plainly demands that that pre-
dominance should be felt in the legislation of the
country. I am not for sacrificing a smaller interest
for the sake of a greater, in so many words; but
I believe that all commercial enterprise should be,
in a large degree, self-sustaining; and I cannot
regard the operations of any institution as health-
ful arid vigorous, which flourishes alone by stat-
utory enactments.
But a taiiff for revenue I am in favor of. It is
a necessity at thi3 time, and not an open ques-
tion. If, in nutting up the rates to meet this ne-
cessity, any protection should be incidentally af-
forded to the manufacturing interest, I can see
nothing wrong in it. Indeed, if the rates are fairly
imposed, without making a special discrimination
against all the manufactoiies of the nation, lean-
not see how it is to be avoided, if it were ever so
sinful. We certainly should not be so illiberal j
as to refuse to them that which cannot hurt us,
and which may help them. I certainly am not so
hostile to my own country, or to any portion of
it, as to desire to transfer what little protection is
incidentally afforded by a fairly constituted rev-
enue tariff, from our own manufactures to those of
the British or the French, when my own people
could not be in the least benefited thereby.
As to the manner of levying these duties, I am
constrained to say that I concur with the Presiden t.
I believe that the method recommended by him in
his late message is the best, the simplest, and, in
most cases, the fairest, at once for the merchant,
the consumer, and the Government. A specific
duty on any given article is a steady source of
revenue; it is certain; it cannot be avoided or
circumscribed; anil if any protection arises from
it, it is a home protection, and not a foreign one.
It also puts to rest the difficulty as to home and
foreign valuations, which always arises under the
ad valorem system. That some protection will
be afforded is inevitable, if the duties go up. Mr.
Secretary Cobb says himself that he does not
expect to see a tariff " framed on rigid revenue
piniciplcs;" and both the President and Mr. Cobb
seem t  agree that the duties must go up, or we
[ must borrow more money, which is not, they
; say, desirable. Indeed, the difference would be
| just the interest on the sum total borrowed in
! 'favor of increased duties. I must agree with both
j in this respect, and think it better to bring up the
i tariff at once to a revenue standard and be done
with it, than to keep on glorifying flee trade in
the face of the facts and figures; for, although we
aie told to wait a little longer, to wait until tin-
country has iccovered from the great financial
j crisis which it has so recently undergone, I re-
! gard delay as the more dangerous course. How
; much, indeed, the present low duties have had to
! do in producing this very crisis, is, in my opinion,
! a question open to debate, to say the least of it.
; My own notion is, that California gold, for which
we are not indebted to any kind of tariff, has
alone kept us from calamities compared with
; which our recent troubles were small and insig-
t nificant.
But, although there may bo a difference honestly
! entertained, among gentlemen, as to the best imm-
i ner of regulating the tariff, it seems to me, sir,
j that there can be but one opinion in regard to the
| public lands—that other great source of our rcv-
! enue. I am one of those who believe, Willi (ien-
: eral jackson, that these hinds ought lifit to be
S! made a source of revenue at all. I have a still
II stronger leason for disbelieving in the policy of
| keeping them, both as a source of levenue and
1 as a i.oiruption fund to control the politics of the
j country. I have heietofore acted upon the policy
I of distributing these hinds among the seveial
! States the Union, or their nioceeds, in order
to enable them to erect public works, establish free
schools, and to bear the burdens of general im-
provement within their respective borders. I be-
lieve, if that policy had been adopted at the time it
was first broached, that the wealth and prosperity
of every State in the Union would have been ma-
terially enhanced, and the country saved from
much wrangling and bitterness, from many mon-
strous frauds and gigantic swindles.
But this policy was withstood by the Demo-
cratic party, which, at a very early period, took
ground against distribution, and declared that
these lands ought to be held as a source of reve-
nue, the proceeds poured into the public Treas-
ury, and applied to defraying the public expenses,
and would thus best mure to the use and ben-
efit of the people. That party prevailed; and al-
though under that disposition of the public lands,
Virginia, North Carolina, and Georgia, which
ceded their lands to the Government, until the
lands thus ceded were all sold, continued, in re-
ality, to pay five times more than their propor-
tionable share of the public taxes; yet the public
was everywhere met with praises of the justice
and equality, as well as economy, of the system.
From that time down to the last convention, which
assembled at Cincinnati in 185(i, every neighbor-
hood, county, district, State, and national con-
vention, so far as my recollection now extends,
pledged the party, in the face of the nation, to
oppose the distribution of these public lands,
whether among States, corporations, or individ-
uals; and saying that they ought to be applied to
the use of the General Government, to relieve the
people of taxation, and for no other purpose
whatever. Nay, sir, the favorite term of expres-
sion was, that the proceeds of these lands ought
to be sacredly applied" to these purposes, thus
giving a kind of religious sanction to the .sincer-
ity of the promise. When the advocates of dis-
tribution, defeated in so many struggles, had come
almost to despair of obtaining their object, I, for
one, felt that we were well consoled by being able
to fall back upon these oft-repeated promises. I
was cheered by the thought, that if we could not
gel a fair and equal distribution, we knew at least
that the proceeds of the land sales were well dis-
posed of; that they were " sacredly applied " to
the general charge and expenditure. But, sir, even
that consolation is taken away from me, and the
actual reality stares us in the face.
During the last session of Congress, acting in
obedience to a resolution, the Secretary of the In-
terior transmitted a report in brief, to the House,
setting forth the number of acres disposed of, and
for what purposes, since the inauguration of the
present system. By that report it appears that
(I quote from memoiy) about one hundred and
twenty-nine million acres have been sold, and the
proceeds applied (whether sacredly or not, we
cannot now tell) to the public expenses; whilst,
during the same period, there have been " sacred-
ly" given away and squandered about two hun-
dred and ten million acres! And this exclusive
of military grants amounting to some forty-four
millions! Some millions are given to build the
magnificent railroad system of Illinois, which
cannot be fairly construed to come under the head
of " general charge and expenditure;" some mil-
lions moie are handed over to Minnesota, to Iowa,
to Wisconsin, and other noi thwestern States for
railroads, schools, public buildings, and so on.
What construction other gentlemen may put on
this, I am unable to say; but, in my opinion, the
giving away of the common pioperty to free
States, to support, those public burdens which my
constituents have to pay outof their own pockets,
is neither a part of the expenses of the Geneial
Government proper, nor is the object very sacred.
To avoid tediousness I shall not enumerate the
various States that have shared this public spoil,
both North and South, or recite the various grants
so sacredly donated to corporations and compa-
nies. They will all be found grouped over the
sum total of two bundled and ten millions in the
repoi t referred to.
Is there any prospect of the evil being stopped?
Why, sir, 1 was perfectly astounded to learn the
number of bills now before the House for giving
away lands. I sat in my place in this Hall, and
heard the other day bills enough introduced to
cover, as I thought, all the vacant lands on the
