70S
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
But, sir, I have an objection to the message,
stronger, to my mind, than any I have glanced
at; and that is iis utter lack of fairness and man-
liness. Its manifest attempt to pander to every
sectional and factional feeling in the country. To
the advocates of protection it holds out the bland-
ishments of a tariff, and puts the great free-trade
party of the Union upon the broad Whig doctrine
of " specific duties." To the reformer, the Presi-
dent talks of retrenchment,at the same time asking
that |30,000,000 may be placed in his hands, and
subject to his discretion, with which to begin the
reform, which will only be made perfect by bid-
ing or taking all thatadjoins us by land or is near
us in the ocean, at an expense of untold millions.
To the opponents of human slavery, he points to
the acquisition of Cuba as a sure and certain
means of accomplishing their long-deferred -pur-
pose of wholly stopping the slave trade; while the
advocate of slavery can find in that same great
project, and its yoke-fellow of Mexico, his long
coveted extension of slave territory. To the great
class of" manifest-destiny" men, the realization
of the great44 Monroe doctrine" (whatever that
may be) in full and perfect operation; and to the
restless spirits of our country , and filibusters gen-
erally, that " good time coming" for which they
have hoped and prayed, but hardly dared expect.
To the Army and Navy, all the 44 pomp and cir-
cumstance of glorious war," not forgetting, how-
ever,the assurance to the peacefully inclined—and
to Spain, Mexico, and Central America, in partic-
ular—that the policy and intentions of this coun-
try are all of a pacific and friendly charactei; and
finally, to our citizens upon the 41 Pacific slope,"
that we should immediately open avenues to them
through our own territory and through that of our
neighbors.
Sir, a message that thus rubs up to brightness
every pimple of prejudice and excitement, and
strings together incungiuous and inconsistent
promises and recommendations, can have but one
object; and that, I think, can be none other than
to collect together under 44 different and dissimi-
lar banners," to use the metaphor of my colleague,
[Mr. Thompson,] an army which, if not quite
equal to the conquestof Cuba, Mexico, and Cen-
tral America, shall at least be equal to the great
campaign of i860. And what an army it will be,
when free traders and protectionists, the oppo-
nents of slavery and the blavery extensiomst,
the peace society and the men of war, the con-
servative and the fillibuster, and the economist
and the hunter of spoils, shall gather with their
44 dissimilar banners "under the broad Hag of the
Administration Democracy. Sir, as this is the
first message of its kind, I am sure that all well-
wishers of our country and our country's honor
will join m the hope that it may be the last; and
that this Administration of extravagance, bank-
ruptcy, broken pledges,and fillibustei ing projects,
may receive, at the hands of the people, that jus-
tice it has so richly earned. I shall gladly vote
against the several projects lecommeruled, in the
order in which they reach us.
The severe criticisms of the European press on
these remarkable projects, were doubtless made
upon the presumption that the President meant
what he said, and in that view are both natural
and just. But does any member of this body be-
lieve that the President expects to either buy or
take Cuba r That he expects us, for that purpose,
to place $30,000,000 in his hands? That he ex-
pects to take armed occupation of Mexico and
Central America ? And yet honorable gentlemen,
day after day, give us speeches, as though all
these matters were foregone conclusions. The
gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Anderson,] the
other day, told us that these projects were not
only feasible, but, as I understood him, were
matters of "inevitable destiny," which it was
useless to resist. The honorable member from
Ohio [Mr. Cox] found Cuba iiteially flowing
"with bread and molasses; and its acquisition must
of necessity prove acceptable to the people of
Ohio. The speech ofthe eloquentgentleman from
Tennessee [Mr. Avert] was a whole epic in
praise of the charms of Cuba, arriving at the con-
clusion that she had so many desirable lesources,
and such great wealth, that we could well afford
to take her; while we must take Mexico for ex-
actly the opposite teasoii, namely  because she
had nothing to pay her debts, and was wholly
unable to take care of herself: while thp other
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Atkins,] who
looked upon slavery as the greatest civilizing and
Christianizing institution in the world, did not
believe we could get Cuba. Well, sir, 1 trust if
these speeches do not serve to induce Cuba and
Mexico to rush to our arms, they will at least
show to the constituencies of these gentlemen
their fervor in support of the President, and their
unquestioned desire to raise new issues, which
shall obliterate from the public mind the recollec-
tion of old ones; and that, I trust, is the extent
of their expectations, or of the President's.
But, sir. these recommendations upon the part
of the President, and the sanction which they
seem to find in this House and in the Senate, not
only create a restlessness on the part of our own
people, but they are looked upon as insulting to
the other nations interested; and for whatever
purpose intended may yet cost this Government
untold millions of money and hundreds of thou-
sands of valuable lives. When we get Cuba with-
out these results, it will be after we can show a
better reason for it than simply that it is a rich
island which it would be convenient for us to
have. Sir, you need only refer to the manner in
which England and France met that same argu-
ment when offered by Russia in reference to Tur-
key, to read the inevitable result of this matter if
seriously insisted upon—a result which, if it
serves no other purpose, may undeceive us as to
the extent of our power to trample upon the
rights of our neighbors.
We are strong, we are prosperous, as we are.
Why can we not be content with the full meas-
ure of our blessings, and not seek to interfere
with the rights and blessings of other nations,
whether they be greater or less than our own?
GOVERNMENT EXPENDITURES.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. Mr. Chairman,
an empty Treasury always begets discussion in
reference to the expenditures of the Government,
and the mode of raising revenue; and the various
opinions entertained upon these subjects by the
people's Representatives are amusing as well as
instructive. The scrutinizing gentleman from
Alabama [Mr. CuiuiyJ wants a poor Govern-
ment; my worthy colleague [Mr. Jones] weeps
over the empty exchequer, and, no doubt, thinks
our Government a failure; while the senior gen-
tleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston,] is horri-
fied at the idea of paying bounties to the cod-fish-
ermen of the East. But, sir, it was reserved to
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] to make
himself the Ogle of the House, and to carry us
back in imagination to the days when gold spoons
and foiks, and 44 looking glasses as big as a poor
man's plantation" were the most effective argu-
ments for a change in the administration of the
Government.
That discussion upon the subjects to which I
have alluded are legitimate, no one will deny; and
that it is profitable to the country, when properly
conducted, no one will question. When,however,
it is resorted to for party purposes; when it de-
generates into one-sided statements, bold asser-
tions, egregious miscalculations,and false predic-
tions, it is calculated to mislead the public mind,
and to do great injustice to eveiy depaitinent of
the Government—the legislative as well as the
executive. Such is the character of the speech of
the gentleman from Ohio delivered in this House
on the^Gth day of May last, and but little more
than a month before the close of the fiscal year
1857. As that gentleman has taken the lead in
this matter, both at the last and the present ses-
sion of Congress, 1 propose to examine briefly
some of his calculations and predictions, that tins
House and the country may judge as to the reli-
ance to be placed upon his figuies in reference to
the expenditures of the Government. In the
speccb to which 1 have referred, after adverting
to the $20,000,000 of Treasury notes previously
issued,and the$15,000,000loan (afterwards raised
to $23,000,000) asked for by the Secretary of the
Treasury, the gentleman said:
" f can riemonsttate to smv sensible man that the Secre-
tary of the Tieasury will be'compellrd to call on Congress
foi $42,000,000 to supply dcfieieneiys in the n*iXt fiscal year.
Totharwill have to be added .521,000,000 to redeem the
outstanding TieaMiry notes, and interest, which run for hut
one year. So that iheie will be an addition to the national
debt of $63,000,000 m two years."
The first paragraph I have read would make the
impression, if not so intended, that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury would he compelled to call for
$42,000,000, in addition to what had already been
called for, to supply deficiencies in the revenue
for the present fiscal year. Put, however, the best
construction upon it for the gentleman from Ohio,
and include in the $42,000,0 -0 the $20,000,000 pre-
viously asked for and subsequently granted, and-
he makes a mistake of $21,000,000 in estimating
the deficiencies in the revenue for a single fiscal'
year. Sir, not one dollar has been asked for, at
this session of Congress, to supply deficiencies in
the revenue for the present year. Nor will there
be a dollar asked for for any such purpose. I have
before me the report of the Secretary of the Tieas-
ury to the present session of Congress; and so far
from stating any deficiency in the means of the
Government for this year, he states (on page 3)
that there will be a balance in the Treasury on
the 1st day of July, 1859, of $7,003,298 57. Such
gross mistakes as this throw suspicion over all the
gentleman's figures. But this is not all. After
satisfying himself with his estimates of deficien-
cies in the revenuefha next tries his hand in esti-
mating the deficiencies in appropriations for the
present fiscal year. He says:
" Bv the anmnl estimate of the Secretary of the Tre^-
ury, the expenditure*? for that year would by $74.064,75s.
But this does not include many items, most of which wtii
have to be paid for as certainly as Hie President's salary.
Some are as follows :
Three new repimcnts  $4,259,547
Probable Po*t Office deficiencies, over amount
appropriated  2,5 0,000
Public buildups  1.70(i,0()i)
Private bilt«, (estimated)  1,000.000
Priming deficiency  '600.000
Army deficiency, estimated to be the same as last
year *.  8,000.000
Total §18,089,557
Based upon these figures, the gentleman esti-
mates that the expenses of the Government for
the present fiscal year will, " in all human prob-
ability, be from ninety to one hundred million
dollars." Sir, no deficiency bill has yet been in-
troduced, nor has any been called for by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, except for the Post Office
Department. I can also state, from information
derived from the proper source, that much less
than one million will cover all the deficiencies in
appropriations for the present fiscal year, except
in the revenue of the Department before referred
to. Here again, then, the gentleman is equally
as unfortunate as in his first calculation. He
makes a mistake of §14,500,000 in deficiencies in
appropriations for a single fiscal year. These
statements have gone to the country, and it is
proper that their fallacy should also go to the
country. I here dismiss the gentleman from Ohio,
with the remaik that he had better study more
thoroughly the rule of " position," before he again
attempts to figure up expenditures for a Demo-
cratic Administration.
The embarrassed condition of the Treasury is
no fault ofthe present or past Administration. It
has been so before, and the causes which pro-
duced it then have produced like results now. In
1836, when the country was prosperous, and busi-
ness, tiade, and speculation had leached their
culminating point, the imports from foreign coun-
tries, from which we derive most of our revenue,
were, in value, $189,980,035. This furnished an
ample amount of revenue to defray the expenses
of the Government, and leave a surplus in the
Treasury. In 1837, the country was visited by a
monetary crisis which caused the importations to
fall off $49,000,000 in that year. And in 1838, the
imports were $76,23(5,631 less than in 1836. As
the imports decreased so did the revenue. The
Treasury was depleted, and the Government was
compelled to borrow money to carry on its oper-
ations. A similar state of things now exists.
When the present Administration came into
power there was a surplus in the Treasury, to
reduce which Congress, a few days before, had
reduced the tariff. Trade and speculation had
again reached their highest point. Another finan-
cial revulsion came upon the country; business was
to a great extent suspended; a large number of the
banks broke, and the balance stopped payment.
Under those circumstanccs the imports from for-
eign countries fell off in a single year $78,276,991.
The surplus in the Treasury soon disappeared,
under the double effect of a reduced tariff and
largely reduced importations, and again the Gov-
ernment was under the necessity of borrowing
