1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
money to defray its legitimate expenses. What
statesman can say this was die fault of the Ad-
ministiation? The tariff was reduced before it had
ail existence, and no human power could have
prevented the reduction of imports into the coun-
try.. -
Economy in thepjiblicexpehditures has, o'flate
days,.become af^voritje hobby with a certain class
of .politicians in tjiis country; and, in a majority
of cases, those who'talk economy most, practice
it feast, Invidious comparisons have been insti-
tuted between us and our fathers on this subject,
jsmd beiween.the expenditures of the Government
now and in the early days of the Republic. Sir,
while I am in favor ofstncteconomy and account-
ability in every department of the Government,
yet I would strike down no arm of the public
service, that I might go home and tell my constit-
uents that I had, by my vote, saved so much of
the people's money. There is no branch of the
public service that can be dispensed with; neither
do I expect to be able to support a grown-up man
as cheaply as a new-born infant. I intend to show,'
not in the spirit of egotism, but in vindication of
the truth of history, that, as a people, we are as
wise, as honest, and as economical as were our
fathers. Sir, we have lived to but little purpose
if we have degenerated either as a people or as a
nation. There are, uo doubt, plenty of corrupt
men; but I hope the time may never come when
I shall be made to believe that this Government
is corrupt, either in-the legislative, executive, or
judicial department.
And here, Mr. Chairman, I must take occasion
to observe, that I am not one of those who believe
that all that is in the past is good, and all in the
present is evil—that as we go forward decay
progresses, and as we turn back, we are then, and
then only, refreshed with wide-spread examples
of purity, integrity, and patriotism; and the whole
body-politic leavened with a spirit of both public
and private economy. From the early days of
Greece and Rome, down to the times in which
we now live, it has been the practice of croakers
in private, and demagogues in public, to revile
and belittle cotemporaneoua men and things, by
insulting comparisons with the exaggerated past.
We are told by Englishmen of the good old days
of Glueen Bess—those good old days when men
and women were burned at the stake, for using
their tongues too freely. Of the palmy days of
England under the Georges—those palmy days
when Prime Ministers stood at the doors of the
House of Commons, with money in hand, openly
and unblushingly purchasing the votes of mem-
bers. The truth is, human nature is the same
now as it was at the commencement of the world
—only to be restrained, influenced, and improved
by wise teachings, good examples, and the light
of our Gospel revelations. We had Judas Isca-
riot in the time, of our Savior, and Benedict
Arnold in the time of our own glorious Revo-
lution; but neither the betrayal of the one nor
the perfidy of the other interrupted the march of
Christianity, or th? spread of free principles and
free institutions. I believe that as a people, we
are just as honest, jupt as economical, just as pa-
triotic, and fully as wise, as the people who sent
their representatives to the first-Continental Con-
gress. I say that w.e are as wise as our fathers
and grandfathers; and we ought to be wiser, be-
cause we have the benefitof their experience, with
our own added to it. I believe that we are living
in an age of wholesome and substantial progress;
progress untainted by that corruption which
many of our journalists and public men would
have us believe pervades every branch of our
Federal and State Governments. I believe that
we are quite as good and know as much as the
men of those times which members on this floor
are so fond of reverting to; and which-have been
reverted to during the last live thousand years by
succeeding generations in; reference to preceding
ones. Fifty years ago, Rev. Sydney Smith wrote:
" All this cant, then, about our ancestors, is merely an
abuse of words, by transferring phrases true of cotempn-
rary men to succeeding ages. Whereas, of hvmg rneu the
oldest has .the most experience ; of generations the oldest
has the least experience. Our ancestors, up to the con-
quest, were children in arms; chubby boys in the tune of
Edward I.; striplings under Elizabeth ; men m the reign of
Uueen Anne ; and we only are the wllite-bearded, silvvr-
headed ancients who have treasured up, arid are prepared
to profit by, all the experience which human life can sup-
ply."
It was well said in a report made to this House
at the last session of Congress., by the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. BorcE,] that •' the
United States have made the most astonishing
advancement in material progress of all the peo-
ple in history,- ancient or modern." The true
basis of expenditure in our Government is popu-
lation, extent of country, and wealth; and,when
you compare,these now with the year 1800,, you
will find that the Government is as economically
administered at this time as it was at that period.
To prove this, -I have only to institute a compar-
ison between those two periods, and let the House
and the country judge for themselves:
The population of the United States in 1800 was, .5,305,941
Value of" real and personal estate belonging
to individuals $1,526,455,250
Extent of teiritory, (square miles)  754,00?
The expendituies, exclusive of the public
debt, were  $7,411,369 97
The population of the United States in 1859
was  38,500,000
The value of real and personal estale be-
longing to individuals $11,500,000,000
Extent of territory, (square miles)  2,637,755
The expenditures for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1859,as estimated by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury  $74,065,896 99
This shows an increase in the expenditures,
from 1800 to 1859, exclusive of payments on the
public debt, of 1010 percent.; increase in popula-
tion of 650 per cent.; increase in wealth, 760 per
cent.; increase in extentof territory, 310 per cent.
These are the three principal elements which
constitute the basis of expenditure; but to them
may be added the increase of 100 per cent., at
least, in almost every article of subsistence, which
has caused a like increase in the wages of" labor,
and of the salaries of all the officers, men, and
laborers engaged in the public service.
In 1800 our territory was small, being only seven
hundred and fifty-four thousand and seven square
miles. In 1803, we acquired Louisiana, with a
territory stretching across the Rocky Mountains
to the Pacific ocean. This territory was inhab-
ited by savages, whose usufruct right to the land
had to be extinguished before it could be settled
by the white man. In 181(5, we acquired Florida,
and took it with all its responsibilities, its claims,
and its hostile Indians. In 1845, we annexed
Texas, taking in at once a whole Republic as large
nearly as the original thirteen States, with its
debts, its liabilities, and its hostile savages. In
1848, we acquired New Mexico and California;
and in 1854, we purchased the Mesilla valley, or
what is now called Arizona. By these acquisi-
tions, we have now one hundred and seventy-five
distinct tribes or bands of Indians in the United
States. The amount of land to which the occu-
pant or usufruct right of these Indians has been
extinguished by the Government, is five hundred
and eighty-one million one hundred and sixty-
three thousand one hundred and eigbty-eightacres,
at a cost of $49,816,344. The whole cost of the
Indian bureau in 1800 was $31 2£, and it did not
reach $200,000 until the year 1815. During the
year ending 30th June, 1859, it was §2,659,389.
These expenditures may be considered in the
nature of permanent investments, as the Govern-
ment is yearly in the receiptof millionsof dollars
for the sale of those lands to which the Indian
title has been extinguished. The following ta-
bles, which I have had prepared at the General
Land Office, will exhibit another item of largely
increased expenditures, on account of the accu-
mulation of territory, as well as the rapid prog-
ress and development of our country:
1800. 1858.
Areain square milesof theUnited States,754,007 2,637,755
Number of land offices  4 87
Number ol surveyors general's offices.. I 12
Number of acres surveyed from 1800 to 1810,
(estimated)    4,500,000
Number of acres surveyed from 1848 to 1858... 111,711,905
Number of acres sold and located with military
bounty warrants, from 1800 to 1810   2,775,922
Number of acietr sold and located with military
bounty warrants, from 1848 to 1858   90,684,443
In 1800, we had but one territorial government;
while in 1859 we have six, and all dependent on
the Government for support. In 1857, we had
ta support seven territorial governments—more
than half as many as there were original States
of the Union; and now we have three more
knocking at the door of Congress.
I shall speak of other causes of increased ex-
penditure in their proper places.
I have stated the wealth of the country from
the best data that could be obtained; and, as a
consequence of it, aur expprls to, "foreign coun-
tries have increased from 489,000,000, 'ifl.Jrou^tl
numbers, in 1S0Q, to 8362,000,000 in 1557," and
$324,000,000 in 1858. Th'p torinage-bf'the.United
States lias increased, from 972,498 tons,'
t<^ 5,049,808 tons in 1§S8, From lSOO'tpi&K), t%
amount of coinage at the Mint, branch mints, and
assay office,(New York,) wasonly.$6;81ff,807 75.
From 18^8 to i&38it was $512,238,184 91. Take
into consideration, then, the population, extept,
and jveafth of "the country now; the wages of
labpr, and the cost of subsistence; the consequent
increase of the salaries of all .the officers and em-
ployes of every department of the'Crovemmeju,
and compare them with that of 1800; and you will
find that the Government is as economically ad-
ministered in 1859, asit was at .the former period.
Thus far I have spoken of the progress of the
country and of the causes of increased expendi-
ture generally. I will now notice separately the
three Departments of the Government upon which
extravagance is mostly chargcd. I wish my time
would allow me to discuss tliem fully, but it will
not.
And first, the War Department. Our Army,
when filled up, consists of eighteen thousand one
hundred and sixty-five men. There are in actual
service seventeen, thousand four hundred and
ninety-eight men. Upon these troops devolve the
protection of our whole frontier. Almost every
fortification in the East has been abandoned; the
troops have gone to the West. The necessities
of the service have demanded it. They went
there for the purpose of protecting our settlers
upon the frontiers, and to quell a formidable re-
bellion which occurred in the Territory of IJ-tah.
I know that the expenses of the Army have in-
creased, but why have they increased ? The cost
of the Army is well defined when it is stationary,
becausc the pay of the men is fixed |iy law, their
rations are fixed by law, and almost every item
of expenditure is regulated by law for the main-
tenance of the Army when not in motion. But,
sir, (lie great item of the increased expenditure of
our Army is that for transportation. -That in-
crease has gone up, within the last two years, _
millions of dollars. Previous to that time, we had,'
it is true, some hostile Indians upon the frontier;
but a large portion of the Army was then in our
barracks along the Atlantic coast. Upon the break-
ing out of Indian hostilities in Oregon, in Wash-
ington, in New Mexico, and in Texas, a large
portion of our Army was ordered there. Moi^e
than a year ago a formidable and dangerous rebel-
lion threatened us in Utah, which took the whole
body of our troops to the plains, except as many
as were required to take care of the Government
ptoperty at the deserted barracks.
In supporting this army every gentleman who
is at all acquainted with that country knows the
difficulties that had to be encountered. You have
to haul the entire subsistence a ihousand miles;
you had to keep your army in the fastnesses of
the Rocky Mountains in the winter, in. order to
be ready for the spring campaign. It must be sup-
plied from the settlements. There are now in ac-
tive service on the plains, about eleven thousand
men, the subsistence for which has to be brought
either from the Pacific or from the Mississippi val-
ley. This transportation costs large sums of money.
A little over a year ago the army was ordered to
Utah, without a dollar of money in the quarter-
master's or in the commissary's chest. Congress
was in session for three months before they fur-
nished the Secretary of War with the necessary
means for transportation. Under these circum-
stances, provisions'^nd transportation naturally
cost higher than if they had had the 'money in
hand. But, after the passage ofthe deficiency bill,
I venture to say, there has not a contract been
made for subsistence or transportation, or for any
expense in the quartermaster's department that
would not, so far as prices are concerned, com-
mand the approval ofevery member of this House.
Thus, sir, however much the march of the army
to this wilderness country may have increased
the expenditures, it did not cost too much; it did
not cost more than was necessary. We have now
Inc;an hostilities from the Britisfi possessions on
the Pacific to Texas,and even extending to the pen-
insula of Florida. This army is scattered all along
the frontier to protect our people. A large por-
tion of the troops.ht^ve remained in the- rebellious
