710
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 31,
Territory of Utah, to suppress insurrection in that
Territory, if it shall again break out. The War
Department and the Government labored under
great embarrassment in reference to the difficul-
ties in Utah for want of means, which Congress
for some time denied them; it was important that
the insurrection should be stopped promptly.
But for the prompt action of the Government, that
rebellion would have been now in existence, and
have continued for years to come. It has, how-
ever, been ended; but it is not prudent, nor is it
safe, to withdraw the troops. If you were to with-
draw them now the rebellion would again break
out, in perhaps a more threatening aspect than it
did before.
I say there has not been one dollar too much
money expended by the War Department. I
know there are many things included under the
head of appropriations for the War Department
which do not properly belong to it, and in that
way the expenditures of that branch of the service
are swelled up beyond what legitimately belongs
to it. For instance, the construction of the aque-
duct, for bringing water into the city of Wash-
ington, which will cost $3,000,000, has nothing
to do with the Army; and yet, it is placed to the
charge of the War Department. The items of
expense for the construction of public buildings
all over the country, arc charged to the War De-
partment. In this way millions of dollars are
charged to that branch of the service which are
no part of its legitimate expense.
But, Mr. Chairman, I ask how are the expenses
of the War Department to be reduced ? A few
days ago I put that question to a gentleman who
was clamoring for a reduction of the expenses
of the Government. "Reduce your Army ex-
penses," he replied. I asked him hew ? "By
culling in your outposts." We all know the out-
posts are the most expensive posts in the whole
country, because they are the furthest fiom the
settlements. But, I ask, where is the man who
will agree to call in the outposts, and leave to the
merciless tomahawk of the savage, the pioneer
who has gone there to open up the country? I
for one w'lll not consent to do that. I will vote
«an ample amount of money and the requisite num-
ber of men to protect those who go in the van-
guard to subdue the forests und settle up our
country. There is no way then in which you can
reduce the expenditures of the Army without you
call in the outposts. The pay of the men in the
Army, as before remarked, is fixed by law, their
rations are fixed, and when you are compelled to
transport them from place to place, you arc forced
to do it upon such terms as you can get; you
must leave that to the discretion of the Secretary
of War. All these operations have been carried
on under the direction of Major General Jesup,
who, I apprehend, is as wise in that branch of
the public service as any member of this llouae;
and not only so, but he is as honest a man as any
member of cither branch of Congress. It has
been under the supervision of such a man that all
these large expenditures have occurred, and they
have been such only as were demanded by the
exigency of the public service.
Passing from this, I come to the Navy. In
1798, we had a very small Navy; only twelve ves-
sels in all. We had six vessels which had been
constructed by the public, and six which had
been purchased for the public use. In that year
the Secretary of the Navy reported to the House
that, for the maintenance of that Navy, and for
the completion of the vessels then on the stocks,
§2,212,000 would be requited. At that time our
coast was confincd entirely fep the Atlantic, ex-
tending only from Passamaquoddy to St. Mary's;
and the extent of the shore line of the mam land,
measuring the general indentations of bays and
sounds, was two thousand six hundred and forty-
one statute miles. The present shore line of the
UnitedStates,includingtlie western coast,is seven
thousand and sixty-four miles; and we have now,
in all, eighty-eight vessels. We have nearly half
as many squadrons now as we had vessels in
1798. We have built more vessels since I have
been a member of Congress than constituted our
whole Navy at that early day. Our Navy now
whitens almost every sea; and it is the only arm
of the service by which the power of the nation
can be felt abroad. Will any gentleman here say
it is too large ? I apprehend not. They would
rather say, from experience, that it is too small.
Only a short time since, under a resolution of
Congress, the President sent a fleet to demand
satisfaction for injuries done to our citizens by
one of the weakest Powers upon the globe. So
far was our Navy from being adequate to that
service, that the President had not vessels to send,
and he had to turn the Navy Department into a
charter party, and charter a number of vessels
for the Paraguay expedition.
The pay of the officers of the Navy, seamen,
and marines, is fixed by law. To maintain a
man-of-war at sea, the Secretary of the Navy, in
1798, reported to Congress that it would require
more than two hundred thousand dollars a year.
We have now eight navy-yards, and eighty-eight
vessels. The pay, as 1 say, of the officers and
men is fixed by law, so that not a dollar can be
deducted from that expense; and where, I ask
you, are you going to save money in reducing the
expenditures of the Navy Department ? Will you
doit by refusing to vote a sufficient supply to carry
on the navy-yards? If you do that you might
just as well bring home your vessels and tie them
up; and say you will have no Navy. Two million
dollars are now asked for the support of these
navy-yards. I need not tell you what is the busi-
ness of those navy-yards. They arc the ground-
work of the whole Navy. Refuse to furnish them
means, and you must tie up your ships, because
they must be repaired, and they must have the
material which is requisite to sustain them when
they are at sea. All those things arc constructed
at the navy-yards The whole of those eighty-
eight vessels are now at sea, and in active service,
with the exception of those now upon the stocks
and a few leceiving ships; and so far from deduct-
ing from them we ought to add to them, because
the Navy is not now strong enough.
In the present condition of the world, with the
unsettled condition of Europe and European dy-
nasties, we know not what day we may be pre-
cipitated into war upon the high seas; and if we
have not vessels enough now to demand satisfac-
tion of one of the weakest Powers upon the globe
for injuries done our citizens, 1 ask what our con-
dition would be if we had to meet the combined
navies of England and France ? Our Navy is not
as largo as that of Brazil, and you cannot reduce
it. Every dollar you refuse to furnish to the
Navy below what is necessary, you take that
much labor from the Navy, and that much mate-
rial which you have to make up in after days by
an appropriation three-fold greater than if you
make it now.
I do not believe, then, that the expenses of the
War Department, or the expenses of the Navy
Department, arc more than commensurate to the
demands and requirements of the public service.
I cannot see, at this time, how less than two mil-
lion dollars will answer the wants of the service
in the eight navy-yards in the United States. If
you reduce it below what is necessary, you only
lay the foundation for a larger appropriation at
some future day. There is no economy in refus-
ing necessary appropriations. Keep up your
navy-yards, and keep your vessels in good repair;
and you will not only give efficiency to the ser-
vice, but you will save money to the Govern-
ment.
And now as to the Post Office Department.
Our postal system dates from 1775, when Dr.
Benjamin Franklin was elected Postmaster Gen-
eral by the colonial Congress, then in session at
Philadelphia. When the present Government
went into operation, in 1789, William Osgood, of
Massachusetts, was appointed Postmaster Gen-
eral by General Washington. There were, then,
seventy-five post offices m the United States, and
about two thousand miles of post road. There
was one main line from Wiscasset, in Maine, to
Savannah, in Georgia, with about ten cross lines
towards the western country. From time to time,
Congress has increased the post roads in the Uni-
ted States, until the number of post offices on the
1st of December, 1858, was twenty-eight thou-
sand five hundred and seventy-three; of mail
routes, eight thousand two hundred and ninety-
six; and the length of post roads, two hundred
and sixty thousand six hundred and three miles.
Our postal system has grown up like magic; and
I may say, too, that in its rise, its progress, and
its expansion, has furnished to the people of this
country as much solid comfort and advantage as
any other Department of the Government. Gen-
tlemen charge extravagance upon the Post Office
Department; and yet see, at every session of Con-
gress, from one hundred to one thousand addi-
tional mail routes created, which must increase
largely the expenses of the Department. They
allow those new mail routes to be established
without making any objection; and yet upon
those routes the Postmaster General is bound to
put mail service. These routes are established
without regard to the cost of the service; and the
action of Congress is an instruction to the Post-
master General. He has no discretion; he is
bound to put the service upon those routes. We
have, I have said, two hundred and sixty thou-
sand six hundred and three miles of post roads
established by Congress; and on the 1st day of
January, 1859, there were in operation, in the
United States, twenty-seven thousand eight hun-
dred and fifty-seven miles of railroad, the cost of
which was $961,047,364.
This is another great fact to show the rapid prog-
ress of our country, its advancement in wealth,
power and everything that can minister to the
physical or intellectual comfort of man. Your
mails are carried on these railroads, which gives
to them such accelcrated speed as to almost anni-
hilate space, and enables the remotest parts of
our country, in a few hours, or a few days, to
communicate with the capital of the nation.
This has grown up within the last few years,
and, as a matter of course, the expenses have
largely increased. Whenever Congress establishes
anew mail route, it must increase the expenses
still more. Again, sir, the cost of everything has
gone up. At the last lettings I had occasion to
examine the bids, because they covered my sec-
tion of the country, and I know that they were
from fifty to one hundred per cent, higher, upon
an average, than they were four years before,
when I first came to Congress.
Sir, I would not countenance a useless expend-
iture of money by any Department of the Gov-
ernment; but, when properly expended, I would
as soon vote money out of the public Treasury for
the Post Office Department, as for the civil list,
the Army, or the Navy. It comes more directly
in contact with the people than any other branch
of the Government. It is through that Depart-
ment all your correspondence, public and private,
business and social, must pass; and he who re-
ceives or sends but half a dozen letters a year
appreciates the convenience as highly as the mer-
chant who sends and receives his thousands.
Every man is willing to bear his part of the ex-
pense, because the comfort and convenience de-
rived from it, seen and felt almost every day, are
invaluable. I have no hesitation in saying, then,
that while the Government reserves to itself the
exclusive right of carrying the mail, and refuses
to allow individuals to do it, 1 would have suffi-
cient mail service to supply the whole country, if
every dollar of the cost had to come from the
public Treasury.
But Congress goes on, from time to time, to
establish overland mail routes, steamship lines,
and mail routes upon rivers which now are of
very little use. They require the Postmaster Gen-
eral to put service upon them; and then, when an
appropriation bill comes up, gentlemen i*ise and
attack the Postmaster General, because the ex-
penses are too high. Why did Congress pass a
bill establishing a post road from the Mississippi
river to the Pacific ocean? That was done the
last day of the session, previous to the incoming
of the present Administration. Neither this
Congress nor this Administration had anything
to do with the establishment of the overland mail
route to California. If they had had, judging
from the past, it would not have been established
At the last session of Congress, a resolution was
passed by both Houses establishing another over-
land mail route from St. Joseph, in Missouri; and
but for the veto of the President, would have be-
come a law.
If you want to reduce the expenses of the Post
Office Department, you must repeal your laws
establishing the several overland mail routes—-ay,
sir, and you must stop authorizing these steam-
ship lines. You must place these lines upon the
same footing with the mail service upon the land,
and let out the contracts to the lowest bidder. If
you will do that, stop the steamboat lines where
they are unnecessary, and act upon the Post-
master General's recommendation to give the
