1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
carriage of the mail upon land and'upon sea to
the lowest bidder, without regard to the carry-
ing of passengers, I am of the opinion that,' in
five years, with the present postage, the Post
Office Department will be self-sustaining. It has
Hot had a fair trial.- It has had cirowded upon it
railway carriage at enormous prices. There, too,
I would interfere, and fix a reasonable maximum
price for carrying the mail. If a*reasonable price
were settled upon', I have no doubt it would be
acquiesced in by these companies. With these
reforms, sir, the Department can be made self-
sustaining without the increase of postage, or the
abolition of the franking privilege.
I need not speak of the present head of the Post
Office Department. I did-not come here to de-
fend him. He needs no defense. One thing, how-
ever, he has done which has not been done here-
tofore. He has gone beyond the railroads and
the big steamships. He has, sir, furnished the
country proper, the hills and the valleys, with
mail service, to which they were entitled, but
which had heretofore been obstinately denied
them. For this he is entitled to credit.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if we want to reducethe
expenditures of the Government, let us go to work
and do something of the kind that 1 have indi-
cated. Let us repeal these laws which render it
necessary to makeuselessexpenditures; which re-
quire the erection* of useless public buildings, on
which millions of dollars are thrown away annu-
ally. Let us repeal the laws establishing overland
mail routes and steamship lines, and we can save
millions in that way. Let us try, at every other
point, to reduce the expenditures of the Govern-
ment before we call home the ships that protect
our commerce on every sea and our citizens in
every clime; or before we call in our vutposls and
leave the people on the frontier to the mercy of
hostile savages.
It has not been my purpose, Mr. Chairman, in
the remarks I have submitted, to show that the
expenses of the Government cannot be reduced;
but first, that for the last half century they have
not more than kept pace with the growth, expan-
sion, wealth, and population of the country. And
secondly, that they have not exceeded the neces-
sities of the public service, as now organized by
law. If, then, too much money has been expend-
ed, upon whom rests the responsibility? I an-
swer, upon Congress, and not upon the Adminis-
tration.
Sir, during the last Congress there were one hun-
dred and ninety distinct items of appropriations
made; which were not asked for or recommended
by any Executive Department of the Government,
amounting in all to $11,489,779 99. And at the
last session of Congress, we all remember that
$5,000,000 had to be added to the loan bill, to
meet appropriations notaslccd for or contemplated
by the Executive. Yet, gentlemen complain of the
extravagance of the Administration. Nay, more,
sir. These gentlpmen, who complain so much
about extravagance, make no move to repeal the
Jaws, to execute which the appropriations are
made. Let them commence reform in the right
way, by a repeal of those laws requiring unneces-
sary appropriations, and not defeat the appro-
priation bills, and leave the law remaining on the
statute-book unexecuted. I ask you, is it states-
manlike ? Is it just forgentlemen.to sit here from
Congress to Congress and wait, at each session,
for the appropriation bills to come up, and then
defeat them, to exhibit their economizing spirit
to the world, and particularly to their constitu-
ents? While I am here, I expect to vote such ap-
propriations as are required by existing law and
as the requirements of the public service demand;
and leave my constituents to settle the question
as to whether I am right or wrong.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PEYTON moved that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Millson hav-
ing taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Mr.
Burnett reported that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union had had under
consideration the state of the Union generally,
and particularly the President's annual message,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. PEYTON, (at
nine o'clock and five minutes, p. m,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.'
Tuesday, February 1, 1859.,
Prayer by.Rev. SmitiiPyne, D. D.
The Journal of y es terday was read and appro ved.
enrolled Blfo signed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the len-
rolled bill (H.iR. No.. 540) to .provide for the
lighting with gas certain streets across the mall,
which had heretofore received the signature of
the Speaker of the House of Representatives.
executive.communications.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report from the Secretary ofWar, com-
municating, in compliance with the eleventh sec-
tion of the act of the 26th of August, 1842, and a
resolution of the House of Representatives of 13th
January, 1846, a list of clerks and other persons
employed in that Department, officers of the
Army excepted, during the year 1858; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating in obedience
to law, a statement, showing the expenditures
for contingencies of the military establishment,
during the year 1858; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Commissioner of Patents communicating, in obe-
dience to law, the annual report of that office for
the year 1858; which, on motion of Mr. Seward,
was ordered to lie on the table; and a motion by
him to print it was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented the
petition of James G. Clarke, praying compensa-
tion for services as United States charge d'af-
faires, in Belgium, from September 24, 1856, to
September 27, 1858; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HUNTER presented the memorialofPryor
& Heiss, proprietors of The States, praying that
steps be taken to enforce the provisions of the act
of 3d March, 1845, in relation to the publication
of proposals for contracts; which was referred to
the Committee on the Judicial y.
Mr. MASON presented the memorial of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Wash-
ington, relative to the extinguishment of the right
of the Hudson's Bay and Puget Sound Agricul-
tural Companies; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of citi-
zens of New York, and a memorial of citizens of
Green Point, Brooklyn, and New York, praying
an appropriation for the construction of earth-
work redoubts for the defense of the city of New
York and its vicinity; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POLK presented a memorial of citizens of
St. Louis, Missouri, praying that the duties on
iron may be made specific, and sufficient to give
protection to that branch of domestic industry;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a petition of citizens
of New Jersey, praying that all further traffic in,
and monopoly of, the public lands may cease,
and that they be laid out in farms or lots for the
free and exclusive use of actual settlers; which
was referred to the Committee.on Public Lands.
Mr. HALE presented a memorial of citizens
of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, praying that
the pay of the officers of the Navy may be in-
creased; which was ordered to lie on the table.
He also presented the petition of Daniel R. Ken-
ney, a soldier of the war with Mexico, praying
to be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Jonathan Wig-
gin, praying a pension for an injury received in
the naval service; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. FOOT presented the memorial of Myron
H. Clark, president, Jason R. Orton, secretary,'
and John Beeson, chairman of the executive com-
mittee of the board of the American Indian Aid
Association of New York, praying Congress not
to organize any more Territories from the public
domain, until the Indian tribes therein are con-
sulted, and their wishes ascertained as to what
fiortiows of those domains they are wjliing.to re-
inquish, and what they may need to retain for
their own accommodation; arid, also that that as-
sociation be charged: by Congress to negotiate
with the Indians5 in this respect, andthat Con-
gress appropriate to said' association'such a sum
of; money as may. be meet and • proper- to aid
it in its general object and efforts to improve the
condition of the Indians; whinh was referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, r:
Mr.iJONES presented a petition of citizens of
Iowa, praying the establishment of a new land
district in the northwestern part of that State;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands. ! ' " •
atrato expedition.
Mr. THOMSON, of New Jersey,.submitted
the following resolution; which, was considered
by unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy he directed to
transmit to the Senate at the earliest day practicable the re-
port of the officer commanding the "'Atrato expedition,"
with an estimate of the amountof excavation required, and
cost of an inter-oceanic ship canal of sufficient widih to
admit of two ships passing each other, and also copies of
liis field notes and other datas. But no information is called
for as to the natural liistory or botanical productions of the
country, it being understood that the objects of the expe-
dition were only those of canal survey.
Mr. GREEN subsequently made a motion to
reconsider the resolution; which was entered.
ARREST OF WILLIAM WALKER.
Mr. SEWARD. I ask leave to submit a joint
resolution, which I give notice 1 shall offer as a
substitute for the resolution which was under con-
sideration yesterday, relating to the case of Com-
modore Hiram Paulding. I ask that it may be
read by its title, and may be printed for the use
of the Senate.
The joint resolution (S. No. 7) in relation to
the arrest of William Walker and his associates
on the coast of Nicaragua, was read by its title,
and ordered to be printed.
ALEXANDER J. ATOCHA.
Mr. SEWARD. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to submit the follow-
ing resolution relating to the case of Alexander
J. Atocha, which resolution simply refers it to
the Court of Claims. I ask the passage of the
resolution at this time;
Resolved., That the memorial of Alexander J. Atocha,
praying the payment of his claim against Mexico under the
treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, of the 2d of February, 1848,
he referred to the United States Court of Claims.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish barely to state, in re-
lation to that subject, that the papers were in-
formally called from the Court of Claims pn the
intimation that the court had decided that they
could not take jurisdiction of it. It is ascertained
that that information was incorrect, and the com-
mittee therefore report a resolution to refer the
case to the Court of Claims.
Mr. IVERSON. . I desire to,say to the Sen-
ator from New York, as well as to parties inter-
ested in similar cases, that the Committee on
Claims hfcve had this subject, to some extent,
under their consideration at the present session;
not this memorial of Mr. Atocha, but one of a
similar character 
Mr. SEWARD. Allow me to say to the hon-
orable Senator, that I have not been able to hear
a word of his remarks.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 say that the Committee on
Claims of this body have, during the present
session, had the subject of these Mexican claims
under its consideration,; not in the case of Mr.
Atocha, but in the case of another claimant who
has a claim against the Government for injuries
sustained at the hands of the Mexican Govern-
ment. .
Mr. SEWARD. Is the honorable Senator to
be understood as willing to take charge of this
case ?
Mr. IVERSON. Ifthe Senator will be alittle
more patient, he will hear what I have to say on
the subject. The committee have come to the
conclusion, thatin the early part of the next ses-
sion, they will prepare and report to the Senate a
proposition to have all these claims either sub-
mitted to the Court of Claims, or to a commis-
sion to be appointed for the purpose Of examin-
