90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the Acquisition of Cuba.
Senate.
array there was against him—Burke and Fox and
Sheridan! Even the great Pitt, although premier,
abandoning him in the hour of his need. Not-
withstanding his crimes, his breaches of every
law, against the might of the most powerful pros-
ecution ever brought to bear against mortal man,
he was finally acquitted, upon the ground that
the services he had rendered to hisftuntry in the
acquisition of vast treasure and of territory were
acts of necessity, justified on that ground alone.
From that time to the present, England has
marched on steadily to the acquisition of what-
ever she desired in India, regardless of all law,
and with accompaniments that cause the mind to
shudder at their atrocity.
Has France done better? Look only at Algeria,
to say nothing of the principles which governed
the elder Napoleon in his ideas of universal con-
quest. Up to 1815, all the Powers of Europe, and
even the United States, had assented to the ex-
actions of the Dcy in the form of tribute paid. In
1815, the Americans captured an Algeriile frigate,
and compelled the Dey to renounce all exactiqps,
and to pay an indemnity of $60,000. In 1816,
Algiers was bombarded hy "English and Dutch
ships; their fleets and arsenal destroyed; a heavy
sum was cxacted, and the Dey compolled to sign
a treaty by which the enslaving of Christians was
abolished.
AH this was just and right. How did France
bear herself? 'fhis country of Algeria was known
in many* parts to be rich and beautiful; the French
became desirous to icjiair the dismemberment of
their colonial possesions by reducing it to a
province. In the language of the historian:
" They desire to nv.il, if not eclipse, tho splendor of Eng-
land m the East. They needed new space upon which to
plant their oveitlowing population Aheady the speculator
fancied himself in po.^.-e^ion of the nch-plam ot the 3VIe-
tiaja, and theoiange guldens ol ICohah and lllulan."
She had been insulted time and again; her sub-
jects enslaved, compelled with the other nations
of Europe to pay tribute. All this she bore, seek-
ing sometimes, indeed, partial redress, until she
thought it neccssary to her to possess tho coun-
try; then a pretext was to be found. In 1827,
European diplomacy, which hud borrc insu!i,
slavery, tribute, easily found it; and a casus belli,
perfectly legitimate, was discovered One day,
an old, irascible, half civilized, half barbarous
Bey, gave way to a perhaps momentary exhibition
of passion, and so far forgot the dignity of his
three tails, and his safety, as to strike a French
consul across the face with a fly brush he held in
hta hand. Instantly the dogs of war were let
loose; scenes were enacted sucb as would dis-
grace American savages; on one occasion five
or six hundred Moois were suffocated in tho cav-
ern of Dahra, with smoke applied by the French
troops. France, la belle et ta ghnieux, thus pro-
ceeded to avenge the wounded dignity of her con-
sul, and to acquire a province which she has
ever since held and now holds.
Sir, these are the nations to whom we are con-
stantly referred for construction of that national
Jaw which is so much talked off. The two ex-
amples 1 have referred to, India and Algeria, both
of modern times, show the piinciple of the law
which governs them when their interest is at
stake. No sooner is it proposed that we shall
pursue their line of policy, and their construction,
than instantly we are threatened with Anglo-
French alliances, and all the cannon of the allies
are made fo thunder in our ears. Sii, I have no
language to express the contempt I feel for such
arguments addressed to the American people. I
desire to see no wrong done to Great Britain or
to France. It is their true interest, as it is ours,
to maintain the most friendly relations. 1 would
be the last peison to desire recklessly to plunge
this country into war with these two great na-
tions. But we fear them not, nor any alliance
they may make or have made to stand in the
path of our prosperity. Alliance can be met by
counter-alliance; and France, our old ally, cannot
forget the day when combinations against her
caused the Cossack to bivouac in the gardens of
the Tuileries.
Mr. Chairman, in addition" to the practice of
the great Powers of the Old World upon the prin-
ciple of necessity, 1 find high sanction for my po-
sition in the opinions of American statesmen.
As long ago as 1810, ia his speech on the line of
the Perdido, Mr. Clay asserted the doctrine. I
quote his language:
" I have no hesitation in saying, that if a parent country
will not, or cannot, maintain its authority m a colony ad-
jaccn t to us, and there exists m it a state of misrule and dis-
order menacing our peace; and if, moreover, such colony,
by passing into the hands of any other Power would become
dangerous to the integrity of the Union, and manifestly lend
to the subveision of our laws, we have a right, upon the
eternal principles of self-preservation, to lay hold upon it."
Mr. Webster, in his great speech upon the Pa-
nama mission, went still further dii^ctly in ref-
erence to Cuba. Said he:
" Who has estimated, or who can estimate the effect of
any change which should place this Island m other hands,
subject it to new rules of commercial intercourse, or con-
nect it with objects of a different and still more dangerous
nature?J>
Upon the principle of necessity and self-pres-
ervation, he went a greater length than any other.
He thought that we ought not to wait until the
even t came without declaring our sentiments upon
subjects important to our rights and interests:
" If wo have (said he) a subsequent right to complain,
we have a pievious right, equally clear,of protesting. Jlwl
if the evil be one which, when it comes, will allow its to apply
a remedy, it is not only allowed to its, but makes it our duty
to apply prevention."
• Sir, upon the principle of necessity and self-
preservation, which has so often governed the
conduct of England and of France, and which has
been asserted time and again by our own states-
men,.if Cuba stand in the way of our continued ad-
vancement and prosperity, geographically placed
in such a position as constantly to threaten the
safety of our commerce; if, moreover, Spain has
entered into alliances with European Powers, by
which they guaranty a protectorate of the Island,
inconsistent with our declared principles on the
subject of foreign intervention; I am free to ex-
press my opinion that it is not only our right, but
our duty, to possess ourselves of it by any means
in our power. Hut, sir, whilst I believe these
conditions exist, and that they will every day
become more apparent, I have no doubt as to the
true policy of this Government to avoid conflict,
if possible, and to acquire peacefully if we can.
I am therefore content, whilst I fear nothing can
hi' accomplished in that mode, to wait until the
Executive* has exhausted every effort of diplo-
macy for the acquisition of the Island, and shall
give tho bill reported to this House from the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs my cordial and hearty
support.
Sir, expecting shortly to retire from the public
service, 1 have desired, upon the last occasion'on
which 1 will probably ever address this body at
any length, to place my opinion upon the import-
ant topics I have touched on, upon the records of
the country. I congiatulate myself that 1 have
found an opportunity to do so.
ami'ismon" of va;v,a.
IN THE SENATE,
january %l-f 1859.
Mr. Slipejll made the following report, (to ac-
company bill S. No. 497:)
The Committee on Foreign Relations, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 497) making appro-
priations to facilitate the acquisition of the Island
of Cuba, by negotiation, have had the same under
consideration, and now respectfully report:
It is not considered necessary by your com-
mittee to enlarge upon the vast importance of the
acquisition of the Island of Cuba by the United
States. To do so would be as much a work of
supererogation as t$ demonstrate an elementary
problem in mathematics, or one of those axioms
of ethics or philosophy which have been univer-
sally received for ages. The ultimate acquisition
of Cuba may be considered a fixed purpose of the
United States—a purpose resultingfrom political
and geographical necessities which have been re-
cognized by all parties and all Administrations;
and m regard to which the popular voice has been
expressed with a unanimity unsurpassed on any
question of national policy that has heretofore en-
gaired the public mind.
The purchase and annexation of Louisiana led,
as a necessary corollary, to that of Florida, and
both point with unerring certainty to the acqui-
sition of Cuba. The sparse and feeble population
of what is now the great West, called in 1800 for
the free navigation of the Mississippi, and the
enforcement of the right of deposit at New Or-
leans. In three years not only were these priv-
ileges secured", but the whole of the magnificent
domain of Louisiana was ours. Who now doubts
the wisdom of a measure which, at the time, was
denounced with a violence until then unparalleled
in our political history ?
From the day we acquired Louisiana, the at-
tention of our ablest statesmen was fixed on Cuba.
What the possession of the mouth of the Missis-
sippi had been to the people of the West, that of
Cuba became to the nation. To cast the eye upon
the map was sufficient to predict its destiny. A
brief reference will show the importance attached
to the question by our leading statesmen, and the
steadiness and perseverance with which they
have endeavored to hasten the consummation of
so vital a measure.
Mr. Jefferson, in a letter to President Madison,
of the 27th April, 1809, speaking of the policy
that Napoleon would probably pursue towards
us,says:
"He ought to be satisfied with having forced her [Great
Britain] to levoke the orders, on which he pretended to re-
j, taliate, and to be pniticulnily satisfied with us, by whose
' | unyielding adherence to punciple she has been forced into
I the levocauon. He ought the more to conciliate our good
j will, as w" can be  ueh an obstacle to the new career open-
! mg on him m the Spanish colonies. That he would give
i us the Fiondas to withhold intercourse with the lesiduc
| of those colonics, cannot he doubted. But that is no price,
! because they are outs in the first moment of the first war,
> and until a wai they are nf no particular necessity to us.
' But, although with difficulty, he will consent to our re-
j criving Cuba into our Union, to prevent our aid to Mcx-
! ico and the other provinces. That would be a price, and
' 1 would immediately eiect a column on the southernmost '
i limit of Cuba and inscribe on it a ne plus ultra as to us m
1 that duectiou. "VVe should then have only to include the
j noithin our Confederacy, which would be, of course, ill
j the first war, and we should have such an empire for hb-
i city as she has never surveyed since the cieation ; and I
[ <iui peiMiaded no Constitution vva-> evct before so well cal-
| ettlaicd om > foi extensive empire and self government."
" It wilt he objected to our receiving Cuba, that no limit
can then 1><> diawn to om futuie acquisitions. Cuba can be
. defended bv u*  without ajiavy, and this develops, the prm-
: oiple which ought to limit our views. Nothing should ever
be accepted winch would icquire a navy to defend it."
Again, in wiiting to President Monroe on the
23d June, 1823, lie says:
" Foi certainly her addition to our Confederacy is exactly
what is w,minis* to advance our powei as a nation to the
point of its utmost interest."
And in another letter to the same, on the 24th
October, 1823, he says:
u I candidly confess that I have ever looked on Cuba as
the mo-t interesting addition which could ever be made to
our sv-tein ot States. The control which, with Florida
Point, this inland would give us over the Gulf of Mexico,
and ilit; countue^ and isthmus bordering on fP, would fill up
the measure of our political well being."
John duincy Adams, while Secretary of State
under Mr. Monroe, in a dispatch to Mr. Nelson,
our Minister at Madrid, of the 2Sth April, 1823,
. says:
In the war between Fiance and Spain, now commenc-
ing, other interests, peculiarly outs, will, in all probability,
be" deeply involved. Whatcvoi may he the issue of thrs
wai ah between tho&e two European Powers, it mny be
taken ioi granted that the dominion of Spam upon the
Ametiean continents, noith aml^ouih, is irrevocably gone.
Jint tiie inlands of Cuba and Purto Rico sull remain nomi-
nally and «o far really dependent upon hei. that she yet
possesses the power of transferring herown dominion over
them, together with the possession of them, to others. These
islands, fioni their local pohitiou and natural appendages to
the Noith Amencan continent, and one of them, Cuba, al-
most iu sight of om shores, from a multitude of consideia-
tions, has become an object ot tianscendent importance to
the conimeicial and political mteie-ts of our Union. Its
commanding portion, with reteience to the Gulf of Mexico
and the West India seas, the character of its population, its
Mtualion midway between our southern coabfand the Island
of St Domingo, its safe and capaeioushai hor of the Havana,
fronting a long line of our shores destitute of the same ad-
vantage, the natme of its productions and of us wants, fur-
nishing the supplies and needing the returns of a commerce
immensely profitable and mutually beneficial, give it an im-
portance m the sum of our national interests with which
that of noothei foreign teintoryca.ii be compared, and little
inferior to that which binds the different members of this
Union together. Such, indeed, are, between the interests
of that island and'of this country, the geographical, com-
mercial, moral, and political relations loimed by riaupe,
gathering in the process of time, and even now verging to
maturity ; that, in looking forwaid to the probable course of
events?, for the short period of half a eenuny, it is scarcely
possible to resist tho conviction that the annexation of Cuba
to oui Federal Republic will be indispensable to the con-
