712
TOEtfXmfmmiQNAb GLOBE.
February 1,
ing-ami;reporting upon the amounts which these
parties are entitled to from the Government :of
Mexico, and then to au-thofizethose claims to be
paid out of any money: how .in tbs Treasury,
which; is the balance of the (&3,OQO;Q0Oset apart
by the treaty' ofGuUdalupe: Hidalgo for the .pay-
ment of these claims. Jjt seeing to nae, therefore,
that ,it would be rather preiKature to iscad this
esse to the Court of Claims .at present", Lsug-
gest, therefore, iwhe.tber.it wAuid not be better to
wait,until a general .plan is matured by. the eom-
•JBittee Jind presented for the consideration of the
Senate, embracing these claims as well as others,
, Mr. SEWARD. I Will say that that eotnmit-
tee is a very sensible committee, and has.got f.
very sensible chairman. I quitf agree with him
.that this claim ought to be paid; and, a8.he seems
to hold'out theprospect that it can be paid without
further difficulty, I tyill move, with th6 consent
of the honorable Senator, that this subject be re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims, so that they
naay embrace it in their report.
The motion.was agreed to.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the joint resolution
(S. No. 57) granting further time to the creditors
of Texas to present their claims at the Treasury,
reported it with an'amendment.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury relative to
American vessels engaged in the palm oil trade
<hi the'coast of Africa, reported in favor of print-
ing the report; which was concurred in.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
Mr. FITCEI. A document was referred to the
Committee on Panting some time since, and it
was returned to the Senate and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, for the purpose of
inquiring into the propriety of printing it. That
committee reported in favor of the printing. The
Committee on Printing do not deem themselves
authorized to place any obstacle in the way of a
concurrence in their report. I move to take up
the report of the Committee 011 Indian Affairs,
iMid that it be concurred in,and that the document
be printed. Jt is a letter of the Second Auditor of
the Treasury, communicating copies of accounts
of persons charged with the disbursement or ap-
plication of moneys, goods, or effects, for the ben-
efit of the Indians, during the year ending 30th
June, 1858, together with a list of the names of
the persons to whom moneys, goods, or effects,
have been delivered during that period. The
Committee on Priming did not report unfavorably.
They asked to be discharged temporarily, and
that the document be referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs, with a view to the inquiry by
that committee into the propriety of printing. ,,
That committee reported it buck with a recom- ij of Representatives by a great majority; it has
mendation that it be printed; and I move that jl been favored by almost every tigi (cultural society
their recommendation be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
will give rise to some discussion, in the morning
hour, we shall not be able to obtaip the sense of
the Senate upon. it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator allow the .Chair to. present a.petition? *
Mr. HUNTER. I also have a petition.
Mr. MALLORY. Certainly; I give way for
the reception of petitions.
Several petitions we're presented, and resolu-
tions submitted and'disposed of, which are in
their appropriate classification bf business in a
preceding column.
Mr. W&.DE. J move to postpone all prior or-
ders and take up the bill H. JR.. No. 2, being an
actdonatiog public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts. 1
perceive that this bill is likely to be overslaughed
towards the end of this session, as it was at the
last session, unless it is crowded on in preference
to some other things. We have waited a long
time to see if any interval could be found for tak-
ing up this bill, but there has always been some
reason why it could not.
This bill passed the House of Representatives
towards the close of the last session. It came
here so late that those who were opposed to it
found it would be easy to talk it to death; and it
will share the same fate now, unless its friends
support the motion to-take it up in preference to
other bills. Many of the Senators here are in-
structed by their States to use their influence to
procure the passage of this bill. I am one among
thai number. Not, however, merely because I am
instructed to do so by my State, but because this
bill meets my cordial approbation, 1 am anxious
to use whatever influence I may have here to in-
duce the Senate to take it up and consider it. I
know very well there are a great many subjects
that are deemed important, that may be insisted
upon in preference to this bill; but this is the only
measure, I believe, that is before Congress in either
branch, for the benefit of agriculture. This great
interest of our country—greater than any other
that I know of—hardly ever obtrudes itself upon
the consideration of Congress; and when it does,
it is very apt to get the go-by. The military arm
of our Government has its West Point; the naval
has its Annapolis; the commercial its Coast Sur-
vey; but the agricultural interest of the country
seems to be almost entirely overlooked.
I do not rise for the purpose of arguing this
question; nor do I intend to do so at any time, I
only wish that its friends should stand by it, and
tiint it should receive a vote in the Senate. 1 be-
lieve its fuends understand its provisions perfectly
well, and aic ready to act upon it; and it need
not, therefore, consume more than a very small
portion of our time in its consideration. I think
its friends will probably ask for no time to de-
bate it. It has received the sanction of the House
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Ai,i,en, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed a bill (No. 72) to secure home-
Kteads to actual settlers on the public domain;
in which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendmentof the Senate to
the bill of the House (No, 583) providing for
keeping and distributing all public documents.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed an enrolled bill (S. No.
334) for the relief of Thomas Laurent, surviving
partner of the, firm of Benjamin and Thomas
Laurent; which thereupon received the signature
of the President pro tempore.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
that has met and had it under consideration; it
ji has been deemed of sufficient importance to be
|! taken into consideration by many of the States of
l| the Union. I think it ought to meet the appro-
jj bation of all; and I hope that we shall now con-
;j sider it. Its friends, at an early period of this
ii session, endeavored to have it tal>en up; but it was
I said, that was not the time. My colleague was ab-
. sent, and, therefore, it was said that was not the
proper time to doit.
I see the Senator from Virginia [Mr. Hunter]
is very anxious to get up the appropriation bill;
but I say to him, I believe an appropriation bill
never yet failed. I wish some of them would,
for I thmk many of them ought not to pass : but
there is no difficulty about appropriation bills.
They always have passed, and they always will;
for there is always influence enough here to carry
them through. Cuba, too, stands right before us.
That is backed by 14 manifest destiny," which
ought to be a pretly good guarantee that it will
be considered; but, what is more than manifest des-
jl tiny, it has the powerful influence to bringit forth
Mr. MALLORY rose, as soon as the Execu- Ij of the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Slidell.]
,vr. u—  „„,i 1 j)!ls p00r agncuitura| bill, however, I fear, will
have no one to uige it upon the consideration of
tive communications had been presented, and
said: I desire to take the sense of the Senate this
morning on taking up the bill which I gave notice
last week I would call up, the bill S. No. 373. I
am very well convinced, at this late stage of the
session, that unless we take up this bill, which
the Senate. I hope its friends, if it has any, will
stand by it and see that it now receives consid-
eration, for I am satisfied if it is not considered
now, it will again get the go-by this session.
■ Mf. MALLORY. I did not wish to interrupt
the Seuatior from Ohio; but I had the floor upon
,a motion to take up the bill No. 373, and gave
.way to the Senator from Virginia to present a
petition. I trust the Senate will vote this motion
down, and take up the bill I proposed for its con-
sideration, on which I will say but a few words.
We must have action on thatbill in a day or two,
if we have action on it at all. It is a bill to carry
into effect the nint.h.article of the treaty with Spain,
and it is peculiarly appropriate at this time that
ve should respond to the demands of the Spanish
Government on this point. It has been at our
doors for a quarter .of a century—ay, more; and
it rests upon the very highest authority in the
country. We have undertaken, by treaty, to pay
the subjects of a foreign nation, whose territory
we acquired, for the property which We took from
them. Although the justice of this plaim has been
conceded, for ten years, by every department of
this Government, by every tribunal before which
it has gone, still we cannot get the action of Con-
gress to do justice in this case.
Now, sir, I trust this bill will be taken up and
passed. It is thoroughly understood. It is sim-
ply to pay for the property which you took from
Spanish subjects by the invasion of Florida, in
1812and 1813,and the damages sustained by them
by having the value ,of the property withheld from
them up to the time of payment. I trust, without
further discussion, that this proposition of the
Senator from Ohio, which I will undertake to aid
at almost any other time, will be voted down, and
that we shall proceed to the consideration of this
bill in the morning hour.
[Several Senators claimed the right to present
petitions, reports, and resolutions, which are re-
capitulated above in their proper place.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster in
the chair.) The motion of the Senator from Ohio,
that the Senate take up the bill H. R. No. 2, is
before the Senate.
Mr. MALLORY. I trust the vote will be taken
on that motion. I must appeal to the Senate. The
morning hour is slipping away, and I trust the
niotiou will be put.
Mr. HUNTER. Will the Senator from Ohio
promise to lay the bill down at one o'clock, if we
take it up ?
Mr.WADE. Icannot. I see that it will not be
considered at all, unless its friends now take it up
for that purpose. If there is a majority in favor
of it, of course they will dispose of it immedi-
ately.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I hope the Senate will
not take up that bill and displace the appropria-
tion bill, which we can finish to-day, if the Senate
will allow us to go on with it.
Other business, peculiar to the morning hour,
having intervened,
Mr. WADE. Is my motion in order now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. WADE. Then I must insist on it.
Mr. 1VERSON. I rise to a point of order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Georgia will state his point of order.
i Mr. IVERSON. The Chair has already de-
j. cided that reports are in order before the motion
of the Senator from Ohio. I have a report from
a standing committee to make.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive the report.
Mr. IVERSON. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill from the House of
Representatives (H. R. No. 764) to provide for
the settlement of the accounts of the late Lieuten-
ant Colonel Lewis S. Craig, have directed me to
report it back without amendment, and recom-
mend its passage. I will take this occasion to ask
the indulgence of the Senate to let the bill be put
upon its passage now. It will occupy ,no time.
I will make a brief statement ill support of the
motion, and if the Senate will listen to me, they
will see at once the merits of the claim. Colonel
Craig was an officer-in the Mexican war,and re-
ceived two brevets, one as major, and one as lieu-
tenant colonel, for distinguished services in battle.
Mr. WADE. If this bill leads to debate, I must
insist on my motion.
Mr. IVERSON. I am only going to make a
brief explanation. I will not debate it. I have
no objection, however, if the Senate will take up
the bill and hear the report from the House,
