1859,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
im
which has been adopted by our committee. That
will explain all the facts jugt as well as I could *,
but 1 thought I could explain .them in a few mo-
ments. 1 move that the billtbe;t4)£3n up and put
an its passage.
Mr. WADE. I submit whether any motion
can be made .while .my motion ia pending, which
was to postpone all -peiar oriers, and take up
House bill
Thd PRESIBINGr OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that, with the exception of petitions
and reports, the Senator's motion will precede
any other motion.
Mr. COLLAMER. I inquire whether the re-
ceiving of reports, which the Chair rules to be in
order, also carries with it the raising of questions
on those reports, in preference to the motion of
the Senator from Ohio? We may receive the
report; but-if a motion is made in regard to the
report, I think that cannot take precedence.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairhas
so decided, that the motion of the Senator from
Ohio preceded any other motion, except simply
the receiving of petitions and reports.
Mr. HUNTER. I am against the motion of the
Senator from Ohio; but he certainly has the right
to move the postponement of all prior orders.
That has been the practice, and I desire the Sen-
ator to adhere to it, as probably I may have to
make a similar motion myself in a very few min-
utes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved and
seconded to postpone all prior orders, and take
up, for consideration, the bill H. R. No. 2.
Mr. WADE. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I appreciate the lauda-
ble desire of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, to secure the passage of appropriation
bills, but there is no doubt of their passage. The
appropriation bills are sure to pass; but bills like
these which Senators desire to take up, are bills
that,ofall others, are exceedingly liable to be over-
ridden at the close of a session. I hope this bill,
which I consider one of great consequence, will
be acted upon; and therefore I hope the motion
of the Senator from Ohio will prevail.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Allen, Bates, Bell, Bigler, Broderick,
Chandler, Clark, Collnmer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle,
Duikee, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Gvvm, Hale. Hamlin,
Harlan, Houston, Kennedy, Kins, Seward, Simmons,
Stuart, Thomson o( New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
son, and Wright—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Bright, Biovvn, Chesnut, Clay,
Clmgman, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatriciv, Green, Hammond,
Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mallory,
Mason,'Polk, Fngli, lteid, Rice,Bebasttan, Shields, Shdell,
Toombs, and Yulee— 26.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R.No. 2) donating public
lands to the several States and Territories which
may provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanicarts.
The bill proposes to grant to the several States
and Territories five million nine hundred and twen-
ty thousand acres of land, to be apportioned to each
State a quantity equal to twenty thousand acres
for cach Senator and Representative in Congress
to which the States are now respectively entitled.
The land, after being surveyed, is to be appor-
tioned to the several States and Territories in sec-
tions or subdivisions of sections, of not less than
one quarter of a section; and whenever there are
public lands in a State worth 25 per acre, the
value of the lands to be determined by the Gov-
ernor of the State, the quantity to which each
State shall be entitled is to be selected from such
lands; and the Secretary of the Interior is to be
directed to issue to those States in which there j
are no public lands of the value of $1 25 per acre
land scrip to the amount of their distiibutive
shares in acres, which is to be sold by the States,
and the proceeds thereof applied to the uses and
purposes to be prescribed in this proposed act.
In no case is any State to which land sciip may
thus be issued to be allowed to locate the same
within the limits of any other State, but their as-
signees may thus locate the land scrip upon any
of the unappropriated lands of the United States
subject to private entry. In all the expenses of
management and supervision of the lands, pre-
vious to their sales, and all expenses-incurred in
the management and disbursement of the moneys
which may be received therefrom, are to be paid
by the States to which they may-belong, out of
the treasury of such States, so that the entire
proceeds of the sale of the land shall be applied
without any diminution whatever to the purposes
for which it js'given. All the moneys derived
from the sale of the lands by the -States to whach
the lands are apportioned, and from the sales of
the land scrip, are to be invested in Stocks of the
United States, or of the States, or some other safe
stocks, yielding not less than five per centum upon
the par value of the stocks; and the moneys «o
invested are to constitute a perpetual fund, the
capital of which shall remain forever undimin-
ished, (except so far as may be provided in this
act,) and the interest of which shall be inviolably
appropriated by each State which may take and
claim the benefit of this act, to the endowment,
support, and maintenance, of at least one college,
where the leading ohject shall be, without exclud-
ing other scientific or classical studies, to teach
such branches of learning as are related to agri-
culture and the mechanic arts, in such manner as
the Legislatures of the States may respectively
prescribe,in order to promote the liberal and prac-
tical education of the industrial classes in the sev-
eral pursuits and professions in life.
The grant of land and land scripare to be made
on the following conditions, to which, as well as
to the provisions contained in the act, the previ-
ous assent of the several States is to be signified
by legislative acts: First. If any portion of the
fund thus invested, or any portion of the interest
thereon, shall,-by any action or contingency, be
diminished or lost, it shall be replaced by the
State to which it belongs, so that the capital of
the fund shall remain forever undiminished; and
the annual interest shall be regularly applied with-
out diminution to the purposes therein mentioned,
except that a sum, not exceeding ten per centum
upon the amount received by any State under the
provisions of the act, may be expended for the
purchase of lands for sites orexperimental farms,
whenever authorized by the respective Legisla-
tures of the States. Second. No portion of the
fund, nor the interest thereon, is to be applied,
directly or indirectly, under any pretense what-
ever, to the purchase, erection, preservation, or
repair, of any building or buildings. Third. Any
State which may take and claim the benefit of
the provisions of the act shall provide, within
five years, at least not less than one agricultural
college, or the grant to sueh State shall cease; and
the State is to be bound to pay to the United States
the amount received of any lands previously sold,
and the title to purchasers under the State is to be
valid. Fourth. An annual report is to be made
regarding the progress of each college, recording
any improvements and experiments made, with
their cost and results, and such other matters as
may be supposed useful; one copy of which is to
be transmitted by mail, free, by each, to all the
other colleges winch may be endowed under the
provisions of the act, and to the Smithsonian In-
stitute, and to the agricultural department of the
Patent Office at Washington. And fifth, when
lands shall be selected from those which have
been raised to double the minimum price, in con-
sequence of railroad grants, they are to be com-
puted to the States at double the quantity.
Mr. GWIN. I move to amend the bill by strik-
ing out the first section, and inserting:
That there be granted to the several States and Territo-
ries, for the purpose hereinafter mentioned, five million nine
hundred and twenty thousand acres of land, to be appor-
tioned in the compound ratio of the geographical area and
representation of said States and Terntories. in the Senate
and House of Representatives of the Congress of the United
States, after the apportionment under the census of 1860:
Provided, That said apportionment shall be made after fitst
aUotitng to each State and Territory riiiy thousand acres ;
JInd provided further, That the State of California may lo-
cate her portion of the said lands upon any of the unappro-
priated lands in that State otherthan mineral lands, and not
then occupied by actual hettlers.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe, according to the
rales of oider, the Indian appropriation bill comes
up now, it being one o'clock. [" Oh, no!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
under the impression that the Senate having voted
to postpone all prior orders and take up this bill,
it dispenses with the rule which would otherwise
intervene at this hour.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 supposed that was in ref-
erence to the morning hour only; but in order to
avoid .all difficulty .shout the question of order, I
move to postpone /til prior orders for the purpose
of taking up ithe Intlian .-appropriation 'bill.. ,
Mr. STUART. It seems to me that motion
cannot ,be made after the Senate has -deoifted:, ,10.
postpone that;bill; bec«ute,4f it coii-Mj, therafi-
raient the question-was taken the Seoator-frejw
Qhio CQuMfl}are-A0!postpone«D prior orders, «nd;
to take jjjp.Miis bill, and«o the motions could -be
alternated .the whole.day. The Senate rtes idscj-
ded to postponeall.the orders of to-day, a od tafce
up.thrs<bill, . . .
.Mr. HUNTER. CcrteinJy we did not ties:i<ie,
when we agreed- to postpone ftll ,fSiior orders, to
take up this bill, .that -we should coustdei- it <*(1
day. Cannot we lay it on the table?, Wo.uld
it not be in order to move -to.postpone it indefi-
nitely,or to a more suitable,time?-- ,r . ,
Mr. STUART. Undoubtedly,
Mr. HUNTER. Then if it he in order to da
that, it is no objeetion-rto my motion to postpone
all prior orders, that this -bill is included, in tfmt
motion. If we were to lake up the Indian appro-
priation bill, a motion couiil b,e made similar to
the one I now make in reference to -pome other
bill. You can make that motion as often «s
please; but, of course, it is taken for granted- that
no Senator would press such motions against the
sense of the Senate. If tine Senate overrules me
now, of course, I shall make no move (notions
to-day until this bill is disposed of.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Ch&ir is
of opinion that the motion of the Senator from
Viiginia is in order; being also ofopinion with the
Senator from Michigan, that one motion of this
kind cannot immediately follow another, the one
made by the Senator from Ohio, and the one made
by the Senator from Virginia; but debate has in-
tervened, and an amendment has been proposed.
The Chair, therefore, thinks that the motion of
the Senator from Virginia is in order. Is the
Senate ready for the question on the motion?.
Mr. HUNTER. I call for the yeas and mya.
The yeas- and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays.27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs Bayard, Bright, Brawn, Chesnut, Clay,
Clmgiiian, Davis, Fitch, Fitz$a-triek, Grepn, Gwin, Ham-
mond, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Ma-
son, Polk, I'ugh, Reid, Itice,8ebasti:m, Shields, Slide!!,
Toombs, and Y ulee—26.
NAYri—Messrs. Allen. Hates, Hell, Broderick, Chandler,
Clark, OoHamer, Crittenden, Dixon, t>oo!i(Ue, X)urkee5
Fessenden, Foot, Foster, tljile, [I.imlin, Harjan, King, Mai-
lory, Sewaul, Simmons, Stuart, Thomson fif New' Jersey,
Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Wright—27.
So Mr. Hunter's motion was not agreed to.
Mr. STUART. Before the question is taken
on the amendment proposed by the Senator from
California to strike out the first section, I have an
amendment to propose to that section. I move
to strike out "live million nine hundretl and twen-
ty thousand acres of," and to add at the end of
the section:
Frouideil, That lo each State whose number of members
in the Ilou^e of liepreseniatives shall be increased by the
next apportionment under the census of I860, there shall
be granted tile additional quantity oftwenty thousand acres
of land" and upon the ,-ame terms, as soon as said appor-
tionment shall he made.
Mr. WADE. Which amendment is under con-
sideration now?
Mr. STUART. The one proposed by myself.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Michi-
gan, inasmuch as that proposes to perfect the
section, and the other amendment proposes to
strike it out.
Mr. STUART. I will amend the amendment
so as to insert the words: " an amount of public"
before the word " land" so that it will read:" an
amount of public land."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so corrected.
Mr. HUNTER. I will state that, in regard to
the votes on this bill, I have paired off with the
Senator ftom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.] I
cannot vote on any question touching the hill; but
I reserve the nojht to myself to vote on the order
of business as I think proper.
Mr. PUGI-I. 1 move to recommit the bill and
amendments to the standing Committee on Public
Lands. It is a remarkable thing, sir, that this
bill has never received the support of the stand-
ing Committee on Public Lands in either House
of Congress. It was reported adversely in iho
