1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report oft the Acquisition of Cuba.
Senate.
tmuance and integrity of the Union itself. It is obvious,
however, that for this event we are not yet prepared. Nu-
merous and formidable objections to the extension of our
territorial dominions beyond sea, present themselves to the
first contemplation of the subject; obstacles to the system
of policy by which alone that result can be compassed and
maintained, are to be foreseen and surmounted, both fiom
at h.ome and abroad; but there are laws of political, as well
as of physical gravitation ; and if an apple, seveied by the
tempest from its native tiee, cannot choose but fall to the
ground, Cuba, fotcibly disjoined from its own unnatuial
connection with Spam, and incapable of self-support, can
gravitate only towards the North American Union, winch,
by the same law of nature, cannot cast her off from its
bosom.
" The transfer of Cuba to Great Britain would be an event
unpropitious to the interests of this Union. This opinion is
so generally entertained, that even the groundless rumors
that U was about to be accomplished, which have spread
abroad, and are still teeming,may be tiaced to the deep and
almost universal feeling of-aversion to it, and to the alarm
which the mere probability ofitsoecurrcnce has stimulated.
The question both of our right and of our power to prevent
it, if neccssary by force, already obtiudes itsckl' upon our
councils, and the Administration is called upon, m the per-
formance of its duties to the nation, at least to use all the
means within its competency to guaid against and forefend
it."
On April 27,1825, Mr. Clay, Secretary of State,
in a dispatch to Mr. A. H. Everett, our Minister
at Madrid, instructing him to use his exertions
to induce Spain to make peace with her revolted
colonies, says:
"The United States are satisfied with the present condi-
tion of those islands (Cuba and Porto Rico) in the hands of
Spam, and with their ports open to our commeice, as they
are now open. This Government desires no political change
of that condition. The population itself of the islands is in-
competent at present, from its composition and its amount,
to maintain self-government. The maiiume foice of the.
neighboring republics ol Mexico and Colombia is not now,
1101 is it likely shortly to be, adequate to the protection of
those island-, if the conquest of them weie effected. The
United States would enteitain constant apprehension:-, of
then passing liom their possession to that of some less
friendly sovereignty ; and of all ihe Eniopean Towers, this
countiy piefeis that Cubaand PoitoRico should remain de-
pendent on Spain. It the war should continue between
Spain and the new lepubiics, and tho^e islands should be-
come the object and the theater ol it, their foi tunes have such
a connection with the prosperity of the United States, that
they could not be indiffeient spectator; and the possible
contingencies of Mich a pro n acted war might bring upon the
Government of the United States duties and obligations, the
peilonnanee ol which, however pamlul it should be, they
might not be at liberty to dcchnc."
Mr. Van Buren, writing to Mr. Van Ness, our
Mimstei to Spam, October 2, 1829, says:
" The Government of the United States has always looked
with the deepest interest upon the fate of tho«e islands, but
paiticulaily of Cuba. Its geographical position, which
places it almost in sight of our southern shores, and, as it
weie, gives it the command of the Gulf of Mexico and the
We*t lndi.i : unsafe and capacious haibors; its rich
productions, the exchange of which, foi our surplus agu-
cultural products and manufactures, constitutes one of the
most extensive and valuable biancho> of out foreign tiade;
render it of the utmo-t importance to the United States that
no change should take place in its condition which might
injuriously atleel our poliueal and commercial standing in
thatquaiier. Otliei consultations connected with a cer-
tain class of^fut population, make it toe uiteicst of Ihe
southern section of the Union that no attempt should bo
made, m that inland, to tin ow off the joke of Spanish de-
pendence ; the fnst ell'ect of winch would be the sudden
emancipation of a numetous siave population, the result of
which could not but be veiy sensibly le)i upon the adjacent
shores of the United States On the other hand, the wis-
dom which induced the Spanish Government to relax in us
colonial system, and to adopt, with regard to those islands,
a moie hbeial policy, which opened their poits to geneial
comrnei v, has been >o far «ati-factory, in the view of the
United States, as, in addition to other considerations, to
induce tins Government to desire that their possession
should not be transfer) ed fiom the Spanish Crown to any
other Povve.r. In coufonmtv with this desnc, the ministers
of the United States at Madiul have, from time to time,
been instructed attentively to watch the course of event*
and the secret spimgs of Fairopean diplomacy, which, from
information received fiom various quaiter , this Govern-
ment had leason to "U^pcct had been put m motion to effect
the transfer of the possesion of Cuba to the powerful allies
of Spain.
k{ You are aufhoiized to say that the long-established and
well-known policy of ihe United Staler, which forbids their
entangling themselves in the condom< of other nations, arid
which'permits their physical force to be used only foi the
defense of their political rights and the protection of the
persons and propcity of their citizens, equally forbids their
public agents to entei into po-itive engagements, the per-
formance of which would lequire the employment of means
winch the people have retained in their own hands ; but
that this Government has evetv reason to believe that the
same influence which once aveited the blow ready to tall
upon the Spanish island-would again be tound effectual on
theiecurience ofsimiiar events ; and that the high prepon-
derance in American allans of the United Slates as a great
naval Power, the influence winch they must at all times
command as a gieat commercial nation,in all questions in-
volving the interest# of the geneial commerce of this hem-
isphere, would render their consent an e-sential prelimi-
nary to the execution of any piojcetcalcuk'ted so vitally to
affect the geneial concerns of all the nations in any degree
engaged in the commeice of America. The knowledge you
possess of the public sentiment of this country in regard
to Cuba, will enable you to speak with confidence and
effect of the probable consequences that might be expected
from the communication of that sentiment to Congress, in
the event ot any contemplated change m the present politi-
cal condition of that island."
And again, on the 13th of October, 1830:
"This Government has also been given to undeistand
that, it Spam should persevere m the asseuion-of a hopeless
claim to domm/on over her former colonies,they will feel it
to be then duty, as well as their interest, to attack her col-
onial possessions m oui vicinity, Cuba and Porto Ilico. Your
geneial nistiucuons aie full upou the subject of the interest
which the United Slates take in the fate of those islands,
and particularly ot the t'oimei; they infoim you that we are
content that Cuba should icmain as it now is, but could not
consent to its tianslcr to any Bmopean Power. Motives of
reasonable State policy render it more desirable to us that
it should remain subject to Spain rather than to either of the
South Amcncan States. Those motives will- readily pre-
sent themselves to your mind ; they ate principally founded
upon an apprehension that, if possessed by the latter, it
would, in the present state of things, be in greater danger of
becoming subject to some European Power than in its pies-
ent condition. Although such are our own wishes and true
mteiests, the President does not see on what ground he
would be justified in interfering with any attempts which
the South Amcncan States might think it for their interest,
in the prosecution of a defensive war, to make upon the
islands in question. If, indeed, an attempt should be made
to distuib them, by putting ainism ihe hands, of one poiuon
of their population to destroy another, and which in in in-
fluence would endanger the peace of a portion ot the United
States, the case might be different. Against such an attempt
the United States (being informed that it was in contempla-
tion) have already piotostcd and warmly remonstrated, in
their communications last summei with the Government of
Mexico; but the information lately communicated to us in
tins regaid, was accompanied by a solemn assmanee that
110 such moa->tnes will, in any event, be ic&orted to ; and
that the contest, if forced upon them, will he earned on, on
then pair, with stnct reference to the established rules of
civilized waifaie."
Mr. Jluohanan, in his dispatch to Mr. R. M.
Saunders, of June 17, 1848, said;
"With these consideiations m view, the President be-
lieves that the cusjs has ai rived when an effort should be
made to purchase the Island of Cuba fiom Spain, and he
has detei mined to mfrust you with the peifoimance of this
most delicate and impoitant duty. The attempt should be
made, in the first instance, m a confidential conversation
with the Spanish Minister for Foieign Affairs; a wutten offer
might produce an absolute leiusal m writing, which would
eiiibanasrf u^ iiereaftei in the acquisition ot the island Be-
sides., from ihe incessant changes in the Spanish Cabinet and
policy, out desire to make the purchase might thus be made
known at an officialfoim to foieign Governments,and aiou&e
then jealousy and active opposition. Indeed, even if the pies-
ent Cabinet should think favoiubly of the proposition, they
might be gicatly embanassed bv having it placed on recotd;
foi, in that event, it would almost <ffeitainly, through some
channel, icach the Opposition, and become the subject of
discission m the Cones. Such delicate negotiations, at least
in tlyir incipient stages, ought always to be conducted in
confidential conver.iiuon, :ind with the utmost seciecyand
dispatch.
u At joui interview with the Minister foi Foreign Afiairs
you might mtioducc the subject by leieumg lo the piesent
distracted condition of Cub:i, and the dangei which exists
that the population will make an attempt to accomplish u
involution. Tins must he well known to tin- Spanish Gov-
ernment In ordei to convince hnn of the good truih and
friend-hip towards Spain w uh \< inch tins Government has
acted, you might lead to him the first part ot my dispatch
to Geneial Campbell, and the oidei is.-ued bv the Secietaiv
of VVai to the commanding geneial in Mexico, and to the
offieeis having ehaige of the ernb.ti kation of oui tt oops'at
V'eia Ciuz. You may then touch delicately upon ihe dan-
gei that Spam may lo>e Cuba by a revolution in the inland,
or that it may be wrested fiom hei by Gieat Hiuain, should
a luptuie take place between the two counmes, atising
out of the dismissal of Sir llcniy Buhvci, ami be retained
to pay the Spanish debt due to the British bond-holders.
You might assure him that, whilst this Government is en-
titely "satisfied that Cuba shall iciriam under the dominion
of Spain, we should in any event legist its acquisition by
any othei nation. And, finally, you miirhl inform him that,
under all these circumstances, the President had airived at
liie conclusion that Spain might be willing to tiansfer the
island to the United States toi a fait and lull consideration.
You might cite as a piecedent, the cession of Louisiana to
this countiy, by Napoleon, under somewhat similar cir-
cumstances, when ho was at the scemth of his powei and
gloiv. f have merely presented these topics in their natural
ouier. and you can fill up the outline fiom the inhumation
communicated in tins dispatch, as well as from youi own
knowledge of the subject. Should the Mmistei for Foreign
Affair lend a favorable ear to your pioposiiion, then the
question oi the consideration to" be paid would arise, and
you have been furnished with information m this dispatch
which will enable you to discuss that question.
The President would be willing to stipulate for the pay-
ment of $100,000,(K)0. This, bowevei, is the maximum
puce: and if Spam should be willing to «HI, you will use
vour best eflorts to pmeh.i-e n ai a rare as much below that
sum as practicable. In case you should be aide to conclude
a treaty, you may adopt as youi model, so far a-= the same
may be applicable, the two conventions of April 30,38U3,
between France and the United States, foi the sale and pui-
chasc of Louisiana. The seventh and eighth aiticles of
the first of these conventions ought, if possible, to be omit-
ted ; still, if this should be indispensable to the accomplish-
ment of t he object, articles similar to them may be retained;"
Mr. Everett, in his celebrated letter of Decem-
ber 1,1852, to the Comte de Sartiges, rejecting
the joint proposition of the French and British
Governments for a tripartite convention with the
United States, disclaiming, severally and collect-
ively, all intention to obtain possession of the
Island of Cuba, and respectively binding them-
selves to discountenance all attempts to that effect
on the part of any Power or individuals what-
ever, said:
" Spain, meantime, has retained of her extensive domin-
ions in this hemisphere but the two Islands of Cuba and
Porto" llico. A respectful sympathy with the fortunes of an
ancient ally and d gallant people, with whom the United
Stares have ever maintained" the most friendly relations,
would, if no other reason existed, make it our duty lo leave
her in the undistuibed possession of this little remnant of
her mighty transatlantic empire. The President desires to
do so. No word or deed of his will ever question her title
or shake her possession. But can it be expected to last very
long: Can it le&ist this mighty cuirent in the fortunes of
the world? Is it desirable that it should do so I Can it be
tor the interest of Spain to cling to a possession that can
only be maintained by a garrison of twenty-five or thirty
thousand troops, a powerful naval forcc, and an annual ex-
penditure for both arms of the service ot at least lilS.OOOjOOG?
Cuba, at this moment, costs more to Spain that liie entire
navfil and military establishment of the United States costs
the Federal Government. So far from being really injured
by the loss of this island, theie is no doubt that, were it
peacefully transferred to the United Slates, a prosperous
comincice between Cuba and Spain, resulting from ancient
associations and common language and tastes, would be far
more productive than the best-contrived system of colonial
taxation. Such, notoriously, has been the result to Great
Biitam of the establishment of the independence of the
United States. The dcclme of Spam from the position
which she held m the time of Charles V. is coeval with the
foundation of hei colonial system ; while within twenty-five
I years, and since the loss of most of her colonies, she has
enured upon a. couisc of rapid improvement unknown
since the abdication of that emperor."
i\1r. Mai-cy, m his dispatch of July 23, 1853,
to Mr. Pierre Soule, says:
" Sir : Theie are circumstances in the affairs of Spain,
; having a connection with this country, which give unusual
i importance at this* time to the mission to that Government,
j The proximity of her remaining possessions in this hemis-
j phere— the Inlands of Culm and Porto Rico—to the United
i States, the present condition of the former, and the rumors
of contemplated change? in its internal affairs, complicate
our relations wnh Spain. The Island of Cuba, on account
ot its magnitude, situation, line climate, and rich pioduc-
tions, far supetior m all respects to any in the West India
group, is a very desirable possession to Spain, and, for the
same icasons, veiy diflicult for her to retain in its present
state of dependence. The opinion generally prevails among
the Euiopean nations that the Spanish dominion over it i3
insecure. This was cleailv evinced by the alacrity with
which both England and France, on occasion of the late
disiuibanccs in Cuba, volunteered their aid to sustain the
;: Spanish mle over it, afid by their lccent proposition to the
; i United States for a tnpaitite convention to guaranty Us pos-
j1 session 10 Spam. Without an essential change in herpres-
'' ent policy. such a change as she will most likely be unwill-
'! ing to make, she cannot, it is confidently believed, long
!, sustain, unaided, hoi piesent connection with that island.
;; " What will be it* destiny after it shall ceasc to be a de-
I i pendency of Spam, is a question with which some of the
.! principal Powers of Euiope have seen lit lo concern them-
II selves, and m which the United States have a deep and di-
i: reel interest
;j U1 had occasion, recently, in preparing instructions for
< our Minister to London, to present the views of the Presi-
' dent m telation to the niterfcicncc of Great Britain, as well
;! as of Fiance, in *■ * * * Cuban affairs. To
spare myself the labor of again going ovei the sameground,
, 1 heiewnh furnish you with an extiact from those mstruc-
11 lions.
I j tv The policy of the Government of the United States in
II regard to Cuba, m any contingency calling for our interpo-
j' silion, will depend,m agieat degiee, upon the peculiar cir-
' riimstniices of the case, and cannot, therefore, now be pre-
; sented with much precision bev'oud what is indicated in the
j' institutions before rofenedto". Nothing will be done on
1! our pai t to distuib us present connection with Spain, unless
11 the character of that connection should be so changed as to
! j affectour precentor piospective secuuty. While the United
!| States would resist at every hazard the transference of
! 1 Cuba to anv European nation, they would exceedingly re-
:' giet to see ftpain rcsoitmg to any Power for assistance to
■: uphold her i ule over it. Such a dependence on foreign aid
' would in effect invest the auxiliary with the charaetcr of a
, protector, and give it a pretext to interfere in our affairs,
■ and also goneially in those of the North American conti-
11 neat. In case of collision with the United States, such
. piotectmg Power would be in a condition to make nearly
1 ( the same use of that i<lnnd to annoy Us a  it could do if it
i were the absolute* possessor of it.
*' Our Mmi-ter at Madnd, dining th# administiation of
1 President Polk, was mstiucted to ascertain if Spain was
' disposed to tiansfer f'uba to the United States for a liberal
pecuinaiy consideration. I do not undeistand, however,
1 j that it was at the time the policy (if this Government to ac-
[ | quire that island, unless its inhabitants weie very generally
j; disposed toconcnr in the tiansfer. Under certain condi-
'! lions the United States might be willing to purchase it; but
