93
35th Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Report on the Acquisition of Cuba.
[January 24,
Senate. *
it is scarcely expected that you will find Spain, should you
attempt to ascertain tier views upon the -ubject, at all in-
clined to entermiosueh a negotiation. There is reason
believe that she is under obligations to Gi eat Britain and
France not to tranter this inland to the United States.
Were therenothingeise tojumiy this. belief hut the prompt-
ness with which these two Powers sent their naval forces
to her aid in the late Cuban disturbances, the proposition
for a tripartite convention to guaranty Cuba to ripam, and,
what is more significant than either of the above fact*, the
sou of joint piote>t by England and Fiance, to which I ad-
verted in my instructions to Mr. Buchanan, against some of
the views presented in Mi. Everett's letter of the 2d of De-
cembei la^t to Mi. Rai tise#., the French Minister, would
alone be satisfactory proofof such an ariangement. Inde-
pendent of any embarrassment of this nature, there aie
many other reasons foi believing that Spain wifl peitina-
ciously hold 011 to Cuba, ami that the separation, whenever
it takes piacc, will be the wotk of violence."
From these and other extracts that might be
presented, it is manifest that the ultimate acquisi-
tion of Cuba has long been regarded as the fixed
policy of the United States—necessary to the pro-
gressive develojiment of our system. All agree
that the end is not only desirable, but inevitable.
The only difference of opinion is as to the time,
mode, and conditions of obtaining it.
The law of our national existence is growth.
We cannot, if we would, disobey it. While we
should do nothing'to stimulate it unnaturally, we
should be careful not to impose upon ourselves a
regimen so strict as to prevent its healthful de-
velopment. The tendency of the age is the ex-
pansion of the great Powers of the world. Eng-
land, France, and Ilussm, all demonstrate the
existence of tins peivadmg principle. Their
growth, it is tine, only operates by the absorp-
tion, partial or total, of weakei Poweis—genoially
of lnlei lor races. So 1 ong us this extension of
territory is tin; result of geographical position, a
highet civilization, and greater aptitude for gov-
ernment, and is not pursued tn a direction to en-
danger our safety 01 impede our progress, we
have neither the right nor the disposition to find
fault with it. Let England puisue her march of
conquest ami annexation in India, France extend
her dominions on the southern shores of the
Med it erraneun, and advance her frontiers to the
Rhine, or Russia suhiugaie her bai bai ous neigh-
bors in Asia; we shall look upon their ptogress,
if not wilh fa\oi\at least with indifference. YVo
claim on this hemisphere the same privilege that
they exorcise on the other—
k< Uanc vein,1111 pciiiDihque damu-«f|iie viei>sim "
In thm they are but obeying the laws of their
organization. When they cease to grosv, they
Will soon commence that period of decadence
which is the fate of ail nations as of individual
man.
The question of the annexation of Cuba to the
United Slates, we repeat, is a question but of j
time. The fruit that was not ripe when John ;
Ciuinojr Adams penned lu.s dispaUh to Mr. For-
syth, (it has not yet been severed from its native
tiee, as he anticipated,) is now mature. Shall it
bo plucked by u i j K mily hand, picpan d to cum- j |
ponsute its propiuMoi with a pi nicely gueidonr !,
or shall it t'.ill dr caying to tin1 ground ? jj
As Spain cannot, long mamiain Inn- grasp on
till.-; distant colony, there are but three possible ;
alternatives in the future of Cuba: Fust, posses- j1
sion by one of the gieat European Poweis. This
we have declaied to be incompatible with our j
safety, and have announced to the world that any I,
attempt to consummate it will he resisted by all
the means in oar power. When fust we made !!
this declaration, w<> weie comparatively feible.
The struggle would have been feailul and un- j
equal; but we were piep.nvd to make it at what- 1
ever hazard. That declaration has often been
repeated since. With a population nearly tripled, '
our financial resouices and our mians, offensive j'
and defensive, increased jji an infinitely larger ii
proportion, we cannot now shrink from an issue J
thai all were then ready to meet,
_The second alternative is the independence of ]
tlie island. This independence could only be 'i
nominal; it never could be maintained in fact. It \\
would eventually full under some protectorate,
open or disguised. If under ours, annexation j;
would scum follow, as certainly as the shadow ii
follows the substance. An European protecto- ]
rate could not be tolerated. The closet philanthro- j,
pists of England and I'ranee would, as the piice Ii
of their protection, insist upon introducing their
schemes of emancipation. Civil and servile war
would soon follow; and Cuba would present, as
Hayti now does, no traces of its former prosper-
ity, but the ruins of its once noble mansions. Its
uncontrolled possession byeither France or Eng-
land would be less dangerous and offensive to
our southern States than a pretended independent
black empire^r republic.
The third and last alternative is annexation to
the United States. How and when is this to be
effected ? By conquest or negotiation ? Conquest,
even without the hostile interference of another
European Power than Spain, would be expensive;
but, with such interference, would probably in-
volve the whole civilized world in war, entail upon
us the interruption, if not the loss, of our foreign
trade, and an expenditure far exceeding any sum
which it has ever been contemplated to offer for
the purchase of Cuba. It would, besides, in all
probability, lead to servile insurrection, and to
the great injury or even total destruction of the
industry of the island. Purchase, then, by nego-
tiation, seems to be the only practicable course;
and, in the opinion of the committee, that cannot
be attempted with any reasonable prospect of suc-
cess, unless the President be furnished with the
means which he has suggested m his annual mes-
sage, and which the bill proposes to give him.
JYluch has been said of the danger of confiding
' such powers to the Executive; and from the fierce-
ness with which the proposition has been de-
nounced, it might be supposed that it was without
precedent. So far is this from being the case,
that we have three different nets upon the statute-
book, placing large sums of money at the dispo-
sition of the President for the purpose of aiding
bun in negotiations for the acquisition of territory.
The first is the act of February 2G, lbl)3. Although
its object was well known, namely: to be used
in negotiating foi the pui chase of Louisiana, the
act does not indicate it. It placed two million
dollars unresei vedly at the disposition of the
Presiden t, for t he pm pose of defray mg any "cx-
tiaordinai y expense which may be incurred in the ■
inleicouise between the United States and foreign |
nations.'1 Second. The act of Fein nary 33, 1806, 1
using piecisely the same phraseology, appropn- 1
ates (wo million dollars, it being understood that it 1
was it> bo used in negotiating for the purchase of
Florida. |
The act of 3d March, 18-17, " making further j
appropriation to brftiu; the ex isting \vn r with Mex-
ico lo a speedy and honorable conclusion," has ,
been adopted as the model on which the present ■
bill is framed. Its preamble states that— •
Whereas, in the adjiir-tment oi mi ;nnny complicated
quc-nonsa« iiowcmm between the two couati\v<, 11 may j
po^-il'lv inippt n 1 [nit an c\pcixlituie <>! money wilt be e.tlk <1 '
lor by the t-upuianons 01 anv trcaiv winch liiav be enteied
into . Thereiore, the sntn ol .*;i,M)l) (H)U he, and the Mint' is
lien by, appi opi i.iK'd, to enubje ihe I'le-idcM to conclude a i
u eai v ol peace, limnand bound.me*, u all the Republic 1
of Mcvico: to he n-eil b\ bun 111 !is>' event -an! tte;uy. when •
signed by ihe aulhonzcil a^ent* oi the two (Jovcinment^,
;iikI duk tfitilx d by Me\u o, -.hall coll foi the cAjumhUiie 1
of i lie i-ame, 01 any pau iiieicoi.-' • [
The bill now reported appropriates, under the !
.same conditions, #30,000,1)00 to make a treaty '
with Spam forthe purchase of the Island of Cuba.
It w 111 be perceived that this bill defines strictly
the object to which the amount appropriated shall i
be applied; and in this respect allows a much I
nturower range of discretion to the present Ex-
ecutive than the acts oi lfrU3 and 1806 gave to ,
Mr. Jiileison. In those cases the object of the !
appropriation was as well known to tin: country I
and to the wotld,asif it had been specifically
stated. The knowledge of that fact did not then j
m the slightest degree tend to defeat the intended j
object, nor can it do so now. Under our form of j
Government we have no state secrets. With us,
diplomacy has ceascd to he em eloped with the !
mysteries that of yore were considered insepa- '
rable fiom its successful exercise. Directness m
our policy, and frankness in its avowal, are, in
conducting ourforeign intercourse, not less essen-
tial to the maintenance of our national character
and the permanent interests of the Republic than
are the same qualities to social position and the
advancement of honest enterprise in private life.
Much has been said of the indtheacy of this !
mode of proceeding. That the offer to purchase I
will offend the Spanish pride, be regarded as an
insult, and rejected with contempt; that instead
of promoting a consummation that all admit to
be desirable, it will have the opposite tendency.
If this were true, it would be a conclusive ar-
gument against the bill; but a brief considera-
tion will show- the fallacy of these views. For
many years, our desire to purchase Cuba has
been known to the world. Seven years since,
President Fillmore communicated to Congress
the instructions to our ministers on that subject,
with ail the correspondence connected with it.
In that correspondence will be found three letters
from Mr. Saunders, detailing conversations held
with Narvaez and the Minister of Foreign Rela-
tions, in which he notified them of his authority
to treat for the purchase of Cuba; and while the
reply was so decided as to preclude him from
making any direct proposition, yet no intimation
was given that the suggestion was offensive. And
why should it be so? "We sitnply say to Spain,
you have a distant possession, held by a preca-
rious tenure, which is almost indispensable to
us for the protection of our commerce, and may,
from its peculiar position, the character of its
population, and the mode in which it is gov-
erned, lead, at any time, to a rupture which both
nations would depiecate. This possession, rich
though it be 111 all the elements of wealth, yields
to your treasury a net revenue not amounting,
011 the average of a series of years, to the hun-
dredth port of the price weaie prepared to give
you for it. True, you have heretofore refused to
consider our proposition; but circumstances are
changing daily. What may not have suited you
in 1848, may now be more acceptable. Should
a war bteak out in Europe, Spain can scarcely
hope to escape being involved in it. The people
of Cuba naturally desire to have a voice in the
government of the island. They may seize the
occasion to proclaim their independence, and you
may le^ict not having accepted the rich indem-
nity \\ e oifer.
j Hut even these arguments will not be pressed
j upon unwilling ears. Our minister will not broach
I the subject until he shall have good reason to be-
lieve that it will be favorably entertained. Such
an opportunity may occur when least expected.
Spam is tiie country of coups d'etat and pronun-
ciamentos. The all-powerful minister of to-day
may be a fugnive to-morrow. With the forms
of a representative government, it is, in fact, a des-
potism sustained by the bayonet; adespotism tem-
pered only by frequent, violent, and bloody revo-
lutions. Her financial condition is one of extreme
embarrassment. A crisis may arise when even
the dynasty may be overthrown unless a large
sum of money can be raised forthwith. Spain will
be in the position of the needy possessor of land
lie cannot cultivate, having all the pride of one to
whom it has descended through a long line of an-
cestry, but his necessities aie stronger than his
will; he must have money. A tin it 1 y neighbor
whose domains it will round off is at hand to fur-
nish it. He retains the old mansion, but sells
what will relieve him from immediate rum.
The President, in his annual message, has told
lis that we should not, if we could, acquife Cuba
by any other means than honorable negotiation,
unless circumstances which he does not antici-
pate render a departure from such a course justi-
fiable, under the imperative and overruling law
of self-preservation. lie also tells us that he de-
sires to renew the negotiations, and it may become
indispensable to success that he should be intrusted
with the means lor making an advance to the
Spanish Government immediately after the sign-
ing of the treaty, without waiting the ratification
ot it by the Senate. This, in point of fact, is an
appeal to Congress for an expression of its opin-
ion on the propriety of renewing the negotiation.
Should we fail to give him the means which may
be indispensable to success, it may well be con-
sidered by the President as an intimation that we
do not desire the acquisition of the island.
It has been asserted that the people of Cuba do
not desire a transfer to the United States. If this
were so, it would present a very serious objection
to the mea&uie. The evidence on which it is
based is, that on the receipt of the President's
message, addresses were made by the municipal
