•714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
House of Representatives, accompanied by a very-
able and elaborate report. It was, nevertheless,
passed in the House under the operation of the
previous question and sent to us. It is reported
frdm the Senate Committee on Public Lands with-
out any recommendation. And thus, those to
whom Congress in each House has confided the
special charge of the public domain, have never
given their assent to a proposition that proposes
to alienate an empire, ana for purposes wholly
beyond 4he limits of the authority of this Govern-
ment. We might at least pause before we g;ive
our assent to a proposition so extensive as this.
My honored colleague said, in moving to take
this bill from the table in order to proceed with
its consideration, that he had been instructed by
the General Assembly of Ohio to vote for the bill.
That was true at one time; there was such a res-
olution of instruction parsed by the General As-
sembly, on the suggestion that it was a measure
beneficial to agriculture, and without any due
consideration of the details and cost of the meas-
ure and the principles which it involved; but
that resolution never has been sent to the Senate,
nor has any copy of it ever been furnished to me,
and for the good reason that the Legislature at
the same session discovered the enormous error
into which it had been led, and one House re-
scinded the instruction; and at the session which
is now being held in the city of Columbus, the
other House has likewise rescinded it, and has
added a provision instructing my colleague and
me to vote against this bill.
Mr. WADE. I would inquire of my colleague
where he gets this information?
Mr. PUGII. From the city of Columbus.
Mr. WADE, I have read all the papers; but
I have seen no such account, and I have received
no such information.
^ Mr.PUGH. I get my information from the offi-
cial report, made by the order of the Legislature,
every day, in the newspapers published there.
So far as instruction stands, therefore, my col-
league is instructed to vote against the bill, as I
am; to vote against the donation of the public
land to any person but the actual settler. That
is the amendment of the House of Representatives
of our Legislature.
But, sir, if it were otherwise, this is not a new
question, and I have no doubt that the Legisla-
tures of other States have equally been led incau-
tiously into giving their assent to a measure which
has already been sufficiently considered in all its
details, and been rejected by Congress. This is
no new bill. With the amendment offered by the
Senator from California, it is a copy of the bill pro-
posed to be passed by both Houses in the Thirty-
.Third Congress for the benefit of the indigent
insane, simply substituting an agricultural college
for a lunatic asylum. That bill will be found in
the Journal of the Senate at length, (see the Jour-
nal of the Senate for the first session of the Thir-
ty-Third Congress, page 372,) and everything
contained in this House bill, without the proposi-
tion which the Senator from California proposes
to add, is to be found in that. That, however,
proposed to apportion the public lands m the com-
pound ratio of population and territory, and that
last iniquity is proposed to be added by the
amendment of the Senator from California, so as
to make it completely the bill which was before
considered in Congress. I say that bill was
passed; it was sent to the President of the United
States; and on the3d of May, 1854, it was returned
to the Senate with his objections, on the ground
that it was in violation of'the Constitution of the
United States; and the greatest difficulty I have
had to contend with is that the message of Frank-
lin Pierce leaves no further room for argument on
that subject, and, so far as I am concerned, in-
stead of repeating what he has so well said before,
I will present that veto message of his as part of
my speech.
To the Senate of the United States :
The bill entitled "An act making a grant of public lands
of the United States tor the benefit of indigent inj-ane per-
sons," which was presented to me on the 27th ultimo, has
been maturely considered, and is returned to the Senate, i
the House in which it originated, with a statement of the |
objections which have required me to withhold from it my I
appioval. |
i n the pcriormance of this duty prescribed by the Consti- 1
tution, I have been compelled to resist the deep sympathies '
of my own heart in favor of the humane purpose sought to ;
be accomplished, and to overcome tne reluctance with .
wijich I dissent from the conclusions of the two Houses < i |
Cb'ri&Ytfssf. ifciS pYesent mj5 own in opposition w the
action of a coordinate branch of the Government which
possesses bo fully my confidence and respect.
If, in presenting my objections to this bill, I should say
more than strictly belongs to the measure, oris required for
the discharge of my official obligation, iPt it be attributed to
a sincere desire to justify my act before those whose good
opinion I so highly value, and to that earnestness which
springs from my deliberate convictions that a strict adher-
ence to the teimsand purposes of the Federal compact offers
the best, if not the only security for the preservation of our
blessed inheritance of representative liberty.
The bill provides, in substance: First, that ten million
acres of land be granted to the several States, to be appor-
tioned among them in the compound ratio of the geograph-
ical area and representation of the said States in the House
of Representatives.
Second. That wherever there are public lands in a State
subject to sale at the regular price of private entry, the pro-
portion of said ten million acres, falling to such State,
shall be selected from such lands within it; and that to the
States in which there aie no such public lands, land scrip
shall be issued to the amount of their distributive shares,
respectively; said scrip not to be entered by said States, but
to be sold ny diem, and subject to entry by their assignees:
provided that none of it shall be sold at less than one dol-
lar per acre, under penalty of forfeiture of the same to the
United States.
Third. That the expenses of the management and super-
intendence of said lands, and of the moneys received there-
from, shall be paid by the Slates to which they may belong,
out of the treasuiy of said States.
Fourth. That the gross proceeds of the sales of such lands
or land scrip, so granted, shall be invested by the several
States in safe stocks, to constitute a perpetual fund, the
principal of which shall remain forever undiminished, and
the interest to be appropnated to the maintenance of the
indigent insane within the seveial Suites.
Fifth. That annual returns of land* or scrip sold shall be
made by the States to the Secretary of the Interior, and the
whole grant be subject to certain conditions and limitations
prescribed in the bill, to be assented to by legislative acts
of said States.
The bill, therefore, proposes that the Federal Government
shall make provision, to the amount of the value often mil-
lion acres of land, for an eleemosynary object within the
several States, to be administered by the political authority
of the same; and it presents at tiie threshold the question,
whether any Mich act on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment is warranted and sanctioned by the Constitution, the
provisions and principles of which arc to be protected and
sustained as a first and paramount duty.
It cannot be questioned that, if Congress have pow£r to
make provision for the indigent insane without the limits
of this District, it has the same power to provide for the
indigent who are not insane, and thus to transfer to the
Fedeial Government the charge of all the pooi and insane
m ail the States. It has the same power to provide hospitals
and other local establishments tor the care and cure of
every species of human infirmity ; and thus to assume all
that duty, of eithei public philanthropy or public necessity,
to the dependent, the orphan, the sick, or the needy, which
is now discharged by the States themselves, oi by corporate
institutions or private endowments existing under the legis-
lation of the States. The whole field of public beneficence
is thrown open to the care and culture of the Federal Gov-
ernment. Generous impulses no longer encounter the lim-
itations and control of our impeiious fundamental law; for,
however worthy may be the present object in itself, it is
only one of a class. It is not exclusively worthy of benev-
olent regard. Whatever considerations dictate sympathy
for this particular object, apply in like mannei,if not in the
same degree, to idiocy, to physical disease, to extreme des-
titution. IfCongrcss may and ought to provide for anyone
of these objccts, it may and ought to provide for them all.
And if it be done in this case, what answer shall be given
when Congress shall be called upon, as it doubtless will be,
to pursue a similar course of legislation in the others? It
will obviously be vain to reply that the object is worthy,
but that the application has taken a wrong direction. The
power will have been deliberately assumed, the general ob-
ligation will, by this act, have been acknowledged, and the
question of means and expediency will alone be left for
consideration. The decision upon the principle in any one
case detei mines it for the whole class. The question pre-
sented, there/ore, clearly is upon the constitutionality and
propriety of the federal Government assuming to enter into
a novel and vast field of legislation, namely : that of provid-
ing for the care and support of all those among the people
of the United States, who, by any form of calamity, become
fit objects of public philanthropy.
I readily, and I trust; feelingly, acknowledge the duty
incumbent upon us all, as men and citizens, and as among
the highest and holiest of our duties, to provide for those
who, in the my&tcuous ord«i of Providence, arc subject to
want, and to disease of body or mind ; but I cannot find any
authority in the Constitution for making the Federal Gov-
ernment the great almoner of public charity throughout the
United States. To do so would, in my judgment, be con-
trary to the letter and spirit of the Constitution, and sub-
versive of the whole theory upon which the Union of these
States is founded. And if it were admissible to contem-
plate the exercise-of this power for any object whatever, I
cannot avoid the belief that it would, in the end, be preju-
dicial, rather than beneficial, m the nobieoffiees of chanty,
to have the charge of them transferred from the States to
the Federal Government. Are we not too prone to forget
that the Federal Union is the creature of the States, not
they of the Federal Union ? We were the inhabitants of
colonies, distinct m local government one from the other,
before the Revolution. By that Revolution the colonies
each became an independent State, They achieved that
independence and secured its recognition by the agency of
a consulting body, which, from being an assembly of dis-
tinct sovereignties, instructed to agree to no form of govern-
ment which did not leave the domestic concerns of each
State to itself, was, appropriately denominated a Congress.
When, having tried the experiment of the Confederation,
ihev resolved ,to change that for trie jyesentfeder^ Upicm,
ana thiis- td confcr ou tUi Fc'de.&f GovVfrlniertt tffore afrsple
authority, they scrupulously measured such of the functions
of their cherished sovereignty as they chose to delegate to
the General Government. With this aim, and to this end,
the fathers of the Republic framed the Constitution, m and
by which theindependeiit and sovereign States united them-
selves for certain specified objects and purposes, and for
those only, leaving all powers not therein set forth'as con-
ferred on one or another of the three great departments—
the legislative, the executive, and the judicial— indubitably
with the States. And when the people of the several States
had, in their State conventions, and there alone, given
effect and force to the Constitution, not content that any
doubt should in future arise, as to the scope and character
of this act, they ingrafted thereon the explicit declaration
that" the powers not delegated to the United States by the
Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the States, are reserved
to the States, respectively, or to the people," can it be con-
troverted that the greatmass of the business of government,
that involved in the social relations, the internal arrange-
ments of the body politic, the mental and moral culture of
men, the development of local resources of wealth, the
punishment of crimes m general, the preservation of order,
the relief of the needy or otherwise unfortunate members
of society, did, in practice, remain with the States; that
none of these objects of local concern are, by the Constitu-
tion, expressly or impliedly prohibited to the States; 'and
that none of them are, by any express language of the Con-
stitution, transferred to the United States? Can it be claimed
that any ot these functions of local administration and
legislation are vested in the Federal Government by apy
implication ? I have never found anything in the Constitu-
tion which is susceptible of such a construction. No one
of the enumerated powers touches the subject, or has even
a remote analogy to it. The powers conferred upon the
United States have reference to Federal relations, or to the
means of accomplishing or executing things of Federal re-
lation. So, also, of the same character are the powers
taken away from the States by enumeration. In either case
the powers granted, and the powers restricted, were so
granted or so restricted only where it was requisite for the
maintenance of peace and harmony between the States, or
for the purpose of protecting their common interests, and
defending their common sovereignty against aggression
from abioad or insurrection at home.
I shall not discuss at length the question of power some-
timesclainied for the General Government under the clause
of the eighth section of the Constitution, which gives Con-
gress the power " to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts,
and excises, to pay the debts, and provide for the common
defense and general welfare of the United States," because
if it hasnot aheadybeen settled upon sound reason and au-
thority, it never will be. I take the received and just con-
struction of that aiticle, as if written, to Jay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, in order to pay the debts,
and in order to provide for the common defense and geue-
ral welfare. It is not a substantive general power to pro-
vide for the welfare of the United States, but is a limitation
on the grant of power to raise money by taxes, duties, and
imposts. If it were otherwise, all the rest of the Constitu-
tion, consisting of caiefully-enumerated and cautiously-
guarded grants of specific powers, would have been useless,
if not delusive. It would be impossible, in that view, to
escape from the conclusion that these were inserted only
to mislead for the present, and, instead of enlightening and
defining the pathway of the future, to involve its action in
the mazes of doubtful construction. Such a conclusion the
character of the men who framed that sacred instrument
will never permit us to form. Indeed, to suppose it sus-
ceptible of any other construction, would be to consign all
the rights of the States, and of the people of the States, to
the mere discretion of Congress, and thus to clothe the Fed-
eral Government with authority to control the sovereign
States, by which they would have been dwarfed into pro-
vinces or departments, and all sovereignty vested in an ab-
solute consolidated central power, against which the spirit
of liberty has so often, in so many countries, struggled in
vain. In my judgment, you cannot, by tributes to human-
ity, make any compensation for the wrong you would in-
flict, by removing the sources of power aud political action
from those who are to be thereby affected. If the time
should ever arrive when, for an object appealing however
strongly to our sympathies, the dignity of the States shall
bow to the dictation of Congress by conforming their legis-
lation thereto, when the power and majesty and honor of
those who created shall become subordinate to the thing of
their creation, I but feebly utter my apprehension that we
shall see the beginning of the end.
Fortunately, we are not left in doubt as to the purpose
of the Constitution, any more than as to its express lan-
guage; for although the history of its formation, as recorded
in the Madison papers, shows that the Federal Govern-
ment, in its present form, emerged from the conflict of op-
posing influences, which have continued to divide states-
men from that day to this, yet the rule of clearly-defined
powers and of strict construction presided over the actual
conclusion and subsequent adoption of the Constitution.
President Madison, in the Federalist, says: "The powers
delegated by the proposed Constitution are few and de-
fined. Those which are to remain in the State govern-
ments are numerous and indefinite." * * * *
44 Its [the General Government's} jurisdiction extends to
certain enumerated objects only, and leaves to the several
States a residuary and inviolable sovereignty over all other
objects."
In the same spirit, President Jefferson " invokes the sup-
port of the State governments mail their rights, as the most
competent administrations tor our domestic concerns, and
the surest bulwaik against anti-republican tendencies."
And President Jackson said that otfr true strength and wis-
dom are not promoted by invasions of the rights and powers
of the several States,t but that, on the contrary, they con-
sist, " not in binding the States more closely to the center,
but in leaving each more unobstructed in its proper orbit."
The framcrs of the Constitution, in refusing to confer
on the Federal Government any jurisdiction over these
purely local objects, in my judgment, manifested a wise
forecast and broad comprehension ot the true interests of
these objects tbejnselvei?. It is cl^ar that public charities
WitWn tnb Swtfcfs tfati tfe effectively a^mlmsrer'tM only fry
