718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
acre, is to locate them within her own borders.
It' is only States who have not public lands who
are to have scrip. That will, reduce the whole
proportion, we will say , for the purpose .of the
argument, one third, bringing it to four, million,
to be located by States who have no public lands
within their own borders. Now, to show how
entirety unfounded the fear, is that this may in-
jure, the. land States, reflect,'for a moment, that
there have been located from sixty to one hundred
million acres of bounty land warrants. More
thanten, and probably more than twelve times the
Mabnitt. provided for in this whole bill, has been
located in:the land States with land warrants,
■which occupy precisely a similar position with
the scrip provided by this bill; and yet the land
States have not been ruined; itis doubtful whether
they have beeninjured. Settlements, in some re-
spects, may have been retarded; but taxes are paid
upon the land located, and paid to support the
State, the county, the town, and the school dis-
trict; whereas, if those lands had remained in the
hands of the-Government, they would have paid
no tax at alt. It is. by no means a clear proposi-
tion that the location of lands, by land warrants
and by scrip, is injurious to aState. Undoubtedly
itis true, that if a State can be settled with actual
settlers, and have no foreign landholders in it,
and settle with rapidity, itis best for the State,
best for the United States, best for everybody.
The alarm, however—and that is what I wish to
correct—that the location of the entire amount
granted by this bill, six million acres, within the
States, will be prejudicial, when, as I say, more
than sixty million have been located by bounty
land warrants, and the States are not materially
hurt, is an alarm that certainly need not exist.
Desirous not to consume any time in the dis-
cussion of this measure, and ardently desirous
that it shall pass, I shall refrain from going into
any lengthy discussion on any of the questions
which have been raised.
Mr. RICE. I wish to say a word to the Sena-
tor from Michigan. Ha says that where there are
public lands within the limits of aState, that State
is to locate thegrant under this bill within her own
limits.'
Mr., STUART. Lands worth $1 25 an acre.
•Mr, RICE. Well, who is the judge of that?
" The value of said lands to be determined by the
Governor of said State." If it was against the in-
terest of tho State of Michigan to have those lands
located within her.limits, 1 venture to say that, in
the opinion of the Governor of that State, there
would not be an acre of land worth $1 25. As I
said before, the heading of the billgivesbut a faint
idea of its contents. In the third section it reads:
" That ail the expenses of management and supervision
of said lands, previous to their sales, and all expenses in-
curred in the management and disbursement of the moneys
which may be received therefrom, shall be paid by the
States to which they may belong out of the treasury of said
States."
Their agents will locate the land; and the third
section gives to the States tho right to control
them after they are located, until the State shall
have sold them. This issuing of scrip I under-
stand very well. It may not be sold; the States
will issue it to their own agents, and they will
locate the lands; they will follow along upon the
border of our settlement; they will follow on the
line of our railroads, and they will take every
acre of the land that is worth anything, and there
let it lie as an incubus on our prosperity, until it
shall be worth five, ten, twenty, or fifty dollars
an acre, and that value added to it by the labor
of the citizens of the State.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree partially with the
Senator from Michigan; but I beg leave to turn
his attention to the proviso of the second section:
"Provided, That in no case shall any State to which
land scrip may thus be issued, be allowed to locate the
same within the limits of any other State."
Is not the inference that arises from this, that
aState can locate the land within the limit of a
Territory? It is excluded from locating the land
within the limits of a State, but the inference may
be what I have stated. I mention this with re-
spect to this proviso. The proviso, it seems to
me, is unnecessary.
Mr. STUART. The Senator will allow me a
word on that point. Perhaps the provision to
which he alludes, standing alone, might possibly
justify that interpretation; but the Senator, by the
reading of the bill, will see that the States in
which there are no public lands worth $1 25 an
acre,.are to have scrip-issued to them, and they
are not allowed to locate that scrip at all, but are
directed to sell it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I admit that, and consequently
I think this proviso is superfluous and unneces-
sary. Without the proviso, the States have to
dispose of the scrip; but with the. proviso that
the State is not permitted to locate it in another
State, the inference may be that she is permitted
to locate it in a Territory, and that Territory may
become a State. Therefore, I suggest to the hon-
orable Senator to strike out the proviso.
Mr.. STUART. I have no objection to that.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the very decided
vote by which this bill has been made to super-
sede the annual appropriation bills, which are
usually considered the most important bills at the
close of a session, 1 presume indicates that it is
the sense of the Senate that the bill shall pass in
some form. What I have to say, therefore, can-
not be so appropriately addressed to the Senators
present to influence, if I could expect to influence
their judgment, as to inform those outside of the
Senate, and more especially those whom I have
the honor to represent here, of another instance
of the practical working of this Federal Govern-
ment.
Sir, to my conception it is one of the most ex-
traordinary engines of mischief, under the guise
of gratuities and donations, that I could conceive
would originate in the Senate. It is using the
public lands as a means of controlling the policy
of the State Legislatures. It is misusing the prop-
erty of the country in such mode as to bring the
appropriate functions of the State entirely, within
tlie scope of the bill, under the discretion of Con-
gress by a controlling power; and it is doing it in
the worst and most insidious form—by bribery,
direct bribery, and bribery of the worst kind; for
it is an unconstitutional robbing of the Treasury
for the purpose of bribing the States. That is
exactly what is to be found in the substance of
this bill, as I look upon the Constitution. I am
not going to argue here—it has been my unhappy
province more-than once to object to appropria-
tions of the public lands as unconstitutional, not
with any hope that any effort of mine could influ-
ence the judgment of the Senate, but to enlighten
that honored constituency whose property is thus
depredated upon. Why, sir, what.distinction can
honorable Senators make between the public lands,
the common property of the country, and the pub-
lic money, the common property of the country,
in the Treasury of the United States? What
earthly difference? The one is property, and the
other is the representative of property; and the
property itself is acquired by the use of the public
money.
I have had occasion to say here, and up to this
time to act upon it, and, so far as I can yet fore-
see events, am prepared to continue to act upon
it, that I will agree to the purchase of no more
land; amongst other reasons, because of the cor-
rupting uses to which it is put by the Federal
legislation. Suppose this bill was to appropriate
eight or ten million dollars from the Treasury,
for the purpose of building up agricultural col-
leges in the States, would honorable Senators who
patronize this bill vote for the direct appropria-
tion: and if they would not, why not? If they
have the power to do it, and they believe it is ex-
pedient to do it, why would they not just as well
take the money from the Treasury to build up
agricultural colleges, as take the public land? If
it be constitutional to do it, there is not only the
right, but the duty to do it, as much by the
money of the country as by the lands of the
country.
Sir, where do you get the power? If you have
the right to use the public property, or the public
motley either, to establish agricultural colleges,
cannot you establish a school system in each State
for general purposes of education? Would it not
be in the power of a majority in Congress to
fasten upon the southern States that peculiar sys-
tem of free schools in the New England States
which I believe would tend, I will not say to de-
moralize, but to destroy that peculiar character
which I am happy to believe belongs to the great
mass of the southern people. Ay, those New
England free schools, upon which they pride
themselves, and that system of social organiza-
tion in reference to those free schools, might just
as well be ingrafted on the policy of all the States,
by means of this same bribing process by which
they here propose to establish agricultural col-
leges, or any other system, 1 care not what. You
may build a system of hospitals with far more
propriety, in my judgment, in reference to consti-
tutional law, than this system of agricultural col-
leges.
There was a time when, if there was an appa-
rent misuse of the public lands by giving them
away, some plausible reason was assigned for it
in reference to the lands themselves. The im-
mense railroad grants that have been made with-
in the last two or three years, and which I think
it could be demonstrated were at the basis of the
late great commercial revulsion through the coun-
try, those enormous grants of land for railroads
were made on the ground that it was the best use
of the public property by improving the lands
through which the roads were to pass. Other
systems of donation have been placed upon the
plausible ground,and plausible only, as I thought,
that it was constitutional to do it because you
would use a portion of the public property in
such a way as to enhance the value of the rest.
But that day has gone by. Even that mere plaus-
ible pretext or evasion is abandoned, and here is
a proposition to take this public property to the
amount of nine orten million dollars in value, some
six or seven million acres, and to apply it directly
for the purpose of building up a system of agri-
cultural colleges to instruct the public mind upon
the subject of agriculture.
Sir, I do not know what States may be induced,
ifthe bill should pass, to become the eleemosynary
recipients of the bounty of the Government thus
given to them; but I know whatever States do
it, will place themselves in that relation to the
Federal Government which will inevitably lead
their people to believe that the Federal Govern-
ment is not only the source of office and honor,
but that itis the source of alms; for public charity
is dealt out to the States as States, and the assent
of the States is asked by the bill to become the
recipients of the alms of the Federal Government.
Now, sir, let us look at the provisions of this
bill. It prescribes on what terms the States shall
take the land. It prescribes the legislation that
shall follow after the lands are taken—legislation
to be conformed by the States to the policy of
the Federal Government in giving them this
alms, as the terms upon which they shall have it.
One provision is:
" Any State which shall take and claim the benefit of
the provisions of this act, shall provide, within five years,
at least, not less than one college, as described in the fourth
section of this act, or the grant to such State shall cease."
It is the extraordinary wisdom of those of us
who are assembled here representing the States
for the purposes of the Constitution, prescribing
to the States that a part of their domestic policy
shall be to build up agricultural colleges—an ex-
traordinary wisdom, indeed; and to induce them
to accept your proffer, you offer them a bribe.
If they do not build up these agricultural colleges,
if they do not adopt the policy of Congress for
the promotion of agriculture, then they are not
allowed to become the recipients of the alms of
the Government.
As I said before, I will not undertake to say
what States will accept it, or what States will
refuse it; but I will undertake to say this, that
when the public lands shall be ultimately disposed
of, if that day ever comes, and when the passions
of this day, and the avidity of this day, and more
than all, the policy of this day, shall have sub-
sided and passed into history, the State which
has refused to accept it will go upon the page of
history as one that was true to its constitutional
duties and to its constitutional faith, and that set
the example to her sister States of refusing the
bribe, although offered in this tempting form.
Then it provides further, that the States shall
provide by their legislation, for an annual report
to be made of " the progress of each college, re-
cordingany improvements and experiments made,
with their cost and results, and such other mat-
ters as maybe supposed useful;" and that report
is to be transmitted to all the other colleges, " and
to the Smithsonian Institution, and the agricul-
tural department of the Patent Office at Washing-
ton." The States then, are, by law, to provide
for these r-eports, giving the progress of agricul-
tural improvement within their separate borders,
