96
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the Acquisition of Cuba.
Ho. of Reps.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
JAOTAIIY 84, 1859.
Mr. Branch, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, proposes at a proper time to submit the
following report to occompany bill H. R. No. 678:
The Committee on Foreign Affair?, to whom
were referred House bill, No. 678, " A bill ap-
propriating money to enable the President to settle
unadjusted differences with the Government of
Spain, and for other purposes;" and also House
bill, No. 684, " A bill authorizing the President
to obtain a loan of money for a certain purpose;"
have had the same under consideration, and now
report:
At the close of their struggle with Great Brit-
ain for independence, the United States possessed
no territory on the Gulf of Mexico, their south-
ern boundary, being nearly coincident with the
present northern boundary of Florida-, extended
to its intersection with the Mississippi river at
3K>'of north latitude.
The Mississippi river, then their western bound-
ary, was far west of the extreme frontier settle-
ments, and their productions being entirely east of
the Aileghames, commerce needed no ports ex-
cept on the Atlantic seaboard.
In 1795, Spam held all the shores of the Gulf;
but in 1800 ceded Louisiana, from the Peidido to
the Sabine, to France.
After the close of the war of independence, our
settlements spread westward, and the nch valley
between the Aileghnmes and the Mississippi soon i
received a haidy and enterprising population, un- !
der whose industry us fertile soil and unequaled
resources were beginning to furnish material for
an incalculable commerce. Tins commerce neces-
sarily sought, the ocean through the Mississippi,
and 'as the mouth of the river was in possession,
first, of Spain, and afterwards of France, jealousy
and ill feeling were engendered between friendly
nations, constantly threatening hostile collisions,
against which the prudence of rulers could fur-
nish no guarantee.
Napoleon Bonaparte,'who was then at the head ,
of the French nation, is known to have cherished !
no policy more aidently than that of building up j
for France a commerce that should rival that of !j
England; and though fully alive to the import- I
mice of Louisiana as n means towaid accomplish- j
iiii; tins object, lie did not hesitate, in 1803, to :|
cede it to us tor the sake of preserving amicable !
relations between the two nations. Lie well knew
that every consideration of justice demanded of
him the cession, and thatthe pndeand obstinacy
of rulers ought not to stand m the way of the pros-
perity of large bodies of the human race. He
also knew that however sohcitums thus Govern-
ment might be to restrain its citizens from ag-
gressions, it was not possible for it to do so under
circumstances so well calculated to invite them.
If Napoleon had Wen less a Matesman, and had
attempted to block up the mouth of the Missis-
sippi, tt cannot be doubled that lon«; and bloody
wars between Fiance and the United .States would
have ensued, and that Louisiana would have been
added to our Union at an enormous expense of]
blood and treasure. * j
By the acquisition of Louisiana, we became one i
of the Powers on the Gulf of Mexico, nnd by the j
subsequent purchase o( Florida lrorn.Spam, and j
the annexation of Texas, we have become the
paramount Power, having the unquestionable
right to demand that, on its waters and around its
borders, our peace and prosperity shall not be in- i
terrupted or endangered. Around it our social
nnd political institutions prevail, and on it floats ;
the commerce of fifteen States of the Confederacy. I
No other commerce worth mentioning is found
there except ours, and we have a right to regard
it, in all matteis involving our security, as an
inland sea.
Since the acquisition of California, passengers
and mails in passing between the Atlantic and Pa-
cific, seek a point of transit across the continent
where it is narrower than at any point within our
teriitori.il limits. There are three points at which
it may be conveniently traversed, each presenting
some advantage peculiar to itself. The first or
most northerly is at the Isthmus of Tehuantepec,
within the Republic of Mexico; the second in the
Territory of Nicat&eua; and the third at the Isth-
mus of Panama, in New Granada. It is important
to us that all these routes should be kept open,
as the competition between rival lines could not
fail to be advantageous to our citizens. But the Te-
huantepec route being within the Gt^lf of Mexico,
we had a just right, as the predominant Power in
the Gulf, to claim a free and exclusive right of
way over it for our citizens, mails, and property,
passing: between the Atlantic and Pacific portions
of the Union. The Government of Mexico, with
a clear appreciation of its own interest, and a lib-
eral sense of what was due to us, has authorized
the construction of aiailroadat this point, and by
the treaty of the 30th of December, 1853, guaran-
tied to the United States the full and unrestricted
right of transit over it, with the privilege to " ex-
tend its protection as it shall judge wise to it when
it may feel sanctioned and warranted by the pub-
lic or international law," and with the further
stipulation, " nor shall any interest in said transit
way, nor in the proceeds thereof, be transferred
to any foreign Government." By this liberal and
enlightened course; on the part of Mexico, we
have been enabled to secure within the Gulf of
Mexico a transit route as free, and m every ros-
pcct as advantageous to us, as if it wag witlrin our
own limits.
By securing the Tehuantepec transitM'ight, we
have diverted into the Gulf the coastwise inter-
course between the Atlantic and Pacific, and
thereby added incalculably to the large commer-
cial interests we already have there.
It will l)e seen from this brief review that Spain,
France, Texas, and Mexico, have voluntarily
placed us m a position, territorially, on the Gulf,
which has made it to us almost an inland sea.
Having thus voluntarily, and for ample consider-
ation, made us free use a necessity to us, can they
justly withhold any additional concessions that
experience has shown to be indispensable to our
peace and security?
It is worthy of remark that Spain has nt all
times shown more reluctance to make amicable
territorial arran^-ments with us than any other
nation with whom we have been coterminous.
Its pride seems only to have revolted against ces-
sions to us, and to have prevented no obstacles to
cessions to other Powers. Louisiana and Florida
were time and again transferred and re-transferred
between Spain, France, and England, so that it
is almost as difficult to trace their history as it is
to date the various transfers of a persona! chattel.
Yet, when Flnnda became indispensable to the
secunty of the United States, and we proposed
to putchase it, Spanish pride instantly revolted.
Our Government so scrupulously respects the ter-
ritoi ial rights of neighboring nations, and so hon-
orably discharges all the duties of good neighbor-
hood, that fe\v persons are aware how sorely the
patience and foibearance of the generation pre-
ceding ours was tried by the obstinacy of the
Spanish ruleiH m regard to Florida. All efforts
to purchase? it having failed, Congress, in 3811
and 1813, in secret session, passed the following
acts, which were not printed and promulgated
until after the lapse of several years:
tfesolution and acts relative to occupation of the Floiidas
l>y the United Slates of America.
Taking into view the peculiar situation ol Spam and her
Aiii'tkmii piovme<'°, and considering the inthienee which
the de-tiav ot the tetiuoi\ adjoining the southern tioulei of
the United Siatis may have upon then secuuty, tianquil-
m, and eomniciee : Therefoie.
Rviolrrd It/ the Seville and House of Representative* of
the L'mted States of Amcrica in Conassembled, That
the United Slate-, undci !he peculiar cncuinstances of the
c\i-tnigcti-.is, cannot, witbour ^oiunu inquietude, see any
part ol the -aid temtoiy pa--; mto the hand* of any foreign
Power, and Unit a due regard to their own safety compels
rliem io piovnle, undei eeiiaui contingencies, lor the tem-
poi.uy occupation ot the Mud tenltoiy; they at the same
tune declare that the said leuitory shall, in then hands,re-
main subject to tutuie negotiation.
Approved, Januan 15,1811
An act to enable the President of the United States, under
certain contingencies, to take possession nf the country
lying east ot the nvei Perdido and south of the State of
Georgia and the Mississippi Temtoiy, and for other pur-
poses :
Be it cnaclad bv the Senate and Howe of Re) rccntafives
of the I'nitvJ St'rf~e> of Awn^a in Congress < issewLled. That
the I'n sident ol the United States he. and he i  hereby, au-
tiionzed to ta!v*' possesion (>i and oecup\ .til 01 an\ pari of
the tenttnry lying ea>tof the nvni Peidido and south of the
State oi Georgia and the Mississippi Teintory, m case an
ariangement has been or shall he made with the local au-
thority of said territory for delivering up the possession of
the same, or any part thereof, to the United States ; or, m
event of an attempt to occupy the said territory, or any part
thereof, by any foreign Government; and he may, for the
purpose of taking possession and occupying the territory-
aforesaid, and in order to maintain therein the authority of
the United States, employ any part of the Army oi Navy of
the United States which may be necessary.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That $100,000 be ap-
propriated for defraying such expenses as the President
may deem necessary for obtaining possession as aforesaid,
and the security of the said teriitory, to he applied, under
the direction of the President, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. And be it further enacted, That in ease posses-
sion of the teinforv aioiesaid shall he obtained by the United
States, as afoie^aid, that, until other provision be made by
Congress, the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to
establish, within the territory aforesaid, a temporary gov-
ernment; and the military, civil, and judicial powers
thereof, shall be vested in such person and persons, and be
exercised in such manner as he may direct, for the protec-
tion and maintenance of the inhabitants of the said terri-
tory, in the full enjoyment of their liberty, property, and
religion.
Approved, January 15, 1811.
An act concci nmg an act to enable the Pi esident of the Uni-
ted States, under certain contingencies, to take posses-
sion of the oountiy lying east of the river Perdido and
south of the State oi'Gcoigia and the Mississippi Territory,
and for other puiposes, and the declaration accompany-
ing the same.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Amcrica in Congress assembled, That
this act and the act passed during the present session of Con-
gress, entitled " An act to enable the President of the Uni-
ted States, under certain contingencies, to take possession
of ihe country lying east of the iiver Perdido and south of
the State of Georgia and the Mississippi Teintory, and for
other purposes," and the declaration accompanying the
same, be not printed or published until the end ot the next
session ol Congress, unless directed by the President of the
United States ; any law or usage to the contrary notwith-
standing.
Appioved, March 3, 18-11.
An Act authorizing the President of the United States to
take possession of k tract of country lying south of the
Mississippi Teriitory, and west ot the river Perdido.
" Be it enacted by the Senate and House oj Rejn esentalivei,
of the United S tat a of America in Congress assembled, That
the Piesident he, and he is hereby, authorized to occupy
and hold .ill that tiact of countiy called West Florida,
which lie- west of the river Peuhdo, and now in possession
of the United States.
Slc. 2. And be it further enacted, That, for the purpose
of occupying and holding the countiy afoiesaid, and of
alToiding piotection to the inhabitants theieof, under the
authority of the United States, the Prescient may employ
suchpaits of the military and naval foice of the United
States as he may deem necessary.
See. 3. And he it further enacted. That, for defraying the
nccessaiy expenses, &20.000 i< hereby appiopriated, out of
any moneys m the Tiea-urvnot otherwise appropriated,
and be applied for that purpose under the direction of the
Piesident.
Approved, February 12,1813.
Happily no necessity arose for the exercise by
the President of the extraordinary powers con-
ferred on him by these acts, and they became ob-
solete on the subsequent acquisition of Florida
by the treaty of 22d of February, 1819.
It is a fact of some significance that these acts
and resolutions were for the first time published
and promulgated with the laws, pending the ne-
gotiation of the treaty for the Session of Florida.
Even after the treaty had been signed by the
plenipotentiaries of the contracting parties, the
Spanish Government withheld its ratification on
frivolous pretenses until the 24th of October, 1820,
nearly two years; and so completely had the pa-
tience and forbearance of our Government been
exhausted, that President Monroe, in his annual
message of December, 1819, brought the subject
to the attention of Congress, and said:
" Fiom a full view of all the circumstances it itf pub-
mitted to Congiess whether it will not bo proper for the
United States to cairy the conditions of the treaty into ef~
teot. m the same manner as if it had been latirled bj Spam;
claiming, on their part, all its advantages, and yielding to
Spam those secured to her."
From these legislative and executive manifest-
ations, immediatejy preceding and succeeding our
last war with England, we might deduce an ex-
ample which we do not follow, because we may
now safely repose on the conviction that our
power is adequate to our protection under any
emergency.
Of the immense colonial possessions once held
by Spain m this quarter of the globe, none remain
under her authority except the islands of Cuba
and Porto Rico. To her they are distant and ex-
pensive appendages, in no way connected with or
participating in her Government, adding nothing
