1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
II
==
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the Acquisition of Cuba.
Ho. of Reps.
to her power, and held solely for the advantages
derivable to the mother country from a monopoly ,
of their trade. Though the inhabitants of Cuba j
are probably more heavily taxed than any other i
population in the world—eight hundred thousand j
free persons, of whom two hundred thousand are ;
free negroes, paying more than twenty-three mil- ]
Hon dollars per annum—yet Spain derives little or ,
no advantage from the revenue, it being absorbed i
in the support of nearly twenty-five thousand j
peninsula troops and a numerous navy, on and i
around the island, to keep it in subjection. "Whilst s
Spain held large colonies on the main land of the \
continent, especially whilst Mexico, Texas, Lou- j
isiana, and Florida, were under its rule, Cuba was 1
important to her as a commercial entrepot, and 1
also as a military outpost from which were fitted j
out her expeditions to Mexico and Central and i
South America. Its importance in that respect ;
seems to have been appreciated by her and recog- j
nized by other nations; for whilst Louisiana and j
Florida repeatedly changed sovereigns, Cuba j
never has, from the time the Spanish flag was j
planted upon it by Columbus, in 1492, except for |
a short time, during which Great Britain held it ;
by conquest. Its value to Spam, in this respect,
has entirely ceased, and it has become of even I
greater importance to us as her successors in Flor- |
ida, Louisiana, and Texas. Our rights and ob- i
ligations in reference to the Gulf and the nations j
lying around it, to which the committee has al- ;
ready adverted, demand that the Island of Cuba j
should constitute a State of our Confederacy, !
bound to us not only by a common Constitution, j
but by the bonds of mutual interest, and side by ;
side with the sister States of the Union, aiding to ,
placc under our flag the richest and freest cum- |
merce the world has ever seen. j
Us importance to our national security , and for !
the protection of our foreign and coastwise com-
merce , will be perceived from considerations which j
we will briefly present. j
Into the Gulf of Mexico empty all the rivers of ;
Texas, the Mississippi and its tributaries, all the j
rivers of Alabama, and a portion of those ofGeor- j
gia and Florida, furnishing twenty-five thousand \
miles of inland navigation, and bearing towards j
the markets of the world the surplus productions
of fifteen of the'most fertile States in the Union.
The trade of the ports in the Gulf may be set down
at $200,000,000 per annum, as follows:
Expoits of domestic produce to foreign eowitiiec (offi-
oj.il) $113.;>4J,36? 00
luniort- fium fningn count) see. (official)... J9 703,^0 00 (
Kvpoits p<>nciw ((Muiiiited).     20,000,001) 00 j
impute eua^uvj^e (estimated)    4*/,UlW,OoO 00 j
No one can doubt that these figures are much j
lower than might be safely assumed, and that j
within a very few wars the same trade will amount
' to $.500,000,000, independently of the trade with
California over the 'Tehuantepec route, which
bafiles all computation.
The gulf into which all this trade is annually
poured"is in the form of a distended bag, its con-
tacted mouth being presented towards the At-
lantic ocean. All vessels going into or out of it
must pass through this mouth; and just between
the headlands of Florida and Yucatan, which
form the mouth, is situated the island of Cuba.
An enemy's fleet lying m its harbors, andciuis-
in<s m the uanow straits which separate it from 1
Florida on one side and Yucatan on the other,
could effectually close the gates of the Gulf and
luck in the whole trade of the valley of the Mis-
sissippi. _ . .
When Fiance was in possession of Louisiana,
the commerce of the Mississippi was little more
at its mercy than it is now at the mercy of Spain
and her allies. By our treaty of peace with Great
Britain, in 1782, we were entitled to the free nav-
igation of tliat river from its source to us mouth,
and we could maintain our li^htso long as we had
a pn pond^rance on land, although both banks,
near the mouth, were m the iunds of a foreign
Power; but now we are secure only so long as
wo mainti-m .j naval superiority over Spam and
all the allies she may array against us. If the
sohc.tude of our fathers to remove foreign Pow-
ers from the banks of the Mississippi, because
they might interrupt us navigation, was well
founded," it is amazing that there should not be
greater solicitude on the part of their children to
remove Spain from the mouth of the Gulf Talc-
New Series.—No. 7.
ing into account the growth of our western States ;
and the vast increase of theirproductions, the ac- i
quisition of Cuba mufet be far more important to
them now than that of Louisiana was in 1803.
Owing to adverse currents, intricate channels,
and other causes controlling the movements of
mariners, the majority of vessels navigating be-
tween the Gulf and the Atlantic seaboard pass to
the southward of the Island of Cuba, and the
island, therefore, bears the same relation to the
track of our navigators that Florida would bear
to it if they could pass to the north of the island.
It is, practically, the salient point of the Florida
peninsula; and, defensively, the Florida cape h of
no more value to us than a position on the northern
border of the Everglades, because there is a much
stronger position in advance of it held adversely.
Nothing can be more irritating to an independ-
ent and spirited nation, or better calculated to pre-
cipitate collisions, than to have such vast and del-
icate interests as our most important coastwise
intercourse compelled to pass almost within hail
of foreign fortifications, and to run the gauntlet
of alien fleets. Hence, our relations with Spain
aie constantly of a semi-hostile character, and our
Minister at Madrid can do little else than wrangle
with the Government to which he is accredited i
! about high-handed outrages and petty grievances
| inflicted upon our citizens, which Spanish officials
; in Cuba are armed with full power to inflict, but
| none to redress.
| The following list of unredressed cases, pend-
! ing in 1854, resembles more the criminaTdocket
i of a county court than the portfolio of a minister
| plenipotentiary:
1 1. The bark Zulette.
2. Claim of the heirsof Alexander!). Harang.
3. The bark Godefroy.
4. Imprisonment of Mr. West.
5. Shipwreck of iho Noith Carolina,
fi. Piisoners taken at Coutoy.
7. The Crescent City.
8. Schooner Manchester.
9. Firing, with ball, at the lllack Warrior.
10. Seizure and detention of the Black Warrior.
11. A large number of claims arising out of the
irregular repeal of an oider admitting giain and
timber free of duty.
12. fteciamationsfor port and navigation duties
improperly exacted.
Jf some of these cases have been settled since
1854, others have been added to the docket-, and
it is not likely that it will be reduced whilst our
present relations to the island are maintained.
If Long Island was m possession of a foreign
Power, and the morning gun from its bristling
fortifications could be heard m our great commer-
cial metropolis, would it not be the signal to bat-
tle ? IIow long could a foreign flag float there,
whether defended by twenty-five thousand or
thrice twenty-five thousand troops ? What Gov-
ernment here could keep the peace with the intru-
der? Our Government has kept the peace with
Spain, and its ability to do so is proof of our scru-
pulous respect for the rights of others, and of the
obedience of our western and southwestern citi-
zens to law and the constituted authorities. It is
well known that large bodies of men in i he United
States have been eager to assail the Spanish power
in the West Indies, and have only been restrained
by the stern mandates of theirown Government.
They have passed and repassed, m peace and in
war; once, when returning flashed with victory,
and armed with the weapons that wrested from
Mexico indemnity for wrongs no greater than have
been inflicted on us by Spain. More joccntiy our
squadrons have passed,'to avenge on Paraguay
an insult to the flag. Yet what hus Paiaguay done
comparable to the insults that we have more than
once received in Cuba?
Under any ciicumstances, the geographical po-
sition of Cuba would render ita souice of annoy-
ance and irritation to us, so long as it remains jn
the hmdsof a foreign Power; and it would con-
stantly d:xfmb our friendly relations with its pos-
sessor. But the Spanish Government Ims never
seemed desirous to render it as little so a:' possi-
ble. It will neither guard against wrongs io us,
nor redress them. The President says:
<>\VhiM the captain geneial of Cuba is invested with gen-
eral despotic authont} m the government of that island,
the pow£r is withheld fiom hnn to examine and redress
wrongs committed by officials under bis control on subjects
of the United Stales. Instead of making our complaints
airectly to hnn at Havana, we aie obliged to present them
through our Minister at Madrid. These are then referrea
back to the captain genera! for information, and much time
is thui  consumed in preliminary investigations and^corrg-
ppondence between Madrid and Cuba, before iheap&nish
Government will conscnt to proceed to" negotiation." ~ J,
The committee entirely concur with the PrewU
dent in the following sentiments:
" It has been made known to the world by my predeeps-
soiv that the United States have, on several occasions, en-
deavored to acquire Cuba fiom Spain, by honorable nego-
tJation .", * * * * We would not, if we could, ad-
quire Cuba in any other manner. This is due to our national
character. All the territory which we have acquired since
the origin of the Government, has been by fair purchase
from France, Spain, and Mexico, or by the fieeand volun-
tary act of the independent State of Texas, in blending her
destinies with our own. This course we shall ever pursue,-
mile.*-? ciicuniPtancos should occur, which we do not now
anticipate, leiulcnng a departure fiom it clearly justifiable
under the iinpeiaave and ovciruhng law of self-preserva-
tion."
The attempts to acquire it, alluded to by the
President, have been m 'de by the Executive with-
out the express sanction of Congress, though it is
not doubted that they have met its hearty appro-
bation and that of the American people. Perhaps
a pioposition made with the express sanction of
Congress may receive a more favorable consider-
ation from the Spanish Government. Until such
a -proposition has been made and rejected, we
ought not to consider " honorable negotiation "
exhausted, nor would itbeproperto discuss what
course would be demanded of us " under the im-
perative and overruling law of self-preservation."
litis certain that the Executive will take, and Con-
gress will ^sanction, 110 step which will not be
sanctioned bv the practicee, if not by the public
sentiment, of all civilized nations.
In addition to commercial privileged for a lim-
ited time in the ports of Cuba, similar to those
granted to Spain in the ports of Florida, and to
France in those of Louisiana, and even greater
privileges ll'Spain should desire them, the United
States could afford to pay an equivalent in money
for the change-of flags. It is true that the prin-
cipal pecuniary gam from the acquisition would
inure to those classes of our citizens engaged in
commerce, navigation, and manufactures, on
whom the taxation to pay the equivalent would
fail with the least weight: but the producing classes
also would be largely benefited, and it is not
doubted that, in consideration of the political and
commercial advantages to the whole nation, they
would cheeifully bear their proportion of the
burden.
No piospect, of pecuniary gain could induce the
■ people of the United States to sanction an act of
wrong, and 110 arguments will ever be necessary
1 to reconcile them to pay the cost of national se-
curity. Kut as the sum proposed to be appropri-
ated is large, and the people under our Govern-
ment demand, and have the right to receive, from
the representative body full explanations as to
every legislative act, it is our duty to lay before
the House the information which has guided us in
settlingtheamountofappropiiation recommended.
The committee, therefore, present to the Houee
statistical facts, drawn from official and reliable
sources, showing the advantages which may be
expected to result from the acquisition to the
leading industrial interests of our country:
1. To the agricultural.
2. To the manufacturing
3. To thg navigation.
4. To the commercial.
Most of the facts are drawn from the official
report of the ''Commercial Relations of the United
States with all Nations,''prepared at the State
Department and published by order ol Congress,
and where a due regard to brevity will permit, the
language of that report will be adopted.
1. The advantage to our agricultural classes
would be two-fold:
First. Of articles used mainly by them we im-
ported from Cuba, in 1833, as follows: Molasses,
$3,051,150: sugar, $15,555,409.
On ukvo articles, an expoitduty wis collected by the Span-
 • h Government of j£7.>U C0U
An import dut> of uvmty-umr pel cent, wa* col-
lected by the rimed Ftates -1,405,5 <o
Tax <m ^ugarnnprnu dfioin oliioi eoiintriCo,which
would come fiom Cuba ftee 1,1^0,609
Total   6.310.184
