&
98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the Acquisition of Cuba.
In 1854, the island imported articles of subsist-
ence to the value of #19,000,000, all of which,
under free tcade, would be furnished by us.
Enough has been stated from official sources
alone, without exaggeration, and without addi-
tions which might be legitimately made, to show
that the acquisition of the island would promote,
in a wonderful degree, the prosperity of our ag-
ricultural classes. The sugar planters of Louis-
iana might find theirprofits somewhat curtailed.
But it must not be forgotten that the first attempts
to produce sugar in Louisiana resulted in such
signal failures that the business was abandoned,
and for a great many years the soil and climate
were regarded as altogether unsuited to its pro-
duction. Circumstances having caused a renew-
al of the attempt, perseverance and skill finally
established it as a lucrative and apparently a
permanent business. But of lato years serious
apprehensions have been entertained that it is
about to be blighted again, and that, perhaps,
in a very few yeais, our whole supply of sugar
from that source may be cut off by uncontroll-
able natural causes. Fortunately, the soil and
climate are well adapted to the production of
cotton, and the most serious disaster that can
befall the planter is the necessity of transferring
his capital from the-production of sugar to that
of cotton.
Congress has always manifested a great desire
that we should be independent of foreign nations
for our supply of sugar; and, with a view to pro-
tect antrfoster the production of it at home, heavy
duties have been imposed on the foreign article.
Although the consumers have borne this heavy
bill den for many years, the increase of produc-
tion has not kept pace with the increase of con-
sumption. The amount produced at home has
scarcely, in any one year, equaled half the con-
sumption; while, in 1855, it was barely a third;
in 1850, only a tenth; 1857, about an eighth.
Table compiled from tUdisiia contained in Homan^s Cyclo-
pedia of Commerce.
Sl'ttAR.
Total jnoduced Total < onsinncd
m Louisiana, in United States.
Year. Pounds. I'oinuh.
1K">  0.11 a9 1,000 4Xi.73(j.009
JS:V5 •m,!.-,6,000 9^7* 1- ! Hil
1 bf>4 3tf.Vrftf,000 M:K067,3<>0
l8.->r> 2T,i}3 bO.OOO 071,-1-27.000
1   «1,:)73^00()
1KV7  K7,360)000 62^.1)13,(100
Tiio impoi ration for the year was.">I9,03fi,2.->fi pound5!.
No moans aic at hand for ascertaining the pioduaion in
Louisiana.
Ilomanti't: tabic hay hern compared with Champonior's
rcpoit, and no variance id found prejudicial to Louisiana.
These facts and figures ■show conclusively (and
none more regret it than the committee) that Lou-
isiana cannot supply our wants, and must prepare
for the free importation of sugar from other quar-
ters; as it cannot be supposed that the consumers
—our entire population—will consent to be taxed
much longer on an article of universal consump-
tion, and almost a necessary of life, for a purpose
which it in obvious cannot be accomplished. The
only feasible plan for the attainment of so long;
cherished an object — independence of foreign
countries for our sugar-—is by the introduction
of Culm into the Union. Louisiana has on all
occasions shown a patuotic devotion to the inter-
est of the whole Union, and having had the liberal
aid of the Government towards the development
ol her full sugar-producing capacity, will no doubt
surrender it without a murmur, when it is certain
that she lias not the capacity to supply the de-
mand; and that the protection she enjoys is sim-
ply a tax of twenty-four per cent, on the whole
sugar consumption of the Union, for the benefit
of her few sugar planters.
2. The benefits to the manufacturers. No na-
tion in Europe has clung with so much pertinacity
to the sclf-aggrandizmg colonial policy as Spam.
Others have sometimes relaxed their colonial re-
strictions when relaxation seemed necessary to
the maintenance of their dominion. Spam, on
the contidry, lias lost her whole colonial empiie
except Cuba and Poito Rico, because her pride
revolted at any concessions. While she held sway
over almost all the gold and silver mines m the
world, she vainly strove to dry up the life-blood
of the wealth of the world, and to prevent its dif-
fusion beyond her own borders by prohibiting the
Ho. of Reps.
But this does not exhibit the whole saving. So
long as the domestic production of these articles*
is less than the consumption, the import duty of
twenty-four per cent, levied by this Government
enable? the domestic producer to exact twenty-
four *per cent, more than he could get if the for-
eign article was not enhanced in price by the
duty. It is clear that if the duty was taken off, so
that Cuban sugar and molasses could be bought
twenty-four per cent, cheaper, the Louisiana prod-
uce would also be sold twenty-four per ccnt.
cheaper, or not at all. This amounts to about
eignt million dollars per annum, on which twenty-
four per cent, amounts to §1,920,000, making an
aggregate annual saving on sugar and molasses,
mainly to the agricultural closses, of #8,266,184.
On the importation ofl857, the saving would have
been over fifteen million dollars.
"A superficial observer may say that this saving
will constitute no real gain; because, if the Gov-
ernment is~deprived of the revenue it now derives
from sugar and molasses, it must levy an equal
amount upon some other article consumed by the
same class.
This view is by no means correct; for when
our revenue system is extended over Cuba, its
citizens will pay into the Treasury an amount
averaging, undor our present tariiT, about twenty
per cent, on ail their foreign importations. It is
not possible to estimate what this may be.
Second. By opening the island to the intro-
duction of our agricultural productions free of
duty, the acquisition would furnish to that class
n large and most important market for their sur-
plus. jt
BreadstufTs,nnd provisions generally, of which
we raise so bountiful a supply, arc produced to a
very small extent in Cuba; and yet, owing to the
discriminating duties and onerous charges and
restrictions imposed by the Spanish Government,
we are unable to supply our nearest neighbors
what we have in such superabundance, and they
so much need,
<k The duty in Cuba on Hour imported fiom Spain is $2 50;
on that imported from t he United Slates in Anieiiean or othci
foreign bottoms it i* $10 rtl, the ell>el of wlueh is to dnve
the American article entirely from the Cuban maiket, ex-
cept at hucIi tune* as when bcaroity may lujve carried u up
to a famine point.
"Were the di*ci tmt nations removed, Hour \\ ould unques-
tionably become our leading staple r\pmt io Cuba.
u The mo-.f modeiatee^timatc places the consumption of
flour, were u admitted at lea.sonable duties, at iroiu eight
to mm; hundred thousand battels. ThatUits nade would be
enjoyed almost exclusively by the United States t> evident
from the fact thai Hour h amon>r>t.our heaviest articles of
export, and Kutopean competition wuh a eountiy within u
fuvv days'bat! of the island would be out of the question."—•
Com. llel., vol. i. p
From the single article of flour, the agriculturists
of this country would realize at least five million
dollars per annum. At present, they sell none to
Cuba.
" Lard, an article of great consumption in Cuba, imported
almost oxeluMvely from the United States, is subject to a
duty ol tour and <i half eents pur pound, when bi ought fiom
this country tti '\meuean bottom^ ; the eoai.;er qualities of oil
(ohve.) winch are nnpoited for the snme purposes, ;tie de-
livered with a duty ol two and fom liiih-. cent- per pound ;
and the reditu that 10,000,000 pounds oilard. bcinji a vast-
ly superior article, are nnpoited, whii<- 8.000,000 pounds ol
oil Itoui otliei eounuic-., tar mlcnoi to lard, an; enabled to
compote with ii in the market* of Cuba, because of the dif-
ference in pnee m its favor piodueod by the duty.'"—Com.
JicL, vol. I, p 1X1,
" jMcats—The existence of a difleicafial duly on meats
imported in i-pamMi bottoms di<iwr< tin r-uj.ply ol tin- at iu It;
in the maiket* of Cuba liom Bueno* Aytcs to the cMent of
30,000,000 pounds annualh ; while fiom the,Umted Stales
it comcs to a very limited extent, notwithstanding the qual-
ity of the article unpolled lnmi the United State* is fm su-
perior to that from South Amcnca.p. 183.
The removal of the discriminating duUrs re-
ferred to would open a market for 38,500,000
pounds of our meats and lard, without adding |
anything for the increased consumption which j
may be expected to result from the superior qual- 1
ity and cheaper price of the article we would fui-
msh. At ten cents per pound, this would give to
our agriculturists $3,800,0UU, where now they get
nothing.
Similar statements might he made in reference
to Indian corn, nee, and other <u tides of food, of 1
whiph our farmers produce a large surplus, much '
f>f which is wastefuily consumed because there is
po accessible market for its sale, and all of which is
reduced in value because the demand is unequal to
the supply m those markets which are accessible.
exportation of the precious metals. Such absurd
folly was only not mischievous because it was
impotent.
An official publication says:
"The restrictive policy of Spain, especially as regards the
trade of her colonies, is adhered to, to-day, in Cuba and
Porto Rico, almost as rigorously as when she was mistress
of nearly the entire southern portion of this continent." *
* * * "'Until the system itself i* abolished, and
Spam adopts the more liberal commercial policy which char-
acterizes the present enhghted age—-until she follows the
example of Great Britain, Belgium, Holland, and other
neighboring countries, m removing all unnecessary shackles
from commercial cnterptise—the commerce of Cuba, not
only with the mother country, but with the United States
and all foreign nation*, must remain as it has during the past
quarter of a century, crippled, restneted, and struggling."
A * A * 11 The last tariff for imports and ex-
ports of the Island of Cuba commenced to be enforced in
1847. Foieign meichartdi.-e, m foieign bottoms, pays some
twenty-seven and one half 'per cent.; others thirty-three
and one half pei cent.; foreign merchandise, in Spanish
bottoms from foreign ports, some nineteen undone half per
cent., others twent'y-thiee and one half percent. The same
rate? of nineteen and one half per cent., and twenty-three
and one half per cent, are levied upon forei rn merchandise
coming from the peninsula in Spant&h bottom?. Spanish
goods eoinmg in foreign vessel*, pay some fourteen and one
half pei cent., others seventeen and one half per ccnt. All
Spanish productions and manufactures (except jewelry)
that come in Spanish vessels pay seven and one half per
cent. An additional three percent, has been laid on since
tins tanlFwent into operatiCH."—Com. Rel., vol. 3, p. 126.
A careful inspection of the tariff, in detail, has
s been made, and it was found that almost all the
! more important productions of this country are
charged the highest rate—thirty-six and a half
per cent.—and discriminations are made against
us by our valuations.
It is wonderful that our manufacturers should
be able to send any of their fabrics to the island
in the face of such impositions and discrimina-
tions. Whether they are or not, and to what
extent, are not known, but it is believed that the
amount is very limited. The importation of man-
ufactured articles into the island from ail quar-
ters, in 1854, amounted to about twelve million
three hundred thousand dollars. This amount
certainly would be secured to them by a change
which would enable them to introduce their goods
free, whilst all others were charged our regular
tarill" rates. As, however, the population of the
island is exclusively agricultural, and is increas-
ing rapidly, both in numbers and in wealth, a
laigely increased demand might be looked for,
especially under a more liberal system of com-
mercial exchanges; and Cuba would probably
prove to be their most valuable customer, taking
| millions of their fabrics, and threatening no n-
' valry. Whilst this would be profitable to the
manufacturers, it would be eminently beneficial,
in a national point of view, as aiding to settle the
heavy balance of trade against us in our inter-
course with the island.
In 1858, we imported from it.... $27,214,846
! Whilst we e.xportcU to it only  14,1133ll67
Leaving a balance of. $-12,781,679
Perhaps there is no more appropriate connec-
tion in which to state that, in 1852, when our
trade with Cuba was considerably less than half
what it was in 1858, the Spanish Government
: collected from it £3,338,190 of revenue. At the
! same rate it levied on our trade of 1858, #7,GOO,000.
I What increase might we not expect in our trade
j when relieved of such an imposition ? Its ability
; to exist under it at all is proof that, if free, it
i would be susceptible of almost indefinite exten-
! sion.
I 3. Benefits to the navigation interest. The de-
! vices adopted to exclude foreign shipping from
j engaging profitably m the carrying trade of the
j island are vexatious and oppressive in the ex-
I treme.
| The differential duties in favor of trade under
: the_ Spanish flag, and against their flags of other
| nations, are exhibited m all the extracts we have
' already made from their tariff. The same policy
; is adopted not only in regard to all imports, but
I also m their export regulations.
i Superadded to these are a multitude of port
charges and dues, in all which heavy discrimi-
nation is made in favor of Spanish vessels. For
nearly thirty years this Government has been en-
deavoring, by negotiation and by retaliatory le-
gislation, to induce a relaxation in favor of our
shipping; but its efforts have not been attended
