1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
99
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Report on the Acquisition of Cuba.
Ho. of Reps.
with the least measure of success. Our Minister
at Madrid wrote to Mr. Marcy in 1853:
" Since my reception at court, I have had several inter-
views with M. Calderon. I find him ill inclined to favor
any policy that might tend to bring Spam to a closer con-
nection with the United States. He sets no great value on
the advantages which his countrymen might derive from a
free intercouise with us, and views rather as danger what-
ever is hkely to promote it."
This is probably the general feeling of Spanish
politicians, at least of the old school, and it is
futile to aim at any advantages for our citizens,
in the Island of Cuba, so long as it remains sub-
ject to Spanish law.
The discriminations against our shipping: can
be better appreciated from their effects than from
an enumeration of them in detail.
The total commerce of Cuba, import and ex-
port, for the year 1854, according to its custom-
house returns, which are said to be twenty-five
per cent, under the truth, was $64,078,309, em-
ploying 3,812 vessels of about one million tons.
From the proximity of the seat of this trade, and
the nature of the exchanges between Cuba and
other countries, our ship-owners ought to enjoy
the carriage of nearly or quite the whole of it. In
the absence of discriminations against them, their
superior skill and enterprise would enable them
to secure its monopoly.
The following table will show how far the re-
pressive energy of Spanish legislation has driven
their sails from their own doors to seek employ-
ment in distant quarters of the globe.
Let the mariner, when he lies paralyzed and
shivering in the fiozen seas of northern Europe,
or floats lazily on the yellow waters of Asia,
where everything around him bespeaks man and
nature dormant and stationary, turn his thoughts
to the soft atmosphere and rich vegetation of the
tropics. There lie will see the Spanish sailor—
the petrified semblance of the bold mariners of
the same nation who discovered this continent—
protected by a bulwaik of legislation to keep off
intruders, enjoying without merit the pnze which
ought to be the reward of skill and enterprise.
Number of vessels entering the ports of Cuba from 1848 to
1854
1848. 1849. 1850. 3851. 1852. 1853. 1854.
Total 3,548 3.213 3.356 3.869 3.612 3,918 3,S12
United States.. 1,733 1,639 J',596 2,014 1.886 2,307 2,132
1,815 1 574 1.760 1.855 1.726 l.fill 1.682
The trade of the island and the tonnage em-
ployed are greater now than they were four years
ago; but no official returns are at hand of a later
date than those given. It appears that our ship-
ping is superseded by foreign, principally Span-
ish, to the extentofabout five hundred thousand
tons per annum. In this statement no account is
taken of the shipping employed in the coasting
trade. Wc have no data on which to base even
an estimate of this; but it must be very large in
an island having many good harbors and more
than fifteen hundred miles of sea-coast.
4. The benefits to the commercial classes. This
branch of the subject is susceptible of being pre-
sented in so many points of view that the length
to which it is desirable to restrict this report will
not allow of anything more than the presentation
of facts drawn from official sources, fiom which
each inquirer may form for himself an estimate
of the productiveness and eommerciahcapabilities
of the island. The committee feels less reluctance
to pursue this course, because the intelligence and
sagacity that have always characterized our com-
mercial classes are a guarantee that they need no
aid to enable them to draw reliable deductions
from known facts, and no prompting to induce
them to extend, by every honorable means, the
field in which they may display enlightened and
liberal enterprise.
'•It? great feiuhty of soil, n? genial ehmate. its almost
limitless, re-sources, si1* commercial wealth, and its geo-
graphical position, lender the Island of Cuba the most
important, it is? the laige-t, of 'he Antilles.
"•It coin pi i-e- ,m aie.i or HI .468 m^u.ire nnle*. (30,139,520
acre*—about the size nt all tin- NVvv England Siaies except
Maine.)
'• Ttie census of 1775 gave a population of 170,370; that
of i«17. ol 551 .COP: that of 1841, of 1.007,024; and that of
1^50. ot 1.2 57.230. o! which lfM 005,6G6 perM>n^ were whites.
2U5.570 tree colored, and 436,100 slaves. Tne portion of'
the island under cultivation doe  not exceed two innhon
aeres, (lesss than one fifteenth part.) hut mo-st abundant crops
of maize, yarns, bananas, potatoes, sugar, coffec. tobacco,
and, to a limited extent, of cotton, cocoa, and indigo, are
produced."— Com. Rel, vol. 1, p. 177.
"The amount of i aw sugar, as a gross product to the acre
in several countries of the globe, from good authority, is as
follows: . #
Pounds.
Mauritius     6,000
Brazil -   .5,000
Cuba     4,000
Isle of Bourbon   3,300
Guadaloupe 2,<'00
VeraCruz   1,900
Martinique 1.700
Bengal 1,600
St. Donnngo    1,100
Louisiana „ 1,000
—[Homccns* Cyclopedia of Coifimcrcc, 1700.
Cuban sugar is preferred to all others in the
markets of the world, and the only two countries
I that exceed it in production to the acre raise a
| comparatively smajj amount in the aggregate.
; An intelligent historian, resident in the United
! States, says:
j " Cuba has been justly ptyJed the garden"of the world ;
perpetual summer smiling upon its favored shores, and its
natural wealth almost baffling the capacity of estimation.
It is scarcely eiedible that, when the geneious soil produces
from two to three crops annually, the vegetable wealth of
tins island should be so pooily developed It is capable of
supporting a population of almost any density, and yet the
largest estimate gives only a million and a half of inhabit-
i ants. Nowhere on the lace ol the globe would intelligent
j labor meet with a richer reward; nowheieon the face of
I the globe would repose from labor be so kweet. Cuba is,
I indeed, a land of enchantment, where nature is beautiful,
• and where mere existence is a luxury; hut it requires the
I infusion of a sterner, more sell-relying, and entcipnzrng
i iace to fully te&t Us capabilities, and to astonish the world
j with its productiveness.
I "The virgin soil of Cuba in so rrclt that a touch of the
! hoe piepares it for the plant. So fertile a soil is not known
l to exist m any other pottion of the globe. It sometimes pro-
duces three crops to the \ ear, and, m oidiuary season^, two
may be relied upon."—Ballou's History oj Culu.
It is said that a mixture of the three kinds of
soil by which the island is covered forms the rich-
est fertilizer, next to guano, known in agricul-
ture.
:j With its present limited population and inad-
equate cultivation, its pioductions are immense,
having been in 1855, according to the report of
the American consul, as follows:
Sugar $36,000,000
Coffee  1,000,000
Molasses  2,400,000
Minerals    2.500.000
Wax and honey   1.000.000
Rum  1,000,000
Tobacco and cigars  32.000,000
Fruits, &.C.    2,000;000
Total $77,900,000
As might be supposed, the commerce resulting
from these rich productions is very large, though
not nearly so great as it would be if relieved from
onerous burdens and restrictions. The following
table, complied from official sources, exhibits the
exports and imports for the year 1854:
Exports. Imports.
Spain  §3.615,692 .428
United States    11.611.813 7.867.6t0
England  11,119,526 6.610,909
All oilier nations    6.3i)o.700 7,858,561
,*•31.394,578
J Exportable domestic produce is the basis of all
, commerce. The amount of such produce pos-
i sessed by any people measures their commercial
capability; or, m oilier words, their purchases m
a series of years will about equal their ability to
pay. Any commerce beyond that must be un-
; sound as involving the country in debt, or posi-
! tively detrimental as making drafts on its accu-
; mulated capital to pay balances. Taking the
, exports as the measure of commercial capacity,
j Cuba has, in proportion to its population, noaily
j three-fold that of the United States. With an
! estimated population of twentff-eight million,
1 the United States exported, in the year 38.58, ;
; §293,758,279 of domestic produce, being £10 49 |;
! per head; whilst Cuba, in 1854, exported ^27 23 li
I per head. The fact that a totc l population of one i
i million two hundred thousand, of all classes, pay- '
, ing a tax of $23,000,000 to 8pain, and without
1 any of the encouragement or protection derived
; from good government, can exhibit such results
1 from their rude and uututoted industry, will
speak volumes to the commercial inquirer, and
| needs no comment.
! Determined to confine themselves to incontro-
vertible facts, the committee have been obliged
to go back to 1854, in order to obtain official in-
formation. ' In the four years that haye since
elapsed, great progress has been made ,in the
island; and it is not doubted that twenty-five? per
cent, must be added to these resuits,tp represent
the wealth and commerce of the prdBnt time. In
addition to which, all writers agree that the "offi-
cial reports from their custom-houses are twenty-
five per cent, under the truth.
We cannot hope that we have been able,to pre-
sent all the material facts bearing upon this point.
Indeed, the jealousy of the Spanish Government
sedulously conceals much that would throw light
upon the subject. But the few prominent facts
that we have mentioned, will show, beyond
doubt, that to the commercial classes of the
United States the acquisition of the island is bf
inestimable importance.
Ours is a Government dependenton the consent
of the governed, and resting for its basis upon the
affections of its citizens. If the arm of power is
felt, it is in repressing vice and maintaining order.
If there is, throughout the broad limits of the Re-
public, one citizen who looks with malevolence
upon the Constitution under which he lives, he
is spumed by the good, but fears no persecution.
Haud invitis is, and ought to be, our maxim, in
extending our institutions over organized com-
munities. It would accord neither with our prin-
ciples nor our practice to take into the Union any
territory-already fully occupied by a civilized
people averse to our Constitution. It becomes
important, then, to inquire whether the people of
Cuba would probably desire annexation to the
Union.
On this point we can have no direct assurances,
for the slightest whisper of discontent would prob-
ably biing down upon their heads the wrath of
the Government under which they litfe.
A well-informed historian thus sums up the
oppressions under which they groan:
" She is permitted no voice in the Cortes ; the press is
under the vilest censorship; farmeis are compelled to pay
ten per cent, on all their harvest, except sugar, and on that
article two and a half per cent.; the island has been under
martial law since 1825: ovei twenty-three millions of dol-
lars taxeh (abortt four hundred dollars to each family) are
levied upon the inhabitants, to he squandered by Spain;
flour is po taxed as to be inadmissible ; the natives of the
island are excluded entnely lrom the army, the judiciary,
the trea.->ury, and the customs; letters passing through the
po-t are opened and purged of their contents before delivery;
planters) are foi hidden to send their sons to the United States
for educational purposes; m short, every possible subter-
fuge is resorted to by the Government officials to swindle
the people, everything being taxed, and there is no appeal
from the Captain General."
Many of the oppressions enumerated are omit-
ted for brevity.
To these grievances arc to be added the terrible
threat constantly held over them by the minions
of the Government, that, on the least appearance
of disaffection or rebellion, the shackles will be
stricken from the slave population of the island,
and half a million of African savages will be
turned loose to deluge their hearths in blood and
desolate the island. Threats of spoliation and
visions of carnage hang like a thunderbolt over
their heads.
If the thirty thousand resident Spaniards, who
are allowed to monopolize the honors and enrol-
ments of Government, and to domineer over the
island in the very wantonness of unrestrained
power, should object to any change, it would not
be surprising.' The &ame class of persons inter-
posed the same kind of objection to the cession
of Florida, where their exactions were not nearly
so givat, nor their privileges so lucrative, as they
are in Cuba, As was done in the case of Florida,
there could be reserved to them by the treaty the
privilege to leave before the flag of the Republic
is raised on the island.
To the five hundred and twenty thousand na-
tive white population the question presented is
totally different. To them it is a question of
emancipation from thralldom, fi uedom from exac-
tions and oppression, elevation frompohtical serv-
itude to political freedom, escape from the most
irresponsible despotism to be invested with the
full powers of self-governing freemen. From be-
ing a colony, governed by laws in the making of
which they have no voice, and the local adminis-
tration of which is in the hands of a class having
no sympathy with them, they would become an
