332
THE CONGRESSIONAL" GLOBE.*1
February 1,
Army or the Navy, then I would say there was
some force ill the position which they take; but
that is not true. The General.Goverriment does
noteducate persons, that they may hereafter enter
the Army and- the Navy. It does not establish
academies for:the in'straction of youth, that they
may .hereafter enter the military-service. It docs
appoint warrant officers, in both the land and
naval service, and it does choose to send them to
a'n academy as the'bestmode of instructing- them,
and the most economical mode, and perhaps the
onfy mode'in which it can give them a thorough
elementary education.
The argument, therefore, that you may as well
establish an academy for one species of education
as another, has no application to what the Gov-
ernment has done and is doing. The cadets are
apart oftheArmy; the midshipmen are apartof
the Navy. Instead of sending them to servo with
companies, and in a long course of years to get
sucli military knowledge as will enable them to
perform their duties on land or sea, you send them
to an academy, and there give them instruction;
and itis a defect in our organization which pro-
bably will not be corrected, unless we should have
the misfortune to require a large army, that we
have not also a school of application, where, hav-
ing been taught the elements, they should like-
wise be taught the application before they were
allowed to command men. Such is the perfect
system adopted in Governments of a more strictly
military character than our own; and it consti-
tutes no argument, no basis of justification, for
the proposition which is now pending.
-I have seen the growth of this proposition to
do something for the agricultural interest, and I
believed it was always delusive, not to say fraud-
ulent. It needs no aid. The agricultural interest
takes care of itself, and is drained to take care of
every other pursuit in the country. I have looked
upon it as a mere sham for other pursuits drain-
ing and to drain the agriculturist, to eomc and
say, " Let us do something for the agriculturist."
From whose pocket is to be drawn the means of
conferring this benefit ? Mainly from the agri-
culturists themselves, who are then to receive a
share of the whole sum which they are required
to pay out. Agriculture needs no teaching by
Congress. The wide extent of our country, the
great variety of its soil and climate and product,
render itimpossible that there should be anything
else than local teaching in relation to agriculture.
The States are sovereign; and there is the care of
the education of their youth, and their direction
into any pursuits which the public weal may re-
quire. Ihis Government was instituted for no
such purpose; and when it invades that preroga-
tive of the States, it commits violence on the sov-
ereignty of those by whom it is created. I was
pleased to hear the Senator from Minnesota [Mr.
Rice] this morning state, with such clearness and
force, the unconstitutionality of the measure
which is pending, and the abuses which it would
woikin the new and landholding States.
There is another provision, which, so far as I
have heard the debate, has not yet been noticed.
It provides for working a forfeiture, attaching a
penalty to a State which shall sell some part of
the land and not establish a college, requiring it
hereafter to refund the money. Did Senators for-
get that it was that fatal blunder of the old Con-
federation which utterly destroyed it, rendered it
incapable of performing its duties, either in peace
or ill war; that it was that fatal error committed
by th e formers of the Confederation which ren-
dered it necessary, subsequently, to revise it, and
to form the more perfect union, which now ex-
ists? This Government cannot coerce a State;,
this Government cannot require of a State to pay j
money; and the error being discovered, our sys- j
tem was corrected, and the piescnt modeofgath- S
eringtaxes from the people adopted, making the |
Jaws work upon individuals, where they may j
operate, instead of upon the States, where they j
cannot be enforced. But the human mind has ;
been said to be represented by a circle; and if the
constant returning to exploded errors as soon as ij
they have been forgotten, prove it, we find in this j
but another example, that having completed the !j
circle, we get back to the very error from which j.
we originally departed. In the third provision of >
the fifth section of this bill, one of the provisions lj
of the grant is, that failing to establish an agricul-
tural collcge, " said Slate shall be bound to pay !
the United States the amount received of any
lands previously sold, and the title to purchasers
under the State-shall be valid." How, pray, is
that money to be collected? Are Senators willing
to commence this controversy with a State ? Do
they propose, by law, to provide for levying upon
the property of a State, subjecting it to execution,
compelling the State to pay? All the benefits
which gentlemen may anticipate from their agri-
cultural colleges, will fall greatly short of an e vil
to be worked by a single such example.
I have not risen to discuss this bill. Others
have done it before me; and but for one or two
remarks which remained unanswered, I should
have been silent upon the subject. It is, disguise
it as you may, the mere adoption of that which
is thought to be the largest and most influential
class in the country, to coveT an attempt to found
colleges in the States for the benefit of the educa-
tion of youth, to found them by the United States
instead of by the sovereign people, who are the
true guardians of theirown youth, and in whose
hand I much prefer to leave their custody.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, t|^e first
question which gentlen>en seem to urge m this
case, is the question of constitutional power. In
relation to that point, while many gentlemen sug-
gest it and make elaborate remarks in explana-
tion of it, they all say they do not propose to
enter very extensively into it. I propose to take
the same course. In the first place, I will remark
that I know of no bill which can be declared un-
constitutional, when, if it were passed into a law,
a court would say it was constitutional. I take
it that if this bill were passed, and the question
were presented to the Supreme Court whether it
was a constitutional bill, they would turn to the
Constitution and see whether Congress has, by
the Constitution, power to pass the law. If Con-
gress has power to pass the law in question, the
court says itis constitutional. Now, I take it,
that is a test by which we can ascertain whether
a bill is constitutional for us to pass.
"Well, sir, suppose we pass this bill granting
lands, and it comes before the court: the question
is, whether Congress had power to pass the bill.
The Constitution is referred to, and it is found to
provide that Congress " shall have power to dis-
pose of and make all needful rules and regula-
tions concerning the territory or other property
belonging to the United States." I take it to be
clear, that this is a grant of power to Congress
to dispose of the public lands. Does it say sell ?
Not at all. Does it confine us to having a quid
fro quo for every grant of land which Congress
makes? Not a word of it. It is a simple, un-
qualified, unlimited grant of power to dispose of
the public lands. When, under thisgrantof power,
Congress has made a grant of public lands, (like
that made for the asylum in Kentucky, for in-
stance,) can a court say that that was an exercise
of power not given by the Constitution ? Clearly
not. Then the law would be constitutional. Then
it is within our constitutional power to pass this
bill into a law. Everything else in the case is a
question of expediency, of propriety. Thegreat
question is one of power. The power to regu-
late commerce has been decided by the Supreme
Court to be a power to destroy commerce utterly;
to lay an embargo, as Congress did lay one, with-
out limit; to destroy all foreign commerce limit-
edly, or extensively, or utterly. So are all grants
of power. There may be a question with the peo-
ple, whether they will grant a particular power;
but the possibility of misuse is no sufficient argu-
ment against the'grant of power, if so be it is ne-
cessary. I have no more to say about this question
of power, nor am I to feel round in the various
modes in which this power has been exercised,
to ascertain the limitations of it, for it clearly has
none. That is an end of that subject, to my mind;
that disposes eff that question; theie is no more
of it.
Next, Mr. President, in relation tothepropriety
and policy and expediency of the exercise of this
power in this way. A question was very perti-
nently put, as 1 thought, by the honorable Sen-
ator from Rhode Island to the honorable Senator
from Missouri, what was the difference between
a grant such as this bill proposes, and those
grants of lands to which the Senator from New
Hampshire called our attention for the support
of schools? I understand the answer of the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri to be, that the
grant of the Sixteenth and thirty-sixth sections
of land in every township was merely to encour-
age the sale of the public lands. Sir, I utterly
repudiate any doctrine of that kind. The gen-
tleman would fain Have us believe that our pre-
decessors here, all former Congresses, never en-
tertained any other principle in these grants, but
merely to get along with the sale of land; that
the purpose was not to educate the people; and
that, if that result followed as a consequence, it
was one which was unintentional, accidental, and'
uaavoidable. On the other hand, I say that was
the great purpose. The object was not only to
sell land to the people who would go there and
settle, but to improve and elevate the condition
of that people, when they had settled, just the
same as granting to them after they had settled.
So, too, of the grants to universities.
It is said those grants were contained among
various propositions which entered into the agree-
ments with the States for admitting them into the
Union, they foregoing the right of eminent do-
main and the right of taxation, and the Govern-
ment of the United States making these grants in
consideration thereof. Well, sir, if the United
States have not the power to grant away the pub-
lic lands for purposes which are proper in the dis-
cretion of Congress, how came tfiey to trade them
off for the relinquishment of the right of eminent
domain, getting no money whatever.-^ Sir, the
real fact is, that all those grants were nothing but
a mere exercise of the discretion of Congress,
committed to them in the great power to dispose
of the public lands.
Then, if a grant can be made by Congress of
the public lands for a service important in their
discretion, I have hardly heard an objection made
to this grant, unless it may be that urged by the
honorable Senator from Virginia. What can be
the matter with this ? Why is it that our young
and rising States—the land States, as we call
them—should act so grudgingly to the older
States of the Union—those older States, who
spent their money and shed their blood in ob-
taining these very lands? Why is it that such a
grudging illiberality is manifested on the part of
the newer States of this Union to the older States
having any return from these lands? With the
exception of the Kentucky grant, which has been
alluded to, not a single acre has ever been had
from all this vast domain by one of the old States
of the Union; and I cannot understand why our
friends in the older States in the southern portion
of the Union should be so unwilling that the
original members of the Confederacy shall have
some modicum of thisgreatdomain, or the avails
of it.
Some gentlemen from the new States say that
if this grant be made, the old States will be large
landholders within their limits. This bill pro-
vides expressly that not a single old State shall
be the landholder of an acie there. They are
merely to have scrip to sell in the market, appro-
priating its avail's to the cause of agricultural
education. But it is said they may go into the
market, and sell their scrip to men who are worth
millions of dollars, and they will get quantities of
it, and locate it in some new State all in one body,
and keep it out of taxation, and keep it out of
settlement, until it rises in the market. That may
be a very ingenious argument; but to me, with-
out meaning to say that these honorable gentle-
men see it in any different light, it is a mere bug-
bear. Is there any prohibition to-day against a
millionaire, if you please, or an association of
them, m New York or elsewhere, locating with
their money any tract of land, to any extent they
please? None in the world; and there has not
been any such prohibition. The policy of the
newer States has always been to get the land out
of the General Government into the hands of pri-
vate individuals as soon as possible, so that they
could lay taxes upon it. While it belongs lo the
General Government they cannot tax it; but the
moment it passes into the handsof an individual
they can. Now, we are proposing to put some
more land in that condition-, so that they may tax
it. The honorable Senator from Missouri, how-
ever, says they can only tax to a certain extent;
only to the amount of the original cost, whereas
they tax those who make improvements on their
improvements. That is the mere fault or folly of
the State itself. Their mode of taxation is a mat-
ter within their own control. They can estimate
