1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
723
the land at what it is worth; and if it rises day by-
day in the market, although it is unbroken and
untouched, they may put it in at a proper estima-
tion, and tax it accordingly. They cannot be
cheated, unless they desire to be cheated, out of
taxes in that manner. The longer the land is kept,
apd the nearer settlements come to it, the higher
it rises in value. Have the owners any induce-
ment to keep it from rising in the market, and
thereby to prevent its being taxed according to its
value? What inducement have they to keep down
the price of their own land ? It is like the man
who charged another with cheating in maple
sugar. " Oh," said he, " you water your sap,
[laughter,] and that is the way you cheat in the
sugar." The whole of this idea, in my estima-
tion, amounts to nothing on earth.
Now, sir, it is true, unfortunate as it may be,
we must actually own up, that if this bill shall
pass, the older part of the United States will really
get some portion of the avails of the public lands.
There is the sum and substance of the whole mat-
ter. They will probably get something for a cer-
tain purpose. If it is agreed on all hands that that
is the purpose to be defeated, and that the only
object m defeating this bill is to prevent that, say
so; let the vote decide it. Some of them will not
take it for fear their neighbors may get some
good from it; and the objection is that it is really
legislating so as to do some good to somebody, I
have heard it urged sometimes on this floor that
it is unconstitutional to legislate so that our legis-
lation shajl benefit any particular class of men. If
I understand the meaning of this, it is that we
must take carc to legislate so that it shall not do
any good to any class of men; then it will be very
constitutional and excellent!
Mr. President, it is said by the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia that, if this bill is passed, and
the States submit to it, it is delivering over their
own State policy in relation to the science of ag-
riculture, and the improvement of it as an art, to
the policy of the General Government. The very
reverse of that is the leading feature and great ex-
cellence of the bill. I know, and we all know,
that President Washington, and, I believe, some
Presidents after him, urged the idea that we should
have a national university—a great system of
education m our center, national in its character.
That hope, that desire, has never been realized.
It is a great excellence of this bill that it foresees
that no one system of agriculture, no one depart-
ment of science or art, could possibly adapt itself
to the varied condition of the various parts of this
country. In one part of the country it is desirable
to encourage, if you please, the cultivation of Irish
potatoes, or flax, or oats; in another part of the
country, the great object is to promote the cultiva-
tion and encourage the growth of cotton, tobacco,
sugar, and rice. Now, if you arc to fit up an in-
stitution for instruction in this important branch
of national economy, you could make no system
that would be adapted to the varied condition of
the different States of the Union; and hence this
bill proposes to give to the States themselves the
means of adopting a course of agricultural educa-
tion suitable to the wants and the condition oftheir
respective communities. That is a great advantage
and leading feature of the bill.
i need not enlarge on tltffc importance of agri-
culture. All understand it to be the great leading
interest of the country. I know it may be urged
as an objection, that, in proportion to their extent,
the older States may get more land than the new
States, by taking the basis of the ratio of repre-
sentation. In answer to that, I will merely say,
that in point of fact, the old States of the Union
educate a larger number of people for the new-
States, especially for the newest of them, than
they educate themselves. The rising generation,
educated m the older States, furnish the material
to feed the pabulum of population in the newer
parts of the United States. Gentlemen say we
have got along pretty well in agriculture._ I do
not desire to make any unfortunate exhibitions;
but the truth is not to be disguised that it is very
much feared, after all the effort which has been
put forth by our agricultural societies, by our
agricultural publications, by all the associations
we could make—whether, in point of fact, the
longer we inhabit the country, we do not make
31 the less productive; whether, really, in parts
of the United States, the land has not deteriorated
just about in proportion to the length of Ume the
country has been inhabited; and whether wc shall j
not go on stripping the country, and leaving a
track of desolation behind. To prevent that, the
great cause of agriculture demands instruction.
It needs it; and it should receive it in that part of
the United States where the necessity is most felt.
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, the Senator from
Vermont seems to think that there is no difference
between this and the existing system for dispos-
ing of the public lands; because, he says, capital-
ists now have the right to go and form associ-
ations and purchase large quantities. That is
unfortunately true; and it is a great defect in our
land system. But this bill, if it become a law,
will magnify the evil of which we at present com-
plain. Even the issuance of land scrip to soldiers,
to those who served in the wars, has had the effect
of reducing the price of public lands from $1 25
to about ninety cents per acre. Just in proportion
as you reduce the price of the public lands, in the
same proportion do you enable capitalists to con-
trol large bodies of the public land. Now, if you
throw out scrip for six million acres to the States,
under this guise, this pretext, this humbug, for
•it is nothing more nor less than that, it will dete-
riorate down to sixty or fifty cents per acre, and
thus you double the evil of which we at present
complain. It is not, therefore, enough for him to
say that a man may now, for 25 an acre, buy
as many acres as he has dollars and quarters.
The system he is seeking to superinduce brings
the real, practical value of the land down to fifty
cents, and therefore he doubles, and almost trebles
the eviK; and tins is a sufficient answer to all his
argument on that point.
Ho says that there is no difference between
granting lands for common schools and for sem-
inaries of learning; and to state the question m
that general, broad way, most persons would say
there was plausibility in it, and would sec no dif-
ference between the aid of the Government being
extended to bring about an ordinary common-
school education and a full collegiate course,.
They would be apt to say there was a dilfcrence
in degree, but not a difference in principle. Most
men would say so; but if you go back to the cir-
cumstances under which these grants have been
made, and understand them as a statesman, you
will see why it was done in the one case and why
it ought not to be done in the other. It is this:
Congress has a right to dispose of the public
lands; Congress has not a right to make any
needful rules and regulations except with a view
to the disposing of the public, lands, and to pro-
tect them before they are disposed of. Congress
i has the same ri^ht over a fort, over a man-of-
! war, over this Capitol, that it has over the pub-
i lie lands; because the grant of power in the one
! case is the same as it is in the other case:
j 11 Consrofcs .-.hall have power to dispose of and make nil
■ needful Miles and regulations re-peetni!? the territory or
| oiliei piopoity belonging to ihe United ^L.Ue-/'
j If this Capitol belongs to the United States,
I Congress has the same power over it that it has
i over the public lands, or a man-of-war, or a mule
| bought for the transportation of any munitions of
i war, or any other public properly. It is all on
the same basis, as property. How will you dis-
pose of it? If it were found to be a judicious
exercise of prudence, to appraise a mule before
you sell him, you have a right to do it; because
you have the right to dispose of and make all
needful rules and regulations concerning the pub-
lic properly. The appiaisiug of that value may
cost you $2 50; but yet it may be a wise exercise
of a constitutional power. IIel*e are thirty-six
sections of land in a township. Experience,
common observation, the power of reason, may
prove to us that men will buy them quicker by
giving them the sixteenth section for the use of
j public schools. Knowing that that sixteenth sec-
j tion mures to their benefit, they will buy the other
j thirty-five sections quicker and at a higher pi ice
j than they would if you did not give them any;
i and it is upon that practice, and upon that alone,
i that Congress has exercised the power to give the
sixteenth section. Who has ever supposed the
sixteenth section was given as a bonus, as a mere
gift? It never has been done in any case; and
I will make this additional remark: until within
a very few years past the sixteenth sections
were never reseived in Territories. They were
not given except to the States, at the time the com-
pact was entered into. Recently a sort of new
idea has sprung up in the Congress of the United
States, and a sort of safeguard is thrown out to
prevent the sale of the sixteenth section, and we
have, therefore, in organizing the Territories re-
cently, reserved the sixteenth section; but w6 do
not give it, we reserve it. There is, however, an
implied promise that we shall give it when the
proper time comes. Now, it is my understanding
that when it is given, it is on two groundsr first,
as an inducement to purchasers to go and take-
the thirty-five sections, this one section being
fiven to them to enable them to cducate their chil-
ren for agriculture, for the mechanic arts if you
pleas#, for the learned professions if you choose
to put them into them; and in the second place,
because the State, at the time it takes this grant
of the sixteenth section, agrees not to tax the land
of the United States. There never was any sim-
ilarity between this and a bonus.
Now, I ask Senators, and the Senator from
Vermont especially, to notice and answer this
point: The sixteenth section being granted to the
new States on condition that they shall not tax.
the other land, and, with the vievfr of sellm'g the
other land surrounding that sixteenth section , can
any of the reasons for that apply to the State of
Vermont, in granting forty thousand acres to her
as a State ? I appeal to him,and 1 appeal to every
other Senator, in a constitutional point of view,
and in reference to the fact that Congress has a
right to dispose of the public lands.
Mr. COELAMER. If the gentleman had lis-
tened to me with anything like the degree of at-
tention I do to him, he would not misunderstand
my argument. I say the power to dispose of the
public land is a naked grant. The manner of dis-
posing of it is a question for the expediency of
| Congress, with their sense of propriety, in view
of the public Advantages; and when they grant it,
they grant it exercising the power which is con-
ferred" in the Constitution, without limitation.
Mr. GREEN. Then I understand the Sena-
tor's piesi-nt position to amount to this: that the
power to dispose of the public land is an absolute
grant of power to give it away if they see fit to
do so, and that whether they will give it or not,
appeals to their prudence, propriety, and judg-
ment of necessity.
Mr. COLLAM ER. I have not the least doubt
but that we can give it to the States in which it
lies if we choose.
Mr. GREEN. I understand it perfectly, and
differ fiom bun eniiiely. I understand the power
" to dispose of" to be a power to sell or superin-
duce those circumstances which will induce sale.
The power to dispose of includes the power to
survey, to open land offices, to make maps and
charts, to appoint officers to sell the land. All
this is included within the power to dispose of.
It implies sale, it implies transfer for considera-
tion. it does not imply gift or transfer without
consideration;and when the Senatorassumes that
to be the Constitution, he assumes it m the teeth
of the practice of the Government, and in the
teeth of the plain letter and reading of the Consti-
tution itself. " Dispose of," is the language.
When you propose to dispose of your horse, to
j dispose of your slave, to dispose of your house,
I what do you mean? It has a fixed, technical,
! critical moaning; it means sale upon consideration,
i " Dispose of." When the land was given up by
i the State of Virginia in the NorthwestTerritory,
' i and when the land was surrendered by other
:^States, and the power to dispose of it was given,
it was understood by the terms of the grant that
it should be disposed of to lessen the public bur-
jj dens, and it was so specified in the grant; and
:j when the Constitution made use of these words
:• it was intended to conform to the contract into
'■ which the Government had entered with Virginia
and with other States.
\\ Is it to be supposed—will any man with com-
mon judgment for a moment believe—that V irgmia
g-ave away the whole of the Northwest Tei i itory
without consideration, and at the same time as-
sented to a Constitution which gave Congress the
power to give it away without consideration ?
N^ver. It is contrary to the ordinary principles
of human reason She gave it with the express
understanding that it should be appropriated to
lessen the public burdens. So did Georgia; so
did South Carolina; so did Pennsylvania, in her
relinquishment of the western reserve. AH of
them acted upon this idea: it has been acquired
