724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
by the common efforts of our joint association;
we have gone into this Revolution as brothers and
sisters; we have fought through the Revolution;
our independence has been achieved; it has been
acknowledged; we now form a joint Government,
federal in its character; we meet together as equals;
this domain outside of our limits proper we give
up to lessen the public burdens. How can it
lessen the"public burden, if the Federal agent, thus
created by the association of States, can give it
without consideration to any one State ? There is
no power to do i t.
The Senator alluded to the swamp land grant.
Look to the swamp land grant. That sterap
land grant is predicated alone upon this idea:
those lands have been in market for-years, and
would not sell; they are flooded; they are over-
flowed, or subject to overflow; they cannot be
cultivated without artificial drainage; they re-
quire ditching; they require the expenditure of
money before they are woi th anything; therefore,
as it will be for the advantage of all the land in
.the immediate vicinity of those overflowed and
flooded lands, We will give them away on condi-
tion that the State will appropriate the whole value
of them in reclaiming them from inundation. It
was on this principle that the swamp lands were
given. On the principle I have before explained,
the sixteenth sections were given awny. On the
principle I have before explained, the alternate
sections for railroads were given away. But
where, let me ask, except in the single instance
of the deaf and dumb asylum in Kentucky, were
lands given away as a mere gift ?
1 think I remember an application made for a
donation to the descendants of the discoverer of
America; yet it was rejected on the ground that
we had no right to give the land away as a gift.
Tho power "to dispose of," implies a right to sell,
exchange on terms equivalent to their value, and
to take any necessary steps in order to otfer
them for sale; because, if we have a right to sell,
we have a right to take all necessary steps to se-
cure a sale. You cannot sell a piece of land until
you know its bounds; you muat know to what
tree, hne, mark, or river, the tract extends that
' you propose to sell. In order to know that, you
must have a survey. In oider to know the tract,
you must have field-notes. In order that those
field-notes may be fixed and determined as a rec-
ord, you must have charts and maps. In order
that some agents may be intrusted with it, you
must have land otficers. All of these are indispens-
ably necessary; but none of them come up to-this
wild notion of giving away lands—and for what
purpose? To the State of Vermont one hundred
and twenty thousand acres of laud—for what'
Have you a right to do it ? H.ive yon a right to
educate and instruct her children in the science of
agriculture ? I have thought each State was sepa-
rate and independent except oil thepoint on which
th;y were united in tho Constitution. Where, m
the Constitution, have you the right to touch the
subject of agriculture? We have all sworn to
stand by the Constitution. Is there in it any grant
of power to us to foster education foragricuiturp,
for the mechanic arts, for science in any of its
branches, for law, or physic, or for divinity?
None whatever. Now, if we do it, are we not de-
parting from the original purposes tor which the
Union was formed ? And if we depart jti one in-
stance, if we break over the boundary lino that
separates us from our right and our" wrong, la
>the re any point at winch there is a certainty that
'we shall ever stop r
There is another view. There is a vast dirtoi-
crjee between political action as a political body,
as we are, and the action of such tribunals as a
court. They decide only such questions as come
before them. We take th^ whole range of right
and wrong, of constitutional power and expedi-
ency. _ We may err, and there may be some cases
in which they can coirect us. We majr err, and
yet we may err in a case in which they cannot
correct us. There may be cases in which the
couri will say, and say properly, that we are the
judges. We are the judges of the propriety, of
the expediency, and necessity, in such cases. If
we make a wrong decision, the court cannot rec-
tify and correct us,
Mr. President, all the argument I made in re-
gard to the impolicy of the measure, in collecting
together large bodies of lands, in which the new
States would have no power of taxation, stands
unanswered, and, as I think, unanswerable. All
that I have said with regard to the unconstitu-
tionality of the measure remains still, strengthened
the more it is investigated; for every attempt to
evade it proves that the very instance in which
they seek to evade it is an exception in which the
rule is not only confirmed, but strengthened by the
exception. As the Senator from Mississippi re-
marked, there may have been a departure m the
case of the deaf and dumb asylum in the State
of Kentucky. Suppose there was: is it wise to
follow a single exception at the expense of fifty
years of experience? or is it not still wiser to fol-
low the experience of fifty years, and disregard
the single exception ? It is not because we oppose
agriculture or the mechanic arts; it is not because
we oppose any species of learning. Each State
will fix its own system of education. Each com-
munity or parent, I hope, will leave no pains
spared to develop the rising genius, and unfold
the powers of the mind to the fullest extent, of all
placed within their charge; but when this is done,
does that justify a confederated Government of '
equals taking hold of the subject, and saying to ii
Vermont, " you are poor, pitiful, neglectful of1|
the duty, and we will compel you to do what you j i
do not?" It amounts to that; it amounts to an
insult to the State of Vermont. It is saying to
her, 44 you neglect the agricultural education of
your people.'' This Federal Government, in the
city of Washington, assumes to say, without con-
stitutional warrant, "you neglect your duty in
educating your youths in agriculture, in botany,
in chemistry, in the mechanic arts, and we will
therefore provide a fund, and do what you un-
worthily neglect." The States ought to feel in-
sulted at the offer made by the bill which is now
being considered before the Senate.
I had supposed that each State was sovereign
within its own limits, over its own subjects of
consideration. I say more than that: these never
has been an instance in which this Government
ever undertook to compel a State to do what it
had before a right to do. We establish a military
school; we establish a naval school; and why?
As the Senator from Mississippi very properly
remarked, they are made part and parcel of the
Army and Navy from the beginning; and if you
have a ri^ht by your sergeant to drill; if you
have a right by your midshipman to instruct, to
direct an employe in the Navy, you have a right
to instruct the naval offtceis and the cadets at
West Point.
But one step further: when they are instructed,
that officer in the Army and that officer in the
Navy belong to—what? The one to tho Army and
the other to the Navy. What'power have you
over either? You have full, and you are the only
amhouty that has full power over them. Suppose
you educate your farmer, and suppose you edu-
cate your mechanic: when you educate him what
power h^vc you over htm? Answer me. Can
you say to him, "Sir, we have educated you; you j
belong to my farm; you belong to my manufac-
tory ?"
Sir, it is the introduction of a swallowing-up
system that will conglomerate every power in this
Government, gather it all in one common focus,
and every farm will belong to the Federal Gov-
ernment, every manufactory will belong to the
Federal Government; you will have mechanics
and farmers, and you will say all of them owe
you service. If you undertake to assimilate this,
as has been done in the argument, to the case of
the Navy and Army, it amounts to that, or it is
an absuidity*, and I tiust that no Senator will be
willing to take the latter alternative.
Mr. President, I am a fiiend of the farmer, but
not by insulting him and saying he is unable to
take care of himself. I am a friend of the me-
chanic, but not by insulting him and saying he
needs a guardian in the person of the Federal
Government. I trust J shall ever be the friend of
the cause of education in ail its branches, but not
by saying that the States are too poor, insignifi-
cant, and untrustworthy, to be intrusted with the
power that belongs to them. Nor will I insult the
common mass of the people,and say that parents
and guardians have not the right or the sense and
judgment and heart to discharge thcirduty in the
education of those placed under their authority.
Mr. President, I leave the subject.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator from Missouri
made a personal allusion to me, and I will an-
swer him as to that. He cautioned me not to sup-
port this bill, lest it might result in a great injury
to the State I represent. If I deemed him a better
judge than myself on that subject, 1 should be
certain to follow his advice; but the idea that the
State of Iowa will be unable to tax the lands en-
tered under this land scrip, if the bill should be-
come a law, is certainly novel to me.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator misunderstood me
entirely. I said, expressly, they could tax the
land, but it would be the land without improve-
ment. Speculators would bu^up the scrip for a
small sum—say fifty cents an acre—and then,
holding the land without improvement, the State
could only tax the unimproved land; whereas,if
^ctual settlers bought it, the State could not only
tax the land, but the improvements; and hence it
would be a positive injury to Missouri, Iowa, and
all the new States. i\ly argument was not that
you would not have the right to tax the land, but
that, the land remaining without improvement,
you would be deprived of the power to tax the
improvements.
Mr. HARLAN. Will the Senator tell me,
then, in what the power of a State over lands en-
tered with scrip and lands entered with money
differs ?
Mr. GREEN. I tell him exactly this: with
money it will take two dollars for one, and there-
fore the chances are two to one that they will not
carry out the same system with money that they
will with scrip.
Mr. HARLAN. Then, because this reduces
the price of public-lands one half, the Senator op-
poses the bill. Now, if it will have that effect, if
it will result in bringing down the price of the
public land in the market one half, the people of
Iowa, and of Missouri, too, are interested in the
passage of the bill in the very particular to which
the Senator alludes, and on the very point on
which he cautions me as to the character of my
vote and action.
One other point. Tho Senator seems to think
that the passage of this bill contemplates coercing
a State to educate its people. In no other respect-
than in the passage of grants of land to aid in the
construction of railroads in Iowa and Missouri,
Congress compelled Iowa and Missouri to build
railroads. A quantity of land is placed in the
hands of Iowa as trustee for a particular purpose;
to wit, to build a railroad, on the condition that if it
be not completed within ten years, the lands shall
revert to the Government of the United States.
Who supposed that by the passage of such a bill
Congress intended to coerce, the State of Iowa, or
Missouri, or Minnesota, or Wisconsin, to engage
in works of internal improvement? Nobody. So
inlhis case. The GeneralGovernmentproposes
to place lands in the hands of the States for a
specific purpose, on conditions that are named.
If the tiust is accepted by the State, and the land
applied faithfully by the trustee, the title vesta in
the parties mentioned; and if the State fails to
execute the trustin good faith after having ac-
cepted it, the land will revert; but if the land be
disposed of for some other purpose, thereby vio-
lating the conditions of the trust, then the State is
to remunerate the General Government for the
Joss that the General Government sustains; and
this is the whole of the assumed attempt to coerce
the States to educate their people.
Mr. PUGH. There have been several amend-
ments proposed since I made my former motion,
and I have one or two myself to propose, and the
debate is to go on. With a view, however, to
put the bill at least in some better shape, I will
renew my motion, that it be recommitted to the
standing Committee on Public Lands; and I ask
for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I move that the Senate ad-
journ. It is now a quarter past four o'clock.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 1, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to take from the Speaker's table
the bill (H. R. No. 5S3) providing for keeping
