726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
ordering the main qufetion? Will it preclude
amendment, if the motion to reconsider is agreed
to ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question ex-
tends only to the motion to reconsider.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. MILLSON. The previous question, I be-
lieve, has been ordered, and debate is not in or-
der. I wish, however, to ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania if he has the slightest expectation
that if this bill passes this House, it will pass the
Senate at this session, or have any effect other
than to delay the public business?
Mr. GROW. This bill has been discussed m
the Senate during the last session, and during the
present, ar.d I think might be passed there with-
out the necessity of further discussion.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will say to the
gentleman from Virginia that if this bill does not
pass the Senate during the present session it ought
to.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on the motion to refer
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. GROW demanded the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion for the previous question, to en-
able me to offer an amendment to the bill.
Mr. GROW. I cannot.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 rise to a question
of order. I wish to know if it is in order to con-
sider this bill now? In what way docs it get pos-
session of the House ? The reconsideration of
the'vote referring the bill only brings the bill back
to the position which it occupied when the mo-
tion was made; but does it entitle the gentleman
to have it put on its passage ?
The SPEAKER. When the bill was intro-
duced, it was read twice and committed to the
Committee on Agriculture. It was reported back
by the committee, and on motion of thegcntlenmii
from New York [Mr. KelseyJ referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the stale of the Union.
If the House had voted down the motion to com-
mit, the question would then have been on the
engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. GROW. I withdraw the demand for the
previous question, to enable me to offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
Be it further enacted, That from and after the passage of
this act no public land shall he exposed to sale by piocla-
raatiou of the President, unless the same shull have been
surveyed, and the return of such suivey duly filed m the
Land Office tor tPn years or more hefoie such sale: Pro-
vided, however, that wliencvei the President slml! aseeiuiin
that any township or townships of the public lands are pine
or mineral ia'nds', lie shall be authorised to proclaim such
township or townships foi sale, as now provided by law.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I say to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania that if he insists on
that amendment, and it is adopted, I shall vote
against the bill.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. So shall I, although
otherwise determined to vote for the bill.
Mr. GROW. I renew my demand for the pre-
vious question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of order.
* I rose and was recognized by the Chair. While
I was upon the floor, I sent an amendment to the
Speaker's table, which I asked should be re-
ported. I have not yielded the floor from that
time to this.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee only held the floor by the courtesy of the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to extend that courtesy to al-
low my amendment to be read.
Mr. "GROW. At the request of gentlemen
around me, who wish to have a direct vote upon
a naked homestead bill, I withdraw the amend-
ment which 1 offered, and ask for a vote upon
the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman allow
me to have my amendment reported ?
Mr. GROW. I insist upon my demand for
the previous question.
Mr. MORGAN. [ object to the gentleman
withdrawing the demand for the previous ques-
' tion, unless he yields the floor altogether.
Mr. HUGHES. X move to lay the bill on the
table.
The SPEAXiER. The Chair recognizes the
gentleman from Pennsylvania as being entitled
to the floor.
Mr. GROW. Then 1- withdraw the previous
question simply to say that the gentleman from
Ohio wanted to ask 
Mr. HUGHES. I moved to lay this bill upon
the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania was upon the floor at the time.
Mr. GROW. I was about to say that when
the motion to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union was pending, the gen-
tleman from Ohio desired to ask me a question. I
stated to him that if he would wait a few minutes,
until the bill was before the House, I would hear
his question. I then demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to any question.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask for
information in regard to this bill; and I hope the
gentleman from New York will withdraw his ob-
jection.
Mr. MORGAN.- No, sir; I do not.
Mr. GROW. Then I insist on the previous
question.
Mr. ATKINS. I would vote for a proper
homestead bill. But I object to this bill, as do
some of my colleagues, for the reason that it gives
the benefits of its provisions to unnaturalized per-
sons. I desire to know if it would be in order to
strike out the fifth line, in which the benefits of
this bill are extended to unnaturalized persons?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. ATKINS. Then I shall vote against the
bill.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I call for the read-
ing of the bill.
The bill was read as follows:
A bill to secure homesteads to actual settlers on the^ ublic
domain.
Beit1enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Slate6 of America m Congress- a^embled, That
any person who is the head of a farm!}, 01 who has arnved
at the age of twenty-one years, and la a cmxen of the Uni-
ted States, or who shall have tiled his intention to become
such, as required by the naturalisation laws ot the United
States, shall, from "and attei the passage ot this act, be en-
titled to enter, free of cost, one quaiter section ot vacant
and unappropriated public lands which may,at the time the
application is made, be Mtbject to private entry, at §1 25 per
acie, or a quantity equal thereto, to he located in a body, m
coutoimit> with the legal subdivisions of ttu; public lands,
and after the same shall have been surveyed.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the person apply-
ing for the benefit of this act shall, upon application to the
register of the land office in which he oi she is about to
inuke such entry, make affidavit before the said register
that he or she is the head of a t am ily, or is twenty-one ycaia
or more of age, and that such application is made for his or
her exclusive and benefit, and thuscspcci llv mentioned
m this act, and not either directly or indirectly for the inp
oi benefit ot any othei peison or persons whomsoever; and
upon making the affidavit as above required, and tiling the
affidavit with the register, he or she shall theieupon be per-
mitted to entei the quantity of land aJieadyspecified : Pro-
vided, howevei, That no certificate shall be given or patent
issued therefor until the expiration of Ave yeais from the
date of -such entty; and if, at the expiration of such tune,
or at any time thereafter, the person making such entry,oi,
if he be dead, his widow, oi, m case of her death, his heirs
ot devisee, oi in case of a widow making such entry, her
hens or devisee, in case of her death, shall prove by two ci ed-
ible witnesses that he, she, or they, have continued to reside
upon and cultivate such land, and still reside upon the same,
and have riff? alienated the *>ame, or any part thereof, then,
m such ease, he, she, or they, if at that time a cm/en of
tlie United States, shall, on payment of ten dollars, be en-
titled to a patent, as in other cuse  provided for by law: And
provided, further. Jn case of the death of both father and
mother, leaving an mlant child or children under twenty-
one years of age, the light and the lee shall mure to the
benefit of t*aid infant child or children, and the executor,
administrator, or guardian may, at any tune wuhm two
years after the death of the surviving parent, and m accotd-
ance with the laws of the State in which such children foi
the time being have their domicil, sell ><aid land for the ben-
efit of said intants, but for no other purpose ; and the pur-
chaser shall acquire the absolute title by the purchase, and
be entitled to a patent from the United States.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, Thatthe registerofthe
land office shall note all such applications on the tract-
books and plats of his office, and keep a legistei of all such
entries, and make return thereof to the Geneial Land Of-
fice, together with the proof upon which they have been
founded.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all lands acquired
under the provisions of this act shall in no event become
liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts contracted
prior to the issuing tb" patent theiefor.
Sec. 5. And be it further cnactcd, That if, at any time
after filing the affidavit, as required m the second section of
this act, and before the expiration of the five yeais afore-
said, it shall be proven, after due notice to the settler, to the
satisfaction of the register of the land office, that the person
having filed such affidavit shall have actually changed his
or her residence, or abandoned the said entry for more than
six months at any time, then, and in that event, the land so
entered shall revert hack to the Government, and be dis-
posed of as other public lands aie now by law, subjcct to
an appeal to the General Land Office.
Sec. 6. And be it jmther enacted, That no individual
shall be permitted to make moie than one entry under the
provisions of this act; and that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office is hereby required to prepare and issue
such rules and regulations, consistent with this act, as shall
be necessary and proper to cairy us piovision* into effect;
and that the registers and receivers of the several land of-
fices shall be entitled to receive the same compensation for
any lands entered under the provisions of this act that they
are now entitled to receive when the same quantity of land
is entered with money, one half to be paid by the person
making the application, at the time of so doing, and the
other half on the issue of the certificate by the person to
whom it may be issued : Provided, That nothing m this act
shall be so construed as to impair or interfere in any man-
ner whatever with existing preemption rights.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, called for the yeas
and nays on the motion to lay the bill upon the
table. .
Mr. BRANCH demanded tellers upon the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McQueen
and Kelsey were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-two, noes not counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The questio.n was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 113; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Aveiy. Barksdale,
Bonham, Howie, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, John B. Clark,
Clay, Cobb, Burton'Crnige, Crawford, Curiy, Davidson,
Davis of Maryland, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, English,
Eustis, Faulkner, Garnett, Gartrell, Gihner, Goode, Green-
wood, Harris, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, Owen Jones, Kent, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar,
Letchei, McQueen, McRae, Huniphiev Marshall, Samuel
S. Marshall, Mason, Maynard, Miles, Millson, Montgomery,
Moore, Niblack, Nichols,Qeyton, John S. Phelps, Reagan,
Ricaudj Iluflin, Savage, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M.
Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, William Smith, Stalhvorth,
Stephens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Miles Taylor,
Tnppe, Underwood, Vance, Waikins, Wirislow, Wood-
son, Augustus R. Wright, and Zollicoffor—77
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Andrews, Barr,
Billinghuist, Bingham, Bishop, Bliss, Brayton, Buffinton,
Burliugdme, Burn-', BunuughsjCase. Cavanaugh,Chaffee,
Clawson, Clark ft. Cochiane, John Cochrane, Cockerili,
Colfax, Comin«, Covode, Cox, Cragm, James Craig, Curtis,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of Iowa,
Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Dmfee, Farnsworth, Penton,
Florence, Foley. Foster. Giddings, Gilman, Goocb, Good-
win, Gregg, Gtow, Lawrence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall,
ilarlan, Ilaskiu, Hatch, Hickman, Hoard, Hodges, Howard,
Jewett, George W. Jones, Keim, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore,
Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Lawrence, Leach, Leidy, Leiter,
Lovejoy, Muclay, Matteson, Miller, Morgan, Isaac N. Mor-
ns, Freeman II. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Murray, Olin,
Palmer, Parker. Pendleton, Pettit, William W. Phelps,
Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Puiviance, ReiUy, Bobbins,
Roberts, Ro\ce, Russell, Scott, Robert Smith, Spinner,
Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins,
Vallandigham, Wade, Walbridgc, Waldron, Walton,Ward,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wilson, Wouendjke, and John V. Wright
—113.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
During the call,
Mr. GROW stated that Mr. Sherman, of Ohio,
had paired off with Mr. Bocock; that Mr. Sher-
man was in favor of the bill and Mr. Bocock
opposed to it.
Mr. K^ITT. If this is the time to correct the
record, I desire to call the attention of the House
to the fact that the name of the gentleman from
Tennessee, Mr. Jones, is found in the negative;
the gentleman from Tennessee who usually votes
against all expenditures from the public Treasury.
[Laughter.]
Mr. JONES, ofTennessce. The record is right;
and 1 have made a record which I am willing to
stand by.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. MAYNARD. I appeal to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to withdraw the call for the
previous question, until the amendment I desire
to offer can be read.
Mr. GROW. I cannot withdraw it. If the
House wants to vote it down, they can do so.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be en-
j grossed and read a third time; and being en-
; grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
j Mr. GROW. I demand the previous question
i upon the passage of the bill.
