104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Jjaw and Order—Mr. Jackson.
a few hundred thousand dollars to rear a corps of >
free and intrepid seamen to man our naval, pri- |
vafeer, and merchant ships, but it is right to take ,
$3,000,000 to build a custom-house in New Or- j
leans; right to take $2,000,000 more to build an- !
other in Charleston, South Carolina; right to take
$10,000,000 to eradicate from the hearts of the
people of Kansas, by military force, the love of
freedom; right to squander $50,000,000 of the
public money annually, to reward partisans, in
the great Democratic crusade against the spirit of
Christian civilization; right to spend hundreds
upon hundreds of millions in the acquisition of
Cuba, Mexico, arid Central America, for the pur-
pose of opening new fields for the extension of
human bondage.
But, sir, I turn from the contemplation of such
sectional favoritism, under the belief that the
time is not far distant when this Government
will be administered by wise, patriotic, (hid na-
tional men, upon the principles enunciateflby the
fathers of the Republic, i turn from the contem-
plation of the sectional bitterness that now exists
in this country, with feelings of profound regret.
Its fruits are evil, and nothing but evil; and be-
sides, there is no occasion for it. There fire no
sectional antagonisms in this country, but the an-
tagonisms of opinion, and they are confined al-
most exclusively to the subject of slavery. Now,
as the system of slavery is, by the Constitution,
local, subject to State control alone, the antagon-
isms of opinion, on that subject, ought not to dis-
turb our social relations, or the harmony of the
country, any more than the antagonisms of opin-
ion on the subject of religion, critics, or any oilier
question of conscience. Whilst it is the duty of
every man to exert, to the full extent of his power,
amoral influence in the promotion of truth and
humanity, it is not Ins duty to quarrel with his
neighbor, whose opinions may difler from Ins
own. Reason and sympathy are antidotes for
perversities of conscience, not blows. The diver-
sities of soil,climate, and pioductions, in our wide-
spread country, are not antagonisms, but bonds of
concord and friendship.
The various branches of industry peculiar to
different localities, are so interlocked a^ to pro-
mote cach other. The prosperity of one promotes
the prosperity of all. New Kngland factories and
work-shopscreate markets forsouthoi n and west-
ern products. New England ships transport, the
vast surplus cottons, grams, and meats of the
South and West, to the best markets the worljj
affords, however remote. In return, those pro-
ducts give profitable employment to New Eng-
land commerce and navigation. One section of
the country feeds, another clothes, and another
manufactures for the whole. Hence, the growth
and prosperity of each sect ion promotes I he growt h
and prosperity of all the rest. Lop off any part
of our glorious Union, Kast, West, North, or
South, and the Union would be imperfect. As
a whole, it contains ati the (dements of a mighty
and prosperous empire. Disjoint it, and God
only can foresee the consequences. Let, then, the
whole country be just towards its several parts.
Let sectional animosities cease. Let the people
of all sections become as firmly united in friend-
ship, as the diversities of the counti y have united
them in interest. That result will he attained so
soon as the politicians of the country shall turn
statesmen, and cease to stir the fires of sectional
discord which they themselves have fanned into
a devouring flame for selfish ends.
LAW AND OKDKR,
SPEECH OF I-ION. J. JACKSON,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Kkpresentatives,
February 10, itoi).
The Ilmicr foeinj; in the Committee of the Whole on the
fetnte of the Union— * ! |
Mr. JACKSON said: j
Mr. Chairman: Gentlemonhavcdiseir;\ed with ■
abilnyand eloquence the political and commie.al p
ne< e^bity of the acquisition of the Island of Cuba; I,
and vision.; of the future growth of American do- ;!
main and of the ultimate glory of American em- ji
pue, have been freely indulged In response to this ,
necessity aed to t hose visions, my own heart beats j j
warmly; and my judgment sees nothing in our
complex, yet harmoniously-adjusted, system of
governments—Federal and State—incompatible
with the indefinite extension of our present vast do-
minion. Butundcrlying these forms ofGovern-
ment, which are the mere organs through which
the vital energy of our great country bieathes and
acts, are the people themselves—the sovereign
people of these States. It becomes, therefore, the
prudent political thinker, whilstallowmg his eye
to wander with patriotic hopes over regions yet
to be purchased with our money or conquered by
our valor, to turn that eye with the coldness of
impartial criticism upon our national inner-man
—the heart and life-blood of our vast organism—-
the people themselves; and though the task be
thankless., and his reward a sneer, if he detect
there the seeds of disease which, unchecked, must
thiow the entire system" into convulsions, and end
in death, it is his duty to expose that disease,
and assist, so far as he may be able, the great
heart of the nation to throw it oil. I fear, Mr.
Chairman, that disease is at this time preying
upon the vitalsofour system—not, I trust, among
avast majority of the people, but among large
and increasing numbers of them; and it is my
purpose to call the attention of the committee,
and, if my voice shall reach them, of the coun-
try, to what I conceive to be this alarming evil.
It is a disposition to set up caprice or passion
or prejudice or interest, each under the guise of
a " higher low," called conscience, above the laics
—to worship on "high places," at altars other
than that of the Constitution erected by our fath-
eis, and spi inkled and sanctified with the blood
of the Revolution, fn one word, it is a spirit of
insubordination to law and order. The seed was
sown many years ago by a cunning thought sug-
gested by an artful mind in the other wing of
the Capitol. That thought was that in each man
there is a law higher than the Constitution itself
—the law of conscience, and the responsibility of
that conscience alone to God—thus attempting to
annul the decree of Almighty, who, when in'che
human form of Jesus, said ''render unto Cresar
tie* things th.it are Cresar's, and unto God the
things that are God's." What is conscience?
Too often, from hum in depravity, but a self-con-
soling excuse lor unhallowed desire, or an artful
pretext for unlawful enterprise. What is this law
of conscience? It is a crown of absolute sover-
eignty placed upon the brow of every man, sub-
mitting to his option obedience or disregard of
every law, under the plea that the thing he calls
conscience will not permit him to obey this law,
or forces him to disregard that. Itin-volves a re-
pudiation of man's social nature and civih/.ed so-
ciety, and subverts the foundation of enlightened
government. Everybody knows that this foun-
dation is laid on the sacrifice of a portion of indi-
vidual liberty for the benefitof the community and
of the individual himself as a member of the com -
mumty. J5ut, if men be taught th.it the conscience
of each is above the law of all, and act out the
lesson in practical life, then, indeed, does "a mul-
titude of tyrants become the worst of tyranny;"
security of life, person, and property, the object
of all govei nment, is gone; the law, no longer
fixed, tluctuates with the changing breath of each
man's conscience; anarchy has hegrm, and des-
potism follows lapidly in its rear.
"Vet this doctrine, thus pregnant of evil, has
found foothold in our midst, and is marching with
rapid stnde all over the land. . Us footprints are
seen m the refusal of large portions ot the north-
ern people to enforce the plam provision of the
Constitution for the rendition of fugitives fro#
lnbur, in the resistance of mobs and commumf ies
and cntuv States to the execution of the fugitive
slase law ; What is the universal excuse' The
preiexts are many, hut the simplest analysis re-
duces them all to the higher law " of conscience.
That inward, unwritten, unseen law does not
suffer them to capture a slave, but forces thern to
connive nt his escape, assist him m his flight, and
thus defy the highest law of the land—the Con-
sniution of their country.
Maik the tuick of the higher law again, on the
plains of " bleeding Kansas." Emigiantaid so-
cieties. with powder and ball and Sharpy's rifloy,
ar-> an old eon-r, nt the n petition of which my
taste revoke, i'nrdon me, sir, for a brief allusion
Ho. of Reps.
to it. It lay right in the path of my thought, and
I may not pass it by, disgusting as is the sight to
me. Emigrants, armed to the teeth for civil war,
went to their work of arson and murder, with the
blessing of God invoked upon them by professed
priests and followers of the meek and merciful
Jesus. Yes, sir, the blessing of Him, who pro-
claimed his mission to be love, who repudiated
the pomp and prowess of arms, and relied for the
triumph of His kingdom alone upon the principles
He inculcated and the unseen yet all-pervading
spirit which He sends to enlighten every man—
His blessing, with a zeal equaled only by its pro-
fanity, was invoked upon this crusade of rapine
and murder. What is again the excuse? Con-
science whispers it was a great wrong to repeal-the
Missouri restriction, shifts out the thought that
the organic law of the Territory, right or wrong,
is the law of the land, and forces preachers of the
Gospel to bless those who migrate for the pur-
pose of resisting its execution with fire and sword.
Oh, what an unsafe guide is even enlightened
Chi is dan conscience, when, for a moment, it loses
sight of its polar star, the written word of God!
The same disposition to elevate the law of con-
science above the law of the land is more strik-
ingly exhibited, perhaps, in the progress of that
singular Mormon superstition which, driven from
its earlier settlements in Illinois by the advancing
tread of a better civilization, found a stronger
foothold in the Territory of Utah. There, under
influences congenial to the savsges who roamed
around it, it fed and fattened. Prompted bylust,
or deluded by a superstition unworthy of the age,
thousands ilocked to its standard; and the immu-
nity of conscience from the restraints of law was
the excuse rhat first permitted the adulterous her-
esy to he planted upon the soil of a Christian na-
tion, as well ns the apology for it in every stage
of its growth; though the most careless observer
could not fail to see that its noxious fruit must
poiaon the moral atmosphere,and so infect society
as to endanger the chaste relation of husband and
wife, the dependent r< lation of parent ami child,
and the peace nnd purity of the family circle.
The principle of the higher law led there to its
logical and inevitable result. The entire Terri-
tory yielded to the dominion of one man, claim-
ing to be God's vicegerent upon earth, and \*as
precipitited into open rebellion against the Fed-
eral authorities and the law of the land.
This dangerous hen-ay, thus originating m a
northern mind, and practically acted out m the
North and West, found no spot upon southern
soil congenial to its development for more than
sixty years. The southern statesman, upon the
floor of Congress, could proudly point to her en-
tire recoid, arid defy her bitterest mahgners to
show one blot upon her honor, or a single viola-
tion of constitutional law by her. Observing all
the compacts of the Constitution herself, she could
demand, and did demand with irresistible moral
power, the observance of them all by others.
It pains nie, therefore, Air. Chairman, to be
constrained, by truth, to sav that this <£ higher
law'-* doctrine has at last found advocotes in her
midst, has been openly acted out by a portion of
her people, is apologized for by others; and, un-
less soon checked by her own sense of n^ht, will
demoralize her lofty character, and destroy that
conservative influence which she has hitherto
maintained in the Confederacy, ft might have
been reasonably supposed that the origin of the
thought, corning, as it, did, from a bram fruitful
of evil to her, would have warned her children to
dash the poison from their hps. Her 2,'rea.t in-
terests, lesting, as they do, the Cn.'<>n alone
upon the Constitution and constitutional law,
should hove counst" led all her people never to un-
settle those ma-rests by viohtmg either the one
or the other. With an overwhelming rnnjority
of political power against her, it is obviously her
policy, while submitting to nothing wrung, to do
nothing but what js right. Entertaining these
opinions of her interest and policy, I do depre-
cate those manifestations of " higherlaw''v/hich
some of her sens have recently exhibited, I al-
lude to the attempts made to set at defiance the
neutrality laws, and to reopen, contrary to law,
tin African slave b-ado. The first may have been
prompted by a love of chivalrous adventure, de-
votion to the land of the South, and iointment
