1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
727
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. GROW. And I move to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I have the
floor; and the gentleman from Pennsylvania can-
not get it to make that motion,
The SPEAKER. The question is not debat-
able.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Has the
previous question been seconded?
The SPEAKER. It has been demanded.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
desire to have this hill passed without debate. It
has never been debated.
Mr. GROW. It has been debated for the last
eight years.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move a
reconsideration, and I ask to have my motion en-
tered. I will not discuss it at this time. Let the
gentleman tiavel on with his bill, but I hope the
House will not lay my motion to reconsider upon
the table; for I give notice that I desire to be
heard heieafter upon it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Has the motion to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table been
made ?
Mr. GROW. I made the motion, and adhere
to )t.
Mr. HOUSTON. Does that motion take pre-
cedence of the motion for the previous question ?
If the House should vote down the previous ques-
tion, then the motion to reconsider could bccallcd
up, and the gentleman from Kentucky would be
entitled to the floor for the purpose of debate. If
the Speaker should rule that the motion to lay
upon the table takes precedence, then the gentle-
man from Kentucky, who made the motion to re-
consider, may in that way be cutoff from debat-
ing it, while at the same time the House may
negative the previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky can relieve himself from the difficulty by
withdrawing his motion to reconsider.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I desire to
call the attention of the Speaker to one single point
in the ruling of the Chair, with the hope that it
may produce some effect with reference to his ul-
timate decision. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, by a vote of the
House; and then, sir, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania called for the previous question on the
passage of the bill. My motion is to leconsider
the vote by which this bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time. The previous
question, at that stage and at that point of the
proceeding, had exhausted itself. Then, does the
demand for the previous question on the passage
of the bill attach to my motion to reconsider, so
as to cut me off from any opportunity to advo-
cate that motion ? Does not my motion have pre-
cedence of the question upon which the previous
question has been called ? Can I not be heard
on mymotion at a point where the previous ques-
tion has been exhausted without being affected
by the call for the previous question on the pas-
sage of the bill ? If I am right—and I think 1 am
m the view T tnke of tlie question of order—I do
not care to lose my chance, at this time, of ad-
dressing to the House the opinions I have of the
pending measure.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I should like to
know how the gentleman voted?
The SPEAKER. Where the vote is not re-
coided it has not been usual to raise, when a mo-
tion to reconsidtr has been made, the inquiry
whether the mover vgted in the affirmative or neg-
ative, because there are no means of ascertaining
how the member voted.
The practice of the House has been uniform,
as the gentleman from Kentucky must remember,
that whenever an undebatable motion is pending,
all incidental questions at isnig during its pendency
must be decided or disposed of without debate.
For instance: in this very case, if the gentleman
from Kentucky appeals from the decision of the
Chair, that appeal is not debatable, for the reason
that, an undebatable motion is pending before the
House. Such has been the uniform practice of
the House, without exception, since the present
occupant of the chair has been a member of the
House.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I do not
appeal from the Chair's decision. I only pre-
sented the rationale of the thing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania moves that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Does the
gentleman propose to call up my motion now,
when I desire to have it go over until a future
day ? '
Mr. GROW. I propose just this: if there be
a majority of the House in favor of the passage
of the bill, to press its passage at this time.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
The previous question on the passage of the
bill was seconded, and'the main question was
ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the afliimative—yeas 120, nays 76; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott. Adiain, Andrews, Barr, Billing-
liuist, Btupham, Bishop, Bh«s, Brayton, Butfimon, Burhn-
game, Bums, Buiiounhs, Case, Cavattau<zh, Cliallec, Ezia
Clark, dawson, Clark B. Cochtane. John Coehtane, Guck-
enll, Colfax, Comins, Corning. Covode, Cox.Craum, JamCn
Craijr, Cuius, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodtl, Durfee, Farns-
woith, Kenton, Florence, Folcv, Fostei, Giddin^s,Gilinan,
Gooch, Goodwin, Gianger, Gicug, Gioo^bcok, Giow,Law-
lence VV. Hall, Robert B. Hall, llailnn, Haskin, Hatch,
Hickman. Hoaid. Hodges, Hot tun, Hovvaid, Jewell. Georue
W. Jones*'. Kenn, Kellogg, Kebry, Kilgoic, Kmipp, John C.
Tvuukel, Lawience, Leach, Lcuer, Lovcjov, i\iaelay, Me-
Kibhm, Matteson. Miller, Mouian. Momil. Edward J<>\
Moms, I-aac N. Morns, Freeman H, Moim\ Olivet A.
Morso, Muttav, Olin, Palmer. Paiker, Pendleton, Petot,
William W Phelp-. Phillips, Pike, Pottei, Pottle. Pum-
ance, Reillv, Roll bins, Robeits, Roj ee, Uus>ell. Scot!, John
Sherman, Robert Smith, Spiuneu Stanton, William St  w -
art, Tnppan, Geoi«o Tnyloi, Th.ivei, Tompkins. Valhindur-
ham. Wade, Walbi uiirc, U'aldion, Walton. Ward. Cadw.tl-
adet C. Washburn,Elhhit 15. Wasitbuine. Israel Washburn,
Wil-on, and Wortcinhke—300.
NAVS — Mes-.is. Andeii-oti, Atkins, Avety, Barksdalc,
Boeoek, Bonium, Bowie, Boyee, Bjatieh, Butneit,Caelue.
Joint B. Cl.uk, Cobb, Bui Ion Ci.u<je, Ciawtord, Cuny,
Davi<3 of MatyS.tnd, Dowdell, Edmund-on, Enyli^b, En-ae-.
Faulkner, Gainett, Garlrelt. Gdmer. Goode, Oicertwood,
Hams, Hill, Hopkins, Houston, llughe*, Jackson, Jenkins.
Kent, Jacob M. Kunkel, Lamar. Leidv, Leiebet, MeUu«;en,
McRae, Ilumphiev Mar-hall, Samuel S Mar-hall, Mason,
Maynard, Mile-*, Million, Moore, Niblaek, Niehols, Peyton,
Ready, Heagan, Ricaud. Rullin, Se;ile>, Seward, Aaron
Shaw, Homy M Shaw, Shoiter, Singleton. Samuel A
Smith, William Smith, Stallwouh, Stephen5-, James A.
Stewait, Tnppo, Undmvood, Vanee, Watkms, Wlmeley,
Wnislow, Wood-on, Augustus R. Wiight, John V. Wnght,
and ZolheotFer—76.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. GROW moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW demanded the previous question
on the title of the bill.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. Is it in order to
amend the title ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been called.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof, the title was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
! Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
1 Bills, reported that that committee had examined
; and found truly enrolled, a joint resolution au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to comey
■ a portion of the Government lot, upon winch the
United States court-house stands, in Rutland,
Vermont, in exchange for other land adjoining
such lot; when the Speaker signed the same.
FRENCH SPOLIATION BILL.
Mr. FAULKNER. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. CORNING. I ask the gentleman to yield
a moment, until 1 carunuroduce a bill for refer-
ence only.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is House bill (No. 552) to provide for the ascer-
tainment and satisfaction of claims of American
citizens, forspoliations committed by the French,
prior to the 3ist day of July, 3801.
Mr. BURLINGAME. Mr.Speaker,inasmuch
as tho Haims covered by that bill have been dis-
cu-ssed for the last fifty years, 1 have risen, not
for the purpose of making a speech, but to make
a motion. Twentv-~ix reports have been made
in favor of these claims. A bill for their payment
has passed the Senate five times, and the House
twice.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a point of order.
I desire to know whether this bill can be consid-
ered in the House without having been first con-
sidered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union > 1 hold that'under the terms
of that bill it makes an appropriation. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury, under its terms, can re-
deem these certificates whenever there are funds
on hand to do it, without further legislation by
Congress. If that be so, then 1 hold that under
the rules th& bill must go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union for consideration
there.
Mr. FAULKNER. Is this the special order
for to-day? 4
The SPEAKER. The Chair is not aware of
any special order for this day. This bill was
postponed two weeks ago.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Is there not a motion
pending to refer this bill to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. There is.
Mr. FAULKNER. I callfor the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. This is the regular order of
business.
Mr. BURLINGAME. Twelve of the States
of this Union, through their Legislatures, have
lecommendcd the pfeymcnt of these claims.
Mr. LETCHER. I want my point of order
settled befoie we go any further.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I thought that it was
settled.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I would like
to put an inquiry to the gentleman from Virginia,
as well as to the Chair. Does this bill differ in
any essential particular from the last bill for this
purpose which passed, and upon which a pre-
cisely similar question of order was raised ? The
decision of the Chair was, that it was not neces-
sary m that case to refer the bill to the Commit-
toe of Whole; on the state of the Union, for the
reason that it only declared a liability, and did not
make any appropriation of money; and that de-
cision was sustained by the House.
Mr. LETCHER. That is the point in contro-
versy.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. There have
been several like decisions upon previous French
spoliation bills identical almost with this .J
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the point of order debat-
able before an appeal is taken or the decision of
the Chair is made ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. If it is not de-
batable, then I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. HOUSTON. I prefer to go on with this
matter in the regular way.
The SPEAKER. The'Chair has indulged gen-
tlemen with a view of hearing suggestions on the
point of order. It is difficult for the Chair to de-
cide the question.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection, if that
is the state of the question.
Mr. M1LLSON. I think this bill was before
considered first in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and not in the House.
Mr. LETCHER. I know that it was; I offered
amendments to it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. This bill makes an ap-
propriation after these claims have been examined
and passed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts will proceed with his argument. This
question c<m be decided when the gentleman has
concluded his remarks.
Mr. BURLINGAME. I do not desire to ad-
dress the House on this subject. The bill has
been discussed, from time to time, so fully, that
it is unnecessary now to go into any elaborate
argument on it. I say tlfat the Legislature of
twelve States have recommended the passage ot
a bill paying these claims, comprehending the
New England States, the great central States of
New York and Pennsylvania, and the great west-
ern State of Ohio 
Mr. BARKSDALE. Is it in order to discuss
the merits of the bill on the point of order? I de-
sire the gentleman to confine himself to the point
of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is in ord'.r.
