106
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Law and Order—Mr. Jackson.
Ho. of Reps.
Confederacy, can govern that Confedei'acy, and
execute the laws in peace. It can never be done
by any Administration put into power by one
section alone. In other words, the success of a
purelv sectional party will inevitably result in an
overthrow of the Government, and a dissolution
of the Union. Suppose the Republican party had
succeeded in the last presidential contest, and fil-
ibustering enterprises and slave trade adventures,
similar to those lately exhibited at the South, had
been set on foot: does any sane man believe the
Administration of that party could have suppressed
them hi peace? Suppose the South had acquiesced
in the inauguration of such an .Administration:
six months would not have elapsed before revo-
olution and ruin would have overwhelmed the
country. Let it be remembered, that revolutions
are never the work of sober majorities acting through
the forms of law. A spark is thrown into some
inflammable neighborhood. It ignites the hearts
of the people there, and, catching and spreading
into other neighborhoods, it runs and burns where -
ever it finds material on which to feed; and it finds
that material wherever hearts, kindred to those
first inflamed, beat with the same sympathies of
clime, or country, or section. Men, thus on fire, do
not stof> to argue. The heart, the great governor
of the will, beats for action; and act they must.
Now, sir, in view of tins principle of human
nature, universal in man, let us suppose an Ad-
ministration not voted for by a man at the South,
or, if the South were the dominant section, not
voted for by a man at the North, to undertake to
enforce a law calculated to arouse sectional feel-
ing in the weaker section: what, I ask, would be
the natural consequence ? Resistance to its exe-
cution—wrongful and unlawful m us origin, if you
please; confined, it might be, to a single neighbor-
hood, perhaps to a hundred men; but resistance
still would be made. To execute the law thus
resisted, foice would necessarily be resorted to;
and it requires no prophet to foresee that the first
drop of biood ordered to be shed by order of such
Executive—in whose choice they had no share—
would, like the blood spilt at Lexington, arouse
a million of hearts, and baptize another new-born
nation.
Mr. Chairman, there was excitement, intense
(xntement, at Mobile and Savannah, in conse-
quence of the ellortsof this rfdministrationy elected
m part by the people there, to enforce the laws.
Who shall *ay what would have been the eon.se-
quencca had force been used by a sectional Ad-
ministration, for which no man among that pe*-
ilc had voted—nay, which Administration had
ueen installed into power by an oiganization hos-
tile to one of their dearest lights, the right of
property; and that, too, when the offenders sought
to be punished were seeking, m the opinion of
portions of that people, to extend and strengthen
that gient light of property?
Sir, my colleague in the Senate, [Mr. Iyeusont,]
a few days since, expressed the ©pinion that the
Union could not survive the election of Mr. Sew-
ard to the Piesidency; thatopmion has been rid-
iculed, and the Senator derided. Yet, 1 under-
take to say, that a more solemn truth never was
ntt< ted m the American Senate; and every man
111 Georgia, who knows anything of me, knows
tlijt, 111 my heait, 44 the wish is not father to the
thought." My views have ever been conserva-
tive—my love of the Union of my fathers, intense;
1 have sometimes thought, Mr. Chairman, too
strong:; hut, sir, my judgment, stripped of all feel-
ing, cold and naked, can see no other result from
lus accession to power. Even if the South watted
for the inauicuiation of a man whoannounces that
all the States must be fiee or slave, the fust effort
he made to enforce any law at all connected with
sla\ery would be resisted, if, for no other reason,
for the purpose of producing a separation; blood,
revolution, civil war, would follow; and the
Union, as our fathers made it—a Union of equal
and assenting States- -would be at an end forever.
From these considerations 1 deduce the eon<-lu-
sion that of all parties now existing and organized,
the Democratic party alone can govern this coun-
try in peace, and give to the people security
everywheie. it is the only paity possessed of
strength North and South, and therefore the only
paity that can govern in peace both North and
South. The Republican party is confined t'o the
E
North, the American party to the South; the lat-
ter not so confined from its principles, but be-
cause it is absorbed by the Republicans at the
North, and has no distinctive strength there. I
am aware that an effort is being made to form a
party out of the two, uniting the Americans and
the more conservative Republicans upon an ap-
proach, at least, to national principles. This pol-
icy was foreshadowed in an able speech by the
distinguished gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Marshall,] a few nights ago. I wish that pol-
icy success; for if the Democratic party must be
defeated, for the sake of the country, and the con-
tinuance and success of our institutions, let it be
done by a party assimilated toitself— national, not
sectional—drawing its inspiration from the Con-
stitution, and with a patriotism as broad as the
Union.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is the gentleman will-
ing to join that great conservative party ?
Mr. JACKSON. No, sir; because I belong to
a better one now.
Mr. STANTON. That is the reason I will not
join it.
Mr. JACKSON. If the party of the gentleman
from Ohio had any strength at the South, then
my argument would utterly fail, and the Repub-
lican party would be national. For the reason
that it has no strength at the South, it must ne-
cessarily be sectional. I want the gentleman to
unite with the gentleman from Kentucky in the
formation of that conservative party, so that the
country may be safe, and the good men of every
party may sleep in peace.
Mr. FCiSTER. If the Republican party should
triumph, does the gentleman really believe that
it would invade any of the rights of the South ?
Mr. JACKSON. I honestly and seriously do
believe that that result would be disastrous to the
Confederacy, and would break up the Union of
these States* whether the gentleman desued it or
not.
Mr. STANTON. Does the gentleman regard
the test of sectionalism aa being the locality in
which a party leceives votes, or the principles on
which that pai ty stands?
Mr. JACKSON. There is no use in disguising
the fact that the people of this country aie divided
into two great sections. There is, as every man
can feel, a distinct line drawn between them. In
one section the States hold slaves; m the other
they do not. From the assaults that have been
made on that weaker section, and from the fact
that their institutions have been assailed—as they
were assailed on this floor this afternoon by the
genilemau from Illinois, [Mr. Lo\ejoy,J—the
South is sensitive, and justly so. A sectional
party is, from the very nature of the case, a geo-
graphical party. The Republican party is con-
fined exclusively to the North, not because of the
climate, but because theie are no slaves there. I
domot want the people of the North to have slaves
against their will. I would not interfere with
any of their rights; but they are distinct from us
in their social organization,and we are,from the
attacks constantly made upon us, suspicious
about them. For that reason, so long as the gen-
tleman's party is confined to the North and has
no strength at all among us, 1 must regard it, and
1 think every sensible man must regard it, as a
sectional party.
Mr. STANTON. Did the gentleman legaid
the Whig party as a national one?
Mr. JACKSON. I did.
Mr. STANTON. Suppose that the Republi-
can party of to-day should adopt, tolies quotits,
the principles and platform of the Whig party,
and yet, in consequence of the changes m public
sentiment for the last ten years, could get no
votes South: is the Republican party, therefore,
any moio a sectional party, with such platform,
than was the old Whig patty ?
Mr. JACKSON. Romeo told us a great many
years ago, that "which we call arose by any
other name would smell as sweet;"and Republi-
can is just as good a name, so far as I am con-
cerned, as Wing. I care nothing about the name.
If the party of the gentleman will bona fide adopt
principles that can receive southern votes, then,
of course, his party ceases to be a&ectional paity,
and becomes national.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to say to the gentle-
man that we do not understand that the Repub-
lican party of to-day proclaims or professes or
has in its platform a solitary principle that has
not been advocated by Mr. Clay and the Whig
party down to the year 1854. Now, if the South
lias abandoned the Whig party and the principles
on which it was organized and existed as a na-
tional party for a quarter of a century, and if it
has organized itself into a sectional party, does
that make ours a sectional party? We have no
principles in our platform for which we cannot
quote the authority of Mr. Clay and of every
leading statesman of the South from the organ-
ization of the Government down to this time.
Mr. JACKSON. If that great patriot who now
sleeps m his grave, Henry Clay, ever uttered a
sentimentln this country that all the States of this
Union must be free or slave, I am not aware ofit.
I never heard of it. But I understand that such a
sentiment has been uttered recently in the State of
New York by the great leader of the Republican
party, Mr. Seward—the gentleman who, in all
probability, will be their candidate for President.
Mr. STANTON. I do not intend that the Re-
publican party shall be bound by the opinions of
any man. What the gentleman refers to is merely
the opinion of the Senator from New York, that
there is an antagonism between the two systems.
About that there may be differences of opinion
North and South. What I claim is, that the au-
thoritative exposition of principles of the party,
as authentically proclaimed by its conventions and
Us regularly-constituted authorities, is to be taken
as Us basis. We do not hold ourselves respons-
ible for the sentiments that may be expressed by
any man or any newspaper. What I ask is, that
the Republican party shall be judged by the proc-
lamation of principles made by those authorized
to proclaim tWm.
Mr, JACKSON. I am gratified that this col-
loquy has taken place to-night between the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Ohio and myself. I
am deeply gratified that he, at least, as one lead-
ing Republican, utterly repudiates the Rochester
platform of the distinguished Senator from New
York. The gentleman has but one step further
to take, and that is to ally himself with the distin-
guished gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mar-
shall.] I will meet that party, when thus organ-
ized, in Georgia, and fight it to the best of my
ability; and if the old Democratic flag is to go
down, I sluill feel happy, at least, that our great
country, which I love, is safe.
Mr. STANTON. I have no doubt the gentle-
man thinks it very desiiable that a party should
be organized in the free States upon the princi-
ples set forth by the gentleman from Kentucky;
for the gentleman *s party would have no difficulty
m beating such a party. It would be the easiest
thing m the world. I do not wish to be under-
stood as having expressed any opinion, pro or
con., as to the antagonism of interests between
the two suctions of the Confederacy; but, if the
gentleman supposes that there is to be any or-
ganization, m the free States, upon the principles
proclaimed by the gentleman from Kentucky, of
the Dred Scott decision and of the constitutional
I establishment of slavery in the Territories, why,
1 he is laboring under a great delusion. No such
parly as that could live in any free State one
hour.
Mr. JACKSON. Why, sir, I was rejoicing
just now to hear the gentleman, as I thought, re-
pudiate the position of the distinguished Senator
from New Yoik. It seems I was mistaken; and
I am very sorry that I have now to enroll him as
a disciple of this higher.law; because he repudi-
ates the Dred Scott decision, which is a decision
of the Supreme Court of this country, which all
law-abidingcitizensshouldrespect. I have, there-
foic, mingled feelings of pleasure and of pain
growing out of this colloquy—pleasure, at one
moment, because I thought he had repudiated the
principle of his distinguished leader, the Senator
1 from New York; pain, now that I find that he
niuat be enrolied as one of the disciples of the
higher-law doctime of that Senator.
; ilutlot me proceed, fiom this digression,upon
the train of thought in which I was interrupted.
' I can conceive of nothing more to be desired by
, good men—nothing to be haded with more joy
:l by every pUU'iolwho loves Ins whole couutjy—
