1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
107
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Oregon—Mr. Farnsworth.
Ho. of Reps.
than the organization of a party, differing, if it
must, from the Democratic party in govern-
mental detail, yet like it in devotion to the Con-
stitution, love of the Union, and justice to all sec-
tions. If the country should be again divided
into two great and patriotic parties, like the old
"Whig and Democratic parties, on the return of
those quartemial elections which separate the
people into two opposing political armies, the
good man, whether preferring the one or the other,
on the night of the gieat contest, may rest in
peace, assuied that, whatever may have been the
result, the Government organized by his fathers
will be-maintained in its integrity, and his rights
of person and property secured to him and his
children.
But I greatly fear, sir, that the conservative
element in the Republican ranks will be too weak
to contend for the mastery with that "higher
law"principle, which has been its life-blood,and
without which, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Stanton] thinks, and I dare say coirectly, it
will dwindle and die. Should these fears be real-
ized, the principles of the gentleman from Ken-
tucky, and all who think with him, North and
South, will lead them into a party already organ-
ized, as devoted to our constitutional union as
any that can be formed; the very party so elo-
quently described by himself, and which he fails
now to recognize only because of past associa-
tions. Why should these associations deter him
from its em brace ? Democratic principle is molded
into the very being of his country. The propor-
tions of that country's gigantic stature are formed
nut of the material of Democratic thought and
fashioned by Democratic hands. Where on the
statute-book can a law be found of finance or rev-
enue, settling the internal policy of our country,
and acquiesced in by our countrymen of all par-
ties, that has not been placed on the statute-book
by Democratic votes and stereotyped on the hearts
of the people by Democratic argument? The iron
hand of Jackson struck the blow that severed the
money of the people from the mammoth Bank;
and the Democracy followed up the blow by dis-
solving its connection with the lesser monopolies
that had grasped the spoil. Democratic argument
and votes have approximated the tariff, after pro-
tracted struggles, to the revenue standard; and
the principle at this late day is too strongly fixed
in the affections of the masses to be abandoned to
temporary policy or surrendered to greedy appe-
tite for spoils.
Not less identified with the growth of our em-
pire is the name and fame of the Democratic party.
Associated with them are a thousand memories,
interweaving them with every garland of her p«st
progress and glory. The Mississippi, so long as
it pours its flood of waters to the Guif, shall
mingle with the hum of its immense commerce
the name of Jefferson, the father of Democracy.
Every breath of wind that stirs the magnolia
groves of Florida, brings from the land of flowers
fresh fragrance to the memory of Monroe, another
of the patriot sages of Democracy. The immense
cotton and sugar fields of Texas, and the golden
sands of California, all attest the past triumphs
of Democratic policy, and point with unerring
finger to Cuba, destined soon to be added, with
her tropical fruits and^tobacco and sugars, to
swell the practical triumphs of Democratic rule.
Talk about the destruction of such a party,
because there are quarrels in our ranks ! Sir,
the Democracy always have quarreled," and
they always will quarrel, among themselves.
But these quarrels are but summer thunder—
clouds destined soon to j^ass away and leave the
atmosphere purer than before; but bubbles upon
the surface of the stream, necessary to let off the
noxious gas beneath. The great current rolls on,
and must roll on forever; at least while the Con-
stitution, strictly construed, needs defenders, and
the rights of the States friends and champions.
Those who argue from present distractions the
destruction of ihe Democratic pasty, have failed
to read, or read with little profit, their country's
history. They miscalculate the inherent strength
of its principles, and fail to appreciate the confi-
dence its past career inspires. Look at it i 1840,
discomfited and overwhelmed, North afid South.
See it in 1S44, triumphant again. Behold it in
1854, weakened and distracted; yet in 1856 we
see it again victorious. Though the elections of
1858 have been disastrous to its prospects, they
are scarcely worse than those of 1854; and who
shall say that 18G0 will not usher m another vic-
tory as brilliant as that of 1856?
Let us then, sir, close up our broken ranks and
face the foe together. True, it is sometimes ne-
cessary to cut off a piece of" dry rot" which the
frosts of the North produce, or prune some luxu-
riant branch which the rich soil and hot sun of
the South have shot too high; but the first only
invigorates the trunk of the Democratic tree by
keeping its sap pure; and the last, whilst it gives
more solidity to the lopped limb, which might
have fallen by the cxcess of its unchecked growth,
causes the whole top to widen and intertwine,
thus increasing the breadth and interlocking the
branches andstrengtheningthe unity ofthe whole.
Let all who love the Union gather under its
mighty shade, and all who would piotectthe rights
of the States in the Union find there the surest
shelter from every storm. At all events, Mr.
Chairman, let all patriots unite in inculcating
obedience to law, and sustaining the Executive in
its execution, pf all people on earth, we should
be the most law-abiding; for we are the only peo-
ple who have an equal voice in making the law.
And let none or" us, the Representatives of the
people, be deterred from sustaining the Executive
where he is right, by the silly cry of sycophancy
and subserviency to the powers that be. We are
in more danger oT doing wrong, m this free coun-
try, from demagoguism than sycopliancy. Syco-
phancy involves the sacrifice of principle at the
shrine of place, where place is to be secured
through Executive power; demagoguism, too, is
the surrender of principle for the sake of office,
where office is sought at the hands of the people.
The only difference is the appointing power. The
man who would be a sycophant in a monarchy,
where all power emanatesfrom the throne, is very
apt to be a demagogue where all power springs
from the people.
Holding our places here from the people, we
are in more danger of doing wrong from the fear
of our appointing power—the people—at home,
than from any subserviency to the Executive,
from whom we hold no office, and, from his lim-
ited tenure, expect none. Our fathers designed
that we should be independent of the Executive,
and the Constitution makes us perfectly so. It
is right that we should be so. It is right, too, that
we should reflect the opinions of those we repre-
sent, when consistent with our sense of right; or,
if inconsistent with that sense, give place to oth-
ers. But the popular clamor of the few some-
times sounds like the voice of the majority, and-
the Representative too often swells that clamor,
instead of endeavoring to stem its torrent. I
claim to be no better than other men. I speak
out of my own heart. I argue fjom influences
against which I have been constrained to guard
myself. Compared with the appi obation of those
who sent me here, the approbation of all others
weighs as nothing with me; and I submit, that in
opening my own heart, I have revealed the in-
ward emotions of all others here. Nor, Mr.
Chairman, have these remarks in behalf of law
and order put to the test any firmness of mine,
or displayed the slightest moral courage in me;
fori feel I have but echoed Die sentiments of my
people at home. My acquaintance with the larger
portion of them is the acquaintance of yeais.
During much of that time it was my duty to ad-
minister the law among them; and it affords me
pleasure to say, that nowhere on earth is there a
people more devoted to oider, or more obedient
to law. Nowhere do juries listen more atten-
tively to charges of the court, or endeavor more
faithfully to apply them to the facts. Lynch law
and mob law are unknown among them. Their
law of conscience is the unostentatious discharge
of duty. They seek no 44 higher law" than the
Constitution and laws of their countiy; and if all
the people of our Union were, m this ro>pect, like
the people of the sixth district of Georgia, that
Union would indeed stand forever; for it would
rest where our fathers placed it—upon a Consti-
tution of equal rights to all sections and all citi-
zens, and upon the hearts of a people loving that
Constitution as their li highest laicand determ-
ined to maintain and obey it
ADMISSION OF OREGON.
SPEECH OF HON. J. FARNSWORTH,
OF ILLINOIS,
In the HoubE of Representatives,
February 10, 1859.
The House being in the Committee ofthe Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. FARNSWORTH said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 do not rise for the purpose
of making a speech, but only to occupy the at-
tention of the committee for a very few minutes,
while I make a few remarks in reference to the
Oregon bill. It was not my intention to speak
upon this question this evening, and I probably
should not have done so now, had the time ofthe
committee been occupied as was anticipated; but
I k-now that there are several gentlemen who de-
sire to address the House upon this question to-
morrow, and more, perhaps, than will get time
before the vote is taken.
But before proceeding to give my views in ref-
erence to the Oregon question, I wish to say a
word or two—and buta word or two—in reply to
the gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Jackson,] in
reference to the organization of political parties.
My impression is that the gentleman's anxiety
for the foirimtiou of this'consenjafwe patty, as he
is pleased to style it, grows out of the fact that he
thi nkait would be an easy party to beat, especially
as the gentleman himself is? very much averse to
joining it, and says he belongs to a much better
one. Now, sir, when the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Stanton] stated that there was no principle
now held by the Republican party which had not
been advocated and held by eminent Whig states-
men, both North and South, I wished thathehad
also added by eminent Democratic statesmen,
both North and South. For, sir, whatever of
genuine Democracy there is left in the country,
is held by the Republican party. There is not a
school boy, who is posted up in his A B Cs, in our
political history, but who can demonstrate that
the Republican party stands upon the same plat-
form that Thomas Jefferson stood upon,in refer-
ence to this questio'n ofslavery. Everyman North
or South knows that we hold the same principles
that James Madison held in reference to this ques-
tion. Why, sh, it is but a day or two since I
picked up an argument that was recently made in
the Legislature of South Carolina, by a very elo-
quent member of that body, in reference to the
slave trade, in which he admitted substantially
that the Republicans of to-day occupied the same
ground that was occupied at the organization of
the Government of the United States by the men
who made the Constitution. But he stated that
the people of this generation were wiser than
those of that, and that the people of this day had
found raft that the principles incorporated into the
Decianuion of Independence, by Thomas Jeffer-
son and his colleagues, were false and fallacious.
Now, sir, it is hut a few years since a Democratic
President signed a territorial bill which prohib-
ited slavery. In this very Territoiy of Oregon,
which we are now asked to admit into the Unien
under this constitution, slavery was prohibited by
an act of Congress, passed by a Democratic ma-
jority in both Houses, and approved by James
K. Polk, a Democratic President.
Mr. JACKSON. If the gentleman "will allow
me just there, I will state that the reason why Mr.
Polk signed that bill, and why Democrats from
the vSouih voted for it, was because, at that time,
that long line of the Missouri compromise was
stretched across this country, and had not been
violated by the acquisition of California. When
California was acquired, the North refused to
apply the line to that country. Oregon lay north
of that line; and, at that time, the Democratic
party of this country were in favor of adhering
to that line in good faith.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Does not the gentle-
man know that that " long line of the Missouri
compromise" did not reach the Territory of Ore-
gon ?
Mr. JACKSON. The spirit of it did.
Mr. FAIINSWORTH. The spirit of if could
not extend beyond the line. The Missouri com-
promise was only made to apply to the Louisiana.
