1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL QLOBE.
79*
question. I believe the bill makes a permanent |j to prolong this debate._ I will barely state that,
appropriation, to tlio amount of this stock, of >1 during th% present session, to go no further back,
85,01)0,000. And if the Chair will refer to the the Chair decided that the pension bill need not
bills giving; authority to issue stocks, he will find j! go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
that there is a striking similarity in the language j' of the Union. That bill, sir, certainly imposed
to that used in this bill; and I think he can come
to no other conclusion than that it makes an ap-
propriation, and must be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the bill be laid
on the table; and upon that motion I call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. LETCHER, f would appeal to the gen- j
tieman from Indiana to withdraw that motion, j
until the question of order has been decided.
Mr. HUGHES. One of my reasons for ,
making the motion, is that I desire to save the j
time of the House, and also to relieve the Chair
from the necessity of deciding this very embar- 1
rassing question of order. j
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I desire to call ;
the attention of the Chair to the precedent, in tire ,
case of the New York fire bill, in which the
Speaker ruled that it did not make an appropria-
tion. j-
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to de-
bate.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
a greater charge upon the Treasury than this
one would. According to the estimates (which
were made, that biil would involve a charge of j,
P0,000,000 annually. I thought the decision of"
the Chair on that occasion wrong; but no appeal
was taken; and I am now willing to consider the
principle as settled, and that this bill may be
, considered now in the House.
j Now, I do not agree at all with the gentleman
! from Virginia, [Mr. Letcher,] as to the import- ;j
1 ance of referring this bill to the Committee of the !i
| Whole on*the state of the Union. It has been j
j before Congress ever since I have been here. It jj
: has been discussed again and again and again. '!
: It has parsed, as has been said before, twice, and ii
| been vetoed twice, and I suppose if there is any j|
j bill with the provisions of which this House is !
i generally acquainted, it is this for the payment of ■
i French spoliations. My mind was made up years :•
' ago, and I voted for both of those bills which
| passed. This bill is not exactly in the shape of
1 those which passed then, and I suppose it has
been drafted with a view to keep it out of the
The question was taken; and it was decided in l| Committee of the Whole on the state of the ;;
  *..n  , Union. But I do not desire to consume the time
the negative—yeas 75, nays 106; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Atkins, Barksdale, Barr, Bonham,
Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Burns, Chapman, John B. Clark,
Cobb. Cockeriii. Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davis of
Indiana, Dowdell, Edmundson, Elliott, Enalish, Fams-
worth. F.iUlknf r. Foley. Garnert, Gartrell, Gilhs, Goode,
Greenwood, Gregg, Gio'e'sbeek, Harlan. Hopkins, Houston,
Hughes, Jackson, Jewett, George VV. Jones, Owen Jones,
Kilgore, Jacob M.Kunkul, Lamar, Lawrence, Lfitcr. Love-
joy, McQueen, Mason,-Maynard, Miller, .MilNnn, Mont-
gomery, Moore, Nlblack, Nichols, Peyton, William W.
Phelps", Reagan, I!Savage.Scales. Seward, HenryIM.
Shaw, Shorter, Singleton, Samuel A Smith, Stallvvortll,
Stevenson, Miles Taylor, Vallandigham, Vance. ESIihu B.
Wa«hburne,Watkins",VVhiEe,W"ms]ow, Augustus R. Wright,
and John V. Wright—7.3.
NAFS — Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Ahl, Anderson, An-
drews, Avery. Bennett, Bingham. Bishop, Bliss, Bowie,
Bravton, Butfinton, Burhngame, Case, Chaffee, dawson,
Clay. Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Colfax, Comma,
Covode, Cragin. James Craig, Bavis of Maryland, Davis of
Massachusetts, Davis of iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dodd, Durfee.
of the House. !!
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand that the pen- j
sion bill, to which the gentleman from Georgia re- :j
fers, was discussed in Committee of the Whole ;j
on the state of the Union. Indeed, that is where
it received its entire discussion. The gentleman 1
is evidently mistaken; but, suppose he is correct:
that case could not be cited as a precedent in this, '
because the point was not made under the rule to ■:
which I called the attention of the Chair a few ,j
moments since. n
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I did.not say j]
that the pension bill was not first discussed in the
Committee of the Whole, but I do say that the ''
bill which was passed was not. And I say fur- j;
tiler, that the point was made and decided by the '!
Chair, that the bill which passed need not be first
considered in the Committee of the Whole on the <
I am not mistaken. I now |l
Florence, !■ oot'-r, Gsiman. Gnoch, Goodwin, Granger, Law-
rence W. Hall, Robert B. Hall, Hams. Haskin, Hatch, ji j"*"J ~
Hickman. Hoard. Hoda s, Horton, Howard, Keim, Kelsey, j| stale or ll,e ^nion.
Knapp, John C. Kunk'.'t, Leach, Letcher. Maciav. McKib- t: move the previous question,
bill,.Mcll.ie, Hnuiphrej Maij-liaii. Samuel'S.Maisliall, Mat- j| Mr. LETCHER. I hope the gentleman from
teson, Wiles, Morgui,Morrill. Edward Joy Moms, Isaac N. ]| Georgia will indulge me a single moment, in a
Moms, Treeman II Moise, Oliver A. Morse. Muriay, Oiin, >;
Parker, Pendleton. Pike, Potter, Poltle, Purviance, Eeiliy,   oru orr^pij. „i
Iticaud, Bobbins, Kobetts. Royce, Russell, Searing. Aaron Mr. HOC-^5 iOIN. The gentleman says he is not
Shaw, Robert Smith, William Smith, Stanton, stephens, mistaken. I have not the Journal before me to
William Stewart, Tappan. George Taylor, Thayer. Tomp- !, s|10w which is ri<*ht: but I am eciually confident
kills, Tnppe, Cndenvood, Wade, Walbridge, Waldron, , , • ■ , -- r,,, nn,,lt have been
" . Ward, C'ulwahuler C. Washburn, Israel Wash- . tllal-lie>s mis.aaen. 11^ po .11 uiliu na.e Lit u
rhitt-iey, Wilson, Woodson, Wortendyke, and Zol-|i made, that Uie bill contained all ffppropi lation,
* " and the Chair might have decided that it did no*-
Walton
burn, W
licufler—■ 106.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. NICHOLS stated that his colleague, Mr.
Giddings, was absent temporarily from the Hall,
and had paired off, being m favor of the bill.
Mr. GROW stated that he had paired off with ;;
Mr. Fenton, who was sick.
Mr. LETCHER stated that, in accordance with ;,
tlio purpose he had before announced to the gen-
tieman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Buklingame,] j
he would not attempt to stifle this bill until the '
question of order pending had been decided, he |j
voted "no." ,i
Mr. NICHOLS said he was in favor of killing i;
this "bill in any and every way; $nd therefore j
voted "ay."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, said that, by the J
rules of the House, he was precluded from voting j
on the bill, having an interest in its results; not '
from any act. of his own, but by inheritance.
Mr. PHILLIPS asked leave to withdraw his
vote, bavins a possible interest in the bill.
No objection being made, the vote was with-
drawn.
The question then recurred on the motion to i
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole on
the state- of the Union; the question of order
-•raised by Mr. Letcher remaining undecided.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Is the ques-
tion of order .debatable r
The SPEAKER. It is not; but the Chan-
would be glad to hear the gentleman from Geor-
gia, with the consent of the House.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I do not wish
but that is as far as the decision of the Chair went. ,
If the gentleman undertakes to say that the point
was distinctly made under the 131st rule of the !
House, wljich says that no c/ior/r«,shall be made ,
upon the people without being discussed in com- ^
mtttee, then I say that I am satisfied that he is :
mistaken. I
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Then turn to 1
the record, and ascertain the facts. I tell the gen- :
tieman the point was made, and that the rules
were read, and I made a speech upon the ques-
tion, and disagreed with the Chair.
Mr. B3AKCII. I read the 131st rale. .
Mr. HUGHES obtained the iioor. :
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
Georgia yield to me a moment?
Mr. CL4.Y. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not objected to.
Mr. CLAY. Then 1 ob)eet.
Mr. LETCHER. I wish to correct two or
three points in the remaiks of the gentleman from
Georgia, with reference to the necessity of send-
ing this bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. If it is in
order, I move to refer the bill to the Committee .
of the Whole on the state of the Union. ^ ;
The SPEAKER. Such a motion is pending, j
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I withdraw
the previous question in favor of the gentleman ;
from Virginia. !
Mr. HUGHES. I move that the House do
now adjourn. 1
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CLAY. If the previous question has been .
withdrawn, I withdraw my objection to debate.
M r. LETCHER. Then I only desire to efate
one reason why I think this bill ought to be sent
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union for consideration there. Now, sir, if-is
well known that in the House the rules are much
more restrictive than they are irt the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union 
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky,. Has the
previous question been withdrawn ?
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
moved by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Bdrlingame;] and the Chair does not un-
derstand that it has been withdrawn.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If it has
not been withdrawn, I object to all this debate.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated to the gen-
tleman from Virginia, and to the gentleman from
Georgia, at the outset, that this debate was not
strictly in order; "but that the Chair desired to
hoar the opinions of gentlemen, inasmuch as the
pojnt of order was a difficult one.
Mr. HUGHES. Did not the Chair assign the
floor to me after the gentleman from Georgia?
The SPEAKER. The Chair did recognize the
gentleman from Indiana, but debate was objected
to by the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Clay.]
Mr. HUGHES. If debate is permitted on the
question of order, I desire to occupy a moment.
If it is objected to, the objection that cuts me off
must also cut off others.
Mr. CLAY. I wish it distinctly understood
that my only objection to debate was pending the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the previous
question, which would cut off all debate, was made
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bor-
limgame,] upon the motion to commit the bill,
and is still pending.
Mr. CLAY. Then I renew my objection.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will decide the
question of order. The Chair imagines there is
very great difference, according to his recollection,
between the bill now pending and the one to which
the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Stephens}
has referred. There was, certainly, no portion
of the tax or charge, if it was a chaige upon the
people, which could have been drawn from the
Treasury under the pension bill. The difficulty
in deciding this question grows, in the opinion of
the Chair, out of the proper construction that is
to be placed upon the last two lines of the sev-
enth section of the bill, taken in connection with
a clause in the act of 1853. The words to which
the Chair re fers are these: " And such certificates
of stock"—the $5,000,000 of stock which it is
provided shall be issued—" shall be redeemable
at the Treasury of the United States." Now, if
the Chair could have the benefit of the opinion of
■ the Attorney General as to. what would be the in-
; terpretation of this'law, he would, perhaps, have
less diiBculty in deciding now. The question de-
, pends upon that interpretation. Can the holders
of the stock present their certificates at theTreas-
I ury and draw their money upon those certificates?
The Chair was inclined to the opinion that it would
require further legislation; but the attention of
the Chair has been called to the act of 2853, (tenths
chapter of the Statutes at Large, page 212,) in
which this language is used:
„]7ii he it further enct'lei, That the Secretary of-the
TreafUrv bo, awl lie s> iM„'rcb\. tUitLoriz.vd to purchase, at
tin current n arkn pnee, any o;' the ouistauUmg stocks of
the Unued Stuifs. as he may think mo-t advisable, from
any sin t)lu.-> iami tunn the Tren5«r>provided the balance
] iron! the Treasury shall not, at any tunCj-bo reduced below
' £(5,000,1)01*."
Now, if the Secretary of the Treasury can, by
virtue of this clause, redeem the stocks, unques-
tionably there is that in the bill which makes an
appropriation. In deciding this question, the
Chair had to decide the legal point involved, ac-
cording to his judgment as a lawyer. In the sev-
i enteeiuh line of the ninth page will be found what
I would seem to indicate the understanding ot the
framerof the bill. Hethere speaks of44 the amount
herein appropriated." The Chair supposes that
the bill was framed with a view that it should not
be sent to the Committee of the Whole on the stale
of the Union; but he thinks, a!so, that' in that
pur|>ose it has failed^ and the question being one
of doubt, the Chair is determined in his judgment
by the precedents winch are uuiiorrn, so far as
the Chair has been able to examine them, in send-
