730
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 1,
ing this French spoliation bill to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union for con-
sideration. The Chair decides that the bill must
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair; because, differing from the Chair, I
deem it my duty to do so. Is it not apparent to
all, that to execute this bill, further action of Con-
gress is demanded?
Mr. SICKLES. I move that the appeal be
laid upon the table.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Before the mo-
tion is made to lay upon the table, I would like
to c^ll the attention of the Chair to the language
of the law which he has read, and also to the lan-
guage of the bill.
Mr. SICKLES. Is debate in order? If it is
I want to answer the gentleman.
[Cries of " Object !5' "Object!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. McQ,UEEN demanded tellers on the yeas
and nays.
«Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. McQueen
and Chaffee were apfyptnted.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-six; being more than one fifth of those
present; and the yeas and nays were ordered ac-
cordingly.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 128, nays 59; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adram, Ahl, Anderson, Atkins, Aveiy,
Barksdale, Burr, BilhnghurM, Bishop, Bliss, Boeoek, Bon
bain, Bowie, Boyce, Bianch, Bryan, Nurnett, Burns, Case,
Caskie, Chapman, Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Cockertli,
Colfax, C«x, Jamofi Craig, Buiton Craigc, Crawluul, Cun> ,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dick, Dimmiok, Dowdell,
Edmundson, Elliott,English, Farnsworth, Faulkner, Foley,
Garnett, Gartrell, Gilmer, Goode, Grangei, Greenwood,
Gregg, Groesbock, Lawrence W. Hall, Hmlan, Hoard,
Hodges, Hopkins, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, JVnkiihs,
Jewett, George W. Jones, Owen Jone*, Kellogg, KeKey,
Kilgore, Jacob M. Kunkel, John C. Kunkel, Lawrence,
Leach, Leidy, Letter, Lo^chei, Lovcjoy, MeKibinn, Mc-
Queen, iMcRae, Humphrey Marshall, SS.imuej S. Maishall,
Mason, Maynard, Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Moore,
Morrill, Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Nichol>, Olin, Palmci,
Pendleton, Peyton, William W. Phelps, roller, Pottle,
Powell, Ready, Reagan, Reilly, Kufhn, Russell, Savage,
Scales, Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw, llenry M. Shaw,
Shorter, Sickles, Singleton, Robert SmiLli, Samuel A.
Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, Ste-
venson, James A. Stewart, Milea Taylor, Vallandigham,
Vance, Waldron, Cadvvaludei C. Washburn, Walking
Whireley, Winslow, Woodson, Woriendyke, and John V.
Wright—128.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bennett, Bingham,
Brayton, Butluiton, Burlingamc, Chattec, Essia Clark. John
B, Clark, Clawson,Clav, John Cochiane, t'omins. Covode,
Cragtn, Davis of Minylamt, Davis of Massachusetts. Dawes,
Oean, Dodd, Durfrt;, Florence, Foster, Gilnian, Gooeh,
Robert B. Hall, Harris, Hickman, Hill. Tlmton, Hovvaid,
Keim, Knapp, Maclay, Mattcsou, Moigan, Edward Joy
Morris, Freeman H Morse, Muirnv, J'aiker, 1'ike, lMuvi-
ance, Ricaud, Robhins, Roberts, Royce, Tappan, Tha\oi,
Tompkins, Trippe, Underwood, Wade, Walln idge, Walton,
Elhhu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, and Zol-
licofier—59.
So the appeal was laid upon the table.
• During the rail of the roll,
Mr. EUSTIS stated that he would decline vot-
ing, because he was personally interested in the
bill.
Mr. HUGHES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the appeal was laid upon the table; and
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FAULKNER. I now call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose the bill goes to
the Committee'of the Whole on the state of the
Union as a matter of course?
The SPEA KER. The Chair will put that ques-
tion to the House. Shall the bill be icferrcd to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
_ Mr. FLORENCE. If that question is nega-
tived, what becomes of the bill?
The SPEAKER. It will go to the Speaker's
table.
' Mr* FLORENCE. And can it be taken up at
any time when -we go to the business upon the
Speaker *s table ?
The SPEAKER. If it is reached, it will be
considered; but it must have its first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. Th.en we must bring it up
in the committee by postponing, one after the
other, the bills which may stand before it upon
the Calendar? *
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill will be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ferred Accordingly.
Mr. HUGHES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr, FAULKNER. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Reports are nov^ in order
from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
RICHARD CHENERY.
Mr. LEITER, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Richard
Chenery; which was read a first and second time,
referred to- the Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed. '
W. W. BENT.
Mr. LEITER, fiom the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of W. W. I>ent; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee of the Whole House, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN NEW MEXICO.
Mr. LEITER, from the same committee, moved
that that committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of House bill No. 175, provid-
ing for the examination of claims for Indian dep-
icdations in the Territory of New Mexico, and
that the bill be laid upon the table; which motion
was agreed to.
NEW YORK INDIANS.
Mr. RUSSELL, from the Committee on Indian
Affairs, reported back Senate bill (No. 389) pro-
viding foi the allotment of lands to certain New
York Indians, and for other purposes, with an
amendment.
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask that this
bill be now put upon its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the rules be suspended, and that the House re-
solve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. RUSSELL. IIow can the gentleman take
the floor from me to make that motion?
The SPEAKER. It cannot be done.
Mr. RUSSELL. 1 have not yielded the floor.
The Committee on Indian Affairs have received
communications from the Secretary of the Inte-
l ior, and the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, call-
j mg our attention to this matter, and praying us
| to take some action on the subject; for, if not,
i the whole reserve will be thrown open for settle-
ment in the spring, thereby involving the rights
of the Indians, under treaty stipulations, on said
reserve. We have drawn up and considered this
bill with great care, and the committee unani-
mously recommend its passage, I will state fur-
ther that it has been submitted to the Secretary
of fhe Interior and to the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and has their approval. It is highly
important that it should be passed at this time.
The amendment reported by the committee
was read as follows:
Stnke out all m Senate bill after line six, and insert the
following:
Who removed under the provisions of the treaties here-
inaftei refened to, and to their children, in the tract ofl.ind
set apart lor the use of the New Yotk Indians by treaty
ot J.vnuaiv 15, 1S3S, made and concluded at Buffalo Cieek,
in the State of Now York, and the treaty made at the same
place, on the 2(Jth day of Wav, 1842. said lands to be se-
lected Within said leserve in Kansas Terntory, in conform-
ity to the legal subdivisions of the public suiveys, and so as
to include the improvements (if any there be) of each In-
dian, and patents for the same fhall" be issued to each indi-
vidual Indian adult, or to heads of families loi themselves
and then minor cluldien, they to locate their lands within
the space of one year fiom the passage of this act; and when
the locations shall have been thus made and allotted, and
after the expiration of said year, the remainder of the re-
seive shall be consideied a pait of the public lands, and shall
be subject to settlement, pieemption, and entiy, as other
lands belonging to the United States ; but no settlements,
otbti than by the Indians above referred to, f-hall bp made
on said reseive for the space of one year from and after the
passage of this act. All settlements heretofoie made on
said reserve shall be recognized fjom the date of f-uch set-
tlement, and be entitled to preemption, the same as if the
said lands had been Government lands and subject to set-
tlement: Provided, That the Indians named shall liave pre-
cedence over any other settler, where the same may come
in conflict.
Sec 2 After paying all the moneys necessary for carry-
ins out the provisions of this act, the remainder of all
moneys accruing from the sales by preemption, private en-
try, oi otherwise, of any lands, within the tract or reserve
above namSd, shall be paid into the Treasury of the United
Slates, and kept as a separate and distinct fund; and held
subject to any futuie action of Congress m relation to said
New Yoik Indians, or to the provisions of any treaty made,
or hereafter to be made, with said Indians, or any of them,
in reference thereto.
Sec. 3. The district courts of the United States for the
Territones of Kansas and Nebiaska shall severally, here-
after, for the purposes of enforcing the act of June 30,1834,
have the same jurisdiction as was conferred by the twenty-
fourth section of the intercourse act upon the United States
courts for the State of Missouri, and that so much of the
twenty-fourth section of the act of June 30,1834, known as
the intercourse act, as conflicts with this act be, and the
same is hereby, repealed.
Mr. LETCHER. Will the gentleman from
New York inform the House why it is that the
lands are not to be exposed for public sale before
they arc opened for preemption ? Some of these
lands may be very valuable, and they ought to
be sold for the benefit of the Indians.
Mr. RUSSELL. Under the treaties with the
New York Indians, this tract of land was reserved
for their use. This bill proposes to let each In-
dian who removed to Kansas, under the provis-
ions of the treaties, select three hundred and
twenty acres of land in the reservation, any time
within twelve mouths fiom the date of its pas-
sage. The balance of the reservation is to be thrown
open to settlement, and the funds arising from it
are to be paid into the Treasury, and kept as a
distinct fund for the benefit of the New York
Indians.
Mr. LETCHER. The gentleman does not
touch the point. What I want to know, is, why,
if these lands arc valuable, and will bring more
than the ordinary price of Government lands,
they aie not first offered at publicsale, so that the
Indians may have the full benefit of them?
Mr. RUSSELL. I' will say this in reply to the
gentleman from Virginia. There was an impres-
sionamong the people of Kansas, that the Indians
had not complied with the requirements of th«
treaties—not removing into the reservation within
the five years stipulated; and that, therefore, these
lands were open to settlement. Under that im-
pression, settlements were made and improve-
ments carried on, mills built, &c.;and all that we
propose to do is simpiy to protect the rights of the
Indians in the second section of this bill, and at
the same tinje protect the rights of the settlers to
preempt their claims, taking it for granted they
entered upon the reserve in good faith and with
good intentions.
Mr. LETCHER. This bill has no reference
whatever to the treaty made with the Tonawanda
Indians, now pending before the Senate?
Mr. RUSSELL. Most certainly it has.
Mr. LETCHER. Well, if that treaty be not
ratified by the Senate, what then ?
Mr. RUSSELL. The bill provides for all
treaties made, or hereafter to be made.
Mr-r LETCHER. I do not know the prccise
form of the proposed amendment; but I want to
have the bill so amended as that these lands shall
be open for public sale before they are opened to
preemption. That will do the Government no
harm, but may be of great utility to the Indians,,
and do them justice.
Mr. RUSSELL. I move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Will the gentle-
man withdraw the call for the previous question
to allow me to make an inquiry?
Mr. RUSSELL. I withdraw it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. These lands in
the Territory of Kansas were set apart for the
benefit of the New York Indians^by virtue of a
treaty made with them in 1838.
Mr. RUSSELL. Two several treaties.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I know that dif-
ficulties have arisen in the Territory of Kansas
with regard to the rights of these Indians and of
the settlers on that reservation. By the terms of
the treaty of 1838, these Indians had five yeais
in which they might migrate to that land and ob-
tain the benefits secured to them under the treaty.
If I mistake not, there was a treaty stipulation
that, in the event they did not migrate within
the spa^e of live years, they should forfeit the
