1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
731
title to their lands. I think the white settlers had
the right to go on tlicm and occupy them under
the laws regulating the sale of the public lands. I
am informed that there is now a treaty pending in
the Senate of the United States which proposes to
make to the New York Indians an adequate com-
pensation m consideration of their relinquishing
all claims to these lands.
Mr. LEITER. I will say to the gentleman
that I think he is mistaken; the treaty to which
he refers only provides for the Tonawanda In-
dians.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Then I have
been misinformed. I understood that the treaty
provided for all the New Yoik Indians.
Mr. RUSSELL. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the demand for the previous
question, for a moment, and I will renew it.
Mr. RUSSELL. I will withdraw it, to hear
what the gentleman says, still retaining the floor.
Mr CRAIG, of Missouii. As was stated by
my colleague, [Mr. Phelps,] this leservation has
been held by all the public land officers that 1
know, and certainly it has been understood, m
the portion of the West where 1 live, to be open
for settlement. This opinion held by land offi-
cers, who are supposed to know all about these
Indian treaties, has induced many white settlers
to go upon the land in good faith, and they are
now living there. >
This bill proposes to allow all the Indians who
emigrated under the provisions of the treaty, now
some twenty years ago, to have their full share
of thiee hundred and twenty acres each. That
is all right. But the bill also provides that no-
body else shall settle there for twelve months after
the passage of this act, and not until the Indians
shall have made their selections and their selec-
tions have been confirmed; and that then the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the other lands shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States for the ben-
efit of those Indians.
I do not believe that the Committee on Indian
Affairs fully understood this matter, although I
know that they have had it for some time befoic
them. I believe that they can be made to under-
stand it, and to bring in a different bill. I ask the
gentleman from New ^ ork to allow this bill to go
to a select committee, if the Committee on Indian
Affairs ar$ tired of it, and allow them to bring in
a bill which shall be more just to the settlers on
these lands.
Mr. RUSSELL. The gentleman is entirely
mistaken m his assumption that all the public land
officers have held that the said leserve was open
to settlement. The contrary is the case in all that
has emanated from the Department of the Secre-
tary of the Interior. This right has been ignored;
and the right of the Indians to those lands has m
no way been weakened by any act of the Secretary
of the Interior. He so told me at his office on two
several occasions. The gentleman says he does
not believe the committee fully understand this
matter. I must say I conceive he is laboring un-
der a delusion. It is him, and not the committee
that aie at fault on this subject. I now move the
previous question.
Mr. LEITER. I hope my colleague on the
committee will not renew the demand for the pi e-
vious question now. The gentleman fiom Mis-
souri says we do not understand the subject. Now
I want an opportunity to show that we do under-
stand it.
Mr. BURNETT. I object to the floor being
yielded to any gentleman whatever.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mb. CRAIG, of Missouri, moved to lay the bill
on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I call for the yeas
and nays upon concurring in tne amendment.
Mr. MONTGOMERY*". I desire to make a
statement m relation to this bill. It came origin-
ally fiom the Committee on Public. Lands, who
reported a very different bill from that which the
Committee on Indian Allans now recommend.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. In order
that we may have an opportunity to look into this
matter a little, I move that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to—ayes GS, noes 7G.
Mi. STANTON. With a view ot having an
evening session for debate, I move that the lules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. RUSSELL. Not while this question is
undisposed of.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would say to the
gentleman from Ohio that the previous question
is operating. The main question has been or-
dered to be put. ills motion is not, therefore, in
order.
Mr. COBB. I desire to make a motion, if it is
in order.
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
Mr. LEITER. If the House ad journs now will
not this question be the first thing in order to-
morrow ?
Mi. IIUSSELL. We may as well dispose of ]
it now. !
Mr. STANTON. I understand there is a special
reason why an evening session is not desned, and
therefore 1 move that the House do now adjourn.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the War
Department, transmitting an annual statement of
the number of clerks employed in that Depart-
ment; which was laid upon the table, and ordered
to be punted.
Also, a communication from the Postmaster
General, transmitting a statement of the number
of clerks and others employed in his Department
for the year ending the 30th of December, 1858;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to be
pnnted.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
War transmitting a statement of the expenditures
made fiom the appropriation for the contingent
j expenses of the Army; wfcich was hud on the
table, and oidered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Secietary of
' State, requesting an appropriation to enable him
to pay for live hundred copies of (he Diplomatic
Correspondence of the Revolution ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be punted.
Also, a communication from the Secretary of
! the Interior tn reply to a resolution of the House
j of the 8th instant, relative to the military res-
! ervation at Rock Island; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
Also, a communication from the Territorial
Legislature of Kansas, asking an extension of
the session of the Legislature from forty to sixty
days; which was icfoircd to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
Mi. JONES, of Tennessee, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the communication in ref-
erence to the military leservation at Rock Island
was laid upon the table and ordered to be printed;
and also moved that the motiun to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question was then t-ikeii on Mr. Stanton's
motion; and it was agreed to.
And thereupon (at three o'clock and forty min-
utes, p. m.) the House adjourned until to-monow
at eleven o'clock, a. m.
| other land adjoining said lot; and it was signpd
j by the President pro tempore.
j HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
l The bill (No. 72) to secure homesteads to act-
j ual settlers on the public domain, was read twice
by its title; and, on motion of Mr. Johnson, of
Tennessee, it was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
ORDER. OF BUSINESS.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the bill
(S. No. 485) to increase the pay of officers of the
Navy.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator permit me to
intioduce n hill for reference?
* Mr. MALLORY. I understand, under the
: ruling of the Chair yesterday, that petitions and
■ leports are to be received and have priority over
the motion I have made. I am not disposed to
, protiact the time for the consideration of the bill *
■ by waiving, any further than the rule requires,
l'^ave the floor to the honuiable Senator from
, Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] ycsteiday, and lost the op-
1 portumty'of calling up my bill in the morning
' hour. I desire my motion to be put, if it is in
: order.
, Mr. KING. I should like to present a peti-
i tion, if the Senator will allow me.
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
' Senator from Florida insist on his motion being
, put ?
Mr. MALLORY. I desire the motion to be
We can iret through this bill in a few mo-
I suppose petitions are first in
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, Fefouary "•}, 18o9.
Prayer by Rev. Samuel Uoc.krs.
The Journal of yeatei day was i ead and approved.
| MESSAGE FROM THE HUUSE.
I A message from the House of Representatives,
[ by Mr. Ai.lln, its Cleik, announced that the
1 House had passed the jmnt lesolution of the Sen-
; ate (No. G5) authorizing the Se<ietaty of the
Treasury to convey a portion of the Government
: lot on which the United States coui t-hou^e stands,
| m Rutland, Vermont, in exchange for other land
, adjoining said lot.
! ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
j A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
I reiseiuulivcH, by Mr. Ai.lrn. its Cleik, announced
' that the .Speaker had signed an enrolled joint res-
olution (S. No. G5) authorizing the Secretary of
| the Treasury to convey u portion of the Govem-
' mentlot on which the United Slates court-house
1 stands, in Rutland, Vermont, in exchange for
put.
mcnts.
Mr. KING.
; Older.
j The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Petitions are
1 first in order, and then reports, unless the Senate
! otherwise direct.
i Mr. SEWARD. I wish to present the memo-
! rial of- 
| The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
i will inform the Senatoi from New York that the
I Senator from Florida movSs to postpone all pre-
| vious orders, and proceed to the consideration of
| the bill indicated by him.
| Mr. WADE. To postpone all prior orders
would interfeie with the unfinished business of
' yesteiday, and substitute this bill in place of the
; one then under consideration. I wish to inquire
| whether that would be the effect of the motion of
! the .Senator from Florida?
1 The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That would
] be the effect, if the motion be adopted. It would
i postpone the special order,which is the unfinished
j business of yesterday.
i Mr. REll). I should like to know whether the
I right to present petitions and reports is not a
I standing rule of the Senate, and not a mere order?
| If that be so, the Senate cannot change the rule
| without unanimous consent.
j Mr. KING. I trust the Senator from Florida
| will allow petitions to be presented, and let this
! question come up afterwards.
! Mr. MALLORY. 1 presume they will occupy
i but a few moments, and I waive my motion for
; that purpose.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of citizens of
New York, praying that an appropriation may
be made for the construction of earth-work re-
doubts for the defense of that city and vicinity;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The PRESIDENT pro tcmpoie laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information illative to contracts
for live-oak timber, made since March 4, 1857;
which, on motion of Mr. Seward, was ordered
to lie on the table, and be pnnted.
Mr. WRIGHT presented a memorial of Mora
Brothers, Navarro & Co., who are about to es-
tablish a line of steamers between New York and
Havana, proposing to contract with the Gov-
ernment for the transportation of the mails be-
tween those places; winch was referred to the
Committee on the Post Otlioe and Post Itoads.
Mr. SEWARD presented a memorial of citi-
zens of New York and Brooklm, praying that
an appropriation be made for the construcuon^of
earth-work redoubts, for the defense of those cities
and their vicinity; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Afiaira and the Militia.
