732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
He also presented a memorial of citizens of New
York, praying* that an appropriation be made for
the ooDstniction of earth-work redoubts, for the
defense of that city and its vicinity; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Wisconsin, in relation to
the route of the railroad from Fond du Lac to
Lake Superior*, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr.BAYARD presented a memorial ofcitizens
of Wilmington, Delaware, praying that the pay
of officers of the Navy may be increased; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KENNEDY" presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Baltimore, praying that the pay of officers*
of the Navy may be increased; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HOUSTON. In pursuance of noticegiven
some days since, I desire to introduce a bill; and,
previous to sending it to the desk, 1 will offer
some reasons in explanation why it is done.
Mr. MALLORY. With due deference to my
friend fiom Texas, I must appeal to Kim to per-
mit me to take up the bill which I made a motion
for a moment ago. 1 yielded for the purpose of
receiving petitions, but I hope that that motion
will now be put. I do not like to prevent my friend
from Texas from saying anything at this time,
but I am satisfied we can get through the bill in
regard to the pay of officers of the Navy in the
morning hour, if we take it up now. If we do not
act on n at this time, I am afraid it will be lost.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very important; and I
will cooperate with the gentleman most cheer-
fully in advancing the objects of his bill at the
proper opportunity; but i thmk it of great im-
portance that I should occupy the floor this morn-
ing. 1 will occupy as little time as I can.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 ask the Chair to put the
motion I have made. I am very sorry to inter-
fere with my friend from Texas; but he must be
aware thai i had the floor for this purpose, and
yielded it only to allow the introduction of peti-
tions.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was not aware of it.
Mr. MALLORY. I did so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair so
undeisiood.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then I will not interfere
with the Senator.
Mr. REID. The Committee on Patents and
the Patent Otfice, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 532) for the relief of the widow of Charles
Pearson, have directed me to report it, with
amendments, and recommend its passage. It is
a veiy clear question, and 1 tru-u the Senate will
pans the bill. It i« merely to refund some money
paui into the Treasury by an insane man, who
madp application for a patent I tnmt the amend-
ment Will be adapted, and the bill suffered to
pays
Mr. MALLORY. I must object to the con-
sideration of that hill.
Mr. 11 ALE. i hope the objection will be with-
drawn. It isS simply to return $>150 to the widow
of an insane and jmor limn, who paid some money
into the Patent Office. The Commissioner wants
lo repay it, but he is not authorized by law to
do it.
Mr. MALLORY. If it does not take time, I
Wol not obji'et to it.
Mr. JIALE. It will pass m a moment.
Mi. MALLORY. Is it consented that it shall
be laid aside, if it leads to debate?
Mr. HALL. Ortamly.
There being- no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of'tho Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 532) fur the relief of the widow
of Charles Pearson.
It directs that there be paid to the widow of
Charles Pearson, late of Cot.cord, New Hamp-
shire, the nun of §1 ">0, that being* the amount of
mo«ney pyid into the Treasui y of the United States
by him while laboring under a state of insanity.
The committee icported the bill with amend-
ments. In hue four, to stuke out the word
J* widow,"and insert" legal representative;"and
in hoe six, strike out" $151)" and insert " §140."
The amendments were agreed to; and the bill
was reported to the Senate as amended. The
amendments were concurred in, and the bill was
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed. The title
was amended so as to lead: " A bill for the relief
of the legal representative of Chailes Pearson,
deceased."
Mr. MALLORY. I now ask the Senate to
take up the bill (S. No. 485) to increase the pay
of officers of the Navy.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope I shall be allowed to
make two reports upon matters which ought to
be acted upon. It will not take ten minutes to
dispose of them, and they should be acted upon.
One is a bill which will not take five minutes to
act upon, and I am sure there will be no objection
to the other report.^ It concludes with a resolu-
tion, which I think will pass as a matter of course.
Mr. MALLORY. 1 will say ro my friend from
Delaware that I have leports to moke from my
own committee, but I abstain from making them
for the purpose of givimr priority to a bill of such
pressing necessity as this. I trust he will excuse
me for pressing it, but I believe we can pass the
bill m the morning hour if we can get at it.
Mr. BAYARD. I have certainly no desire to
oppose the bill; but these are matters which I
think would pass, of course, merely on reading
them, and they ought to be disposed of. I am
instructed by the Committee on the Judiciary to
make these teports, and the# will not take fen
minutes of the time of the Senate. If there is the
slightest objection to either of them, it Mmll' go
over without any hesitation. They are very short,
and I hope the Senator will allow me to have
action on them.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator fiom Florida insist on ins motion being put
to the Senate?
Mr. MALLORY. I feel myself constrained to
do so.
Mr. WADE. I have no opposition to make
to the motion of the Senator from Flonda, pro-
vided he will consent to lay aside this hill at the
expiration of the morning hour; but if it is to
supersede the unfinished business of yesterday, I
shall feel it to be my duty to interpose an objec-
tion, and ask fora vote upon it. I am exceedingly
anxious to get along with the bill which we had
under consideration yesteiday. 1 believe the Sen-
ate have debated it about as much as they intend
to do, and that it will not take long to finish the
bill. If the motion of the Senator from Florida
does not prevail, 1 shall move to proceed to the
consideration of the unfinished business of yes-
teiday, and dispose of that as soon as possible.
Mr. MALLORY.. Mymotion has priority.
Mr. WADE. I know thatit has pnonty;but
I make my motion, and shall press it, unless you
will agree to yield your bill when the morning
hour expires.
Mr. MALLORY. I, of course, dislike to as-
sume an attitude against the Senator from Ohio;
but 1 am unwilling to agree to lay the bill aside
at the expiration of the morning hour. I am per-
fectly willing, however, that lie shall make that
motion at the expiration of the morning hour,
and if the Senate chooses to proceed to the con-
sideration of his bill, very well; or if there be a
general understanding that tin1 bill to which 1 have
called attention shallcomeupin themorninghour
to-morrow, and be acted upon, I shall yield; but
I presume there will be no such understanding,
and I cannot, therefore, yield to the request of the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. BAYARD. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Florida that to-morrow morning I
shall report on a question of privilege connected
with the memorial of the State of Indiana. That
will be entitled to precedence; and, therefore, I
say to him very frankly,-I shall have to oppose
such understanding as he proposes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to present a me-
morial from the Legislature of Illinois, in relation
to the construction of public buildings at Spring-
field , in that State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Florida yield for that purpose ?
Air. MALLORY. If it does not lead to de-
bate.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Illinois, in favor of the immediate
construction of a building for the accommodation
of the Unned States courts, and the pension, land,
and post office, at Springfield, in that State; which
was ordered to he on the table, and be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In connection with that,
I offer the following: resolution; and ask for its
immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury lie directed
to inform the Senate what pi ogress, if auv, lias b^en made
in the construction ot'a buildmsr at Spmigfield, Illinois, tor
the accommodation of the United Sutes cuuits and post
office, under f tie ar>t of August 18,18.iS3 ; and, if no piogress
ha*< been made m the con&tiuctionof such building, the rea-
sons theiefor.
The resolution was considered, and agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN presented three memorials of
inhabitants of Howard and Winnesheik counties,
Iowa, praying the establishment of a mail route
from Burr Oak to Lime Springs, m that State*,
which were referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. MALLORY. I must insist on my motion.
I have deprived the Senator from Delaware of the
opportunity of presenting his bill, a matter of
great importance, and I cannot waive any further.
My motion is to take up the bill (S. No. 485) to
increase the pay of the officers of the Navy.
Mr. HALE. I shall be very sorry to have to
say a word that will oppose the wishes of the
chairman of the Naval Committee on this bill; but
I simply wish to suggest that I think the Senate
ought first to proceed to the consideration of the
bill introduced by the Senator from Virginia, [Mr.
Hunter,] increasing postages; for while—and I
want the chairman to understand me—I desire to
vote for an increase of the pay of some officers m
the Navy, I do not know how I can go home and
look my constituents in the face and tell them I
have been voting an increased pay to officers of
theNavy,when I lookupon two thirdsoftheNavy
as entnely unnecessary, and the other third al-
most so; or how I can justify myself to them for
voting an increase of the pay of those officers, and
at the same time tax the poorest classes of tlie
community by an addition to the postage upon
letters.
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a question of order.
Debate on the increase of the pay of the Navy, or
on an increase of postage, is not precisely in order
before the hill is taken up.
Mr. HALE. I was not discussing them.' I
was discusvSing the propriety of taking up the
postage bill first. I am not saying a word about
the merits of the question. I think the postage
bill ought to be taken itp first; because, if we
have got to saddle increased burdens upon the
people, I think we should not, at the same time,
increase the salaries of officers. The pay of some
of these officers, I think, might well enough be
raised; but I am disposed first to settle whether
we are to tax the poorest class of people to in-
crease the income of those who do not need it
quite so much.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think we had better look to
the question of the difference between expendi-
tures and income, before we commence the busi-
ness of increasing the pay of a very large class of
people in the public service. The great difficulty
seems to me to be the very inconvenient differ-
ence between receipts and expenditures already;
and I suppose the first duty of Congress ought to
be to adjust that difficulty in some way, before
they commence increasing expenses unneces-
sarily, as it is proposed to do, m this branch of
the public service.
Mr. HUNTER. If the motion of the gentle-
man fiom Florida be adopted, the effect will be to
exclude all other business after one o'clock, and
there will be no chance to get up the Indian ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say to my friend from
Virginia, that when one o'clock arrives he can
make his motion to take up any bill he pleases;
and if the Senate choose, they may take up that
bill. But when it is remarked here that we should
not increase expenses unnecessarily, I say to you,
sir, arid the Senate, that if we design to keep up
a Navy, justice to ourselves, and justice to the
Navy, would require that wc should keep them
above the point of starvation, at least. They are
rapidly arriving at that point now; and I do not
know any bill which appeals to the justice of the
country more urgently than the one I now ask
the Senate to take up.
Mr. HUNTER. If I wait until one o'clock,
the result will be, that I shall have against my
motion both the friends of the measure of the
Senator from Ohio, and the friends of the meas-
ure of the Senator from Florida. I would rather
encounter one at a time; and I call for the yeas
