110
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
35th Cong..-2d Sess.
Admission of Oregon—Mr. Lane.
Ho. of Reps.
groes in that city owned $4,000,000 worth of prop-
erty. What were the rights of these men prior to
that decision?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Prior to that decision,
a case cannot be found in the books where a free
negro has been ever deprived of the right to sue
in the Fedeial courts. Not a case. And this is
the first instance of the enactment of that Dred
Scott decision m a State constitution. By it, a
free negro cannot make a baigain for a loaf of
bread in the State of Oregon. There is not a slave
Siate in this Union where a colored man cannot
bring suit in its courts. By the act of the last
session, known as the English bill, it is provided
that if the people of Kansas shall refuse to adopt
the Lecompton constitution, they were—
"Authorized ami empowered to form foi themselves a
constitution and Slate government, t>v the name of tin:
State of Kan«a«« according to the Fodetal Constitution; and
may elect delegates for that put pose whenever, avd not be-
fore, it w asceitained by a cen-iis duly and lejjallv taken
Chat the population of said Tetritorv equal* or cvecd* the
ratio of iepie*cnt<itiois reqnued for a member of the Hou<u
of Representatives of the Congress of the United States/'
Now, we have no evidence here that is reliable
that the population of Oregon is equal to that te-
quired for a member of Congress of the United
States. I know that the gentleman from Oregon
gives certain data, some conjectures, that convince
him, and may probably convince others, that
there is a population m Oregon sufficient to enti-
tle them to a Representative. But in the Kansas
bill it is not left to conjecture. There must be a
certainty, by "a census regulaily und legally ta-
ken," that they have such a population. So lonq
cis that provision remains on tin; statute-book in
the ease of Kansas, I insist, as a matter of equal
and exact justice, that it shall be applied to ail
the ot her Territories. i care not whether tlnu I
Territory be North 01 South, 1 wi!! not single |
out, nor by my vote permit to be singled out, one j
Temtory, and apply to it a principle in icgard to I
Us admission whieh 1 refuse to apply to anothet i
I do not want to lie undo stood as stating t hat m i
all cases 1 would require as a Mile that each Ter- ;
niory coming m as a State should have ninety- i
three thousand inhabitants; but I do mean to say
thai i will adopt that as a rule, so lon^ as this -
ju ineiple lemams in thecuse of Kansasunrepealed
on (lie siatute-book . !
All. LANK. The test applied fo Kansas, in ,
submitting (he constitution hack to the people, 1
has been .submitted to the people of Oiegon, and •
the people decided in favor of their constitution >
in a peaceable, orderly, and quiet manner. 1
Mr. KAUNSWORTIi. That is not the ob~ ■
jet-Holt that 1 make. 1 do not deny that Oregon '
has framed a constitution, and that that constitu-
tion has been submitted to, and adopted by, the ;
people. The point I make is, that I will not dis-
criminate m tuv or of Oregon and against Kansas; .
but vviil apply the same principle to Oregon us
was applied to Kansas, last wintei, by the Kng- 1
hsh lull. • i
1 do not ray that 1 would vote against llie ad-
mission of Oregon for (he reason ot' the patmity ,
of its population, m ease this provision of the ,
Kansas bill were lepealed. 1 do not think i would ,
>Ualte that an objection to the admission of a new
♦State in oa .e the same iule be applied to the othet
he\,v Slates. , For these reasons, Air. Cli.uinmn, ;
I .shall \oic again.->t the admission of the State of |
Oie^n, under this lull, with this constitution.
A !>MISSION OF OJiMJON. !
SPEECH OF HON. JOSEPH LANE, |
OF orih;O.\. ;
In- 1 nr, Ho  " oi 1'j esu-^rvTA'iiN r.s,
February ](!, % j
Tup. lieiiiiT Ui tile ('onimittci' <U liie Whole on the
ttau ot 11) • ' UK ii—
Mr. LANK .said: ;
Mr. Ciniu.MAx: i see no good reason or good
sense in saying that Ch'egon sh •M be subjected to
the tests that wete app(ie-! fo Kansas, foi --be had
made h< J constitution prim to that of Kansas, and
long beiorj this LiW of Congiess was enacted.
They had done if legally; they had dune it quietly;
tney had done K m ail orderly manner: and Oregon :
is now here asking admission into the Union. \
After the restriction was put upon Kansas, the ;
gentjeman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] must
remember that Senators of the same political faith
as himself voted for the passage of this bill, and it
passed the Senate by more than a two-thirchfvote.
Many of the Republicans of the Senate gave it
their support, notwithstanding the rule that had
just before been applied to Kansas. They were
willing to treat Oregon upon her own merits.
Let me say further, to the gentleman from Illi-
nois, that there is no paucity of population there.
I am as well satisfied, as I am that I am living at
this moment, that there are ninety-three thousand
people there, or more than that. I can satisfy the
gentleman, if he will look at the facts and figures,
that we have a larger population than even that.
While I am upon the floor, 1 will say a word
to my ftiend from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,]
who to-day adopted, as a portion of his speech,
some remarks made two years ago by the gentle-
man from South Carolina, [Air. Boyce,] m which
he quoted from Bishop Scott. Now, sir, Bishop
Scott left Oregon in 18.55 or 185G, the year or the
year after the census was taken, lie came to the
Atlantic States not long after I came to attend the
Thirty-Foui th Congress. It was weil known to
Bishop Scott that when the census was taken it
did not do justice to the population. He was well
aware that, instead of theie being but forty-three
thousand four hundred people, as lotuined, there
were fifty thousand. Me went to New York to ob-
tain aid, which he got; and, I will say for Bishop
Scott, that I think there is no better man on the
face of the earth than he is. 1 le went to New Yoi k
to represent to its people the condition of that far-
olf portion of our counti y. 1 le said that Otegou
was a i^reat country; he pointed out its advant-
ages, its resouices, its agricultural capacity, and
its healthfulness; and then he said that he was
there to ask aid foi the construction of churches
in that distant Territory, with its fifty thousand
inhabitants—putting it a little ovei what the ic-
tums of the census of that year showed it to be.
Now, one word more to my friend on the sub-
ject of population. In I Km, when the assessor
came louiul, whoso duty it was to enumerate
the people and take the census, 1 was living* in
Douglas county. lie took a list of my property
and of the number of my family. We had at that
time, in that county, but a few bundled famil'ies
Theie were no nulU at winch to gund oui com
neai us. We wete, lit fact, lumg outside of the
settlements \Vell,-?ii, f left Oregon tn the fall
alter the census was taken, and when [ returned
m 1 d.")7—foi 1 remained here during the whole
Cong)ess, as has been niv custom—l found that
■'i county seat had been located in that county.
W hen I left we had no town worthy of the name
in that county , but when I i etui nod the county
sent had been located, there was a population of
m ar n thousand persons, containing several stores
and two good flouring mills in sighr of my house,
and neaily every <ultivable quarter section ot'
land 111 that county had been taken up, and now it
casts ay many vote.; as it had people when l left.
Ho, loo, in other portion*, of Oregon. I had the
pleasme of leading a letter, but a day or two
since, from Colonel Mansfield, of the Army, a
native of Connecticut, but who has been long in
th<^ Army. Ue was on atom i)f inspection tluough
Oregon just before the c< nsus of 1S55 was taken;
and he was on n similar tour last summer. Ut'
wrote a letter from San Finm-isco to an acquaint-
ance of mine, in which he said that he found that
the countt y had settled up rapidly; that the fairns
were beautiful, the fruit luaguifaent, to use his
own language, and that the city ot Portland had
meieafiid mole than fourfold. Now, with my
knowledge of the country, and m view of proof
of tins description, how can any man doubt oui
population' Theie can bi^no douut that, if you
will allow us to count the Chinese at work m
Oie^on, we have o\cr one hundred thous mil
people, and o\er muoi y thousand white people.
I will say to my fnend from Tennessee, tlnu, in
thntecn thousand claims had b^t-n takt n
under the donation law; and the people taking
those claims ha\e lived upon them four yeais—
the time requited by law to perfect their titles.
Nine out of ten of the men living on these farms
are niamed men, having families
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would ask the gen-
tleman if women were not allowed to take the
claims he speaks of?
Mr. LANE. I will explain that to the gentle-
man. In 1850, Congiess passed a law donating
lands to all persons living in Oregon, or who
should emigrate there previous to 1853. After-
wards Congiess extended the benefits of that law
to all persons svho would go there and take claims
prior to December, 1853, on condition of four
years'occupation and cultivation. A married
man was entitled to six hundred and forty acres,
one half to himself and one half to his wife; an
unmarried man to three hundred and twenty
a°Mr* FAIINSWORTH. Could not married
women take the benefits of that act ?
Mr. LANE. Married women could not take
claims, yet under the donation law we have over
thirteen thousand claimants who are entitled to
their patents. It is safe to say, since that census
was taken, that our natural increase has been
very nearly thirty thousand. Portland, Oiegon
City, Salem, Scottsburg, Roseburg, the Dalles,
and other towns, have a population of many thou-
sands.
Mr. MAYNARD. If there is anybody that
would disarm opposition, the gentleman is cer-
tainly that man. I understand him, by the course
of his argument, to concede the proposition I ad-
vanced to-day, that before the Territory is ad-
mitted as a State, it should be made to appear
she has a population equal to the ratio of repre-
sentation m this House.
Mr. LANE. I can say, in relation to that
matter, as Air. Seward said in the Senate, that it
was fair to suppose that Oregon had eighty thou-
sand population; and that it approximated so
closely to the ratio it should be held sufficient. I
know that we have that population, and more. I
am as well satisfied of it asl can be of anything.
Do not raise the question of population, then.
Theie is no good reason for doing so. There arc
thirteen thousand fauns, and five persons to each
Would make sixty-five thousand; twenty thou-
sand for natural increase would be fifteen or
twenty thousand; and the population of the cities
and towns, who do not !i\e upon fairns, would
make one huiid:ed and fifteen thousand. I will
say to my fntnd from Tennessee, that we have
no land in market; and none can own land there
unless it is those who have taken it under the
provisions of the donation law; and they, until
recently, have received no patent for their lands.
No real estate, up to this time, has been assessed.
The assessment spoken of to-day o#$2:2,000,000
was upon personal property alone. Patents for
real estate are going out. Next year the assess-
ment will be much more, for real estate will be
assessed. With all these facts before them, how
can gentlemen stand here and object on the score
of deficient population? I hope that gentlemen
will look at this thing right, and not turn from
your doois the people of Oregon, who have been
so law abiding, and who aie worthy of a place in
tins Confederation by every consideration of in-
terest and justice.
A wo i d more: citizens of the United Statescom-
menced to go to Oregon in 1831 — people mostly
fiom the noitheru States. Thty established mis-
sions and settlements there. The enterprising
men who weie-there took care of the American
right to tin* soil, organized a provisional govern-
ment in 1843. A provisional assembly w>m ap-
pointed to watch over the genial Welfare. Courts
were established, and everything was done for the
protection of life and piopeiry. In 1^4,'j, n icgu-
hvr provisional government was oignmzed, and.
Mr. Abemethy, who had gone out at an eaily
•: day, was in ule Govei nor. lie continued to dis-
charge the i\itit*s uf that oiKce until the laws of
the United otates were extended over the Terri-
1 tory I went there as the Governor. When I
, aruved, after a severe trip in winter, I found the
■ government in a healthy condition. Theie wan
order and happiness, and 1 felt that it was a pity
to disturb the government. Tim piople, how-
. ever. Hocked out to meet me, and the otfk.al*
cheerfully yielded up to me. The u rruorial gov-
, eminent was immediately organized, and under it
that people have since lived-
