1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
738
and nays on the motion of the Senator from
Florida.
Mr. BAYARD. I think it likely that I shall
support the bill of the honorable Senator from
Florida; for, as I understand, it concedes some-
thing like justice to the officers of the Is!avy, and
makes thorn equal to the officers of the Army, as
regards their pyy; but 1 do not think it ought to
be interposed now, in the morning hour. It will
only lead to debate, and will consume time that
ought to be devoted to other matters which mo
merely formal in their character, but probably
equally necessary to be disposed of. I shall have
to vote against this motion; though I rather think
1 shall vote in favor of the bill when it does come !,
lip.
The question being: taken by yeas and nays on ji
Mr. Mai.lory's motion, resulted—yeas 20, nays ;
33; as iollows: :>
YEAS—T5H1, Blight. Biodetiek, T'iowii, Clay,
Chngman. Dnvi-, t-'U/.pnni< it, Hammond. Houston. Iver-
son, Jone-. Kennedy. MalSmy, Ma^-on. Sebastian, Shields'. :'
Tlmm-on (,r New Jci--e\, W.iui. and \ulee—
NA Yc*—Mr-M^ Allen, f5a\ .in], High s , Chandler, Civd-
nur. rim k. Col'amcrX'uUemlon. Ui\oti. Doohltle, Done! a.-. '
Fe^enden, Fitch, Font, (iieen, Hale. Hamlin, flatlan, 1
Hunter. Jolui-on oi Tenne.-.-ee, Kimr. Polk. Fiuih, K>'id.
Scvvaul, Hunmon*, Siid-il, Stuart, Toombs, Tiuu.bnll, 1
Wade, Wilson, and Wright—33. ;;
So the motion was not agreed to. f
CONSULAR COURTS IN CHINA. i'
Mr. BAYARD. I am instructed by the Com- 1
mittee on the .1 udieiary, to whom was referred
the message of the President of the United State-:, ;
communicating a letter from the United States
Minister m China, with the decree and regula-
tions that accompanied it, to make a report, con- n
eluding with a i evolution and also to ask the Sen- '!
ate to proceed to its present consideration. It is
merely formal; it will only he necessaiy fb read :
the report. The resolution is very short, but yrt '
it is necessary that the Senate should act upon it •
in order to give validity to the decree. If thoie
is the slightest objection, lam willing that it shall
go over; but 1 am sure there can be no objection. I
There being no objection, the Semite proceeded I
to consider the repoi t; which was read, as follows: ;j
The Committee on the Judicial v. to whom \vn^ i cferned a 1
mes-nso oi the I'lCMrtentot the Hinted ta.ee, < t' Decembei >
27, tiaii-niittni^ a eopv oi a d.nuec and re^uliiion ;
made by the Minister of the I ,'mted r-'iaie, in C!n iu, on t lie
27th day of Febiuary, 1806, boy leave to nubuiit the iullow- !
ingiepoit:
Tli.it, by the MXth swiion of the act ofron'/re-', entitled ]
" An act ti) carry into etlect certain ptovi-ioi's m the fio.t- j
ties between the United State^and (llnna, and tiio Ottoman
J'ortt , jiivms c cm f.iiii judieial powers to mmi ters and con- l(
sul- of t lie United States in thos-e count lie-,'* all i emulation-, 1
decree®, and older-, made by the Cornini.-Moner oi the Tin- ,j
ted States in China, m put^uance oi'tlie pruvu-ionx of the |
filth section of the same act, are to tie transmitted. with '
the opinions of Iih adviso to the PiesuleiU, to be laid be- ,
fore Congress On its ie\ision. i.
The dectte <uid ovulation made bv William 13. Reed,
Envoy Eytranidmaiy aiid Mmiatei IMeiiipotennaiy ot the ,
United States to China on the 27th d.iy oi Febiuary, U.">y, |
he then benej the pinion\e.-ted witu and e\eiei-ni<; the j
principal diplomatic functions jn China, ot winch dec tee a 1
copy is transmitted bv the Lxccutive. with the opinion-; ot .,
the advi-ong eon-uK has been coiiMdeied b>' the committee ; ,
and deeming it a lighifu) and judicious- eu-rci.sc of the ;
powei eonfeircd upon the commissioner by the said net, j
the committee aie of opinion that no icvision is requeue, j
and repoit the following icsolntion:
lic:olred, Tbatno revi-ion by Concrete of the decree and
regulation made by William 15. Ret d, Envoy Eut aordmaiv ,'
and Muu-ter Plempotentiaiy liom the United States of
America to China, on the -7th day of Febiuary, 18."8, on- '■
titled "• fi< ^illations foi the con^ulai comt«. of the United '■
States ot Ami'iica in Cluim," is requisite. j
Mr. BAYARD. I move that the resolution be
adopted. ;
The motion was agteed to.
FORGING OF LAND WARRANTS. 1
Mr. I3AYARD. The Committee on the Judi- !
ciary, to whom was referred the bill Cf1. 11.830) .
for the punishment of forging or counterfeiting mil-
itary bounty land warranty, mihtaiy bounty land
certificates, eeitjfcates of location, ciTtificntes of
purchase, and receiver's receipts, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and rec-
ommend that it be n^ssfd. They have also in-
structed me, as there are frauds which are per-
petrated to a very great extent m connection with .
these papers, and there is no existing law ot the
Unite d states which embiaces a punishment tor
the otTense of forging such papers, to ask for its ■
present consideration, in order that it may pass and ■
become the law of the land, and prevent the com-
mission of crime. I ask for its present considera- 1
tion. It cannot take three minutes to pass it. 1
There being no objection, the Senate, as in ;
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider !
the bill. j
It provides that if any person or persons shall J
falsely make, alter, forge, or counterfeit, or cause '
or procure to be falsely made, altered, forged, or j
counterfeited, or willingly aid or assist in falsely i
making, altering, forging, or counterfeiting, any i
military bounty land warrant, or military bounty 1
land warrant certificate, issued or purporting to !
have been issued by the Commissioner of Ten- :
sions under any act of Congress, or any certifi- ,
cate or duplicate certificate of location of any mil-
itary bounty land warrant, or military bounty land
wariant certificate, upon any of the lands of the |
United States, or miv certificate or duplicate cer-
tificate of the purchase of any of the hmds of the
United States, or any receipt or duplicate receipt
iorthe pm chase-money of any of the lands of the ,
United States, issued or puiporting to have been
is-.uied by the register and receiver at any land
otiice, or either of them; or if any person or per-
sonsshall pass, utter, or publish astrue, any false,
foiled, or counterfeited, military bounty land
w.iriant, military bounty hind wairantcertificate,
<. ei uiicatu of location, or duplicate, certificate of I
locat'on, cciUfieate of purchase, duplicate certifi- i
cafe of purchase, receipt, or duplicate ree,eipt,for
tin' purchase-money of any of the lands of the 1
United States, knowing the same to be false or
forged, the person or persons so offending shall
be deemed and adjudged guilty of f<dony; and on ;
being dulv convicted, shall be sentenced to be ;
inipusoned and kept at haid labor for a period
not ies« than thtee vern s nor more than ten ye.u\s, !
Tins piovismn i.-= nut to bo conxtiued to depuve .
the couits of the several Slater of jurisdiction ;
under Slate lawj <-ver ofieii.-'.es punishable by thi«
The hill wn:? repojted to the Senate without
amendment, oulered to a thud reading, read the
third time, and pessed. I
REPORTS, PE l'TTIOJCSj AND BILLS. |
iMr. TIIf'i.MSOX, of New Jersey, fiotn the
Committee on Naval Alfei^s, to whom was re- ,
feireil the i icmoi i.d of Ale K< nil IJnchaimn, a pur- i
ser m the Navy, piaym-; indemnity for losses op- ■
easioned by the illegal aiders of his commanding '
oflieer. s;i:unitte(l nn adverse report thereon; and ]
the feport w.n oidired to be printed. i
Mr. 'MALLOUY presented a memorial of the j
Legislature of the Terutory of Washington, m ,
favor of the establish.nient ol a coal depot at l>el- 1
lyigham I jay, in 1'u^et Sound; winch u as referred
to the Committee on Na\al Ailears.
Mr. MALLOL'A', from tin- Committee on Na- ,
val AfVairs, to v/hom was refem d tlio hill (C. C. :
No. 90) for the lehef of Kunhe G. .Tone-3, exec-
utrix of Thomas P. Jone", asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, which was agreed ,
to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (C. C. No. 89) for the relief
of Nancy M.Johnson, administratrix of Walter
It. Johnson, deceased, asked to be dischaiged
from Us further consideration; which was agrei d
to. lie said, m explanation, that similar bills
have been reported from the Committee on
Claims, to whom these bills should have, been
referred originally.
Mr. GWIN pr. sented the memorial of H. T.
Tempieton, proving the payment of expenses in-
curred by the State of California in suppressing ,
Indian hostilities, between the years 1£«5U and
1S5T; which was reteired to the Committee on
Military Affairs nnd the lUi'una.
Mr. B110DKR1CK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to inti oduce a bill (S. No.
550) to establish a line of steam mail ships be-
tween San Fiancisco, m California, and Shang-
hai, m China, touching at the Sandwich Islands
and Japan; which was read twice by its title, and
leferred to the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads. i
Mr. JVERSON presented a resolution of the-'
Legislature of the State of Georgia, m favor of
the etf'Uon and eon ^ti action of a naval depot on
Blythe Island; which was ordered to lie on the
table and be pimted.
Mr. 1VERSON. I move thnt the communica-
tion of the Secretary of the Xavv, made a few
days ago on the same subject, be printed for the
use of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. IVERSQN, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 5(1) for the
repayment of lead rents impropeily paid to the
Government, reported it without amendment.
Mr. FOOT. The Committee on Foreign Re-
lations, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
549) for the relief of James P. Cook, ask to be"
discharged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Commerce, the
subject out of which the claim grew being more
appropriately within the jurisdiction of that com-
mittee.
Mr. WADE. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the unfinished busi-
ness of yesteiday. Hut five minutes remain of
the morning hour.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will remark that I shall
ask the in dulgenee of the SenatTe to-morrow, during
the hour for morning business, to offer the'bill
that I proposed to introduce this morning,and to
make such cxplanatoiy remarks as I may deem
neceSvsaiy during that hour. I am not in the habit
of occupying much of the time of the Senate*, but
I shall, on that occasion, endeavor to do what I
think is an act of justice.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Mihtia, to whom was referred the
papets in reluion to the claim of l)a\id Butler,
reported adversely thereon; and the report was
agreed to. %
Mi. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was leferied the motion to print the let-
ter of the Treasurer of the United States, com-
municating copies of his accounts for the third
and fourth quarters of the year 1857, and the first
and second quarters of the year reported
adversely thereon; and the repoit was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print the message of the
Piesuient, communicating the correspondence of
Messrs. McLane and Parker, late commissioners
to China, reported in favor of the motion; and the
lepoit was agreed to.
Mr. PUG1X submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agTeed to:
Rciolcetl, That the PiopkIpiU i>c requested to communi-
cate (opioof any correspondence between the Govern-
ment oi' the Uiiit< d Suite-, and the (>o\ ei inn cut oi i'm^ia,
on th'' sulijm t ol' the eo.npuNoty enh.-trouit of American
eiuzens m the army m that kingdom, with Mich othei m-
I'oiniauoii on the subject as the Depaitrncnt of State may
he able to iiitni^h.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I have been requested
by several friends of Stewart W. Megowan to
present a petition asking that a pension be granted
to him, which I desire to have referred to the
Committee on Pensions. I know the Megowans
•well. They are a family of as honest soldiers as
ever lived. That man will tell his own story. I
ask that the petition he read.
The Secretary read as follows:
To the honorable the Saiute anil Howe of Ttcprc-icntatiues
oj the United Stales m Con?)C'>s a>sc>n'>leJ :
Your petitionci. Stow ait \V. Megowan, w.<u!d respoct-
lully ftate that he i-> now re-tdinu in the city oi Lexington,
Kentucky, and i. in his f-evc nty-iouith }< .u. Thnt in the
w;u <leHaied hvthe United State- against Cleat uiiiamahe
]?>lh oi June, ]S|-2, he hod the honoi to uui-e and command
a company ot voluuteeis item J"iexiti !oi., Kemucky, in ?he
regiment commanded bv Cnlunel VViihirn Low'!-, which
iuiuH'd a pint ot the nouhwc-tein :nin}.und"r the com-
mand of Gene nil* Wincne-tei and li unison ; mat tiicy ion-,
dezvou'-ed at <Iem> f town. iventiKk\. ^oirv u.neiu Auu'i«t,
1^12. and m a tew il<i>- therealiei pioeeoded to the noitii-
w e-tem tiontiei, then a witderaes-; that they cminsr-d one
ot the -eveie-t w infer campanula ever expeueocd l>v men,
pait ol the tiioc veiv b.utly chid and i)a<'ii without provis-
ions ; that he, \\ itn in- company, icmau'ed wii a me army
until artcr the bariles <it Kai--in, in wbieh a p.u t oi it was
eima^ed some nine in Felnunij, JH3. Tho^e v. no were de-
tailed to jeinaip wiui (it nerai I'avnc, at the Rapid-', weie
t lien honoiabiv di-char cd and returned liome t<! i jeMn^t-m,
Kentuckv. 'J'he various d)-a-:teis oi' tlie nm liiw^ie; n -mny
caused Govei 1101 I'Mac bneltiy, oi Iveniuekv, to call lor
\olunieers to meet him at Newport, on the l;i-t ot August;
and, on the 1st of £ept"mbfi, loIovei thice thou-and
CiOS'-ed the Ohiorivei, armed oad equipped a- the jaw di-
rected That be nu.-ed and coniuMndi. u at.oiiiet company
ftoiii jiCXin^fon, Kentuckv, on ih.u oeva-,iu,, and joined
the reomieni o[ Colonet'i'rouen, and pio<voded to O.uiada,
Utjd( r tile command of <Jovemor -Siirlle and (Jere^a! liai-
ii^oii, a'ld was in the battle on tee met *i'i:.un"-. on t;io
."(111 oi Octenet, lcl.!,ailer \> ir> o, h" i etuined {.j 31 } -vitie,
Kenmcky. wh.-ie they w\ i< aon>nabl> di.-chame(: en the 2d
of November, 1B13, alter ba\mgf reived >event\ ore days,
and iouud them-clvoir- a portion of the tune, in tlie latter
