112
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Royce.
Ho. of Reps.
acquisition of Cuba is, that the aggregate pro-
ductions*^ the island are to be largely increased
as a consequence of its acquisition. This must
neccssanly involve a demand for £n increase of
laborers, and this demand is expected to be sup-
plied by slave labor. So that, instead of the
anticipations of the President being1 realized, thore
is good reason to fear that the acquisition of Cuba
would stimulate this trade, and strengthen the
opposition to our prohibitory laws upon the sub-
ject; and if it did not eventually procure their re-
peal, would become so powerful that they would
become useless, because they could not be en-
forced.
It follows, almost as a necessary consequence,
that enlarging the area of slavery must increase
the demand for slaves; and the Pr.'-sidcnt will
find great difficulty in convincing the American i
people that the addition of more slave territory is I
calculated to load to the abolition of the slave '
trade, or that any new legislative sanction of the :
system on this continent will tend to the civiji&a- ;
tion of benighted Africa. I
1 cannot, Mr. Chairman, accord to the Presi- j
dent any sincerity in his presentation of this sub- !
ject. It seems 10 me rather, that knowing as ho j
must, the deep-seated, strong, and increasing ;
opposition of the peopje of this country to the ij
whole Ma-very system, that this argument is put 'I
forth by him to furnish a plausible justification
to those of his political fuendy in the free States, i,
who are expected to aid him in the accomplish- [j
ment of the object recommended. ji
Hut I have already spent too much time upon u
this poition of tin: message. This aigument, in y
connection with the description of the piesvmf. 'j
condition of the island, needs only to be stand, lj
to he condemned by an intelligent people. Tho
argument upon which tho President evidently ii
most relies, is that of the geographical position ■!
of Cuba, and its commanding influence upon thcjl
commerce of this country. jj
!ti$&ud,Mi' Chairman, that Cuba naturally
belongs to us, on account of its position. Tin,: ij
claim of natuial right is of modern invention, ami !i
3 apprehend will be found ditficuh ofupphea.hm.
i suppose, sir, when we get Cuba, this same claim
is lo be used for the acquisition of Jamaica; for !j
Jamaica is only abmit ninety miles from Cuba, !
while Cuba is one hundred and thirty miles fiotn ,j
our coast; and so ou until we add all of the West ,!
India Islands fo our possessions; and when there it
are no more islands to purchase or to conquer, the i1
discovery will be made that Mexico naturally be- ||
loni f  to us; and when we have acquned Mexico, ii
it will be ascertained that we have a natural light j1
to all of the Central American States. AmU last ;!
of all, the Biitssh and Russian possession.; ou this
coutimntaro to be brought within its operation; ;
find thus chum of mutual right is never to be sat- d
isfh d, until then aie no more lauds upon the eon- lj
liuent, 01 in die oe.inn, c<miiguouK, left for it lo
operate upon. * >'
I understand, Mr. Chairman, that there ate no
nntiual rights to thing,n corporeal in any < iv di/t <! ;
country, except those which an confined and 1
guaiamied by law; and this defuni 1011 upplux to
nations as well as individuals. The rightx of
pmpeiiy an- defmed, ascertained, and protected
by law, and nations are as much bound to respect,
observi , «oid enforce these lews as individuals;
and 1 he man v ho should persistently chum a n,tf- ,,
m ai 1 Li,hi to f he pi operiy of his nciuliboi, hecat.se 1
it happen' d to he COlltlgUOUS to liiS OW11, <U l)i: -
cause he tnoiiijit it mteht be more valuably 10
lum t nan to ins n< igiibur, \\ ouM soon lost the ie- ,l
sp< c,i of ail v. U!i v. inmi he mi;^ht associate.
I am not dn pox.-d, A11. Chairman, to d<ktte !
the question of Ue- toiounuaal importance of
Cuba, \v hmh oth' r g> mlenu u haw so m \gnified 1
in the deh-ite-' upon this dour, and which is so 1
hmgi inly dmr'U ^secl m ihe mnjm rty J'ef'ul! s of the i i
Common es on i'N.reii'ji Aih.i,- of tin Lou^eaml
S e;-t j ain v. to adorn thai eiu < em.nt 1 ce
v,'4! 1) Cuba is Mjrv O'lj'driani, ai.ei js rai id:y ut-
'\et-mig. 'j he same is true of our enmmeu'e v. oi: |
ts !,>•: fu,. !'.m countries, which tho i": t sidem hex ■
a ■! yet 1 • c liiii'irjui's! Congress n> put clm>-><-. <• m), ■
Wl'h tl>" UnaiJini;!!! wisely and prmuiiy eei-
miin.-5i.ei• d, 1 cxpitt to see a constancy increas-
m_c cmnvu rt e with alt the notions where our 1
commerce now extends, and that new fields will ;i
be discovered and new avenues of trade will be
opened for it; and it will keep on, steadily and
healthily increasing, until it rhals the commerce
of the world. If I was disposed to institute com-
parisons, I think I could demonstrate that, in a
commercial point of view, there are other coun-
tries which it would bo quite as important to ac-
quire as Cuba.
Another argument used, and which is directly
connected with the question f ha^e just been con-
sidering, is the pecuniary value of the island to
us. The cjaim is, that the value would be im-
mense, but gentlemen here failed to point out in
what that value would consist. The land consti-
tuting the island, except the reservations for mil-
itary and other governmental purposes, has been
owned by individuals, and mostly by Spanish
subjects, for centurics. The personal property
is also owned by individuals. The President has
not yet committed himself to'the policy of con-
fiscating private property upon the island, and he
can hardly expect to acquire it by honorable ne-
gotiation, without entering into treaty obligations
to respect and protect the rights of property of
the subjects who are transferred with the island.
Then, sir, what rights of property do we acquire
by Us acquisition. We get, to be suie, the fortifi-
cations, which have been erected mainly to pro-
tect it against filhbustern.g expeditions from this
cbuntiy, and all tho other fixtures, which have
been piovided for the accommodation of the large
standing army which is maintained there. Hut
of what value will theM: be to us, unless we ex- j
poet to maintain a largo standing army there? If 1
our people wmh to emigrate to Cuba, to cultivate '
its $oil, tie y will he compelled to purchase the j
land, not of the Government, but of Us owners, |
and at price* fo be lived by those owners. j
It is said that wh-'ii (hiba is annexed, this S
country will furnish u with those atticles of con- !
sumption and trade which me now supplied by !
other count i les. if this be true, we shaliderive no i
ievenue from importations to Cuba; and the Con- j
st'tuiion piohibiM the exaction of expoit duties. :
Whore, then, is the rev-emmcoinm.; from toemicti
the Code) m of the S'aie, or e\ cil to defmy the ex- ;
p<.nue.s of L{.-: 0W1I go\ei niueill r The Cu.:t of HS ,
acqui -at ion can only be est mm tod by hundreds of j
million;'. And the people ou^-ht to understand }
n'uv, thai if Cuha is put chase d, 11 must he paid :
for out of the Tuusury, and not fiom tin* avails ;
of an ythim; we eequiie by the purchase. Sn , we i
shall acquue nothing but the political sovereignty
ot the island; and I shall try and demoust ate,
before 1 conclude my leuiaiiis, how much that
will be woiih.
U is presumed that (he LVe?>ident. unless he
is restrained by some rule of State policy, will
commumeare to Congress the true and stionu;est
leasons wTmih exist, in support of any lecom-
menda^ion he may make,. In this instance, it
seems the President was under no such restraint;
lor m respoiise io acvl|] matle upcm bun bv the ?Sen-
at", since h;s m< ;'>a^e wa-5 sent to (jun^i ess, he
has infni m -d thai boily th.ai tlnu " had been no cor-
lespundem • v. nh Spain upon thi.- subject, e;vce;ot
wh.it h 1 I long i.iaor been made pu!d;e, A candid
and ( aiel'ui ex'.unmatmn of all the faeN, to which
the l?:esideni has nuued our attention, in connec-
tion witii tins oubjei:t, iias failed to convince me
that it is the duty of Uor^rtss to legislate at all
ut>o 11 tin' matter, i f the Piesah nt i^ .-met rtjl v de-
sirous of pre serving fuendly relaiions with yj ani,
I would respt ctfuliy suggest to him, that tiie will
be likely to eli'c< t that object by refiuinin^ fxom
ah further attempt:* to purchase fiom her that
which she has at ail Hums re fuss d to sell", and
whieh hi' must kno-,/ we have no money to pay
(or, and urn wh  te world Knows we do not need.
in I.*'." !>, \lr. Buchanan, as Secretary of .State,
mfotmeu the tipaimm ^ 'j|krnment that as loug« s
Cuba remain- d as a depSndency oi colony of
iSpam, tins tbnernment wt-uld be conten1; but
thai we W(.uld net ..oiaent that Cuba snouhl be
II ansfeii\.1 to any o.'m r Kumpean Power, 'i he
Pr.'saleui does not pivurul tlmt ih< ix i-~' now Cn:y
Jaiiger of its iii-iM'ei; iim* dees lo.1 ai^t:;a any
nr.-ou for th.-- „ ipp.ee. ot i:i. >usit-.tency in ins con-
duct. lie can Lyrdlv expect to retain eoufiienee
and rospeer, unless upon great national questions
he can be more consistent in his actum than he
seems to have been on this question
I come now, Mr. Chairman, to a consideration
of the means which the President recommends
Congress to adopt, in aid of the proposed acqui-
sition of Cuba. And lest I might be accused of
doing him injustice, I will refer to that portion of
the message. He says:
" The publicity which has been given to our former nego-
tiation® upon this'.ubjcct, and the huge appi epilation winch
mnv be required to elfoct the puipo^e, naulei it expedient,
hetore making another attempt to renew the negotiation,
that 1 should lay the whole subject betore Congress Thms
esspcci.xH v necessary, as it may become indispensable to suc-
civj! that I should If intiush'd with the means of making
an advance to the Spaniel Government immediately after
the signing of the treaty, without awaiting the ratificauon
oi n by the Senate, t :nn encouiaai'd to make thw sugges-
tion by tlie example of Mi. Jerfoison, pmvious to the pur-
chase of Loin-iana from Fiancc. arid that ot Mr, Polk, m
view of the acqia-m<>u 01 ten steny tioiu Mcxico. T ref«r
the whole sulijeet to Congress and commend it to theiv
caietul consideration."
A majority of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs of this House have leported a bill, which ra
now lying on the table, appropriating ^30,000,000
to enable the President to conclude, with the Gov-
ernment of Spam, a treaty of amity, and for tho
settlement of old differences, including the ces-
sion of tho island of Cuba, to be used by him, if
he should think fit, in advance of the ratification
of the treaty by the Senate: provided said treaty,
when signed by the authorized agents of the two
Governments, and duly ratified by the Govern-
ment of Spain, shall call foi the expenditure of
tho same, or any part thereof, full and accurate
accounts of which expendituie «hall be by him
transmitted to Congtess at as early a day as prac-
ticable. The second section of the bill makes a
very nccessary provision m the present condition
of the national finances, in giving the President
authority to borrow the money.
These remarkable propositions of the Presi-
dent and committee have filled the country with
just alarm for the permanency and stability of our
Government. I regard them as a direct attack
upon up unportantcousUtutional pumaiou, which
Was intended for the piotectum of the citizen, by
gmm> lmn, thum^h his Representative, a free and
untiammcled voice and vote, upon all treaties
which tho Piesidemt may make with other Na-
tions. The second section m the second article
of the Constitution provides that the President
shall have power, by and with the advice and
consent of tlie Senate, to make treaties, provided
two thirds of the Senators present concur. The
language of the Constitution precludes the suppo-
sition that the President, in tho execution of tho
power conferred upon him by this provision, can
do anything more than to submit a proposed
treaty to the Senate, for its approval or rejection.
And so jealous were the fiamers of the Constitu-
tion of Executive power, that they required a vote
of two thirds of the Senate to ratify a treaty and
make it binding upon the nation; and if there is
anv occasion when the Senate should be left per-
fectly free and unoiased, it is when they are
called upon to act upon Ueatses. Treaties aie ul-
ways supposed to be matters, of national concern.
The mti 1 com m' of the woild is controlled and
governed by treoues; and the peace of the world
is dependent upon tioatws. Our fathers were so
deeply nnpn s-jed wit h their unpoi tance that they
wisely excepted thent from the general rule which
binds tiie Government, by a majority vote of the
Senate and House, and ictmired that two thirds
at least of the people's representatives in thai
branch of the national Legislature should afseut
to a treaty bcfoie it should become the law of the
land.
Now, Mr, what, is proposed by this bkl ? It is
to v< st oi the Presuh-nt the le^al authority to pay
fcwX),OUU,OUO ou! ut the national Tieasury, undent
treaty'; when ii shall lnne been latified by cue
party; and before it shall have been submitted
even to the other party, who>e issent is required
before it can bee.mm obligatory upon the nation.
L'-t us juppyse, i\ir. Clmtunau, (bat the President
soc'^-eds m mala.;"" a Uuity kn Uo purchase of
Cuba, and pays o\er in bn Sjau.i-h Government
the ,buU appiopiivUcd by rhls b ii, in par^.
peyrm ut, and the treaty is then si.bustled to tho
Senate lor us action: what alternative m 01 (.sentea
to the Senate' it is either to ratify li:e treaty,
however objectionable H may be, or to take the
responsibility of the loss of tire amount paid hy
tho Government. Sir, the Senate may lie fully
