734
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
part of the year 1814, lie, learning that the British army
was about to mvatle Louisiana, and take the city of New
Orleans, he had no time to raise another company, and
went alone, at Ins own expense, to join the southern army.
He descended the Ohio and Mis&iwwppi rivers, and was for-
tunate to reach General Andrew Jackson's army a few days
before the great battle of the 8tli of January, 1815. That he
had the honor of being in that battle and fighting on his
own hook wherever he was most needed. That in these
three campaigns he spent the greater part of hn estate, be-
ing in easy circumstances when the war commenced and
in embarrassed circumstances when {he war concluded..
That from the fatigue and expoe-ure incident to said cam-
paigns his health was greatly impaired, so much so. that he
has never regained it, and with the loss of his health and
estate, he has had to toil and labor for the last forty years
for a barcsupport. The last four yeais he has been pros-
trate on his back, and not able to get out of his room with-
out assistance, and is now in that condition, dependent
upon a poor, broken-down brother for the meat and biead
he eats and the clothing to keep him warm. He feels that
he has served his country faithfully all Ins life and has never
received anything for it. lie can truly tay that he has not
one cent in his pocket, and is notable to do anything to
earn one, and is too proud to beg. In this condition he re-
quests your honorable body to grant him a pension for life,
sufficient to sustain and support him ducentlv. Ho w ill not
need it long. S. W. MEGO WAN.
Mr. CR1TTENDEN. The petitioner was a cap-
tain at the battle of Raisin. He raised a company
of men when old Shelby went out. He returned
from there, and just afterwards there were rumors
of an invasion by the British at New Orleans. He
went to the battle of New Orleans as a private;
made his way there;arrived m time for the action. I
He went on his own hook wherever he thought I
there was to be a fight. He says he is agood Dem-j
ocrat; that he is seventy-four years old; that he
has been rohbed; and now that he has not a cent
that he is living on the means of a broken-down
brother, and appeals to Congress. If those scr- j
vices do not entitle him to a pension, I am very j
much mistaken. He has brought physicians to j
swear that he cannot live long. 1 move to refer
the petition to the Committee on Pensions.
It was so referred.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE. j
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had concurred in the amendments of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 820) entitled "An
act providing for the payment of the expenses of
investigating committees of the House of Repre-
sentatives."
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A subsequent message announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (H. R. No.
8ii0) providing for the payment of the expenses
of investigating committees of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Henry, his Secretary, announced
that the President had this day approved and
signed the following act and resolution:
A resolution for the relief of William Hazzard
Wigg; and
An act for the enforcement of mechanics' liens
on buildings, &c., in the District of Columbia.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. "WADE. I renew my motion, the morn-
ing hour having expired, to proceed to the con-
sideration of the unfinished business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason in
the chair.) The bill alluded to by the Senator
from Ohio now comes up as the unfinished busi-
ness.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, for the purpose of taking up the Indian
appropriation bill; and upon that I shall ask the
yeas and nays. I believe that the economy of
time wouid be promoted *by considering the ap-
propriation biils as they come up. We are obliged
to pass them; and the whole effect of substituting
other business for them in this way is, that we
have to act upon them without due consideration.
Mr. WADE. I have no disposition to occupy
time. I believe the agricultural college bill was
sufficiently debated yesterday. I hope the friends
of the bill will not delay action upon the subject
any longer by debate. I have noticed, since I
have been here, a good many bills that have failed
for want of votes; but i do not think I ever knew
one to fail for want of speechifying. Therefore,
I advise the fiiendt. of the bill to make no speeches.
Let us come to the vote on the subject. That is
all I ask.
Mr. HUNTER. I ask for the yeas and nays
on my motion. I have no idea that we shall get
through as rapidly by taking up the other bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 29; as follows:
YEAS— Me^rs. Bates. Bayard, Benjamin, Bright, Ches-
nut, Clay, Ohngman, Davie, Frtch, Fitzpatriek, Gieen,
Gvvin. Hammond, Hunter, fver«on, Johnson ol Tennessee,
Jones, MaNory, Mason, Folk, Pugh, Jleid, Kice, Sebastian,
Shields, Shdwli, Waul, and Yulce—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Bigler, Broderick. Chandler,
ClaikjCollamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Ddolittle, Douglas. Fes-
sendun, Foot, Hale, Hamlm, Harlan, Houston, Kennedy,
King, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Thomson of New Jersey, Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, Wil-
son, and Wright—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business of yesterday is the bill (H. R. No. 2)
donating public lands to the several States and
Territories which may provide colleges for the
benefit of agriculture and the mechanic arts, the
pending question being on the motion of the Sen-
ator fiom Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands, on which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. DIXON, lam requested by mycollcague,
Mr. Foster, to state that he is detained this
morning by indisposition, and has paired off with
the honorable Senator from Mississippi, Mr.
Brown.
Mr. HUNTER On this question I have paired
off with the Senator from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cam-
eron.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 26; as follows;
YEAS - Messi* Bayuid, Benjamin, Bught, Chesnut,
Clay, Cltngman, Davi-«, Fueh. Fit/.pamck. Green, Gwin,
Hammond,Houston. I ver.-on. Johnson of Tcnnfs.-ue, Jones,
Malloi y. Mason, Polk, Pngh. Keid, Riee, Scbastwn, Shield>,
Shdell, Toombs, Waul, and Yuh-e—28.
NAYS—Me^rs Allen. Bell, Bigler, Bi oderick, Chandler,
Claik, Colhnner, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolutle, Douula-,
Fe.-London, Foot, Hate, llamliu, Ilarlau, Kennedy, King,
Scwaid, Simmon-!, Stuart,Thompson of Kenmcky,Thom-
son of New Jcisey, Trumbull, Wade, and Wright—2(5.
So the bill was recommitted to the Committee
on Public Lands.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone all
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the In-
dian appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bi11 {H R. No. 664) making appro-
priations for the current and conungcnt expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, I860.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. J propose to offer some
amendments now from the Committee on Indian
Affairs. Most of these amendments require no ex-
planation, and, as a geneiai rule, I shall not con-
sume the time of the Senate by voluntary expla-
nations; only making statements when they are
called for. My first amendment is to insert: ;
Pottawatomies.—For arrears of interest diif> January 1, |
18.VJ, on five per cent, bond-! of the estate ot Indiana, held |
in trust loi the Pottawatomies by the ScetoUi) of the In-
terna, $;12,0">3 20,
For the redemption of the principal sum of said five per
cent, stock, h'dd in tiu t. as afoiesaui, $68,000, to he m-
\ es-ted by the Seeietarv of the Interior m sale and profimble
Stat'- stock?, in lieu or said live per cent stocks: Provided,
That the said Indiana five pci cent, stocks shall be surren-
deied by the Seeietarv ol tin; Interior to the Secretary of the
TreasUty, who shall be required to institute proceedings to
recover, from the State of Indiana, the amount due on said
stocks : Provided jurther, That the stocks with which the
Secretaiy of the Interior is now charged upon the books of
the Treasury, under the head of u Chippewas, Ottowas,and
Pottawatomies—mills and education," he charged to two
separate account*, to be opened under the head of u Potta-
watomie*.' mills," and a Pottawatomies' education and
the Secretary of the Interior is hereby authonzed, with the
consent of the Pottawatomies, to transfer the stocks charged ;
as aforesaid, to the new heads of account, in such piopoi-
tions as he may deem best for the Pottawatomies.
The Chickasaw incompetents.—Foi arreais of inteiost due ;
January 1,18." 9, on five per cent bonds of the [State of In- j
diana, held in tiu-t for the Chickasaw incompetents by the j
Secretary of the Interior, ,$3o0. j
For the icdemption of the principal sum of said five per i
cent. -Mock held in t>us-t asafoiesiid^^OOO—to be invested
by the Secietarv of the Intenorm safe and profitable State
stocks, m lieu of the said five per cent, stocks: Provided,
That the said Indiana five per cent stocks shall be surren-
dered by the Sccreuuy of the Inteuor to the Secretary of
the Treasury, who shall be required to institute proceed-
ings? to recovei from the State of Indiana the amount due
on said debt.
Mr. FITCH. I move to amend the amend-
ment offered by the Committee on Indian Affairs,
by striking out all after the words, " required to,"
in thefourihline of each proviso—thatis, to strike
out the provision in relation to surrendering stocks
to the Secretary of the Treasury—and inserting,
"correspond with the Executive of Indiana for
the purpose of effecting an arrangement relative
to the amount due on said stocks, and report prog-
ress to the next Congress."
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That is a very proper
amendment, and I hope it will be adopted. I
would accept it if I had power to do so.
Mrs FITCH. It is but fair that I should state
that I have no assurance whatever that any ar-
rangement can be made, or even that the state
holds itself responsible for this stock. The stock
is part of the old internal-improvement fund of
that State, which fell into the hands of the Gov-
ernment in the manner indicated by the amend-
ment of the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs. Some years since the State, as is per-
haps well known,surrendered its principal work
of internal improvement, the Wabash canal, to *
the holders of the stock, on certain conditions.
The Government was one of the holders; but the
Department in the hands of which the stock was
held did not feel at liberty to become a party to
the arrangement, without an act of Congress au-
thorizing them so to do. Such an act never could
be procured. It passed this body, I understand,
two or three times, but always failed in the other
end of the Capitol. Some arrangement, perhaps,
can be made; and the object of my amendment is
to open correspondence, to ascertain whether it
can or not.
Mr. HUNTER. I do not object to the amend-
ment to the amendment; but the original amend- •
ment seems to me to propose a somewhat doubtful
policy. I presume we are bound to make good
to the Indians the interest on this amount, if the
State of Indiana should fail to pay; but if we have
to do this, and have to pay the principal out of
the Treasury of the United States, I think it
would be far better to invest these trust funds in
United States slocks than in State stocks any
more. The experiments which we have made in
that direction have not been successful; and if we
are to assume the debts, and guaranty not only
il the State stock which was formerly taken, but the
j1 new State stock which is to be bought, I think
j; the safest way would be to invest the money in
ji our own stocks; and I hope the Senator from
j1 Arkansas, the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, will so modify his amendment,
ij Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will do so.
ji The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
i! The question now is on the amendment of the
i| Senator from Indiana to the amendment.
Ij Mr. HUNTER. I will wait until that is taken.
i; The amendment to the amendment was agreed
! i to.
j! Mr. HUNTER. I now move to substitute
j! "United States stock" for "State stock," in those
;i lines where it is proposed to reinvest the money.
:i I move to strike out the words "safe and profitable
!! State stocks," and insert " the stocks of the Uni-
!: ted States."
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr.SEBASTIAN. Iofferanotheramendment, .
as a proviso, to be inserted after the appropriation
of $50,000 for the removal and subsistence of In-
dians in California:
And the Commissioner of Indian Affairs is heieby author-
ized, by and with the consent of the Secretary of the In-
teuor, to increase the number of reservations for Indian
puiposes in the State of California : Provided, The aggre-
gate amount of lands so set apait loi reservations shall not
exceed one hundred and twenty-five thousand acres.
Upon the motion of the Senator from Virginia,
the other day, the amount of the estimate was
reduced down to $50,000. This does not propose
to enlarge that amount, nor to incur any addi-
tional expense; nor does it propose to enlarge the
reservations which, by existing law,are devoted
to the purpose of maintaining and subsisting In-
dians in -California. It merely authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior, without increasing the
amount of the reservations, to so divide them as
to embrace some small settlements of Indians who
have local habitations, and cultivate the soil for
existence; and its effects will be, without enlarg-
ing the reservations or increasing the expendi-
tures, to enable the Department to give protection
to some small villages of Indians, in the unsettled
