1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
735
parts of the country, and protect them against in-
trusion of the whites. It meets with the entire
approbation of the Department, and is in further-
ance of the policy which was indicated by the
chairman of the Finance Committee, in the amend-
ment which he brought forward the other day.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 would ask the Senator from
Arkansas if this does not propose, in effect, to
make some new reservations; that is, to make a
reservation of villages which have not heretofore
been included ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. By the existing law, one
hundred and twenty-five thousand acres are ap-
propriated. This cannot be exceeded. They pro-
pose to diminish some of the large reservations
that are really unoccupied, and appropriate alike
quantity in small detached parcels, to accommo-
date these small villages. The object is to prevent
the emigration of the Indians from their homes,
where they have settled homes, and to that extent
obviate the expense of transporting the Indians
from the mountains and from their own homes
to the large reservations. It is rather a proposi-
tion to subdivide the large reservations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I inquire if this amend-
ment will not necessarily increase the number of
agents and overseers and officers to attend to this
business ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will inform the Senator
from Maine that it is not contemplated to have
any agents or superintendents over these smaller
reservations at all. The object is merely to give
the Indians the right of occupancy where they are
now. It is not calculated to expend any money
upon them, or appoint any agents for them; but
to diminish the amount of land already appropi l-
ated to the larger reservations that are under the
superintendence of Government officials, and turn
over a like quantity for the protection of the local
habitations and farms in the small villages, which
are nothing more than remnants of the old mis-
sion system; to give them protection in their
homes, and prevent their being removed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it recommended by
the Department?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It is earnestly approved
by the Department. *
Mr. HUNTER. Can it be done without fur-
ther legislation on the part of the State of Cali-
fornia ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Certainly. There is no
increase m the amount of land already included
in the reservations.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. My next amendment is
not exactly in the usual form, because the esti-
mate has just been handed in, but I will read the
estimate, so that the Senate may undersiatul it;
and I can afterwards put the amendment in proper
form:
The total amount lecormnended hj Fuperintenrtent W.
J. Culleu, for allowance for reiuU-red and supplies
furnished against Ink-pa dii tali and hi ■> band, i- 1111)1.
The amount appiopriated by e-s ]■> .sjJO UOU.
FltAXCld SCHMIDT.
The above amount is correct.
CHARLES E. MIX,
ChicJ Clci/i Indian *ljjitirs.
At the last session of Congress the amount of
$20,000, which was then supposed to bo adequate
for the purpose, was appropriated. The report
of Superintendent Cullen, since then, ascertains
that the entire amount necessary to satisfy that
class of claims is $25,114 91. I move, therefore, to
appropriate the balance of that sum, (£5,114 91)
for that purpose. The obligation was acknowl-
edged by the law of the last session; and it is now
ascertained that there is a deficit in the amount
appropriated, reported by the superintendent, and
certified to be coned by the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs.
Air. HUNTER. It seems to me that these are
claims. There is no law providing for them.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The law provided at the
last session for this class of claims, and appropri-
ated, what was then supposed to be sufficient for
their payment, $20,000. This is now for a bal-
ance ascertained upon the report of the proper of-
ficers to the Indian bureau. It is m the nature of
a deficiency in a class of claims legitimated by the
legislation of the last session of Congress.
Mr. HUNTER. If there lie any report from
the Interior Department, 1 should like to hear it
read. It strikes me very much that this amend-
ment cannot come in under the rule.
,Mr. SEBASTIAN. As I explained, the esti-
mate was handed in at so late a moment that it
was impossible to obtain a formal recommenda-
tion or estimate by the Department. There is an
informal one, but it is official, and comes from the
right officer. I allude to the certificate of the chief
clerk of the Indian bureau, which I suppose com-
plies substantially with the rule. It has an offi-
cial sanction to its justice. The legislation of the
last session of Congress created the law. It is
now a mere deficiency to execute an old law, one
passed at the last session, and the amount of that
deficiency ascertained by its being audited at the
proper office, and the result of that deficiency
communicated here in official form; not according
to the usual manner in which estimates are com-
municated, it is true, but in one which satisfies
us, by evidence of as conclusive character as any
other, that it is all correct. The Senator from
Iowa can give a more authentic history of the ori-
gin of this claim, if it is necessary, to satisfy the
chairman of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HARLAN. The service rendered was
recognized by the War Department; and the
claim set up by the State of Iowa, as well as that
of the State of Minnesota, was referred to the
Indian superintendent m Minnesota, to be ad-
justed under the appropriation bill of last session,
appropriating $90,000. * This Indian superintend-
ent, on a thorough examination of the claims and
evidence, reports in favor of the allowance of
twenty-five thousand and some odd dollars. Un-
less this additional appropriation shall be passed
at this session of Congress, the $20,000 hereto-
fore appropriated will be applied pro rata to the
claimants; which will work very great injury
to the frontier settlers in Iowa, who, in several
instances, allowed everything they possessed to
be used by the troops in suppressing the hos-
tilitiesof the Indians. Theyailowed theircattle,
and then* hogs, everything they had for their own
sustenance, to be used by the troops. It will
work very great hardship unless this appropri-
ation is made. The Committee on Indian Affairs
recommend the appropriation, and I suppose that
ought to meet the objection raised by the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HUNTER. It seems to me that this can-
not, under the rule, come m upon the bill. This
is to provide for private claims—the claim?? of in-
dividuals who have been injured by the depreda-
tions of these Indians—and comes piecisely under
the spirit of that decision which has been twice
made m the Senate, under which the citizens of
Georgia and Alabama, claiming indemnity for
Creek depredations, were ruled off. They were
ruled off on the giound that they were private
claims.
Mr. HARLAN. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Virginia misapprehends the nature of
the claim. Tins is for services rendered by Che
troops, and supplies used by them in suppressing
these hostilities. It is an allowance made for
property destioyed,and for supplies furnished to .
the troops employed on that frontier. j
Mr. JONES. And sanctioned by the Secretary J
of War. |
Mr. IIARLAN. Yes, sir; as my colleague
says, it has been sanctioned by the Secretary of !
War. !
Mr. HUNTER. There is another objection.
There is no estimate from any Department for it. !
There is merely a letter of the chief clerk. I am j
not prepaied to say—I do not know—whether the :
claim is just or not; but it does not come here j
under the recommendation of any Department. 1
Mr. IVERSON. I think I heard the Senator
from Virginia mention the Creek claims, and say j
they had been ruled out by the Senate on a point
of order; the Senator is mistaken. 1 do not want ;
him to foreclose that question by a snap judgment .
in this way, because that will come up dnectly,
and I am piepared to show that itis not excluded ;
by the 30th rule, and the Senate has never decided ;
that question. The Senator is mistaken about it. I
Mr. RICE. I thm#c 1 am posted on tins subject. 1
At the tune of the outbreak m Minnesota and '
Iowa, of the bund of Indians known as Ink-pa-
du-tail's band, the Suites of Minnesota and [owa '
called out troops to suppress the difficulty. Last
session the superintendent sent here an estimate
of the amount ofcxpenditure incunod by the two
States. That estimate was ^20,000. The Secre- ;
tary of the Interior approved of u, and an appro-
priation of that amount was made. Soon after the
appropriation was made it was ascertained that
it was not sufficient; that it did not cover about
five thousand dollars which had been incurred
by the State of Iowa. That amount of indebted-
ness was incurred by that State; was certified to
by the Department; sent back to the superintend-
ent of Indian affairs, who inquired about it and
ascertained it to be correct; and this appropria-
tion is merely to carry out the law of the last
session. It is not for deprecations, but merely to
reimburse money to the States that advanced it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment,
moved by the Senator from Arkansas, from the
Committee on Indian Affairs; which will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
To refund the amount advanced by the' States of Iowa
and Minnesota for supplies furnished to the United States
troops, who weie employed to suagress tfie hostilities of
Ink-pa-du-tah and his band of Indials, $5,114.91.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The next amendment is
to insert, as an additional section:
•And be it further enacted, That the President of the Uni-
ted States be, and lie is hereby, authoiized and required to
cause to be Miiveyed, and the boundaries thereof perma-
nently marked, the tract or tracts of land lying on or near
the Gila river, in the Temtory of Arizona or New Mexico,
now occupied by the confederated bands ofPimosand Mari-
copas Indians; and the sum of dollars is hereby ap-
piopuated to defray the expenses of ihe said survey.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know what
is the object of those surveys ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will state very briefly.
It simply proposes to secure a small reservation
upon the same principle and on the same basis
upon which reservations have been secured to
other small tribes of Indians. This small con-
federated band of Pimos and Maricopas are living
upon the banks of the Gila river, and right upon
the great pathway of southern emigration to Cal-
ifornia—a small band of Indians, who, by their
past history and relations to the United States,
are of very great interest to us. They have made
it their boast that they have never warred upon
the white man; or, to use their own figurative
language, that they have not yet learned the color
of the white man's blood. In the late war be-
tween Mexico and the United States, they were
the friends and allies of the United States, and
refused to join the Mexicans in their attempt to
cut off Colonel Cooke's march through that coun-
try. They have always supplied our overland
emigrants and our troops with provisions; havo
often assisted our emigrants in recovering prop-
erty captured from them. They live in small
vjliases, and cultivate their fields by means of
irrigation, and have been there probably for a
century. They are the hereditary enemies of the
Apaches, make continual war on them,and are a
kind of wall now against the incursions of the
Apaches on all that country.
The United States heretofore have, through
their agents, made these Indians promises of help
in the way of agricultural implements, &c. They
complain very bitterly of the violation of those
promises. This amendment, and others by which
it will bo followed, propose to survey off a small
reservation which shall embrace their villages,
without any provision at all for the subdivision
of the land among the heads of families, and to
make them a small present in the way of agricul-
tural implements, and household cooking uten-
sils, &c., such as are suited to their plain wants
and primitive habits. They are local in their
habits, they are agricultural, they have fine fields
which they cultivate by means of irrigation. Such
people, with such habits and such interesting re-
lations to us, ought not to be put on the footing
of the wild Indians, nor treated as such. Itis but
ordinary justice to secure them the homes on
which they reside, and this amendment proposes
to £o no further. It is recommended by the De-
pai fment.
The facts which 1 have related are gathered
from the brief and very satisfactory report of the
special agent of the Indian department, who was
sent out to make a report on the condition of
those Indians and those in California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair would suggest to the Senator from
Aikansas that, before the question be taken on
the amendment moved by him from the commit-
tee, it would be necessary to fill a blank.
