1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Stanton.
Ho. of Reps.
follow the lead of the Secretary greatly prepon-
derate; and but for the stentorian voices from the
outside sinners in the gallery, the feeble voices
of the few followers of the Executive must
speedily be drowned and silenced. But with this
timely aid, the contcst is close enough to be in-
teresting, and the result doubtful.
But is not the Democratic church in a melan-
choly condition, when its pastor is compelled to
go out into the highways and byways, and
gather up the sinful multitude without, to aid him
in maintaining the doctrines and enforcing the
discipline of the church ? It seems to me, sir, that
these are unmistakable signs of its speedy disso-
lution and overthrow. These external manifesta-
tions of discord do not proceed from difference of
opinion in non-essentials; but they go to the funda-
mental articles of the Democratic creed, and show
that heresy and schism have made fearful rav-
ages amongst the once faithful followers of the
Democratic church.
Let us compare the views of the President and
Secretary of the Treasury, and see how far they
can be reconciled; or whether they are not, in
fact, irreconcilably antagonistic and hostile.
The President, in his annual message, says:
" In regard to the mode of assessing and collecting duties
under a strictly revenue tariff, I have long entertained, and
often expressed, the opinion, that sound policy required
this should be done by specific duties in ca^es to whicli
these can be properly applied.
''They are well adapted to commodities which are usu-
ally sold by weight or by mea&ure ; and which, from their
nature, are of equal, or nearly equal, value."
The President argued atsome length in support
of this proposition. It is true that he winds up
the argument with the declaration, that these
* *f suggestions" are u the fruit of " his " own ob-
servations," to which Congress is invited togive
4t such weight as they may justly deserve." No |
test of party fealty is to be made upon conformity !
with the President's views upon this question, i
Itamounts merely to a dispensation to the Democ- '
racy of Pennsylvania to sustain the inteiests of
their State without incurring the pains and pen-
alties of heresy.
The Secretary of the Treasury says, in hi<* an-
nual report, in reference to the mudificatiwi of
the tariff with a view to increase the revenue, that
*4 the remedy proposed is either a home valuation,
or specific duties." He then argues at much
length against any change, and m favor of ad va-
lorem duties upon a foreign valuation. But this
is not the worst of the Secretary's heresies. He
proposes, in levying duties for revenue, to dis-
criminate against protection.
He says that the largest amount of revenue
can be most equally raised by " taxing, in prefer-
ence to others, such articles as are not produced
in this country; and, among articles produced
here, those m which the home product bears the
least proportion to the quantity imported."
i propose, for the hour that is allotted me by
our rules, to examine this question of ad valorem
and specific duties.
There is no necessity, in the existing condition
of the Treasury, and of the receipts and expendi- j
lures of the Government, for discussing the ques- j
don of " protection for the sake of protection,"1
which has, in former times, been so thoroughly
discussed. In all our past legislation, wc have
uniformly recognized the principle of discriminat-
ing, in the adjustment of revenue tariffs, for the
protection of our own industry. No party in the
country has ever committed itself against discrim-
inations for the purpose of protection. And a tariff
that will meet the exigencies of the Treasury with
judicious discriminations, will afford all the pro-
tection which is necessary or desirable for the
various industrial interests of the country.
The main question for consideration, therefore,
aside from the details of a tariff, is, whether spe-
cific or ad valorem duties shall be adopted. And
upon this question, very unexpectedly, and, i be-
lieve, for the first time in my life, I find myself
sustaining the opinions of the present Piesident
of the United States. Specific duties are prefer-
able to ad valorem, for the purposes of revenue as
well as protection. In levying duties for revenue,
one of the leading objects to be obtained is sta-
bility—uniformity in the amount of revenue to be
derived from them. And it is especially desirable
to guard, as far as possible, against the fluctua-
tions of trade and commerce; to avoid the accu-
mulation of a surplus in times of general prosper-
ity and great commercial activity, or a deficiency
in times of depression and stagnation in trade and
commerce.
But no invention could be devised better calcu-
lated to aggravate these very evils, than ad valorem
duties. When times are prosperous, and trade and
commerce flourishing, the quantity of imports is
always greatest, and the prices highest. Hence
the revenues are increased by the increase of the
price, ps well as the quantity of imports. So, on
the other hand, when trade and commerce, are
depressed, the revenue is diminished by the fall-
ing off in the amount of imports, as well as the
reduction of the amount of duties upon what is
imported. To see how it operates, take the arti-
cle of rolled iron imported from England to the
United States in 1852 and 1853. In 1852 we im-
ported 5,060,036 cwt., at $7,300,216; or $1 44
per cwt. In 1853 we imported 7,202,558 cwt., at
$14,522,186; or $2 per cwt. Under the tariff of
1846 this iron paid a duty of thirty per cent, ad
valorem, making an aggregate of $2,190,064, of
duties paid in 1852; and $4,356,655, in 1853, upon
these importations.
But it will be seen that in 1852, when the iron
cost §1 44 per cwt., the duty, at thirty per cent.,
amounted to forty-three and one fifth cents; while
in 1853, when it cost two dollars per cwt., the
duty was sixty cents per cwt.
A specific duty of fifty cents per cwt. would,
at these prices, have been about equal to an ad
valorem duty of thirty per cent. Now, if we had
had a specific duty of fifty cents per cwt. in 1852,
when the importation was small, we should have
added $344,082 to the revenue for that year; and
in 1 *53, when the importation was excessive, we
should have reduced it $725,376.
Take the importation of brown sugar for the
years ending June 30, 1857, and June 30, 1858;
and we find that there was imported, in 1857,
774,931,815 pounds, which cost$42,614,604, being
five and a half cents per pound, which paid a duty
of thirty per cent.; making $12,784,381 of duties
paid into the Treasury.
In 1858, the import of the same article was
517,228,624 pounds, which cost $23,317,435,
being four and a half cents per pound, upon which,
at thirty per cent., the duties would amount to
$6,995,230.
An ad valorem duty of thirty per cent, on sugar,
at five arid a half cents per pound, is equal to a
specific duty of one cent and six and a half mills
per pound, or $1 65 per one hundred pounds.
A like duty on sugar, at four and a half cents
per pound, is equal to a specific duty of one cent
and three and a half mills per pound, or $1 35 per
one hundred pounds. The mean price for the two
years would be five cents per pound, an ad valorem
duty of thirty per cent, upon which would be
one cent and five mills per pound, which would
be equal to a specific duty of one and a half cent
per pound, or $1 50 per hundred pounds.
If, in lieu of the thirty per cent, ad valorem, its
equivalent in the shape of a specific duty of one
and a half cent per pound had been levied on the
sugar imported for these two years, the result
would have been that in the year 1857, when
the Treasury was overflowing, and Congress was
taxing its ingenuity to the utmost to find some
means of depleting it, the duties on this article
alone would have been reduced $2,160,404; leav-
ing but $10,623,977 for duties on brown sugai,
instead of $12,784,381. And in 1858, when wc
were borrowing at the rate of more than $30,000,000
a year for market money, it would have added
$763,202 to the revenue, and given us $7,758,432
instead of $6,995,230, for duties on this single
article. If this article is a fair test of the effect of
specific and ad valorem duties upon the revenue,
it is easy to see what its effect must have been
on the whole revenue for these two years.
The revenue arising from customs, for the year
ending June 30, 1857, was $63,876,003. For 1858
it was $41,789,619.
The ad valorem duty of thirty per cent, on sugar,
at five and a half cents, in 1857, was eoual to
$1 65 per one hundred pounds, and just fifteen
cents more than the mean rate of $1 50 for the
two years; and at four an$ a half cents it was
equal to $1 35, fifteen ce^ts less than the wean
rate. Fifteen cents is just ten per cent, upon
$1 50, which is the mearirate of duty. In 1857,
therefore, there was ten per cent, more jCoUegtgtsl
than would have been under a specific duty .equal
to the mean rate for the two years. Ten: pgr
cent, upon$63,876,003is$6,387,600, which wou'14
leavehut $57,488,403; and to that'extent relieve
the Treasury of the surplus .with'whi.ch it..was
burdened, in 1858 there Was ten per cent; less
collected than there would have been by a specific
duty at the mean rates, which would amount to
$4,178,961, and would have swelled the revenue
from customs to $45,968,580.
f am aware that the duty on sugar was reduced
to twenty-four per cent, ad valorem by the tariff
of 1857, and that the actual results were not pre-
cisely as I have stated them. -But this illustra-
tion tests the principle, and shows precisely what
must be the result in the absence of any change
in the rate of duties. r
If it had been the object of the framers of .the
tariff of 1846 to frame a law that would create the
greatest fluctuation in the revenue from imposts,
and to create the greatest possible embarrassments
to the Treasury, they could not have devteed a
plan that would more certainly have accomplished
that object. It is a sliding scale against uniformity
in the revenue as wellas against-protection. And
I greatly fear that this latter feature is what com-
mends ad valorem duties so strongly to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury and to his followers in this
House. Let me illustrate for a moment its oper-
ation on our manufactures.
Suppose railroad iron may be manufactured in
Birmingham, England, and brought to New York
at forty dollars per ton, and that it may be man-
ufactured in Pennsylvaniaat fifty dollars per ton.
By a duty of twenty-five per cent., which is equal
to ten dollars per ton, you put the foreign and
domestic manufacturer upon an equal footing,
and enable them to go into the American market
in competition, so long as the cost of prodtiction re-
mains the same. But if the foreign cost should be
raised to forty-five dollars, the duty goes up to
$11 25, when the domestic manufacturer only
needs a duty of five dollars per ton to afford him
adequate protection. But suppose the cost of the
foreign article goes down to thirty-five dollars,
the duty goes down to $8 75, and it can be sold,
after paying the duty, at$43 75; and consequently
the American manufacturer is driven from the
market. When he has the least need of protec-
tion, the duty is the highest; and when he has
most need of it, the duty is the lowest. It is this
instability which characterizes ad valorem duties,
rather than the inadequacy of the amount, which
makes our present policy so utterly ruinous to
domestic producers.
But there is another evil which attends ad va-
lorem duties that is more disastrous to the reve-
nue, as well as to domestic producers, than the
one to which I have alluded. That is, the frauds
that are practiced by undervaluation at our cus-
tom-houses. This system renders it necessary
for us to have at our custom-houses an army of
appraisers, whose salaries, by the way, amount
to about $120,000. They are required to ascer-
tain the value of imports by taking the market
value at the place from which they are imported,
with the cost of shipping at the foreign port. Or-
dinarily the appraiser has no means of ascertain-
ing the value of the imported goods in the foreign
market, except the invoice furnished by the im-
porter an-d verified by his oath.
" Custom-house oaths" have long since passed
into a proverb, as the most utterly worthless and
unreliable of any kind of evidence. It has been
a standing matter of complaint for many years,
that the revenue was largely defrauded by false
invoices and the grossest under valuations. It is
now said to have been carried to such an extent,
that honest men—men of character and standing—
have been driven from the business, and that the
import trade of this country has fallen almost ex-
clusively into the hands of unprincipled men, who
make no scruple of taking any oath or practising
any frauds that will enable them to avoid, to the
greatest extent, the payment of duties. Although
it has, for many years, been generally admitted
that very gross frauds have been practiced by un-
dervaluations at our custom-houses, I have seen
no effort to ascertain the precise extent of the evil.
