1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
741
distinctly, that that provision of 1855 directs the
Secretary of the Interior to ascertain the amounts
du« tinder the report of certain commissioners
there named, and " pay the same." Of course
he had all these matters before him; he investi-
gated them, and he did not pay the claimants.
Now, if you wish merely to give authority under
that provison, why not reenact it exactly in the
termfe in which it stands on the statute-book?
You have introduced,, other names here, and it
would seem to me as ifitwasto cover other things.
I do not understand it.
Mr. CLJJNTGMAN. All that I desire is, that
that provision be reenacted, with an appropriation
of money to enable the claims to be paid.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Maine
is laboring under so obvious a misapprehension
that it is probably necessary to repeat what I said
in my first argument. It is very easy to account
for the fact that the last amendment isnotdrawn
in such a form as to be a precise copy of the first.
As I tell the Senator very frankly, it applies to a
class of cases that that law did not reach; but its
principle did. The difference was precisely this:
the class of cases lo which tlie Senator from North
Carolina has adverted, was a class where the light
had been determined by the board of commission-
ers, and an order of valuation made, and the com-
missioners had returned the valuations; but a reg-
ular award by the commissioners had not been
made. In some cases there were blanks and they
were authorized to be filled. Now, this other class
of cases embraces those where the commissioners
ordered valuations to be made, determined that a
party had a right to a valuation; but the commis-
sion expired befoie the boaid of assessois made
any return. The evidence is here; but they made
out no final return. Thatgocs,of course, one step
beyond the last act; but stands on the same prin-
ciple. An amendment winch would have ser-
vilely copied the law of 1854 and 1855 would have
been wholly unnecessary to this case for the most
obvious reason in the world.
Mr. JFESSENDEN. Then I would like to
know what existing law there is to cover this
ease, which saves the amendment from the oper-
ation of the ruk > If that law docs nut cover it,
it is cleaily a proposition to put in a new claim,
which is not coveied by the law as it stands,
and wop.M be subject to the objection that it does
not come within the rule, and is therefore not ad-
missible.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I think the law of 1855
do<is cover the case. |
Mr. FES3E?\D1£N. That is not the ground ;
taken by the Senator from Arkansas. ;
Mr. CLINGM AN. It provides: "That the :
Secretary of the Interior be further directed to fill
the blanks in such awai as are on his files, with
such amounts respectively as may be established
by proofs, and pay the same." This covers ex- ,
v'ictly the case stakd by the Senator from Aikan- :
s.is; the awaids were made but the amount is not
•fixed, and he is dnecU'd by pi oof to ascertain
and pay the same,and to fill th«* blinks, itcovers
exactly the cases refeu'ed to by the Senator from
Arkansas. If the amount had ben stated in the
awj.id there would ha\e been no blank; and of
eouise this clause would have been unnecessary.
I repeat, that 1 did not see this particular amend-
ment until it was presented, and I {nought the
attention of the commiUec to it. 1 supposed it
corresponded with the act of 1C55; and I ask that
it be read again.
The Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
Foi earn ma into efO-ct the twenfv fouith section of (he
eivii and diplomatic aitoi March i8 o, bv pawner r of
me claim- on Hi". onlei or] i > l>" <i by Me^si-. K,i!on
and HniiiHi . W.wninati'n and WrwHuconnTif^mnei* uudei
the Cheiokep to :uy of the -Mini ol (liD <0—
Air. CLING MAX. I see the variance is that
the one names the ''oniroissioners, and the other
the valuing agentr'. "Upton and Summey are
known to me. I know the tact th.it they were
the valuing agents of Eaton and llubiey, who
went out and \alued them. That is the only dif-
ference between the *Uvo. It is like naming a
judge in one paper, and the clerk and master or
somebody else to take an account i  another; but
It is'identicnliy the same case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I raise a question of or-
der, thaf the amendment does not come within any
existing law. A new law is necessary in order
to provide for the payment of the claim.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
Does the Chair understand the Senator to raise a
question of order on the admissibility of the
amendment ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the state-
ment made by the Senator from Arkansas, the
Chair must decide the amendment not to be in
order.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My understanding is dif-
ferent. I have had no conversation with the Sen-
ator from Arkansas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Arkansas states that this is a class of
claims, the amount of winch has never been as-
ceriamed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. My understanding was
altogether different.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Not ascertained, I said,
by the board of assessors—no return of the
amount.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That was the
understanding^ the Chair.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. An order was made by
the board of commissioners to assess them; but
befoie the duty was finally completed,as I under-
stand, the commission of the board of assessors
expired. 1 understand that the evidence is all on
file in the Department; but that a formal award
by the board of assessors never was completed;
and that in the execution of this law, it would be
necessary to revive, eo nomine, that commission,
who could adjudicate and ascertain the value of
these different claims by the testimony on file in
the office.
Mr. HUNTER. I understand there is no ap-
peal from #he decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is still
open to amendment.
Jj Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have one further amend-
:j mem, and I will cal! the attention of the Senator
: from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] to it. 1 presume it
j, is one which he will accept. In the terms of the
amendment which he offered, and which was
; adopted by a vote of the Senate on Monday even-
j; in , piovidmgfor the transfer of the Indian Office
| i fi om the Seci eiary of the Intel lor to the Wai De-
j: partmcnt, I observe that he fixed no time when
,! thai tiansfcr wan to operate, the consequence of
li which would bo that it would operate as soon as
i: the bill passed. Considerations of evident pro-
! | priety would make it necessary to limit the repeal
! of that act to the 80th of June next. The Secrc-
i! tary of the Interior has now the disbursement
11 of the revenues. 1 propose, therefore, after the
enacting clause of that amendment, to say that
!j " from and after the 30th day of June next" the
I proposed tiansfer shall be made.
j! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
j ni<*r>t may bo made by unanimous consent. ["No
:; object ion. "j
:i Mr. BELL. I have no objection to that.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
! ment will be made.
:i Mr. RICE. 1 am directed by the Committee
i on Indian Affairs to offer two nmennments. The
!, fiitot is to add to the first section:
; For rcnnhuiMog to Lorn-* lloberi^ the amount expended
hv hun m piii'dKi-iii" piovj-ion-. loi the >?iou\ Indian^, lo
■ irpl.u-i' nmiuitv prow-ions de fro\edbj tne m November,
vUG-' Procuk'Js That the S'-eietaiy ot the interior
-hall In xilMird lll.it the pi ice - i luti^d v, <•!<• jUM. ;uid that
ih<- p'nv'i-miw vino (ichveted foi the puipcr ol c.uryhig
out tin' pun i-ion-; of uti ( \ispm.f tte.iij ^tipulatimi.
Mr. HUNTER. I iaise a question of order.
It is a pnvate claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. From the
amendment itself, tho Chair would think it not
in ordei. Explanation may be made ot it, per-
J Ul j 'M.
Mr. RICE. There was a contract f>r trans-
porting provisions into the Sioux e.ountiy A
portion of tho provisions wen- d"Stroved by fire.
The contractor took them on board a steamboat
as far up the Minnesota ri\er a- that rivi r was
navigable, and theie placed them on die shore.
A poitmn of tlic provisions wcie destroyed by
fne. The testimony shows that every care was
taken tu [unserve them that could have been
taken. It w\s late in th,x month of November; the
I ndjans were assembled, and by the adv;ce of
the airent the contractor purchased the; supplies
'•harmed in his account, to enable the Government
to fulfill its treaty stipulations with that tribe of
• Indians. It is not uprivate claim, in my opinion.
It was money advanced to enable the agent to
carry out the provisions of a,treaty. The only
question of doubt about it is, in regard to kfee
amount of charge, whether the prices were rea-
sonable or not; and hence we propose to have it
go back to the Secretary of the Interior, to as-
certain that fact.
Mr. HUNTER. I submit to the Chair to de-
cide whether it is a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFCER. The Chair
thinks it is not admissible under the rules.
Mr. RICE. Well, sir, I have another amend-
ment; to add to the first section:
For paying the claims of William Wood, Josiah W. Stu-
art, and Adam 1*. Shegley, a sum not exceeding $S.67G 37,
it being for property taken and destroyed by Sioux 'Indians
under rnk-pa-du-tah, in March 1857: Provided, That Hie '
Scoretarj of the Intel ior shall first satisfy himself as to the
correctness ot the amounts due each of said claimants or
their le£?al representatives, and that the claims come within
the ptoviMoiib of the seventeenth section of an net entitled
k £ An act to regulate tiade and inteicom?e with tho Indian
tubes, and to preserve, peace on the frontieis," approved
June 30, 1834.
Mr. IIUNTER. I raise a question of order on
that. It is a private claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the amendment is not in order.
Mr. RICE. That claim ccitainly comes within
the seventeenth section of the act of 1834. This
band of Indians left their country; went into the
State of Minnesota; plundered these three fami-
lies; and they murdered two of the heads of the
families. It is proven that the Indians were in
amity with the United States. It is proven that
the depredations were committed; that the goods
were stolen; and the only question in doubt now
is, in regard to the prices charged. The men's
families that are left are women and children.
They live far on the frontieis. They have not the
means to prosecute the claim in any other way than
by petition to Congress. All they ask is that the
Secretary of the Interior shall satisfy himself of
the amount of the property destroyed before he
pays the claim. 1 take an appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, " Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate?"
The decision of the Chair was sustained; and
the amendment was ruled jut of order.
Mr. JONES. Is it in order now to move to
reconsider an amendment made on Monday? If
so, I move to reconsider the amendment offered
by the chairman of the Committee on Finance,
pioviding for striking out a section of the Indian
intercourse act, which provides the payment for
property destroyed by Indians.
Mr. HUNTER. I suggest to the Senator from
Iowa that the better way to accomplish his pur-
pose will be, when the bill is reported to the Sen-
ate to reserve that amendment, and to have a sep-
arate vote on it. The bill is now in Committee
of the Whole. It will soon be reported to the
Senate, with the various amendments. The Sen-
ator from Iowa can then except that one, and
have a separate vote upon it.
Mi. JONES. 1 think my proposition will be
more likely to pass now, than it will be when we
take the bill out of committee. It certainly will
stand a bettcrchance of passing now. The amend-
ment was made in committee, and I think that
is the proper place to reconsider it, and vote it
'(Mr! HUNTER. Will it not suit the Senator
to take the vote when we go into the Senate?
Mr. JONES. Very we'll. My friends say it
will be just as well; but I do not believe it. I
shall defer to them, however.
The In!! was lepoited to ihe Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendments made as m
committee of the whole.
Mr. JONES. Now, I wish that amendment
to be excepted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
reserved; and if there be no objection, the ques-
tion will be taken on the other amendments in
the aggiegare.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask to have another amend-
ment excepted from tins vote. It is the amend-
ment bv which the third section of the bill was
stricken out, as it came from the House of Rep-
resentatives.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will also be reserved. If there be no objec-
