742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
tion, the question will be taken on all the other
amendments in the aggregate.
xhe amendments were concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment which was ex-
cepted by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Jones,]
to insert'as an additional section:
An d be it further enacted, That so much of the act entitled
"An actio regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian
tribes and to preserve peace on the frontiers," approved ;
June 30,1834. as provides that the United States shall make j
indemnification ouiof the Tieasnryfor property taken or \
destroyed in certain cases, either by the Indians or by white i
men tre&passuigon the Indians ns described in the said act, \
be, and the same is heiehy, repealed: Provided, however,
That nothing herein contained shall be so construed as to
impair or destroy the obligation ot the Indians to make in-
demnification out of the annuities as prescribed in said act:
And provided further, That the President of the United
States may at his discretion indemnity the Indians out ot
the Tieasury, for Josses, in cases where the said act re-
quired them to be paid out of the Treasury.
Mr. JONES. I hope the Senate will reject
this amendment which was moved by the Sena-
tor from Virginia. If this provision be stricken
out, Congress may expect to have large sums of
money to expend in defending the western fron- j
tier from Indian wars and Indian incursions. The ;
people of the western country, unless this amend-
ment be rejected, will have to depend on their
own strong arms to defend their property from
the depredations of the Indians. When our cit-
izens on the western border know that there is a
law of Congress which provides that they arc to
be compensated for the destruction of their prop- j
erty, they do not resort to arms and to war, but j
depend on this law for reimbursement. My con- '
stttuents, by the band of Indians known as the
Ink-pa-du-tah's band, have suffered more, not only
in the destruction of their property, but m the
destruction of their persons and families, the de-
struction of life, and the hardships which they
had to encounter in consequence of the incursion
into our country by these Indians, than any peo-
ple, in my opinion, ever did in the same length !
of time in the western country, or any other por- ■
♦tion of the Union. My constituents were ordered !
by the Governor of the State to go to the relief of j
the section of the State near Spirit Lake, not ex- |
actlyin the midst of winter, but before the break- ;
ing up of winter, in February and March, an ex- ■
ceedmgly cold time, and they suffered immensely.
A great many of them lost their feet. Their hands '
and feet were frozen. They suffered so much as
to be compelled to roll themselves into the camp !
where their companions were. Some of them j
were carried on litters. If the people are not to I
f be protected by this wholesome law, the inter- ;
course act of 1834, they will have to depend upon j
themselves; they will have to resort to war'; there i
will be constant dread of war upon our western i
frontiers. I hope the Senate will not agree to this ;
amendment of the chairman of the Committee on ;
Finance. :
Mr. HUNTER. This is an amendment, not
of the chairman of the committee, but an amend- ,
ment of the Committee on Finance. It docs not !
act retrospectively; it does not relate to cases al-
ready existing; but applies only to the future; and
I said at the time that it was necessary to take
some action in reference to this subject, because
these claims are multiplying beyond all reason,
and because such was the extent of what is now
called Indian country, beyond what was origin-
ally intended bv the law of 1S34, that the law is ■
used as much for the purpose of insuring traders ■
who go into it, as for anything else. The lav/, as it
stands, may be applied to those poisons who are '
emigratjngarross the plains, for that is the Indian
country now. Under the terms of the law it may
be applied to trespasses committed on them, and
there is no telling what will be the end of it. I ]
think that generally the citizens of the States are :
not very scrupulousabout driving bad: and whip- 1
ping off Indians when they trespass on them. It
would be far better to leave that power with them,
if they did not already exercise it, than to subject
the Treasury to such liabilities as it will be *ub- '
jected to if the sixteenth and seventeenth sections
of the intercourse act be allowed to remain. I
know that thisisihe opinion of the Commissioner ,
of Indian Affairs.- I know that already the cases :
are accumulating, &nd such cases as I think even 1
the Senator from Iowa.-would agree ought not to i
be paid out of the Treasury of the United States. ;
I regard this section as being mommportant than '
everything else upon bithell, for the purpose of
saving the Treasury of the United States from
improper demands; and from demands to such an
amount that in the end it would be hardly able to
meet them.
Mr. JONES. I think there is no provision m
any law that has agreater tendency to keep peace
on the frontier titan the very section that the
Committee on Finance propose to strike out.
Under the present law, the settlers know that, if
they molest the Indians in the slightest degree,
they can have no relief, and the Indians know
that, if they commit depredations on the proper-
ty of the white people, they are liable to pay for
them out of their annuities.
Mr. HUNTER. We leave in force all that por-
tion of the law which provides that the Indians
shall pay out of their annuities. We only repeal
that portion which makes the Treasury liable.
Mr. JONES. I know th*t; but the settlers
cannot tell whether the particular Indians who
commit depredations belong to a tribe that re-
ceives annuities or not. A few years ago the In-
dians within the bounds of the State of Iowa
robbfcd two surveyors of the public lands, my
deputies, of their horses, their provisions, their
blankets; in fact, everything they had was taken
from them by the Indians. ,
Mr. RICE. I should like to ask the Senator
whether those surveyors have ever been reim-
bursed by the Government r
Mr. JONES. Yes, sir; under this very law.
Mr. RICE. It is the first case of the kind I
have heard of in the Northwest.
Mr. JONES. Repeal this law, and there will
be no provision for them; the settler^ knowing
that there is no law providing for them, will re-
sort to arms for retaliation, and Indian wars will
prevail. Repeal this law, and you induce the
settlers to resort to the lex laliunis.
Mr. IIARLAN. It seems tome that the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance ought not to
insist on the adoption of this amendment. It is
introducing very important legislation on an ap
propriationbill—a principle which he has opposed,
ever since I have had the honor of a seat here,
more strenuously, I think, than any other mem-
ber of this body. He proposes to reverse the en-
tire policy of this Government towards the Indian
tribes by an amendment to an appropriation bill;
and the amendment certainly is subject to the ob-
i jeetion suggested by my colleague. It will deprive
; 'the citizens of the frontier States of any redress
I whatever for the losses they may sustain by In-
! dian depredations, unless they secure that redress
by the strength of their own arms. You hold out
an inducement to them, therefore, to steal from
the Indians, if the Indians steal from them—a
policy which has been repudiated by the Govern-
ment ever since 1831.
Now, it may be that the act of 1834 is subject
! to some objections which have been suggested by
| the chairman ofthe committee. The laws on this
subject, perhaps, ought to be revised ; but it seems
j to me the object proposed by the Senator may be
| attained, and at the same time preserve the rights
I of the citizens of the frontier States to the indem-
: nity which is secured under the law which he
proposes to repeal. I know there are those in the
frontier States who would be willing for the Gov-
ernment to repeal this law, and throw the doors
open for a redress of their own grievances, by the
use of their own arms. They could indemnify
themselves by reprisals; buttlus, asliasbeen sug-
j gestcd by my colleague, will certainly bring on
! the fiontjor States Indian wars, which this Gov-
I crmm-nt will be under obligations to repel; and at
| a greater loss, and greater expense to the Treas-
| ury of the United States, than will be the small
1 amounts which will be required to indemnify the
! people for these losses. It seems to me that the
i poncy suggested by the chairman of the Commit-
j tec on Finance, in proposing to repeal this law, is
, wrong.
! Mr, FESSENDEN. One remark made by the
: Senator from Iowa induces me to call the atten-
1 tion of the Senate to one fact. He says that this
j is introducing important legislation on an appro-
| priation bill. Well, sir, we did it purposely, so
! far as I am concerned, and the subject was men-
! tioned in committee. It has been said here in the
j Senate, that those of us who are members of the
! Finance Committee are not in the habit of doing
! our duty; that we allow appropriations to be made,
and do not look at the laws to see where improve-
ments are needed, and where leaks in the Treas-
ury can be stopped. That has been the argument
on appropriation bills. It has been argued here,
that it is our duty to do so, and an attempt has
been made—I do not know what has become of
it—to impose the necessity on the Committee on
Finance, by resolution, to look into these matters
and introduce a system of reform. We thought
we would begin in a small way in two or three
places, and see how the Senate would like it. We
anticipated that the moment we got into the Sen-
ate with anything that looked like general legis-
lation on the appropriation bills, we should be
attacked in precisely this way for attaching gen-
eral legislation to the appropriation bills; but mem-
bers of the Senate had been attacking the Com-
mittee on Finance for not doing their duty in re-
lation to these matters.
Now, what shall we do? Perhaps it is not
competent; it has been said before that it was not;
but here is about the first instance; here is the re-
ply made to the movement instituted a while ago
in the Senate to place this whole matter under the
charge of the Committee on Finance, and ordgr
them to do what they could do in reference to
these things. Let us have it one way or the other.
I was content with our condition as it stood b.e-
fore, and that was to examine the appropriation
bills and see how far the appropriations proposed
were justified or called for by existing laws. I was
willing to go further. When the appropriation
bills come before us, if we find that appropria-
tions are callcd for, or are not called for, but there
is a proper opportunity in an appropriation bill
to correct a defect in the laws, it is just as well
that the Committee on Finance should undertake
to correct it then and there; and I am willing to
: take my share of the responsibility of doing it.
Now, sir, as to this particular amendment, I
i believe it to be necessary. I voted for it tn com-
! mittee, and I am willing to sustain it here, for
the reasons stated by my friend, the chairman of
the committee. I will state, further, that I doubt
very much whether the Treasury of the United
States can stand this thing a great while longer,
with others that it has to meet, in the present
condition of affairs with reference to'the Indians
and settlers. I think something ought to be done
by legislation; or, at any rate, that inducements
ought not to be held out by legislation for every-
body who has a disposition to push into the wil-
derness, and among the Indian tribes, and expose
himself to all manner of depredations m the pur-
suit of his business or fancy, and the United
States Government be considered as the guaran-
j tors of all losses. Sir, people will not meet with
j any loss if they keep within the bounds of civili-
1 zatiosi, if they stay anywhere within a reasona-
; ble distance of settlements, as a general rule; and
| 1 am doubtful really whether it would not be
cheaper for the United States to have these peo-
ple do their own fighting, and protect themselves-,
if they are really attacked, than it would be to
meet all the claims which will come upon us un-
der the intercourse law from all sections of the
Wrest, and everybody that goes West, to pay for
Indian depredations.
The amendment, as I understand it, leaves the
annuities ofthe Indians subject to the operation
of this law as it was before. It only strikes off
the guarantee of the United States, that every-
thing shall be paid in a certain event; and which
guarantee operates, in fact,"as an inducement to the
people to put their property at hazard and them-
selves at hazard, m my judgment, and then come
before us with the almost utter impossibility of
our meeting claims of this description, when they
are brought forward, by any kind of evidence,
because testimony is not within our reach. I
believe the amendment will not work any harm.
1 do not feel disposed to follow up and repeat
the arguments of the chairman. I believed in
committee, I believe now, it will do no injury to
the hohest settler in point of fact, and save the
United States Treasury millions of dollars; for I
believe it will amount to millions every year in
the present extended condition of our relations
with the Indians.
Mr. FITCH. I perfectly concur with the Sena-
tors from Iowa, in the propriety of non-concurring
in this amendment. No gentleman can be as famil-
iar with the Indian frontier as some of us have
perhaps unfortunately been since an early period of
