1-22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 12,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Admission of Oregon—Mr. Stephens.
Ho. of Reps.
in the ordinance for the government of said Territory, on
the 13th day of July, 1787, and shall be subject to alt the
conditions, restrictions, and prohibitions, in said articles of
compact imposed upon the people of said Territory."—
Statutes at Large, volume 9, page 329.
And what were those rights and privileges guar-
antied to the people in the Northwest Territory
hereby secured and guarantied to the people of
Oregon ? Here they are:
" And. whenever any of the said States shall have sixty
thousand fiee inhabitants therein, such State shall be ad-
mitted by us Delegates into the Congress of the United
States on an equal footing with the original States, in nil
respects whatsoever ; and shall beat liberty to foun a per-
manent constitution and State government: Prouded, The
constitution and government so to be formed slml! be re-
publican, and in conformity to the principles contained in
these at tides; and so far as it can be consistent with tin*
general interests of the Confederacy, such admission shall
be allowed at an earlier period, and when there may be a
less number of free inhabitants in the State than sixty
thousand."—Fijlh Article Ordinance 1787, Statutes at
Large, volume 1, page 53.
No such guarantee as this was ever given to
the people of the Territory of Kansas; if theie
h$d l>een, that representative-iatio feature could
not have been put in the confcrcncc bill without
a violation of plighted faith. And is there any
inconsistency on this side of the House in adopt-
ing the representative-ratio principle, wherever it
can be done, and still maintaining good faith
where previous obligations prevent? Oregon is
the only Territory to which this previous obli-
gation to admit with sixty thousand inhabitants
applies. Hers must be an exceptional case in
any general rule that it may be deemed advisable
to adopt for all the other Territories for the fu-
ture. Kansas stands in a position to take her
place with ail the others, except Oregon, without
any just cause of complaint. Whether such gen-
eral rule be wise and proper, is not now the ques-
tion; nor whether its application to Kansas at the
last session was right or wrong; the question be-
fore us at this time, is simply whether we will
discharge an existing obligation ?
The gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Zolli-
coi fc iiR,] who made one of the minority reports,
argues that the compact of 1787, extended to
Oregon by act of 1848, was not in the nature of
an engagement with the people of a Territory, but
with a State. The language, he says, is, " when-
ever any of said States, "&c. Mr. Speaker, what
makes a State? is it boundary? is it limits? is
it rivcrsMs it parallels of latitude? Sir, people
make Stales. His aigument, to my mind, has
no force. The Territory was defined, and the
compact entered into with the people, with the
inhabitants; and that compact was, that as soon
as they had sixty thousand free inhabitants, they
were to be entitled to admission as a State; and
further, so far as it can be consistent with the
general interest, such admission shall be allowed
with a less number than sixty thousand inhabit-
ants. There is no escape from this; nor are we
without some lights as to a proper construction
of these words. It is the same identical guar-
antee that was extended to Tennessee in 1790;
and how was this language interpreted by those
who made the compact? How was it construed
by the great lights of the old Republican parly ?
This identical question came up on the admission
of Tennessee, the gentleman's own State.
The debate on that question was referred to
yesterday. There is no dodging the question—
no evading it. The question here, so far as pop-
ulation is concerned, is the same as that on the
admission of Tennessee. The only fact in issue
now before us, is the fact that was in issue
then. It is not whether the proposed State has
ninety thousand or one hundred thousand, but
simply whether it lias sixty thousand inhabit-
ants. I will not go over the argument to show
that it has. I am satisfied that there are over
sixty thousand inhabitants in Oregon. I am well
satisfied, from the evidence I cited the other
day, that there are over one hundred thousand.
There were forty-three thousand and upwards in
1^55, as shown by an impel feet census. Five
years before there were only ten thousand. In five
years they had increased four-fold. With a pro-
portionate increase there would be now one hun-
dred and thirty thousand and upwards. But even
suppose the increase has been partially retarded:
the other evidence shows there must be over
one hundred thousand. The official report shows
personal property to the amount of §22,000,000.
Suppose the people of Oregon to be worth $200
per capita of personal property—which is more
than any State in the Union: there would be one
hundred and ten thousand inhabitants. I think
the per capita estimate of personal property at
$200 is too high for Oregon. In Georgia, where
the wealth per capita is greater, as I showed the
other day, than in any other State in the Union,
it is, including real and personal estate together,
$534 for the entire population. The average in
the United States is something over $350. Place
it at $150 in Oregon for personal property alone,
(for they own no real estate there—no land pat-
ents have yet issued) and the population will be
over one hundred and thirty thousand. These
facts satisfy me that there are more than one hun-
dred thousand people there. No man can doubt,
it seems to me, that there are over sixty thou-
sand; and that is the question.
Then, sir, in the debate referred to on the ad-
mission of Tennessee, what said Mr. Madison
on that point ?
"The fact of population was the only noces«arv one;
and would gentlemen be satisfied with no other method of
ascertaining it but such as they themselves should direct:"
He went on:
" If there were the stipulated number of inhabitants, that
Territoi y could nor be denied its claim of becoming a State
of the Union without u violation of lights."
Again, he says that—
l< lie himself hai no doubt on the subject; the evidence
was sufficient and satisfactory."
And again lie said:
" 13ut he thought, wheie theie was a doubt, Congress
ought to lean tmvanls a decision winch would give equal
rights to eveiy part of the American people."
He said there was no doubt on his mind that
there were sixty thousand people there; and that,
under the compact, they were bound, from all
the facts he could gather, to admit the State.
How can gentlemen escape that? Mr. Macon,
a gentleman who occupied a high position in the
Republican party of that day — not the party of
modern Republicans, but of good old Republicans
of the JefVersonmn school — one of the shining
lights of the House, whose name will go down
to history and live as long as the names of the
founders of the Republic, said:
"The question before the committee was on admitting
the Territory to he a State in the Union There appeared
to him only two things as neccssaiy to be inquiied into.
First, was the new government republican ? It appeared to
bun to be so. Second, were there sixty thousand inhabit-
ants in the Territory? It appeared to him theie were ; and
if so, their admi^ion as a State should not be considered as
a gitt, but as a right."
Again, Mr. Gallatin said he—
" Was of opinion that the people of the southwestern ter-
ritory beeamt; ipso Jacto a State the moment they amounted
to sixty thousand free inhabitants; and that it became the
duty of Congress, as part of the onmnal compact, to leeog
mze them as such, and to admit them into the Union, when-
ever they had satisfactory pjool <>f the tact "
I cannot dwell on this branch of the subject. It
is no question of ninety-three thousand here. It
is no question of what is the ratio in other Terri-
tories. It is no question of Kansas discrimina-
tion. It is the simple, naked question of fulfill-
ing obligations. That is the whole of it. 1 have
no doubt that she has sixty thousand; and every
man upon this floor so believing, according to
this authority, is bound to Vote for her admis-
sion. Will you do it ?
But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton]
complains of the constitution of Oregon. He
complains of that article which denies political
equality to the African race; to that part which ex-
cludes negroes from voting; which prevents them
from exercising the rights of citizenship; espe-
cially that which denies them the right to main-
tain an action in their courts. The Topekacon-
stitution of Kansas, which that gentleman favored
in 1856, excluded free negroes entirely from the
Territory of Kansas.
Mr. GROW. I will correct the gentleman.
The Topeka constitution did not exclude free
negroes from Kansas; hut the question was sub-
mitted to the people, as instructions to the Legis-
lature, to pass an act of that character.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. And a large
majority of the gentleman's friends who adopted
thf constitution voted to give the instructions.
Mr. GROW. I make no point upon that.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. And those who
profess to be the exclusive friends of negroes, as
they now do, so far as that constitution was con-
cerned, voted to banish them forever from the
State, just as Oregon has done. Whether this
banishment be right or wrong, it is no worse in
Oregon than it was in Kansas. But, on the score
of humanity, we of the South do not believe that
those who, in Kansas or Oregon, banish this race
from their limits, are better friends of the negro
than we are, who assign them that place among
! us to which by nature they are fitted, and in which
' they add so much more to their own happiness
and comfort, besides to the common well-being
of all. Wo give them a reception. We give them
shelter. We clothe them. We feed them. We
provide for their every want, in health and in sick-
ness, in infancy and old age. We teach them to
work. We educate them in the arts of civiliza-
tion and the virtues of Christianity, much more
effectually and successfully than you can ever do
on the coasts of Africa. And, without any cost
to the public, we render them useful to themselves
and to the world. The first lesson in civilization
and Christianity to be taught to the barbarous
tribes, wherever to be found, is the first great
curse against the human family—that in the sweat
of their face they shall eat their bread. Under our
system, our tuition, our guardianship and foster-
ing care, these people, exciting so much mis-
placed philanthropy, have attained a higher de-
gree of civilization than their race has attained
anywhere else upon the face of the earth. The
Topeka people excluded them; they, like the
neighbors we read of, went round them; we, like
the good Samaritans, shun not their destitution
or degradation—we alleviate both. But let that
go.
Oregon has, in this matter, done no worse than
the gentleman's friends did in Kansas. 1 think
she acted unwisely in it—that is her business, not
mine. But the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stan-
ton] questions me, how could a negro in Oregon
ever get his freedom under the constitution they
have adopted? I tell him, under their constitution
a slave cannot exist there. The fundamental law
is against it. JBut, he asks, how could his free-
dom ever be established, as no free person of color
can sue in her courts ? Neither can they in Geor-
gia; still our courts are open to this class of peo-
ple, who appear by prochein ami or guardian.
Nor is there any great hardship in this; for mar-
ried women cannot sue in their own names any-
where where the common law prevails. Minors
also have to sue by guardian or next friend. We
have suits continually in our tribunals by persons
claiming to be free persons of color. They can-
not sue in their own names, but by next friend.
They are not citizens; we do not recognize them
as such; but still the courts are open; and just
so will they be in Oregon, if the question is ever
raised.
Mr. REAGAN. By the laws of Texas free
negroes aro prohibited from residing in that State,
; and hence have no right to sue in her courts; and
yet the courts there have entertained jurisdiction
of suits for the liberation of free negroes, and I
have assisted m the prosecution of such.suits, in
which they were declared free under writs of
i habeas corpus.
j Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I understand
1 the gentleman to say that the constitution of Texas
! is similar to this, and yet that her courts are
j opened just as I stated in reference to Georgia;
; and that he himself has assisted free negroes in
j the courts of Texas to obtain their rights. There
! can be no difficulty upon that score. Let me say
i to gentlemen on the other side of the House, not
■ to lay the flattering unction to their souls that
i they can escape by such a pretext as that,
i But it was intimated by the gentleman from
| Ohio, that last year we voted to admit Kansas as
j a slave State with a view of getting two Demo-
| cratic Senators, and that our object is the same
i now in regard to Oregon. Sir, in this he is mis-
! taken. We stood then, as now, upon principle.
' Had Kansas been admitted under the Lecompton
constitution, all of us knew that the probabilities
were, that two Republican Senators would have
been elected. Nor was the large Democratic vote
in the Senate, soon after, upon this bill for the ad-
mission of Oregon, based upon any such idea as
