744
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February
Mr. HOWARD. X would suggest some other
coiftmittee. The Committee of Ways and Means
cannot ipke jurisdiction unless the building is al-
ready in process of erection. I move that the
resolution b& referred to the Committee on the
•Judiciary, and printed.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. .1 move to lay the
resolution on the table.
Mr. HODGES. 1 withdraw my motion, and
hope the resolution will be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and be printed.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee; and it was not agreed to.
The resolution was then referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
NEW YORK INDIANS.
The SPEAKER. The first business hi order
is upon agreeing to the amendment reported by
the Committee on-Indian Affairs to Senate bill No.
389, providing for the allotment of lands to cer-
tain New York Indians, and for other purposes;
upon which the previous question has been sec-
onded, and the main question ordered to be put.
The amendment is as follows:
Strike out all m Senate bill after line six, and insert the
following;
Who removed under the provisions of the treaties here-
inafter referred to, and to their children, in the uactof land
set apart for the use of the New York Indians, by tieaty of
Januaiy 15,1838, made and concluded at Buffalo Creek, in
the State of New York, and the treaty made at the same
place, on the 20th day ot May, 1842, said lands to be se-
lected within haul reserve in Kansas Territory, m conform-
ity to the legal subdivisions of the public surveys^ and so as
to include the improvements (if any thei# be) oi each In-
dian, and patents lor the samohhall be issued to each indi-
vidual Indian adult, or to heads ot families for themselves
and their minor children, they to locate their lands within
the space of one year from the passage of tins act; and when
the locations shall have been Hub made and allotted, and
after the expiration ot said year, the remainder of the re-
serve shall be considered apart of the public lauds, and Muill
be subject to settlement, preemption, and entry, as oihei
lands belonging to the United States; but 110 fceulemenu,
other than by the Indians above refeir«d to, shall be made
on said reserve for the epace of one year from and aftei the
passage of this act. AH settlements heretofore made on
said reserve shall be recognized irom tlu: date of such set-
tlement, and be entitled to preemption, the same as if the
said lands* had been Government land* and .subject to set-
tlement: Provided,That the Indians named s-hall have pre-
cedence over any other settler, wlieie the same may come
in conilict.
Sec. 2. After paying all tho moneys necessary for carry-
ing out the provisions of thin act, the remainder of all
moneys accruing from the sales by preemption, private en-
try, or otherwise, of any land within the uact or reserve
above named, hhall be paid into the Treasmy oi the United
States, and Icept as a separate and distinct fund ; and held
subject to any future action of Oongiess m telation to s-aid
New York Indiana, or to the provisions of any treaty made,
or hereafter to be made, with said Indian*, or any of them,
in reference thereto.
Sec. 3. The disuict couifs of the United States for the
Tenitonesof Kansas and Nebraska t-liall ^eveiallv, here-
after, for the pui pose of enfoicint; the act of June 30, 1834,
have the saiue jurisdiction as was conlerred by the twenty-
fourth section ol the intercourse act upon Hie United States
courts for tiie State of Mjsmjuii; and tliat *<> nnn-ii of the
twenty-fourth section of the act of June 30,1831, know n .is
the intercourse act, as conflicts with tins art, be, and the
same is heieby, repealed.
Mr. RUSSELL. I would nsk whether, by
unanimous consent, I cannot offer a slight amend-
ment, in order to satisfy the gentleman from Mis-
souri?
Mr. CRATG, of Missouri. The friends of this
measure, deeming it a measure of very great im-
portance, indeed, in the neighborhood where they
reside, have agreed upon a very slight amend-
ment, which, by unanimous consent, may be
made; and then the bill will be satisiactoiy to
everybody.
The amendment, as proposed by Mr. Russell,
was read, as follows:
In line twenty-seven of the amendment, after the woid
"act,"m--cit "or until the Indian allotments above pro-
vided for shall have been made."
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. That will not do.
My object is, to let this land be open to white
settlement after twelve months, if tho Indian se-
lections are not sooner made, i surest, m lieu
of the gentleman's amendment, these words: "or
unless the selections can sooner be made."
Mr. RUSSELL. That will be the same thing-;
and I am willing to adopt it instead of my own
amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Mi ssouri. Is tho bi'l op*en to
amendment ? If it is, I desire to suggest one thing
to the gentleman having charge of tins bill. There
is a provision in the bill, as reported from the
Committee on Indian Affairs, that the proceeds
arising from the sale of this land shall be kept in
the Treasury as a separate fund. Now, if that
be done, it will afford the foundation for a claim
against the Government of the United States by
these Indians. On the contrary, I contend that by
virtue of the treaty of 1838, they have no claim
whatever, either for land or money, and the land
proposed to be given to them is a mere gratuity.
Mr. LEITER. I object to debate, unless I can
have an opportunity of replying to what the gen-
tleman from Missouri is saying. 4 ..
Mr. FENTON. I have a communication from
a portion of th^head men, chiefs, and warriors,
of the New York Indians, addressed to the Pres-
ident of the United States, and which was received
at too late a day to present it to him. I will be
glad to have it read from the Clerk's desk before
the question ia taken on the bill; not that it will
militate against its passage; but because it is a
duty I owe to my constituency to bring it to the
attention of the House,
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I object, unless the
whole subject is opened to debate.' I want to say
something about the bill myself. Until that is
done, I object to all debate, or to anything being
read.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 1 move, then, to
reconsider the vote by which the main question
was ordered to be put, in order that the proposed
amendments may he submitted.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Are the amendments
objected to? If not, I ask that they be read.
The amendments were again read.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I understand that
the gentleman from New Yoik withdraws his
amendment, and accepts the one 1 propose in its
stead; that is, "or unless the selections can sooner
be made."
Mr. RUSSELL. I cannot accept that.
Mr. McQUEEN. I suggest to the gentleman
to allow me to offer an amendment to the bill. It
was before the Committee on Public Lands, and
from what I understand—
Mr. RUSSELL. I object to debate.
Mr* McQUEEN. I object to tying up this
fund. There is no claim on the part of these
New York Indians.
Mr. RUSSELL. J object.
Mr. CRMG, of Missouri. I do notunderstand
that there js objection to my amendment.
Mr. McQUEEN. I do not objcct to the amend-
ment; but I desire to get in an amendment to
strike out the second section. I wish to say that
unless that section is stricken out I shall vote
against the bill.
Mr. HOPKINS. I shall object, unless the
statement offered by the gentleman from New
York, which is from the parties concerned, is
allowed to be read. Let us have the letter of the
New York Indiansread.
The SPEAKER. Then the question recurs
on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I understand the object
of the gentleman from Missouri, in moving his
amendment, is, that there may be inserted in the
bill a provision that, in the event the Indian se-
lections shall bo made before the expiration of
twelve months, then the remaining portion of the
land shall be opened to white settlement.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. Yes, sir; that is it.
Mr. GREENWOOD, i think there can be no
objection tcr that; and { hope the House by unan-
imous consent will insert it. It "gives twelve
months to the Indians for the allotment of lands,
unless the allotment shrill sooner be made.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 1 understand that
the gentleman fiom Virginia does not press his
obj'o.tionto the amendment.
Mr. HOPKINS. I do not object to that par-
ticular amendment. I'thought it was due to the
New York Indians, that their statement should
be read to the House. I withdraw mv objection
' if the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Clark] will
I withdraw his objection to the reading of the pa-
| pers.
! Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. BURNETT. Tlmu I object to all further
discussioa, oranytlnngelse, that is not expressly
in order.
The SPEAKER. Docs the gentleman object
to the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri ?
Mr. BURNETT. I do not.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I withdraw the
motion to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. I do not know what amend-
ment is pending. There were two read; which
is pending?
Mr. MORGAN. T object to debate, and to the
amendment, unless the letter from the New York
Indians be-read.
Mr. FENTON. I think that really there can
be no objection on the part of any gentleman to
the reading of that letter.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. My colleague has
withdrawn his objection to its being read.
Mr. BURNETT. In order to obviate all diffi-
culty I object unconditionally.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri# I renew my mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the main
question was ordered.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded tel-
lers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and McQueen were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes ninety-nine, noes not counted.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurrcd upon ordering the main
question; and being taken, the House refused to
order it to hp now put.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I now offer my
amendment to insert after the word " act," in
line twenty-seven, the words "unless the selec-
tions can sooner be made;" and on that I demand
the previous question.
Mr. McGtUEEN. 1 appeal to the gentleman
from Missouri to allow me to offer an amend-
ment to the second section of the bill.
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. 1 would yery cheer-
fully do it, but I am afraid of losing the bill;
and I regard it as one of the most important bills
to tho white men of the locality, that has been
before Congress.
Mr. McQUEEN. The amendment which I
wish to offer is to strike out the second section.
I ask my friend to allow me to make a brief
statement as to the character of the section which
I wish to have stricken out. By the treaties of
1834 and 1842, made with the New York Indians,
they were allowed to settle on this reservation.
Some of them went and settled on the lands, and
this bill proposes to give each one of those three
hundred and twenty acres of land—the propor-
tion to which each would be entitled under the
treaties. They had five years to settle, but some
of the Indians remained in New York and failed
to avail themselves of the benefits secured to then*
by the treaties. I am informed and believe that
the Indians who refused to emigrate have already
had some $400,000 paid to them by the Govern-
ment, in order to quiet their claims. The second
section of this bill, which I propose to strike out,
provides that, after the lands are set apart for the
Indians now there, the remainder of the lands
shall be open to sale and piecmption as other
public lands; and also provides that the money-
arising from their sale shall be tied up and kept
as a fund for the Indians, to be subject to such
treaties as are now made or ate heieafier to be
made.
Mr. FENTON. Did I understand the gentle-
man to say that tho Government had paid to these
New York Indians $400,000?
Mr. McQUEEN. Yes; £400,000 has beenap-
propriated to quiet the claims of the Indians.
Mr. FENTON. That is a mistake. 1 can
explain in a moment how that is. They gave
up one of their reservations, in Erie county,
New York, containing fifty thousand acres, for
§,100,000. That muney went into their hands.
Mr. McQUEEN. The construction of this
bill will give these Indians a claim which they
now have not
Mr. BURNETT. I object to further debate,
Mr. McQUEEN. I move to strike out the
second section.
The SPEAKER. The previous question has
been demanded, and the motion cannot be enter-
tained.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASHBURN, of I^Iaine, called for tel-
lers on ordering the main question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kelsey and
Branch were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes forty-thre'e; noes not counted.
