746
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
is to provide a redress for wrongs committed
upon the Indians. I have beert among this tribe,
and they aro civilized to a very great extent. They
have finehouses, and well-cultivated farms. Now,
any wrong can be perpetrated upon their proper-
ty, their lands, and houses, and they can have no
redress. Why? Because they cannot sue in the
United States courts, for the reason that they are
not citizens of the United States.
But the gentleman from Alabama objects, be-
cause the Constitution provides that the rule of nat-
uralization shall be uniform. But did we not ad-
mit Texas by treaty, without any uniform rule of
naturalization ? We took the people of the whole
country in at one swoop, and made them all citi-
zens. The requirements of the Constitution are
satisfied, and the rule of naturalization is made
uniform when it is applied alike to all persons of
a particular district; and it is no violation of the
Constitution to bring this tribe in as citizens. A
rule of naturalization presci ibud for the action of
courts, and naturalization by act of Congress, as
is provided in this ease, are very different things.
Congress, by special act, unquestionably may
naturalize any individual, or body of individuals,
and it is no infringement of the Constitution. A
rule for the naturalization of foreigners by courts
should " beuniform;" but the inherent legislative
power of Congress authorizesus to make any one
a citizen; and the provision m relation'to a uni-
form rule of naturalization has nothing to do with
the question. The safety of property and the se-
curity and peace of Kansas require that tins tribe
be naturalized.
Mr.^DOLFAX. I have one further remark to
make. This provision as to alienation is subject
to every restriction which the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs sees fit to make. There is no mem-
ber of this House who will doubt that if Mr.
Denver, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs,
should come to this House and say that to allow
a certain single Indian to alienate a certain quar-
ter section of land would be judicious, Congress
would grant him that authority, for the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs has been rigorous in his
decisions in favor of the Indians, and vigilant in
protecting them from the encroachment of settlers.
I think if we desire to develop the resources of
the Territory of Kansas, and allow civilization to
progress there, we ought to pass a bill of this
charactcr, with the severe restrictions and guards
which are thrown around it.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I desire to ask some gentle-
man who advocates this bill a question. X un-
derstand the Indians cannot alienate these lands
without the consent of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs; and yet I am told that they are just
as competent to manage their business as mem-
bers of Congress.are. I want to ask gentlemen,
if they have a right to vote when the Commis-
sioner consents?
Mr. COLFAX. I suppose not; but it seems
to me that the argument of the gentleman from
Illinois, although he votes on this with the gen-
tleman from Alabama, is a sufficient refutation of
that gentleman's argument. The argument of the
gentleman from Illinois, if I understand it, is that
these Indians should bo allowed every privilege
without the consent of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and yet he votes with those on the
other side, who are opposed to granting them any
privilege whatever, even with the authority of the
Indian bureau.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I now move the pre-
vious question.
Mr. BLfSS. I ask the gentleman from Ark- 'I
ansas to withdraw his call for the previous ques- i1
ticn. I wish to move to strike out the second sec- !j
tion of the bill. |;
Mr. GREENWOOD. I yield to the gentleman !j
to move that amendment. * !i
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the;!
gentleman permit me to suggest an amendmentto 'j
the first section ? \
Mr. GREEN WOOD. I yield to the gentleman !;
from Ohio to make his motion to strike out the )
second section. I desire to say that, after a mn-
ture consultation with the Indian oHice*this bill >■
has been recomracnded by the head of thatbu-j1
reau; and, after two weeks'deliberation, it has j
received the approbation of the Committee on In- j
dian Affairs, and has been deemed a proper meas-:
ure for the adoption of this House. !
Mr. BLISS. Mr, Speaker, I desire to say, in I
explanation of my motion in striking out that
second section, that the reasonsgiven by the gen-
tleman for that section, to my mind, fail entirely.
I understand him to have stated that these In-
dians cannot sue in the territorial courts, unless
they are made citizens of the United States. Am
I correct m my understanding?
Mr. GREENWOOD. It is alleged by these
people that they cannot have any redress in the
courts, unless a bill of this character is passed.
Mr. BLISS. I suppose that it is well under-
stood that the territorial courts, under the laws
of the United States, are not the courts of the
United States in the sense that they require the
plaintiff to be a citizen of the United States.
Any one can bring a suit in the territorial courts,
whether he be a citizen or not; and hence the rea-
son for this section, to my mind, fails.
But there is, sir, another and still more weighty
reason, which I before indicated, why this sec-
tion should be stricken out. I believe that it is
the .commencement of a new policy in this Gov-
ernment in relation to the naturalization laws. As
I before intimated;the question being sprung upon
us, I am unable to ascertain what has been our
past policy—to see whether this is not the first time
we have attempted to create, or, at least, whether
any attempt has ever succeeded in creating, citizens
of the United States from persons born upon the
soil, Indians or otherwise, by act of the United
States. Now, any person that is not an alien may
be made a citizen of a State by the Suite itself;
and then, of course, he becomes a citizen of the
United States; for, as to all but aliens, the States
have given up 110 jurisdiction on that subject.
And, sir, I believe that the custom has been hith-
erto to leave this matter to the States themselves.
Certain New York Indians, certain Massachu-
setts Indians, I am told, have been made citizens
of those States, and hence of the United States,
by the action of the States themselves; and I pre-
fer to leave this matter to the State of Kansas
when it shall be admitted. I do not propose to
Hftise the constitutional question as to whether our
naturalization power extends to the Indians. If
it does, it is unnecessary to cxercise it. The States
are the best judges of the qualification of Indians
within their border for citizenship; and I would
leave the matter with them, believing that, when-
ever they become civilized and permanent mem-
bers of community, they lose their separate tribal
character, and should be made citizens of the
States.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman from Arkansas yield to me, until I can
move an amendment to the first section?
Mr.GREENWOOD. I cannot.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Then I
hope, as the question has just come before us,
that the House will not second the call for the
previous question, when a member is upon the
lloor desirous of moving an amendment.
Mr. GREENWOOD- Let the gentleman from
Kentucky indicate his amendment, and then I
will say whether I will yield or not.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The gen-
tleman from Kentucky is not in acondition, until
the gentleman yields the floor, to indicate what
the amendment is.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Then I demand the pre-
vious question; and the House can take what
course it may deem proper.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow
me to move an amendment? If this bill, bad as
it is, is to pass, I would like to make it, before
that is done, as good as possible; and if permit-
ted to do so, I will move to strike out the latter
portion of the first section, which extends the
provisions of the bill to all other Indians.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I cannot yield to -the |
gentleman. |
lMr. HOUSTON. Ah! there is where the shoe i
pinches. 1 move that, the bill be laid upon the !
table; and 011 that question demand tellers. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messis. Buffinton ■
and Harris were appointed. |
The [louse divided; and the tellers reported— '
ayes 72, nofs 50.
Mr. BENNETT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 88, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Atkins, Barksdale, Bingham, Bishop,
Uhss, Boyee, Branch, Buffinton, Burnett, Carathers, Cas-
kie, Chapman, Ezra Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane, Comins,
Corning, Crawfoid, Curry, Davis of Indiana, Davis of
Mississippi, Dean, Dewart, Dodd, Dowdell, Durfee, Ed-
mundson, Elliott, English, Faulkner, Garnett, Gartrell,
Giddirigs, Gilhs, Giangor, Gregg, Robert B. Hali, Harlan,
Hams, Hickman, Hill, Hoard, Hopkins, [iorton, xlouston,
Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jewett. George W. Jones, Law-
rence, Leach, Letcher, Lovejoy, Maclay, McQueen. Hum-
phrey Marshall, Mason, Miles, Miller, Millson, Moore,
Moigan, Mott, Palmer, Peyton, John S. Phelps, PhiUip9>
Potior, Pottle, Powell, Reagan, Ricaud, Ruffin, Scales,
Seward, Henry M. Shaw, William Smith, Stevenson, Miles
Taylor, Tompkins, Underwood, Vallandish.im, Vance, E!-
lilm B. Washburne, Wmslow, John V. Wright, and Zolli-
c offer—88.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Adraiu, Ahl, Anderson, An-
drews, Avery, Bennett,'Bonham, Bray ton, Bryan, Burlin-
g:imo, Case, Chaffee, John B. Clark, dawson, Clark B.
Cochrane, Cockerill, Colfax, Covode, Cox, Cragin, James
Craig, Cuius, Davidson, Davis of Massachusetts, Davis of
Iowa, Eustis, Pamsvvorth. Florence, Foley, Foster, Gil-
man,'Gooch, Goodwin. Greenwood, Grow, Lawrence W.
Hall, Ilaskm, Hatch, Hawkins, Hodges, Howard, Huyler,
Owen Jones, Keim. Kettt, Kellogg, Kel&ey, Kilgore,Knapp,
John C. Kunkel. Leidv, loiter, MeRae, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Maynard, Montgomery, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris,
Isaac. N. Morris Freeman II. Morse, Murray, IViblack,
Paiker, William W. Phelps, Pike,Purviance«Reiliy,Royce,
Russell, Scott, Searing, Aaron Shaw, Shorter, Robert
Smith. Samuel A. S inith^ Spinner, Stanton, James A. Stew-
art, William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Trippe. Wade,
Waldron, Walton. Watkms, Whiteley, Wilson, Woodson,
and Augustus R. Wiight—91.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table. t
During the vote,
Mr. PALMER said that his colleague, Mr.
Mor.se, was detained from the Hall by sickness.
Mr. I£EITT taid: As I understand,'the first
! section of the bill is for carrying out a treaty stip-
] ulation. I vote "no."
i Mr. BLISS said: I am in favor of part of the
| bill, and I am opposed to a part of it. I vote
<f ay."
Mr. WORTENDYKE stated that, if he had
been in the Hall when his name was called, he
would have voted 11 no."
The vote was announced as above.
The question recurred on seconding the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and tho
mam question ordered; being first upon the
amendment to strike out the second section of
the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to have the en-
grossed bill read.
Mr. GREENWOOD. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
giossed, and read a third time; and on that I call
for the yeas*and nays.
Mr. HOUSTON. If those "gentlemen who are
pressing this bill forward will give us the yeas
and nays on its passage, I will not insist on the
reading of the engrossed bill. I want the record
to show who votes for it.
Mr. GREENWOOD. Certainly; let the yeas
and nays be called on its passage. I withdraw
the motion to reconsider.
The bill, being engrossed, was read the third
time..
Mr. GREENWOOD moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Tho yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 82, nays 91; as follows:
YKAS — Mcsis. Abbott, Adraui, Ahl, Anderson, An-
dicw-. '\vcty, Bh-5!, Bowie, Brayton, Bums, Burroughs,
Cns<\ Cavanau^hjChatiee, John B. Ciaik, Clawsou, Coek-
rtriii, Colfax, Covode. Cox, Cragin, James Craige, Curtis,
David-on, Davis of Massachusetts:, Davis of Iowa, Dick,
FIok'tico, Foley, Gtlhs, Gilinan, Greenwood, Grow, Law-
rence W. Ha!J, Ilodg.'s, Howard, Huylei, Owen Jones,
Keim, Kent, Kellogg, Kilgore.Leidy, Lciter, McRae, Sam-
uel S. Maifthnll, Mas-oii. Mavuord, Montgomery, Morrill,
Edvvaid Joy Moms, I-'aac N. Morris, Muiray, Niblack,
Patkei, Pcmt, Peyton, William W. Phelpss, Retlly, Robbing,
Roberts, Rovce, Russell, Scott, Searing, Shorter, Robe it
Smith, Samuel A. J^mitb, Spinner, Stephens, James A.
Stcwait, William Stewart, Geoige Taylor, Tompkins,
Wade, Waldroii, Walton, Watkins, Whiteley, Wilson,
Woodson, and Wortcmh ke—82.
NAYS — Mesais. Atkins, Baiksdale, Barr, Bingham,
Bishop, Boyce, Buffinton, Burnett, Caiuthers, Caskie,
Chapman, Ezra Clark, Cobb, John Cochrane, Coming,
Cormns, Burton Craigc, Crawford, Cuny, Davis of Mary-
land, Davn of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dawes. Dean,
Dewart, Dodd, Durl'ee, Edmundson, Elliott, Englu-h, Faulk-
ner, Garnett, Garnell, Guldings, Gilmer, Grangei, Gregg,
Robert B. IIail, Ilaiian, Hickmnn, Riff, Hoard, Hopkins,
Ilorton, Houston, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, George W.
Jon«s, Kelsey, iinapp, Lawrense, Leach, Letcher, Love-
