126
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
35t;h Cong....2d Sess.
Alrato Canal—Mr. Ward.
Ho. of Reps.
the isthmus known as Baya Honda, from Puerto
Cabella to Fonseca. The length of the route is
qne hundred and sixty miles, and the summit
level is two thousand six hundred and eighty-one
feet above the sea. Notwithstanding that, the
rivers Humuya and Goascoran interlock, and
their head waters pass one another, still the sup-
ply is very little", and the great height of the sum-
mit would require]at least one hundred and sixty
locks of great magnitude, and enormously costly.
X therefore consider this line out of the question
for canalization; for a railroad it is practicable.
3. Nicaragua. This route has been very much
discussed, and in point of desirability for a water
communication between the oceans, is undoubt-
edly next best to the Atrato, but is much "T'.Sjjj'i1}1'
to it, for the reasons which 1 will iieieafter pre-
sent. At this place an elevation of one hundred
and twenty-two feet has to be overcome, and,
according to the most approved plans, at least
thirty locks would be necessary. Water here is
abundant on the summit, and at the Atlantic ter-
minus there is a good harbor; but on the Pacific
a harbor must be constructed at Breto, or in that
vicinity i iu order to make the communication com-
plete.
If the use of locks was not greatly disadvan-
tageous, the Nicaragua line would claim our
wai mest suppoi t; but the difficulty and danger of
elevating great ships to the height of one hundred
and twenty-two feet, and then loweiing them
again every time a passage is to be made from one
ocean to another, must be apparent. Locks offer
# serious objection to such navigation; each lock of
" a canal is nearly similar to a dry dock, and thirty
would have to be passed each way: in addition,
there is the difficulty and uncertainty attending
the use of locks, arising from the failure of the
gates that inclose them, which, in thmciisc, would
number one hundred and twenty, if the locks were
single lifts, which aie most desirable. The cost
of keeping such mechanical struclutes iu repair
■would be_great. The risk arising to vessels from
striking against them is to be regarded, and the
probability of occasional delay in them, when out
of repair, is to be taken into considciation.
At Nicaragua, the cost of constructing a woik
equal in width and depth, would be nmie than at
the Atrato. I am await; that plans have been
made, the estimated cost of which would be less
than is contemplated at the Atrato; but these
plans propose a canal of much less depth and
width, and insufficient to do the tiade required.
I am confident, from the estimates that have been
made—and 1 speak from a knowledge of the case
~!-tliat the same sized canal, even with locks,
which would materially reduce its woiking capa-
city, cannot be built at Nicaragua for the same
price as at the Alrato.
4. Panama route. Upon this line a railroad is
now in successful operation. It is undoubtedly
one of the most desirable lines, if not tile best
route, for a railroad crossing the Isthmus; it is but
forty-seven and a half miles long, and good har-
bors exist nl cither end. But for purposes of a
<;anal, its disadvantages may be Hummed up in a
iew words. Forty-two miles must be canalized;
ships must be lilted two hundred and fifty-seven
feet. At this elevation there is not sufficient water
to feed the canal, and water must be collected ill
reservoirs 111 the mountains, and brought sixty-
one miles through a trench of more than one hun-
dred nnd fifty feet deep. Even then, thirty-six
locks would be required. If an open cut is at-
tempted, the quantity of material to be removed
would be equal to over three times what is neces-
saiy at the Atiato, and a lock oil the Pacific would
be indispensable.
5. ban MiiiueJ. There have been various ex-
plorations made £t Sail JXliguel under the direc-
tions of the engineers of the Government of the
United Suites, Great Ihitain, Spain, and Holland;
but no hue ut all proper forn ship-canal has yet
been discovered,
G. Clupo. This route has only been surveyed
on the Atlantic coast; and the range of mountains
(Cordilleras) seem to render it not available for
the purpose of a ship-canal at this point,
7. The Atrato. Tins proposed canal is through
an open cut from the sea to the waters of a navi-
gable river, having sufficient depth to float the
largest man-of-war and merchant ships; and no
locks or other impediments are required.
This route that I have reference to, lies in the
Republic of New Granada, in the province of
Clioco, and may be found between the seventh
and eighth degrees of north latitude, and the sev-
enty-seventh and seventy-eighth degrees of west
longitude from Greenwich. It begins at a good
harbor at the mouths of the Atrato river, in the
Bay of Candilaria, thence ascends the Atrato river
to one of its affluents.
In the early part of the present century, the
venerable and remarkably far-sighted Baron Alex-
ander Yon Humboldt, in his "Essays Politique,"
m describing the various routes that probably ex-
isted for forming inter-oceanic navigation, desig-
nated the line of the valley of the Atrato river,
as worthy of particular consideration. Humboldt
came to this conclusion at tilts early period, from
having personally examined this and the other
proposed routes; and in his various writings, he
urges the merits of this particular line. The tran-
sit routes at Honduras nnd Tehuantepec, the ca-
noe navigation at the lake Nicaragua, and the
mule route at Panama, however, for many yeais
drew off the attention of commercial men and
capitalists, from the route in question.
In 1850, General T. DeMosquera, ex-President
of the country, in a work entitled, "Physical and
Political Geography of New Granada," drew at-
tention again to the valley of the Atrato, and a
citizen of the State of New Yoik, (Mr. Freder-
ick M. lCellcy,) appreciating the vast benefits to
be derived to las own city, the country, and the
world, Irom any good route across the Isthmus,
but more particularly from any that could be made
available for purposes of canalization, learning
the views of llumboldt, and all that Mosquera
could inform lnm relative to this locality, determ-
ined in 1853, as a mere matter of public utility,
and without any immediate hope ot personal ad-
vantage, with scarcely the remotest prospect of
self-aggrandizement, to fit out an expedition at
lus own expense, and have surveys made, to see
if the impressions of the illustrious men 1 have
mimed, were founded in fact or otherwise.
The first surveys were made up the river Atrato
and over the dividing isthmus, and down the river
Sun Juan, upon the line of a smnll canoe canal,
more properly a ditch, that the priests of the mis-
sion of .San Pueblti had caused the natives to dig,
many years ago, and through which canoes laden
with the gold and merchandise of tlie.surround-
ing countries passed, at times, at high water, from
one ocean to the other. This line did not present
such favorable features as were anticipated; but,
nothing daunted, three oilier expeditions, making
foui iu all up to that period, were fitted out with
piaiseworthy zeal, by the same individual. They,
however, all merely added to our geographical
knowledge of this highly interesting portion of
our continent.
The Ibuith expedition, at nearly the close of
the third year of the researches, gave some slight
promise of success, having learned trom the tia-
ditioiis of the natives, that low ground existed
near the seventy-seventh parallel; but owing to
circumstances they could not control, they were
compelkd to return without making any very
important discoveries. The data they furnished,
however, was the key tofutuie success.
Another expedition was started and intrusted to
an expel ienced explorer, with directions to search
in the vicinity of the locality before indicated as
practicable. The dense growth of underbrush,
and the gigantic forests that cover the entire face
of the country, made the work of exploration te-
dious and difficult; but after an absence ot several
months the party returned with the tidings that a
route had been discovered and surveyed, by which
^ a canal could be built, to connect the wateis of the
1 Atlantic and Pacific oceans without locks, and at
! such a cost as to be commercially available. No
; speculations, however, were gone into; sober,
] serious reflection seemed to indicate that, before
any public demonstiation was made, the surveys
should be verified by a Government corps. Years
had been occupied, and a laige amount of money
expended by a piivate individual to solve this
I great problem. The surveys being completed,
I Mr. Keliey proceeded to Europe with the result.
I ask, to submit, in his own language, his reception
abroad. He says:
" 1 went to England, and submitted my plans and reports
to the Royal Geographical Society of London, and to me
British Institution of Civil Engineers. I invited the search-
ing criticism of those most competent to judge in the mother
country. I went to France, and, knowing liovv deep an in-
terest ttie Emperor Napoleon had tak"en m the piomotion of
similar enterprises, and how profound a knowledge he had
displayed ot tile general subject, at a tune when eoirect
views were confined to a very limited circle, I laid my plana
and surveys before his Imperial Majesty, and invited to their
consideration, m the most public manner, the highest sci-
ence in the service of the Governmentarid people of France.
I went to Beilin, and ftankly explained to that illustrious
sage, the pioneei ot all scientific knowledge of Central
Ametica, the general views which 1 entertained, and the
nature ol the evidence by which they had been confirmed.
In those three enlightened countries I was not treated as a
stranger. Theie was n grandeur in the design of which I
was the beaier, a dignity m the mission with whieh X was
charged, that won lor me courtesies, which, on meie per-
sonal grouuds, no stranger, going to Europe for the fhst tune,
could have anticipated or claimed. From the Emperor of
the French, fiom Lord Clarendon, from Sir Roilenek IVIur-
ehison, from Baion Humboldt, from Rear-Admual Beechy,
from Robert Stephenson. Admiial Fitzroy, and the mem-
bers generally of the lloyul riocieu and lii.-ritul e, I received
great kindness; and, what was of more imporiance, they
applied to my plans and reports, in a catholic and courteous
spirit, but with the rigid exactness due to science and their
own high reputations, those tests suggested nnd fortified by
their great experience. A friendless and unknown Ameri-
can citizen was tieated by these men as though lie was a
brother, not because he w.is eminent in seicnce, but be-
cause tliev recognized iri lnm the zeal, the propheiic hope
and self-devotion which are evei the handmaids of sci-
ence."—Kelley's Jltrato Ship-Canal Pamphlet.
The important results thus far attained were
brought to the attention of the Thirty-Fourth
Congress at its second session. Appreciating the
efforts made, and the great results to flow from
liiteroceamccommunication, an appropriation was
made by this Government for a verification of the
surveys to which I have alluded. Congress au-
thorized the Secretaries of War and the Navy,
under direction of the President, to detail officers
for the survey and have the verification made.
The Navy Department selected Lieutenant Cra-
ven, and the War Department detailed Lieutenant
Michler, of the topographical engineers. These
officers, upon their leturn, proceeded to prepare
their reports; and the result of tlic expedition will
probably be hud before Congiess at the present
session. While I am not able to give the detail
of the survey, I am sufficiently informed to state
that their reports will confirm the physical facts
as represented, including haibors, rivers, rock
and earth excavation, and the general character
and quantity of matenal to be removed to form
the canal, upon which the former estimate of the
cost of this work was based. This estimate of
cost had been computed by several experienced
engineers in this country.
By the proceedings of the institution of engi-
neers of London for 1858, 1 find that body—per-
haps as competent as any in the world to judge-
indorses the estimates made by our own engi-
neers. I have also seen the written expressions
of many able and intelligent American engineers
oil the subject; letters "from distinguished engi-
neers—Robert Stephenson, George Ronnie, and
other English and French engineers of eminence,
veiifying the estimates made for the work in this
country. In April nnd May, 1856, the Royal
Geographical Society, at Mr. Kelley's request,
discussed this question at great length, and took
very decided ground in favor of the work being
done. The President, who was Minister to Eng-
land while Mr. Kelley was abroad, did all in his
power to advance this great measure, and sug-
gested the application to the United States for
verification. The Ficnch Empeioralso appointed
a commission to examine the plans and surveys,
and they reported favorably to him, who, I learn,
expressed a willingness to unite with England
and the United Slates in building the canal. The
plans were submitted to Baron Humboldt, and
ins appioval obtained.
Mr. Chairman, having drawn the attention of
this honorable body to the subject of ship ca-
nals, briefly referred to the various projects, and
given a rapid sketch of the Atrato, I would now
refer to the benefit which the commerce of this
country and other nations will derive from such a
channel of communication from the Atlantic to
the Pacific oceans. I have already alluded to the
great saving in traveling distance, and refer to
