748
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
merely to pHy the amount stipulated to be paid,
and which we have paid for several years for re-
porting those proceedings.
Mr. CURRY. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Missouri if this appropriation is intended
to cover the time after the expiration of this fiscal
year, or is it to pay for what has already been
done ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is for the next
fiscal year; and it is in pursuance of a standing
order of the Senate."
Mr. CURRY. 1 do not propose to object to
paying for what has already been done, but I
propose to put a stop to future expenses of this
The question was taken upon Mr. Curry's
motion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to amend
line fifty-eight, by striking out " $3*3,509 50,"
and inserting in heu thereof " §35,004," so that
clause shall read:
For clerks to committees, pages, police, horses, and
canyalls, $33,001.
This, increase is made necessary in conse-
quence of an order of the Vicc President and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, enlarg-
ing the Capitol police. Under the a< t of 1828, the
Vice President of the United Slates and the
Speaker of the House of Representatives are to
prescribe the number of the Capitol police, and
the compensation to he paid to them. Those offi-
cers last year thought it necessary to increase
the number, and I have ill my hand an order
which-jfc^csirc to have read, as well as the esti-
mate, fPpursuance of which i submit this amend-
ment.
The order was read, as follows:
Washington, January 7, 1839.
Tht; ovlenrtion of flxj Capitol ?eud<;i-> an additional po-
lice lorco Di'cfv:aiV ; .iikI the *i>-1l"i< d, in eornnr nnt\ to
the iK't o! Con<;rt>s npp-ov d 2d oi U.i\, IbJd, adopt the
folliivvjii" te ul,m >n-lot \;uii ^ovemment.
Ileremter llie police eoiiM t ol one onpfam find
thirteen tnenibejs. The ■ al.niet, now |j\e<i hv law lor 1I10.-.0
alicady 111 oiuee -hall lein.un une'iaii^'d unltl the r\pnu-
tion ol the pie-seni li-e.U > e u. The mx additional police-
men herein aurhon/.ed t-h.ill leeetve a s'iiurv 0! .^1.100 each,
per annum; and at the expiration ol the pie^ent li-eal year
the r-aiai it"- ol huwj now 111 oliu e be reduced 10 ,■$!
i-ach, per annum, e\eepi the captain'-:, and ht-> salai> shall
lemuin the :-aine a> now ii\< d hv law.
A!! iippointntenw and lemovah; to be made hv you, and
youi bucce^oia ni oIIkc.
JOHN c. mtmciNRiDor;,
y.dthnt oj the Senate.
JAMI'o L. ORU,
Spcihci oj the lions- of lleprcspvtatii cs
Dr. J- B. Ulaice, C mwhtssi.-oi'"" nf Vu'ilv But'iim^s.
Mr. WHITELKY. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means a
question I find by turning to line one bundled
r.nd three of this bill, that theie is ;ui appropria-
tion of $5,^90 foi this siune polite. I.* that ap-
propnation 111 addition to the one lie pioposes to
make by his amendment5
Mr. PHELPS, of Mmsouh. I will answer the
question of the gentleman from Delaware, This
Capitol police is paid out of ihr continent funds
the two Houses—one half payable fiotn the con-
tingent fund el t ho House of Repiesentat: ves, and
the other holflrom the < oniingent fund of the Sen-
ate; and it will become nei ossary, wlv n you reach
that portion of the bill, to meiease the appropri-
ation there, if there is an intention upon the part
of the Jlou.se to piowde foi tins additional police
foioe.
Mr. MASON. "With all due deference to the
Vice Prt sideiit and our honorable Speaker, I must
oppose this np pi op I nit ton. It is a I act, that there
i*> no city in the Union which 111 one year lias
manifest! d such abem ficial change as the city of
Washington in i^gard. to law and Older. It is
only a year muco it was demanded of this House
to pass u bill for a young standing army to be m-
auguuitul hero for she purpose of keeping the
peace. But this year we hear of no disorder. All
is quiet, and tin «e is no in 'vssity for any mctease
of the police aiound tins Capttul. You ha\e not
heard of a single disturbance. Last, ytat when
there were disturbances, theie m ty ha\ e been some
necessity forthis additional foice, but none now.
We have aright to believe that the beneficial im-
provement of the last year in favor of law and
order v-'ill be merrascd, and that there will be no
use for tbi-s r.ddiuoual force.
Air. PHELPS, of Miswouii. 1 merely desire
to say woid iu icply to the genilonTau from
Kentucky. This appropiiation is not for the reg-
ular city police; but we have watchmen, who
watch this Capitol every night; and it is proposed
to give only thirteen watchmen, for that purpose.
M*"- BURNETT. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to inform the committee how many police-
men there were before these appointments?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Seven beside the
captain.
Mr. BURNETT. Eight in all, then.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouii. During that time,
the Watchmen employed upon the Capitol exten-
sion had been performing duties here as watch-
men. At this session that was abandoned, and
for the purpose of preserving this Capitol, and
preventing fire, having some persons to Watch
along all the passages at night, watch the com-
mittee rooms, &c., these officers deemed it neces-
sary to increase the fordu.
Mr. MASON. I thought we had gone to great
expense to make these buildings fire proof.
Air. BURNETT. By what authority were
these appointments made ?
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. By the authority
of the act of 1828, which is cited in the order of
appointment which I have had read. That vests
i the power of increasing'or diminishing the Capi-
j tol police in the hands of the two Presiding Offi-
| cers of Congtess; and in the exercise of that
I power this increase has been made.
' Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers on Mr.
Phelps's amendment.
Tellers were oideied; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Hawkins were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
I ed—ayes fifty-nine, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GARNETT. 1 move to strike out the
following words:
:j " Fot nij-soolhini-oiH item*, ^yijOOO."
'i Mr. BURNETT. I have an amendment to
offer, which comes in before the gentleman's
amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. It is too late; that portion
of the bill has' been passed.
Mr BURNETT. I sent for a copy of the bill,
and was upon my feet before the preceding paia-
graph was passi d by.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginta'was leeo^ni/.ed.
Mr. BURNET!.'. There certainly can be no
objection to mv amendment, which is, that offi-
cers of this House shall not receive pay for the
dt.se,har^e of two services. That has been dune
here, and is wrong; and there ought to be a pro-
viso against it attached to this bill.
Objection was made.
[I The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is clearly
1! out of oid.'!'; the Cleik had commeuccd reading
the next paia^iaoh.
1! Mr. GARjNETT. Mr. Chairman, I have pro-
!' posed to strike out the woids I have indicated,
[ lor the purpose of railing the attention of the
,1 cha 11 man of (he CotumtUee of Ways and Means,
: and of ih!> Hou Je, to the items lepoited in this
;,4gll. 1 find, eir, that only six yeais ago, m the
fiscal yeais 1S.31-52, the legislative expenses of
tins Government were <pl ,'248,018, while for the
last fiscal year they have amounted to £3.583,000,
;■ tin increase of ^2,530,01)0 in six years. J think
that this bill will show how that, increase is ef-
b lected. It i.s not meiely in the compensation of
ij members of Congress, butm every item, whether
;J fixed by law or contingent. Take, for instance,
'■ the item of contingencies: you will find that the
j* estimate for the fiscal year 1854 was $23,000.
i! Now, the Committee of Ways and Means report
;! $78,000. You will find that in the year 1S54 the
contingent expenses of the Senate were §175,000,
;■ and now the Oomminee of Ways and Means re-
pott y210,000 Amongst them is the item of sta-
tions y, ;\7,5J0; while for this House, containing
four times the numborof uiembeis, the stationery
item is only double that amount. Here are items
; i witlun the control of the Committee of Ways and
Means, within the contiol of Congirss, and why
II are they not cut down 5 Why doe^ not the Com-
, nntteo of Ways and Means cut down these esti-
motes to th" standard winch existed only four or
five years a^o J What is this miscellaneous item ?
What do these miscellaneous items consist ofr
; The particular item I propose to strike out is only
$•-20,000; but wc have a bill before us appropri-
ating $3,500,000 for expenses of the legislative
department of the Government, when only six
years ago they were $1,250,000. I want some
explanation from the chairman of the'Committee
of Ways and Means, before I am called upon to
vote for such a bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gentleman
calls the attention of the committee to the increased
expenditures in the legislative department. They
have increased; and they have increased by our
own act. They have increased by the increase of
the salaries of members of Congress. They have
increased by the addition to the clerical force to
your committees, and by the increased number of
persons employed about the respective Houses.
The contingent expenses of the Senate, as well as
of the House, have increased in consequence of
the increased printing which each House orders;
in consequence of your ordering maps to be en-
graved and lithographed; and in consequence of
your ordering a large addition to the usual num-
ber of documents to be punted and circulated.
This is the way in which your expenditures are
increased. The amendment of the gentleman from
Virginia relates entirely to the contingent ex-
penses of the Senate. There is an estimate, un-
der the head of contingent expenses of the Senate,
for the purpose of binding documents ordered by
Congress, of £50,000 for the next fiscal year.
'ihete is an'item of ^30,0J0 for hthogiaphing,
of *7 ,500 for stationery, of *>3,500 for newspa-
pers; and then there me items for printing and
binding the Congressional Globe, reporting the
proceedings, and for payment of clerks to com-
mittees, pages,&c. The gentleman inquires what'
is embraced under the hend of " miscellaneous
items." I answer, the contingent expenses of
the two Houses that are not embraced under the
preceding heading. Every time that we have an
announcement of the dealh of one of our mem-
bers, expenses aie incurred; every time that a
member of the House dies while Congress is in
session, all the expends attending the funeral are
paid our of tins appropriation. Then, all expendi-
tures appertaining to witnesses before the respec-
tive committees have been paid out of it. The
geni! man speaks of the item for stationery for
the Senate. That is a matter over which the
Committee of Ways and Means has no control.
Mi. GARNETT. The House has.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. The House has
control over it. The House may, if it choose,
lefusc to appropriate money for the stationery
which is dnected to be furnished to each of the
Senators. There ate specific appropriations for
stationery, and for the contingent expenses of the
CioiHe as well as of the Seriate; but we are now
considering the expenses of the Senate.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman will allow
me to ask him a question. I ask the gentleman
from Missouri whether, under the heading of
" contingent expenses of the Senate," the money
appropriated cannot be used for any one of the
items that come under that head ? For instance,
heie are items fot binding and hthogiaphing and
engraving and for the payment of committee ex-
penses, &c. Cannot the whole of the apptopna-
tion, under the head of 46 contingent expenses,'*
be paid out for some of the items, leawng defi-
ciencies for the others ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I understand the
ruling of the First Comptroller to be otherwise.
The Clerk iias m his hands, at tlu.-s time, money
appropriated for contingent expenses, while there
are delieienci^s in some Hems, and he cannot ap-
ply the money to their payment. The gentleman
from Virgniiainquires why the committee did not
reduce the contingent expenses of the Senate. I
answer lam tiiat the Committee of Ways and
Means have recommended a reduction on the es-
timates submitted to them, and I suppose that
that fact did not escape the keen vision of the gen-
tleman from Virginia. The first item, for bind-
ing, was estimated at $60,000. We reduced it to
$50,000. For engraving, the cs'timate was $40,000.
We reduced it to $30,000. For stationeiy, the
estimate was $>15,000. Wc reduced it to <£7,500.
Mr. GARNETT. Will the gentleman tell us
on what ground he mad<j these reductions5
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It was on an ar-
bitrary rule.
Mr. GARNETT. And why not on the same
arbitrary rule reduce the appropriation still more ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. If the gentleman
