1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
wiii show that any amount he may name will be
sufficient, I am willing to go with him in the re-
duction*.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Mis-
souri says that the rule under which these appro-
priations were reduced, was an arbitrary one. I
desire, to ask the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means whether, in making appropri-
ations by Congress, the true policy is not to make
the appropriations specific; and whether it is not
wrong to incorporate, in an appropriation bill, an
item for "miscellaneous expenses/5 $20,000? If
this sum is to pay witnesses, let us designate how
it is to be applied ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I answer the gen-
tleman from ICentucky, if the gentleman's desk be
knocked over and broken, it must be repaired;
and the repairs must be paid for out of this mis
cellaueous item.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman is mistaken;
because, in a subsequent page of this bill, there is
a specific clause for repairs, &c. They do not
come under the head of "miscellaneous."
Mr. SMITH, of ^Virginia. I ask the gentle-
man fiom Missouri to look at the 2(Mi page.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. We have not
reached that point.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. There will be found
there an item of £40,000 for miscellaneous ex-
penses; makin? $G'J,0(JU for,thc two Houses.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It is sufficient to
answer that question when we come to it. We
are now considering the contingent expenses of
the Senate. As a matter uf course, no one can
estimate the exact amount; we uin only form an
opinion ftom what the preceding expanses have
been. The appiopriations have been lvpo-ted on 1
that principle. The money appropriated in the
act passed the other day, for the payment of wit- .
nesses before investig;ftmg committees, will be ■
earned to the miscellaneous expenses of the
House. It was so with the bill passed last ses- i
sion, appropriating $55,000 for the payment of j
the expenses of witnesses before committees.
The question being on Mr. r's> amend-
ment, i
Mr. KEITT called for tellers. j
Tellers were ordered; and Messis. Buffivton ■
and Bryan were appointed. !
The committee divided; and the tellers repoit- j
ed—ayes eighty-four; a further count not being :
demanded.
So the amendment was adopted. |
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I de-'ire to know if it I
is in order to move to postpone the fun her con- '
esderauon of this hill for the present'1
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order in com- !
mnteo to move to postpone the consideration of a i
bib. j
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to amend by strik- 1
ingoutthe words " and mileage," in thr follow- j
ing paragraph of the bill: i
<k For compensation and mileage of jie'inljci - of (he
of UopieMMitauve* ;uul Delegates, Hum tilt* 'lYtiuotien, ■
§1,219,000."
And add the following proviso: !
Provided) That no patt ot the ii'Ojvy by llii- bill uppjo-
pnaii'd f-iia 1 b.« p,ii/l to ;iny m<;nsu« i i.i ot tne
TJjirfy-S(\th Goiiyie^ joi oi on account of 'inicfige. |
I understand, Mr. Chairman, tint $'300,000 is
the exaat amount appropriated for mileage, and
I propose, therefore, also, to reduce the appropii- ■
ation that amount.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, is that amend-
ment m order ? j
Mr. El Nu EI AM. I should like lo h ive the gen- j
tleman from Missouri give borne iiasmi why the j
amendment is not in oidei. it do<<s not propose !
to change existing liw. It is simply a proposi- (
tion to strike out cettain woids m the oarayiaph j
and to insert others instead, the only effect of j
which is to limit the appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the
amendment is out of oider, as it pioposes, in ef-
fect, a change of existing law.
Mr. BINGHAM. I'submit that it changes
no existing law ; it simply rcduccs the appropria-
tion, and limits the application of what is retained
in the appropriation.
The CJtfAIUMAN. The Chair thinks that
the effect of the amendment would be to change
the existing law; and therefore rules tin# amend-
ment out of order.
Mr-BINGHAM. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. SCALES called for tellers upon the ap-
peal.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Lovf.joy were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes seventy-five; a further count not being
demanded.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained; and
the amendment ruled out of order.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I move to strike out the
whole clause, as follows:
i " For compensation and mileage of members of the
! House of Repie&entatives and Delegates from Toiritories,
, #1,-219,000/'
i This House, at the last Congress, fixed its own
, rates of compensation and mileage; and my object
I now, in moving to strike-out this provision,is to
leave the next Congress to fix Us own mileage
and compensation accoiding to its own will and
discretion. I am to leave this Congress, and I
desire to leave the next Congress to fix its own
compensation, and to take its awn responsibility.
Time will be abundant time, after assembling,
to regulate its own pay.
I move this amendment for the further reason,
that when the present bill regulating the compen-
sation and mileage was introduced by our present
Speaker, it was under the solemn declaration to
the whole country that the matter of mileage
should become a subject of investigation and re-
form at the first available moment which should
present itself to the House, In obedience and in
ciccoidarit'e to that undm&tandjng, I vote d for the
present law. Hut when we e.une to bring up the
question of mileage, the Committee on Mileige
held, that feuhject under consideration until a late
day in the session; and when the bill was report-
ed, it was, on motion of the genth man repoiting
it, refened to a Committee of the Whole House,
which was equivalent to a injection of the bill.
Mr. IvKLSftY. Will the gentleman allow me
to interrupt him just hoe.
Mr. CJ1 DDINGS. I have but fiv" minutes, and
w ant to place mysv If ri«-iit on thi.s hubject. When
the bill had bum comnutt'-d, :is 1 have already
stated, I moved a reconsideration, and held the
floor in support of that motion; but before I could
call up the motion in legulai ord'-r, I had the mis-
foitune to fail unconscious in my place here, and,
as soon as able to travel, I left for home; but re-
quested two of my colli allies to call up my motion
at the first opportunity, but m y ft tends [Messi s.
Hi-YGIIAM and Ui.issj were unabh; tu get the mo-
tion before the Hour^e. The abine to which I
refer consists m the fact t'rnt some members here
are receiving $(>,000 salary, and near twelve thou-
sand doilais mileage, making, for each Congiess,
more than seventeen thousand dollats, while
othu s receive only ^6,100. This is an inequality
which ought to be corrected. I say it is an abuse
and misapplication ot the fund winch has been
eomnutled to our care. To pay it out thus reck-
lesslyand thus unequally isan abuse winch ought
to be collected, 1 repeat, that 1 Voted for the
piesent bill b< cause of the de< lar.uion v. Inch cani|>
from our present Speaker—the gen'h'nan who
brought forward that lull—that ti'is should be
corrected upon the fn*t oppo tuni;y.
The question is now up; and I ask the House to
permit tin1 next Connie:;.-, m fix its own mihvge.
Mr. KELSEY. lam opposed to the anicnd-
mentouaed i,\ t!ie gentleman fi mn Ohio, and lor
tne ieaso,i^!iat I think membeis should be paid
mileage for con.nej. toattenil these .-'..scions. As
the gentleman Uu!y way;-, 'Commutee on Mile-
age, m the last Coii^i uf-s, of wheJi I h \d the honor
to*be a ni'.miK':', brought forwaid a bill to iegu-
iate and equalize the mileage—that is, a minority of
that committee did; for a majonty of the commit-
tee .were opposed to it. 1 introduced a bill from
the mmotiiy, giving to members compensation
and the present mileage up to two huiiditd and
fifty miles, and for all distances traveled ovei that
numbei, ten cents m:r mde. That, m my judg-
mcnt, won the nearest eppioxmmtion to equality
which could be obtained at that time; and I think ,
that is the neaiesf opproxiMation which could be
obtained now.
If the proposition of the /renileman from Ohio
shall be voted down, I propose to submit an
amendment ingraft.ng thut mopnsition upon this
bill.
Mr. BLISS. I wish to state in this#connection,
as 1 have been referred to by my colleague, [Mr.
Giddings,] that I fully substantiate his remarks
in reference to his action upon the bill which was
repotted from the Committee'on Mileage. I wish
also to confirm what has been said by the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Kelsey.] At the re-
quest of my colleague, then absent, (the bill being
his,) 1 often, and for several weeks before -the close
of the session, sought to obtain the floor for the
purpose of calling up that bill. But I never could
be recognized by the*Speaker when it was in order.
I, in good faith, frequently endeavored to comply
with my colleague's wishes in that respect, but
was prevented by the sharp competition for the
floor towards the-close of the session, and the re-
sult was that the bill was not brought up.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. With the permission-
of the gentleman from Now York, I will say that
the subject of the reduction on mileage has been
before the Committee on Mileage, and one of the
committee was instructed to report a bill for its
reduction; but our committee has not been called,
and I kno w not whether it will be; but I presume
thatgentleman will be ready, whenever that com-
mittee is called, to report a bill to reduce and
equalize the mileage of members, upon which
members will have an opportunity to vote, either
to keep it as it is, or to reduce it.
Mr. KELSEY. I send to the Clerk's desk an
amendment which I shall offer, if the motion of
the gentleman from Ohio is rejected.
Mr. LEITER. In order to meet the views of
my colleague, [Mr. Gidpings,] I propose to offer
ail amendment to his proposition. 1 un^prstand
that his proposition is to strike out the whole
clause Helieving, from the remarks of my col-
league, that he intends to strike out what he eon-
sideis an abuse, and to coirect what he considers
an en or 
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentleman from Ohio
will send up his amendment to the Chair.
Mr. LElTEil. It is to strike out from the clauso
the woids '• and mdeage/'so that it will leave
the pioposj11on simply for compensation to mem-
bers of the House of Ib'piepentatives.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That proposition
has already been voted on. , #
Mr. LLUTKIt The gentleman is mistaken.
The O Li A HlMAN. The amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, to the amendment
of his colle.ipjie, is in order.
Mr. LELTLil. I have no doubt, Mr. Chair-
man, that tlu;.-e amendments are otTcred in good
faith. Now, Mr, if I correctly understand the
position ot'gentlemen of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, it was admit ted upon all sides of the House
that there were abuses, so firas mileage was con-
cerned, but the matter bcin£ taken up at a late
hour of the session, it was passed upon hastily,
and mileage was left an open question. I propose
to assist my colleague from the Ashtabuladistriet
[Mr. Giddings] in lu? views, as well as my col-
league who has beep. 11 elected to the Thirty-Sixth
Congress. } hope, I hi icfoie, that my amendment
will he adoptM<|, and the amendment of my col-
league [Mr. GinoiM'.s] may not be adopted.
Mr. KEITT. Mr. Chairman, 1 shall vote
against ths; amendment, as I shall vote against
all amendments in ielutmn to tins matter. The
dttficuHy which gentlemen seem to apprehend
cannot be u ached, cannot be obviated. They
want to equalize, as they say. How aie you to
equalize? Arc \ ou to t.tke into consideration the
intellect of hit. muers, and their services; and if you
do not, th> n upon what principle do you propose*
to etjiudiZ' ? Do you p'opose to take into con-
sideration the disadvantages under which some
men come her", the losses they incur by coming
h< i<• ? If you do not do that, upon what princi-
ple do you propose to equalize? Upon what
rnmeiple can yeu equalize? JNo, sit; the only
pimcipleby which v. e should fcepuidui is a com-
pensation sufii'-lent to enli >t t he talents of the best
men in the i.iepubh  m dm service of the country.
If gentlemen do not mean to take that which was
supposed hy Conesrss to bv. Lwllicimt for that
purpose; if they mean to cut it, down below that
which is said to be sufficient, on'y to accomplish
this, then they should do the next best thing—take
away the appronilation ahogt iher, and lei every
member come only fin the honor. If you mean
to make service here jobbing; if you mean to put
members at the meicy of tdl schemers; if you
