1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-
m
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Atrato Ship Canal—Mr. Ward.
Ho. of Reps.
the appendix for the detail. The first influence
felt would be from the supply of a colony of work-
men, consuming the breadstuff's, manufactures,
tobacco, and other products of the United States,
during the construction of the work.
I find, by official statistics, that the total tonnage
owned by the United States, that would use this
canal, if constructed, is 1,857,485 tons. The car-
goes are valued at $100,294,687, and the ships at
$92,874,250; making a iota! amount of value afloat,
belonging to the United States, of $193,168,937.
This includes the whale fishery, but not the
precious metals from California. Upon this basis,
taking the diminution of time as a basis, the ben-
efit by the gain in sailing distance from one part
of the world to the other, by the Atrato canal,
estimating the saving by insurance, interest on
money, wages of men, freight, wear and tear, it
is estimated that the sum of $35,995,930 would
be saved to the United States alone, as follows:
Table showing the sawing in money to the trade of the Uni-
ted States that would result from the use of the Atrato
canal, according to the official statistics for the ye.ar 1857.
Insurance on vessels and cargoes saved  $3,803,378
Interest saved on eaigoes  3,008,840
Saving of wear and tear of ships, five per cent. 4.643/712
Saving ol' freight-money, (by time)    11,250,000
Saving of wages, provisions, crew, Stc.   13,230,000
Total yearly saving to the United States....,$35,995,930
Should the United States assume to pay the
whole interest on the work, during its progress
and completion, the amount thus saved to the
commerce of the country in one year exceeds, by
$8,500,000, the entire sum that would be required
to be paid in twelve years, or seventeen times the
average annual payment. If England and France
unite, it is over forty times the annual sum that
would be required.
We find the tonnage of England, that would
pass this canal, is 1,029,295 tons; the value of
tonnage and trade is §190,649,750. The saving
to England, upon the foiegoing basis, would be
$9,950,348, as follows:
Table shotaing the yearly saving in money to the trade of
JZjigland, as ascertained hy the official returns for 1856,
if the trade went through the Jltrato canal, instead of
« round the Capes.
Insuiance on vessels and cargoes §1,905,495
Interest on cargoes  1,858,826
Saving of wear and tear of ships  2,573.237
Saving of wages, provisions, finding, &c   3,611,790
Total  $9,950,318
The tonnage of France that would pass the
Atrato is 162,735 tons; the tonnage and trade is
valued at $67,210,609. The savings would be as
follows:
Table showing the saving in money to the trade of France
that would result from the use of the Atrato canal, ac-
cording to the official statistics for the year 1857.
Insurance on vessels and cargoes..     $753,000
Interest saved on cargoes  452,084
Saving of wear and tear of ships  325.470
Saving of freight money ebtunaied by time  276,949
Savingof wages, provisions, and outfit of ships. 376/127
Total yearly saving to France $2,183,930
Of countries other than those named—the value
of the trade and tonnage that would pass this
communication is 16,802,000 tons; the saving
would be about $1,400,000.
The aggregate of the foregoing tonnage and
trade is $467,831,296; and the total saving is
$49,530,208 annually.
These statements are predicated upon the pres-
ent state of commerce. The average increase for
the last ten years was about one hundred and ten
per cent., and it is fair to assume that the trade
will increase one hundred per cent, in the next
ten years, in which case it is estimated the saving
to the world would be $99,060,416.
Having included the trade in aggregate form, it
is perhaps proper to say that there are many
specific interests that would be greatly benefited.
It is believed that the whaling fleet, for example,
could go into the fishing grounds, and return
with as much oil and bone as they do now in two
thirds of the time, and the coasting vessels of
New England and the northeast could find em-
ployment in the Pacific, during the seasons they
are now idle, procuring guano, &c.
Notwithstanding the vast benefits that would
be secured to commerce, it might be urged that
the Government, in addition, should have some
direct benefit. In answer to this, in rendering the
aid required, Congress could provide that all na-
tional vessels and munitions of war should pass
free of charge for a certain period.
In transporting heavy merchandise (which is
about ninety-one hundredths ofall thetrade)across
the isthmus, the canal can only be resorted to on
account of economy; railroad communication be-
ing too costly, besides the difficulty in unloading
and loading. The charge for transporting a ship
and cargoofone thousand tons by the canal would
not probably eciual the twenty-fifth part of what
the cargo would cost by railroad.
If, instead of constructing a canal, it was de-
termined to build railroads across the isthmus, it
would be found that there is not o'nly a want of
room to build them upon, but that it would re-
quire twenty roads, each of them equal in capa-
city to the Panama road, to be capable of doing
the business of the canal; these twenty roads, if
built, would cost, at least, double as much as the
canal, and could not be kept in order for many
times as much as would be required for the canal.
Independently of the risk and expense of load-
ing and unloading, the cost of transportation by
railroad in that country is equal to over forty-five
times as much as it would be by canal; or in
other words, the canal can do the entire freight-
ing trade of the world in this direction, pay an
interest on the cost and the interest sunk during
construction, and maintain and operate itself for
$8,140,000 per annum. To do the business by
railroad that the canal could do at this cost, at
the prices now paid to the railroad, would amount
to $360,000,000.
I would next invite your attention, and that of
this honorable body, to another branch of the sub-
ject; which is, the physical advantages of this
route as compared with all others for communi-
cation between the oceans.
When it shall have been determined that any
road, railroad, or canal, is necessary in any di-
rection, our next duty is to decide which will be
most useful,and, in connection with the expense
to be incurred, involving and evolving one ques-
tion with the other, to settle its final place. Many
situations are alone suited for wagon roads, and
these are ample and sufficient for the wants of the
Government and the country they accommodate.
Ofher places, again, require more rapid commu-
nication, and a greater amount of tonnage is ex-
pected to pass over them. Here it is proper to
employ the facilities afforded by modern science,
and construct raihoads or canals. If swiftness of
movement, as in the case of passengers and mails,
is desirable, then railroads should be preferred.
If the commodities to be moved are heavy, and
water-carriage canbccmployed, more particularly
where a part of the journey is performed in ships
from the necessities nf the case, it is advisable to
make a canal, more especially if the goods can be
carried, ship and all, through without handling:,
so as to avoid the process of loading or unload-
ing. lfgoodscould be conveyed toourinland cities
in the same ships that cross the ocean, with their
cargoes on board, no one would desire to unload
them into a canal-boat, or on to a railroad. These
considerations become elements in the process of
reasoningby which we should decide what method
is best adapted to carry on our enormous and con-
stantly increasing business between the two great
oceans of the world. !f equal advantages exist
for loading and unloading, and water is abun-
dantly deep, no commercial man would prefer his
goods unloaded from his ship fifty miles from
the entrepot, and brought by wagon or railroad
to his waiehouse, when his ship could as well
come to the wharf at his door. The same rule
would govern in crossing the Isthmus.
Theestimated costof this projectis §73,637,141.
(See appendix.) It is evident that a work of
this magnitude can only be completed by the aid
of the Government, as a means "for postal facili-
ties, and for the transportation of military and
naval stores. It is estimated that it will require
at least nine years to complete it. To raise the
requisite means, it is proposed that the United
States should guaranty to pay interest at the rate
of five percent, upon the amount expended in the
process of the work, from year to year, for the
period of twelve years. The amounts in each,
annually, would be as follows: " ; -*
First year  ......... U : $f5fr,0Q0
Second year   .480,000
Third year..*- ✓ . fSOO„00O
Fourth year „ ' .1,250,000
Fifth year * 1,700,000
Sixth year... 2,150,080
Seventh year    2,600,000
Eighth year   3,150,000
Ninth year    3,750,000
Tenth year..       3*750,0$)
Eleventh year     ; 3,750,000
Twellth year   3,750,-000
Total interest money $27,200,000
The above is based upon the.supposition that
this Governments the sole promoter. In case Eng-
land and France joined, it would be for one third
the amount. The interest being guarantied by
the United States, or in conjunction with England
and France, it is believed that those engaged in
the construction of the canal would be able to
obtain the money necessary for their object upon
the most favorable terms.
The estimated cost of this great,work^I am
prepared to admit, is a large sum; but this esti-
mate is founded upon the actual cost of doing the
same kind of work in the same kind of a country,
and is based upon the amount of cubic*yards of
rock and earth to be excavated, and dredgiftg to
be done, and is no theoretical hypothesis of some-
thing yet never undertaken.
The costof this canal, Mr. Chairman,is predi-
cated on a depth of thirty feetat low water, and one
hundred feet wide. It is maintained that this is am-
ple and sufficient to pass the largest vessel afloat.
There is scarcely a harbor "that admits vessels
drawing over thirty feet of watei"; the great com-
mercial marts of this continent, Europe, and Asia,
do not allow vessels of this draft to enter, or at
least do not allow those drawing more to pass
over their bars, hence ships are not builtdrawing
more than this when loaded; but as the harbors
of the world mostly used do permit vessels of
twenty-eight or twenty-nine feet draft to enter,it
is deemed best to make the canal, at low water,
as deep as the deepest harbors. In width, it is
proposed that it shall be, as 1 before said, one
Jiundred feet wide; this will pass abreast two of
the large-sized merchantmen, with their, yards
clewed back, but not two of the largest steamers,
because of the width of their guards and wheej-
houses; these stealers must pass by signals,
singly, in each direction, through the rock cut.
Up the Atrato river, any sized vessel, and three
or four together, can pass one another, so that
there would be little or no detention from, any
of larger size, as the wide part extends for more
than half ihe distance from ocean to ocean.
No attempt whatever has been made to under-
estimate the cost, or to keep from the public the
information upon which the calculations are'based.
If, however, it is not in all respects correctly esti-
mated , a percentage of five or ten per cen t. of error
in the calculation would not alter our position.
This canal would be a sound and proper invest-
ment for the country to make, at $75,000,000, in
1 he manner proposed; and, if necessary,at twice
that amount.
In furtherance of the work, the Government
of New Granada has not only given all proper fa-
cilities to the private and Government engineers
that conducted the explorations; but it has, by a
formal concession, under proper restrictions, given
the right to construct, maintain, and operate the
canal for ever, accompanying this grant with va-
rious desirable privileges extended to those'that
may undertake the work. The State of New York
has also granted a special charter, under which a
company may be otganized to build the canal.
Mr. Chairman, I have merely presented some
prominent points bearing on this interesting sub-
ject. It is too vast in all its details to be discussed
under the rule of this House. I present it to this
honorable body as worthy of its most serious
consideration.
The gentleman (Mr. Kelloy) whose name is
identified with this great work lias quietly and
unobtrusively, at large individual expense, been
endeavoring to solve the great problem of the age.
He has brought this project to a position that
invites the attention of not only our own coun-
try, but the whole world. I feel the deepest in-
