1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
<0
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Pugh.
Senate
the case, the subsequent election was a mere nul-
lity, and no one can have a right to be heard as a
claimant until the Senate determine whether they
will rehear that decision. If the Senate determine
to rehear it, then I admit the claimants elected sub-
sequently have a right to contest the seats of the
sitting members who have been formerly adjudi-
cated to be members of the Senate; but until you
reverse that decision, according to my judgment,
no claimant can appear at the bar of the Senate,
or on the floor of the Senate, for the purpose of
asking the body to take action in reference to his
rights. That is the distinction that I make. _
Mr. COLLAMER. It is, Mr. President, with
me, especially at this stage of the session, an un-
pleasant task to trouble the Senate by occupying
any time, for I hardly expect to obtain much at-
tention, in relation to this topic. I have desired
that the Legislature of the State of Indiana might
have an opportunity of being heard through the
men whom they have sent here to represent them.
I desired that they should be heard through their
own agents; through their own organs, and heard
upon the very question which the Senator from
Delaware seems to suppose has been decided by
a decision which is res adjudicata, and, as I under-
stand him, incapable of revision; or, if capable
of revision, possessing such infallibility that the
Senate will not permit anybody to be beard about
it. Inasmuch as the course taken here now is
with an evident and avowed intention to prevent
their being heard at all, I cannot permit the sub-
ject to pass by entirely in silence. If the State
of Indiana cannot be heard by her proper organs,
I suppose she must be heard, if at all, by im-
proper ones.
1 was one of the minority of the Judiciary Com-
mittee who concurred in the minority report pre-
senting our views. I do not ask the Senate to
take up time by reading that report, although it
embodies a brief of the argument of these gentle-
men in support of their right. I do not ask the
Senate now to listen indirectly, by the reading of
that report, to an argument which they do not
choose to hear directly; but I must be permitted
to say a word or two.
I cannot regard it as true that a decision made
by either House of Congress in relation to a mem-
ber's right to a seat is conclusive. The power of
the Senate to judge of the elections and qualifi-
cations of its members is not exhausted by once
resolving upon the subject. It is an abiding and
continuing power. I do not hold that an election,
ill itself unlawful, can be made lawful by a reso-
lution of the Senate. The Senate does not, by a
resolution, make an election; it merely expresses
an opinion upon the legality of an election; but
the power to judge still remains in no way ex-
hausted. Such a continuing power is absolutely
necessary to us. Suppose it were suggested to j
us that a member sitting here had once, if you I
please, obtained a resolution in his favor by a set i
of forged, simulated, and fiaudulent pnpeis, by j
which we had been imposed upon: must not the j
Senate have the power to revise its decision ? Most :
unquestionably. I do not present that as a case
parallel to this. I merely cite it for the purpose
of showing the absolute necessity of the exist-
ence and continuance of the power of revision.
The first question that arises is, has the Senate
the power of revision or reexamination of its de-
cisions? On that I do not choose to take up any
moie time. In the next place, what is the proper
occasion on which (hey will putin exercise this
power? When will they do it? I take it, when-
ever they are addressed respectfully by a body of
people who have the right to be represented in
the Senate, and are asked to make a reexamina-
tion, they should do it; and if that body, who had
the right to elect, considering that there has been
no election, make one, and send it here to be ex-
amined into, contending that the former election
was illegal and the present legal, it is the duty
of the Senate to examine it candidly and fairly.
If they do not find any different presentation nf
facts, they may affirm their former decision. If
they find a manifest difference, or if they find on
examination that they themselves have been mis-
taken—mistaken as to a matter of fact, or as to a
matter of law, on the consequence of what took
place—I take it they will correct that mistake, and
they ought to have the candor to correct it. They
New Serif.s—No. 9.
at least ought not, I tljjnk, to assume the ground
that they have made an infallible decision, and that
they are unwilling to correct it, and unwilling
even to hear the subject argued. The claim of
infallibility does not become any human being.
We are all fallible creatures.
Nor, sir, is the present case at <11 without pre-
cedent.* I cannot but regard the precedent which
was cited here before, of the Mississippi mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, as perfect-
ly in point on this subject. On that occasion,
Messrs. Claiborne and Gholson were elected, at
a special election, members of the House of Rep-
resentatives for the Twenty-Fifth Congress, there
being a special session. When the session came,
their rights to seats were objected to. The ques-
tion was sent to a committee, and the ground
taken was, that the Governor had no power to
call a special election for the purpose of electing
members to a called session of Congress; that
members could only be elected at a regular legal
election. On examination, however, the commit-
tee reported that those members thus chosen by
the people were elected to, and were entitled to
seats as members of, the Twenty-Fifth Congress
—the whole Congress. They took their seats as
members of the Congress. This was in Septem-
ber. In November afterwards, came the regular
election of the State; and the people elected two
different men, Mr.Word and Mr. Prentiss. They
came to the other House with their credentials,
and claimed their seats. The subject was taken
up, reexamined, argued at great length, and the
House revised its former decision and rescinded
the first resolution. This was done by the very
House of Representatives which had decided, by
a resolution placed upon record, the question of
the election of these members. There was no
new fact involved in the second decision. There
had been a new election in the mean time, in des-
pite, as gentlemen here would say in contempt,
of the decision of the House; bat the people made
the election, and sent different peisons here. On
that occasion the House of Representatives did
not refuse to examine into the subject. It was
insisted that no new matter could be shown in
relation to the right of Messrs. Gholson and Clai-
borne to their seats; but still the House reexam-
ined the subject and rescinded the former resolu-
tion entirely. And why? Because they found they
had been mistaken in relation to the legal conse-
quences and effects of the election. They had de-
cided them to be entitled to the seats as members
of the Twenty-Fifth Congress, when they were
not entitled to them. The result was, that the
election was sent back to the people again; but
of that part of the case I have nothing now to say,
for it is not involved here.
Now, Mr. President, the question is, have the
Senate the right and power, and is it their duty,
when respectfully applied to, to reexamine their
decision m relation to the seats of Senators ? I
think they have the power. I think tiiey should
perform it. Whether, when the examination has
been made, and the State of Indiana has been
heard in relation to that point, the Senate will re-
affirm their former decision, it is not now for me
to say. All I ask is, that the subject may be
fairly and candidly examined.
A word mere in relation to the form in which
this question is presented. The Senator from New
York, in effect, applies for permission to those
gentlemen to be heard. The Senator from Ohio
proposes, by way of amendment, as n substitute
for that proposition, that it shall be declared to be
res aijudicata. The only way that I see in which
we can regularly get at the question of the hear-
ing of this case, is to reject, for the present, this
amendment. It may be a proper one after the
hearing; it may be that the Senate will then agree
to it; but it should be offered only after a hearing.
The proper way is, for us to reject this amend-
ment, and then take the question as whether we
will hear the gentlemen sent here by the Legisla-
ture of Indiana. After they shall have been heard,
Senators can present the proper resolution which
the case may require.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, can I
not ask to divide this proposition, so as to have
the question first upon striking out, and then upon
inserting? There is an amendment before the
Senate; and a proposition is made to strike it out
and to insert other matter. Can I rio t ask for. a
division of that question, so as to, have the, vote
first upon striking out? ' 1
The VICE PRESIDENT. , rule
Senate, it is not divisible. ' ~
Mr. CRITTENDEN. .Very well,air. ' ; '->f
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, I not only: think
my amendment is the right resolution, but I think
it is offered at the right time. Mr. Lane and Mr.
McCarty do not come here with anycredentials/
They are not contestors, seeking a seat, '.Ttfejr
have not even presented a memorial to the Senate.
They are the bearers of a memorial from certain
gentlemen of the Legislature of Indiana.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman in-t
dulge me for a moment?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly.
Mr. COLLAMER. They have filed the cer-
tificates of their election, which have been referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with the me-
morial of the State Legislature.
Mr. PUGH. I do not know what they hav,e
filed; but I have seen no such credentials pre-
sented to the Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. They have been pres&nted"
to the Senate. ■ - . *
Mr. PUGH. Well, let us take it that-way. I
will give the gentleman the benefit of t^at, Tjjejr
credentials are no more than blank paper, unless'
there is a vacancy in the representation from tho
State of Indiana; for to pretend that a Legisla-
ture, which is not authorized to elect any Senator
unless there is a vacancy, can make a vacancy in
order to fill it, is a preposterous proposition. Ac-
cording to the regular period of the terms of Sen-
ators in Indiana, the present Legislature was no.t
chosen by the people for any such purpose. In
order to arm itself with power which the people
never gave, to enlarge its own functions, H re-
solves, as an appellate court, to reverse the de-
cision of the Senate of tho United States, and
make a vacancy, in order to have the pleasure of
filling it. That is the whole case. There is a
memorial from these gentlemen, not an electoral •
body for Senators, asking us so far to defer to
them as to give them a right to choose Senators.
If it were put as a question of courtesy, really put
so, I would as lief hear these gentlemen, as any-
body else; and when the former resolution was
offered, giving them the privilege of £he floor
pending the hearing of this petition, if I had eon*
ceived that it was in truth a question of courtesy,
I should not have hesitated an instant; but I con-
ceived that they were no more than the ordinary
bearers of a memorial; and the rule of the Senate
is express that no party shall be admitted to pre-
sent a petition, or to read it. They were merely
the bearers of a petition. A petition from the
Legislature of Indiana is but a petition. It is not
a legislative act. It has not passed through the
forms of legislation required by the constitution
of that State. It is no more to-day than a peti-
tion signed by the gentlemen who voted for it in
the one or the other House. Who authorized
the Legislature of Indiana to become a petitioner?
That is not her position under the constitution of
that State. This petition is a voluntary act—the
voluntary act of the parties who voted for it; and
these gentlemen are but the bearers of it. I see
no more reason why I should admit them to the
floor of the Senate^ pending the decision of their
petition, thah I should admit any other petitioner
who comes here. I consider that that involved
an important principle; and therefore I voted to
lay upon the table the proposition to admit them
to the floor.
Now, the Senator from New York and the Sen-
ator from Vermont tell us, again and again, that
these gentlemen must be admitted to argue their
case, why, sir, they have no case. Thatis the
very question. If they have a case, by all means
let them be heard. But the first thing for us to de-
cide is whether they have a case; for until pai ties
have brought their case before the tribunal, and
have the court and the jury ready to hear them,
who ever heard of their arguing their case? The
question for us to determine, and which I ask the
Senate to determine by a vote upon my amend-
ment, is, whether, in present circumstances, there
beany contestors before the Senate. That in-
volves the question of what is the effect of our
decision upon the contest at the last session.
