752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
Mr. RUFF1N-- I move to amend the amend- ;
ment of the genilcnian from Ohio, by increasing
the amount one dollar.
Mr. NICHOLS. That is not in order. I have
proposed no increase.
Mr. RUFFIN. Then I move to decrease the
original appropriation $100.
Mr. Chairman, a great deal has been said about
equalizing the pay of the employes of this House,
and I notice that it has been indulged in goner-
ally by the gentlemen here who voted against j
suspending the rules for the purpose ofpermittmg ;
the Committee of Accounts, at the last session, |
to introduce a bill which they had matured lor |
that very purpose. That bill was to fix the num- .
ber of employes under the Clerk, Sergeant-at-
Arms, Postmaster,and Doorkeeper ofthe House.
Gentlemen would not permit it to get in, and be
considered. Things went on, as members will
recollect, in such confusion that the House frit
itself constrained to dismiss one of its officers,
and to pass a resolution fixing the number of em-
ployes, so far as the Doorkeeper was concerned.
And 1 may state here, sir, that so far as my
experience goes there never has been at any tune
within the six years that I have been hero, so
general a concurrence in the opinion 4,hat the offi-
cers ofthe Doorkeeper have performed their duties
faithfully. Since the adoption of that resolution
last session I have not heard one word of com-
plaint against the superintendent of the folding-
room, or any of his subordinates. I have not
heard one word of complaint against the Door-
keeper or any messenger under him. It was said
at that time that if we reduced the pay of these
mcssongfirs to three dollars per day we could not
get competent men to take the places. But we
see that we have got men who perform their du-
ties much better than they were performed when
we paid these messengers $1,'200 and $1,800 a
year. If the House, instead of adopting the
amendmt nt submitted by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Nichols,] would take up and pass
the bill now on the Calendar which was reported
by the Committee of Accounts atthelast session,
and let it go to the Senate and be thcto amended
so as to cover the employes of that body, (for
such an effort would be made there also,) the
whole matter would be putnpon a proper footing
and we would avoid all this trouble in future.
Mr. NICHOLS. Why not get up that bill and
pa«fs it? 1 am satisfied with it.
Mr. RUFFIN. Why, sir, those gentlemen
who are opposed to it; who are always saying
that reform is commenced at the wrong place;
have prevented the bill from being taken up. We
cannot get a vote of two thirds to suspend the
rules, in order to take it up out of its regular or-
der; and the probability is that we wili not icacli
it in im regular order before the 4th of March.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am for it.
Mr. RUFFJN. Yes, sir; I believe you voted
to suspend the rules; but a huge majority, and
especial! y on that side ofthe House, voted against
a susneiiMon of the rules. Now, I think it is abso-
lutely xH'C'ssary these olticers should all be placed
on a footing of equality; and this is the light
place to commeneo that reform. If we adopt the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, the thing
will go over, and we will not hear of it again; or
if we do. it will only be to see it share the same
fr:te R shaied last session—have it smothered up,
and get no direct vote upon it.
Pvjt. MASON. As I was concerned last session
in g< ttirg up the bill to regulate the compensation
of o;if employes, 1 desiie to say a word in reply
to the gentleman fiom Ohio, who seems so veiy
desirous of getting them all on the proper fouling,
end who wishes to know why the friends of that
measure Ivve not got it up and passed it. I deal
in practical legislation only. I saw at the time
very plainly ts><u a majority in the House was
oppose J to any change on that subjcct. The rea-
son why the Dooikeeper's department wa* the
only one reformed at tint time was, that it was
apparent to every one that there was something
wiong in the system then going on. TIkto was
ro limit fixed as to the numbu or compensation
of hi,j suboidmau's.
J\Ir^ MONTGOMERY. I rise to a question
of order. The gentleman from North Carolina
[Mr. Ruitiv] offered an amendment to the amend-
ment, and spoke in support of it. The gentle-
man from Kentucky, instead of opposing it, is
following in support of it. That is not to be
tolerated.
Mr. MASON. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania is mistaken, or he would not call me to or-
der. It is always out of order to say something
on some things. I am opposed to the reduction
contemplated in the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will confine "himself to opposition to the
amendment.
Mr. MASON. I am at thaft very thing. The
appropriation is just right now, and I am opposed
to any reduction of it.
As the gentleman from North Carolina remarked,
if the House will take the bill reported by the
Committee of Accounts last session, out of the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union and pass it, we will have the compensation
of ail our employes equalized and regulated. It
will not affect the salaries ofthe present employes.
It will operate only in the future. The changc
which we effected in the Doorkeeper's depart-
ment has operated like a charm, and if the other
offices of the I-Tbuse are regulated in the same
way, the same beneficial change will be produced.
Before t hat time, the Doorkeeper had the power to
make various temporary appointments, and it was
a very common thing when a member wanted to
send home a constituent, to get a certificate for a
months7 pay for him and send him home. To be
sure, the Committee of Accounts had no right to
pass such an account, but they did not like to be
considered penui ious, and so they allowed every-
thing that they could allow, consistent with the
law. But now the number of the messengers is
fixed, and if the Doorkeeper exceeds the limit
allowed, he must pay the additional men out of
his own pocket. It was for employing more men
than lie was authorized to employ, that the last
Doorkeeper was turned out of office. And yet
that man had not acted dishonestly. He had not
reo ived a dollar of the compensation of his sub-
oidinaies. It all went into their own pockets.
[Eleie the hat lmcr fell.]
Mr. RUFFiN withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I propose to amend
the amendment, by declaring it not applicable to
any new employe.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman fiotn Pennsylvania is clcaily out of
order, because it changes existing law.
Mr. MONrGOMERY. Well, sir, 1 move then
to amend by increasing the appropriation $100. 1
desiie simply to say that I am a ftiend of^re-
trenchment and economy; t am in favor of re-
ducing the expenses of the Government down to
the lowest possibly cent that it can be conducted
foi; but j at the same time, while I am an advocate
of economy, I am also an advocate of equality.
When I commence letrenchmcnt I will not com-
mence it with the wages of the laboring man.
When I have induced him to come here at a
salary hxed by law, I will not reduce that salary
after he has come, and, with his faunly, settled
down in the ejty of Washmgton under the expect-
ation that Ins compensation was to continue as
when he eushe, and when he has served faithfully
in the capacity in which lie has been employed.
i say that 1 am not prepared to strike-down the
pay of these officers under the circumstances in
| which the attempt has now been made. When
j the late Dooi keeper was dismissed, under the cx-
j citement of tiie occasion a resolution was intro-
| duced and passed by the House, which does
S great injustice to the Doorkeeper and the em*
! ployes under hmi. The employes of the Door-
■; keepei were entitled to be placed upon an equality
'j with the other employes of the House; but, sir,
| the compensation of the employes in the oflie^ of
1} the Postmaster of the House, those in the olli.ee
\\ of the Clerk of the House, and all the other em-
it ployes, remains precisely the same as befoie,
\\ whilst those of the Doorkeeper were reduced.
| Now, sir, 1 am opposed to that inequality, to
that gross injustice. I say that it is due to the
I House that you should wipe out that resolution
| fiom youi Jomn-d, passtd, as it. was, in violation
1 <.f i.nv. The sauries of the employes under the
! Doorkeeper were fixed by the joint resolution of
i 16^-1; and the resolution of the gentleman from
■ j Kentucky, [Mr. Ma: ox*,] which passed the House
i op the occasion to which I have referred, was
;! simply a resolution of this House, and could not
; repeal a law of Congress, and is not binding; so
that the resolution was not only unjust in itself,
butit was illegal. That is all I desire to say.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is always un-
pl'easantto me to hear gentlemen upon this floor
talk about strikmgdown the poorman. Itisman-
ifestly an argument ad enptandum vutgus. Sir,
the only question which this House can properly
consider in this connection is, whether the com-
pensation of the officers ofthe House is sufficient?
Is it a fair equivalent for the service rendered ? I
ask this House, confidently, if this is not the le-
gitimate inquiry} If the compensation ia insuffi-
cent for the service rendered, then increase it; but
I want to know what argument can be derived m
favor of increasing it, from the fact that other em-
ployes of the House are paid at a higher rate, if
it can be demonstrated that they are paid at too
high a rate for the servicc rendered ? I say that
anysuch argument is unsound, and ought not to
influence the judgment of this committee in de-
termining their action upon this question.
I will add here what every gentleman upon this
floor knows—what I suppose the gentleman from
Pennsylvania knows—that the only way to effect
a reduction in the civil expenses of the Govern-
ment is by taking those expenses in detail. If
you take the whole roll of the civil list, and un-
dertake to cut down the salaries in the aggregate,
you are met by a combination that this House
has not the moral courage to bear up against.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. 1 am ready to do it.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania may be ready to do it, but
this House has not the capacity in point of moral
courage to do it, as I know from experience. Sir,
the measure introduced at the last session of Con-
gress by the Committee of Accounts, the integ-
rity of which no man can doubt, this House could
not carry out, and could not carry <fht simply from
the opposition of members upon this floor. I re-
gretted exceedingly that it could not have been
done, and regretted it because i wanted to see the
question of compensation of the Ilouse employes
fixed upon a permanent basis—on a basis of pay-
ing forservice according to iu value, and no more.
Upon what basis is that service now paid? For
what service is a messenger of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives paid a salary of §1,756?
Tiie salary paid under the resolution adopted at
the last session, to the Doorkeeper and his em-
ployes, is of a character that would command the
employment of thousands m the district of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, where there are
thousands who do not receive a compensation of
more than two hundred dollais a year, as there
are in my district.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. But they do not have
to pay twenty dollais a week for board.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I trust, sir, that
the committee will not adopt this amendment;
but that the Hnuse will, whenever they have an
opportunity, go on and fix the compensation of
each of the employes upon a basis which shall
give to each a fair compensation for the se.vice
rendered, and no more.
Mr. MONTGOMERY, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move to amend by adding:
And all such payments shall be made m accordance
with the law as it now e\k t->.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rise to a question
of order. That amendment is to change existing
law, and is not in ^rder.
Mr. NICHOLS. On the contrary, it is to
carry out existing law.
Tne CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules the
amendment out of order, on the giound that the
gentleman from Ohio cannot olici an amendment
to his own amendment.
Mr. ICUNKEL, of Maryland. I will offer the
amendment which has just been read, for the
purpose of saying a few wouls.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a question of order.
That amendment is simply the existing law, and
does not mean anything. ,
Mr. NICHOLS. As'that amendment proposes
to carry out existing laws, I think it ought to be
i in order.
j| The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
li the amendment is m order.
n Mr. NICHOLS. Then I have the floor.
!! The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ma-
li ryland is entitled to the floor.
li Mr. KUNKLL, of Maryland. I wish to call
