THE-CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1859.
New Series....N<r. 4& -
the attention of the committee, for one moment,
to the Constitution of the United States, which, in
this discussion, seems to have been entirely over-
looked. 44 The House of Representatives shall
choose their Speaker and other officers;" and, un-
der my reading of this instrument, the House of
Representatives cannot only fix the number of its
officers by a simple resolution of this body, but
it can also vote to pay those officers out of the con-
tingent fund which may be appropriated for its
expenses.
Now, sir, the argument of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, and of others around him, is of no
avail at all in this discussion. It docs not require
either a law or a joint resolution in order ro fix
the number of employes of this Hoase, or the
amount of their compensation. A simple resolu-
tion will do both, in my judgment. Under the
construction which I, as a member of the Com-
mittee of Accounts, gave to this clause of the
Constitution—and I think a majority of that, com-
mittee agreed with me—the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mason] was sup-
posed to be of binding force, and*they have en-
deavored, so fer as they could, to carry it into
execution, although it is clear that the resolution
of the gentleman from Kentucky, which has been
adopted by this House, did nor repeal the joint
resolution^ or other lesolutions of this House,
upon this subject, heretofore existing; and the
truth is, that if a h'gal construction were given to
the resolution of the gentleman from Kentucky,
it would only increase the pationage of the Door-
keeper of this House, instead ol diminishing if.
The necessity, therefore, of having some legis-
lation upon this subject, must be manifest to the
committee. Under the instruction of the Com-
mittee of Accounts, I had the honor, at the close
of the last session, of piesenting a resolution to
regulate this subject. The subject is now before
the Committee ol Accounts, mid i hope to be
able, befoie the termination oft Ins session, to pre-
sent such a resoluuon oi bill as will meet the ap-
probation of the nn rubers of this House. Hence
l believe there is no necessity at this time for this
discussion.
Mr. SR WARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment oflfeiby the s entlemai) fiom Maryland,
and I am ontiiely opposed to his conshuction of
the Constitution, aiid especially foi the use he
wants to make of it. While the Constitution
gives to each House the power to regulate the
compensation of its officers 
M r. KlIN K EL, of Man land. It does not say
"each House," but "the, House of Representa-
tives."
Mr. REWARD: Ye-?, sir; and the Hausp of
Representative-* did, jointly wi'h the Semite, en-
act a law upon this subject. Now, there is n vast
difference between fixing the compensation ofem-
ployes, and appropriating money to pay that com-
pensation. I put it to the gentleman fiom Mary-
land to say whether the resolution of the House
of Representatives, nt the last session, changes
the law which was pas?<'d by both branches of
the national Legislature'
Air KONKEL, of Maryland. I said before,
that, m my judgment, tin* resolution enlarged the
power and patronage of the Doorkeeper, instead
of diminishing it.
Mr.  SEW7AKD. Upon the subject of econ-
omy, I differ with the gentleman from Virginia,
and also as to the mimwr of bunding u about.
The whole difficulty lies wi'h the Committee of
Ways and Means, and 1 t* 11 gentlemen they will
never cheek the«o extravagant expenditures of
money until every department of the Government
is reor^ni/ed. We have too many bureaus, and
too many officers connected with them; and until
the Committee of Ways and Means learn that
they have to obey orders from other sources than
the Executive Departments of the Government,
and until they look monj to the interests of the
country and of their constituents, and until you
go brvlc and reform every solitary department of
the Government, and readjust the salaries of the
officers,you cannot cutddwn these expenditures.
48
What is the argument of the Committee of Ways |
and Means every time you move to amend a bill
by affixing a new provision to it ? They get up
and tell you that you want to change existing !
laws. And jf you want to diminish the amount I
of an appropriation in a bill, why, then it is ne- I
cessary to carry out existing laws. Why do you
not change your existing laws, and lay the foun- i
dation of reform by decreasing the number of I
officers, and readjusting the salaries of your em- j
ployes in every Department of the Government? j
When you shall have done that, you will not i
have all this ciy about violating existing laws. !
1 doubt whether any man at the head of any Dc- I
partmont of the Government can report correctly
how many employes there are in the various De- j
partments. they have multiplied to such an ex-
tent. Asthe gentleman from Kentucky very prop-
erly observed, we cannot tell what their salaries
arc. Whose fault is it? The committees want
to report, but nobody can get the floor for five ;
minutes except the members of the Committee of |
Ways and Means, and the whole legislation of j
the House is centered in them, and they are r*1- >.
sponsible for this extravagance; and 1 want the [
country to understand it. '
The question now being upon the amendment j
offered by Mr. Kunkul, of Maryland, to the ,
amendment, j
Mr. CHAFFEE called for tellers. |
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. 1>liss and
John Cochrane were appointed.
The committee' divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 88, noes 34.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mi. WASH BURN E, of Jiiimus. Mr. Clmb-
man, we have been heie now some five hours, and !
I move that the committee rise. !
Mr. IjULINETT. 1 hope the gentleman will ;
withdraw that motion. <
Mr. WASHUURNE, of Illinois. I hope not. i
Th e motion was agieed to. 1
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having '
resumed the chan, Mr. Ijaiiksdalk reported that j
the Committee of the Whole on the stale of the j
Union had, according to Older, had the Union t
generally under consideration, and particulai I y j
the civil appropriation bill, and had come to no ;
resolution thereon. \
* ARNOLD HARRIS. |i
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, f ask tho unani- ;
mous consent of the House to take from the 'J
Speaker's taide Senate bill (No. 237) for the relief ' *
of Arnold liatiis and Samuel F. jJutteiJitld, for j[
reference. ji,
Theiu was no objection; and the bill was taken ,[
up, read a first and second time, and re fern d to J
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads •'
i1
ENROLLED BILLS. j,
Mr. DA VIDSON, fiom the Committee on En-
rolled I ill 1?=, repoited as correctly enrolled tin act J
(H. R. No. b:2U) providing for the payment of ■
the expenses of' investigating commuters of the ,
House of Representatives; when the Speaker ';
signed the same. |
DR. GEORGE YATES.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missoun. I move that the
rules be suspended, and the House icsolvu itself
into the Committee of the Whole*mi the slate oi
the Union, in order to take up the President's
message, and have an evening session for debate.
Mr. MARSHALL,of Illinois. Uefore that is
done, I ask to report back from the Committee of
Claims the case of Dr. George Yates, winch was
improperly referred to that committee, and to ,
havo it referred to the Committee on Revolution- ,
ary Claims. ]
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly. ,
REMOVAL OP DESKS.
Mr. MILES. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the lions-' for leave to th" spe-
cial committee on the arrangement of the Hall to
report, and to have that report ordered to be i
printed, with amotion pending to recommit, in
order to keep the question before the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. BISHOP. I move that the House ad-
JO^
he motion was disagreed to—ayes 53, noes
68.
Mr.^PiiELPs's motion .was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
(Mr. Barksdale in the chair.)
Mr, VANCE obtained the*floor; but yielded to
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, who moved that
the civil appropriation bill be passed over in-
formally, and that the committee take up the Pres-
ident's message.
The motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr, SMITH, of Ten-
nessee, (at five minutes to four o'clock, p. m.,)
the committee took a recess until seven o'clock,
p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the question be-
fore the committee was the consideration of cer-
tain resolutions in reference to the President's
annual message, and that the gentleman fiom.
Noith Carolina [Mr. Vance] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. VANCE yielded the floor.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Georgia. The Govern-
ment of ihcUnited States owns about a thousand
million acres of land. A large proportion of that
amount is fit for cultivation. Vast regions of it are
immensely fertile. That which is not fit for cul-
tivation, is of value for grazing, timber, minerals,
and other purposes. Whatshall the Government
do with this land? This is a great question.
It is one eminently practical. The duty of its so-
lution is upon us. Let us settle it like practical
men. Let us bung to the discharge of the duty,
common sense. Let us endeavor to determine it
upon the principles of a correctand matured judg-
ment. Upon so great, so vital a question, let the
national Legislature be honest; letusputon " the
whole armor" of statesmen, and "quit ourselves
like men."
Shall the Government keep it forever, or part
with ii ? The first proposition has no advocates.
Part with it she must. Shall she sell it, or give
it away? It must go one way or the other; and
it must go to persons natural or artificial—to indi-
viduals or corporations. I believe, and shall en-
deavor to maintain, that it ought to be given, as
a general rule, to individuals; and not to individ-
uals generally, but to individual citizens who will
settie and work it; not to the rich, nor yet to the
la/,y mid vagi ant, but to the man of labor.
1 low say some of the opponents of such a meas-
ure, that Jt savors of the demagogue? we but de-
mand the rights of industry. To create distrust
in the fidelity of its friends, is a stratagem of its
adversaries. So was it " in the days of the proph-
ets;" the false accused the true. So will it ever be
while the struggle continues between truth and
error. Truth reasons; error taunts and derides.
The k< simple ones" only are beguiled by the lat-
ter. " Do men gather grapes of thorns, orfiss of
thistles ?" " I]y their fruits ye shall know them."
" }jewa.ro of dogs," was the injunction of the
Xazarene to his disciples. It was because they
" would makegrevious havoc of the flock." Look
at the condition of earth's laboringmillions. Are
there anv " dogs" among politicians? Would
this measure make "havoc" of the mosses? I
have few sympathies for the rich; they need none.
Capital never fails to take care of itself. I liave
quite cisfewfoi willful vagrancy. " Ifman will
not work, neither shall lie eat,"is inspnation. Oar
sympathies should be with those that work, and.
with those that would work if they could; espe-
cially wtth the latter—and how many are there
