1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
131
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Trumbull.
■ Senate.
special and extraordinary case, standing upon its
own circumstances, and warranting no principle
upon which the gentlemen claiming to be con-
testants can stand.
But, sir, what is the practice of the country
from which we derive our parliamentary law
"What is the practice of the House of Commons?
A committee is drawn by lot, so that it cannot
be constituted by a majority of the members even.
The constitution of the committee is a pure mat-
ter of chance. That committee retires, and in
secret hears the parties and their counsel and their
witnesses; and the decision of that committee is
final on the House as well ason the parties. The
contests are not decided there, as they are here,
by a vote of the House; they are decided by a
vote of the committee; and in order to make the
committee impartial, it is chosen by lot. That
shows that these decisions, from the earliest lime,
have been considered as decisions of controversies
like those that are made in courts between parties.
At the last session, the issue presented to us was
whether, upon the facts, as proven before us,
Messrs. Bright and Pitch had been duly elected
Senators of the United States, in February, 1857.
We examined it; we decided it; and the simple
question is, whether our decision means anything;
whether, when we, as judges under the Consti-
tution, have decided the case, our decision shall
be treated with any respect; or, whether any Sen-
ator or person shall be at liberty, day after day
and year after year, to insist that we shall put
aside other business and reconsider that?
Therefore, I say that inasmuch as, in my judg-
ment, there is no case before the Senate; as we
have decided that there is no vacancy in the rep-
resentation from the State of Indiana, there can
be no contestor; there can be no election; it is all
void; and hence these gentlemen have no claim,
as contestors, to be heard. The right way to
dispose of it is to settle for ever, for their benefit
and for all others, the principle that a decision
of the Senate, once made m these cases, shall, as
to all the facts then alleged, and all the matters
then m controversy, be final to the end.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it seems
to be determined to force a debate on this ques-
tion, without allowing the Senators elected from
Indiana to be heard, or even an opportunity to
the Senate to vote upon the question of whether !
they shall be heard. It seems to be assumed |
that the matter is decided ? "Well, sir, I suppose i
that assumption would prevent a heating in any
case, but that is the very question in contro- !
versy. According to the report of the majority ;
of the committee, the question in controversy is, 1
whether it has been decided? Tho State of Indi- ;
ana says it has not been decided; her Senalois ,
elected say it has not been decided; a mmontyof
the members of the Committee on the Judiciary
say it has not been decided; but the majority my
it has been decided, and therefore they will not
hear; they will hear no argument upon that ques-
tion. Why, sir, that is begging the whole ques- ,
tion. It will be very difficult for any man to as- j
certain in this case what has been decided. The
extraoidmary spectacle was presented here at the >
last session of Congress, of admitting to their ,
seats two gentlemen, as Senators from one of the !
States of this Union, without any report from the
committee upon which the action of the Senate
was based giving them their seats. Ko reasons
were given for coming to such i\ conclusion.
The majority of the committee contented them-
selves by simply reporting a resolution u^clarmo;
the gentlemen entitled to seals, without giving
any reasons for arriving at that conclusion. The
majority of the Committee on thn Judiciary, who
have now presented this report, do not pretend
that the decision made last year was right. They ,
place it upon no such ground. Tlie honoiable ;
chairmen of the committee who presents the re-
port will not rise in his placc and say the decision
was right; but a decision made without a reason
is now to be interposed as an obstacle to overturn- j
ing what 1 believe to have been an unconstitu-
tional decision. Senators were admitted to their
seats a year ago, in violation of the Constitution, i
illegally, and that not controverted by the report ,
of the committee; and we cannot leach it and cor- !
rect the wrong ! Shelter is to be taken behind j
this impregnable wall of res adjvdicata. Why, sir, |i
what has been decided? The State of Indiana,
it is said, has insulted the Senate of the United
States, has undertaken to revise a decision of the
Senate. Will it be said that the State of Indiana
is not asserting her constitutional right? It is all
she seeks to do; and is she to be treated as hav-
ing insulted the Senate of the United States, when
she claims and asserts her constitutional rights,
and asks nothing more ?
Mr. PUGH. Who made any such statement ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The report, to which the
Senator from Ohio is a party, does not say the sit-
ting Senators were legally admitted. It places the
whole case upon the ground that a resolution of
the Senate, adopted at a former session,awarded
them seats.
Mr. PUGH. I should take that to be a legal
admission.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; and it would
make the Senate of the United States the constitu-
ents of the sitting Senators, and not the sovereign
State of Indiana. Do you place it upon that
ground? You refuse to open the case; you re-
fuse to hear the State of Indiana; you refuse to
hear her Senators whom she has sent here; arid
upon what ground? Because the Senate of the
t/nited States has adopted a resolution; not be-
cause it is right. If tins committee had reported
that the former decision was correct, that there was
no reason for reexamining it; that the case had
been decided rightfully, and the Senate refused
further to investigate it, that would be one thing;
but that is not pretended. The Senator from
Delaware will not rise in his place and say that
the former decision was right; but a decision
having been obtained, right or wrong, and, as the
Senator from Vermont well remarked, no matter
even if it were upon forged papers, the fact that
the decision is made is an insurmountable ob-
stacle in the way of the assertion of her constitu-
tional rights by one of the sovereign States of the
Union.
Now, sir, we deny that this case has been de-
! cided. I made the objection last year that no
i reasons were given for the conclusion at which
| the committee had arrived. If there had been,
! we could have seen the ground on which the de-
| cision was made, and could determine at a glance
whether anything new was now introduced into
the case. But tm: main reason which was given
in argument by Senators for allowing the sitting
Senalois to li<>M their seats at that tune, has van-
ished now. What was the reason, so eloquently
dwelt upon by the Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,J and the Senator from Louisiana, [Air.
Benjamin :] Let us ate if that reason exists now. :
The Senator from Louisiana said: j
"The State o> Indiana h<i> sent ns no contest of the .
!)<rht of her SnutoiN on tins door. No one of hei public :
bodie-, eitnei executive, legislative, or judicial, has- a-ked :
■ to mquito rito the tact oi their election. CViuun men
in the Suite have asked n*- to investigate if, and wo ought
to mve1-fixate it when complaint is made by men who
themselves < ome heie with clean hands ruul pine hp< ; but
when ther corn" lice, after having themselves been amity
of the vi i\ \ lolcnee and the veiy tiaud winch produced j
the rue.iiiiatiiies of which they complain, I, for one, say i
that 1 know of no rule of juptioe. of no provision of law, ;
that compels us to cue ear to their eonipUmts ; and, tor i
one, T am not willmg to do it.5*—CYo^res'sionaf Globe, j
Thnty-Tiflh Congies-, Fiist f-Cbtion, page 2'J30. J
lie was not willing to hear last year. Why? |
Because the Legislature of Indiana had not com- |
plained. He would not give ear to those who j
protested then. Why? Because their hps were ;
polluted. He will not hear now because he de-
cided last year that he would not hear then. That j
is the reason—first do a wronff, end then take •
shelter behind it, so as not afterwards to be right. ,
Tnis was the reason why the sitting Senators
were admitted to their seats—the only substantial j
reason there was. It was alleged as a reason by
the Senator from Louisiana at the time, and by the
Senator from Georgia with still greater warmth.
The Senator from Georgia said: j
'• We have the heiln-M cv nleitee of the legi -!u(j ve c'ep.ut-
mentoi Indiana but we ai e a^ked to ♦:<> behind thnt. Where
shall we go: To a fr etion ' 1 vvill not -peak of ih«-m as 1
think of them. I mo e denounced them when they wete |
with inc. f <-;,ai c my opponents t1 ■« deep indignation winch 1
i feel ;oi the tiaitoiou-- vmLihon ol then oaihs and the Con- '
stnunon of mv country. 1 say J will spate my opponent, j
though I did not *paie my lnencU on a like ueca-ion Who I
conies hiier" K then a ecnte^tiiMt3 Vo'if K Indiana i
here, piotebfmcagairi.n this eleetion through her executive, j
le^i?iative.orjudieial departments* Not'atal); thc;egen- '
tlemcn speak for her. Not one of her departments conte&ts
their authouty. Who arc the men that do? They are trai-
torous, perjured wretches."
That was the reason why he would not hoar
them. He said, further:
"A pai t of the members of the Legislatuie come here and
say,' We did not participate m the election ; the Constitu-
tion gives the power to elect to the LogiKlauue; we are a
part of the Legislature, and we had nothing to do with it,
because we wanted to defeat the great right of our sover-
eign State to be represented in the Senate of the United
Si<ue . We have been without one Senator two years, and
should hi! wnbmit another one tor two yeais, unless au
election was made at this tune; cannot you,honoiable Sen-
ators ot the United States, representatives of sovereign
States, help us to perpetrate tins iniquity?' It would go
hard with me if I could not find some place to ch< at such
scoundrels, and to defeat their scheme*. [ would lay my
hand on the luv. a?  long as u stood by me, and then I do
not knmv whether J should not be provoked to stand ou
principles of denial justice belore I could submit to it. it
is not right. I would not submit to ita I caie not who did
it."
There is the principle upon which the sitting
Senatois were admitted to their scats last session,
because there were scoundrels who objected to
their being admitted. Sir, the Constitution of the
United States telh us who shall electSenators. It
says, in so many woids, that each State shall be
entitled to two Senatois " to be choscn by the
Legislature thereof." The State of Indiana de-
clares that her,"LegUIatuic shall consist of two
Houses, a Senate and n House of Representatives,
j! The sitting Senators from that State came here
|j elected by the Mouse of Representatives alone,
!| against the solemn protest of the Senate of In-
!j diana. A faction in the Senate, less than half ita
jl members, tumultuously, irregularly, and disor-
l! derly left the body and united with certain niem-
j; bers, less than a quorum, of the House of Rep-
ij resentatives, and made the election. They were
j] the faction. The Senate as an organized body,
Ii a quorum being present, resolved that they would
have nothing to do with any such pretended t.dec-
jj Hon. That body passed a solemn resolution in
|; organized Senate, by a vote of twenty-seven to
twenty, repudiating the whole concern. They
did it m advance, before the day when the silting
Senators were elected. It was pretended that
there was to be an adjourned joint convention of
the two Houses, when in fact, the two Houses
had never agreed to meet togeiherfor anypurpose.
The Senate as a body hearing of the outrage in-
tended to be perpetrated, passed a resolution de-
claring that they would have nothing to do with
any such irregular joint meeting of membei*.
This was done m a full Senate, only three mern-
|i bers being absent. Not only was a quorum there,
ji but nearly the whole body was ihere participating
jj in the passage-of that resolution, voting for or
I against it.
;; Then , sir, when it was found impossible to sus-
|i tain the claims of the Senators from Indiana upon
ji constitutional principles, when they came here,
;! elected not by the Legislature of Indiana, which
jj is made up of two bodies, but by one of those
! bodies and a fraction from the other, the extraor-
! dinary means were resorted to to keep them hero
i by asserting that the Senate of Indiana should not
! be heard; that it was not one of the department#
I of the governmentof Indiana. It was just as good
I a department as that which sent the Senators here;
: it was one of the component parts of the Legis-
I lature. It is true itwas not the whole Legislature;
; but it was a coordinate branch of jt; and because
it insisted upon its right of an election of United
! States Senators, by the concurrent action of each
branch in its organized capacity, and refused to
go into a joint convention for that purpose, a ma-
jority of its members were denounced on this floor
' as scoundrels. Sir, what would be a fitting term
to apply to the minority of the Senate who, in a
revolutionary and unconstitutional manner, un-
i dertook to perfect an election, when such terms
are applied to the majority ?
1 A decision obtained under such circumstances
1 is sought to be presented here as an impenetrable
■ shield, through which truth and justice and the
: constitutional rights of a sovereign State cannot.
; penetrate;andshelteristakenbehii'd thisdecision,
| made without a reason, and for which such ex-
; traoidinary excuses were urged as those to which
i I have alluded.
| llut, sir, the Senator from Ohio says Messrs.
i Lane and McCarty piesent no ciedentials. There
