132
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
35th Con'g....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
has been laid before the Senate the act of the sov-
ereign State of Indiana, through the only body
known to the Constitution of this country which
has a right to clect Senators. Her proceedings
have been laid upon your tables and they show
that a meuority of both Houses, not of one, but
of each House in its organized capacity, has sent
Messrs. Lane and McCarty here as the Repre-
sentatives of that State. The papers were referred
to the Judiciary Committee, and have been re-
ported back. Are not these credentials:
Mr. PUGH. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If they are not sufficient
credentials, I do not know what would be. Jf the
Legislature of Indiana is capable of giving a cre-
dential to Senators, it has done it. The creden-
tials of Messrs. Lane and McCarty are the same
as of every man here, except the sitting Senators
from Indiana, who derive their credentials from
the Senate of the United States, m the shape of a
resolution of this body at a former session. That
is the credential which is interposed here, to pre-
vent a hearing even of the State of Indiana. Cre-
dentials come, and can come from no other source
than the Legislatures of the States.
Rut, says the Senator from Ohio, this is a ju-
dicial decision, and the Senate acts in a judicial
capacity; and Chancellor Kent is referred to where
he says that the decision of legislative bodies, on
questions of this character, should he stable;
should be settled upon principle; should be fixed.
Ah, sir, I wish the Senator from Ohio had thought
of that a year ago. Where was the Senator from
Ohio a year ago that he was overturning the ju-
dicial decision of the Senate in regard to the Sen-
ator from Iowa? There sits a Senator elected by
the Legislature of the State of Iowa, in a joint
convention agreed to by both bodies of the Legis-
lature, and when a majority of both bodies were
present; a legal joint convention, not a spurious
one, a majority of both bodies being present, and
he receiving a majority of the votes of the whole
Legislature; and yet he was turned out of this
body, and compelled to obtain a second election,
because a majority of one of the branches of that
Legislature, although present, refused to vote
cither for or against mm at his first election.
Where, then, was this love for fixed decisions?
Where, then, was your principle ofm adjudicata'.*
Mr. PUGH. The cases were different.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Unquestionably, they were
different. They were different in one essential
matter. There was no legal joint convention in
Indiana; and there was in Iowa. They were dif-
ferent in that respect, and the difference was wholly
in favor of the Iowa ease. In other respects they
wove precisoly similar, except that one occurred
in the State of Iowa and the other in the State of
Indiana; and the names of the persons elected
were diflercntjand therefore, I suppose, they were
to be decidcd upon different principles. It is sug-
gested that there was also a difference in the poli-
tics of the persons elected.
Mr. PCJULL May I ask the Senator a ques-
tion? if he did not think that the cases were
diileient, how did he come to vote different ways 1
on them ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will toll the Senator from
Ohio, and I am glad he has asked me the ques-
tion. The cases wcr« different; and how? In the
State of Iowa, a legal joint convention was called.
The Constitution of the United States says, that
Senators shall be chosen by the Legislatures of
the States, in the time, place, and manner, pre-
scribed by the Legislature. The Legislatuie of
Iowa in its organized capacity, in each of its
btanehes, prescribed the time, the place, and the
manner, of electing a Senator; and the Senator
from Iowa was elected in accordance with that
prescription. That is his case.
Mr. PUGH. Then the Senator thinks theie
was a difference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do in that respect.
Mr. PUGH. I think there were a great many
other differences, which 1 stated at the time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there was that
ditleience: the one was a legal joint convention;
but in the State of Indiana a legal joint conven-
tion was never held, and the gentleman cannot
show a joint resolution of each body of the Le-
gislature of Indiana directing the election of Uni-
ted States Senators, or prescribing the time and
place, and manner in which the sitting members
were elected. No such resolution was passed.
How then do the cases differ. In Iowa there was
a legal joint convention of both Houses called in
pursuance of concurrent resolutions of each; in
Indiana there never was a joint convention agreed
toby each House; but I will tell you how the cases
are alike.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator let me speak
again there? I thought there was a legal joint
convention in both cases, and 1 voted the same
way in both cases; but the Senator voted differ-
ently.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I voted differently, and if
the Senator from Ohio cannot appreciate the dif-
ference, I am sorry for it. If he cannot tell the
difference between a tumultuous assembly of the
members of a Legislature convened without au-
thority of law, and a regular meeting of the mem-
bers of a Legislature convened in pursuance of
law, I am sorry for his discrimination. I trust
other Senators and the country can tell the differ-
ence.
gut, sir, there was no difference in this respect:
the Senator from Iowa did not receive a majority
! of the votes of each branch of the Legislature
I when he was elected, although he received a ma-
| jority of the whole number of members compos-
i ing the Legislature, having received considerably
] more than half the members of the House, and
not quite half the members of the Senate. In that
respect, the canes were exactly alike. The sitting
Senator* from Indiana received a majority of the
votes of the members of the House of Represent-
atives, but less than a majority of the votes of the
members of the Senate. Because the Senatorfrom
Iowa did not receive the votes of a majority of the
members of the Senate, or rather, because a ma-
jority of the members of the Senate did not vote
when he was elected, did not participate one way
or the other, the Senate of the United States turned
him out; but because a majority of the Senate of
Indiana did not vote one way or the other on the
election of the sitting Senators from that State,
the Senate of the United States did not turn them
out. I voted for the Senator from Iowa tr- hold
his seat. Why? Because a regular joint con-
vention was called in pursuance of law, at the
time, place, and manner prescribed bylaw; and
I held that a majority of both branches being pres-
ent, and he receiving a majority of all the Legis-
lature, in the mode prescribed by law, he was a
duly-elected Senator. I hold that the Senators
from Indiana were not elected, because no time,
place, or manner, had been prescribed by the
Legislature, and the assembly which made the
election was a tumultuous, irregular, and unlaw-
ful one, assembled without the authority of law.
I know there is a pretense that the members in
Indiana assembled legally; and what is it? The
metense is, that the constitution of the State of
Indiana requires the Speaker to open and publish
the votes for Governor in the presence of both
[louses of the General Assembly. That was done
early m January. The returns for Governor of
Indiana were sent to the Speaker of the House of
Representatives, who, early m January, opened
them and declared the result; and his having
done so affords a satisfactory reason to the Sen-
ator from Ohio for a joint meeting of less than a
quorum of either House, and less than half the
membeis of the Senate, sometime m February, in
defiance of a resolution of the Senate, to make
United States Senators.
But, snys the Senator from Ohio, each House
of Congress, by the Constitution, is made the
' judge of the qualifications, elections, and returns
; of us members, and the Senate have decided this
,j question. Why, sir, what sort of power is it that
'I is conferred on the Senate to decide as to the elec-
II Lions, qualifications, and returns, of its members?
!i Is it a plenary authority? Can it make such dc-
jl cision as it pleases i Can it decide that, as a qual-
■ 1 ifieation, a man must be fifty years of age, when
|: the Constitution of the United States requires him
:; to be but thirty? Not at all. Can it decide that
!, an election has been held when none has been
i! held? Can the Senate of the United States make
an election of members? It can simply decide
; upon the regularity or irregularity,and ascertain
| the facts, to see whether a peison comes up to the
i qualification prescribed. The Senate can inquire
if a gentleman sent here is thirty years of age; but
it cannot elect him a Senator if he is but twenty-
nine. Such an act would be utterly void. Where
there has been no election, the Senate has no ju-
risdiction. There has never been an election of
Senators in Indiana, for the present terms, until
the present Legislature made it a few weeks since.
The body authorized to elect Senators had never
undertaken to elect till then. There was nothing
to found a decision upon; there Was no jurisdic-
tion in the Senate to decide at the time it gave
seats to the sitting Senators. A court might as
well undertake to decide a case of which it had
no jurisdiction, either of the subject-matter, or of
the parties, as for the Senate to make a decision
at its last session, that should be binding upon
the State of Indiana, and upon the gentlemen who
present their claims here at this time.
But the Senator from Ohio, finding the decision
of the House of Representatives in his way, in
the case of Claiborne and Gholson,from Missis-
sippi, seeks to remove that out of the way, be-
cause the constituencies of members of the House
of Representatives are different from the constit-
uencies of Senators. Does that alter the principle
at all? He goes on to say that the members of
the House of Representatives are elected by a
popular vote, and it is sometimes difficult to as-
certain how the popular vote is. Has that any-
thing to do with the question of res adjudicata on
which he is relying to shield himself in this case,
and to protect a decision made by the Senate at
its last session? Well, sir, the House of Repre-
sentatives did not put their decision on any such
point as that. He tells us that the House did not
reverse its former decision. I tell you it did re-
verse its decision; and for the satisfaction of that
Senator, I will refer him to the document which
shows that fact. In the sixth volume of the Con-
gressional Globe, at page 150, I find in the pro-
ceedings of the Twenty-Fifth Congress:
Mr. Bkli, now modified hw amendment, as follows:
u Strike out all after the word 1 Resolved,' and insert:
c That the lenohirion of this House of the 3d of October last,
dcclann<r that Samuel J. Ghol*on and John F II. Claiborne
wrMP duly elected members of the Twenty-Fifth Congress,
hp le^einded, and that Messr*. Ghol<on and Claiborne are
not duly elected members of the Twenty-Fifth Congress.' "
That resolution was adopted by a vote of 119
yeas to 112 nays as an amendment to the then
pending resolution, which was that Messrs. Pien-
tiss and Word were not entitled to seats. This
was adopted as an amendment, and subsequently
was concurred in by the House of Representa-
tives by a decided vote. The case from Missis-
sippi, so far as relates to the binding force of a
former decision, cannot be distinguished from the
present one. That the Senate may have a dis-
tinct statement of what the case in Mississippi
was, I will read from the argument of Mr. Bron-
son, of New York, upon that subject, where he
states, in very few words, precisely what the case
was; and he advances the same doctrine which
the Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Del-
aware now insist upon, though he was not quite
so confident as the Senator from Delaware is. He
was willing to hear and to discuss the question.
Here is what he said:
" A more solemn judicial decision was never made by this
House."
That is, then, the decision made at a previous
session declaring Gholson and Claiborne duly
elected members of the -Twenty-Fifth Congress.
He then goes on with the case:
u At the very commencement of the extra session, even
before the members were sworn, an objection wa^ made to
the right of the sittms members to feats m this House. At
the earliest practicable moment the matter wa> reteried to
the Committee of Klections, who were diiected to inquire
and report to their credentials, and ' whether they are
members of the Tuenty-Fiflh Congrcfi or no£.'
•'The committee examined into the matter, and reported,
on the 18th fcsoptembet, thai th<*y weic duly elected mem-
bers of the Twenty-Fifth Congress, and, as such, weie en-
titled to their scat*. This resolution was fully debated for
many da>^, on both sides of the question ; and alter manue
deliberation and full discussion, the House adopts d the is-
olation. on th<  3d October, by a vote of 118 to 101.
" This. icsolution declares the fa< t that Messrs. Claiborne
and GlioWon ate duly elected members ot theTwenty Fifth
Conmcso; and Us adoption i-s a judicial decision of this
Mouse, winch n the highest and onlytnbun.il for the settle-
ment ot such mutters."
Mr. Bronson declared further:
" If I doubted the propriety oi coneetness of that decis-
ion, I should feel very unwilling to slueld it now, under the
plea of6 res adjudicata.> "
