1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
133
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Green.
Senate.
I wish to put that to the Senator from Dela-
ware. Judge Bronson, although he argued and
insisted upon the former decision as a settled one,
says:
" If I douhted the propriety or correctness of that decis-
ion, I should feel very unwilling to shield it now under the
plea of (res adjudicata.'"
I ask the Senator from Delaware, if he does not
doubt the correctness and the propriety of the
former decision of this body in awarding seats to
the sitting Senators? I ask him if he does not
deem it unconstitutional, and is he willing to shield
himself under the plea of res adjudicata to uphold
an unconstitutional decision of this body? I in-
quire whether, in his opinion, the former decis-
ion was constitutional or unconstitutional? The
"solemn decision," as Judge Bronson called it,
in the Mississippi case, was afterwards reversed
in the House of Representatives, by a resolution
declaring in so many words that it should be re-
scinded; that Gholson and Claiborne were not
elected members of the Twenty-Fifth Congress;
and in looking over the yeas and nays upon that
vote, I find here in the Senate several gentlemen
who were then members of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and who voted to rescind that resolu-
tion. Both the Senators from Virginia then oc-
cupied seats in the other end of the Capitol, and
both voted to rescind that solemn decision. The
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Pearce] also was
a member of the House, and voted to rescind that
solemn decision. The Senator from Tennessee
[Mr. Bell] was a member of the House, and
voted to rescind that decision.
These gentlemen not only thought the matter
open to discusion, but, upon their constitutional
oaths and duties, solemnly voted to rescind and
annul a former decision, and to turn Claiborne
and G-holson out of Congress after they had been
admitted by a solemn decision of the House on
investigation and examination. I appeal to them;
I ask the Senators from Virginia and from Mary-
land and from Tennessee, will you now refuse to
hoar this case? Will you refuse to have it ex-
amined, when you gave a decision of this kind in
a former case, acting, as you now are, under the
obligation of an oath, and, as the Senator from
Ohio insists, in a judicial capacity?
So, sir, this is no new question; but the cases
of Gholson and Claiborne, and of the sitting Sen-
ators from Indiana, are precisely analogous. No
man can draw a distinction so far as the question
of res adjudicata is concerned, except the Senator
from Ohio. He makes the distinction; and it is
this: that the same men do not elect Represent-
atives that elect Senators; and, therefore, a reso-
lution declaring a Senator entitled to a seat is a
finality irreversible forever; but not so a resolution
in regard to a Representative. In other words,
that whether a decision is a finality or not, de-
pends upon the character of the constituents of
the person about whom it was made. A won-
derful distinction !
But, sir, the decision of last session cannot be
conclusive on the claims of Messrs. Lane and
McCarty, for the reasons which I gave the other
day; and it will be butn repetition to go over them
again. The resolution declaring the sitting Sen-
ators entitled to seats was not based upon any
avowed principle. No reasons were given for it,
as I said. It was a bare resolution; and the only
way we have to ascertain upon what principles
Senators decided is to look at the discussion; and
when we look at that, we find that the Senators
from Georgia and Louisiana made it a point in
the argument that there were no contestants; that
the State of Indiana had not, through any of her
departments, taken exception to the then claimants
for seats. Now that is changed. Now, Indiana,
through her legislative department, the proper de-
partment, does take exception to their occupying
seats; anil she says in her memorial that they are
not her representatives, but that Messrs. Lane and
McCarty are her true and lawful representatives.
If that was the controlling motive of Senators, the
case is different, at onee. They would not hear the
men who objected before; and the Senator from
Louisiana, in the height of his eloquence, de-
clared that he would not listen to such men. Will
he not listen, I ask him, when the sovereign State
of Indiana, through her legislative department,
calls upon him to do so.' Will he not hear her?
Is she to be denounced as traitorous, and her
members as scoundrels ? I think that will hardly
be done. That was the ground taken a year ago
in this body: that the State of Indiana was not
then here contesting the seats. The case is now
different. Indiana is now here through her proper
department, and that changes the parties accord-
ing to the argument of the Senators from Georgia
and Louisiana.
But, sir, other persons are now here. The
gentlemen who have laid their credentials upon
your table, which were referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, and have been reported
back, were not Senators elect of the State of In-
diana at the time when the question was taken
upon the rights of the sitting Senators to their
seats. They had not then been elected. They
had no right then to claim seats. Their rights
have arisen since, and could not have been passed
upon and could not be precluded by any decision
made before then, or before the case arose which
is now submitted forthe consideration of the Sen-
ate.
I should not have token up so much time if the
contestants had been allowed to present their
own case. I am sorry that I have been compelled
to discuss the question at all. I was for allowing
the legally-constituted representatives of Indiana
the right to come here and present their case; but
the Senate refused that; and then, as the next best
thing, I have endeavored to present it in my feeble
way, without the assistance which we should
have had if those gentlemen were here to argue
their case. I am astonished that they are denied
that privilege. In the House of Representatives,
in the case to which I have alluded, Messrs. Pren-
tiss and Word wore admitted upon the floor of
the House of Representatives and argued their
right to seats; and they had beenelected afterthe
decision m favor of Gholson and Claiborne; just
as Lane and McCarty have been elected after the
decision in favor of the sitting Senators. The
cases are precisely analogous.
In this body, when a contest arose some few
years ago between a sitting member and a claim-
ant, the claimant was admitted upon the floor of
the Senate and allowed to argue his case, although
the committee unanimously, I believe, reported
against his right, and the vote of the Senate was
unanimous against him. Such was the courtesy
of Senators—although there was no difference of
opinion in the Committee on the Judiciary; al-
though they thought there was no question as to
the right of the si tting Senator; and it was so clear
that 1 believe there was entire unanimity in the
body—still they hoard the claimant. Here is a
case where the committee is divided; where dif-
ferent opinions are known to prevail on different
sides of the Senate; and yet, the claimants are to
be turned away, and the State of Indianainsulted,
by telling her that she has undertaken to revise the
decision of the Senate. Sir, she has revised no
decision of the Senate. She has but exercised
her constitutional right to elect Senators, who are
now here demanding seats to which, in my opin-
ion, they have a clear and indisputable right.
Mr. GREEN. I shallsay buta very few words,
for I know it is the common understanding that
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Crittenden]
is to have the floor and present his views upon a
rnori. important question than that now before us.
There are, however, two or three things that I
beg leave to suggest before the vote is taken. I
presume no Senator will votemisunderstandingly.
A vote for the amendment nowpending is simply
to say, finally and conclusively, that the Senators
holding seats in this body are properly here; and
also, that to determine this question, we do not
need the advice of the two gentlemen from Indi-
ana, who come and present themselves, claiming
seats as Senators. No one will misunderstand
this; and I have thought, after two or three re-
peated attempts upon the part of the Senator from
New York, and when the Senate had repulsed it
two or three times, by a decided vote laying it on
the table, that it would there be permitted to sleep,
and that it would be understood that this Senate
did not want their advice. They have no rights
here. We do not want their advice. We under-
stand the subject for ourselves, and we are re-
sponsible for the decision we intend to make.
The practice of permitting contestants, even in i
a proper case, is a clear-matter of courtesy. It
is not a matter of right. They are not parties
before the country. They are claimants. They
present themselves, asking to be admitted. It is
for the judgment of the Senate to decide whether
they shall be permitted or not. In order to have
a correct understanding on it, there may be rea-
sons why, in particular cases, the Senate would
relax its rules, depart from all notions of pro-
priety, and permit counsel to come and speak for
or against the respective sides. In this case is
there any reason for it? Why do we desire to
h ear the arguments that can be made for or against
either of these parties ? Is there any particular
reason why? Can any Senator say that he be-
lieves his judgment would be better informed after
having heard them ? Is there one solitary Senator
in this body who will say so? Not one. This
question was all discussed at the last session,
thoroughly, ably, fully discussed and decided.
The Senator from Illinois says, however, that
the report had no reasons in it. That reminds
me of a certain person who, when asked for rea-
sons, said, if they were as plenty as blackberries,
he would not give them on compulsion. Did not
the decision announce the fact, the judgment
of the Senate ? Reasons are one thing, judgments
another; and if a court gives a wrong reason or
a right reason, the judgment stands as a judg-
ment in any case; and it is folly to stop to talk
about the reason of a court, provided th  judg-
ment be right.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mis-
souri misunderstands me. If he will allow me,
I will state that what I meant to say was, that
they gave no opinion. They gave merely theeon-
clusion at which they arrived. They delivered
no written report upon the subject. They simply
presented a resolution. They did not consider
the matter in a report. That is what I meant to
say.
Mr. PUGH. I suggest to my friend from Mis-
souri that the committee, in four contested cases
upon which it has reported since I have been a
member of the Senate, in three of them presented
nothing to the Senate but mere resolutions, indi-
cating the sense of the committee; and there was
only one in which they gave a written report.
Mr. GREEN. I understand this matter. The
committee investigated it; they examined it; and
they came to their conclusion. A majority re-
ported that conclusion to the Senate, ana the Sen-
ate indorsed it. That ended the whole matter.
As for any secret thought or private motive that
passed through the heart or m the brain of any
member of the committee, or of the Senate, I
know nothing, and I have no right to stop to in-
quire. The conclusion at which they arrived is
a fixed, definite record. The power of the Senate
to pass upon the election of Senators is one of a
judicial character, as was well remarked by my
colleague upon this committee. Every juuicial
determination is an end, unless there be a pro-
vision in law for its readjudication. The power
to judge is the power to decide. The power to
decide is the power to determine. The power to
determine is the power to make final; and, un-
less there be intervening something that gives
you the power to go beyond, supervise, and over-
rule, it is always a finality.
Thus the judgment of the Senate, under the
constitutional power to judge of the election of
Senators, has been pronounced, and I even think it
disrespectful to the Senate to make the offer to
present their claim. I think it disrespectful to the
two honorable Senators representing that State to
make the assertion in this body that she is un-
represented. The State has never said so as an
organized body; and what right has any Senator
here to make the assertion ? The Governor, one
of the branches of its government, has never sanc-
tioned it. He comes in by a majority of the peo-
ple of the State of Indiana. He has never sanc-
tioned any such proceeding as this; and what
right, therefore, (and I ask it, desiring to be an-
swered,) has any Senator to say the State has
said the State is unrepresented ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will, by permission of
the Senator, state to him why I state this. I state
it on this authority:
" The State of Indiana, by her Senators and Representa-
tives in General Assembly convened, would respectfully
