136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Seward.
Senate.
court, in view of those two decisions, feel bound
to issue the mandamus without compelling him to
show, in addition, that he was actually elected ?
Would they say that the first decision was bind-
ing, that they could not reverse it, and that they
would not ask who was elected?
Mr. BAYARD. The answer to all that is very
easy, Mr. President. The action of a corpora-
tion, and their right, in the first instance, to
decide that he ia validly elected, is subject to the
supervision of courts of justice. The action of
the Senate of the United States is conclusive in
itself, and not subject to the revision of a court.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will excuse
me for interrupting him. He is arguing that it is
final because decided. The fact that nobody can
review the decision does not change it. There is
a case where a court will act anil review the de-
cision. Now, I ask, upon what is the decision
based ?
Mr. BAYARD. I said that the reason the
court will do that is, because the courts of law
have appellate jurisdiction; in other words, have
a summary jurisdiction overall corporate cases.
There is no analogy between the cases. This is
a legislative body in which the Constitution vests
the exclusive and final power of adjudication as
to the qualification of its members. A corpora-
tion is a mere creaturc existing under the laws of
a State, in which power is vested by the particular
charter, in which the members undertake primary
action subject to the courts of justice. I am asked
whether, if that corporation commits an error,
the courts of justice will not revise it ? Yes; they
can reverse that decision, because it is perfectly
legitimate for them to do so. Hut that has nothing
to do with the question of finality, as applied to
a case where the court of last resort, having ex-
clusive jurisdiction, finally decides a question,
that they will not permit that question to be re-
argued unless upon the ground of fraud committed
upon the court, or that the subject-matter on which
the party .seeks relief was not before the court on
the former occasion. No case can be found m
the whole annals of judicial decisions in which a
court of justice, or a'body acting judicially, exer-
cised such a principle.
Now, Mr. President, I have a few more re-
marks to make in irfoience to the doctrine initi-
ated by the honorable Senator from New York
[Mr. Seward] a few day.s ago. Among the
many heresies that fell from his lips on constitu-
tional questions in this body, he told ua that this
was purely tin' exercise of legislative power, as
I understood him, because this was a legislative
body; that we had no judicial powers to exer-
cise, and could exercise none except where we
were sitting as a court formally organized for the
purpose of trying an impeachment by the House
of Representatives. lie attempted to draw an an-
alogy between cases of decisions upon contested
elections, and a revocation of hills of attainder in
the Parliament of Great Britain. Why, sir, every
one knows that bills of attainder are legislative
acts, and they cannot be repealed by the House
of Lords; they must be repealed by the Legisla-
ture of Great Britain. No one pretends it is ju-
dicial action in this case whatever, but as regatds
the Senate of the United States. The true test of
judicial action is this: it is not that the Senate is
a com t; we do not pretend that it is a court in its
forms; but we pretend that a legislative body
may, as Chancellor Kent says, have to act judi-
cially m the course of some of its proceedings.
What is the case in reference to the qualification
of members? They are to judge of the qualifica-
tions of their own members. The Senate cannot
legislate as to the qualification of a member; it
cannot prescribe it. it is bound to decide whether
that member has the qualification which the Con-
stitution prescribes. Is not that judicial action *
What is the meaning of the word '4 judicial ?5)
So as to the election; it cannot say what is the
body to elect; it cannot delegate the authority that
is not delegated by the Constitution; but it can
decide what is the intent and meaning of the Con-
stitution, and whether the election is validly made
under the terms of the Constitution. Is that le-
gislation, or is it action judicial in its character?
If it is action judicial in its character, then I say
the great general principle which has obtained
from time immemorial in all the courts of justice,
inter est Reipublicaz sit finis litium; that principle
upon which the finality of all judgments must
rest, and ought to rest; the principle of order
which is essential both in courts and in all bodies
acting judicially, requires that we should adhere
to the decision solemnly made, and not suffer it to
be impugned on circumstances like these involv-
ing disrespect to the body. Even if no disrespect
to the body were involved, though it were a mere
memorial presented for consideration, we should
be bound to refuse it.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, when this
question has been heretofore before the Senate, it
was one in which I felt a considerable degree of
interest. The subject involved the question
whether the two incumbents of the seats from In-
diana had been duly elected and were justly mem-
bers of this body—a question which, as I have
had occasion before to say, is a question affecting
the rights of the State of Indiana, a sovereign
Stateof theUnion;aquestion affecting the proper,
legal, constitutional organization of the Senate of
the United States. But still I was willing to let
it pass without elaborate discussion or earnest re-
monstrance on my part, because it seemed to me,
at the moment, to involve no more than I have
thus described. I have not at all doubted that
during the existence of the Government there has
been more than one time in which more than one
State of the Union has been represented in the
Senate by persons who were not duly, legally,
constitutionally clectcd. But, sir, in the course
of this debate, the subject has assumed new and
varied transformations. It is accompanied now
by so many strange and extravagant propositions
—propositions so dangerous to the constitution
of this body and to the rights of the States which
are its constituents, that lcannot suffer thr occa-
sion to pass away without making, with what
brevity I can practice, some observations in ad-
dition to those I have already submitted.
I am told by the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware [Mr. 1>ayard] that I have introduced many
unconstitutional heresies into this body. Sir,
time will soon determine whether what arc called
heresies to-day are not the sound constitutional
principles of fifty years ago, and whether they
will not bo found fifty years hence to he true con-
stitutional principles,and, therefore, enduring and
everlasting. I submit my record to the country,
with as deep a solicitude that I may stand right
before my country and before posterity, as any
other member of this body, or any person con-
nected with this Government, can entertain. I
impeach none of my cotemporaries. I abide their
censures, not without self-distrust, but with com-
posure. Iju11 must be permitted to say that, in all
my life I have never hoard heresies so anfi-repub-
lican, heresies so unconstitutional, heresies so
dangerous, as those which this debate has called
into being. Why, sir, wo have sat here hour
after hour, and learned gentlemen of the law dis-
cuss the question of the effect of a resolution of
the Senate by analogies derived from the practice
and proceedings of couits of the common law.
We have had analogies between the proceedings
of the Senate and the process of mandamus in
the State courts, together with parallels between
our own ^solutions and judgments, final and in-
terlocutory, in the tribunals of other countries.
Wc have had the decision of the Senate, made in
the form of resolutions, pronounced by worthy
lawyers to be 111 effect identical with judgments
in rem, borrowed from the civil law. Because a
judgment of mandamusy or some other final judg-
ment, entered upon a recoid, instead of an inter-
locutory order, is, without some provision made
for its review, held final in the courts, it is al-
leged, most iltogically, that the resolutions of this
body are final and irreversible.
Sir, when you have declared that the Senate
has ever made a decision which was final and ir-
revocable, then you have ascertained one decision
of this Senate that was infallible; and the body
that has power to make one infallible judgment,
has the power to make more. So each Senate
may anticipate and usurp the functions of its suc-
cessor. The principle, then, for which ourassent
is demanded, is, that the resolutions and orders
of this Senate upon the subject of elections are in-
fallible. Gentlemen tell us we must acquiesce
out of respect to the Senate; that we must sub-
mit, though we think they are wrong; we must
not question them. They plainly tell us that it
is disrespectful, it is contemptuous, on the part of
the State of Indiana, to protest against a decision
of the Senate as being unjust or erroneous; and
we who maintain the appeal of Indiana are guilty
not merely of discourtesy, but of contumacy.
No man entertains a more profound respect for
the Senate of the United States than I do. No
man will be found, I trust, less likely to do any
act to impair its dignity, its character, or its just
constitutional authority. Nevertheless, I deny
absolutely that the Senate of the United States is
possessed of such virtues and such wisdom, and
that it can never err. I deny that there is any
such constitutional principle in this Government
as that the Senate or the House of Representa-
tives, or any other legislative body, cannot err.
On the other hand, I maintain that it is of the
very essence of the principles of our whole re-
publican system that legislative bodies may err
through want of knowledge, through want of
wisdom, through want, even, of virtue; that they
may act, and do often act, under the influence of
passion, prejudice, ambition—ay, and some-
times even of corruption. The man who shall
tell me that the time has arrived in this country
when a State of this Union may not come to the
Senate Chamber of the United States and arraign
the body itself, and charge it with infidelity to
the Constitution, and with infidelity even to truth
and justice, announces to me that the period has
come when it is necessary for the people of this
country to revise the action of the Senate, to re-
view its conduct with promptness and decision,
and to teach and instruct it that it is the creature
and not the creator; that it is the servant and not
the sovereign.
I am astonished at pretensions so extravagant
and arrogant as this. I am told that the power
to judge is given to the Senate for the protection
of the body. The saying is most true; but the
protection is sought, not for the dignity of the
members who sit in its cushioned seats, on its car-
peted floors, or for the dignity of its chairmen of
committees, or its judiciary committees, or for
anything personal in it, or about it; it is for the
protection of the States, which are the constitu-
ents of the Senate, and of the liberties of the Amer-
ican people. Tell me that your decisions are in-
fallible; and that no power shall approach you,
even to complain ! I tell you, sir, that the voice
of complaint, when stifled, in this or any other
country, is the power that makes revolutions.
You may strike in a despotism with safety, pro-
vided that you hear; but not even in a despotism
is there a power that can safely strike the meanest
subject, unless it listens first to remonstrance, and
complaint, and even supplication.
To all these fine-spun theories about the dignity
of the Senate, and the infallibility and finality of
its decisions m the cases of contested elections, I
have one short but conclusive answer. They all
proceed on the ground that the Senate, in making
such decisions, pronounces what is technically a
judgment, and so exercises judicial powers. There
can be no "judgment" pronounced anywhere
that is not pronounced in the exercise of a judicial
authority; and the power that pronounces ajudg-
ment, is necessarily a judicial power. Now, sir,
the Constitution ol the United States defines the
powers of the Senate of the United Slates; and
it declares that—
" All legislative powers herein granted shall be vested m
a Congicss ©f the United States, which shall consist of a
Senate and House of Representatives."
There is no other grant of legislative power to
the Senate, and no power whatever but in the
short, simple sentence which I have read, which
is given to the Senate of the United States, if we
exclude the power to try impeachments conferred
in another article. The Constitution makes this
purely a legislative body; the Constitution ex-
pressly excludes it from the exercise of all judi-
cial power whatever; for it declares, in the first
section of the third article, that—
II The judicial power of the United States shall be vested
m one Supreme Court, and such inferior courts as the Con-
gress may from time to time ordain and establish."
This, then, is merely a legislative body. It
acts not as a court, it acts not judicially; but al-
ways as a Legislature, and in the form of legisla-
