1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
137
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Green.
Senate.
tion. The argument that the resolution in the
Indiana case is a judgment which must be submit-
ted to and acquiesced in, even though it be wrong,
is without the least foundation whatever in the
Constitution. Mr. President, if we, if the Sen-
ate, is infallible in this act, then in this case it
exercises a power different in its nature, and dif-
ferent in its effect, from the authority which it
exercises in passing laws. The Congress of the
United States can pass no law to-day that cannot
be repealed and rescinded to-morrow; and yet
this principle which is claimed here, would be to
invest the Senate alone with a power transcend-
ing that of the whole Congress of the United States.
It is no sufficient argument against this view of
the case that it may work inconveniencies in its
exercise. There is but little ground for the argu-
ment of probable inconvenience presented in this
case; for, after a period of seventy years, we are
able to bear witness that, in a! i cases of fair hear-
ing and resolution of contested claims in the Sen-
ate of the United States, there has been a uniform
acquiescence; and that there has never been any
considerable disturbance of the peace, the equa-
nimity, the harmony, the order, of the Senate of
the United States, by the agitation of contests
about the seats of its members. This is either an
extraordinary case, or else the passion of the
hour has become wild and ungovernable; and if
it be so, it will soon subside, and the anomaly
will cease. It is not for me to undertake to say,
now, how the matter stands in this respect.
Mr. President, I have declared that the Senate
of the United States inay err, and must err. In
saying this, I say only what Charles James Fox
said of the House of Commons when, in a similar
case, he protested against a judgment to exclude
himself as an elected member of that body. He
told the House of Commons of Great Britain, in
which he was so long one of the greatest and
most distinguished actors, that, like all other
representative bodies, it was liable to err through
prejudice, through passion, through ignorance,
through improper executive influences, and even
through corruption. I do not say that this Sen-
ate, in the decision which has been rendered, has
submitted to any such influences. I am claiming
only the vindication of the principle for which 1
contend, namely: that its decisions are always
open to review, and that the Senate never pro-
nounces a final judgment upon anything. Sir,
there was, in the year 1834, a Senate that was
as strong in the majesty of its intellect, as honest
in the consciousness of virtue, as the present Sen-
ate of the United States. That Senate, on the
28th of March, 1834, adopted a resolution as
solemn, and after ten times a more learned and
profound and elaborate debate than we have had
here on the present occasion, in these words:
"Resolved, That the President, in the late executive pro-
ceeding in lelation to the public revenue, lias assumed upon
himself authority and power not confened by the Constitu-
tion and laws, but m derogation to both.'5
In the Journal of the Senate, on a day three
years later, I find black lines drawn around that
resolution with great care, and this entry made
on the face of the original record:
" Expunged by orderof the Senate, this 16th day of July,
in the year of our Lord 1837."
Now, Mr. President, I bring my remarks to a
close, by saying that I suppose and expect that
I shall be borne down here, on this occasion; but
I give notice, when this decision shall have passed,
I shall follow the example of the precedents which
were set in the interesting and celebrated case I
have cited. I shall ask the Senate to allow me to
submit to its consideration a resolution in these
words:
Resolved, That the resolution adopted by the Senate on
the 12th of June, 1858, winch resolution is in these words,
to wit: " Resolved, That Graham N. Fitch and Jksse D
Urioht, Senators returned and admitted from the State of
Indiana, are entitled to the seats which they now hold m
the Senate as such Senators aforesaid ; the former until the
4th of March, 1861, and the latter until the4th of Maich,
1863, according to the tenor of their lespective credentials,"
be expunged from the Journal; and for that purpose the
Secretary of the Senate, at such time as the Senate may
appoint, shall bring the manuscript Journal of the session
of 1857-58 into the Senate, and, in the presence of the
Senate, draw black Jines round the f-aid resolution, and
write across the face thereof, in strong letters, the following
words : Expunged, by order of the Senate, this day
of , m the >ear of our Lord eighteen hundred and .
I shall be in this Senate Chamber, if God
spares my life, two years more; and at every
session hereafter that I am here, I shall call for
the passage of this resolution. When my time
shall have come to leave the Chamber, as I trust
to leave it with the goodwill and personal kind-
ness of all my associates here, I doubt not I shall
leave behind me some member who will insiston
calling for the consideration of the same resolu-
tion, until a period not distant shall arrive when
the resolution in the Indiana case, which is now
found an infallible, final resolution, and for
questioning which a sovereign State of this Union
is denounced and adjudged to be in contempt,
shall be reconsidered, and not merely rescinded,
but expunged.
Mr. GREEN. I have but a word to add, for
I think this subject has been sufficiently discussed;
but when it seems to me that the honorable Sen-
ator from New York designs, by his manner, to
make political capital out of it, I think it ought
to be counteracted; for we have acted as we believe
to be right. I suppose he has done the same thing;
but, to make these popular appeals to influence
public judgment, and influence party spirit, to
stimulate insubordination to the decisions of those
in authority, is a principle that I cannot sanction.
I have never subscribed to the higher-law doc-
trine. While I am in the Government I submit
to the Government, and when I am tired of Gov-
ernment I leave Government. Wherever there is
an authority or a power invested with the right
to decide a question, I will submit to the decision;
and be who does not, and appeals to anything
else, is disloyal to the Government of which he
is a member.
The Senator from New York says that the le-
gislative authority is vested in a Senate and House
of Representatives, quoting from the Constitution
of the United States that all legislative acts are
subject to repeal and modification. He is wrong
in two respects; first, all legislative acts are not
subject to repeal. There are certain legislative
acts that convey and vest private rights, called in
the technical language of the Constitution "vested
rights," and a repeal of the law will not affect the
rights previously conveyed. Hence, it will not
do for the Senator from New York, in his broad,
general, electioneering manner, to use these ex-
pressions; which are not true in point.oflaw and
in point of fact.
But again, when he says legislative authority
is vested in the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, and that therefore they may change from
time to time; I answer, the decision of the Senate
on a contested election, and the decision of the
House of Representatives on a contested election
in that House, is not a legislative act. All legis-
lative power is in the two Houses; but has the
House of Representatives anything to do with the
elections, returns,and qualifications of Senators?
lias the action of the Senate anything to do with
the elections, qualifications, and returns of mem-
bers of the House? Not at all; yet all legislative
power is vested in the two Houses. Therefore,
it is no legislative power; and the very quotation
he makes proves the absurdity of the quotation,
and the absurdity of the position he assumes. It
is no legislative act. Is there a Senator in this
body who will say that passingupon the elections,
qualifications, and returns of Senators, or of mem-
bers of the House, is a legislative act of either
body? Is there a man who will say so? And
yet the Senator undertakes to quote the Consti-
tution to prove that such is the case. It is not
so; and ho knows it. It is no legislative act. It
is a special power conferred in the Constitution.
Ah, but he quotes the celebrated expunging
resolution of my very distinguished predecessor,
Colonel Thomas H. Benton. Has that any rele-
vancy to the point now under consideration?
None; and why? I will give the reason, so that
every man shall understand, even he who makes
these remarks forpopulareffectin Indiana. When
the Senate passed that resolution condemning
General Jackson for the removal of the deposits,
in 1832—we all remember it; we all know it—the
Senate was not performing a legislative act. That
is the first point. The second is: it was not in
the exercise of a special authority conferred by
the Constitution. Therefore, it being a voluntary
act, without constitutional authority, not a legis-
lative act, any other Senate could undo what had
been improperly done. In 1836, under the pow-
erful influence of the strong voice of that man
Benton, and the uprising, the upheaving of the
public heart of the country, it was properly ex-
punged.
Mow is it with this subject? There is a special
authority to act upon the subject of the filling of
the seats of the Senators from Indiana. There is
but one kind of power on the subject.' When you
exercise it the power is exhausted, unless there
be some other power to revise, improve, correct,
or nullify it. There is no power that can revise, im-
prove, correct, or nullify it; and therefore, it is con-
clusive. Now, does not everybody understand the
distinction ? And can this reference to that expung-
ing resolution have any effect, either upon the pop-
ular mind, upon the judgment of a lawyer, or upon
an honest man; that, because we have decided this,
under special authority of the Constitution, and in
another case, where there was no special authority,
where it was a mere abstract declaration of opin-
ion without constitutional power, the Senate un-
dertook to correct it and did correct it; therefore
we will undertake to correct this, which is con-
ferred by special grant? Is there no difference
between the cases' Does not everybody under-
stand the difference and the distinction? Is it not
as plain and palpable as the noonday sun? It
seems to me that I am almost offering an insult to
the Senate, to the country, and to the Senator
from New York, when I even make these remarks
and call his attention to the fact. The one is in
pursuance of authority conferred by the Consti-
tution; the other is a mere association of persons
choosing to express an abstract opinion, without
power, without special authority under the Con-
stitution. That opinion, right or wrong, may be
corrected, revised, expunged, or rescinded. In
the case of General Jackson it was expunged. In
this case it is a judgment; it is no legislative act.
If it were a legislative act it would require the
concurrence of the two Houses; but it is no leg-
islative act. It is a power to decide, conferred
under special grant of the Constitution. That
special grant has been made use of in the decision
which the judgment of the Senate pronounced.
There being no power to revise, annul, or change
it, it stands perpetual as long as the Government
stands.
One other word, sir. We have been a little tan-
talised with the idea that we are afraid to meet the
original question. It is not so; it is not correct.
It is well known to Senators that, on the original
question, before the decision was made, I be-
lieved that the voice of Indiana, legally expressed
through her Legislature, desired these Senators
to represent her, and so expressed it in a legal
manner. I then voted to give them their seats. It
is, therefore, in conformity with my former judg-
ment. But why go behind and open up a ques-
tion that we have no right to open ? I am told
that the plea of an estoppel is denounced by Lord
Coke; but this is no plea of estoppel; it is a former
judgment. An estoppel results from the act of the
party himself. The plea of a former recovery, or
a former judgment, is from the action of a tribunal
appointed by law to decide; and there is the dis-
tinction between them. There is, therefore, no
estoppel. Open your mouths and speak as much
as you please, deny the whole deed if you want
to, repudiate your whole covenant if you want
to; but the judgment of the court will stand as a
perpetual and conclusive answer between you and
the parties whose rights arc contested.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator from Mis-
souri has mnde an appeal, and he asks us on this
side of the Chamber, if ho has not satisfied us of
the entire difference between the case put by the
honorable Senatorfrom New York, in relation to
the old General and this case? I think he has;
but I could give him a precedent older than that.
There is a precedent that illustrates this differ-
ence, and it is in one of the oldest books that I
ever read—Webster's spelling book. It is a case
exactly in point and illustrates the difference, and
it was this. There was a farmer who once went
to a lawyer for advice. He told him he wanted
his advice upon a ease something like this: "My
bull has gored your ox." " Then," replied the
lawyer, " you must pay me for it." "But," re-
joined the farmer, " I recollect that it was the
other way. It was your bull that gored my ox."
