138
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana .Election Question—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
"That," said the lawyer, " is a different case
altogether." [Laughter.] The farmer said,44 the
case I first put you decided without an 'if,' but
when the damages are to come out of your pock-
et, you immediately interpose an ' if.' " The dif-
ference is, whose ox was gored? Now, in this
case, when that expunging resolution was adopted
it was the Whig ox that got gored.
Mr- GREEN. On which side was the gentle-
man then ? Was he the gorer or the goree ?
Mr. HALE. That was in 1834, was it not,
sir? I was a Democrat then, without respect to
complexion. [Laughter.] The testof trying men
by complexions had not been brought into the
Democratic party then. A man was at liberty to
believe, in the words of the Declaration of inde-
pendence, that all men were endowed by their
Creator with certain inalienable rights; and that
had not been construed to read " all white men,"
"up to that time. I think it was understood in the
States of North Carolina and Tennessee that " all
men" meant all men at that time. That was the
way I learned my Democracy. I remember, upon
that subject, hearing an honorable member from
the State of Tennessee, and I hope I have the ear
of Tennessee now—one of the most distinguished
men that ever did come from that State—I mean
until the present members came—I do not want
to say anything disparaging to them. [Laughter.]
I refer to Cave Johnson. I heard Cave Johnson
say, on the floor of the House of Representatives,
that the first time he was ever elected to Congress,
he was elected by the votes of free people of color
in the State of Tennessee.
Sir, the honorable Senator from Missouri, as I
said, has put this case, and asked us if we did
not see the difference. I see it, and I think 1 have
explained it, and answered the question which
the honorable Senator put candidly. Havmgan-
swered that, I want to say what I would not have
said if this discussion had not extended so long,
that I look upon this as the Senator from Illinois
looked upon it, as one of the gravest questions
that can be presented to the Senate, or to the
American people. I look upon this as a precedent
by which the Senate have taken the fir«it step in
constituting themselves a body by which their
own power is to be perpetuated independently of
the will of the Legislature.-! of the seveial States,
and that is in substituting the ban; will, the arbi-
trary will of a party mnjonty, to bring men upon
this floor, not, m my humble judgment, entitled
by the provisions of the Constuunon to have scuts
here; and, under the sanction of that piccedent,
fortifying them in power.
The honorable Senaior from Ohio, [Mr. Peon,]
to whom I always listen with pleasure, and, i
hope, with profit, gets ud of this case very easily
by assuming it is no case at all. Well, sir, when
he declared that it was no ease, if he had added,
*i in my opinion," I would not have contradicted
it; I would have admitted that he was entirely
and totally correct; but, when he lenves off that
qualification, and undei takes to pronounce from
Ins place, cx cathedra, that this is no case at all, he
simply does what less able men than he some-
times resovt to, and that is, as it is called by logi-
cians, begs the whole question. If this subject
can be dinded by positive asseverations by de-
claring i hat the case the contestants present is no
case at all, it is very easy to decide any question
th?it mi^lif be presented.
Hut, sir, let me make an asseveration, and I will
put on the qualification; 1 will say " in my opin-
ion." 1 say, in my opinion, the sitting members
hero have no right at all on tins floor, under the
Constitution of the United Slates. Some of the
honorable Senators on the other side of the Cham-
ber, and I believe the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, assumed that it was right to expunge that
resolution, because the Semite had no rightto pass
it—that they had no jurisdiction upon the subject;
that it was a mere assumption of theirs, and no pow-
er was granted by the Constitution to the Senate
to pass it I say, by the very same reason, the Sen-
ate had no power to pass the resolution by which
they gave the sitting inemb-rs their seats oil this
Jioor. Why? Because to ffive jurisdiction to the
Senate to judge of the qualification of members,
there must u'1 an election by the Legislatures of
til.- Starts, Those are the words of the Constitu-
tion; and if anybody comes here witii credentials
that do not upon their face purport to be from the
Legislatuies of the States, it is a case upon which
the Senate has no jurisdiction at all. Granting
to the Senator from Missouri all that he claims,
in the remarks that he made, it is just as much of
a usurpation on the part of the Senate to under-
take to judge their qualifications, when they did
not come within the words of the Constitution,
as it was for the Senate to pass that resolution
condemnatory of General Jackson for lemoving
the deposits.
The honorable Senator from New York has
given a pledge of what he will do. I confess that
I never was much in favor of that expunging res-
olution. I did not think at the time, I do not
think now, that that resolution can be reconciled
with that provision which says the Senate shall
keep a Journal. If there was any meaning in it,
it was an attempt to efface and expunge; but they
did not efface and did not expunge, it wes sim-
ply an act of indignity to their predecessors—
nothing more, nothing less. It was not what it
purpoited to be. The resolution was not ex-
punged, and it could not be. It would have been
a violation of the Constitution to have done it;
and it is a cheat to undertake to do what it could
not do—to pretend to expunge when it does not
expunge. It stands there, nothing more nor less
than an expression of indignity on the part of the
Senate who passed the expunging resolution,
against those who passed the original lesolution.
I thought it was wrong then, and I think so now,
and I suppose I shall always think so; and though
I may not possibly be able to overcome these ob-
jections a*? to form, and prepare to follow the il~
fustnous Senator from New York in exactly the
track in which he walks, I will, if God spares
my life, and I shall set heie six years, on every
suitable and every fit occasion, and until the time
arrives when the Constitution of my country can
be vindicated, I wilt subs'nnually aid him by my
vote, to give the men Indiana sent here through
her constituted tribunals the seats to which, 1 be-
lieve m my conscience, under the oath ! have
taken, they are entitled. I believe the Senate of
the United States has no more right to choose
Senators for the State at Indiana than has the
House of Representatives.
In 1848, when there was a schism m the Dem-
ocratic party of this country, which resulted in
the defeat of Genciui Cass foi the Piesidency,
amongst a great many things not so wise nor so
well that a certain distinguished man said m that
campaign, there was one thing which he did say,
winch, 1 think, ought to redeem his memory for-
ever. I allude to a saying of John Van Buren's.
He said it was as well to he sometimes right, as
to be always regular. I think so. I think it is
as well sometimes to be right as to undertake to
be always regular. I think that the great ques-
tion of right is with these contestants. I believe
that the great principle which lies at the very
foundation of the organization of this body has
been violated; and that it is palpable and appa-
rent to the country and to the world that this
Senate, m the exercise of power, (claiming at the
time to be omnipotent, and now to be infallible,)
usurped upon themselves authority not conferted
by the Constitution, but m derogation of it. Sir,
Indiana would have been craven and recreant,
and the Legislature of that State would have been
false to their constituents, false to the oath which
they had taken to support the Constitution of the
United States, if they had not at the earliest mo-
ment done what they could to vindicate her sov-
ereignty, and her right to a representation through
individuals chosen by the regularly-constituted
organs of her constitution to represent her on this
floor.
The honorable Senator from Missouri com-
plains that an attempt is made to make speeches
upon this subject that are to go out and influence
the public mind. Sir, I hope that it may have
that effect. I confess that so far as I have any
agency in it, that is the object and the end and the
purpose that 1 desire. I believe that the rights of
the Staie have been trodden down by the Senate,
and I hope in God that the people ot this country
w,!l arouse, that they will make thernsi Ives heard,
and that they will make this omnipotent and this
infallible tribunal, this American Senate, learn
that there is a more omnipotent and a more infal-
lible power even than this high body, and that is
expressed by those much-abused words, popular
will, popular sovereignty. I do hope, and i do
believe, that the surges of an awakened public
sentiment will beat against this Senate door, and
that they will be heard. The day is not far dis-
tant when that resolution will be rescinded and
repealed. The Senate cannot stand there. It is
idle to think it. It is written in too plain letters
upon the face of the Constitution for it to be
blinked or winked out of sight. In a fancied mo-
ment of omnipotence, the Senate may have deci-
ded it; in an hour of fancied infallibility they may
refuse to review it; but I tell you, sir, there is a
power over all; theie is a power before which om-
nipotence and infallibility, so long as they walkin
mortal shape, must bend and bow in this country.
If you silence us and vote us down, as I have no
doubt you will, the only appeal that a violated
Constitution can make, is to the common arbiter
of the fate of us all—public opinion. To that tri-
bunal this question must go; before that tribunal
neither the plea of your omnipotence nor your
infallibility will avail; but before that enlightened
and that intelligent tribunal this question must be
examnv d, and there will be a judgment pro-
nounced to which even the Senator from Ohio
must bow, if not with cordiality, with submission.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire says, giving a quotation from John Van
Buren, that it is better to be right once than wrong
always 1 appreciate that.
Mr. COLLAMER. Not wrong—regular.
Mr. GREEN. Right once and wrong always,
that was it.
Mr. HALE. You misunderstood me.
Mr.GREEN. Very well. It is better to be right
once than simply uniform. I understand it. The
gentleman can appreciate that because those who
are accidentally right enjoy it with a great deal of
gusto; those who are always right look on it as
matter of course, and it does not sti ike them with
any particular astonishment. When lie says,
however, that the repeal of the expunging reso-
lution was a disrespect, and was an indignity to
the previous Senate that enacted or passed the
resolution of condemnation againstGeneral Jack-
son, in 1^34, he admits that if his course be sanc-
tioned to-day, it would be an indignity and con-
demnation of the opinion of this body one year
ago. If the passage of the expunging resolution
was disrespectful, wrong, and an indignity to-
wards another Senate which had sat two years
before, then he wishes to accomplish the same
thing to-day, and urges it with great vehemence.
Does he desire an indignity to be inflicted upon
this Senate? Is that his purpose?
Mr. COLLAMER. This is all the same bod v.
Mr. GREEN. It is not all the same body. It
is a living, changing body, and the Senator from
Vermont knows it is not all the same body.
Mr. EES^ENDEN. It is the same Congress.
Mr. GREEN. Ay, it is the same Congress;
but Congress has no right to enter upon the qual-
ification of members. It is the Senate alone, not
the Congress.
Mr. Ih1ESSENDEN. It is the same Senate.
Mr. GREEN. It is the same Senate, but it is
not the same body of Senatois. Arc we to have an
eternal turmoil? A decision to-day; death, resig-
nation, and a new election to-morrow, and a sec-
ond turmoil the next day; and, when that shall
have been decided, another death, another resig-
nation, and a third turmoil the next day; and after
that another death, resignation, or expiration of
tei in of service, and another turmoil the next day ?
Is this to be perpetual? Will old, grave, estab-
lished Senators sanction any such principle wheie
the Constitution does not confer the right upon
them ?
Again, if it was such an indignity to reverse a
mere expression of opinion on the subject of the
removal of the deposits, where the Constitution
did not, in terms, convey the right or confer the
right to give any expression of opinion; if it was
so wrong in a case without constitutional author-
ity to reverse it two years afterwards, how much
worse to-day, where there is a specific and ex-
press grant of rightto jadge, determine, and settle
the question. This is all I have to say
Mr. HARLAN. 1 move that all the papers in
this case be recommitted to the Committee on the
