1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
139
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Pugh.
Senate.
Judiciary, with instructions to inquire whether
Graham N. Fitch and Jesse D. Bright, or Ilenry
S. Lane and W. M. McCarty, or any one of
them, has been elected to the office of Senator of
the United States from the State of Indiana, as
provided by the Constitution of the United States,
and in accordance with the laws and usages of
the State of Indiana, and report the fact and laws
connected with and bearing on the supposed elec-
tion of each to the Senate; and that the contest-
ants be allowed to appear at the bar of the Sen-
ate when said report shall be made, and argue
their right to seats.
I make the motion for the purpose of raising a
question originally suggested by the resolution of
the Senator from New York. I desire, as has
been stated by other Senators, to have a vote on
a distinct proposition whether the Senators elcct
fiom Indiana shall be heard in the argumentation
of this case. As I understand it, the amendment
to the amendment, proposed by the Senator from
Ohio, opens the merits of the question. I do not
desire to be heard on that subject; but I wish to
vote so as to enable the Senators elect, or those
who purport to have been elected by the Legis-
lature of Indiana, to argue their own case before
the bar of the Senate.
I find, on lookingover the only published book
of contested-election cases, that this privilege has
never been denied. There are several cases on
record here where application was made, the par-
ties claiming the right to be heaj'd before the bar
of the Senate previous to admission. In the very
first case recorded, a person not even a member
of the Senate was permitted to be heard. I refer to
the case on page 860 of Contested Elections, where
it appears Mr. Lewis argued the case at the bar
of the Senate of the right of a claimant to a seat.
I learn, by inquiry of the Secretary of the Senate,
that he was not at the time a member of this body.
It seems to me no more than just, then, to the
gentlemen claiming seats, and certainly no more
than just to the Legislature of Indiana, that the
case should be presented by their own represent-
atives. I will say, whilst I am up, that I do not
understand that the Legislature of Indiana has
announced its purpose to review the recent de-
cision of the Senate of the United States. That
view seems to have been taken in the report be-
fore the Senate. The committee say:
In the opinion of the committee, thi-* resolution (no mo-
tion having betai madetoreconsiderit) finally disposedof'all
quo: lions presented to the Senate, involving the respective
lights of the Hon. (5ruiam n Fitch and the Hon. jcssi:
1) Urich rto then aents in the te'enate, as Senators fiom the
Staio ol Indiana for the terms stated in riic le-olution. It
appears by the luemoiia! that me JLegi&Uture of Indiana, at
it?1 u cent hes^ion in December !a*t, asss-unied the power of
revising the final deciMon thus made by the Senate of the
United States, under its unquestioned and undoubted con-
stitutional authority, to { be the judge of the qualifications
of its own snemhei-v J  
Now, I do not understand that the Legislature
of Indiana has announced any such power on its
part. It merely declares that it, as a legislative
body, is required, by the constitution of the State,
to keep a journal, to keep a record of its own
proceedings; and, by the examination of its own
journal, by the examination of us own record, it.
ascertains that it has not elected raembeis to fill
the seats that were vacant two years ago; that
those seats have not been filled by the Legislature
of Indiana, as is shown by their own record; and
hence they send a memorial here, elect men to
nil those seats, and ask the Senate of the United
States to review their previous decision. It seems
to me there is nothing m the case disrespectful to
the Senate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I know the Senator does
not desiie to misstate the facts; but it does ap-
pear, on the records of the House of Rcptescnta-
tivcs of Indiana, that Messrs. Bright and Pitch
were elected Senators.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that the honor-
able Senator from Louisiana refers to the journal
of the House of Representatives of the Legisla-
ture of Indiana; but I remember, full well, in the
argument of that case, more especially in the argu-
ment of the case from Iowa, with which I was
personally connected, he took the ground, dis-
tinctly, that the constitution of the State determ-
ined what should be its Legislature; and in the
Iowa ease especially, that the Constitution declares
that the Legislature shall consist of a Senat'e and
of a House of Representatives, and that each shall
keep a journal of its own proceedings. Hence the
fact stated by the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana is not in contradiction to the statement that
1 have made. It may appear, from the journal of
the House of Representatives, that Senators weie
elected; but it does not appear, from the journal
of the Senate, that Senators were elected; and it
requires the action of each and both branches of
the General Assembly of the State to constitute
\ the Legislature of that State.
; Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Iowa
! will allow me, I will state that it appears affirm-
| ativety, by the journal of the Senate of Indiana,
I that no Senators were elected. There is a reso-
: lution to that effect.
| Mr. COLLAMER. If the gentleman will in-
] dulge me one moment, another fact appears; that
i record in the House was made by a man without
j authority.
| Mr. FESSENDEN. -'It was not made by the
| Clerk of the House.
■ Mr. HARLAN. At all events, Mr. X5resident,
> we have the declaration here of the Legislature
| itself, in due form, that they find that they have
. made no flection of Senators to fill the scats thus
! vacant. This is their declaration. Now, the
! question before the Senate is, whether they have
| made a case by their allegations sufficient to jus-
I tify the Senate in reopening the former decision
; on this subject? Can the notion be entertained,
| not whether the position assumed by the Legis-
| lature of Indiana be true, but have they alleged
' enough m their memorial to justify the Senate in
| opening the case? This I understand to he tho
! legal point now pending. Have they alleged
' enough to justify the Senate in opening: the case
j and allowing them to present proof? The com-
I mittee have not presented the record here; and of
' that, I, as a member of the Senate, have a right to
complain.
Mr. PUGH. What record?
Mr. HARLAN. The record of the Legislature
of Indiana. They ask the Senate of the United
States, in their report, to vote that this case has
been decided definitively and irrevocably, in the
face of the memorial of the Legislature of Indi-
; ana declaring that the Legislature of Indiana has
j never had an election of Senators to fill the seats
that were vacant two years ago. More than this;
j the committee, as it seems to me, admits the
i power of the Senate to open this case, in thecon-
I eluding paragraph, next but one, of the report,
i They say:
i u The decision wai made"—
j That is, the decision of the Senate of the Uni-
j ted States, a year since—
—" by an autho; sty having exclusive jurisdiction of the snb-
■ ject; vva-5 judicial m lis natuic ; and, being made on a eou-
> list m which all tin- laeN and questions of law i"volwng
the validity of the election of Mes-;r-4. Fitch and Hiught,
and their le^pective rrtjhis to their peats, weie as lully
Known and pi< -  tiled to the Senate a-> thev ate now in
1 tne manorial of the legislature of Indiana; the judgment
of the Senate then icndeied i> final, and precludes further
i.iquu v into the subject to which it ielates."
Now they my further inquiry is precluded.
Why* Because nil the facts were presented at
the previous investigation and all the law was
then considered? Iiow do I know this ? The
committer have not reported these facts. They
have not indicated them, or anything bearing on ;
tin: subject. It is a mere declaration of theirs. ,
Then 1 inquire, if the facts have not yet been
presented, will you not open the case and con- !
.sider if It. is a just conclusion to be drawn that 1
the Committee on the Judiciary themselves would ,
have leport^d in favor of opening the case. '|
But I do not desire now to enter into a discus- j
sion of the merits of the questions which have !i
been raised by the amendment to the amendment j
proposed by the Senator from Ohio, but merely I
to state my reason for making the motion that I ;j
now make, to recommit the subject to the Com- ' i
mittee on the Judiciary, with instructions to re- i|
port the law and the facts, and to allow the Sen- !j
ators elect from Indiana to argue their own case !j
at the bar of the Senate. If, after a full investiga- M
tion, it shall appear that it would be improper, j)
that it would be indecorous to the Senate of the .'
United States, to reopen the case, let it be so; but ];
certainly it would be no more than proper to allow j i
thesis g&ntlemfen to argue their own case, and no |j
moie than respectful to a sovereign State, a mem-
ber of this Confederacy, to permit it to be done.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to be supposed by the
Senator from Iowa, and others, that because the
Legislature of Indiana, as they say, has presented
a memorial to us, that alters the facts in the case.
The same facts were presented in a case from
Rhode Island, which was before the Senate more
than twenty years ago. One Legislature in Rhode
Island undertook to set aside and annul the elec-
tion of Senator, made by its predecessor, declared
it utterly void, and attempted to pass its judg-
ment upon the Senate of the United States. The
Senate rejected them, and confirmed the first elec-
tion.
Mr. SIMMONS. I would like to ask the Sena-
tor from Ohio whether the Senate permitted the
party claiming the seat to be heard?
Mr. PUGH. Certainly; before the committee;
not before the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is the question here.
Mr. PUGH. If any person claiming to be ad-
mitted had come before the committee at the last
session, we should have heard them. In fact,that
committee was ready to hear the parties and their
counsel, and to allow the parties and their coun-
sel to produce proofs.
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir; I did ask the com-
mittee to hear them; and it was refused.
Mr. PUGH. This time?
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir; and they were
refused.
Mr. PUGH. Certainly, they were refused now; .
and why?
Mr. GREEN. They were not refused to go
before the committee,
Mr. COLLAMER. Yes, sir.
Mr. GREEN. Not when I was present.
Mr. PUGH. There was a case regularly pre-
sented. The Legislature of Rhode Island chose
Mr. Robbins to lie a Senator. During the vaca-
tion, and before the next meeting of the Senate,
another Legislature came in power, and under-
took to vacate the election of Mr. Robbing, and
elected Mr. Potter. At the opening of the Sen-
ate both gentlemen presented themselves, and pre-
sented their credentials. The Senate gave Mr.
Robbins the seat, as the gentleman first elected,
and referred the case to tho committee; and Mr.
Potter, armed with all the resolutions he brought
from the Legislature, created no extraordinary
sensation. If this case were now opened, I would
give these parties leave to be heard, not only be-
fore the committee, but, if they wanted it, before
the Senate; but the very giound on which I stand
iw, that there is no use of the Senate proceeding
to decidc a contested election if, when once de-
cided, it can be argued again at the bar of the
Senate by the parties or by counsel. So much
for that.
The Senator from New York notifies us that,
day in and day out, from this time forth, he will
propose a resolution to expunge the order of the
Senate. Well,sir, if the Senator is able to carry
it, let hfm carry it. There have been many things
threatened before that never came to pass, and the
Senator, in my judgment, will find this to be one
of them. I should have thought, with his long
experience in this body, and with his experience
of those with whom he associates on this floor,
he ought, at least, to know that a threat like that
will have no effect at all.
The Senator from New Hampshire says he
means to appeal to the people. Very well, sir; I
have no objection to an appeal to the people, not
the slightest. When their appeal does go to the
people, if I am called in judgment as one of the
culprits as the author of the original resolution,
and of this amendment, I shall have something
to say in my own defense. I shall quote the speech
of the Senator from New Hampshire in defense of
the Senator from Iowa; I shall quote the speech
of the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] oil
that case, and the speech of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward.] I shall show the people
whose ox was gored on that occasion; how it was
that they implored the Constitution of the United
States in defense of the Senator from Iowa, main-
taining that he was entitled to his place in this
body because he had a majority of the qualified
voters m the Iowa Legislature, and the Senators
from Indiana were not, although they had the
