762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
therefore, which, preferring agriculture to ail other employ-
ments, in order to promote it, impose restraints on manu-
factures and forei&n trade, act contrary to the very end
which they propose, and indirectly discourage that very
species of industry which they mean to produce."
No better argument for protection can be ad-
duced than this, and no better illustration of the
benefits conferred on agriculture by the encour-
agement of manufactures. To say nothing of
eminent protectionist writers in France, Italy,
and England,-1 challenge the production from
among, the writers on political economy of a more
learned, philosophical, and convincing speculator
on that theme, than my distinguished fellow-cit-
izen, Henry C. Carey. The works he lias pub-
lished in support of the protective policy are re-
markable for profound research, extensive range
of inquiry, rare logical acumen, and a consum-
mate knowledge of history. His recent volumes
on°The Principles of Social Science," place him
in the front rank of political economists, and side
by'sidc with A"&am Smith himself, whose doc-
trines are elaborated into a most satisfactory jus-
tification of the protective policy. These volumes
do honor to the age and country in which they
have been produced,and are worthy of the enthu-
siastic welcome they have received from enlight-
ened thinkers on both sides of the Atlantic. They
deserve to be studied as text-books in our col-
leges, as pointing out the true road to national
greatness, and moral and political independence.
When I rose, sir, it was chiefly with the view
of combating the attacks which have been made
in this Hall on the protective policy. Did my
time allow, I could eaSily show that the causes
of the late crisis are not to be traced to bank
speculations, as the President would have us be-
lieve, but to radical errors in our tariff legislation.
Debarred of this opportunity, 1 shall here close
my argument. The views that I have this day
advanced, ate those entertained by the great
statesmen who laid the foundations of this
Republic; by Washington, Jcffui«on, Hamilton,
Madison, Clay, Jackson, and otheiy. Historical
facts confirm their tiuth, and cotemporary ex-
perience warns us to return to the policy with
which the growth, wealth, and political power of
all modem States is identified. In this Hall, 1
shall never consent to legislate for the interests
of any country but my own, or further any
scheme of legislation which strikes down Ameri-
can capital and labor.
I hope to see the time when the liberal men of
all parties will recognize the protection of the pro-
ductive forces of the nation an the most impoi taut
epiestion of American polities; and when, sunder-
ing all other party ties, rhey will unite in its sup-
port to such an extent, aw to secure its n^oendencv
as the permanent policy of the country. Such a
party, composed of men acting under a sympa-
thetic, patriotic feeling, exists m Pennsylvania,
under the name of the "People's Party." lis
platform is broad enough to cover the interests
of all sections of the Union—its spirit is thor-
oughly national, knowing no North, no South, no
East, no West. Looking to the good of the whole
people, it addresses itself to the sympathies of
the whole people; it appeals to patriotic im-
pulses, not to sectional prejudices; it aims, not to
divide the Union into hostile States, to be event-
ually consumed by the flames of civil war, but to
bind together with links of adamant the weak-
ened bonds of the Confederacy, and to make us
once again a harmonious, united people. J impugn
the patnotism of no paity; but I protest ngainst
the narrow rule of political action laid down by
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Wasiiburn.]
In my view, the question of laboi, and remu-
nerative employment for those who toil at Che
forge and furnace, and drive the loom and shut-
tle, rises superior to all others, i protest against
the imputations in the speech of that gentleman
upon the convention which met here during the
last month, to devise a plan by which the whole
Opposition might unite against the ruinous doc-
trines of the Democratic party. The object of
that convention was just and patriotic, and dic-
tated by considerations of high public duty. {
regret to hear such a generous purpose denounced !
as if it were a paltry political scheme, derogatory '
to its participators, and treasonable to the coun-
try. No member of the Opposition has a right
to throw a stumbling block in the way of its per-
feet union; and he who does, in my opinion, im-
peaches his own good judgment and patriotism.
Without seeking to erect an exclusive party stand-
ard, as the text of political orthodoxy, or to tear
down or build up parties, I hope to see all the
elements of the Opposition thoroughly fused into
an omnipotent combination, which shall secure
the triumph of the true friends of the country,
and of principles with which the existence of the
Union and the prosperity of the country are in-
separably blended. Such a desired end can only
be obtained by liberality of feeling, toleration of
variant views, and a generous spirit of concilia-
tion; such as marked the-men of various faiths
and races, who stood shoulder to shoulder in the
ranks of the liberating array of the Revolution,
and sacrificed the prejudicesof section,birth,and
crccd,on the altarof their common country.
The veto power.
Mr. DOWDELL. i.j.r. Chairman, I do not
intend to discuss, at this time, the subject of the
tariff; nor to reply at length to the ingenious and
able argument of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, [Mr. Mokris,] who has just taken his seat. I
deny the constitutional power of this Government
to impose any duty ftr protection; and he takes
the power for granted, and endeavors to show,
by an able review of the past policy of this and
other countries, that a tariff for protection is highly
expedient; and that it not only benefits the ninn-
! ufacturcr, but alrer a series of years will cheapen
the price of the protected articles to the consum-
ers. In the course of his remarks, lie says:
1 "I challenge I lie advocates < (' free tunic to ptoduee a sm-
j pie article which ha«. liad the benefit of piotvction f<  a
I <.(.mif* ofyears that bin not Sen greuil) in price, in-read
| oi piotrenve dunes i-iihawnn; the tost ol tubiics, they have
evt ivwh'H-c. in the United States and in Tiurono, hee.i the
1 curiam and only ichablemeans of msuiuigits abatement."
| Now, Mr. Chairman, is it not a little strange
that the great agricultural and laboring classes of
' this cgjjntry, who consume the greater part of
,: these protected articles, have not before this time
discovered the truth of this proposition,and been
1 before Congress with petitions for higher duties ?
j Is it nut still more strango that the protected
I classes, whose manufactures are thus reduced in
price, have been the only people who clamor for
' high tariffs? Cut, in answer to the challenge to
' the friends of free trade, I can give him a class of
! property of no little value, which has for a " series
j of years''—yes, sn\ for fifty years—been protec-
; ted against foreign competition to the point of pro-
; hibition, and has all the time, aside from tem-
j porary fluctuations caused by derangements in
- the currency, steadily increased m price hundreds
. per cent. I allude to the slave property of the
1 South, now worth $2,000,000,000. Is not this a
1 case in point5
1 [hit, Mr. Chairman, I will dismiss this subject
' for the present, i/nd proceed to the consideration
of another, which l,deem no less important at
this juncture of affairs, and to which I desire to call
the attention of the committee and of the coun-
' try. Sir, after a careful examination and close
study of the principles and objects of the Ropub-
; liean party, as I find them embodied in their plat-
| form and ihe speeches of their leading states-
! men, nod especially in the late speech of the
! .Senator from New Yoik, [Mr. Seward,] doliv-
! ered at Rochester, I feel jt to be my duty once
! more to warn the South of the approach of her
, enemas. These indications are unmistakable of
, a fixed purpose, and a fell design to crush ourin-
! stitutions whenever opportunity offers for a suc-
; cessful assault, and accumulating power gives
1 strength for the onset. It matters not that such
i principles are at war with the spirit of ihe fathers
■ which brought our Go- rnmcnt into being; nor
; that their cnfoicemcnt will destroy the peace of
i the country and subvert the temple of American
1 liberty; onward to the death, is their motto,
though lire and sword should clear the way to
, the goal of unhallowed ambition, and blood and
bones mark the track of the destroyer. Are these
the sentiments of a majority of the northern peo-
ple2 This is a pregnant question. Upon the fact
hangs the destiny of the Republic. If not now
• m the ascendant, are they likely to control the
: northern mind r
■ The steady increase of power which has
i marked every step of the party hostile to southern
i institutions, under whatever name for the time be-
j ing it assumed; the unflagging zeal which ani-
! mated them, and the persistent efforts which have
been constantly put forth, not only by its leaders,
but by the whole party, on every occasion and
in every conceivable way, to arrest, embarrass,
weaken, and hem in slavery, should warn thd
South of danger, and arouse our people through-,
out the country to the magnitude of impending
calamities. Sir, I had occasion, during the last
session, to call the attention of this House to the
subject, and to invoke the reflecting and conserv-
ative men of the North to a consideration of the
measures^of public policy, which, in my judg-
ment, were then demanded to prevent sectional
collisions, which would certainly result in a dis-
memberment of the Confederacy. Subsequent
electrons throughout the North, disastrous as
they were to the Democratic party, have served
to confirm me in the opinions then entertained,
and, I trust, have furnished evidence sufficient to
remove doubts from the minds of all, about the
propriety of providing additional guarantees pro-
tective of the rights and intetests of the minority.
We of the South can no longer rely solely upon
national party organizations for safety. Some
more sure and powerful agency must be brought
into operation to perpetuate the Government, and
protect our institutions. The spiritof fanaticism,
in its caieei to full and desolating dominion, has
hitherto defied all the restraints which Christian
association, civil and political affinities, imposed;
and now is " like the deaf adder that stoppeth her
ear; which will not hearken to the voice of charm-
ers, charming never so wisely.'' The Demo-
crats of the North have fought long and well for
constitutional equality, and manfully rolled back
the tide of oppression which threatened to sweep
over the constitutional barriers around the mi-
nority section. But they, too, have been stricken
down; and now, no hope ioniums for the coun-
try, save in a prompt and radical amendment of
the organic law. Outside of the time-honored
party, no hand is left which we can grasp with the
cordiality of friendship. They, however, though
few in numbers, and bereft of political power,
still furnish the strongest incentives to union, if
we can agree upon a basis of government guaran-
tying to each and all sccunty againt oppression.
But let us look to the principles and objects cf
the Republican party; which is now the controll-
ing organization in almost the entire North. The
Senator from New York, after laying down the
postulate that the two systems of labor, North
and South, are " incongruous and incompatible,"
and that " they cannot exist permanently in one
country," and affirming that " no aristocracy of
slaveholders shall ever make the laws of the land
in which I shall be content to live," goes on to
say that the policy and designs of the slavehold-
mg South is to establish slavery in every State
in the Union; and that the Democratic party is,
and has been, a faithful ally, to carry out the
scheme; and to escape such a result there is left
" only one way, the Democratic party must be per-
manently dislodgedfrem the Government." The rea-
son is, 4< that the Democratic party is inextrica-
bly committe/1 to the designs of the slaveholders
which I have described." And further, " it is
high time for the friends of freedom to rush to
the rescue of the Constitution, and tnat their very
first duty is to dismiss the Democratic party from
the administration of the Goverunwit." And still
further, lie says:
"Evetv one knows th.H ft is the Republican paity, or
nom>,Ui'U t,fi«i!I dis-pUce the Democratic party. Subser-
viency te^avery i< a law wutten not only'on the foiehead
of the Democratic paitw but al.-o on its'very soul; so re-
M-tuncp to siavcry, and devotion to freedom, the popular
element1- now actively woikinjjfor the Republican party
among the people, must avd v ill be the resources for its
evei-icneuuig Miemnh anil con-taut mvigoialion." *
* * liI know that the Demoeiatic party must
go down, and tiie Republican paity mu-t i t^e into its place."
r •' it 5ms aliea'dy won advantages which
renderthat triumph now both eaay and certain."
Sir, no higher culogium can be passed upon the
Democratic party than is to be found in the bitter
invectives of the Senator. And this onslaughtis
made upon that time-honored organization, be-
cause, by contending for the equality which a
common Constitution recognizes, it has been
found on the side of the South, whose people
never demanded anything but her rights under
that instrument.' In the opinion of the Senator,
that paity now proudly stands the only barrier
between fanaticism and its cherished object—the
entire overthrow and subjugation of the South.
To clear the pathway of the Republican party to
