140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 14,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
same majority. We will understand wherein the
difference consists. We will understand whether
it is a difference of geography, or a difference of
political complexion. If l am called to account
for my votes, I have only to say what the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire himself acknowledged
at the last session, that in both those cases there
has not been a change on my part of the opinion
which I have announced from the first down to
the very last.
I believed the Senator from Iowa was entitled
to his seat, and I voted to give him his seat; but
1 was overruled. I, at least, maintain for the Sen-
ators from Indiana the very same principle, and
none other, for which I had contended in the case
from Iowa. I did not make these contested elec-
tions party questions. And yet, sir, since I have
been in the Senate, in the whole number of these
cases, while I have seen my political friends di-
vided on every occasion, I never have known the
Opposition to vote except in a solid column in
favor of their political friends. That fact, too,
shall come when the case is heard.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I did not
intend to take any part in this debate; but I did
take some part in the debate on the question of
the right of the Senator from Iowa to a seat, and
I do not like to stand in the position of having
maintained that the Senator from Iowa was en-
titled to a seat because he had a majority of the
votes of the members of the Legislature. That is
the ground upon which the Senator from Ohio
says we put it.
Mr. PUGH. I did not refer to the Senator
from Maine. I referred to other gentlemen. I
have read their speeches lately.
Mr. HALE. I never contended for any such
thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I do not know that gen-
tleman on our side ever contended for any such
doctrine. We might have said that he had a ma
jority, but no Senator that I heard on our side of
the House contended that, therefore, because he
had a majority, no matter how the votes were
given, he was entitled to his seat. We might
have made that remark, but that anybody here
made it a substantive ground, with out reference to
the manner in which that majority was obtained,
I deny. I heard no such argument from our
friends, and I do not believe any such was made
by them. That ground was taken by the Sena-
tor from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] and he main-
tained the same ground in the case of the Sena-
tors from Indiana; but he was the only Senator
who took that as a substantive ground on which
to base his vote in the Iowa case. The distinc-
tion between the two cases is obvious. In the
case of the Senator from Iowa, it was shown by
the record, that each House, as a legislative body,
a component part of the Legislature, had voted
to form a convention at a given time and place,
for the purpose of electing a United States Sena-
tor. The Constitution of the United States says
the Senators .shall be chosen by the Legislature;
and we contended that the Legislature must act,
as such, in relation to that matter in fixing the
mode, as no mode had been established by Con-
gress, which alone had the right to override its
action; and that after, by propnrlegislativeaction,
a convention was formed, that convention had
power over (he whole subject, and the withdrawal
of no part of the members of it,unless they were
so many that no quorum remained, would he suf-
ficient to affect its action in any manner. That is
the ground oil which we put it; that istheground
against which the Senators on the other side con-
tended.
The Senator from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin]
contended that there had been no legislative act
in relation to that matter. He drew his argu- ;
ment from some provisions of the constitution of
the State of Iowa. He took the same ground in
part that I did: that in order to make a legal elec-
tion there must be preliminary legislative action !
on the subject; and he argued that fully, and j
established that point to the satisfaction of every- i
body. It was argued also by the Senator from ]
Connecticut, who was then a member of this
body, now Secretary of the Navy, (Mr. Toucey,) f
that not only must there be preliminary legisla- ;
live action, but a majority of each body must be !
present, or there was no election. That was the i
ground on which he put it, in the argument which
took place in the Senate.
Now, sir, what is the distinction? In the case
of the Senators from Indiana, there was no legis-
lative action, there was not even a pretense of le-
gislative action. The Senate of the State never
took any action on the subject; it was never called
upon to vote, and a majority of the Senate never
acted upon the subject. There was no entry upon
their journals in regard to it. They never had a
proposition before them to elect United States
Senators. But a minority of the Senate met, with
a bare majority of the House of Representatives,
not a quorum by the constitution of Indiana, for
another purpose under the constitution, and pro-
ceeded to make an election at an adjourned meet-
ing, without any reference to the Senate, or any
legislative action on the part of the Senate.
There is the distinction between the two cases;
and it is as obvious to any lawyer, it strikes my
mind, as anything can possibly be. In one case
there was legislative action, making it the action
of the Legislature of the State; in the other case
there was no legislative action at all; but, as my
friend from Illinois designated it, the action of a
mere assembly of men—to be sure, members of
the Legislature, but that making no difference in
the world.
We said, here is a precedent, a precedent set by
the majority of this body, in the case of the Sen-
ator from Iowa. The Senator from Ohio has read
from Chancellor Kent's Commentaries a passage,
in which he says the action of the Senate in such
cases is judicial. That means that they act as a
body, having the right to settle the thing; that is
all. Anybody will see, from reading the sentence,
that he meant that they established a principle,
when they acted, and their action must be con-
sidered as judicial, not with reference to the par-
ticular case, but with reference to the principle
established, in orderto promote uniformity in the
decisions; that is, that what they establish at one
tune they shall not shrink from at another.
Sir, the majority of this body, by speech and
vote, in the case of the Senator from Iowa, estab-
lished that, in orderto make a legal election, that
election must be by the Legislature, under the
Constitution; that an election by the Legislature,
to be legal, must be preceded by, or attended
with, legislative action under the Constitution.
Hut, when this question of the Senators from In-
diana came up, what did they do? Without a
word, without a pretext, they repudiated the
whole doctrine, ant! based then decision—for it is
the only ground upon which they could put it—
on the previous argument of the Senator from
Georgia, that, if a majority of a majority of the
votes were obtained, no matter how, no matter
where, no matter when, there was a legal elec-
tion. They repudiated their former action as dis-
tinctly as it could possibly have been done, and
as plainly as if they had said upon the record that
they meant to abandon, in this case, the principle
which they established in the other. It was ob-
vious to every man.
Well, now, sir, that I am 011 my feet, let me
allude to the case which is before the Senate in a
few words; I do not design to argue it at length.
How did it presentitself in the first place ? These
Senators came here under this vote, which is pre-
tended to be the action of the Legislature of In-
diana under the Constitution of the United States.
When they came here, a protest was presented
from a majority of the Senate of Indiana; but they
weie sworn in. What wasthefiist report made
by the Judiciary Committee, to whom the mat-
ter was referred ? That either party should beat
liberty to take testimony. That was at a called
session of the Senate a year ago. Did those who
protested ask for time to take testimony? The
whole matter was on the record, it was stated to
be on the record, so that no testimony could
change it; there was no dispute about the facts.
It was said, I think, in some paper presented in
the name of one of the Senators from Indiana,
that there was a dispute about the facts. On that
the Senate decided that the subject should go over
from that time to the regular session. It went
over; and what did the Committee on the Judi-
ciary then do ? They reported again that time
should be granted to take testimony. Why had
not the testimony been taken m the mean while ?
There had been a whole vacation when they could
have taken it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is mistaken,
I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all; I remember it
very well.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary reported at the first session—there were
but a few days left—a resolution for taking testi-
mony. That was objected to, and the question
was kept under discussion by the Senator from
Illinois, so that we could not get to a vote on it.
It remained there. There was no power given to
take testimony in the vacation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But could they not have
done precisely what they did afterwards, which
was simply to take affidavits ? But I am coming
to the action which took place in this matter af-
terwards. When we met at the next regular ses-
sion of Congress, the same report was made by
the Committee on the Judiciary. The contest-
ants, or those who represented them here, said
then, "nobody asks for time on this side; the
matter is all of record; the record shows all you
will find, and this is a mere pretense to gain time.,,
I will not undertake to say, or to intimate that
there was anything meant in that but what ap-
peared 011 the face of it; but it was put off for
weeks and months, those members retaining their
seats here; and what was the result? Time was
given to take testimony at the request, not of
those who contested the seats 
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have sat perfectly still, and
have charged no gentleman with misrepresenting
the facts, and I hope no one would do so know-
ingly. There cannot be found a line on paper
from myself showing that I ever asked a moment
of time or relied on anything else than the jour-
nal of the House of Repiesentatives of Indiana.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how it
was in regard to that Senator. Will the other
Senator say the same?
Mr. FITCH. I think I did ask that testimony
should be taken upon a difference of facts as
alleged by the Senator from Illinois and myself,
and the testimony justified my allegation. I ex-
pressly stated, at the subsequent session, that I
had desired testimony at the first session because
of the allegations of the protestants, not knowing
at that time that my views of the facts, and the
facts as I knew them to exist, were set forth in
the House journal; but being furnished with a
copy of that journal subsequently, the other proof
became a matter of secondary consideration, as
the Senator from Maine doubtless knows I stated
at the time. Yet depositions were taken, were
sent to the committee, were read to the Senate,
and had an important bearing on the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall not enter into a
dispute with the Senator from Indiana as to the
facts. I know what I am stating, and nobody
can deny it. Time was requested; and on the
very occasion when that time was requested, the
journal of the Senate was here; all the papers
were here; the journal of the House was here •
Mr. PUGH. The journal of the House was
not before the committee at that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that it was.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I never saw the journal of
the House until the ensuing Congress.
Mr. PUGH. Nor I.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was brought from Indi-
ana at the ensuing session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; when it came
at the beginning of the ensuing session, was it
not here when further time was asked for?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I never saw it until the
very close of the case.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know whether
the Senator saw it, but it was here.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I was a member of the com-
mittee, and it was not brought before the commit-
tee by anybody until towards the close of the
session.
Mr. COLLAMER. I cannot say certainly that
each of the various papers in this case was here
at that time. It will be recollected by the Senate
that when an application was made for a contin-
uance, for the purpose of takkig testimony, a re-
