1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
763
power, it must be " dislodged." And to encourage
the Free-Soil army to the attack upon the strong-
hold of the friends of the Constitution, the Sena-
tor endeavors to inspire faith and boldness in his
followers, by the positive declaration, " 1 know
that the Democratic party must go down, and the
Republican party must rise into its place." "Fore-
warned, forearmed, "is an old adage by which we
intend to profit. Let not that Senator, nor his fol-
lowers, flushed with the prospect of easy triumph,
plum^ themselves upon their superior numbers,
when they have " dislodged the Democracy," and
dream that the battle has been fought and won.
There still remains a citadel untaken, manned by
southern braves, which will defy your legions,
and <{ laugh at the shaking of a spear." You can-
not quench the spirit of liberty. You may suc-
ceed m conquering the Democratic party; but on
that victory your glory will culminate. " Canst
thou draw out leviathan with a hook? "Lay
thy hand upon" the South*, " remember the bat-
tle; do no more."
Sir, I deny that the interests of the two sections
are necessarily incompatible. The very contra-
riety in pursuits and productions, which exists
in the different sections of the country, constitutes
a strong bond of union; our natural dependence
on each other for commercial prosperity and na-
tional security is the language of Providence,
designed to make us love, instead of hate each
other. Nothing but the wicked spirit of fanati-
cism, at war with all that is good and right and
peaceable, can disturb our harmony. And when
that Senator asserts, in the words of Napoleon,
applied to Europe, that "it must be either" all
Cossack or all "Republican," to illustrate the
antagonism between the slaveholdmg and non-
slaveholding States of this Union, he but pub-
lishes the desire of his own heart to destroy the
institutions of the South. No one knows better
than he does, that not a man in the South ever
thinks of extending African slavery over the
northern States. He lias not the remotest idea
of any attempt by the South to do this. What,
then, is the meaning of the declaration, unless it
be that this country must become " all Republi-
can?" That slavery must be abolished when the
Democratic party shall have been dislodged, and
the Republican paity installed into power? Sir,
the Democratic party has aided the South only in
standing by this Constitution which recognizes
and protects her rights. Is it for tins that it
must be diUodged and dismissed from power' In
the opinion of that Senator, and the party for
which he speaks, is the Constitution pliant to
their purposes ? Is there no legard for that solemn
compact? Is the Democratic party the only ob-
stacle in their way to full dominion and universal
emancipation ?
Such, sir, appears to be the opinion of the lead-
ers of the Republican patiy. Whilst this truth
furnishes to the South strong motives to cherish
and maintain the Demociatic organization, thus
assaulted by her enemies, at the same time it
should warn us to look well to our other defenses;
for parties, howevcrpure in professions and pnn-
ciples, are swayed by the power of popular pas-
sions, and ebb and flow with the certainty, if not
with the regularity, of the tides of the ocean.
When a sound and healthy public opinion exists,
they can develop and embody the purposes of
the majority, and contribute to the growth and
glory of the country. But they will be found un-
equal to the task of protecting minorities for any
long period of time. When needed most, then
are they ever the weakest. So soon as public
opmion«and sentiment cease to be morally sound
and healthy, a pure party goes into a minority
and becomes useless for defense, and powerless
to uphold a government. At this point the ne-
cessity arises for further distribution of power by
constitutional compact, and such veto reservations
to the weaker section as may enable it to check
the inroads which every majority will sooner
or later make upon the rights of*the mmoiity.
Sir, New York has spoken through her great
leader, who utters the voice of a majority oi her
people, " that tins country must be all Republi-
can." What say the New England States? A
true exponent ot their faith and principles, [Mr.
Washburn,] latfely said, m this House, on the
subject of our common Territories:
"•The Republican parly affirms that ncsio fcivmule id
a deadly bhgftt upon the social and economical condition
of a country. Hence it follows irresistibly, that whenever
the member?, of this party have the power to inhibit it, it is
their duty to exercise that power. Congrews can keep it
from a Territory if it will pass a law for its exclusion ; and
fioui the State to be formed out of such Territory; for in no
community, from which shivery is excluded till it become
a Stale, will it evci be subsequently established."
How stands the case in the Northwest? Let
the senior member from Ohio [Mr. Giddings]
speak for his party:
"The gulf that separates the Republican and Demo-
cratic parties is broad and deep; one reasoning and act-
ing for ireedom, the other for slavery, it becomes impos-
sible for them to agree on any collateral question." * *
* * a 'fhere is no neutral ground between right and
wrong, between liberty and slavery."
To these representative opinions may be added
what the Republican party puts forth in its gen-
eral platform:
" Resolved, That ihe Constitution confers upon Confess
{■overi'izn power over the Territories of the United ^States
for their government; and that, m the exercise of this power,
it is both the rt«M and duty ot Const<^4 to prohibit m the
Territories thoae twin relics of barbarism, poljgamy and
slavorv."
Now, sir, I have given these few extracts from
different portions of the North to show that they
all agree. First, that the Democratic party, which
they consider an alty of sMfery, "shall be dis-
lodged." Second, that, in complete possession of
the non-slaveholding States, they will have power
sufficient to control the legislation of Congress;
and when fully installed and firmly fixed in power
they will use it to the destruction of slavery.
They do not propose directly to meddle with the
institution in the States, but will first confine it to
the present area, by excluding it from all the com-
mon Territories. This having been done, they will
then prohibit the trade between the States. Then
will follow its inhibition along the coast. Next,
its abolition in the District, Navy and dock-
yards, &c. During the time of these operations,
by protective tariffs and high duties, discriminat-
ing against slave products, they will gather the
profits of slave labor, and squander the legitimate
fruits of our industry upon multiplied objects of
improvement in their own section, until the in-
stitution, completely depressed and depleted, will
fall an easy prey to their designs.
This is the programme ot the Republican party.
That it will be carried out, fully and speedily, I
have not a doubt, unless resistance be made
promptly and firmly at every point. Knowing
as 1 do the southern people; their intelligence,
patriotism, and temper; their ability to maintain
their rights, and their nerve to repel aggression,
come from what quarter it may, 1 must conclude
that the centralization of'political power in the
Federal Government, by a combination oj the free
States, will not enable them to accomplish their
purpose set forth, but will ee.rtainly produce col-
lisions between the sections disastrous to the
peacc of the Union.
Let us for a moment suppose flint this feeling
at the North, inimical to slavery, has been stim-
ulated by hypocritical leaders, with the view to
consolidate their strength, and to get power,
rather than with any ulterior design of actual
abolition; still, I must believe that the masses,
whose minds have been excited and passions in-
flamed against us wish the zeal of honesty, will
; pursue their purpose to its accomplishment. No
| human ability will be strong enough to .suppress
| the agnation, or to direct the whirlwind, which
' drives to the complete demolition of the object of
| their hatred. The masses of the North, taught to
: believe that southern prosperity is their loss, and
| that the destitution of African labor would en-
I hance the profits of white labor, together with
1 that fanatical religious class who believe that en-
mity to slavery is friendship with God, would not
I rest content with the meie homns of office^but,
| once in power, will demand the fulfillment of their
i expectations in the total destruction of the insti-
! tution of slavery.
| For the last eight years, the Government has been
1 in the possession of the non-slaveholding States
of the Union, every department of it; and nothing
: but the conservative position of the Democratic
. party, which hss controlled H durirfg the time,
has prevented nggiessive legislation of the mpst
' ouious and oppiessive character. Gradually, but
suiely, the Free-Suite party has been growing,
until every power of the Federal Government is
1 almost within their grasp. Every election at the
i North demonstrates the weakness of the friends
i of the Constitution. The tune is not far distant
when the experiment will be made, whether the
Government can be administered in that spirit of
justice and. equity which has hitherto blessed our
people, and promoted and prospered the institu-
tions of all parts of the country. That it cannot
be done without a wise distribution of power, so
as to produce an equilibrium between the various
conflicting interests, or at least attain a eafesp?
proximation to an equipoise, the history of all
Governments clearly teaches.
A combination between the non-slaveholding
States, by which all the departments of the Gov-
ernment are secured and its powers completely
centralized, has defeated the intention of the
framers of our Constitution, and rendered the
division of power provided in that instrument
comparatively useless. It is tiue that we have
a President armed with the conservative veto to
check unwholesome legislation; but this office can
be controlled by the combination. It is true we
have a Senate equalizing the powers of the re-
spective Stales and a check upon popular passion;
but that body can be controlled by the combina-
tion. It is true that we have a House of Repre-
sentatives to speak for a majouty of the people
of the States, but that body can be controlled by
the combination. The Supreme Court, organized
for life, or during good behavior, and thus in a
great degree made independent and free from all
party prejudices, surely is a safeguard to the Con-
stitution. But a threat has already been made to
reorganize this august tribunal, and it can and
will be controlled by the combination.
Thus it will at oiice be seen that, whilst all the
forms of the Constitution are left, the substance
of the original compact can be destroyed. The
Government has ceased to be what it was in the
beginning—a Government of divided powers,with
| its wise system of checks and balances—and is
I but little removed from that consolidated state
I which amounts to a complete revolution, and will
suiely lead to a centralized despotism. He is,
indeed, a dreamer, who imagines that the rights
of the States can be secure, or that civil liberty-
can long survive in such a state of affairs. These
evils must be remedied forthwith. There is not
a moment to be lost in tne effort to restore the
Constitution to its pristine vigor and purity. In
the present calm of the public mind,a short pause
m popular passion and sectional strife, the twi-
light hour bpforc the darkness comes on, let us
recur to first principles, and summon all our
strength in the last attempt to save the liberties
for which our Union was formed to foster and
secure.
Perhaps I shall be told that we are safe from the
aggressions of Fedeial power, because of the bar-
riers which State sovereignty erects around the
reserved rights of the States; that these cannot
be encroached upon without a palpable violation
of the Constitution and assumption of despotic
power which no party would attempt. Let it be
remembeied that the tyrant stealthily, like the
tiger, approaches his prey until within reach,
when, throwing all reserve away, he springs sud-
denly upon tlie"object of desire. These barriers,
however sacred, and, in a well-balanced organi-
zation, however strong, will prove ineffectual
against the combination which I have described;
and, like the other defenses, would either yield to
the-swollen current of usurpation, or, by firm re-
sidence, produce the collision which constitu-
tions and compacts weic made to avoid. Hence,
the conclusipn is inevitable that without addi-
tional checks to Federal power, our present sys-
tem, when the Government shall have passed into
the hands of the combined majority section, will re-
suit m collisions and revolutions totally incom-
patible with the integrity of the Government,
Nothing now prevents this catastrophe but the
national Democratic party. And shall we longer
risk ourselves and hold the rights and liberties of
our people upon a tenure so frail? What assur-
ance have we that any mere paity organization
will last a twelvemonth? And if it should last,
who can predictits change of policy ? Something
more stable than mere voluntary organizations,
liable to be " tossed to and fro, and curried about
with every wind of doctrine," is demanded for
permanent safety. The Constitution points to the
remedy in that wise provision for its own amend-
ment, contained in the fifth article:
''The Congress, whenevei twot hndsof both Houses shall
deem it necessary, shall piopo^e amendments to Unci consutu-
