1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
141
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Fessenden.
Senate.
port was made by the minority of the committee,
contending that instead of granting time to take
testimony, the Senate should proceed to the con-
sideration of the case, and they stated the facts.
Not a single fact that they stated has ever been
changed since.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know that, although
time was given at the extra session, and although
further time was given at the regular session 
Mr. PUGH. None given at the extra session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, a report was made
in favor of it, and it went over; time was given at
the regular session. When that time expired,
which was months afterwards, no testimony was
presented by those who claimed the seats here—
not a particle. They presented affidavits 
Mr. FITCH. I cannot permit such wholesale
statements, wanting the proper foundation in fact,
to go uncontradicted. Depositions were taken
by the sitting members; they were presented, and
went in testimony.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that they
were mere ex parte affidavits; that they were not
taken on notice.
Mr. FITCH. Simply because they were in
this city and were not accessible in Indiana.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That makes no difference.
If they were to be taken in this city they could
be taken without all that time being granted. I
know that when that matter came back, the testi-
mony that was taken was by the contestants to
meet what they supposed would be urged on the
other side, but no testimony wag taken in Indiana
by those who claimed the seats, or, at any tate
none was presented that ever I saw.
Mr. FITCH. That is likewise an error.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was it presented to the
committee?
Mr. FITCH. Gentlemen appeared therein our
behalf who cross-questioned the witnesses, and
when they desired to present their own wit-
nesses, they were refused the privilege of so doing
by your friends, for fear they would prove too
much to please them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They could have taken
their testimony on notice at any time; it was not
in the mouth of our friends to object. For gen-
tlemen to say they took testimony because they
cross-examined the other party's witnesses, is a
new idea to me as a lawyer. Everybody knows
that, under the oider of the Senate, there could
have been no difficulty about the sitting members
taking testimony on notice in the regular form.
But, sir, passing from that, we came back here,
and the Senate passed the vote that it did, after
debate, admitting these gentlemen to their seats.
There was no report, no statement of facts, noth-
ing upon which anybody could judge, except the
statements that were made on the one side and
the other in the Senate. There was not a regular
case made up, as it has been usual to make cases
up when information is desired by the Senate,
especially when there are two sides to the ques-
tion. The argument was had,and itwasdeeided
as I have stated. It was'had upon a resolution;
and it was adduced m that argument as a strong
and material element—the Senators on the other
side will recollect that theyadduced it themselves
—that theie was nobody here properly to contest
these scats; that we did not hear from the State
of Indiana; that we did not hear fiom the Legis-
lature of Indiana; that there was no contesting
party before the court. That was an argument
relied upon.
Well, sir, the Legislature of Indiana meets at
the proper time under its constitution. It takes
warning from what has been said by Senators
here in their arguments. It draws up its protest;
it makes its statement; it petitions this body in
respectful terms to hear it; it takes up the case
which had been dropped for want of a party, and
says: "We are a party to this matter; we will
ask the Senate of the United States respectfully
to consider our petition on the subject of the Sen-
ators from the State of Indiana; " and in order to
make that valid and effectual, to show their view
of it in case they should succeed, and the State
of Indiana should be considered as not having
been represented up to that period, they elected
gentlemen to take these seats, if it should turn out
that there was a vacancy in the Senate from the
State of Indiana; and those gentlemen present
themselves here and submit their petition, They 1
come here in a respectful manner; they present
themselves with all the respect that is due to this
body. Respectfully and even humbly, that is to
say, with all the humility which becomes a State,
which is not meanness, but manliness, the Legis-
lature of Indiana present themselves before the
Senate, and say " our opinion is that we are not
represented-, and these seats are vacant, and we
ask you to reconsider your action and admit those
whom we have electeu to fill these places."
Now, sir, what is the response? What is the
response from the committee at the head of which
stands the honorable Senator from Delaware ? It
is, that this case has been considered and decided;
that it is res adjudicata; that there is an end to it;
that there is no power in the Senate of the Uni- j
ted States to correct mistakes in reference to the
rights to seats in this body; that there is no power
in the Senate of the United States to receive en-
lightenment; that there is no power in the Senate
of the United States to reconsider its action upon
a question of this description. What is the an-
swer made ? It is, that you have power over the
whole subject; it is submitted to you by the Con-
stitution of the United States. The Constitution
says you shall be the exclusive judge of the elec-
tion of your own members. But it is said, that
means that you shall judge once, and if you made
a blunder, or were mistaken as to the facts, or
were cheated, or did riot know the facts, you
shall not judge again. Does the honorable Sena-
tor from Delaware, as a lawyer, say that that
ground can be sustained ? I put the case to him
by way of query. I put it again; and I put it
with a view to answer what he alleged, if a com-
mon council of a city, under its charter, has the
right, and the exclusive right, to judge of the elec-
tion of us own members, and on a contested case
it says that one member is elected, arid next day
reviews that decision and says he is not elected,
and those votes are entered upon the journal,
that individual petitions a court having jurisdic-
tion, claims his seat, and exhibits those votes;
would the court say that he was entitled to his
seat on them ?
Mr. BAYARD. I will answer the Senator
again, if he will permit me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. BAYARD. There is no analogy whatever
between the cases, in my judgment. The Legis-
lature of a State confers upon a corporation the
right to judge in the first instance of the election
of its own members; it does not supersede the
judicial power to revise that decision; therefore,
whether there is one decision or more of the coun-
cil, it is always subject to the mandate of the court,
whatever may be the court in whom the jurisdic-
tion vests, to revise the action of corporate bodies.
The Senate of the United States, under the Con-
stitution, has exclusive jurisdiction; and there is
no revisory body. I will give the Senator an anal-
ogy that would be perfect. In the case of Fremont
against the United States, the Supreme Court of
the United States decided that the title was valid;
and they reversed the decision of the district court
which disaffirmed the title, and sent the case back
to that court, with directions to enter a decree in
favor of the title, according to the mandate of the
Supreme Court. The United States appealed from
the decree of the court; and when it came before
the Supreme Court again on a motion to dismiss
the appeal, there were two grounds, both of which
were affirmed. The first was a technical one. The
second was, as alleged in the language of the ap-
pellant's counsel, one of the honorable Senators
on this floor, that this was an attempt to revise
the decision of the Supreme Court, under cover
of revising a decision of the district court, made
in pursuance of its mandate, that it was disre-
spectful to the couit, and would lead to endless
litigation. On the motion to dismiss the appeal
on that ground, as well as the other, the Supreme
Court dismissed it. There is the analogy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a verv grea
difference of opinion between the honorable Sen-
ator and myself as to what is analogous. I drawt
my analogy from a body formed with precisely
the same provision, and m the same words that
exist in the Constitution of the United States.
He draws his from a comparison between the
Senate of the United States, acting under the Con-
stitution, and a court of justice. Now, I leave to
anybody to decide which is the most analogous
of the two. I take the same language, ana the
Senator has now made the same answer that he
made before,and 1 propose to answer him. Would
not a court, in such a case as that I have stated,
with such a record, say: " here, it appears that
on such a day it was voted that you were entitled
to your seat by the body having exclusive juris-
diction, and the day after that was reversed, and
it was voted that you had no right to a seat; now
we call u^on you to show that you were elected?"
What is the answer which is made in this case ?
" I do not propose to show that I was elected; I
only propose to show that a body voted so; and
having once voted that I was elected, they had no
right to reverse it and say I was not." That is
precisely the argument; that is the finality in this
matter, as arising from an adjudged question.
What is the answer made by the Senator from
Delaware ? That, in the case I put, there is a
revising power, and in this case there is no revis-
ing power, because nobody can overrule and re-
vise what we do or decide upon it. What differ-
ence does that make? I ask what a revising power
would do ? The Senator'a argument is drawn from
a legal proceeding. Well, if a court of justice
would not revise a proceeding of that kind, and
admit a person to a seat, it is only because we
have no power over us that can revise our pro-
ceedings, that this may not be reconsidered. It is
because there is no revising power over our pro-
ceedings that we call upon the Senate to revise its
own action. If the Supreme Court could act upon
this question, there might be an application there
under similar circumstances; but it cannot. We
are the supreme power; we direct our own pro-
ceedings*, but, let me tell the Senator from Dela-
ware, it is no answer to say that this cannot be
reconsidered, simply because there is no power
which can revise and correct our errors. On the
contrary, I say if there is no power which can
revise and correct our errors, the more the reason
why we should revise and correct them ourselves.
The argument that is advanced by gentlemen on
this floor, comes to this: " We decide a question—
and admit,for the sake of the argument, we decide
it wrongly—in a matter entirely within our own
jurisdiction, and over which we are supreme;
therefore, because we are supreme, we have no
right to correct that erroneous decision of our
own." Sir, that is no argument addressing itself
to the mind of any man.
If I believed, for a moment, that the Senate of
the United States had no power to correct its own
proceedings in a matter exclusively within its
jurisdiction, I should believe (to carry out a little
further the idea of the Senator from New York)
we were in a position to call for the action of the
people to overlook them, to deprive them, or limit
them in the exercise of the powers which they
enjoyed. Sir, we are liable to error. But it has
been argued here very gravely, and in fact the
report of the Committee on the Judiciary puts it
on that ground, that it is an insult to this body to
suppose that it could make a mistake.
Mr. BAYARD. The report says no such
thing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It says no such thing in
words; but that is the substance.
Mr. BAYARD. I believe it to be true, in fact,
that it is a disrespect on the part of the State; I
will not say an insult.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the argument is,
that it is disrespectful to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States to suppose that it can make a mistake.
I think it makes mistakes of one kind or another
almost every day in the course of its action, some
of greater, some of less consequence, and I have
not hesitated to say so, sometimes m my place in
the Senate, in respectful language; and I do not
know that any member of the Senate ever con-
sidered himself insulted by it, or that the ma-
jority from whom I happened to differ considered
that I had been guilty of any disrespect to the
Senate. How can it be argued—and it is put upon
that ground—that, when the Legislature of Indi-
ana comes here with respectful language, in a
perfectly respectful manner, and requests the Sen-
ate of the United States to reconsider its opinion
because the State of Indiana considers itself ag-
grieved, that is disrespectful? On what kind of
