142
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Benjamin.
Senate.
eminence do we stand, what kind of meat do we j
feed on, that we cannot be approached respect- |
fully by a sovereign State of this Uijion, and re- ;
quested to reconsider our action in a mutter of !
vital importance to that State? It is a new idea. 1
The Senator who stands at the head of the Ju- !
diciary Committee differs entirely from his col- !
league, the Senator from Ohio. He says that the 1
proper mode of approaching this question would |
have been by petition alone; but the Senator from I
Ohio, in his argument, said they had no right to j
petition on the subject at all; that they had no j
power to petition. I
Mr. PUGH. Where does the Senator gather j
that ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. From what you said.
Mr. PUGH. 1 say the pretense that this peti-
tion is the act of the State of Indiana is all a sham.
The constitution of the State of Indiana does not j
constitute her Legislature a petitioner. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tlmt is it exactly; that j
inasmuch as the constitution of Indiana had not j
constituted her Legislature petitioners, therefore |
they had no right to petition on tins subject. Oil i
the contrary, the Senator from Delewaie s-iys the
proper mode would have been by petition ulone.
Mr. BAYARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to explain ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I said that the disrespect was
involved in the attempt to elect in the face of the
judgment of the Senate. I neither said, not*inti-
mated, whether they had or had not the right to
petition. If a State chooses to petition or to memo- j
rhtlize the Senateon any subject-matter, I am will- j
ing to considei her memorial. The disrespect j
was involved in the act of election, not in memo- j
rmlizing; and on that memorial I arrived at the ;
conclusion the committee did—that the subject i
had passed fnun the fuither action of the Senate
by the judgment rendered at the previous session
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee have made
no such decision. The conclusion they came to .
is, that the matter is settled, and they will not J
rehear it. The reason given for it by the Sena- j
tor from Delaware—and I think it is so stated in i
the report—is, that the Legislature of the State I
of Indiana had undertaken to revise the decision ,
of this body. Suppose they have elected Sena- ;
tors: their election of Senatois does not make '
them so. They have a right to express tlx-ir op;n- ]
ions, and they may express them in that way as 1
well as in any other. If the seats are filled, the !
election goes for nothing. Is that disrespect? ,
They do all that the Senator suggests; they pie- !
sent their petition. It is couched in respectful j
language. What does the Senator say ? " I will I
not consider your respectful petition, because you 1
have done an act which is an offense to the Sen- 1
ate of the United States." Sir, is that an argu- ;
in* nt ? i
Mi. BAYARD. I did not say that at all. '
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator del not sny |
it; hut that is the legitimate result of his nigu- .j
ment. ij
Mr. BAYARD. No, sir. We did not con- ,■
i-uh'i their petition; because we decided that, the j
ense having been disposed of, the petition could |
not be maintained. !
>Mi. FESSENDEN. But what is the conclu- J
Nion he conn ,■? to ? We ask thai these genth men |
may be heard; we auk that the State of Indiana j
m iv Ktand before us by iu own representatives !
Tie* State of Indiana asks it through them. Tins I
is a courtesy which has never in any case h^en !
denied before. Those who have been selected as j
Senatois m Representatives fiom a State, have !
always been allowed to appear bcfoie the body ii
and state the grounds upon which they claim d
seal^. When we ask this customary piivilege !|
for these gentlemen, what is the answer that is j!
made ? That they shall not come inside of those ||
door*. Sn, we asked for the State of Indiana jj
simply the ordinary courtesy which mt^ht have
bee it extended to two gen tie men whom that State
'•'■coses to < onsiclet her Senators, that they might
be admitted on tins floor umil th;; question is
settled; might be permitted to sit upon these sofas,
and not mto the gail.mes, or elsewhere. That
was receded with contemptuous indilTeience uud
denud—even that. Then, when the State of In-
diana, through us agents, goes a little further,
and respectfully requests that these gentlemen
may appear and state the grounds of the claim of
that State before this august tribunal, the same
answer is made: "you have treated the Senate
of the Umted States with disrespect, and we can-
not permit you to come here and show even that
this question has not been decided."
Now, sir, I have been betrayed into speaking
much more upon this subject than I had any idea
of doing. I do not propose to review the ques-
tion itself; that was argued fully before; but I can-
not avoid alluding in some degree, in as few
words as I can use, to what I consider the con-
tradictory ground upon which gentlemen have
been compelled to place, what is manifest to me,
a determination that this matter shall not even be
presented fairly before the Senate of the United
States. How much difficulty we have had in pre-
senting the matter at all. Did Senators suppose
that, after repeated efforts, we had not the power
in any possible way to get the subject before the
Senate and before the country? The Senator
fiom Missouri seems to think that we are com-
mitting a grave fault, or that my friend from New
York was speaking language that, might have an
effect upon the people of Indiana. Sir, no day
passes, as Senators well know, that language of
that description is not used on this floor by some-
body, in relation to something; and certainly,
when a State considers its honor and Us rights
involved, it is difiicultfor any Senator in address-
ing this body to use language which may not
have an effect to show either that it has been in-
jured, or has not been. One side or the other of
that question is inevitable. 1 believe that no-
body here can justly accuse me of ever talking
much for the sake of outside effect upon anybody,
i endeavor to address myself to the questions be-
fore the Senate; but, sir, I am willing now to ex-
press my opinion, and, like the Senator from
New Hampshire, 1 give it only as opinion; I con-
sidered the decision of the Senate, at the time it
was made, as in utter defiance of' the ii«hts of the
State of Indiana. 1 considered, then, that the
two gentlemen admitted to seats on this floor had
no more right here than any other two men who
could be picked up from that State, or any other,
anyl came here claiming seats; but, at the same
trtne, I knew that the decision, if made, would he
adhered to. My opinion may be wrong, but it
i.s satisfactory to me. I mean no disiespect to
gentlemen when I express it; I impute impioper
motives to no man. Such was my opinion of the
decision itself, and I have not changed it. When
a State conies here, having acted legally through
its Legislature, having shown the regular legis-
lative action, and sent its men, and requested
simply that they might be heard before the State
was judged, I think It is dealing a haul, a hai sh,
a contemptuous measure to a sovereign State of
this Union, especially on the part of those who
claim to be the especial champions of Start* lights
and State novoreigiuy, to say that they shall not be
heard heie because this question has tn:en decided
w'hen they, according to the arguments of gentle-
men, were not even a party to tiie decision that
was made.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I did not
suppose thai, under any t ircumstances, I could
be piuvuked into saying another word on this
question; but 1 have heard so much to-day that
im to me so perfectly heretical in principle, and so
much that 1 must say is entirely unsupported in
fact, m tins discussion, that I beg to he indulged
in a statement simply—in no argument—but in a
short statement, of what is before the Senate.
Some two years ago, a Legislature was elected
in Indiana, composed of a large majority of Demo-
crats; it was their duty to elect Senatois of the
United States;whereupon the Republican minor-
ity undertook, by force of arms, to prevent an
election. When the Senate of Indiana was oigan-
ized, its Lieutenant Governor, under its constitu-
tion, took his seat with a viesv of swearing m the
Senators, and a Republican Senator took his seat,
by forco, alongside of him; and theie the specta-
cle was presented ot the constituted authority of
th" State endeavoring to organize the Senate of
the State uodei us constitution and taws, and a
fu'tious minority of the Le^islatuie endeavoring,
vt the same time, to interrupt that organization,
or, at all events, ta carry on some cotempora-
neous formality which they considered as equiv-
alent to an organization. A justice of the peace
was called in to sit alongside of the Lieutenant
Governor of the State to swear in the Republican
Senators, and members were sworn in who had
no credentials. The Senate was crowded with
men who were armed. They were headed by the
notorious Lane, of Kansas. They were there,
according to the testimony, with a view of over-
awing the legitimate authorities of the State.
Under these circumstances, with a clear Demo-
cratic majority, an attempt was made to prevent
the discharge of the constitutional duty of the
Legislature of the State; that is, the election of
Senators.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Unquestionably.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to ask him
if he is not aware that it was in proof from Lieu-
tenant Governor Willard himself that the disturb-
ance of which he speaks occurred in the forenoon
of the day when the Legislature was organized,
and that, in the afternoon of the same day, he,
himself, swore in all the Senators except one,
whom he was directed by a vote of the Senate to
swear m, and then swore him in; and that all the
disturbance of which he speaks, occurred in Jan-
uary at the organization of the Legislature; and
that the election of Senators did not occur until
February afterwards.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Certainly, I was aware of
all that.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will the Senator allow me a
moment? Governor Willard did swear them in,
but he swore them in by an order of the Senate;
the same men who had been inducted into office
under the mob-organization voung to require him
to do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will read Governor Wil-
lard's testimony upon that point, and it willshow
they were sworn m, whether it was by order or
not. I said one Senator was sworn in by order
of the Semite, and the others were not. Let us
see. Governor Willard, in answer to the ques-
tion, " State what Senators held over, and what
persons were sworn into office that day as Sen-
ators, and by whom ?5' said: " The Senators hold-
ing over were"—I will not lead their names;
there are twenty-live of them in all. Then the
names of twenty-five who were sworn in on that
day, and he gives the names of some of them who
" were sworn in by Samuel Gookins, a judge of
the supreme court, under the direction of Lewis
Buik, in the forenoon of that day. In the after-
noon of the same day all the last-named Senators
who hod sworn under the order of Senator Burk,
with the exception of Mr. Stanley Cooper, were
under my order sworn in by Judge Gookins, as
Senatois. Afterwards, under the order of the
Senate, I administered the oath to Stanley Coop-
er " it thus appears thst only one person was
sworn m by the order of the Senate, and all the
others were sworn in under the order of Lieuten-
ant Governor Willard himself.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Really, i must bee: gen-
tlemen not to interrupt me any further, because
I am not gom,g into all these details which we
went into last, year. I did not mean to say at all
that the election was held at the time the violem e
was committed. I say that the Republican tac-
tion in that Legislature started with the deliberate
intention, and carried it out from the first hour,
to mteii'ere f>y violence m the organization of the
Legislature, and thus prevent the performance by
that Legislature of the constitutional duty of
electing Senators, and did it because the Demo-
cratic party were the rnajonty and they the mi-
noiity; and now we have had this whole day the
most miserable affectation of indignation because
that faction did not succeed. That is the whole
of it; you can make nothing else out of it. The
faction did not succeed, and everybody on this
side of the House is thoioughiy indignant; and
they call upon the people of the United States to
vindicate the violated majesty of popular sover-
eignty. That is the whole affair.
Now, what was determined by the Senate last
yeai ? We detei mined that, inasmuch as it was
the duty of that Legisiatuie to elect Senators, and
inasmuch as all the attempts at carrying that out
constitutionally and regularly were obstructed by
