1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
other than the law which profit and loss impose,
we might confidently hope to plant our institu-
tions in all latitudes. The contest between free
labor and slave labor would no longer obstruct
our progress; each system would cherish profits
and abhor losses, and, governed by the law of
chmatc and production, would regulate itself in
accordance with the true interests of all. Inter-
ference by one section or State with the internal
affairs of another, would not be ventured; for, the
recognized independence of each would contribute
to the union and independence of all. There would
be no more combinations against each other; but,
as it should be, one grand combination of confed-
erated States against the despotisms of the world.
Our borders would be enlarged in accordance with
the necessities of an increasing population. And
the spirit of liberty, emanating from our great and
^igh example, like lines of light from the sun in
his strength, would stream out upon the nations
and prepare them for a conquest wherein captive
and conqueror could alike rejoice together. Cuba
would soon be ours by her own consent, without
money and without price. Mexico would plant
her stars upon the blue field of our flag, and the
small but beautiful States of Central Ameiioa
would sparkle on the same canopy.
Mr. Chairman, this is not a picture of fancy.
Nothing butourvices will prevent its realization.
Our own divisions may check our progress. The
armies of the wot Id cannot do it. Let us be at
peace with each other, and crowned heads and
their cohorts would pass away like chaff before
the " rushing mighty wind " of fieedom. Plots
and counteiplois, diplomatic mtiigues. cunning,
schemes and alliances of despotisms, would van-
ish into thin air before the march of a ft ee, united,
and vntuous people. Ilave wo the wisdom to
direct our strength in the fulfillment of so ex-
alted a mission? In the fear of God, in the love
of justice, and iti works of righteousness; by a
sacied regaid for the rights and interests of each
other; by cultivating the spirit of good will and
fraternal affection, we can achieve this gloiious
destiny. But should our vices predominate, and
those who now have the power cling to it with a
puipose of oppiession, the end draws near when
we shall, yielding to the mad impulses of passion,
divide and devour each other—bid discoid reign
supreme, and rush headlong to destruction. Sir,
in conclusion, 1 earnestly invoke the States of the
Union to a consideration of this important sub-
ject, with an aid>mt hope that some lemedy may
be provided to protect, preserve, and perpetuate
our hbetties.
INDIAN POLICY OV THE GOVERNMENT.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. Mr. Chairman,
by the kindness and courtesy of the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Dwis,] 1 ptopo&e to detain the
committee tbrashoit nine, in the discussion of
the policy which, m my judgment, should bo pur-
sued by the Government, m its treatment of the
Indian tubes on our western fiontier.
Sir, I believe that all the mombei s of this com-
mittee, and the House, desire most earnestly to
promote the welfare, happiness, and piospeiity
of tiie Indians; while, at the same tune, I do not
duubt that they would desire to so shape legisla-
tion as to lessen, if possible, the butdens on the
public Treasury, which is now heavily taxed m
supporting the Indian tribes.
The Committee on Indian Affairs have pre-
paied a bill, to be reported Tor the action of this
House, which is germane to this subject, and
which I hope will be so amended as to give con-
gressional sanction to a policy which, f trust, may
become the fixed and settled policy of the Gov-
ernment in all its iutoicourse with the Indian
tribes. It is a practical policy; humane and wise;
economical and safe; affording the only certain
means by winch we may hope or expect to pro-
mote the welfare and prevent the extermination
of the Indian.
Thepresentsystomisradically defective; under
it the Indians have faded away, like mists before
the morning sun. Fromarace possessing a broad
continent, they have dwindled down to a mere
handful of wretched dependents upon the public
Treasury. The giving of annuities, in liberal
amounts, may seem to gentlemen to be in the
highest degree generous; but, sir, it is promotive
of little good. It is rather an injury—destroying
the only noble characteristic the Indians possess,
an untamed independence, and rendering them
indolent dependents upon Treasury gold, and leav-
ing them wholly untaught in the self-sustammg
arts of civilization. Thriftless and improvident,
they squander their annuities in costly baubles,
and in enervating dissipation; become a prey to
the unscrupulous trader, and more frequently than
otherwise, leave the annual payments, without a
cent to protect them from the rigors of winter, or
to provide the simplest necessaries of life.
What wonder, then, that the frontier is the con-
stant scene of bloody border-warfare ? Unless the
policy now pursued by the Government, of placing
money in the hands of those practically ignorant
of its value, who waste it as the sun a$d rain waste
the snow, in an hour, is changed, the Indian will
be forced, in the nature of things, during the greater
portion of the year, to resort to the uncertain
chances of the chase, or to plundering forays upon
the settlements, for food to alleviate the cravings
of hunger. Averse to labor, and regarding it as
disgraceful, they live in idleness and want; and
by affording them no means of tasting the inde-
pendence conferred by industry and a cultivation
of the soil, theft becomes a necessity, and a cor-
loding indolence eats out ti^eir manhood.
You give broad reservations ostensibly for a
hunting ground ; but the adventurous hunter soon
drives from it the game, and leaves the Indian
without means of subsistence.
The land is* held in common, affording no stim-
ulus to individual enterprise. You hold out no
reward to toil, or the cultivation of the soil; and
in fact, by making them common property-hold-
ers, the industry of a few only tends to confnin
and make chronic, the indolence of the many.
The piestnt policy is wholly inconsistent with
advancement in civilization, and actually pio-
motes the Indian's degradation. «
M y object is to call attention to a differentpolicv,
which I believe to be both humane and econom-
ical, and when it comes to be understood will
meet, 111 ust, the approval of this Ilou^e. lis object
is to individualize the Indian—to teach htm the
habits of ptoviding for Ins wants by his own in-
dustry, and guaranty to each the fruits of his own
labor and skill. The old system has proved it-
self defective. The Indian* have dwmdhd in
numbers, are debauched in moials, and suffer
for the necessities of life; and all these results
have followed while gentlemen may contend that
our Indian policy has been the model of gener-
osity. Judge it by its fruits, and not one lasting
benefit is conferred upon the Indian. In spite of
all the ellorts of the Government and jis agents,
although money ha? been lavMdy expand* d, the
Indians have neither advaneed in the aris of civil-
ization or Christianity, nor in numbois or wealth.
They are trunk in habits of tjmftiessne^s and dis-
sipation, and arc beeome the scourge of the fron-
tier, wauling in all those manly characteristics
which of vol e belonged to I hem.
Sir, it is but doing justice to the efforts of the
Secretary of the Interna and his able and efficient
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to say that they
have faithfully labored to inaugurate this policy.
On this point, t take eicat pleasure in quoting
from the able report of the late Commissioner of
Indian Affairs, Air. i\Lx. I would commend his
suggestions, the result of years of experience, to
the attention of tins House. The Department
having this subject under control urge, and (lave
adopted as far as can be done without the action
of Congress, this policy, and Oongiess will tail
its duty unless it shall give these efforts the
sanction of its approval. Mr. Mix, m his report,
sajrs:
*• E i pen once ha*3 demon-i i itcd that ;u lea-.f three ^ci iou.-,
nnd. to tno hiiirjtH, 1.u.tl euot-, have irom ihe b''<.'nu)iie.i.
matked our policy iowaid> lliem, namely: then temowti
fioni place to place ;\- out population advance*I ; iln'M^i^n-
m*-nt to them of loo gi ,>;tt ,m i Men* or cou.i's \, to Un held
ui common ; and the allowance aflame -inn- ot money, a>
annuitie-, for rtio fas.d^ ecili'd by litem. Tfie-e etrot-, iai
moo' than the warn of <M| «ieuv on lite p tri ot the: indi.ue?,
have !>°eii the eau^e oi the vei v limited Micees* ot our con-
stant efforts to dome-neat"- and civilize then). By then tre-
rjueutchAtiire-. of portion, and the po^e-non of l.tnjc bodies
of land in common, they [save been kept m an unsettled
condition, and pevented iiotn afqi)itni<x a knowledge of
sepai ate and individual pt ope try. while theirdatge annuities, ;
upon which they have tchcd loi a support, have net only 1
leaded to jo-aer halatsof indolence and prolltgacv. hut eon-
stantlv made them the victim- o! the lawle^ and inhuman
f-harpct And • p^ea! not. The vety in itoi^l and marked
dtiF-r« neo between !he not'hetn tndtan-and tlio-" ot ihe
ptmcipal vouthern tribe*, may be accounted lor by the sample
fact that the latter were permitted, tor long puno<te, to re-
main undistuihed m their original locations; where, sur-
rounded by, or m close proximity with, a white population,
they, to a considerable extent, acquired settled habits and
a knowledge of, and taste for, civilized occupations and pur-
suits.
"Our present policy, as you are aware, is entirely "the
reverse of that heretofore pursued in rhe three particulars
mentioned, tt is to permanently locate the different tribes
on teservations ombtaonc only &utficieru land for their ae-
tunl occupancy; to divide tin* among them    severalty, and
require them to live upon and cultivate the tract" assigned to
them ; and in heu of money annuities., to furnish th^m with
stock animals, agricultural implements, mechanic shops,
tool and materials:, and manual-labor schools for tlie indus-
trial and mental education of their yonth. Most of the
older treaties, however, provide for annuities in,money,and
the Department has, therefore, no authority to commute
them even in cases where the Indians may desure.or could
be influenced to agree to hueli a change. In view of this
laet, and the belter to enable the Department to carry out
its piesentand really more benevolent policy, I would re-
spectfully lecommend and urge that a law be enacted by
Congies-., empowering and requiring the Department, m ail
cadi's whet e money annuities are provided for by existing
treaties, and tbe assent of the Indians can be obtained, to
commute them for objects and purposes of a beneficial
character.5'
Sir, until you adopt some plan like the one sug-
gested hy the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, you
can never hope to civilize the Indian. Until you
teach him habits of industry; until the precarious
pursuits of the chase and the war-path are aban-
doned for the more peaceful pursuits of agricul-
ture, you cannot expect to promote his permanent
good. .The roving, wandering life of a savage
| must be exchanged for the more quiet occupation
of civilized man. The Indian must learn to de-
pend upon himself and the fruits of his own labor.
Tie must practically acquire a knowledge of the
benefits to be derived from agricultural pursuits
and the arts of civilization, before he can com-
prehend and appreciate the advantage, as well as
necessity, of adopting the white man's habits.
To break down the prejudices of the Indians is a
work of no ordinary labor and difficulty; and the
first step to be taken is Uy uprooting the com-
munity of property system; by extinguishing or
modifying the tribal relation; by curbing the war
spirit; and by making labor respectable and pro-
fitable,especially the cultivation of the soil. This
can only be done by encouraging agricultural pur-
suits. One example of rewarding industry will
go further todi.sstpate their hereditary prejudices
than the speeches of a thousand councils, or the
combined recommendations of a hundred agents.
If uuiNt be apparent that the chase will no longer
allotd them the means ofKubsiotence. The buffalo,
thai once afforded food and fuel on our western
plains, are passing away t Agent Redfield says:
u TJuiFdloaie the Indian's cattle ; when they fail he mti'.t
pn^lt oi livr by plunder, and then we mu-t j'cui them ot de-
sho>l tnem.'7 ^
But the buffalo have disappeared, and the hunt-
er can now no lorigei ptovide for the necessities
of life! The annuities paid, as 1 have shown,
wasted in folly and drunkenness, tend to impair
and destroy his prosperity rather than promote
it. Widely scattered over unnecessarily large res-
ervations, now set apart for him; the land held
in common and no individual property acknowl-
edged, the Indian has no encouragement to labor.
Illustrate the fact by asking yourselves what
would be the consequences m any agricultural
county of the Union, the richest, if you please,
if all held the land in common, and all wen; en-
titled to a common share of what was produced.
The idle would fasten upon the industrious, and
compel them to (lee from rapacious indolence, or
relapse again into hopeless idleness. To avoid
the errors of the past, and secure the permanent
good of the Indian, it is necessary to concentrate
the tribes on small reservations, and allot to cach
a separate pioporty. Let the Indian have the usu-
fiuct of the soil he tills, if you please, but guar-
anty it permanently to each head of a family,
inalienable except to the United States, or a mem-
ber of the tribe; such purchaser holding by a sim-
ilar tenure. Upon this point the Commissioner,
from whose report I have already quoted, says:
<• The policy of concentrating tiie Indian*, on sin,>11 reser-
vations of land, and of suramin? them those loi a hm.ted
penod, until they can be indueul to make the neec^ary
cYeitions tostippoit tbem-eh'o, wa-, commenced in lt53
wall tho>c in (J.tlUoinia. it t in lac t, the only eoutse cotu-
paulde v\iih tin ohh^.uioiH oi'jti-Ucc and humanity, leit to
be pui-ued io ic'iard'to all tho-<> u ith which out advancing
iiUtlentente tendei new and p'-rmnneni at i.myemcnts neces-
sary We have tio Joncer distant and eucni-ive sections ot'
countiv which we can re-siyn them, abounding ui yame,
fiom winch they could derive a k ad> and comfoifable sap-
pott; a le.voaice which iias, in a great uieasme, failed them
where they are, and m consequence of which they must,
