766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
at limes, be subjected to the pangs of hunger, if not actual
starvation, or obtain a subsistence by depredations upon
our frontier settlements. If it weie practicable to prevent
such depredations, ihe alternative to providing for the In-
dians in the manner indicated would be to leave them to
starve ; but as it is impossible, m consequence of the very
great extent of our frontier, and our limited military force,
to adeq uately guard against such occurrences, the only alter-
native, m fact, to making provision for them, is to extermi-
nate them."
This view of the Commissioner is sustained by
the concurrent testimony of nearly all the super-
intendents and Indian agents whose reports I
have been enabled to examine. They all, with a
singular unanimity, agree that this policy is the
only one which will tend to advance the civiliza-
tion and temporal prosperity of the Indian, and
hastening to the accomplishment of an object so
beneficial, that it must appeal to the good sense
of the House, and enable the Indian at no distant
day to subsist and support himself. It will do
more than this; aside from its being a measure of
economy, it is a peace measure, and will contrib-
ute more to protect the frontier from Indian rav-
ages than standing armies or military power.
The first step toward the civil;zation of our In-
dians, the very door to that beneficial result, is to
teach them to subsist themselves by their own
labor; to give them a parcel of land which they
may regard as their own; to supply them with
agricultural implements; to furnish them with
stock animals, and thus learn them the value of
individual property. It will teach them a self re-
liant independence, and in lieu of the abject de-
pendence upon meager cash annuities, render
them self-subsisting, pave the way to civilization,
and save them from extermination.
In my own State this question has been tested.
The Sioux Indians aie the nuwt warlike, reckless,
and untamable, in the valley of the Mississippi.
Their agent, Mr. Joseph R. !>rown, long and in-
timately acquainted with their wants, habits, and
pgcuimnties, and earifesily desiung to ameliorate
their condition, inaugurated the system of sepa-
rate property. The untried experiment with these
Indians was no new theoi y with Mr. Brown, lie
had years before advocated, in a series of able ar-
ticles, the necessity of breaking down the com-
munity of property, and the encouragement of
individual industry, by allotting to each head of
a family separate parcels of land in severalty.
This plan, even with these Indians, has resulted so
favorably, that i take plea^uie in giving the le-
sultsof this experiment, by quotinp^from anartiele
in the Henderson Democrat, on this very subject,
it says:
"Those who have thus accommodated iheinselves to the
whites' customs, and habits, have been arranged by them-
selves mto one band, called ' the farmers and as an evi-
dence. ot tlicir success, we have onlv to «i.nu than ho joint
pioducts ol lout teen 01' those Ui :ueis Mitnnn d tip, an | tn«:
thousand and ei;(ht> two bushel- of potatoes. t\\ o thou-and
tour hundred and twentv-scven bushels ei enm.one hun-
dred loiisofhav, besides the nutm-iou-. jr.irden ve<,'e«,ib!e>
rai&ed by each family. Wi: venture t,o s,iy that «-eatceIv
any loutieen white lanneis. lately .-ettied, have pioduecd a
heavier aveiafje etop than tin-.
" Since their adoption ofayi icultme, these f'.u iter-. have
been a constant theme of ndieiile lor ih" othei Indians.
They weie called the • depots.'* the ' wood choppeis,' tlie
4 halt bieeds,1 and othei namev, all implying thai the\ wei e
no bettor than women. Yet fh"y bote up undei it bmvely,
and were tirm. ft was neces-iu v. howe/ei. in ordet to bind
them tnore firmly to the customs they bad adopted, that a
la.st call .should be made upon then moial ''oiua^o ; and ac-
cordingly, at the siu'^'stion of Mapu Liovvn. u was pio-
po^ed to theiivthat they tdiould h-u-c th, ir hair cut ojj, and
adopt the white chess /u This a dasher iot them !
They could boar the white man'-* drc.—. end stand the abu.-e
of the Indian ; but ttus vva« .stuRmi; dueet at their own he-
jedilary eu-toms and In lie!-. Itvm- aili-^iaee and a file me!
They hesitated—demurred—.ind all buue!ti-ed ; huj finally
came up man lid! v and underwent the ordeal. Sixteen came
up and weie made white men ot in tins tk'ay. Aftei the
ordeal, every e'leoiiraueim nt was siveu them, both by the
agent and f-u;>ei>ut<-mK;>it, tt> -.tand him to their new cus-
toms, both by word and deed. lOach one was pies'-nted
with two new suits ol clothes throughout, a yoke ol oxeri,
u cow, and nunieiou-. Miie uieseufs. They weie told that
the United States would pioteet them. and ihat they must
hereaftei do all they could t.) encourage othei i to adopt the
same mode ol life."
This statement is confirmed by Colonel Wil-
liam J. Cuiion, the present t neiguie and faithiul
superintendent of the uortiiern supermtendenev.
He earnestly seconded the cffnit^of Mr. l>rown,
and by that zeal and practical good sense which
has ev< r characterized his management of Indian
affairs, largely contributed fo the success of this
hitherto untiled experiment. I also extract from
the report of Agent Brown, in further confirmation
of this policy:
"These associations will constitute a nucleus around
which I hope to see the annuity Indians united in the bands ' j
of civilization. They are the foundation stones upon which h
the structure of Jnd'iau improvement, m tins valley, must jj
stand, and should therefore be fostered with all care neces- j
sary to preserve their efficiency. 1 think that the allotment !j
of land in sevcraltv, as proposed in the treaties with the an- I j
nuity Sioux, negotiated at Washington last spring, will form 11
another great link in the chain ot Indian civilization, if the j
same shall be ratified by the Senate. The working of the jj
system is already demonstrated in the improvement of sep- j:
arate farms during the past year, and the great demand for !
separate farms as a piehmmary to agricultural impiove- j!
meat. Give a man a separate tract to cultivate, arid he does !!
not hesitate to labor for us improvement; but a man can
seldom be induced to labor in a common field The com-
mon field is the seat of barbarism; the sepaiate farm, the
door to civilization."
He also c^ds that many more Indians are be-
ginning to appreciate the advantages that flow
from agricultural pursuits, and are anxious to
adopt the same system, and are ready to cut their
hair and adopt the habiliments and customs of
the white man.
Permit me, Mr. Chairman, in this connection,
to submit to the committee and the House the
joint resolution of instructions from the Legisla-
ture of Minnesota in regard to this subject:
Joint resolution relative to the Sioux and Winnebago res-
etihtions.
Whereas the reservation now occupied by the Sioux Vi-
dians embraces a much larger tiact of countiy than is ne-
cosniy foi thur um-, oi compatible with the mteiest& of the
State; and wheieas the civilization of these Indians would
be Sleuth piomoted b\ securing to eacn head of a family a
traei or land Miit'iciem ibi as;iicultural pmpo-es. with Mich
asM- t.tnee inun the Oeneial Government as may be deemed
lecpiMie to withdiaw flieiu tiom the ehase and alfoid
piopei anneuitmal and mechanical education ; and wbeie-
a-- the u'sei vation now occ up.ed bv the Wiunehauo Indian',
in the eoiuities ot I Jlue lihtih and Waseca, em In aces a tei -
ntorj now entirely -aiiioiinded by white settlements, ami
winch ienervation is near the center of one of the mo->t
densely populated districts ot tlw^Htate; and whereas the
location or said lesetwirion is such that it i^ impossible to
prevent a constant mule being carried on between the
white settlers ami the Indians occupying said n'scive, and
thmujih the influence constantly kept up between tue
whiles and the, 1 ndiaus, the lattei ate constant I v being sup-
plied with spnituou-j hquots, the free use o! winch by the
Indian*.- often leads to the iium unfoitnnate iGe-ulN, both as
lelated to the whites and theJudians; and whereas theciv-
ihzaiiiin ot the-e Indians would doubtless be greatly ad-'
vaneed bv iciuovmg them beyond the inlhicnce above al-
luded to, and by locating t'lem on lands when,' each Indian
can be possessed oi a mini bejond the white settlements :
Theretote.
U'^olrcl hit the Senate ant! Jloirc of Representatives of
the .S Lite o)WUnns'.ota< That our Senatois an id Representa-
tive?. in (Jongie-s be, and aie hereby, tequested to urge
upon the Indian depainnent .it Washington Mtch mea's-
iiiis as innv l.<> neces-arv to open to settlement the mii plus
and unoccupied land now contained within the Sioux res-
eivation ; and Mien additional measures as may be deem? d
proper to ileal the difficulties hesetofoie and .'till existing jj
between the whites and Sioux bordering upon our State
line, and to scenic the peaceful occupancy or tin' lands upon ' i
om we«,uun tiontiers. And also to take <ueh measures as ii
inav b'Mieces^arv to prOfuro a speedy icjiioval ot the said ji
Winnebago Indians from thou pie^ent location, to one be- j|
yond tin; white settlements, and that flit" leservation now ;]
tjccupu d bv the said Winucha *o Indian • inav be opened to j I
pieeuiption and settlement in the same, manner as other i
Govei mnent binds aie now subject to settlement.
Ap[iioveil. Febi uai v *2."). J i-js. i
In regard to the Sioux reservation, which is un- ;i
nee.esKdniy lai^e, the request of the Legislature !
will, 1 tiust, soon be complied with by the rati- 'i
fic.xtion of a treaty made la.st winter with that ,J
tribe; in which treaty, sir, this principle of allot- i
ting land", in severalty to such Indians as may !i
desire it, is recognized. Another treaty now !
pending m the Senate contains the same pro- j
vision, and as the propriety and economical ne-
cessity for this provision is recognized by the '
Indian bureau, I hope and trust it will also be 1
recognized by this House, and made general and :
universal. .
The Winnebago reservation was unwisely and
improperly selected. Located in the heart of an
agricultural country, unequaled in the world for ''
fertility and beauty, surrounded on all sides by 1
the homes of settlers, who make the virgin soil 1
yield of its bounteous gifts to the wants of man,
this reservation stands on the map as a blotupon
its face. Farms and thriving villages are cursed
by this unproduemg spot; yet if civilization and 1
agriculture could develop the hidden wealth of .
that resei ve, the lowing h;u d and the golden fields ■
or' ripening *;rain would soon bear witness to its :
marvel.m:-; fertility.
llui, sir, if*thu necessity and wants of the set-
tler must be denied, (and upon this subject I fenr
that the Department having this matter in charge
is inexorable,) let the wise and judicious system
of granting land in severalty to the members of
this tribe be adopted, so that the reserve may be ii
reduced. Thus, while the interest of the Indian
is secured, and his prosperity and civilization pro-
moted, a large proportion of the reserve may be
given to settlement, adding alike to the wealth of
•the Indians and the State. Already says the
agant, Mr. Mix—
" The Indians are beginning to feel the benefits of civil-
ization and its necessity. They me all anxious to have
pioperty vested in their own right; many of them have sug-
gested the propriety of having some of then laud sold, and
the remainder divided among them, giving a number of
acres to eachTamdy, in aecoi dance with the treaty of 1856 "
The agent, in wise philanthropy, recommends
this policy.' The number of the Winmbagoes is
not large, and they can be concentrated, if not re-
moved ; and I trust this may be done.
Sir, the efforts heretofore made to civilize the
Indians by affording them religious instruction,
and by sending teachers among them, has sig-
nally failed. It was commencing their education
at the wrong point. To give the untamed savage
leligious instruction, is about as useless as to at-
tempt to teach^xlgebra to the child who had not
learned his letters. The very foundation of all
civilization commences with the plow. In the
same proportion that agriculture is promoted,
wealth and the more refined sciences, together
with a larger intelligence, are also promoted. It
is the history of all nations; the nomadic tribes
of evei y nation and country are in a state of semi-
harbunsm; and it is only when they have aban-
doned the chase and the forest, and settled down
in the pursuits of agriculture, that stable progress
commences.
If we continue the annuity system, game lap-
idly disappearing, we but encourage and promote
those plundering excursions upon the frontier
settlers, which have brought and will continue to
bring on bloody and disastrous border warfare.
We may sing peans in praise of the Indian char-
acter; we may commiserate and pity the poor In-
dian, but unless some new system is adopted,
the work of extermination will go on until the
aboriginal race js entirely extinct. If we would
not exterminate our Indians, we must feed them;
not by so feeding them as to afford them a life of
lazy indolence, but by teaching them habits of
agricultural life, by giving them stock and farm-
ing implements, to enable them to subsist them-
selves. Give them farmers and blacksmiths;
teach them to sow and to reap; give them a farm
and stock, and you have attained the desired re-
sult by enabling them to become self-supporting
and independent. The annuity system is a pos-
itive iirjuiy, rather reward the successful tiller of
the soil, and allow the money which is now given
to the head men and chiefs, to bo donated to
these farmers of the tribe, in the order of their
success. Punish idleness by want, and in less
than three years you will find the tribes on each
reservation concentrated, prosperous, and sub-
sisting themselves, without Government aid.
Humanity and economy alike dictate this pol-
icy. The chase being insufficient to supply their
wants, you have but the two altei natives left—to
feed the Indians, or exterminate them by starva-
tion or war. Against their extermination hu-
manity protests. Ai! that a wise forecast and
justice require to be done, should he done to
avert their destruction. The pernicious course
of treatment now pursued by the Government,
and the bloody horrors of the battle, equally tend
to their destruction. It is best and wisest to feed
them. A statement was made by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Giddikgs,] a few days ago, that
the same money now required to sustain the army
on the frontier, and keep the Indians in check,
expended in feeding them, would preserve peace
and quiet. Sir, so it would. Now, as between
the alternatives of extermination and providing
food for the Indians, I may be doing Congress
great injustice, yet I must think they wouId*pre-
fer to feed them.
Resulting mainly from the adoption of this sys-
tem, the Commissioner of Indian Affairs esti-
mated the expense of the coming fiscal year at
$744,829 51 less than the present fiscal year. The
two treaties made with the northern Indians dur-
ing the past summer, embodying the idea of grant-
ing upon the reservation parcels? of land m sever-
alty to such heads of families as may desire it,
should become the fixed policy of the Government
when treaties are hereafter made. And, sir, we
should go further; new treaties should be en-
tered into with all the tribe^with which the Gov-
