1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
ernment has now treaty stipulations, that this
principle may be ingrafted thereon.
Mr. Chairman, this is no gratuity or bounty
on the part of the Government. ^ We absolutely
owe this much to the Indian; we have purchased
his land at the cost of about eight and a half cents'
per acre, and we can afford to carry out these dic-
tates of humanity; we have derived a sufficient
amount from the lands to justify it. Itis but sim-
ple justice* The fate «f the poor Indian, I must
admit, does not fill me with those tender and sym-
pathetic emotions which seem to dissolve some
members on this floor. I regard the Indian, un-
der his present treatment, as base, treacherous,
and perfidious; living by plunder; indolent and
debauched by dissipation; and the pest of the fron-
tier. True, we have taken his land, or rather the
land over which he roamed, but which he did not
improve nor make to yield of its rich abundance
to promote the happiness and the-progrcss of man-
kind. It was our duty to do it. We wanted
the land for the various uses which an all-wise
Providence designed it. We wanted it to make
free homes for a free people. It was not right
that, this fair continent should remain a wilder-
ness. Its teeming soil should be made to produce
of its abundance for the wants of man. Its rivers
and its streams were not made to whisper their
„music to surrounding forests, but to be the busy
scene of industry and life, and vocal with the
music of the water-wheel. This land was made
for the civilized man, and not for the untamed
savage. For the advancement of the Indian, we
should cherish a practical sympathy, and, like
the genuine Yankee, have at the same time an eye
to economy; and if we would protect him from
extermination, and cheaply provide him with the
means of subsistence, we must afford him the
opportunity to subsist himself. The plan I have
suggested will speedily secure this result. It is
yet an experiment it is true; but, sir, it has been
sufficiently tried to piove its efficacy. We must
hasten to accomplish this work. The annuities
arc rapidly diminishing, and the sooner you allot
each Indian a parcel of land in severalty, and as-
sist him in making a home that shall be his own,
the sooner you will solve the great problem of
cheaply protecting your frontier and subsisting
the Indian.
In fact, Mr. Chairman, my idea is that the en-
tire policy of treating with the Indians is wrong
in theory and worse in practice. We should adopt
the policy of taking such land as ourpeoplr want,
and with fatherly tenderness and sohouude pro-
vide for its wandenng denizens as humanity and
justice would dictate. The Government is the
proprietor of the soil, and should acknowledge no
right of property in those wandering tribes who
camp upon it without making it available to fjic
wants of man. By the adoption of tins principle
the Indians would be the wards of the Govern-
ment, and should be treated with parental kind-
ness. No kindness will be so lastingly beneficial
as to reduce them from a state of barbarism, and
teach them the peaceful arts of agnculture, and
thereby teaching them to support themsi Uvs
In conclusion, I would say, that inasmuch as
the bill to which I have alluded only partially
meets the wants of the frontier settlers, I shall
hope that an amendment will be offered, when it
comes before the House, to carry out this policy
It seems to me to be the part of wisdom to pro-
mote a knowledge of agriculture among the In-
dians. Once taught to cultivate the soil with
fixed laws, and a sufficiency to live comfortably,
and the foundation is laid, deep and firm, for a
maturing civilization, with all the superadded
blessings of Christianity and education.
I return my thanks to the gentleman from Iowa
for the courtesy he has extended to me.
THE PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. I have not intended to in-
flict upon the committee any lengthy observations
at this tune. I have had a desire to express my
opinions respecting some matters which 1 deem
of practical public interest, and my remarks will
mainly be confined to the matter of the disposition
of the public lands. I fully concur in the sentiment
so well expiessed this evening by the gentleman
from Georgia [Mr. Wright] in regard to that
matter; in regard to the value of the people who
settle upon the public domain; and in respect to
the tendency of the policy of giving to each indi-
vidual a freehold—a place upon this broad earth
which he may call his own, be it ever so small,
which he regards so beneficial in its effects. At
the last session of this Congress I had the honor
to submit a memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Iowa, asking that the sales of the public
lands should be restricted to actual settlers, in
limited quantities: and I feel it a duty incumbent
upon me to say something, as I have the oppor-
tunity, in approbation and in support of the views
of the Legislature of my State.
Our land system, as one which, originating
without experience, as one that was entered upon
without the benefit of that wisdom which arises
from the-ordinary course of events, was admira-
bly calculated, and it has been the boast of our
country, that the system by which wc dispose of
our public lands, is the best that history gives us
any account of. It has secured to us safety of i
title, and it has secured to the Government a cor-
rect knowledge of its public lands, and its tend-
ency has been to disseminate, among the people
whose interest it was to occupy those lands, a
knowledge of their adapMtion for the purposes |
for which they were wanted. I would remark j
generally, that the land is desirable to the Gov- |
ernment for no other purpose than as affording !
the means to its citizens or acquiring an estate m j
the land for actual settlement and cultivation. ;
I would make this further observation, that so j
far as regards a community itself, its interests are '
that its lands shall be under the ^possession and
i control of the Government until they are wanted
for the purposes of actual occupation. Originally, 1
it was not supposed that our public lands would
be disposed of in small quantities duectly by the ■
Government to the actual settler. It was ex-
pected that individuals of wealth and influence ,
j would buy the public Ian..**, and that their wealth i
' and influence would induce their settlement and ;
! occupation. In the first instance, I believe, the ,
I pubhc lauds weie not peimhted to be offered in j
1 quantities even as small as a section. The anti- ,
; cipation was that they would be disposed of by :
'•townships; but as we profited by observation and j
' experience, it soon became apparent that the pub- ;
I he good would bo best promoted by permitting |
i individuals to take them in such quantities as i
! they desired foraetual settlement and cultivation. '
i The sales were fust made by sections, and then
; by quarter sections, and the Government contin-
ued to dispose of them m quantities of this latter '
size for a coiivMdeiable length of time. The next j
step in th" progress of division was into halves !
. and quarter-quai tor sections—tracts of forty acres i
| each If I am not mistaken, the Government did .
' not dispose of any lands in less quantities than |
, eighty-acre tracts fortwentv or twenty-five years,
I when the final and least; uUlivision was made.
' The policy of this mode of disposing of the
' public land has been approved by the country.
1 It was found to work admirably, and enable a man
! of small means to acquire, by a .small sum of
! money, as much land as would afford him aper-
! manent and reliable homestead. We have seen ,
; great benefits arising from tins policy. When !
i the public lands were subdivided into quarter- ;
' quarter sections, it was hardly expected, judging !
; trom the condition of the country, the commer- i
■ cial wants, and the pursuits of the people, that
1 there wasany great danger of the public lands fall-
J mg largely into the hands of speculator. The
I system wotked extremely well, as it was based
1 upon the sound ideas of surveying the public
lands in such away that the different subdivis-
' ions could be easily found and their boundaries
1 distinctly ascertained, and of disposing of them
, in quantities such as would meet the wants of all
the people.
But, like everything else human, like every-
thing else which emanates from us, impel feet
I creatures, abuses have grown up, and results Inn e
i arisen, which were not anticipated. tio fai fiom
1 the land being open no -* to actual tattlers, the
! whole tendency of things is to brini£ the specu-
lator between the person desiring to become the
I actual settler, and compelling him to pay tribute
! to the former, without any merit whatever. This
i state of things, which permits any erne to inter-
] vene between the Government and the settler, is
j most pernicious in its tendency and ought to be
| prevented.
S The public lands of our country that arc now
i offered for sale m the fertile regions of Wisconsin,
Iowa, Kansas,and Nebraska, are easily brought
, into cultivation. The trouble of improving them,
I and gathering a Grop, is no more, though they
1 lay upon the prairies wild, than it is to take a
cultivated farm in the old States,*and to reap a
crop from it. - '
1 know something about other portions of fhe
country than the Far West. I know something of
Ohio and New York, and the raising of a crop of
wheat there. I know what it is to do ths same
thing upon the prairies of the West. And, sir, I
can say that it is as easy to put in a crop of wheat
in the unbroken prairie, as on the improved fields
of thgse States. This shows the great facility
with which the western land can be cultivated,
improved,and settled up; and it accounts, too, for
the rapid growth of that region in population and
wealth*.- Whenever a tract of land is brought to
market and sold, of course settlement ensues, and
the value of the lands rapidly increases. Those,
therefore, who purchase choicc portions, make
quite a speculation of them.-To my own knowl-
edge, in three or four land offices in the northern
part of Iowa, when the land sales are approach-
ing, the people collect in large numbers, beyond
the accommodations which can be afforded by such
new places. They collect there for the purpose
of speculation, to purchase the pubhc lands, and
avail themselves of the subsequent rise of price.
Contests took place at the last Laid sale at Osage,
on the northern line of Iowa; the number of per-
sons who collected there was so large that the
settlers became alarmed, and took measures with
a view to prevent the sales taking place. An an-
gry contest arose, and at one time it was anti-
cipated that bloodshed would icsult. An agree-
ment was finally entered into, by which the
settlers were permuted to enter their locations to
the extent of half sections, or three hundred and
twenty acres. When those locations were made,
then the speculators rushed in, and took the bal-
ance, sweeping over, in some instances, entire
townships.
Tins system of subjecting the land sales to the
I intervention of the settler and the speculator has
' become so great, that in some western land offices
arrangements arc made under which it is pro-
vided that, if a person goes out to select a quarter
section and then to the land office to enter H, he
is to be informed that the land is already entered,
the person or persons in the town withwhom the
arrangement is made then paying the money for
i it. It is m this way that the lands of the Govern-
i ment are kept from the settlers for the purposes
i of speculation. It is unjust to the settlers, and
| injuiious to the true interests alike of the Govern-
I ment and the new States and Territories. We
I ought to puc a stop to it now. Every reason of
■ common piudence demands this at our hands.
| Of late years this-speculating in the pubiiclands
! has increased largely, and is still increasing. It
I has operated to the in jury of the various branches
| of industry. Money invested in land that is not
| wanted for use and cultivation is so much dead
i capital, at least so far as the community is con-
! cerncd; while, sir, the tendency, at the same time,
i is to withdraw it fiom the legitimate channel of
! trade which properly belongs to it, and in which
J it could be profitably employed. This is money
I invested for speculation; money invested where
j there is really nothing earned; and money with-
j drawn from legitimate business, thus invested,
| must, and does, necessarily create embarrass-
ments to trade and commerce. It takes away the
' foundation upon which trade is earned on, and
j sinks it in this way, without use or profit, for the
' tune being. I apprehend that the embarrassments
; we are now laboringundorin the West, the heavy
! depreciation which we have suffered, all has been
increased and aggravated by this very thing of
■ wild speculation in lands. I have seen its baneful
( fleets upon the industry of Iowa. I presume the
! gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Phelps] can tes-
tify to its effects in his own State, where mtelli-
gt nr men have been employed, in great numbers,
, to look out for good land for the purpose merely
; of making entry and getting in advance of the tide
. of emigration, and to get an enhanced price from
the bona jtde settler. This cannot be considered
! as anytlnngelse but deleterious in its effects. And,
: sir, under all the circumstances—if the positions
. 1 take be true, and I think they cannot be gain-
j sayed—the best policy for this country is the dis-
i position of the public lands to the actual settlers
