768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
alone. This is what the Legislature of Iowa asked
from Congress; this is what they deemed right,
in view of the best policy of the country; and I
am glad to have an opportunity to express here
my indorsement of their memorial.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the gentle-
man let me ask him a question for information ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. Certainly.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to know
whetker certain bills did not pass Congress some
two years ago, granting to railroad companies in
Iowa, for railroads passing through Iowa, a very
large amount of land? I have heard it stated,
though probably that is an exaggeration,^hat if
those grants were all placed together, they would
extend in width some sixty miles, all through that
State. And i would ask the gentleman further,
whether the land'offices, or nearly all, were not
closed up? I do not remember the fucts, but 1
desire to know what they are ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. I will endeavor to
answer the gentleman, although I have not par-
ticular data before me to enable me to speak accu-
rately. It is perfectly apparent that by the entry
of lands and settlement upon them, the adjoining
lands are enhanced in value. One of the earliest
land grants, I believe the earliest, was for the Illi-
nois Central railroad.
Mr. VALLAMDIGIIAM. Yes, sir; that was
in 1850.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. That road runs from
Cairo to near the Illinois river, and there it
branches, one branch going to Chicago and the
other to Dunleith, upon the Mississippi river. ;
Now, for more than two thirds of the way that
road ran through the public lands. The price of
that land had become much reduced under the 1
operation of the giadinition laws. It was less
than fifty cents per acie. It was considered leally
worthless; as not desirable for settlement; a^Unfit i
for occupancy; arid it was neglected. When this
grant was made and the company took hold of
the road, the land immediately rose in price; and :
it has been selling at from five to fifteen doilais 1
per acre. The company have had large quantities
in market for sale; and the country is rapidly set-
tling up ail along the hue of the rond. 1 believe ,
that the £iant of lands for the consti action of rail-
roads, and thus to lacihmte tiavel and tian.spoi-
tation, settlement, and trade, is praisewoithv to
the Government, ami beneficent to the oouuuy.
Jin good policy is proved ui the case 1 have re-
ferred to
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Will the -enile-
nmn state how many million acieahavu been do-
nated to railroad companies in lown?
Mr. OA ViS, of fowa. i believe that sonic three
or lour million acies ot land were gt anted to four
railroad lines running across the State, from ihe
Mississippi to the Missomi. I umJei.stand that '
then: js also ;iu application befoie the Commit-
tee on Putu'ic Lands, and that that commm< e are
ready to ivpmt a lull granting a n<„Hit of pi< emp- ,
tion to another railioud lo run across the northern
end of the ►State of Iowa, from the A1 ississippi to
the Missouii.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Has, or has not,
the Legislature of fowa memorialized lor this
gmnt. oi land to these railroads?
Mr. DA VIS, of Iowa. Yes sir, it, has. The i
►Stale of Iowa originally asked fur land for the
construction of tour railroads. ,
Mi. PIlKLI>S,ofMi nnesota. In order to avoid
any misconstruction that mis, ht be puton the ques-
tion oj the gentleman horn Ohio, i ask whether
the Government does not receive $2 50 an acie -
for the alternate sections of land not gianted to 1
tlie roads: ;
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. I understand that to be ;
usually so. The alternate sections of public land 1
are doubhd m piice; and the land which had lam '
perfectly idle,,is in the case of the Illinois mil- i
road, and had not been taken up ut twelve and a ,!
half .cents an acie, has become salable at that ■
advanced price. j
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Minnesota whether that did not '
raise the price far above that which has been j
fixed by Government to actual settleis? i;
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. That did raise the -i
price. I rimy mention here that the pt oplo who :i
have settled in tho region of country through ij
which the northern lovva railroad is to run, 'j
threaten to desert their settlements unless they ij
have a fair prospect of getting the railroad. The
country, for some seventy or eighty miles along
the line of the proposed road, is settled. It is
mainly destitute of timber. There is not a suf-
ficiency of timber for the ordinary purposes of im-
proving farms, erecting buildmgs, making fences,
&e. There is some little timber interspersed here
and there, but not enough to meet the demands
of the country. It is finely watered. There is
needed a railroad to transport timber for the Mis-
sissippi.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman whether, as a matter of fact, the great
body of the actual settlers of that region of coun-
try are not men of limited means, and poorly able
to develop the resources of the country?
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. The settlers of all new
countries are generally men of small means. Now
and then a man of moderately good means goes
in and settles on the public, lands.
Mr, MAYNARD. lask the gentleman whether
it is not desirable, as a matter of public policy, and
would not be promotive of the growth and pros-
perity of a country, that men who are not actual
settlers should become owners of land,and hence
interested in the development of the country ?
iVJ r. DAVIS, of Iowa. The persons who pur-
chase land for speculation seldom look -to its
improvement. They suppose that the land must
rise in value, and they wait to avail themselves
of the rise. They are not the men to go into a
country and improve it. When men come into
a region of country to .settle, and find the land all
taken up by speculators, the intending settlers,
knowing; that there is plenty of public land else-
! where, move on from that locality; and thus the
j progress of iliat portion of the country is retaided.
I Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. Does not the
; entiy of these lands by non-residents prevent the
| occupation and cultivation of the country, and
operate to drive away settlement?
Mr. DA VIS, of Iowa. I have stated that that
; was the effect of having lands entered by non-
residents. The man who comes to settle there
with his family, finds all the eligible lands taken
1 up. If theie be a grove of timber m the neigh-
borhood, the speculator secures it, and thus pre-
, vents the settlement of the lands m the vicinity.
| Mr, MAYNARD. I desue to ask the gentle-
man from low a another question for information.
; 1 ask hnn whether the fust settlers are the per-
sons who usually form the permanent population,
or whether, when they establish what they call
occupant claims and improve them more or less,
they do not sell out to permanent settlers and go
on and make other occupant claims?
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. I will explain that mat-
ter. Sometimes a young man comes from New
Knghiud with a couple of hundred dollars m his
pocket; enters eighty acres of land and makes
Koine nn pi ov.Miu-nfs on it. lie subsequently sells
it for perhaps ten tunes more than he u;ave font;
and, wishing to inciease the quantity of his land,
he moves to another pi;\ce. Hut I will say to the
gentleman that there are some persons who are
called land vshaiks with us, and who are notveiy
respectable. They go and fasten on the public
lands, and then sellout. These people are looked
upon in somewhat the same light as those who
Hade in a cei turn species of propeity m the South.
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the gentleman
means to say that they are not very reputable
anions the squatters.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. It is not usual for men
to sell their lands in this way. It sometimes hap-
pens that a man who settles on eighty acres, de-
siies a larger farm,and soils it; although he looks
finally to a permanent settlement.
M r. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman whether
he means to say that the feeling which obtains
towaids these land speculators in his region of
country, is that same sort of jealousy, that same
sort of hatred, that same sort of spiteful feel i no-
and animosity which is apt to be engendered in
the breasts ofall evil-minded people towards those
who are more favored, more prosperous, and more
successful in hie than themselves?
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. I meant to excite no
angry feeling whatever. I have understood that
there was a n ado carried on at the South, in their
peculiar property; and that such traders are not
looked upon as engaged in a reputable employ-
ment. Am I right in that impression?
Mr. MAYNARD.- I presume the gentleman
has that impression, whether he is right or wrong.
I will explain if he will give me the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. I meant nothing dis-
respectful towards those who hold this kind of
property with a view of helping themselves.
Mr. MAYNARD. I understood the gentle-
man to say that those who held lands which th$y
did not live upon were regarded in the same light
as slaveholders. Possibly I misapprehended him.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. I said that those indi-
viduals who squatted upon a piece of land, and
made some slight improvements, with the mere
view of getting a high price, were looked upon
in the same light as those who trade in slaves.
Those who make bona fide improvements are
looked upon as good settlers.
Mr. FOSTER. I want to make an observation
just here. 1 have heard it said that some person
remarked totheSpeakerthatsince the first month
of the session the nigger had not been talked
about in this House. The Speaker replied that
it was very refreshing. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. I do not know that it
is worth while to dwell any longer upon this me-
morial of the Legislature of Iowa.
In relation to the State of Illinois at large, and
in relation to every individual who was connectcd
with that work, the grant of land for the building
of that railroad through the center of the State—.
the only means by which it could have been built
( —has been eminently beneficial. I believe the
j State of Illinois has been benefited immensely by
! that grant. Before she was in debt, and practi-
| cally a repudiating State. As an effect of building
i that road, which could not have been done with-
: out the grant of this land, the lands through the
| central portions of the State have been largely
! occupied, and the State has received from the
' road woven per cent, of its gross earnings, which
j neaily pays the entire expense of the civil admin-
i istration of the State. She now stands in the con-
! dition of a debt-paying State. The railroad sys-
: tem which has been pursued in that State has
been of great benefit to her.
Now, m the State of Iowa, I apprehend, the
system will work m the same way. The lands of
that State along the Mississippi river were taken
Up, to some extent, but to a small extent only
were they taken up in the interior of the State,
through which this grant runs. The grant has
been an inducement to settlement in the interior
to an extent which would not have taken place
in our day, but for the stimulus derived from these
railroad grants.
In relation to this northern country for which
| we are asking a grant of land for a road, I am as-
sured by those who know—and I know some-
thing about it ftom my own observation—-that it
will remain a waste wilderness until a railroad
shall be run through it, by which the people may
have access to the river, and an avenue opened
through which they can send to markets abroad
thou* surplus products.
These are the reasons why I have advocated
this policy. As to those companies keeping the
lands themselves, it is entirely out of the ques-
tion. If they can sell their lands to those who
want to actually settle them, and build the road
fiorn the proceeds, they will come out of their dif-
ficulties most happily. I have heard allusion made
to the great profits made by this Illinois Central
railroad. The conclusive answer which may be
given to all that, is, that their stock is not, and
has not been for several years, worth near par.
It is now worth less than eighty cents on the dol-
lar in tiie market. They have embarked in a
! great public enterprise, and the probability is that
I the stockholders of the road are to come out very
i small gainers; but to the State of Illinois, and to
; the community at large, it has been of immense
benefit, affording means of intercourse with the
j various parts of the Union, increasing population
! and trade and the wealth of the whole country.
; That which was a wild waste, is now a beautiful
| and inhabited country. So it will be in the inte-
| nor of Iowa through the influence of these grants
j for railroads; and "so it will not be unless those
• roads are built. There is not a road now for which
a grant of land has been made, the proprietors of
| which to-day could sell their improvements upon
| their road for the amount they have expended.
The stock went below par. With a revival of
business, and an increase of settlements through
the country, and a development of its capability,
