1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
35th Cong....3d Sess.
Indiana Election Question—Mr. Johnson.
Senate.
I cannot exclude a sovereign State from a hear-
ing with such allegations by her Legislature. By
this declaration I intend no disrespect to the hon-
orable gentlemen from Indiana now occupying
seats on this floor. They both know that none
other than the kindest relations exist between
them and myself; but, as a member of this body,
I never will deny a State the right to be heard
here by legislative memorial or by her represent-
atives whom she commissions and sends here as
members of this body. Had not these seats been
preoccupied by gentlemen purporting to represent
Indiana in the Senate, the credentials presented
by Messrs. McCarty and Lane would have en-
titled them to be sworn at once as Senator^. No
one doubts it; but with those full credentials from
a sovereign State, backed by a memorial of the
Legisfature declaring that the incumbents were
never elected by the Legislature of the State, you
propose to deny to them the ordinary courtesy
which has never before been denied to an appli-
cant for a seat in either branch of Congress; you
propose to deny them the right to be heard, and
also to exclude them from the portals of the Sen-
ate Chamber. They come with credentials as
full and complete as any member of this body
ever presented at your Secretary's desk, and they
are thrust aside on the poor plea that the Senate
is now full, by an act of the Senate itself; on the
ground that there are no vacant seats, though the
Legislature of Indiana alleges that the incum-
bents were never elected by her act. It seems to
me that every principle of magnanimity, of cour-
tesy, of justice, of duty, and of public policy, con-
spires to induce the majority to permit this case
to be reviewed, and to allow these gentlemen to be
heard.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for a division, so that we
may vote first on the question of recommitment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. A division of the
question having been demanded, the question will
be on the first branch of the proposition of the
Senator from Iowa, which is, that all the papers be
recommitted to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. HARLAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. BELL, f desire to state that I have paired
off with the Senator from South Carolina,- [Mr.
Hammond.] If I voted at all, I should vote con-
sistently with my former votes on this question,
in the House of Representatives and here. If
the Senator from South Carolina were here, he
would vote s< nay" on this proposition, and I
would vote " yea."
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Connecticut
[Mr. Dixon] requested me to say that he had
paired oil with theSenatorfromNew Jersey,[Mr.
Wright.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am requested by my
colh-ague [Mr. Durkee] to state that he has
paired off with the Senator from Arkansas, [Mr.
Sebastian.]
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from New Jer-
sey [Mr. Thomson] has paired off with the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] The
Senator from New Jersey would vote against the
recommitment if he Were here.
Mr. WILSON. I have been requested by the
Senator from Rhode Island [ftlr. Simmons] to
say that he had paired off with his colleague, [Mr.
Allen,] at the requestofMr. Allen, who is quite
indisposed.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have been requested to state
that the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] paired
off with the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Yulee.]
Mr. Wade would not vote to recommit if he were
here.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Collamer
Doohttle, Douglas, Fessenden, Foot, Hamlin, Haiian, King,
Sfwaul, Tmmbull, and Wilson—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Bigler, Biodenck,
Brown, Chesnut, Cla>, Clingnian. Davis, Fitzpanick,
Green, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson of Ark-
ansas, Jojptson of Tennessee, Jones, Kennedy, Lane,
Mallory, Mason, Folk, i'ugh, Reid, Rice, Shields, Slidel),
Smith, Stuart, Toombs, and Ward—32.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to re-
commit having failed, the instructions appear to
the Chair to fall with it. The question now is on
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio [Mt
Pugh] to the amendment of the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Seward;] on which the Senator from
New York demanded the yeas and nays, but the
Chair failed to put the question on that call.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I ask for the
reading of the amendment on which the vote is to
be taken.
The Secretary read it. It is to strike out all
after the word " that," and insert:
The resolution of the Senate, adopted June 12,1858, af-
firming the right of GrahamN. Fitch atid Jesse D. Bright,
as Senators elected from the State of Indiana, the former
until the 4Ui day of March, 1861, and the latter until the 4th
day of March, 1863, was a final decision of all the premises
then in controversy, and conclusive as well upon the Legis-
lature of the State of Indiana, and all persons claiming
under its authority, as upon the Senators named m the res-
olution.
Mr. COLLAMER. I call for the reading of
the amendment for which that is offered as a sub-
stitute.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Seward, which is to strike out all after the word
"that,5'in the resolution discharging the com-
mittee, and to insert:
Henry S. Lane and William M. McCarty have leave to
occupy seats on the floor of the Senate pending the discus-
sion of the report of the Committee on the Judiciary on the
memorial of the Legislature of Indiana, declaring them her
duly elected Senators; and that tliey have leave to speak
to the merits of their rights to seats, and on the report of the
committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That which has
just been read is the amendment offered by the
Senator from New York. The one read before
is the amendment offered bv the Senator from
.Ohio to that amendment. Upon the latter, the
vote is about to be taken. The Secretary will call
the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 1G; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin,Bicler, Brown.Ches-
nut, Clay, Uhngman, Davis, Fitzpatnck, Green. Gwm,
Houston, Hunter, Iverson. Johnson ol Arkansas, Jones,
Kennedy, Lnne, Mallory, Ma^on, Polk, Pugh. Reid, Itice,
Shi<'kl<, SlidHl, Smith, Stuai t, Toombs., and Ward—30
NAYS—Messrs. Brode.riek, Cameion, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Doohttle, Douglas, Fessenden, Foot, Hamlin,
Harlan. Johnson of Tennessee, King, Seward, Trumbull,
and Wilson—16.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question re-
curs on the amendment as amended.
vMr.*WILSON asked for the yeas and nays.
Several Senators. Oh, no; we have just had
them.
Mr. WILSON. Do I understand that the
question is on the resolution as amended.
Mr. PUGH. It is on the adoption of the amend-
ment as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There was an
amendment to an amendment. The amendment
to the amendment has been agreed to, and the
Chair supposes that the question now, is on the
amendment as amended, and if that be agreed to
it will then be upon the original resolution as
amended.
Mr. COLLAMER. The original resolution
as the Chair calls it, as I understand, is not a res-
olution, but a simple request that the committee
be discharged from the further consideration of
the case. That is of no particular importance; it
does not dispose of any question. The question,
as amended, now stands on the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio, that this is an adjudged case,
and, I take it, the next vote will be on the pas-
sage of that proposition. [" Certainly."]
Mr. KENNEDY. I should be glad to have
the resolution read as amended.
Mr. STUART. A motion was made to strike
out of the resolution of the Senator from New
York all after the word "that," and insert the
proposition submitted by the Senator from Ohio.
That amendment has been agreed to; and now
the question is on the resolution as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair tlunks
the Senator from Michigan is correct.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think the Chair was correct
in the first instance; and if the Senator from
Michigan will hear a statement of the whole case,
I think he will see himself that he is wrong. The
Senator from New York offered an amendment,
which proposes to strike out words already ex-
isting in the report made by the committee.
Mr. PUGH. To add to it?
Mr. HAMLIN. No; to strike out, and to put
["Oh, no."] Ami
in their place other words.
not right ?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; the Senator from New
York made that motion.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Senator from New York
moved to strike out of the original resolution cer-
tain words and to insert others. The Senator from
Ohio proposed to amend that amendment. The
amendment to the amendment has been adopted,
and now the'question is on adopting the amend-
ment as amended.
Mr. GREEN. It takes two votes.
Mr. PUGH. You do not want the yeas and
nays on this vote
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
make himself as familiar as he ought to have
done, with the precise question. The motion of
the Senatorfrom New York wasnota resolution;
it was an amendment. The motion of the Sena-
tor from Ohio was an amendment to the amend-
ment, and that has been agreed to. The vote now
must recur upon the amendment as amended. If
it be agreed to, the question will then be on the
original proposition as amended. [" Certainly."]
Mr. COLLAMER. The original proposition
will, by the adoption of this amendment, have
been entirely dispensed with. The original prop-
osition was, that the committee be discharged.
The motion of the Senator from New York was
to strike out that proposition to discharge the
committee, and insert what he offered. Then
comes.up the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio. It is a substitute entirely for that of the
Senator from New York. If we adopt it, we
strike out altogether the proposition to excuse the
committee.
Mr. PUGH. I suggestto the Senator that the
amendment of the Senator from New York is an
addition; it is not to strike anything out.
Mr. COLLA.MER, It is to strike outall after
the word " that."
Mr, STUART. Certainly that can be settled
by letting the Secretary read what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the proposition.
The Secretary. The report of the committee
concludes, " that the Committee on the Judiciary
be discharged from the further consideration of
the memorial of the Legislature of Indiana."
Mr. Seward moved to strike out all after the
word " that," and insert 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New^York sent up his amendment as an original
proposition* The Chair laid it before the Senate
as an amendment, and supposed that was the form
in which it was before the Senate. The question,
as it appears on the record, appears to the Chair
to be upon the original resolution as amended;
and, if there be no objection, the Chair wi#put
it in that way.
Mr. KING. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that.
Mr. FITCH. I have watched this matter with
some little interest; and I think the Senator from
New York, although he offered his resolution as
an original proposition, subsequently moved it as
an amendment to the report of the committee, so
that it stands right as read by the Secretary.
Mr. SEWARD. But the Senator from Ohio
moved to amend my amendment, so that it comes
up as an amendment; but it seems to me to come
to precisely the same thing, because my amend-
ment proposes to strike out after the word "that," .
and the amendment of the Senator from Ohio,
which the Senate has adopted, does strike out all
of the original resolution after the word " that;"
and so my amendment, as it has been converted
and changed to satisfy the judgment of the Senate,
has been accepted, and it seems to me nothing
remains but for the Senate to declare thatm that
form they will accept the report of the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate,is on the resolution of the com-
mittee as amended; and on this the yeas and nays
are called for.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I desire to
vote understandingly on this proposition. In the
first place, I understand the repoit made by the
Judiciary Committee %vas before the Senate. In
the next place, the Senator from New York pro-
poses to amend it. In the third place,the Senator
