THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL' PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Comgkess, 2d Session.
FRIDAY. FEBRUARY 4, 1859.
New Series....No. .49.'
we hope that this state of things will be changed,
and -that it will improve.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman pro-
ceeds further, I wish he would explain the reason
why it is that the stock of the Illinois Central
railroad, and perhaps that of other roads, is so
much below par. It certainly cannot be on ac-
count of the expense of constructing the road, be-
cause that has been paid for by these lands. Is
it because of the bad management of the road ? or
is the business not sufficient to justify the build-
ing of such a road?
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. .The gentleajan is aware
that a great increase of business would increase
the value of their stock; but they have not as
much business as they ought to have. I have
heard of no bad management. One of our most
energetic and skillful engineers superintended the
building of that road, and the shrewdest men in
the United States were the managers and direct-
ors of it; and with the exception of mistakes
which, are incident to every great undertaking,
the road has been most economically managed;
and still, 1 understand, the stock is not at par.
Mr. M AYNAR.D. Then it must be for the
•want of busine,ss.
Mr. DAVIS, of Iowa. To some extent it is.
I had intended to say something in reference
to the doctrine of squatter sovereignty; but I
shall refrain from it for want of time. I will,
however, make a few lemarks, very general in
their character, m regard to the present condition
of our country, and I shall leave others to make
the application of these remarks. It was said of
the English Government, that to judge of the
merits of the ministry we had only to look to the
condition of the people. That is, that the rum
or prosperity of a State depended so much upon
.the adminisiration of its affairs, that to be ac-
quainted with the merits of a ministry it was ne-
cessary only to look at the condition of the peo-
ple. If they were found obedient to the laws,
prosperous in their industry, united at home, and
respected abroad, we might reasonably conclude
that their affairs were administered by men of ex-
perience, ability, and virtue. If, on the contrary,
there is found a universal spirit of distrust and
dissatisfaction, a rapid decay of trade, dissensions
in all parts of the empire, loss of respect in the
eyes of foreign nations, we may pronounce with-
out hesitation that the Government of that coun-
try is weak, distracted, and corrupt.
Now, apply this criterion to our own Govern-
ment; apply it to the adruinistiation of affairs
here; apply it to the condition of our people,and
to the sentiments they entertain towards the Gov-
ernment. Do we fintf kind sentiments generally
prevailing? do we find general prosperity of in-
dustry? are we here at home united, and abioad
are we respected? The country seems to be des-
titute of the elements of a good government
which ! have mentioned; and it is with no small
degree of mortification that I have to acknowl-
edge that such is the condition of the country. It
would seem that it is imperiously our duty, and
that it rests with great weight upon us, to endeav-
or to correct those evils. If we are to progress
in the way we have been progressing; if these
dissensions are to increase and become more in-
tense, how long can we hold up ourselves as an
.example to the nations of the earth? How long
can we recommend, by the influence they have
had upon ourselves, our own form of govern-
ment and our institutions? Will we not be in
ourselves the strongest illustration of their total
and utter failure? Would it not become us, as
statesmen, to look to our internal policy, and en-
deavor to amend and correct those abuses which
produce those disorders which are apparent to all
tiie world, and to bring about a more wholesome
state of things ?
Thegentleman whofirstopened the debate upon
the President's message m the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, laid it down as
a principle which affected progress, that weaker
and disorganized nations must be absorbed by the
stronger and organized nations; that nationalities
49
of inferior grades must surrender to those of su-
perior organization and quality; and I understood
him to advance this position with a view to urge
upon us aggression, expansion, and absorption.
The idea struck me forcibly that it would be well
first to look to our own household and set it in
order; to correct abuses and bring about a state of
things in which our industry would be prosper-
ous and successful, instead of being disas$^>us as
it has been for a few years past; and to produce a
state of prosperity which we would be proud to
hold up as an example to other nations; and, in
this view of ourselves, ask and invite them to
come in and unite with us. It seems to me to be
the part of wisdom and duty to endeavor to cor-
rect those evils and endeavor to introduce better
order and discipline, greater respect for the law,
greater unanimity among ourselves, before we
endeavor to reach out and embrace further ele-
nT&nts of discord and disunion.
I am under obligation to the members of the
committee for their patient attention to my re-
marks; and I hope those remarks will have some
influence in corrrecting the abuses and evils of
which I have spoken.
Mr. STEWART,of Maryland, obtained the
floor; but yielded it to
Mr. MAYNARD, who moved that the com-
mittee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Vallandig-
iiAM having taken the chair as Speaker pro tem-
pore, Mr. Barksdale reported that the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union had,
according to order, had the state of the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
the President's annual message, and certain res-
olutions proposing to refer the same, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. MAYNA RD, (at
thirteen minutes past ten o'clock, p. m.,) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 3,1SG9.
Prayer by Rev. G. W. Samson.
The Journal ofyeaterday was read and approved.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The PRESIDENT pio tcmpnrc signed the
enrolled bill entitled " An act (II. It. No. 820)
providing for the payment of the expenses of
investigating committees of the House of Repre-
sentatives," winch hctd heretofore received the
signature of the Speaker of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before, the
Senate reports of the Court of Claims, made in
pursuance of law, adverse to the claim of Samuel
J. Hensley; the claim of Charles V. Stuart; the
claim of Martin B. Lewis; the claim of George
McDougall; the claim of Heiman Hooker and
others, heirs and representatives of James Hooker,
deceased; the claim of Chailes St. John Chubb,
executor ofeLewis Wariin^ton, deceased; Philip
F. Voorhies, John Percival, Herman Thorn, and
Eliza Hamilton, administratrix of C. B. Hamil-
ton, deceased; the claim of David G. Baruitz,
administrator of David Gner; the claim of Samuel
P. Holbrook; and the claim of Alexander Cross.
Also, a report of the said court in favor of Thomas
Filiebrown, accompanied by a bill for the relief
of Thomas Filiebrown; which were referred to
the Committee on Claims.
KEW YORIC CANALS AND LAICE HARBORS.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, the Senators
from New York are charged by the authorities of
that State to submit to Congress a communica-
tion of high importance, concerning the duties of
New York and of the United States to each other,
and to the whole country, on the subject of the
internal navigation which constitutes the basis
equally of our domestic and foieign commerce.
In the year 1811, only twenty-two years after
the reorganization of the American Union under
the Federal Constitution, New York, by adele-
gation of two of her most honored and eminent
statesmen, appeared here and addressed Congress
on the same great subject, appealing to the na-
tional Legislature to construct, or to lend to that
State her favorand aid in constructing an artificial
channel through her borders, 6y which to con-
nect the ocean navigation with the navigation of
the great, inland seas, It is not wonderful that
the appeal* was disregarded, since even Thomas
Jefferson, who seemed almost inspired with pro-
phetic. forecast of the working of our great polit-
ical system, pronounced the project premature,
by a period of at least a hundred years. -
Less, however, than half that probationary term
has elapsed, and New York comes before Con-
gress again, to tell them that, unaided and alone,
she has executed the great enterprise; how she
has performed it, what are its national benefits,
and to invoke now only that small-measure of ac-
ceptance and adoption of it which is necessary to
a full and perfect national fruition of those benefits.
New Yoik, beginning in 1817, justafter the sec-
ond war with Great Britain, Completed, in 1825, a
navigable channel, forty feet wide and four feet
deep, from Albany, at the head of tide-water on
the Hudson, to Oswego, on the shore of Lake On-
tario, and to Buffalo, at the foot of Lake Erie.
The scale adopted, not in conformity to the great
design,'but in compliance with the exigencies of
her financial condition, proved quite inadequate;
and she had scarcely put the narrow channel into
use before she began its enlargement. Practically,
that work is also completed; and steam vessels of
two hundred and forty tons burden pass, without
need of transhipment, regularly, from the Lower
Mississippi andfrom Lake Superior to the city of
New York, the central seat of American com-
merce, through the Erie canal, four hundred miles
long, seven feet deep, and seventy feet wide, built
by that State alone, from her own unaided re-
sources, at a cost of $40,000,000.
New York, by the memorial we now present,
seeks to propitiate Congress by declaring, as,
indeed, she may with the utmost truthfulness,
that, although she is not really, in a fiscal view,
a beneficiary of the Federal Union, she has gen-
erally yielded a liberal support to the policy of
extending aid by this Government to the internal
improvements of other States. She respectfully
asks Congress to consider that her canal, although
local, constitutes, in fact, only a link in a chain
of inland national navigation, extended now six-
teen hundred miles from the Atlantic coast into
the depths of the continent; that it opens to the
genera! commerce of the United States a new
shore-line on the St. Lawrence and the lakes of
more than six thousand miles, equal to our whole
Atlantic water-line with all its indentations; that
the lake navigation is in no sense local or sec-
tional; that it has all been subjected by the Fed-
eral Government to the revenue and the admi-
ralty system of the Union, and has always been
in time of war the theater of most brilliant and
effective naval triumphs in the establishment of
our true political independence; that this inter-
nal navigation is the basis of the commercial
aggrandizement of the city of New York, which
has already poured into the national Treasury,
within the twenty years since the Erie canal was
brought into effective operation, the immense sum
of $350,000,000; and that, while that canal annu-
ally bears freights of the aggregate value of
$200,000,000, it is the basis of annual revenue to
the United States of more than forty millions;
that the region tributary to the Erie canal is con-
tinually enlarging, and it is already drawing
freights of cotton from the lower Mississippi,
while its head is augmented by every stroke of
the ax in the northwestern provinces of British
America. New York, in review of these facts,
declares that her Erie canal is a work superior, in
its national operation, to any artificial channel of
navigation ever constructed in any country m
ancient or modern times, save Qnif the grand
canal of China.
