770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
The object of the State in making this commu-
nication is to make it the foundation of an appeal
to Congress, to provide for the security and effi-
ciency of the harbors of the United States, at the
two terminations of the Erie canal on Lake Onta-
rio and Lake Erie, and of such other harbors as
are necessarily used in connection with the inland
system of navigation through the great lakes.
Finally, New York enforces this claim, by the
statement that the freights which she has trans-
• ported on her great canal, to and from regions
beyond her own borders, within the last twenty
years,exceeded twelve hundred million dollars,
and that, within the next twenty years it is mor-
ally certain that the freights to be carried through
the same channel will exceed in value double
that immense sum.
As this memorial is drawn up with such sur-
passing ability—and I think I may say of it that
it has never been exceeded in merit or interest by
any State paper which has been produced in the
Umted States—I may be pardoned for calling to
it special attention:
To Ike Senate and House of Representatives of the United
State* of •America in Congress asieinhled:
The Canal Hoard of the State of New York, by this their
memorial, respectfully lepiesent:
That they aie intrusted by the constitution and laws of
the State of New York with the management and care of
its canals so far as to presenile their plan and dimensions,
to fix their rates of toll, and to exeicise a general supervis-
ion over then means and sources of revenue. The (final
commissions s of the State constitute a portion of the board,
and superintend the construction and navigation ot the ca-
nals.
Under the direction of the board, and that of tho canal
commissioners, the Erie canal, three liundied and futy-two
miles Iniisr, connecting the Atlantic ocean, through the
Hudson nver, with Lake Etie at Buffalo, and the Ossvego
canal, thirty-eight mile- long, connecting the Esse canal at
Syracuse with Lake Ontauo at Oswego, have been en-
larged through neatly all their length, trom their original
dnneu'iouo ot forty Scot wide aud tour toot deep, to Mjvonty
feet wide aud seven feet deep. Both ot the woiks aio mnv
on the cvi: of completion, and ate expected to be luu.-hed
within tin; coming year.
Tuts Government of tho United States, m the exercise ot
its constitutional pow ei,and the discharge outs ptoper dur;,
m respect to the natural, navigable water-, ot the Union,
have erecicd m the harboi ot Buffalo, at tho termination of
the Erie canal, a piei extending several hmnhedt'eet into
Lake Erie, and also a pier in ttie iiatbor of Oswego, at the
termination of the. Oswego canal, extending sevcjal hun-
dicd Scot ioto Lake Ontario.
These works were commenced under appropriation1' by
Congiess in 18-iG and 1^27, and were continued, under fui-
thoc appropriations until lK^j.
The pier at Buffalo wa-  erected as a site for a lighthouse,
and fin the protection. so far a-> it might suffice, ot tiie na-
tional commerce at that port.
Tho latter object ha** been pnrtinlly attained, but the
erection of the pier unexpectedly gave'n new direction to
tho waters ot the lake, and caused them to wear awav the
land through whsehlho Kne canal wni excavated. and to
threaten the destruction not only of Ihe valuable ..hps and
outlets conncetmg the canal with the lake, but. of tne
mam channel ot the earu>l rtse)i.
The subject having been piesented bv the canal com-
missioners to tlie canal boaul in tho yoat 1^ 17, it ua- te-
solved that a remedy was returned without delay. and that
the exigency ot the cane would not allow tho caaal authoi-
lties to await the action ot the Government of the United
States. A plan vva< accordingly adopted by tin; can.d
board, and earned into execution bv ihe canal commis-
sioners under which a breakwater has been elected m the
waters of the lake, and about one thousand feet tioiu the
shore,two thousand two hundred leet lout, and twelve feet
high, with forty-five feet ba-e. The .-nod wlneh Inn! ae« u-
mulatcd between the breakwater and the shore, has al-o
been excavated and removed, thereby forming a basin or
port of shelter foi shipping entering the hnibor/
The cost of the breakwater and ha^m, d  -ismnted in the
canal accounts under the genetal head of "The fine Im-
Riii," now amounts to £17$,*173, and, including mtere« t, so
^•2y0,300. Tho particular detail* are accurately contain-^
in the statement of the canal auditor, herewith humshed.
A further expenditure oi about thiuy ihoti.-ami dollar- \u:i
be needed, fuliy to secure the breakwatci from the storms
of fho lake
The Governor of the State, in his annual message to the
Legislate nr lWl, brought the subject to their attention i
in the following terms :
*'The canal authorities arc now engaged in the construc-
tion of an expensive pier, at the barbo: of Buffalo, for the
safety arid accommodation of the. lake shipping entering .it
that port. The expense of the woik is estimated at^20l),t)f.0.
Ail account of this expenditure will he k"pt under the di-
rection <jf the canal board, and at a pjop.-i juncture, the
amount expended ougl t, and doubtlc^ will, lo refunded
to the State by the General Government.
The amount expended by tne United State*? in erecting
their pier at Buffalo up to tue piesont tune, nmenut- to
$258,000, and in erecting the pier at Oswego,
Both these works are now inadequate to their object, and
nccci enlargement and repair *, ami the pier at Oswego has
become so tar dilapidated that it affords little, if any, shelter
from the violence of the lake.
ft is on tftte state of facts tint the canal authorises of
• New i'ork deem u proper respectfully to petition, that the
; igowy* winch have been advanced from the canal revenues
• 6f the State m maintaining aud improving the harbor of Buf-
falo, ana which ought properly to have Been expended by
the United States for the protection of the national com-
merce, may be refunded, nnd that Congress will appropriate
a sum sufficient for ihe purpose.
They aKo pennon that thehaibors of Buffalo and Oswe-
go, the terminating points of the Erie and Oswego canals,
may be adequately enlarged, improved, and protected by the
United States.
H. R. SELDEN, Lieutenant Governor. •
S. E CHURCH, Comptroller.
GIDEON J. TUCKER, Secretary of State.
J. V VANDERPOEL, Treasurer.
LYMAN THEMA1N, attorney General,
VAN R. RfCUiMOXD, State En^. and Sid v.
SAMUEL B. RUGK3LE8. Canal ComroV.
• -CHAS. H. SHERRILL, Canal Comm'r.
Albany, December 31, 1858.
The undersigned canal commissioners deem it their of-
ficial duty, in addition to the preceding memoiml,m which
thejflhave united as members of the Canal Board, respect-
fully to petition, that all the harbors on the chain of lakes,
within the jurisdiction of the American Union, and serving
as ports of shipment for property destined for the canals of
the State of New York, may be fully improved and protect-
ed by the General Government.
In presenting tlu-s petition, your memorialists wholly dis-
claim any wi.-h or intention to ask tor the exeieise by Con
gress of any power of doubtful constitutionality, or to re-
open the discussion ofany contioverted question of national
policy or duty. They a&k only that the General Govern-
ment of the Union, (which, for the, *,ake of brevity, they will
oall the " national Government,") will exeieise the. national
authority, which it clearly possesses over the national navi-
gable water*, awl that it shall discharge only the public duty
which it is plainly bound to discharge, upon thobc pimciplets
of justice and equity which should ever subsist between the
Government of the Union and the governments of the sep-
aiate States.
It will be perceived by Congre«N, that your memorialists
do not s-eeK oi invoke (he aid of the national Government
in constiucting or aiding in the construction ot a cannl, or
laiiwav. or turnpike load, ot any other woik of improve-
ment. exclusively upon the &oii oi territory oi a State. They
are well awate, th.it the evteut of the national authonry
over woiks tit thn doeiiptum ha^ been ihe Mibject of mave
eontiovei^v in out public councils; and that, alter it had
been hbeially oxeicised. during .several !*ucees-ivo Admin-
istianons in eon^triictuig the Cumberland road tluotiyh-K
of the Urates of the Union ,and other cimilur unpiovemcnts
ot'toinoi extent, it iia^ been virtuallv abandoned.
Noi will it oeape the attention ot Coiigiev*, that winle
New Yoik has never opposed, to any notice aide extent, the
hlu'ial exeieii-u of this povv< i within het sifter Sratc«, ];er
own public woik; have received liteialiy nothing, eithei
liom tin- hbeiahiv or the }u* tice ol the Geneial Government.
In the yi at IM1, the Le<.'t.-l.ttnre of tin- State, impr«;s^ed
not oulv with the iiMimiiude, butnutioual unpotance ot the
work then in contemplation for connecting the ocean with
the lakes by a navigable canal, hpeemlly delegated two of
her (iii-a eunal eomini--loneis, Do Witt Clinton and G-ouv-
eineur Motrin, jo apply to the adrmm-aiatiou of PreMdent
Madison for aid, either m money or land. How coldly and
dHiiindtully ih.it application w.is H.ceived, their ollicnd ro-
poit on 'heir leturu, ^uiiieiently shows.
it is true that a committee of Congress, after much re-
luctance, leported a bill appropriating tour million acre*of
land m tin* then fardMr.iit and almost unpeopledTerutory
id' Indian;!, but coupled with the condition that the pro-
posed canal should be live leet deep and ^i\t>-thiee feet
wide, and (if practicable) olouy an inuhned plan^ of' >ix
inches to the mile, fiom f,ake Kite to the llud.-on nvci,
which would have rendeied it necessary to con tiuet sev-
etal embankments ol immense size, including one aeio&s
the Cavuga mai --lie-, o>ie hundred and tbutj ieet he*h.
But even 1 hn ^caittv mea-uie ot a-Mancc, butdened
wish a eondi'ton tbu^ M>veie, was final)v \\ iihlndd by Cou-
i;i.- .in(i tii.' hill was h (t to peusli  n the ilouso ot Rtp-
le^euta'u k Alt.mdoned by ihe Genet al Government, New
Yoik \\;i- left alone to rely on her own unaided and lim-
ited i'e->iniecs. 'J'he lnagtutuiio oi tlie effoit requited sev-
\ e.n.-, of delay, and -he was t ompelied at la--t to lunld
the v\ oi k on a scale so sma", and with dimensions so m-
adeijaate, that, belore the lapse of a single geneiation, it
has been tin or, n away toirive place to the pio.sont enKugod
aud moie etfiei'M-s ^tnK'tme.
Its total cost, mciutfing the lin^ to Oswego, nnd the old
abandoned canal, wdi exceed ioity million dolhns, exeiu-
fivo ot inteiot. 'coupled wall the*TIiid^o:i, of which it in
vntuallj a pioiongation, and the muic^ ot lakes foi mingthe
other and laigest link o: the chain, it opens an nnbioken
navigatum, liom tin*ocean into tlie continent, at least six-
teen hundred md<^ long.
Of this viu>f woik New Yoik has flius accomplished her
fuif po/tion, and she now feels entitled toTUk wnother the
Goveimneiu of the U nion wdl not al-^o do it > pai r, by nn-
provmir and protecting the hatbors, on the long line of nat-
uial wateis loimuig part ot tins great chain ot national
navigation .?
Thy riyht and the duty of the ITmon tbu t to Improve iN
navigable waters, your memorialists would respectfully
place on the following kioiiad-: |
1. Tin. watcr?oi the,.-c icland ^eas ate,in no respect, locnl '
waters, or -=ubj[ ct to the h',le autnont\ of any or either of j
the States adjacent, but a'e'emphatically national wateis, i
not only m extent and importance, but in legal and poln- !
ical charactei.
They ate no moie local than the Atlantic or the Pacific
is local, but constitute a broad, national, continental high-
way, foi the common use not only of tit? whole American
Union, but of the bioad expanse of Bntish America. It
surely cannot be necessary, beioie a body so intelligent as
the American Congre-s, to dilate on the geographical ex-
tent or topographical character of this great pones of med-
iterranean waters. Can it be necessary to urge, that the
navigable passage which they open, fiom the Gulf of St.
Lawrence to the westernmost extremity of Lake Superior,
bisects the eastern baif of the Noifh American continent,
and that, too, through the broadest belt of its temperate
zone ? that it extends through more than thirty of the sixty-
1 twov degrees of longitude between the Atlantic and Pacific?
tbatit overspiead thewhol£ northern boundaiy of the Amer-
ican Unior^ at the adoptton of the Constitution? that its
shore !me, tix thousand two hundred and fiitv miles m ex-
tent, is equal to our whole Atlantic water front, wuh all its
indentations ? that tins vail chain oi internal navigation, if
spiead out on the map of Europe, would stretch from the
Atlantic to the Volga, and virtually concentrate m a sm«le
channel the commerce of the largest part of Christendom?
thar while it now politically divides, it yet commercially
unites, m one homogeneous people, the two sieat offshoots
of that vigoious race now rapidly and resistlessly peopling
this New World? that its waters, now slumbering m peace
and discharging only the grateful office of bearing the com-
mingled commerce of Anglo-Saxon America to the ocean,
have also borne in war the naval forccs of the Republic, and
enabled it to win its proudest naval tuumphs? that the
dock-yards of the smallest of this unrivaled series of inland
waters have given birth to hne-of-battle-ships not mfcriot,
in size oi strength, to the victors of Trafalgar and the Nile ?
Or, it we descend to a technical analysis of the legal ehm ac-
ter of this chain of seas, do we not find the admiralty juris-
diction of the.Union penetrating every inlet and bay, iiom
the outlet of Lake Ontario, at the Thousjftid Islands, to the
furthermost-and innermost harbors of Fond du Lac and
Chicago? Nay, more: do we not find the Government of
the Union visibly and daily lining these very coasts with
national official*, granting navigating licenses and collect-
ing imposts in the name and for the benefit of the Union ?
II. These waters have been placed by fundamental com-
pact beyond tho separate authority of the Stares.
At the time of forming the present national Government,
its founders had in view three great systems of navigable
waters—the Atlantic, the Lakes, and the Mississippi, form-
ing the sides of the great triangular area constituting the
nueclus of our present continental Unjon.
The subsequent acquisitions and annexations ofthe va«t
domain between the Mis-as^ippi and the Pacific, enlnigmg
our limits from ocean to ocean, and elevating the nation to
the highest rank among the continental Power* ofthe globr,
so far trom diminishing, immeasurably increased us preex-
isting obligations in regard to our interior waters. The gi-
gantic works now projected for reaching the Pacific, will
owe their clncf value and power to the continental, mter-
oceanic connection which they will effect with the chain
of inland seas.
The transcendent importance of uniting the great basins
of the Mississippi and the Lukes in one broad and uuifoim
system, fico fiom local impost or inter ferenee, and open
alike forever to the citizens of all our States, present and
futuic, occupied the anxious attention ot our early states-
men.
Experience on the older continent had plainly shown the
fatal effects of subjecting its channels of navigation to local
authonty. The numerous seas and rivers, winch, under the
Itom-in Empire, had been united und^r a common rule, and
under its truly imperial policy, had been kept sacredly free
from tax or import, had fallen a prey, on its dismember-
ment, to innumerable petty States and local rulers, lay and
ecclesiastic, each seizing its portion and clogging the move-
ment of tlie whole European world. The batbarism which
eriMied from this disintegration ot the Empire, was mitigated
only by raiding tho robbery of the passing traveler or vcsseL
to the dignity ofa legalized toll or tribute.
The hiubors on their seas experienced a fate but little
better. Each was burdened and fettered by local import*,
niony of which yet remain thickly sprinkled over the map
of Europe, subjecting commerce to mnumeiable delays,
impositions, and exactions. Some of their rivers even be-
came the subject of political intrigue and diplomatic craft,
•tar moie insidious than open military warfare. The im-
portant river Scheldt, particularly valuable as a safe, com-
mercial outlet to the ocean, flowing through the most pop-
ulous portion of the continent, with the port of Antwerp at
its- mouth, was deliberately "occluded ,J1 or closed up. under
a barbarous provision in the ticaty of Westphalia, and,in
the fa<v of civilized Europe, was kept ki occluded " for a
century and a half.
It was under the admonition conveyed by such an ex-
ample, and while the liberal statesmen of Europe were be-
ginning to arouse pub;ic attention to the enormity of locking1
up a navigable river, that the ol-tfConfed^ratiou of our now
United States of America vvasfoimecl. The fact wa* equally
interesting and m-tructivc, that tlie closing ofthe Scheldt,
and the vexatious impositions on other streams of the Old
jj World, were particulaily prominent among the considera-
j! t ions whicti led the Congress ofthe Confederation to estab-
p lissh that rnemoiable compact, winch has forever secured
!i tlie lakes and the Mississippi fiom abuses like those winch
|J had afflicted and disgraced the waters of Europe. The or-
!: dinauce beats date July 3 3,17s7, and in its own condensed.,
i' solemn.and prophctie words, proclaims to tlie whole Amer-
ican world, pie<ent and future, born and unborn, thats; the
l( navigable waters of the Mississippi and the Sr. Lawrence,
i and the cariyrng places between the same, shall be common
i' property and forever free, a* well to the inhabitants of the
|; said country, as to the citizens of the United States, and
\t tho.-e ot any other Stan s that may be. admitted into the
' | Confederacy, u uhout any tax, dutv, or impost therefor."
I, In these tew vionls we*find the Magna Chartaof our hi-
ll tPnuil navigation. The precursor of the Constitution, its
i buoi'« was too broad to be displaced, ev<J^ by that massive
structure. A binding engacement of the Confederation, it
I was never suspended, modified, or surrendeied; but was
■ taken bodily into the veiy framework of the Union, which
! cunic into beingsuhject to its immutable obligation.
I ill. New York, like hei sister States, retains ail the sov-
! ereignty she possessed at the formation ofthe Constitution,
I except that which she then surrendered to the Union, but
I m icspect to the portion thus surrendeied, the sovereignty
i ofthe Union is paramount and supreme.
I Before the adoption of the Constitution,she possessed and
j exercised the sovereign powei of re.Tuiatrng commeice ou
[ her waters, foreign and domestic, with the consequenti'Jght
! of levying imposts.
Ilcr peculiar geographical position, imparted to this right
an almost inestimable value. She commanded not only a
safe, capacious, and ever accessible port on the ocean, but
the navigable channel cut by the Hudson through that broad
