148
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10;
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
from Ohio proposed to strike out his amendment
and insert one offered by himself. That the Senate
has done. Now the question comes tip between
the original report and the proposition adopted
on motion of the Senatorirom Ohio. The ques-
tion is, whether we will adopt this in lieu of that
part of the report of the Judiciary Committee
proposed to be stricken out? The issue is between
the report and the substitute offered by the Sen-
ator from Ohio, in lieu of the amendment offered
by the Senator from New York.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly; that is it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. We must
first have the vote of the Senate on adopting the
amendment in lieu of the report made by the Ju-
diciary Committee.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly, we all understand
that.
Mr. STUART. There can be no question that
the Chair stated this case correctly. The Senator
from New York proposed to strike out of the
committee's resolution all after the word " that,"
and insert his own. The Senator from Ohio
moved to amend by striking out all after the word
" that," and inserting his own, and the Senate
has adopted that. Now the question is on the
resolution as amended.
Mr. KENNEDY. I should be glad to hear it
read.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Suppose the
Senate now reject this amendment: are not we
then thrown back on the report originally made
by the Judiciary Committee? ["Yes."] I prefer
that, and shall vote in the negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Biglcr, Brown, Cliosnut,
Cluy, Cltiigman, Davis, Fitzpatrick,Green, Gwin, Houston,
Hunter, Iverhon, Johnson of Arkansas, Jones, Kennedy,
Lane, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Pngli, Reid, Rice, Shields,
Shddl. Smith, Stuart, Toombs, and Ward—2!).
NAYS.—Messrs. Broderiek, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
CottairKT, Doolittie, IJouglas, Fesstmden, Foot, llamhn,
Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee, King, Seward, Trumbull,
and Wilson—16.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution
is 
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Is there not another rote?
I think there is, according to the statement. The
question now is on adopting the resolution as
amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Clmir was an-
nouncing the result; and if Senators will take
their seats, the Chair will rectify an error that has
been committed in his opinion. He was announc-
ing the result in accordance with what seemed to
he tl# general understanding of the Senate; but
lie is satisfied, on a minute's reflection, that his
original impression is correct, and that the Sena-
tor from Tennessee and the Senator from Maine
were correct.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then there is another
vote to be taken ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first vote taken
wus upon an amendment to an amendment, of-
fered by the Senator from Ohio. That was agreed
to. Next properly recurred the vote on the
amendment as amended; and now comes the vote
upon the resolution as amended; for, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Tennessee, if this
• amendment had been rejected, the Senate would
have fallen back upqp a vote on the original res-
olution of the committee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Now the ques-
tion is on the adoption of the report of the Judi-
ciary Committee as amended.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that. [" Oh, no !]"
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chairwillput
the question on the resolution of the committee,
as amended. Are the yeas and nays demanded?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, Yes, sir.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 15; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Benjamin, Bigl >r, Brown, Oiiesnut,
C!a.y_, Davis, Fnzpatriek, Green, Gwin, Hous-
ton, iiui^eA Iverson, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of
Tennessee*; Joiics^ Kennedy, Lane, Mallory, Ma^on, Polk,
I'ugii, lleiJ, kiee, Slue^das, Siidell, Smith, rituart, Toombs,
iind Waid-30.
NAYS—Merifjs. Brodenck. ^.imeron, Chandler. Clark,
Collamer, Doolittie, Douglas, Fessenden, Foot, Hamlm,
Harlan, King, Seward, Trumbull, and Wilson—15.
So it was
Resolved, That the resolution of the Senate, adopted
June 12, j$58, affirming the right of Graham tf. Pitch and
Jesse D. Bright, as Senators elected from the State of Indi-
ana, the former until the 4th day of March, 1861, and tiie
latter until the 4th of March, 1863, was a final decision of
all the premises then in controversy; and conclusive, as
well upon the Legislature of Indiana, and ail persons claim-
ing under its authority, as upon the Senators named in the
resolution.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
SPEECH OF HON. MILES TAYLOR,
OF LOUISIANA,
In the House op Representatives,
February 10, 1859,
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union-
Mr. TAYLOR, of Lousiana, said:
Mr. Chairman: It is not my habit to speak on
subjects not directly before the House for its ac-
tion. But, as there is a subject of great public
importance, which will, in all likelihood, be before
it for decision during the closing days of the ses-
sion, under such circumstances that it may be
impossible for me to get an opportunity to speak
upon it, I shall avail myself of the one which now
presents itself, and will proceed to give expres-
sion to my views upon that subject at this time.
The subject to which I allude is the acquisition
of the Island of Cuba by the United States. To
that subject the public attention has been long
directed; and with every succeeding year Bince
the idea of making the acquisition first took pos-
session of the popular mind, it has continued to
grow in popular favor. The geographical po-
sition of the island is such that it seems to be
marked out by nature to become, at no distant
day, a part of the Union. It lies contiguous to
our territory, from which it is separated only by
a narrow strait, and at a great distance from the
country with which it is now politically connected
as a mere colonial dependence.
But it is not its geographical proximity alone
which indicates the propriety of its being taken
into the confederacy of American States. That
island lies within the tropics, whilst the wbole a£
our present territory ia within the temperate zone.
Its productions are almost entirely different from
ours. We grow or manufacture nearly everything
the island stands in need of; and on the other hand
we require everything with which her climate or
soil is capable of rewarding the hand of labor, for
the consumption of our own people. Under such
circumstances, it isevident to all that the interests
of the United States and,.of Cuba would be ad-
vanced in the mostextraordinary manner if the re-
lations between them were of such character that
their people could make those interchanges of
their different commodities, in obedience to the
£reat laws of trade, and without being trammeled
m their operation by those commercial restric-
tions which almost necessarily grow out of the
various conflicting interests of the different mem-
bers of the great family of nations. But this was
not so. The commercial regulations adopted by
Spain with reference to Cuba, have always and
at all times been designed to secure to the mother
country all the benefits which it was possible for
her to derive from that possession, and to exclude
all other nations, as far as practicable, from any
share in them. This system operated more harshly
and more injuriously upon the United States than
on any other country; and it is, therefore, not to
be wondered at that the advantages likely to ac-
crue to the nation from the possession of Cuba
should have been a frequent subject of speculation
among our citizens at a very early period in our
political history.
But, sir, whilst a feeling of this kind was every-
where pre valent amongst us, and our distinguished
statesmen had again and again declared that the
acquisition of the island was everyway desirable,
yet we never forgot what was due to other na-
tions, or to ourselves, under the influence of that
settled conviction; and the position which the
United States has taken and steadily maintained,
has been worthy of herself, and in perfect accord-
ance with the principles on which our Govern-
ment is based. At various periods while there
were contentions amongst the great Powers of
Europe; while there were disturbances in the re-
lations of the great States, it has been thought at
different times that there might be a change in the
situation of Cuba; that she might be transferred
by the chances of war, or by the political neces-
sities of the times, from the dominion of Spain to
that of some other Power. When anything oc-
curred which, in any degree, indicated the possi-
bility of such a result, it has always been the
habit of American statesmen to consider what
position the United States ought to occupy in the
event of the happening of such a contingency.
The'settled policy of our people is peace. Our
institutions are purely republican. They have
their foundations on the principle that it is the
right of every political community to govern it-
self; and it is inconsistent with their spirit that
we should make acquisitions of territory by force.
We cannot hold a colonial dependency. We can-
not dominate over a subject-people. We cannot
acquire and retain territory occupied by any dis-
tinct portion of the human family, any separate and
organized political community, without making
that community part and parcel of ourselves.
Whatever political societies may be from time to
time united with us in the future, so long as our
existing institutions are maintained in their pu-
rity, must be united with us as brethren. They
must be associated with us as equals. Therefore,
as it would have been entirely at war with the
principles of our Government that we should ever
propose to make permanent acquisitions of terri-
tory by force, that we should seek to have an-
other community added to that formed by our
own people against its consent, the position of the
United States was always in accordance with her
principles. She said, "we have no desire to dis-
turb the existing relations between the Island of
Cuba and the parent State. Let that relation
exist forever, if Spain and Cuba both desire it.
But," she added, " if, in the contentions of the
world, a contingency should arise which might
lead to the severance of that island from the
mother country, then the United States owe it to
themselves to declare to the world that they will
not permit it to pass under the dominion of any
other Power." And why was this declaration
made? Was it made in the lust of territorial ac-
quisition ? No, sir. It was made in the interest
of Spain, and to deter those Eoropean States
whicn coveted her remaining possessions in this
hemisphere from taking them, at any time, with
the strong hand. And this attitude, which was
just to the world, just to Spain, and just to our-
selves, we have maintained from the time it was
first taken to the present day. Nor do I under-
stand that there is any intention of abandoning it
now.
It is true, Mr. Chairman, that the President has,
in his late annual message, suggested to Congress
the propriety of attempting, at this time, to pro-
cure a cession of Cuba from Spain to the United
States. Is this suggestion indicative of a desire
on his part to abandon that attitude ? to adopt a
new line of policy towards Spain, conceived in a
different spirit? I cannot believe it. Such an
attempt would not be in itself inconsistent with
the future maintenance of the position we have
hitherto occupied with respect to the acquisition,
of Cuba by any other Power, or with the exist-
ence of the most friendly feelings on the part of
the United States towards the Spanish nation.^
Indeed, to my appreheusion, a proposal made
with a view to procure its voluntary transfer to
the United States by Spam for a full equivalent,
would imply, on our part, a strong desire to main-
tain those relations of amity and kindness which
have so long existed between the two countries,
and to place them beyond the chances of any fu-
ture rupture.
It is known to all that various events have trans-
pired in the Island of Cuba, or in its waters,
within the last few years, which have occasion-
ally given rise to a good deal of irritation in the
two countries; and which, at times, even seemed
calculated to disturb the good understanding be-
tween them. Now, sir, the President's attention
has been necessarily directed to these causes of
national disquietude, and it is to a desire of obvi-
ating them in the future that the recommendation
