1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
771
chain of mountains, which in the othermore southern States
is inexo.ablv interposed between the Atlantic and thelakes.
In addition' to th s transcendant advantage, the peculiar
topography of tins lakes had, placed their waters on a level,
so high above the ude, that the depressed surface of New
York, north of the Alleghany ridge, would permit them to
flow into her temtory and descend b> giavitation to the
ocean. Two of the lakes, the most southern of the gtoup,
were on her immediate border and subject to her sovereign
authority. It was .evident to all, that by the fortunate con-
figuration ofthe&e lands and waters, New York alone held
the key to the commerce and navigation of the interior; and
never, in human history, was a case presented, appealing
moip powerfully to State cupidity or State ambition. But
the patriots of that early day had higher and nobler aims.
Holding in their gra&p the ocean and the lakes, and well
aware that a navigable canal of adequate capacity would
unite them forever in a channel which must command, for
centuries to come, the trade of the largest portion of the
continent, requiting only an impost of the most moderate
amount to enrich the State beyond all human example, her
statesmen dehbeiately and cheerfully yielded up the whole
to the good of the Union, and tiausfened to its Treasury the
rich and evei-mcreasing stream of tribute, which she might
have herself enjoyed.
The dime* alreadv levied at the port of New York since
the adoption of the Constitution, and poured by hei into the
national cofiers, amount to $848,000,000,having attained
the large sum ol $4-2,OU!),OuO in a single >ear.
When u i& consuleied what ceaseless and ever-swelling
streams she is destined to add, duung future generations, lo
thi& enormous tnbute, while she heiself remains &mppcd
ot eveiy means of revenue except direct taxation and the
fiscal receipt-*, li any, from her public works—liuits of her
own unaided enreipiise—who will say that she is not en-
titled.to the justice, it not the liberality, of the Government
ot the Union ?
IV. Nor was the surrender of the right to levy imposts
the only concession made by New York in coming into the
Union.
In addition to the pecuniary sacrifice, counted as we see
by hundreds of million*, she parted vvuh a fai moie precious
possesion—the soveieign right to regulate the coinmeico
of the wide-spiead navigable waters then within hergiasp,
and subject to her political power.
A heady she has beeu taught, m two signal instances, by
the supreme authority ol the Union, how little, if any, of
her preexisting sovereignty over these wateis now remains.
The patriotic and well-intended attempts of her Legisla-
ture to reward the genius and perseverance of Robert Pul-
ton in introducing steam on her noble river, by granting lum
the exclusive right, for a short term of years, to use his in-
vention on ih<; vei> theatei of his success, were rebuked
and restrained by the Supreme Court ot the United Stales,
as repugnant to the Constitution, and inconsistent with the
national supremacy over the national, navigable wateis.
Noi has she been permitted even to regulate without in-
terruption the tiansit by land ovei her territory, wheie it
threatened to mtieiich, to any material extent, on the na-
tional authorit) over the Hudson. Do we not all know
that the erection of abridge at Albany, one hundred aftd
sixty miles above the ocean, although expressly authonzed
by her Legtslatuie as necessary to the commerce and con-
venience ot her ciuzen-s, and the due expedition ot tiavel
■over her raihvavs, has been summarily lestiamed by the
judicial power ot the United States ? Need anything moie
be stated to show, how scanty must be the remnant of sov
ereignty yet retained bj the State over the navigable wateis
within her limits, and how inevitable is the conclusion,
that the Government of the United States ha  succeeded to
the soveieign right which si. e has thus suirendeied?
V. The exercise of this right m a just and liberal spirit
by the Government of the Union, by adequately improving
all its navigable waters, and espeeiall) by constructing and
maintaining the work^ necessary to protect the commerce
of the lakes, is the only adequate equivalent which can be
rendered to New Yoik for her sacrifices and concessions,
but, if fairly exercised, will repay them fully and amply.
Placed as she is, at the outlet of the lakes, now lendered
cheaply ana speedily accessible frtim every part of the vast
intenor, by the immense net-work of lailwajsspread over
its surface—and probably destined to a jet more magnifi-
cent development by the projected lines to the 1'acihc—
New York is directly benefited by eveiy impiovpment
which can be iriadc m any poition of the Union, to expedite
or cheapen the transit of persons or propeity. She will
rejoice in any successful effort which may be made by the
national Government to improve the condition even of the
remotest portion ot the Republic, however distant, desolate,
or forbidding; but she must nevertheless be allowed to
claim, that something is also due to its moie central por-
tion—tliat the populous region aiound the chain ot lakes,
as the abode of many millions of inhabitants, is at least
equally entitled to the paternal care of the Union ; and
that the shipwrecks, and burnings agd losses of property
and life on those wide-spread waters, are calamities not
less afflicting than the inroads of savage tribes on our dis-
tant frontiers. She cannot believe, that after the arduous
efloits she has made by hei co-tly and capacious canals, to
improve the value of the western lakes, and the vast cir-
cumjacent national domain, she will be expected, at her
own expense, to construct the works needed for the safety
of their commerce, especially when it lti shown that undei
existing compacts she can never levy duties to reimburse
the cost. Stul less will she believe that the Government
of the Union would, m any event, peimit her or any other
sepm ate State to fetter, by tax or impost, that magnificent
series of waters which now stands before the civilized
world altogether unparalleled in geogiaphica! extent,polit-
ical unity, and commercial freedom.
VI. The canals of New York, though constructed and
owned by a separate State, are national m capacity, and
fully adequate to any nece&bity of the national commerco.
Constructed for the convenience not only of the State, but
of the rapidly-increasing communities around the lakes,
they will be able to carry to the ocean all that the intenoi
can produce for at least a generation yet to come, if not a
much longer period.
The natural and necessary distribution of the national in-
dustry, with agriculture in the interior and commerce and
manufactures on the sea boaid, will alwajfe cause the de-
scending cargoes largely to exceed in weight the ascending,
so that the capacity of the canal from the lakes to the ocean
needs only to be ascertained in respect to the descending
cargoes.
The locks, seventy-four in all, with six hundred and fifty-
one feet lift, are eighteen feet "by one hundred and ten, and
might have been larger with the present channel. They will
admit the passage ot vessels carrying from twohundredand
twenty to two hundred aW t'oity tons, exclusive of their
own weight.
Three hundred vessels daily (or one hundred and fifty
each way) may easily pass the locks during the season of
navigation, which affords at least two hundred days in the
year freefiom obstruction.
At this rate, which is rather below than above the truth,
six million tons of descending cargoes can pa&s in the year.
The time will doubtless come when even this large amount
wili be leached; but, m that event, the locks may readily
be eulaiged <u a moderate cost, and without increasing the
channel, and thereby swell the capacity of the work to at
least ton millions of descending tons for the year.
The average value of the descending cargoes now carried
is Unity-five dollars to the ton, which would show a value
for the ten million tons, of $350,000,000, Considering our
past piogres«, it is theiefore evidently possible that, in the
efliux ot time and th^ever-incieasmg development of oui
intenor agriculture, even this enormous weight may present
itself to our successor for tiansportation on the canal. In
that event, they can but tuin, wi.h pious gratitude, to the
immense, God-given reseivoir of Lake Erie, clo^e at hand
and evei ready to render up its waters many volume which
human necessity may require. The silver thiead, now di-
verted by the canal, takes but one three-hundredth part of
the great meditenanean stream, so abruptly changing its
level at Niagara, rendeung it quite improbable that any fu-
ture diversion ot us waters for the use of man, will veiy
seiiously or peiceptibly impair the eflect of its natuial pcr-
foimances. .
The total value of the cargoes on the Erie and Oswego
canals, during the year 1856, was $10(3,897,1)43, of which
$104,11)8,493 consisted of pioperty coming from or carried
to the States west of New Yoik.
The yearly amount eoutiibuted to the canals by these
States. has been lapidly inciea-ung, though with some fluc-
tuation*, duiiug the last twenty yeais, having been but
,•*13,026,893 m 1838, and attaining ;$ 136.398,381 m 1833. The
tout I amount they thus Hunched in the twentyycars,com-
mencing with 183S, ha- been $1,21:2,986,370, a sum exceed-
ing, by neaily five hundted million dollars, the whole as-
sessed value, in 1850, o: all the piopeuj ,rea) and personal,
of the mx States nuiih ot the Ohio. We hardly need to
speculate vuv deeply on the possible pi ogie^s of this com-
meice m the future ; but, taking into view its past growth,
the rapid influx of immigrants into our spacious and fertile
territoiv, and iIip irrept e~<-sible energies of oui own vigoious
population, we may reasonably piedict that the amount for
the next twenty j ears will surpass thatof the twenty years
just expired, in a steadily mcieasmg ratio, so that it will
rather exceed than fall siioit of.§2.300,000,000,if, indeed,it
do not uanscend even that immense amount.
Mud) will doubtless depend on the vigilance and tyicrgy
of the officer charged with the care ol the Ene canal, m
keeping its navigation in perfect order; but with the m-
ei eased expedition, power, and efficiency which steam must
soon impart to the vessels on its ample volume, we may
ventuie to piedict that it will peimanentiymaintain its po-
sition and ascendancy, a-, the vital, commercial aiteryof
the continent Its present performances, as a lood bearing
channel to ihe sea boaid, far outstiip those of the laigest
fleets, which earned the corn of Sicily and Egypt and A'-ia
to imperial Koine in the zenith of its power. The weight
of the commodities j early floated on u« surface, surpasses
that which is borne bv the Baltic, and is steadilj appicach-
ing that of the Mediterranean.
Nor are its labois employed alone in the carryingof food.
Immense masses of the products of the foiests of Michigan
and Canada are also home oil its waters; and what is well
woithy the attention of the American Consre-p, cargoes of
cotton ai£ now makingtheirappearaneeon the canal,com- j
ing fiom the lower Mississippi and passing downward i
through the lakes.
We lay these facts, truly national in their character and
Mgnificance, before the Legislature of the Union, and ask
whethei such a channel is not justly and fanly entitled,
without fuither delay, to safe, capaciou-, and accessible
haibors at ilie points wheie the duty of New York ceases,
and that ot the Union begins? If the time has not j^et
come, when will it arnve? When will the Union be more
able to do the dutvf When will it be more wifyng?
VII. In the same spirit of' fidelity to the Union which
New Yoik has ever manifested, she h.is wholly abstained
from taking or seeking any unfair advantage ot her sister
States, cither by di-scunnnutme tolls or otherwise, on the
vast masses of pioperty belonging to them, and earned on
her canals.
Nay more-—she has reduced her tolls to a "point so low
that they do not pay the interest on the cost of her canals,
and hardly the interest on the debt incuired in their con-
stiuetion. Nor is this all. She has not only incorpoiated
and consolidated large and powerful railway companies,
extending from the ocean to ihe lakes, and lying imme-
diately adjacent to her canals; but she has giatuitou&lvand
freely permitted them to compete for the transponation of
product4? and commodities ot every description, whether
belonging to herself or her sister States. In a word, New
| Yoik throughout all her history, and amid all her efforts,
i which at tune*? have been not a little aiduous, has felt that
the providential and piedestmed arrangement of the land
and wateis of the continent had pointed, 5s with the finger
of Heaven, to her terntoiy as the chosen seat and center
of American commeiee, imposing upon her public men the
corresponding duty of recognizing her high deatmy. and
guiding their official action by no petty, mean, or narrow
motive. |
VIII. In conclusion, vour memorialists oamestly con- i
tend, that if New York,'either by the Heady perseverance {
with which she has prusecuted her public works, oi the 1
eminent success which has finally crowned her efforts, has
in any degree attracted the attention or won th* icspect ot
the nations of the earth, she has but increased We moral
strength and elevated the public character of the Union of
which she is an ever loyal member.
It would be but a low view of her canals to measure them
only by the pecuniary results. Doubtless it was well to con-
struct a work multiplying ten-fold, hy its magic touch, the
preexisting money value of the Hudson and the lakes; and
it was al o well to conquer space, and place an otherwise
inaccessible interior empire by the side of the ocean, there-
by adding countless millions to its commercial power, and
consequent pecuniary wealth ; but it was better far to rear
a structure to stand for all coming time, a mark, a type, an
ever-enduring record of the forecast and fortitude, power
and wisdom, of the generation which called it into being.
The Erie canal forms part of the history, not only of the
State, hut of the American Union and American civiliza-
tion. Whether considered merely as a mechanical struc-
ture and labor-saving eugine of commerce, or in its higher
and nobler functioning a political organ, binding together
the mighty members©Four continental Union, it may safely
challenge comparison with any artificial channel of naviga-
tion on the face of the globe, certainly with, any within the
Clu isuan world It contains more water, and floats more
vessels, than any canal in Europe. Of the five thousand
five hundred and sixty-eight vessels entered on its register,
one thousand one hundred and forty-six are larger than the
ship in which Columbus discovered America. Europe may
possess two or thtee, possibly four, short canals of greater
depth : but they have little length, and no continental rela-
tions or importance.
The Caledonian canal, uniting a few small lakes, and
cutting off" a ragged little promontory, forming the northern
end of Scotland, has hardly sufficient commerce or revenue
to pay its yearly repairs.
The shtp-canal of Holland, at the Helder, is less than
fi$y miles long, and is only a local appendage to the port of
Amsterdam.
Wc must seek for the compeers of the Brie cnnal where
only ihe> can exist, among the great continental canals of
the world, connecting sea with sea, ocean with ocean, or
gieai river svstems with each other.
The canal of Languedoe. (now the Canal du Midi,') off-
spiing of Colbeit's wise and vigorous statesmanship, and
crowning glory of the reign of' Louis XIV., unites the trib-
utaries ol the Atlantic and the Mediterranean, but is only
one hundred and ttmly miles long, and has but half the
commeice or revenue of the Erie canal.
The canal ot Ladoga, mam tiunkof the magnificent sys-
tem of interior navigation provided for the Russian empire
by the genius of Teter the Great, connecting'the Baltic with
the immense and fertile valley of the Volga—the Mississippi
of eastern Euiope—and beaitng to his splendid capital the
products of his vast continental possessions, altVough it
approaches, does not suipass the Erie canal, either in vol-
ume, commerce* or revenue.
The noble jiver Rhine, the pride of the German world,
(lowing for moie than five hundied miles through the do-
minions of seven sovereign Powers, zealously and sedu-
lously maintaining and improving its navigation, affoids a
safe, navigable channel for the products ot nearly twenty
millions of people ; but the weight and value of their car-
goes fail short of tnose carried by the Eiie caual nearly two
thuds. In tiutii, to find a fitting parallel, we are diiven to
the furthest extremity of the eastern continent—even into
Chtn.i, jti«t opening to Amei lean inspection. fc5ix centuries
ago, the giandson ot the so called barbarian,Genghis Khan,
constructed oi enlarged the Grand Imperial canal, sixteen
hunih ed miles long, uniting the basins ot'iwo vast streams,
the Blue and \ ellow rivers, coming down to the ocean, like
our own St. Lawience and Missouri, from the inmost re-
cesses of a continent. Who will venture to asceitain or
describe the enormous effects of that majestic work, truly
impeiial as well in fact as m name, in developing and ad-
vancing the marvelous civilization of that thickly-teeming
world? The portion of the empire denominated by geog-
rapher, the u Flam of China," which most signally felt
its influence, contains but two hundred and ten thousand
square mile-j, little more than the area between the Ohio
and the lakes, but nevertheless supports a population stated
to be one hundted and seventy-seven mrihon.
It m'ght not become the public officers of a single State
rashly to deal with figures and amounts like these •, but they
will venture to hope that statesmen are to be found in our
national councils, able and willing to look with careful
vision over ttie past, and cleaily scan the future; tosurvey
the compatative anatomy of nations ; to predict the changes
in the political equilibrium of comments; who will surely
feel the impoitance of u lact like this, and extract m full
measure its largest instiuetion. in tiuth, the Congress of
the United States lias already commenced the process. The
abstiact of the American census, propaied by their author-
ity, boldly lifts the vail and discloses the stupendous fact,
smnding out sh.up and unmistakable, that the American
Union, at the close ol only thiity-one tears, will number
sevetuy-nine million, and at the end of only sixty-one
\eats, one hundred and sixty one million. Wheie, then,
shall wc find our own great, continental chain and channel
of commerce ' The earlier civilization of the Chinese Em-
pire has given the Giand Impeiial canal six hundted years
the stnrt; but is not the American now born who will live
to see our great, interior, navigable waters, Crowded by an
immense population of unequaJed activity-and vigor, piess-
m<r hard, if not victorious in the iace ?
The authors of "The Federalist," in summing up the
national possessions which the Union, as such, would dis-
tinctively enjoy, enumeiate the ocean fisheues, the Missis-
sippi, and the lakes.
These, say they, are "rights of the Union," as contra-
distinguished from the rights of any or either of the Smies.
Can the spirit of that Union be so abject as to grasp the
right, and shtmk from the appropiiale and corresponding
duty ? Will not every member ot the American Congress
claim, on the contrary, the light to perform the duty as his
highest privilege, his most endunng gloiy? The field of ac-
tion now lies bioad before him. He holds in his hands the
Constitution of the United States, and the vast navigable
waters of the United States, felicitously and harit.oniou^ly
