150
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
Cuba. If Cuba should become a portion of the
United States, those engaged in that culture would
necessarily be deprived at once, and forever, of
that advantage; for the barriers opposed by our
revenue laws to the free importation of sugar from
that island, would be removed, and the same free
trade which now exists between the several States
of the Union would be established between Cuba
and ourselves. And, yet, sir, I am in favor of
this policy of acquisition.
I do not believe that there is within the limits
of this nation a constituency more patriotic, more
disinterested, or more willing to submit to all of
those personal sacrifices which a portion of the
people are sometimes required to make for the
good of the whole, than that which I have now
the honor to represent on this floor. But, sir,
while this is true, while I have the most pro-
found conviction that my constituents would not
hesitate, though it might prove injurious to them-
selves, to give their full consent to the acquisition
of Cuba if the good of the whole Union de-
manded it at their hands, I must still confess
that I should not presume to take such a step, to
make such a sacrifice in their behalf as would be
necessarily involved in the advocacy and support
of any measure which I believed would be inju-
rious to them, until I had first submitted the ques-
tion to them for their consideration, and had been
authorized to do so by their positive instructions,
given with that very view. After this expression
of what I consider to be the duty of the Repre-
sentative to his constituents, is it necessary for
me to say that I am settled in the belief that Lou-
isiana will constitute no exception to the rest of
the United States, so far as it relates to the ben-
efits to be derived from the proposed acquisition ?
No, sir; instead of being an injury to Louis-
iana, the acquisition of Cuba will be a permanent
benefit to all her citizens, and to none more than
to those whose fortunes are now embarked in the
sugar culture. It is true, sir, that the first effect
of that acquisition might be to depress the price
of their grunt staple; but if that were so, how long
would the depression continue ? Why, sir, not-
withstanding the extravagant expectations of
many of those who look forward with hope to
such a result, under the operation of the known
lawsof trade,adopressionof price from this cause
would not continue during a single crop. And
then, I would a.sk what would be the subsequent
effects of the proposed measure when once earned
into successful operation?
The only really great and insurmountable ad-
vantage which Cuba now possesses over Louis-
iana, in the prosecution of the sugar culture,
grows out of the unlimited supply of cheaper
labor which she has hitherto derived, and still
continues to derive, from the illicit prosecution
of the African slave trade, and from that other
open and legalized traffic in the yellow races of
Asia which has been established and carried on
in our day, by other nations, under the auspices
and example of philanthropic England. Deprived
of that advantage, wc of Louisiana can success-
fully compete with her in the markets of the
world for the supply of sugar. Annex Cuba to
the United States, Mr. Chairman, and this illicit
and secret trade and that legal and open traffic
will both be at an end, so far as Cuoa is con-
cerned; and m a short, very short, time, the cos't
of production in the two countries will lie equal-
ized. If annexation £ives to Cuba a better market
for her sugar, by erSbling her to sell it to the con-
sumers among our people free of any duty, it. will
at the same time, deprive her of the advantages
which she has hitherto enjoyed over us in the
shape of cheaper labor and cheaper land; so that
the relative positions of Cuba ami Louisiana, with
respect to the profits to be dcnved from the pro-
duction of that commodity, will not be materially
disturbed for any considerable length of time.
These considerations, I think, make it clear
that the present interest of the Louisiana sugar
planters would not suffer very materially from
the immediate effect of the annexation of Cuba.
But it is not to the present alone, that we are to
look. The statesman should cast his eyes also
• owards the future when he is determining upon
his course with regaid to a measure which must,
iitun us very nature, produce effects that are to
be felt through a long series of years. It would
be easy for me to show, Mr. Chairman, from
acknowledged, and indisputable facts, that the
future interests of the class to which I have re-
ferred, would be advanced in the highest degree,
and placed upon the most solid foundation, fey
the adoption of the very measure, which many,
who have not fully considered the subject, have
thought was full of menace and danger to them.
But, sir, I forbear; because it is no part of my
present object to prosecute such a discussion.
My only desire at this time is to promote, as far
as it is in my power to do so, by word or deed,
the success of the great measure to which the at-
tention of the House will soon be directed in the
ordinary prosecution of its business; and I will
therefore now return to the consideration of the
provisions of the bill to which I have already re-
ferred, and which it is my intention to offer at
the proper time, as a substitute for the bill before
the House from the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs.
The bill which I design offering as a substitute
for that of the committee, is in the following
words:
A bill to provide for the acquisition of the Island of Cuba by
negotiation, and for its being incorporated into the Union
in the eveni of us being so acquit ed.
lie it cnactcd by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
the President be, and he is hereby, authorized and em-
powered, when m lua judgment it is advisable so to do,
to open negotiation*? for the cession of the Island of Cuba
from Spam to the United States ; and that he be, and he is
hereby, further authorized and empowered to bind the Uni-
ted States for the payment to Spain of a sum, nut to exceed
$120,000,000, as a consideration for such cession, when the
same shall have been made and completed by a treaty signed
by the properly accredited and duly authorized agents of the
two Governments, and ratified by Spain.
Sko. -2. Jlnd be it further cnacted, That upon the ratifica-
tion by Spain of a treaty for the cession oi the said Maud
of Cuba from Spain to the United States, made and com
pleted as aforesaid, the President be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized and empowered, immediately thereafter, to cause
bonds of the United States to be issued for the payment of
said sum of $120,000,000, or so much thereof as may be re-
quired, and to deliver the same to the properly acciedited
and dulv authorized agent of Spain ; which said bonds shall
be divided into not Icsj than six installment*, and be payable
in nor moie than thirty years, and shall hear an interest not
to exceed live per centum per annum, payable half yearly
at the Tieasury Department of the United States.
Sr:e. 3. And be it further cnacted, Thar the said Island of
Cuba, it the same is at any time ceded to the United States,
may be erected into a new State, to be called the State of
Cuba, with a republican form of government, to be adopted
by the people of the said island, by their delegates, duly
elected by the suffrages of the white males, ovei the age of
twenty-one years, resident m the i&hmdand citizens thereof,
m convention assembled, with the consent of Congress, and
that the said new State, so erected as aforesaid, shall be
admitted into the Union, by virtue of this act, with four
Representatives until ihe next apportionment of represent-
ation, on an equal footing with the existing States.
Upon an examination of this bill, it will be
found that if it should be enacted into a law, it
will constitute, in point of fact, a formal, distinct,
and complete proposition made by the sovereign
authority of the United States to Spain, for the
cession of the Island of Cuba to the United States,
upon terms which it is deemed would be advanta-
geous to both countries.
The first section of the bill would fix the sum
which the United States arc willing to give to
Spain as a consideration, and authorizes the Presi-
dent to bind the Government for its payment when
Spain agrees to make the cession.
The second section provides for the issuing of
the bonds of the United States for the amount to
be paid to Spain, as a consideration for the ces-
sion , and for their delivery over to Spain as soon
as she has actually ceded the island to the United
States.
And, finally, the third section authorizes the
erection of the island into a State, in the event of
its being ceded to the United States, with a Re-
publican constitution, to be adopted by the white
male citizens of the island, over the age of twenty-
one years, and declares that, the State, when so
erected, shall be admitted into the Union without
any further action of Congress, upon a footing of
equality with the existing States.
If it be our design to make any attempt for the
acquisition of Cuba, it seems to me eminently
proper for us to begin by the passage of such a
bill as the one I intend to submit to the House.
Such an act would be right in itself, because by its
adoption the people of the United States, through
tlieir representatives in both branches of Congress,
would determine beforehand upon the considera-
tion they were willing to give for the cession of
the territory they proposed to acquire, and would
leave nothing to be done to gitfe effect to the ces-
sion, when once agreed to by Spain on the terms
proposed in the act, which was in any degree de-
pendent on the discretion of any executive officer,
or on the subsequent action of Congress.
But, Mr. Chairman, I will go further than this.
I believe that the passage of the proposed bill
would be followed, at no distant day, by the re-
linquishment of Cuba to the United States. I
know, sir, that it is believed by many to be in-
opportune, at this time, to make any proposition
on this subject to Spain. I will not pretend to
say what would have been my judgment, if I had
been called upon to determine whether the sub-
ject should be agitated now. But the subject has
been agitated. It has been brought to the notice
of the American Congress; and, if wc refuse to
act, it will be a declaration to the world that we do
not desire to acquire the island.
But, sir, I do not consider the time unpropi-
tious for the attainment of the object in view, if
we proceed in the right direction and in the proper
spirit. Nations, like natural persons, are under
the dominion of their interests. And whilst there
is, at all times, a sort of indefinable aversion to
the alienation of ancient possessions, it is never-
theless true that political communities, as well as
individuals, rarely hesitate to part with them,
when it is to their interest to do so. In modern
times, there have been many instances of such
cessions of territory, and the history of Spain, it-
self, presents two of the same kind within the last
century.
It is well known to us all that Cuba has long
since ceased to be a valuable possession to Spain.
To retain the island under her dominion, she is
compelled to maintain a large military force there,
and to keep a fleet constantly in its waters. The
various expenses entailed upon her by these ne-
cessities, it is probable, exceed the revenues
which she is able to derive from the island; so
that the continuance of her authority over it may
be a burden to her finances instead of an advant-
age.
But, in addition to this, from the very nature of
things, her possession of the island must, for the
future, be holden by a very precarious tenure. In
the event of any great political convulsion in Eu-
rope, it would, in all probability, be lost to her. If
a general war should break out there, it is scarcely
conceivable how she would be able to retain it.
Does not the present position of affairs in Europe
denote a rapidly approaching crisis ? Is not the
public mind upon the continent full of apprehen-
sion, perhaps alarm, at the idea of an impending
war? Well, sir, if this apprehension should
prove to be well founded, what would be the po-
sition of Spam ? Will not France and England
be on opposite sides in the event of such a war?
And would not Spain, then, be allied with France,
both from necessity and choice ? If this were the
case—as it most surely would be—then tell me,
would Spain be able to protect the island? No,
sir. It would be at the mercy of that haughty
Power which has so long arrogated to herself the
dominion of the seas, and which now possesses
the mightiest navy the world has ever seen.
When I look to the present value of the island
to Spain, and to the various contingencies of a
rapidly approaching future, it seems to me that it
would be the part of prudence m Spain to cede it to
the United States for a fair consideration. Owing
to the geographical position of Cuba, no country
would derive as great advantages from its pos-
session as the United States; and for that very
reason we can afford to give a far higher consider-
ation for it than any other Power. Under such
circumstances, I can sec no possible impropriety
in our making known to Spam our strong desire
to make this acquisition, and telling her, as an
inducement to her to gratify that desire, what
consideration we are willing to give her for the
island, and what privileges we design to confer on
its people if she should consent to transfer the
island into our possession.
Such a proceeding on our part, when viewed in
its proper light, can give no just cause of ©ffense
to Spam. The proposition which it involves, if
made at all, will be made in a friendly spirit.
