1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Taylor.
Ho. of Reps.
We believe that the agreement, or contract, or
treaty, whichever you'please to call it—for a treaty
is nothing more nor less than a contract or agree-
ment between nations—that we desire to make
with Spain in relation to the cession of Cuba,
would be advantageous to both countries. It will
be made on that presumption from one sovereign
to another. If the inducements held out by us to
Spain are sufficient, she will assent to our pro-
posal and cede the island to us; but if, on the
other hand, she sees fit to decline it, she most
certainly will be at liberty to do so without giv-
ing any ground of complaint to the United States.
Ourprevious conduct to Spain has made itman-
ifest to her and to the world that we have no wish
to acquire Cuba without her consent. The Pres-
ident has so declared in his message bringing the
subject to our notice. And this fact would be ne-
cessarily implied in the very making of a proposi-
tion by which we formally ask her to cede the
island to us, and offer to pay her an immense sum
of money as an inducement to do so. And how,
then, I would ask, is it possible that the making
of such a proposition, on our part, should be mis-
construed by Spain at this time ? I cannot believe
it, sir. I am persuaded that the making .of the
proposition which I have suggested can give rise
to no misconstruction. But whether I am right
in this or not, of one thing I feci perfectly certain:
if we desire to obtain Cuba by negotiation, we
must act now. And, sir, if we do act, as we pro-
pose, I, for one, shall entertain some hope of a
favorable result, notwithstanding the excited ex-
pression to which the subject gave rise, very re-
cently, in the Spanish Cortes, when the probabil-
ity of some offer being made with reference to it
became a subject of discussion among its mem-
bers.
When a specific arrangement is once proposed
which will be manifestly advantageous to the party
to whom it is made, I see no reason to despair of
its being acceded to. And now let me ask, what
would bo the necessary consequence of our making
the proposition I have spoken of to Spain, in the
form of a public legislative act? Would it have
the effect merely to excite to declamatory dis-
plays on the part of frothy politicians and aspiring
patriots? No, sir. It would attract and receive
the attention, the earnest attention, of the whole
Spanish people. And what would be the effect it
would be likely to produce on the public mind,
when it came to be fully understood in all its bear-
ings ? Can any one doubt that it would be favor-
able, and be likely to lead, sooner or later, to such
a change in the position of the " gem of the An-
tilles," that, from being a mere colonial append-
age to a distant Power, it would become a new
sister in our republican household, and add still
another star to that glurious blazonry which glit-
ters m our political firmament?
Now, Mr. Chairman, let us turn our eyes to
Spain, and see how she would be likely to be
affected by the proposition I have spoken of.
I have already said that Cuba was not a source
of revenue to Spain, and that it had become, and
promised to continue, a burden on her finances.
It is also well known to all, that its possession
adds nothing whatever to her military strength,
but, on the contrary, diminishes it to a very great
extent, by compelling the employment of a con-
siderable portion of her army and navy at a great
distance from her shores, for its preservation and
defense. As Spain is situated, it seems quite cer-
tain, then, that she derives no advantages from
the possession of the island for the masses of
her people, but such as may result to them from
the trade which they carry on with it.
Now, it so happens that such advantages are
precisely those which do notalwaysdcpend on the
political union of countries. There may be por-
tions of her people, it is true, who now enjoy pecu-
liar advantages from the operation of various com-
mercial restrictions imposed on the intercourse of
Cuba with other countries, for their benefit, of
which they would be deprived by its transfer to
the United States. But, if this were the case, it by
no means follows that the transfer of the island
to us would be injuiious commercially to Spain.
The experience of the past has shown, again and
again, that the commercial intercourse with col-
onise after their separation from the mother coun-
try is almost always more beneficial to the mother
country than it had been before, because of their
being freed from the trammels thrown around
them in their colonial condition. This was emi-
nently so in the case of the United States after
their separation from Great Britain. And we are
familiar with the fact, that the conviction on that
point has become so strong in England that the
policy of breaking the bonds which now unite her
with the Canadas has of late found strong advo-
cates among her most eminent statesmen.
These various considerations, Mr. Chairman,
constrain me to believe that Spain, in transferring
Cuba to the United States, would lose nothing
by the transfer which it is either very desirable
or very important for her to preserve by retaining
it. But how would it be with what we should
propose to give her in exchange for it, if this bill
should pass ? Would she not gain something of
the highest, the very highe'st, importance to her
if she were to accept our proposition ? Why, sir,
Spain is one of the very finest countries in Europe.
She has a fruitful soil, and a delicious climate;
her coasts abound in harbors, and her mountains
in minerals; her population is numerous, frugal,
and industrious. And yet she has lagged behind,
in our day, in the race of improvement among the
nations.
And why is this? Why, sir, Spain is a coun-
try of elevated plains and sharp mountain ridges.
She has no great navigable rivers, opening easy
channels of communication from her coasts to the
interior. She has no facilities for making canals.
What she needs are railroads to traverse her
plains, to penetrate into the recesses of her mount-
ains, so that her people may be awakened to life
and progress in their sequestered abodes, and
started in the career of improvement, by new de-
mands upon them for the fruits of their industry,
and new opportunities presented to them for sup-
plying their wants. To have these roads she
must have money. And this proposition, if ac-
cepted, would give her the money she requires.
If Spain were to receive the sum.<iftcntioncd in
my bill, in exchange for Cuba, what would she
not be able to accomplish with it, if it were pru-
dently administered? Why, sir, its possession
would enable her to make all those public works
which are now necessary for the development of
her groat resources; and the acceptance of this
very proposition might lead to a revival of the old
glories of the Castilian name; to the restoration
of Spain to her ancient rank among the foremost
nations of the world. And can it be believed, Mr.
Chairman, for a moment, that all this, and more,
would not present itself to the minds of intelligent
and patriotic Spaniards, if such a proposition
were made, and make them urgent for its accept-
ance ?
And how would it be with respect to Cuba?
Would not its transfer to the United States, on
the terms proposed, be followed by an immediate
and extraordinary rise in the value of property
there ? And would not every person interested m
that property have a direct pecuniary interest in
bringing about the transfer : But this is not all.
Such a proposition as that I speak of, which
makes ample provision for the security of their
existing rights of property and secures their im*
mediate admission into the Union, would be re-
garded with favor by the entire population of the
island. If it were acceded to, and they were placed
under the protection of the " stars and stripes,"
they would no longer be the inhabitants of a de-
pendent colony, ruled over by officials from abroad
—mere subjects, shut out from all participation m
the public concerns affecting their own interests;
men whose only duty it was to yield a silent
obcdicnco, to bow in patient submission to the
behests of those set over them by others.. They
would become an independent and free people.
They would constitute a sovereign State, placed j
upon a footing of the most perfect equality with
the other sovereign States of this great Confed-
eracy. From beingsubjects, bound to obey, they
would be elevated at once into citizens, vested with
all the rights of self-government. They would be
at liberty to engage in all of those pursuits which
lead to distinction among men. Public life would
be open to them. They could take part in the
management of their local affairs* fill the places
created for the transaction of their local business.
They would be eligible to seats in their State Le-
gislature; and seats upon this floor,and in the Hall
at the other end of the Capitol, would be open to
them. In a word, sir, in place of being excluded,
from all public stations of honor or trust, the high
offices in all the departments of the Government
of a great nation would be placed within 'their
reach, and might become the proper objects of an
honorable ambition to all.
The plan submitted by the committees of the
Senate and House for consideration will not an-
swer. To proceed on that plan, in my judgment,
would be entirely useless, if we contemplate a
peaceful acquisition of Cuba. If it should be
adopted, it gives no assurance to the people of,
the island as to the future. Their rights of prop-
erty and their position under the authority of the
United States would bo left subject to all the haz-
ards of subsequent congressional action. This
circumstance alone would, in itself, constitute a
very serious obstable to the success of any nego-
tiation, by filling the minds of" the people to be
affected by the transfer with apprehensions on
these subjects, and arraying them in opposition
to it. Neither would it place anything before the
people of Spain of such a character as to make
them certain that we were willing to give them a
full equivalent for the island; or which would be
calculated to break down the natural aversion
which all nations entertain with regard to aliena-
tions of territory, by creating an opposite desire
for some great and clearly appreciable advantage
which would result from such an alienation.
The bills from the two committees woul*d do
very well, beyond all doubt, if the only object
were to display an extraordinary amount of confi-
dence in the Executive. They would do very well
if they were merely intended to make political
capital, or to get up a cry to be rung out in our
party contests. But, I repeat it,, Mr. Chairman,
congressional action of the kind which they pro-
pose, would not, in my view,be likely to lead to
the attainment of the object aimed at with any
certainty. If it is oui object to make a serious
attempt to acquire Cuba by negotiation, we must
proceed in the way 1 propose. It is the only one,
I fully believe, which, as statesmen, we ought to
adopt, whether we look to the success of the pro-
jected negotiation, or to the peace and quiet of
our own country aftgr its success.
I do not moan to say that we shall succeed, if
ifre pass the bill I propose. I only say that, in
my judgment, it would offer a reasonable pros-
pect of success if we should pass it. But let us
suppose, for a moment, that wc do pass it, and
that the proposition which it embodies is made to
Spain, and rejected: well, what then5 Why, sir,
the act will stand upon our statute-book a per-
petual monument to the world of the spirit in
which ulone the American people desire to make
acquisitions of territory. Much has been said in
monarchical Europe of the aggressive policy of
the United States. Their subsidized presses rail
about it to operate upon the uninformed masses,
and excite a prejudice against the Americans name
and against republican institutions. But there is
no foundation for the reproach. It is disproved
by the history of all our past territorial acquisi-
tions.
How was it in the case of Louisiana? Why,
sir, wo held a vast region of country lying on the
upper Mississippi and all its eastern tributaries.
The lower portion of that river /lowed through
a country belonging to another Power. We
claimed a right to the free navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river under the law of nations; but that
right was denied us, to the great injury of our
people. We had the power to vindicate our right,
and wrest the territory through which it flowed
from its unjust possessor. But did we do so?
No, sir. We acquired it by tieuty for a valuable
consideration. When it passed into the hands
of France, and that Power found that it could not
retain it because of the maritime ascendency of
England, she was disposed to part with it, end
we bought it from her for its full value to her at
that day.
And again, sir, with respect to Florida. The
possession of that country was important 10 us
n nation-. Whilst it was held by Spain it
