780
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
suddenly the case assumes a serious and start-
ling aspect, and stiikes dismay and teirorinto the
ranks of the conspirators. Orders had been left
at the court at New Orleans, that immediately
on the receipt of the depositions of La Vega and
Castenado thete, that copies should be sent, to
Galveston. There can be no doubt, however, that
the parties claiming under the power of attorney
and represented there, knew very well what the
importofthese depositions would be. Is it,indeed,
to oe supposed that they, with a property worth
$300*000 at stake, which depended on this very
muniment of title, should have neglected wholly,
and for so long a time, to examine the archives at
Saltillo, and inquire what was of recprd there ?
The storm had burst, and the conspirators, in
dismay, are compelled to face the loud denunci-
ations of their guilt. Now they have to meet the
brunt of the battle. The day of discovery and
retribution has come; and collecting together, ser-
rying their ranks, and summoning ali their re-
sources, they piepaie desperately to lesist the
«. judgment that has overtaken them.
Now it is that Judge Watrous is observed to
call to his aid all of his confederates. Now it is
that the whole cm;>,s dramatique is sufnmoned on
the stage for the grand catastrophe. Now it is
that the judge calls upon his confederates to
stand by him, and to redeem the prices of his favor
to them by the most unscrupulous of means, and
most despeiate ot services.
Thus u is observed that (he first step of the
startled plotters is to gather around the judge, and
attempt to protect the great head and front of the
conspiracy. It is obsetved that in attempting the
desperate defense they hesitate at nothing. Ins
observed that in seeking to cover the judge they
expose themselves to new discoveries of guilt,
nnd sink deeper into the nure of falsehood and
fraud.
Jt will be instructive to note the parts which
the dilli-rent confederates of Judge Watrous take,
and the length to which they go m seeking to es-
tablish a delense for him. To commence with
League, one of the closest of his confederates:
when examined m theeouiso of the Watrous in-
vestigation, he strives to make it appear that
when the copies of the depositions taken at Mex-
ico weic leceived at Galveston, he had lepeated
conversations with Robert Hughes m lelation
theieto; but that Judge W.ttrous discouraged or
forbade any convocations with himself on the
subject. I will heie lead some of the passages
hom the testimony to this eifeci:
'• Question, (by the chairman ) Von spoke ofhnvimr te-
eoivoii a copy ol a depu-mon i'lom the ckuk at New Or
Jean-.. You received Unit in Galveston?
lv 2)isim\ Ye<, nr. it was t>eut to Jmlge llu^he*, not
)li<
'• Question. W":i-> Judge llu^hcu m Gidvolon at that lime ?
( ^htiucv. I tiiink lie \va-.
iv (iJCithm Whiti run" w.wtliat?
. I mn CI 11 mil I ii.u I! tie. II ei I hi monl'i oj .'lp\ </, 1 .V>1.
l- ucst.ui• "S on ,ui' ei-iiaiu thai thai eoiumiiiueauon
w ai t-eiu to Jinl'ie ;
lk .'iuw <r. I flunk u. v\ <i*.
i" Whom did \ou consult .is to the piopurty of
goiiiLr to Me.vn-o lor (ionzaleh ?
'•  'ln<i>xci. With Juilac Iht-.he^. I nii'iht have mentioned
it lo J thlije V>\muu-; t think I did Uu culled ; hut nhen-
i" < i' 1 uitcmi'lid Ii) 'n-t inadklii'i lo htm, he jumld u'jily,
to Ju<J%c Un ties ; I hm c n jtiunu, t<> do wifh if "
A copy ol* the depo-itioii;- taken in Mcaico u n1- t'cnt to
J Ud'i'' il llyili Jluif'i< \ will fj) m<' tm media!r/i/, (ind
ri'ml it over. oi u was in HjmiiMi ; but he made it
out '' * * v * * *
•• Question. J Jul \ou lake /V->m. JihUe Ilwjhes any eony
<i' the depo-iuuii's taken in Mexico, impeaching tile powet
oi'anni ney }
•* t'r. I took the Mibt-rnnco, but  oj .ui exact <. opy.
u Quadou. Von noied down on p.ipni liie nib-tance r'
" limiM . Ye^, I noted it down, and submitted u to my
Alabama n lemN.
OuciUon. Old you note that fiom the depCMtion> before
you*
" vhinrcr. Jwlze ILi'thcs KGfci? it.
Qinsti;*. Judge fiuijl!<■*- put upon papor the subhtancc
of the te>tuiioi)v taken hi Mexico ?
'• vi/isicer. Yes; auu I timik that X added t-a it somc-
tbuja:
" Q.{tc5/io«. How much space did the statement occupy
upon ?
•'v-y/ijucr. I cannot recollect;. Not a cieat deal.
'• QurftiuiL. Did >ou take that paper to Alabama?
'• ^insiccr. I did.5'
Now, it appears, in relation to the testimony
of Hughes himself, that at the time of the alleged
conversation .itGalveston, referred to by League,
he (Hughes) was absent from his home at Ga(ve-to7i;
that these two gentlemen could, never have com-
pared notes as alleged at the time of receiving
the depositions; and that the first time that
Hughes had ever seen the depositions was in Au- •
gust, three months after League alleged to have 1
been m conference with him on the subject of the
power of attorney. Mere is the testimony of
Hughes, establishing these conclusions beyond a
doubt:
" Question. When wns Hale employed in the case of
Lapslcv vs Spencci ■
'• shisner. 1 df) nut KnO'V, cortaiiiiy; I was absent from
home. u.hen information i> as vecPiced <>f the taking of the
deposition of 'Tomas de la Vega, in Mexico; when I re-
turned F was informed of what had occurred. The depo-
sition was shown to wic, and I was informed that Mr. Hale
had been employed to assist m the case. Jt was a short
time after it had been taken—two or three months—that I
received information of it." *****
" (lur'.fion When did you first see the deposition of
Tomas de la Vega ?
"Answer. I saw if at the time I spoke of, when I re-
turned home some tune lu-t summer, and when, aa I paid
bi'lbie, Mr. Ilalt; was employed as a-sit-tant coun>el ; that
was the Jirtf time I saw it; that wa^ a week or ten dajb be-
fore the election on the first Monday m August."
Mr. League has unquestionably committed him-
self in that part of his statement which 1 have
quoted. It seemed to be a strange and impossi-
[i ble hallucination that he should mistake confer-
ences, which he undoubtedly had with Judge
Watrous, on the subject of these depositions, and
of the best means to defeat them, as having taken
place with Robert Hughes, unless he regarded
them as Siamese-twins.
The most glaring1 contradictions appear in this j
man's (League's) testimony as'iaken from day to
day before the cominittce, exposing his desire not i
so much to develop the truth as to shield Judge j
Wairous, the great head and director of the con- i
j spiracy. I
j 1 n further contradiction of the statement he had j
j made of conferences held exclusively with Hughes, I
■ it appears not only that Hughes could not have !
been a party to such conferences, but that League !
did actually converse and consult at the time !
named, peisonally, ruily, and intimately, with I
Jmlie Watrous himself, on the subject of the dep-
uMiiciis taken jn Mexico. The f(tct is drawn out
of him, mi nn>xaminnhon some days subsequent
to that nn whH) ho denied having conferred with
th" judgi* on the subject, that he, the judge, ad-
vised that he should tro and consult the Alabama
parties relative thereto.
With respect to this advice, I may make a
single su'.r2est{on. There is but one course that
is probable that honest men would have adopted,
in an aliened discovery, such as was communi-
cated to Judge YVattous ami his Confederates in
the depoMuons taken at Saitilh). Supposing that j
these parties had no previous knowledge of the \
fact of the foi-gery of tins power of attorney: |
would they not nntur.illy and immediately have j
sought the ctrehives for information and evidence, j
wheie the original mu>t he, if any such existed? j
Tins would have, shown an honesty of purpose. J
It, is now to he seen what course they do adopt,
other than that which was natmal for innocent
men to take; and 1 beg the especial attention of
honorable ijenutois to tins point, that they may
d'-teinime whether the couise of the parties evi-
dence! or not an honest desire to anive a.t the
truth. League goe^ to see the Alabama gentle-
men at the suirg''stion ofJud e Wafrons. He
.^ees Lapsley at ^elina; tells him of the discovery
nude m the depositions taken at Sakilio; and the
eons-'quence is, that Lapsiey gives him $2,500 to
liable
to go to Mexico and " procure" tes-
timony to sustain the alleged power of attorney.
Now, it is evidence that Lapsiey,who professes
to be very careful in his negotiations, had exacted
from League a warranty of title against the par-
ticular risk of the validity of this power. League
was reputed to be worth some severity-five orone
handled thousand dollars; and his warranty was
the only security the parties had by which to save
themselves, lie goes to Lapsiey, and tells him,
lu substance, " news has reached us that I am
liable to you on the warranty." What does Laps-
ley say r Does he say: " 1 entered into the trans-
action beh<-\ing that eveiythmg was bona fide. I
will 1iuve nothing more to do with it, and must
look to your warranty ? " No such thing. He
says: k< ( release you from your warranty." He
gives up and renounces the only chance which he
and the parties he was fo represent had to save
themselves; but not only this, he gave to League
§2,500 to pay his mileage to Mexico i
One other circumstance, too> is suggestive, in I
relation to this warranty against the power of at-
torney, the link in the title from La Vega.
In Mr. Lapslcy's testimony, it appears that it
had been greatly urged by Judge Watrous, fit the
time of the conveyance; that League had hesitated
to sign the warranty, and that Judge Watrous
had encouraged and pressed him to do it, saying:
" You can sign it with perfect safety, Mr. League,
becauso-1 am satisfied myself that the title is
good." Yet the warranty, when so urged, and
about which so much anxiety was then mani-
fested, is found to be released at the very time that
the validity of the link of title for which it was
given is called in question! and without which,
jLapsley said, the bargain would fall through.
I will observe here, that in all that I have stated
of the circumstances surrounding the alleged
power of attorney from La Vega to Williams, to
sell the land in controversy, I have not designed
making any attempt to prove this document a
forgery. That, I think, is indubitable. But my
object has been to show the part taken by Judge
Watrous and his agents to foist a forgery upon
the poor settlers they were seeking to defraud.
To accomplish this object, I now proceed to a con-
tinuation of the narrative, resuming at the point
where League returns to Galveston, having been
furnished by the. Alabama parties with means to
prosecute their designs in Mexico*
From the printed testimony in the Watrous
case, it appears that tin* judge was fully ac-
quainted by League with the communications and
results of his interview with the Alabama associ-
ates. It was the judge who suggested the em-
ployment of the services of William G. Hale in
the emergency. They are accordingly secured;
and no sooner so, than Hale calls to his aid John
Tieanor, to undertake the most unscrupulous and
desperate scheme for the fabrication of evidence
in Mexico, to suit their purposes. Here, it
may be observed, are again introduced upon the
stage the two parties who were united as prin-
cipal and agent in the Cavazos case, to direct the
suit by-their affidavits and their collusive man-
agement, in which it appeals that, by the judge
lending himself to the scheme, they had been suc-
cessful. Treanor, the man branded as one " with-
out character or standing," is prepared for atrip
to Mexico, to procure on the best terms such tes-
timony as he can, to sustain the power of attor-
ney; he is joined by League, and Francis J.
Parker, a clerk of Jutlge Watrous's court.
It will be profitable to review the antecedents and
relations of this man Parker, as it will be found
that he iiguies in seveial important matters of
fraud and chicanery, conducted through Judge
Watrous's court, it will be recollected that ref-
eienco was made to an order entered in Judge
Watrous's court for the exclusion, from the reg-
ular panel of jutois, of the citizens of four coun-
ties lying on the Rio Grande. From the mar-
shal's returns in the comptroller's office, it ap-
pears that this order was strictly carried out, until
January, 1856, when it is discovered that it was
violated in returning Mr. Francis J. Parker as one
of the regular panel, at Galveston, and that he was
the only citizen from the Rio Grande summoned
in the face of the otder, and with regard to whom
the marshal had depaited from the rule of the
court.
Now, why was Mr. Parker " selected r" Why
was he selected {{two or three times?" An answer
may be suggested by slightly reviewing the rela-
tions of this man to Judge Watrous, who was
deeply interested, at least, in important questions
pending in his court.
Parker was, in the first place, the deputy clerk
of the United .States court at iirownsville, over
which Judge Watrous presided. He had also
been appointed by the jm%e United Stat >s com-
missioner for Brownsville; and is now an itinera-
ting commissioner on his mission to procure tes-
timony in Mexico for the establishment of the
forged power of attorney. It will be recollected
that F. J. Parker was selected for jury service in
this court. Edwin Shearer, also a deputy clerk,
had been placed on the jury in the Uiloid and
Dykes case.
The progress of this man Parker, in acts of ser-
vice for Judge Watrous, is next traced in his par-
ticipation m the attempt made for the judge to
prove up the forged power of attorney in the
Lapsiey cases. He appears to have been the se-
lected custodian of this precious document, and
