782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
acting under the obligations of a trust, and who
are well acquainted with the value of the land, for
a few cents an acre 1 I ask, do not all these cir-
cumstances combine to show that there was a
known and acknowledged defect in the title?
They irresistibly point to the fact that Williams
knew that there was no power of attorney from
La Vega to perfect the title. They incomesiably
prove that it was a corrupt and speculative sale
of a defective title. Let me place this question
before honorable Senators.
^ Suppose that the action of the trustees, Menard
and Williams, or her other agents making this sale
and conveyance, had been called into question by
Mrs. St. John, (for whose benefit the sale waa
made;) suppose she had come into court, and had
said that the sale was not fair, and moved to set
it aside: is there any court of equity in the land
that would have refused the application? No.
The inequality between the value of the land and
the amount of the purchase money is too egre-
fious to be overlooked. It is the very sijrn and
adge of fraud to the transaction. It proves, be-
yond the shadow of a doubt, the knowledge of
the parties of the defects of the title, and the ex-
istence of a corrupt conspiracy to supply this all-
important link, and without which it was wholly
worthless, a3 subsequent events have shown, by
a forged document, and by using Judge Wat-
roua's court to sustain such forged muniment of
title.
And, in this connection, it will be borne in
mind that Judge Watrous not alone received one
fourth part of the purchased land, at the trifling
consideration named, but also, on a credit of five
years,and to this day, afteralapse of eight years,
has not paid, or bet-n required to pay, or e cent.
Moreover,there is another most importantcir-
cumstance. I have stated that the grant in the
Hancock and Metunney case, and the La Vega
grant, were identical. The position of Samuel
M. Williams was the same in both grants. lie
had sold the Santiagodel Valle grant, (which was
involved in the Hancock and lUcKinney case,)
as the agent of Santiago del Valle, in the same
manner as he had sold the La Vega grfht as the
agent of La Vega. Judge Watrous was also in-
terested in the Santiago del Valle grant to the ex-
tent of some four or live thousand acies of land.
He, the judge, was represented by Robert Hughes,
who argued the case befoie the supreme court of
Texas. Now, it appears that, in the Hancock and
McKinney case, as m the Lapsloy cases, there
was no power of attorney from Santiago del Valle
to Williams.
In the case of Hancock in. McKinney, "it was
admitted that Williams had authority to act for
Del Valle." This is reported from the case— 7
Texas Reports. An opportunity to explain this
singular admission was afforded Iiu^hes, the
counsel of Judge Watrous, on his examination
as a witness before the House committee. But
what docs he say ?
" Question. the power of attorney from Santiago
del Valle, uuihoi iziug Wilhanii to sell, in the IJuiieoek and
MetCmney case5
c- Jinsiver. i do not know. It is a long time since I saw
that record."
Now, is it to be supposed that this active coun-
sel in the case where his client and patron, Judge
Watrous, was interested to the amount of lout or
five thousand acies of the most valuable land (sit-
uated immediately opposite to the seat of Gov-
ernment) would have failed to recollect the exist-
ence of tins all-important link in the chain of title.
Thus, as in the case of IjlTord and Dykes, so
in the case of Hancock vs. McKmney, it is man-
aged to obtain the admission, and to avoid all
question as to the authority of Williams to sell *he
land.
So it appears, that of the parties, Judge Wat-
rous and his counsel, Robeit Ilughes, at least,
went into the La Vega land speculation, their at-
tention directed, especially directed, to the power
of attorney from La Vega to Williams, which
they had to look to as the principal link of title.
The investigation touching the official conduct
of Judge Watrous, which was had m the Thirty-
Fourth Congress, was made in the most deliber-
ate, pains-takmg, and thorough manner. Dis-
tinct votes were taken at different stages of the
proceedings. Nearly the whole available time of
the session was devoted to the examination of the
records offered in support of the charges, which
records in fact composed the entire evidence in
the cases.
With respect to the charges assigned by Spen-
cer, the committee found a verdict, against the
judge, and proclaimed that" he had given just
cause of alarm to the citizens of Texas, for the
safety of private rights and property, and of their
public domain, and had debarred them from the
rights of an impartial trial in the Federal courts of
their own district.''
This judgment was followed up, and its con-
clusions enforced by a moiety of the present Ju-
diciary Committee, in whose elaborate and con-
clusive report the following finding of the facts is
included:
"That while holding the office of district judge of the
United Slates, he engaged with other pci&ons in speculating
in immense tracts oi' land situated within his judicial dis-
trict, the titles to which he knew were m dispute, and where
litigation was inevitable.
(* That lie allowed Ins court to be used as an agent to aid
himself and partners in speculation in land, arid to secme
an advantage over other persons with whom litigation was
apprehended. That he sat as judge on the tn.it of cases
where ho was personally inteiested in questions, involved,
to which may be added a participation in the improper pro-
cmement of*testimony to advance his own and partner's
intel er>ts."
Into the merits of the legal question, with re-
spect to the appeal sought to be taken by Mus-
sina in the Cayazos case, 1 do not propose to in-
quire. It is indispensable, however, to insure a
clear understanding of the case, and to complete
its history, to notice the matter, and to read here
the judgment pronounced on this branch of the
Watrous case by the following honorable gentle-
men,composing a moiety of the House Judiciary
Committee before alluded to: Messrs. Henry
Chapman, of Pennsylvania; Charles Bjllixg-
uurst, of Wisconsin; Miles Taylor, of Louis-
iana, and George S. Houston, of Alabama:
And, finally, they are prevented fiotn having the dens
ion against them reviewed m the appellate com thy the tail
lire ot tin; judge to perlorm his full duty to them in lacihtat
ing the tweieiM* of the light ot apnea!, given to them by
law, Horn motives of public policy, lbi their own private
advantage."
It appears Mussina applied to fho Supreme
Court for a rule for a mandamus against Judge
Watrous, who had, as he conceived, refused or
defeated his application for an appeal, which was
within the time prescribed by the law. To this
Judge. Watrous answered, and sustained his an-
swer by the testimony of Cleveland, Parker, Jones,
Love, and son. It is revealed in the testimony
that William G. Hale was here iu Washington,
on the spot. Mi. Love, the cleik of Judge Wat-
rous, says:
" Mr. If ale sent fiom Washington cifv a copy of Mr. Mus-
sina's athd'ivit before the Sutneme Court of the United
Stales." u I got four or five affidavits and inclosed them to
Judge Watrous All of u^ [i. e. Cleveland, Paikcr, Juries,
his w?/, iind hnnsclf, all cM-atures of the court,] agreed in
making the affidavits on our own iceollection."
It is unnecessary to review the testimony of
these witnesses before the House .committee. A
mere inspection of it will present the contradic-
tions with which it abounds, and will show the
changes and shifting of the witnesses,accordingas
their recollections are refreshed from time to time
by Judge Watrous. ] t would appear that on this
testimony, and the statement of judge Watious,
the rule for a mandamus was denied. In a further
part of the testimony taken in the Watrous in-
vestigation it is shown that the Supreme Court
would not permit the truth of a judire's return in
a cose of this nature to be questioned; " that by
the practice of the Supreme Court it did not allow
a question of fact to be raised on the return of any
of the judges on a rule nisi for a mandamus, but
took the judge's return as absolutely true in rela-
tion to the facts." 1 ask honorable Senators to
pause here. I beg them to consider to what this
question of appeal from Judge Watrous's court
has reduced itself. I ask, has Judge Watrous
proved himself the mnnot truth and honor, that
his word should not be permitted to be (Questioned?
Is he the man whose statement should not be
gainsayed ? Is he the man to be continued in a
position where his statements are to govern and
override all contradiction ? Is he the man to re-
main on the bench ?
It has been shown now what steps were taken
by Judge Watrous and his court officers to bulHo,
and finally defeat, the appeal of Mussina.
This was the right of appeal, a right so abso-
lutely recognized as essential to the interests of
justice, and so important with reference to public
policy, denied the petitioner. Such, indeed, was
a fitting conclusion to the series of acts of collu-
sion, tyranny, and oppression which had signal-
ized the action of the judge in the celebrated
Cavazos case.
As to the final act of collusion on the part of
Judge Watrous and his confederates in prevent-
ing Mussina's appeal, the judgment of the com-
mittee in the Thirty-Fourth Congress is so strong
and clear that if I could afford the time I might
comment at length upon the deliberate and atro-
cious circumstances that mark this last act in the
Cavazos case.
But even apart from this, there appear addi-
tional reasons why an appeal was not, taken in
the Cavazos case, even if it had been possible;
or why attempt was not made at an earlier day,
despite of the machinations to prevent it. There
weie reasons to esteem the record as partial, col-
lusive and false; and a party might well hesitate
to risk his case upon such a record. He might
well fear the effect of a made-up record; and one
made up, too, as the testimony would show, under
the eye of William G. Hale, the chief actor in the
scenes we have described.
But I conceive a special and particular reason
to prevent a party frgm risking his rights on such
a record as that in the Cavazos case. 1 allude
here to one of the most open and barefaceJ acts
of collusion possible to be imagined, havingbeen
countenanced by the judge, and put falsely upon
the record, so as to operate to the particular preju-
dice and detriment of Mussina. This circum-
stance alone will furnish an ample explanation of
Mr. Mussina'sunuch accused delay in taking an
appeal.
It appears that by collusion, and in defiance of
law and justice, Robert H. Hord was called by the
complainants, and made a witness for them, on
the trial of the Cavazos case. Thereupon, hav-
ing been sworn on his voir dire to testify as to
his interest, the solicitor of Jacob Mussina, one
of the defendants, put the following questions to
him:
" Have you, or have you not, any understanding or
agreement with the complainants, or either of them, or
then agetH oi solicitors, in relation to the determination of
this cause, or ot any of the matter's involved therein, ad-
verse to any interest or right claimed by Jacob Mussina in
any piopcrtv oi rights involved in tins suit? Are you, or
not, nucleated in any such understanding or agreement ?"
This question Mr. Hord refused to answer,
and,thereupon,the courtdecided "that the ques-
tion need not be answered."
As to this ruling of the court, the committee of
the Thirty-Fourth Congress say unanimously:
"The court permitted Robert I-I. Hord, counsel for de-
fendants, and witness covertly interested, to testify at the
heating of said cau-e. and sustained his 'retusai to answer
the following piopor and legal question, intended to show
that ho had a collusive interest adverse to Jacob Mussina."
And a moiety of the committee of the present
Congress sustain this view by the following dec-
laration of judgment:
4* The refusal of the judge to compel the witness (Hord)
to answer the questions propounded to him by Mussina's
counsel, and then peimittwg the witness to testify to a
fact material to the i^sue, and m opposition to Mussina's
interest, was, we think, in violation of law."
The' action of the judge, m the instance spoken of,
seems to be subversive of all recognized principle, and to
admit of no excuse."
The testimony of Hord, which the court ad-
mitted, was of great importance. It went to the
main question of the genuineness of the title of
complainants. His testimony was important, as
against Mussina, and others of the defendants;
and it further appears that with Mussina he had
held the most confidential relations, having been
his agent and attorney.
It appears further, from the testimony before
the committee, that long before Mr. Hord was
thus examined as a witness, he had made a col-
lusive agreement with the man Treanor, who was
. acting as the agent of the complainant, Cavazos,
and who now called him as a witness. It is
i shown m the testimony that Hord held an instru-
; ment of writing, purporting to be a sale, or con-
! tract of sale, to himself and partner, of the town
tract of Brownsville, which was the principal sub-
| ject- matter of the suit, which was signed by John
; Treanoi, as agent for Cavazos and wife; and the
i suit was continued, and Hord offered as a wit-
* ness, simply to carry out this fraudulent arrange-
, ment.
! This revelation is not only important, as go-
