1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
788
ing to show the collusive interests of the witness
HorcUJjut it throws further light upon the
wretched system of fraud to which Treanor, this
useful agent and witness of Judge Watrous, was
a party.
It would seem to be an excess of oppression
thus through collusive management to use a party
as a witness against his client and friend, and to
deny him the privilege of examining such witness
as to that collusion. But the record is falsified
etill further to take advantage of this testimony;
and Mussinais to be bound hand and footso as to
preclude all possibility of his contestinghis rights
upon afairand honest record. Not satisfied with
foisting upon the case the testimony of Hord as a
witness of the complainant, the k< statement of
proceedings'5 which is signed by Love, the clerk
of the court, makes it to appear that this testimony
of Hord had been offered by Mussina and other
of the defendants. Love, in his testimony before
the committee, in answer to the "question by
whom was the original statement of proceedings
made?" says:
" I do not know certainly; but I believe the original was
presented to the clerk of the couit by Mr. Hall, tor him to
verify by the indorsements.,on the papers filed."
Thus is falsehood added to falsehood; thus is
the truth of the record prostituted to collusive de-
signs; and at last, by its falsification, is Mussina
left without anything on which to hang even a
hope for the recovery of his rights.
Indeed, every circumstance about the record was
calculated to inspire suspicion of its integrity.
The translations of some of the most important
documents in the case had been made by Hale;
and although he was not swofn, he was allowed
to withdraw the original documents from the file;
the translations which he substituted were admit-
ted by the court; and thus again was the record
of the case governed by this colluding and un-
scrupulous attorney, who holds an absolute con-
veyance for the larger portion of the property.
No wonder that Mussina was unwilling to trust
to the integrity of the record thus made up under
the eye and direction of his adversary. Nor does
he appear to have been timorous without reason.
Sir, it appears by the testimony before the late
investigating committee that, in a suit which he
instituted m New Orleans against the parties who
had colluded in Judge Watrous's court, to de-
spoil him of his rights, a false record was sent
up from Judge Watrous's court; false, too, in
the most important and vital particular. In the
examination of the record, it was found that an
affidavit had been falsified by striking from the
very middle of it an important portion of the
evidence. Against men who dared thus to do an
open jfet of infamous crime Mussina had to con-
tend from first to last. Other and glaring evi-
dences of collusion are to be seen in this state of
proceedings, and indeed throughout the record as
sent up to the Supreme Court.
It appears that the judge's partnership specu-
lations were of the most various kinds. He not
only was interested in the fraudulent certificate
business; he not only engaged in speculations
with a company of professional dealers in real
estate; but he had other partnerships by which
to sustain his fortunes. He taxed his ingenuity
in contracting partnerships of every description.
The testimony shows that he even obtained
partners in the ownership he claimed of a patent
for curing beef, and of an extensive beef-curing
establishment.
But it is found that he went into another part-
nership of much more questionable honesty than
the beef-curing speculation. He became con-
nected with Dr. Cameron in a silver mine of Mex-
ico. This partner was a principal litigant in his
court, and had heavy suits pending therein to
large tracts of land under Mexican grants; of
course, it became the judge's interest that his part-
ner should harvest his means; and to the extent
of his interest, he necessarily vacated his office.
I must here advert briefly to another gigantic
speculation with which Judge Watrous is shown
to have been connected. 1 refer to what is known
as Peters colony; which was a'contract of col-
onization of more than ten thousand square miles
of land m Texas. William G. Hale, in his coi-
respondence with Judge Watrous, from which I
have already read, makes allusions to the progress
of negotiations on the subject. In his letter, dated
March 14, 1847, to Judge Watrous, he remarks,
" we have had a long interview with Mr. Hedge-
coxe, (the agent of Peters colony grant,) and are
arranging matters."
It further appears, that the Hon. Caleb Cush-
ing was employed as the attorney for this asso-
ciation, which is known to have numbered among
its members men of the highest station and most
powerful influence in the land; and that when
elevated to the high office of Attorney General of
the United States, he gave an extra-judicial opin-
ion in favor of the claim of the company, which
will be found in the published Opinions of the
Attorneys General.
It was this former attorney for the association,
with which Judge Watrous was connected, who
! was called to his aid, when pressed by the inves-
i tigation before the committee of the House, and
i who actcd as his counsel and defender through-
j out that emergency. I mention this only to illus-
| trate the ramifications and varieties of the influ-
| ences brought to sustain Judge Watrous when-
ever occasion required, and the extent of which
baffles imagination, and leaves us at a loss what
to conjecture.
I will here bring to the notice of this honorable
body a letter addressed by one of the managers
of Peters colony grant to Judge Watrous, after
his elevation to theoench:
Louisville, Kentucky, January 15, 1847.
De vr Sir : 1 am ju^t in receipt of four letter of the 20d
ultimo, and upon presenting tf to the trustees of the com-
pany who manage its aflairs, they instructed me to say to
> on tfiat the transfer of their cause by you to Messrs. John-
son and Hale meet their entue approbation. Kelvin? upon
their knowledge of your own ability to select for them, they
have addiesseri a noie to Messrs. J. and II., bum*lr should
not reach them, please do us the favoi to say to them Unit
their selection is satisfactory, and that we hope thev will
investigate the matter thoroughly for trial. Our agent in the
giant, upon whom the proce^ will bo seived, n Mr. Henry
O. JIed?c-coxe, McGai rail's post office, Texas—the county
I do not know, a^ the grant has been divided within a year
into three counties. If they require any lnfoimation from
ih, we shall promptly give it to them. 1 am pleaded to
learn that j ou have received and accepted the appointment
or* judge of tin1 Federal court of Texas. I do you but justice
wlun I h.i\ that I behi-vp, from the reputation you have
anion? tho^e whom I know to be competent to decide, that
>ou deserved the appointment: and I am aUo satisfied that
if our case should come before you, that we shall have both
law and justice rendered us, so far as it is dependent on your
decision.
Please accept my best thanks for your attention and com-
munication,and believe, very respectfully. &c.,
J NO. J. SMITH.
To Judge J C. Watp.oi's.
The fact is thus revealed that Judge Watrous
had been counsel in this case before going on the
bench, and that in assuming the judicial office, he
had turned over the business he had been man-
aging to Hale and Johnson, the attorneys he had
impoi ted into Texas to aid in the accomplishment
of his purposes. The writer of this letter, one of
the persons who had employed the judge m this
case, congratulates him on his promotion to the
bench, and says:
" I am aKo satisfied that if our case should come before
you, that we shall have both law and ju-tiee rendered us,
&o far as it is dependent on your decisions."
Thus writes the client to his lawyer who had
been made judge, and who is congratulated on the
justice with which he will decide the case m which
he had been counsel.
It may well be imagined what influences this
conspiracy must have possessed itself of, and
wielded for evil, when it is seen how a memori-
alist who dared to ask for the impeachment of
Judge Watrous has been hunted, traduced, and
threatened, to deter him from the prosecution of
his remedy before Congress. Leading presses
have been subsidized to devote their columns to
his abu^e, and to the circulation of absurd slan-
ders. Great influences must certainly have been
employed to procure this wholesale and unqual-
ified personal abuse, when we reflect upon the
indorsements Mr. Mussina has received with re-
spect to the truth and justice of his complaints.
The assertion of his wrongs has been sustained
by the unanimous report of one committee of
Congress; the findings of this committee have
again been indorsed by a moiety of the present
House Judiciary Committee, and those of this
committee who dissented have been willing to
admit that they had not examined the charges
assigned by Mussina with care. With such in-
dorsements of his verity, and the fact being con-
sidered, too, that the judge he accuses had been
previously charged by the sovereign State itself,
what influences may we not imagine to have been
employed to so pervert the truth r
In the history I have stated of the conspiracies,
collusions, and frauds, in which Judge Watrous
was an active party, I have not attempted to com-
prehend all the malfeasances of the judge. The
record of these might be grektly extended. But I
have only intended to give a sketch of the most
prominent and notorious of his misdeeds. In doing
thi^, I think I may claim that I have not indulged
in mere assertions, nor in any statements,unless
sustained and accompanied by the cvidcnce. I
think that I have not commented with violence
upon any of the revelations of the judge's offenses.
I have had no disposition to indulge in denuncia-
tions, and I have sought only to marshal the facts,
for the calm consideration and judgment of this
honorable body. With respect to the malfeasance
of the judge in the cases of Mussina and Spencer,
I have been governed in my statements by the
letter of the testimony, taken by the House com-
mittee in the investigation of his conduct. I have
followed this testimony strictly, I believ§,and with
no other anxiety than that of arriving at those
legitimate conclusions of fact, which it inevitably
leads to and warrants.
In drawing to a close the brief history I have
attempted to narrate of the frauds which were
conceived, set on foot, and promoted by Judge
Watrous and his confederates, a portion of whom,
at least, are known, it will be well to make a slight
review of the principal facts, so as to hold clearly
in the mind correct and proportionate ideas of
the vast conspiracy of the details of which I have
spoken at length.
It appears that the company was organized on
a scale of most extraordinary extent; and thatits
ramifications, as far as known, reached from State
to State, to the most distant points of the Union,
and that, as far as they are unknown, they may
well be imagined to extend to existing sources of
power, anywhere in the country. The objects
about which this combination was employed have
been shown to have been of the most comprehen-
sive and varied character. But seldom, indeed,
has any record of crime offered more convincing
proofs of guilt, or displayed more numerous and
more ingenious varieties of transgression, than
that written in the history of the Watrous con-
spiracy.
Every object that cupidity could devise, or that
ftaud could suggest, seems to have been embraced
in the designs of this stupendous company.
It was its object to plunder the public domain
of Texas, to seize upon it by fraud and forgery,
and to fasten upon whole communities the most
audacious frauds ever sought to be practiced upon
| State or people.
j It was its object to deal in fraudulent land cer-
i tificates, and to sustain these dealings by corrupt-
i ing and seducing the courts, thus adding crime to
! crime. It has been seen that the most open prop-
! ositions of corruption were made, and the traffic
! was carried on with the direct countenance and as-
| sistance of Judge Watrous, whose agent explored
I the bar-rooms and groggeries of the State for cus-
! tomers.
j It was its object to conceal their operations,
S and, especially, to remove them from the action
! of Texas juries. For this service it has been
; shown how the machinery of Judge Watrous's
, court was employed, and how, in that court, the
' great suit of Phalen vs Herman, seeking to sub-
1 stantiate these woithless certificates, was institu-
; ted and removed out of the State in less than sev-
j enty-two hours, and that done out of term-time.
| It was its object to plunder private property,
i and to secure to its members vast bodies of lands
! in Texas, and to despoil the settlers of their just
' and hard-earned rights.
| It was its object to acquire interests in land
i within the jurisdiction of Judge Watrous's court;
1 to further the speculations by the corrupt use of
j that court; and through its protection to escape
| responsibility to Texas juries,
i It was its objcct to have the Federal court ab-
I solutely subservient to its designs; and for this
! purpose servile juries were sought to be selected,
f and an order made by Judge Watrous to exclude
| from jury duty citizens of four counties, which
■ counties embraced the chief portion of the com-
; pany's known field of operations.
I It'was its object to impose upon the courts a
I forged muniment of title to a vast estate, and to
j sustain the forgery by perjured and purchased
i testimony. The whol® history of the forged
