7.84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 8.
power of attorney is overwhelming in its.evi-
dence of the black and redoubled crime of Judge
Watrous and his coniederates, in seeking to sus-
tain a forgery of the most monstrous description,
by devices of fraifli, by bolder acts of bribery,
and, at last, by direct subornation of perjury.
It was its object to betray suitors in Judge
Watrous's court, by collusion between the court
and counsel, and between opposite counsef, and
to divide out ampns: themselves the gains.
It was its object to oppose a!l unfriendly parties
who attempted to sue in the Federal court, and,
through the'favor of this judge, to practice re-
venge upon them, to strip tliem of their rights,
and to mock them.
AU these stupendous and vile objects were
sought to be accomplished through the subserv-
iency of Judge Watrous's court, and by the aid of
the conupt appliances he possessed. The whole
conspiracy centered in him; and for the sum of
all its wrongful acts he is to be held responsible.
How shall this fearful responsibility be exacted ?
This honorable body cannot do it; it cannot ad-
minister the punishment, or series of punish-
ments, that the black record calls for. But al-
though it cannot visit a felon's doom upon the
culprit, it may banish him from the offices of the
State. The least it can do is to deprive of further
opportunities of further wrong a judge who has
disgraced his station and defiled his ermine and
stricken dismay in the hearts of the people. This
is all that is asked for; simply that Judge Wat-
rous's opportunities as a judicial officer of contin-
uing, with impunity his offenses, may be limited
by the passing of the bill I have offered. And in
making this least request, I appeal for your com-
pliance in the name of a noble, outraged people;
and m the name of interests which ate even higher
in their appeal to you—those o.f the honor of this
Government as residing in the character of our
Federal judiciary.
Mr. President, I shall for only a few moments
longer occupy the attention of the Senate. This
has been a most extraordinary case. It is one that
appeals to the integrity, to the consideration, and
to the reflection of the Senate. These disclosures
of criminality, the evidence furnished by his con-
federates, the extraordinary character of his judi-
cial decisions, his tyranny, his unprecedented des-
potism in judicial action—all these things seem
to present it as the only alternative that we
should get rid of this man in some way.
Why, sir, the temptations of twenty-four mil-
lion acres of public domain, and the corrupting
influence of a combination so extensive and ex-
traoidmary as this has been, are calculated to
ingulf all the interests of the State. There is a
mode of remedy that has heretofore been resorted
to, and can be again. By consolidating the two
judicial distiicts of Texas into one, we can get
rid of this intolerable incubus; we can divest our-
selves of this calamity. Texas, m all that she
has ever felt in her days of extrrmr excitement
to the present day, has never felt so keenly the
afflictions of revolution as she feels this moral
curse, and this judicial iniquity upon her. She
has passed through many trials, but none that
compare to this. This promises an interminable
duration: we know not when we are to get rid of
it. Twenty-four million acres of land! theie is
magic in its sound—magicinthe number of acres.
It is a kingdom; it is an empire worth fighting
fur; and it will be fought for; and it admits o(
divisions and subdivisions. Where it is to go,
through what ramifications it is to run, no one
knows. No one knows the artifice that is now
u&ed, and the means that are to be employed in
these and other speculations in Texas referred to.
Sir, ndusof this man; give us an honest judicial
officer. The people of Texas, of Anglo-Saxon
descent, aie an honest people. It is that wluch
causes them to feel this cursc with tenfold wretch-
edness. They are not capricious. No other peo-
ple, with the manifest outrages that have been
there committed, would tolerate this man to sit
on a judicial bench, and to lemain in a position !
wheie he could soil his ermine and attach infamy i
to his office. Sir, our people have been always
submissive to law, or enough of them to main-
tain the solidity of our community; and though
nixii may have gone there 111 olhei days—and I
was among the first emigrants—who may not
have lived here under the mostfavoiable and de-
lightful circumstances, yet they have united all
their energies, they have made themselves a peo-
ple, and they deserve to be considered as such.
The gentlemen who have thought proper to re-
flect on their character, and even this judge him-
self, would find that they themselves would come
up to a very low standard of Texas morality. 1 in-
sist that we be relieved from this judicial monster,
that has disgraced the judicial system of our Gov-
ernment more than any man has ever before done,
and whose crimes are but partially exposed to the
public, notwithstanding he has sunk dfeep, deep
in the slough of infamy. I wish this bill read.
AGRICULTURAL CdLLEGES
Mr. HUNTER. I now call for the order of
the day.
Mr. GWIN. I rise to a privileged .question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart
in the Chair.) The Senator from Virginia de-
mands that the orders of the day be called. The
Senator from California rises to a privileged ques-
tion. He will state it.
Mr. BIGLER. If the Senator will allow me,
I should like to* inquire what is the order of the
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. BIGLER. A resolution which I offered
on Monday was made the special order for to-
day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The unfinished
business undisposed of yesteiday at the time of
the adjournment is the first business m order to-
day.
Mr. BIGLER. I have no inclination to inter-
fere with that; but I should like very much to have
an understanding that my resolution shall come
up on Monday-
Mr. HUNTER. I think it likely enough that
the Senator can get it up then; but we cannot have
such an understanding now. I hope we shall go
on with the order of the day, unless a privileged
question supersedes it.
Mr. G WIN. The bill (H. R. No, 2) donating
public land:-* to the several States and Territories
which may provide colleges for the benefit of ag-
riculture and the mechanic arts, was recommitted
"yesterday to the Committee on Public Lands. I
voted m favoi of its reference, I move to recon-
sider that vote, and I will state very briefly my
reason* for it. I am instructed by the Legisla-
ture of California to vote for this bill,and itisrny
intention to vote for it; but there are some of its
details that are very injurious to the interests of
my State, and 1 think if they had been known to
the Legislature at the time, they would have mod-
ified the instructions; but that is no reason why
my action should embarrass the bill when 1 am
instructed to vote for it. I move to reconsider,
under the hope that it will bo so amended as to
confer the benefits winch I think it should confer
on my State, and I shall vote for its iconsidera-
tion. I move that it be reconsidered.
Mr. 3IUNTER. Will not the Senator agree
to postpone the reconsideration?
Mr. GWIN. I leave it in the hands of its
friends. I move the reconsideration, and they
can take up (he motion now if they choose.
Mr. HLJNTER. 1 ask the decision of the
Chair whether the consideration of that question
has precedence of all others, under the rules?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The opinion
of the Chair is that the Senator from California
has the light to make the motion, and have it
entered; but the demand made by the Senator
from Virginia, to proceed to the consideration of
the orders of the day, precedes the consideration
of that motion.
Mr. IIUNTER. I make that demand, to pro-
ceed to the orders of the day.
Mr. WADE. Do I understand that the ques-
tion on the reconsideration of tins bill is now be-
fore the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cides not. The Chair decides that the Senator
from California has the right to make the motion
and have it entered; but the Senator from Vir-
ginia having previously demanded the execution
of the order of the day, it takes precedence, unless
the Senate should otherwise decide.
Mr. WADE. Then I move to postpone all the
prior oiders, and take up the agricultural college
bill for consideration now; and I will state to the
Senator from Virginia that I do not suppose it is
going to occupy much time. I do not believe it
is going to be debated on either side. All that it
seems necessary to say has been said; and*i hope
we shall take the vote.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator from Alabama
[Mr. Clay] says that, if it comes up, he must
make a speech. We can finish the Indian bill in
the remnant of the day, but if I am thrown over
with that, I shall have to contest the matter with
the Senator from Georgia [Mr. Iverson] to-mor-
row, against private bills. We are obliged to
push the appropriation bills along. It is the most
economical use we can make of the day to dis-
pose of the appropriation bill.
Mr. WADE. This is a matter that will always
be thrown in the way of the Senator's appropri-
ation bill until we shall have a final decision of it.
I hope that it may be had to-day, and then I am
sure I shall have nothing to antagonize with his
motion. I think we ought to have a decision on
this question now. I therefore move to postpone
all prior orders, and take up the agricultural col-
lege bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Ohio to post-
pone all prior orders, for the purpose of proceed-
ing to the consideration of the bill indicated by
him.
Mr. WADE. On that motion I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BROWN". I agreed this morning to pair
off with the Senator from Maryland, Mr. Ken-
nedy, who is temporarily absent from the Sen-
ate. If he were4ierehe would vote for^this mo-
tion, and I against it.
Mr. WADE (when Mr. Jones's name was
called) satcl: The Senator from Iowa, Mr. Jones,
and the Senator from Maryland, Mr. Kennedy,
have paired off on this bill.
The Secretary concluded the calling of the roll.
Mr. BLIOWN. Since I declined voting, I learn
that Mr. Kennedy had paired off with General
Jones. That entitles me to a vote, of course, and
I accordingly vote "nay. "
The result was announced—yeas 27, nays 26;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell. Bigler, Broderick,Cameron,
Chandler, Claik, Collamer, Cuttenden, Dixon, Doolittle,
Dtnkee, Fes>enden, Foot, Gvvin, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan,
Kiny, Seward, Simmons, Stuart, Thompson of Kentucky,
Trumbull, Wade, WiUon, and Wright—27.
NAYS—Messrs Bayard, Benjamin, Crown, Cliesnut,
Clay. Cliuzmun, Davis;, Fitch, Fuzpatrick, Green, Ham-
mond, Houston, Iluntei, Iveroon, Johnson of Tennessee,
JVl.illory. -Mason. Polk, Pu«h,Ron], Rice,Sebastian, Shields,
Shdell, Toombs, and Ward—26.
So the motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Question
is on the motion of the Senator from California,
to reconsider the vote by which this bill was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CLAY, I ask for the yeas and nays on
that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. On this question I have paired
off with the Senator from Connecticut, Mr. Pos-
ter, who is sick.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 2S, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Me^si*. Allen,Bell, Cigler, Broderick, Cameron,
ChandJei, Clark, Collamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle,
Durkce, Fe^eiuieiu Foot, Gwin, ILile, Harnim, llarlan,
Kjul', Suvaid, Simmons. Sinaif, Thompson of Kentucky,
Tininisuii ot New Jetsey, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and
Wi mlit—
NAVS—Messrs. Bayard, Benjamin, Brown, Chesnut,
Claw Chninrnn, Davis, Fitch, Fuzpatrick, Green, Ham-
mond, Houston, Hunter, [verson, Johnson of Tennessee,
■Mulloiy, Mitt-ou, Polk. Pugti,Ileid, Rice, Sebastian, SlutjldSj
Slide)], Toomfw, Ward, and Yuleo—27.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Stuart.)
The bill is before the Senate as in Committee of
the Whole, and the pending question is on the
amendment proposed by myself on the floor, and
which has been divided,reserving that part which
relates to mineral lands. Is the Senate ready for
the question?
Mr. WADS. I believe there is no objection
to this amendment on the part of the friends of
the bill. I believe it was understood by them all
that the amendment offered by the chairman of
the Committee on Public Lands was acceptable.
The first branch of the amendment was then
agreed to.
