162
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
to do what we cannot help doing. Now, sir^cari-
not we reason with the rest of the.world that they
are acting unreasonably?
Having fairly stated and answered,as well as I
could, (for I am not acquainted with these tropes,)
the argument of the committee, I will now pro-
ceed to answer some of the positions assumed by
the honorable Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben-
jamin.] By a remarkable coincidence, it turns
out that this knowledge of the political necessity
and the geographical necessity, and the argument
growing out of ripe fruit and everything of that
sort, seems to be better appreciated by the Sena-
tors from Louisiana than by Senators from any
other part of the United States. I do not know
that it is strange that it does. The magnetic in-
fluence of that political gravitation which has been
going on will be more likely to be feltin that part
of the coast nearest the magnet, than it would in
the more remote parts. But, sir, there is one
portion of the argument of the Senator from Lou-
isiana which, I doubt not, he thinks I cannot an-
swer, which he considers it is folly to attempt to
answer, which I will now undertake to answer.
I shall not undertake to controvert one single
word that he said about the cooly trade. If he
has found a system of human slavery on,the face
of earth worse, and greatly worse, than any that
he has seen on our continent, 1 am perfectly will-
ing that he may expend his sympathies and his
philosophy upon it. I shall not undertake to con-
trovert it. 1 yield to liirn for the sake of the ar-
gument, though I do not profess to be instructed
in the matter, that so far as his censures have
fallen upon the cooly trade, they are just. I will
not undertake to controvert them. So far as his
censures have fallen upon the trade earned on in
African apprentices, I will not controvert one
word of them.
But, sir, when the Senator stands up here in
the Senate, and undertakes to assume, as lie did,
that the experiment of emancipation tried by the
British Government in their islands and the aboli-
tion of domestic slavery has been sucli a total
failure that it is admitted and acknowledged by
everybody to be such, and is treated as such at
the present day, I hog leave to say to that hon-
orable Senator, to the Senate, and to the country,
the evidence upon that sulijcct is not all one way.
i admit, further, for the sake of the argument,
that the experimentof the emancipation of slaves
in the British West Indies 1ms not been favorable
to the cultivation of the sugar estates. If there
was no other destiny to be developed in the fu-
ture; if there was no other lot that was desirable
for mankind than to be converted into sugar plant-
ers, I would yield him the argument; but, in my
own State, in the whole of the six New England
States, in Pennsylvania, and in New York, I be-
lieve there is not a single sugar planter; and yet
we think that we have, in some tolerable degiee,
answered the great purposes of a Christian civil-
ization in those communities; wo believe that,
upon the whole, we are not a whit lower in the
scale of morals, of intellect, of mechanical arts,
of industry, and of everything which elevates and
refines and advances human society, than any of
the sugar-growing States. I will not trespass
upon that by alleging any superiority. It is
enough for the argument that we do not conceive
that we are inferior, notwithstanding we have not
a sugar planter among us.
But, sir, aside from the fact that the cultivation
of sugar may have suffered somewhat consider-
ably in the British West India islands where this
great crime of emancipation has been tried, that
beyond that it has been a failure I utterly deny,
and I do not stand here to speak without the book
upon that subject. I hold in my hand a report
made to the British House of Commons, in 1857,
entitled " Accounts and papers." The first piece
of evidence to which I desire to call the attention
of the Senate is, a copy of a dispatch from Gov-
ernor P. Murray to the Right Honorable H. La-
bouchere, dated " Bermuda, June 18, 1856." I
think the Senator will find that every authority
which I quote to him is older and later than those
which he gave to the Senate in the remarks which
he submitted. Governor Murray, in this report,
" Sir : I have the honor to transmit the Blue Book for the
year 1855.
" I am happy to report that the general state and prosperity
of the eolouy is satisfactory ; that id strongly exemplified
by the fact* (as you will peiceivc by the tabular returns.)
that the exports have increased in value, when compared
with last year, from £*25,563 to £11,420, and that the im-
ports have increased from £120,389 to £ 162,556. To this
sum must be added imports to the value of £9.332 for the
use of Her Majesty's military and naval forces, and that
of the convict establishment, making the total imports
£17J.8S8. There has also been an increase jn the revenue,
notwithstanding that the ad valorem percentage duty on im-
ports had been reduced one per cent. Agucultural and
commercial enterpuse are steadily augmenting, and im-
proved habits of industry are observable among the people
geneially."
That is the Bermudas. I next read from a re-
port made from Lieutenant Governor Shortland
to Governor Hincks, dated the 16th day of June,
1856, and written from Tobago. He says, in this
report:
" Your Excellency submits to me the question relative to
the employment of the negro population not engaged in the
culture of sugar—•' whether they are industi iou , or, as rep-
resented to be the case in some colonies, abandoned to sloth-
t ul habits, and content with the mere necessaries of life.'
The negroes of this island cannot be termed slothful or aban-
doned ; they beat- the ohaiacter of being orderly and well-
disposed, and, I believe, deservedly so. The black and
colored classes have acquired a considerable amount of
piopcity. Many have raised themselves to the position of
lessees of sugar estate?, and a spirit ot emulation seems to
bo on the increase. I am aware of offers having been made
to proprietors by the negioes to rent estates, and to repair
the works at their own cost; indeed, in one instance, three
negroes have taken the lease of an abandoned sugar works,
and have repaired both the mill and the boiling-house. Sev-
eral other instances might be adduced of equal enterprise.
I am not, however, prepared to say that the negro, as a
class, can be called industrious, in the true sense attached
to the woid. lie is not fond of continuous labor."
This is what the Governor says, and in that, I
would add, he is not singular:
" But, when working for himself, taking the average of
a year, perlomis a considerable quantity of work. When
working for lure, he gives his employers the smallest quan-
tity he finds will be submitted to. The struggle, too, never
censes ; he must be constantly urged forward, or he would
fail to work. Nevertheless, I am induced to extend to him
a decided preference over all other laborers for general pur-
poses in a tropical climate."
1 next read from the report of the Colonial Sec-
retary to Lieutenant Governor Shortland, dated
June 5, 1856, and some memoranda attached
thereto, I believe by the stipendiary magistrate.
Speaking still of the Island of Tobago, he says:
" The fact that a great majority of the negro popu Jation
—whether plantation laborers or otherwise—have, since
emancipation, left the plantation negro-houses, and ac-
quired comfortable icsidences of their own, may be taken
as prima fucie evidence that they are industrious and sav-
ing. No man, contented with the mere necessities of life,
will work, and save up money to buy a piece of land and
erect a house, and pay the taxes to which he thereby sub-
jects himself. I have been upwards of twenty years m
Tobago, and I deny that its peasantry are abandoned to
slothful habits. I assert, on the contrary, that a more in-
dustrious class docs not exist in this world—at least when
working for themselves. I see no reason, either, for em-
ployers on estates to find fault. In the face of our taxation,
'8<Z.'u day is not a veiy remunerative wage to laborers
\vho<e employers in Great Britain are comparatively un-
taxed for the produce which they extract from Tobago. Bet-
ter wages will procure an increase of work. A minimum
of wages naturally purchases a minimum in return, and
piompts the peasantry to labor for themselves rather than
lor their employers."
The next is a report from Antigua, another of
the Btitish West India islands. X read from a
dispatch from Governor Hamilton to the Right
Honorable H. Labouchere. Governor Hamilton
says:
" Although there lias been a great diminution in the value
of tropical produce, and the labor of the plantation culti-
vation has proved in vauous years umemunerative, yet,
upon the whole, the success of the cultivation,by fiee labor,
of the valuable staple commodities of the West Indies, in
well peopled colonies, is demonstrated by the results pro-
duced m this island, as well as in the neighboring island of
Harbadoes; and experience has sufficed to convince the
public mind that there is no sufficient cause for despondency
m the agricultural condition of the West Indian colonies."
Here is another colony, not one of the West
Indies; but one in which the experimentof the
abolition of slavery has been made—Mauritius.
What I am about to read is taken from a report
of Governor Higginson, dated May 13,1856. He
says:
tK Our sugar crop, for the past year, reached one hundred
and two thousand tons, and that now about being reaped
pi ornises to be still more abundant. Should the season con-
tinue as favorable as it has hitherto been, the coming crop
may be estimated at not less than one hundred and twenty
thousand tons—about double that exported in 18,>0 ; and as
large tracts of cultivable land still he unreclaimed, only
awaiting the hand of the husbandman, provided nothing
occurs to obstruct the steady influx of immigrant labor, it
is hardly possible to estimate the limit of producing power
attainable within another five years."
These are all official documents sent to the House
of Commons by the Governors of those islands.
But I have a later and a more minute authority.
Last year, in 1858, a gentleman residing in Boston
addressed a series of queries to Governor Hincks,
Governor of the five Windward Islands; and I
will read you an extract from his answer:
" Government House, Barbadoes, January 9, 1858.
" My dear Sir : 1 willingly comply with your request,
that X should communicate to you the opinions which I
have formed as to the results of the abolition of slavery in
the British West Indies, as well in their bearing oil the
civilization of the emancipated classes, a? on the general
prosperity of the colonies. I do this the more readily, be-
cause, being thoroughly persuaded that most erroneous
opinions on this important subject prevail generally, both
in Europe and America, I think that every possible assist-
ance should be given to those who take the trouble to in-
quire into the actual condition of uiese colonies.
" The errors to which 1 shall more especially advert, are,
first, the assertion that slave labor is cheaper than free.
Secondly, the charge of habitual indolence advanced against
the Creoles of African descent, which has led, it is alleged,
to the abandonment of the sugar estates, and the consequent
rum of the proprietors.
" On the first point, namely, the comparative cost of free
and slave labor, I believe that little if any difference of opin-
ion prevails among the proprietors of this island. It is, how-
ever, much to be regretted that the West Indian planters
have more than once, since the period of emancipation,
made formal complaints to the Imperial Parliament, founded
on their inability to compete in the production of sugar by
fiee labor with the slave labor of foreign countries.
" The object of the complainants doubtless was to obtain
a continuance of the protective duties then levied upon for-
eign bugar.*. I can, however, state with confidence, that
many who at one time held the opinion that the increased
production of sugar in Cuba was to be attributed to the
cheapness of slave labor, have long since discovered their
error. For my own part, J entertain no doubt that the pro-
ductiveness of Cuba is to be mainly attributed to its rich
virgin soil, on which ratooning can be carried on for many
yeais with little labor. Land in that island is abundant and
cheap, and labor is in gieat demand for clearing and pre-
paring it for cultivation." *****
"As to the relative cast of slave and free labor in this
colony, I can supply you with facts, in which the most im-
plicit reliance may be placed. They have been furnished
to me by the proprietor of an estate containing three hun-
dred acres of land, and situated at a distance of about
twelve miles from the shipping port. The estate referred
to produced during slavery equal on an average to one hun-
dred and forty hogsheads of sugar of the present weight, and
required two hundred and thirty slaves. It is now worked
by ninety free laborers—sixty adults and thirty under six-
teen years of age. Its average productduring the last seven
year3 has been one hundred and ninety-four hogsheads."
In slavery, 230 slaves produced 140 hogsheads,
and after emancipation 90 free laborers produced
194 hogsheads. Again:
"The average of pounds of sugar to each laborer during
slavery was 1,043 pounds, and during freedom, 3,664 pounds.
To estimate the cost of slave labor, the value of Q30 slaves
must be ascertained," &c.
Another extract from the same letter. He
says:
" I shall now proceed to the consideration of the com-
plaint against the Creoles of African descent, that they are
indolent, and that they have abandoned the sugar planta-
tions. This is a subject involved in much greater difficulty
than the one on which I have already treated. I admit that
the planters generally, m several of the British colonies,
would vehemently maintain the correctness of the charge.
I am, however, bound to affirm that, after a most patient
investigation, I have been unable to arrive at such a con-
clusion. There is no doubt that the condition of the labor-
ing classes ought to be worse in Barbadoes than in any of
the other colonies. In Barbadoes, land is exorbitantly dear,
being worth, in small quantities, from four to six hundred
dollars per acre. Wages are fiom ten pence to one shilling
per day, as I have already stated. There are only five
working days in the week, except during crop time. With
all these disadvantages, the small proprietors in this island
holding less than five acres of land, increased, in sixteen
years, Irom about eleven hundred to three thousand five
hundred and thirty-seven. I doubt much whether such a
proof of industrious habits could be furnished with regard
to a simitar class of laborers in any other country in the
world. I adduce the above remarkable fact to prove that
in this island there has been no want of industry on the part
of the Creoles of African descent. 1 think that m those col-
onies in which the sugar estates have been partially aban-
doned, we must look to other causes than the indolence of
the laborers."
Again:
44 With regard to the condition of the African race, I can
answer your queries with unmixed satisfaction, and with
the conviction that there will be little, if any, difference of
opinion among well-informed persons on that subject. The
improvement which has taken place in the religious condi-
tion of the people of all classes, and the progress of educa-
tion, is quite equal to what could reasonably have been
expected. The Creoles are advancing rapidly m civiliza-
tion,"
That is the opinion of Governor Hincks, dated
this year, of the state of things in the Island of
Barbadoes. I now wish to show you that, in other
respects than the mere physical one, this experi-
ment has not been a failure. I read from a letter
