1859.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
163
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
from the Bishop of Barbadoes. He gives some
other statistics. The Bishop says:
"The following is a comparative view ot our church
schools in Barbadoes at the dates mentioned:
Daily primary or national.
Tear. Schools. Scholars,
1825  8 600
1834 27 1,574
1841 49 3,994
1857 70 6,180
Daily dame or infant.
1825  -
1834  3 261
1841 2 173
1857 .14 1,140
Again, on another point:
1825. 1834. 1841. 1858,
Numberof clergy in Barbadoes, 15 29 33 43
Chuiehes and chapels  14 23 35 50
Amount of church accommo-
dation 5,000 7,750 22,500 28,000
So, sir, when tried both by the standard of prog-
ress in schools and in churches, the experiment
of emancipation in the West Indies does not seem
to be so disastrous as the Senator would suppose.
A letter from the Hon. B. T. Young, written to
the same gentleman in answer to the same letter,
dated January 13, 1858, says:
"The religious condition of the people generally, has
greatly improved since the abolition of slavery, and, un-
doubtedly, emancipation has removed many of the obstacles
that existed during slavery, and stood m the pathway of the
blave in improving his religious condition."
In regard to education, he says:
" Greatly improved, but by no means to the extent de-
sired. Popular feeling is now pressing the enlargement of
education to all classes, and the Legislature of Barbadoes is
quite willing to cany it out to the extent desired, by increas-
ing the annual grant towards education."
In respcct to crime, lie says:
" I do not think there is more crime now than in the days
of slavery, becausc the owner, dm itig slavery, lmd the power
to punish all crime short of a capital offense. Now, all
crime is punished by the courts, and thus a svide publicity
is given to it."
In answer to the question, "are the estates,
generally speaking, better cultivated under fr§e
labor than they were under slave?"he says:
l< In Barbadoes, the estates are, generally speaking, better
cultivated with free labor than they were under the slave
labor.
" I believe it is generally admitted that the cost of pro-
duction is generally less under a free-labor system.
u The voice of one and all pronounces it to be a bless-
ing." ****** ***
44 There can be no question that emancipation has worked
most beneficially for the emancipated classes.
" The condition of the poor whites in Batbadocs is lam-
entably deteriorated, but tiom causes quite apart and dis-
tinct fioin emancipation."
Now, sir, I desire to call the attention of the
Senate to the Island of Jamaica, in which it is
said, I believe, that the most disastrous conse-
quences have ensued from this experiment of
emancipation. The Governor, in writing from
Jamaica, says:
" The return*, from the several jails continue to testify to
the comfortable condition and peaceful disposition of the
lower ordeu.-"'
Instead of Jamaica being about to be aban-
doned as hopelessly given over to barbarism, the
Governor says:
" Such a levival is distinctly traceable in these returns ;
the comparison for the last four years standing, as under,
after coirection of an eirnrinto which i was last year be-
trayed by the total omission from the custom-house tables,
which were very carelessly prepared by the then Comptroller
of Navigation Laws, of the value of British goods imported:
Imports. Exports.
1852 £837,894 £927,377
18-53   861,094 837,276
185 4  926,166 937,316
1855   899,508 1,003,325
Again he says:
"Last year I could sum up my report with nogicater
amount of encouragement than an assurance that the posi-
tion of the colony had grown no worse, and that its pros-
pects were by no means desperate; this year r am fairly
entitled to found on the facts and figures I have passed in
review nmcn more sanguine inferences; and though diffi-
culties and drawbacks still remain to be encountered, I feel
far more confident of the ultimate restoration of prosperity
than I ever did before."
So, sir, even in Jamaica affairs are not quite so
hopeless as the Senator from Louisiana supposes;
and I hope that he will come to the conclusion
that the experiment of emancipation in those
British West India islands has not been so utter
afailure as he had been led to imagine. The peo-
ple, instead of working upon the plantations,
have become land-owners, and in sixteen years
the small land-owners, holding small estates of
five acres and upwards, have increased more than
three hundred per cent. I am glad that the hon-
orable Senator has based the argument for the
annexation of Cuba upon what he saya is the
conviction that compulsory labor is absolutely
necessary to the maintenance of that island. He
argues that compulsory labor can only be main-
tained there, first, by the introduction of the
cooly trade, which he condemns in no measured
terms; by the apprenticeship, to which he is
equally opposed; and by the foreign slave trade,
which, I suppose, from the tenor of his remarks,
does not meet his approbation. He would have
it left for us to infer that the only alternative by
which this demand for compulsory labor by which
the agriculture of Cuba is to be maintained is,
that these slaves are to come from the United
States of America; that when Cuba is annexed to
us, the foreign slave-trade being cutoff, the neces-
sities of compulsory labor still continuing, the
United States o"f America must then take the
place and occupy the position which the coast of
Africa now occupies, and instead of foreign slavers
going from Cuba to the coast of Africa to get
their cargo of human muscles with which to carry
on the agricultural labor of Cuba, that they are
to come to the United States; and that this great
demand for compulsory labor is to be supplied by
annexation. That I understand to be the argu-
ment.
The President of the United States puts it on
the ground, also, that it will tend to the abolition
of the foreign slave trade. Now, sir, I confess
that I am not entirely clear in my convictions of
the propriety of this suggestion from the present
Executive. I think, before it becomes us to an-
nex foreign territories to our possessions for the
purpose of putting down the African slave trade,
that we see to it that we put it down in the pos-
sessions we have now got. I believe, from the
commencement of the Government down to the
Eresent day, it has never transpired that any man
as been convicted, in any of your Federal courts
in any of the States of this Union, for being en-
gaged in the foreign slave trade. I may be mis-
taken in that, but I think I am not. The Federal
judiciary is utterly powerless, to-day, if news-
papers be relied upon, for the enforcement of the
I laws against the slave trade in the States of this
| Union. The doctrine has been openly avowed
, within a few days, withina short distance of where
! I stand, that this foreign slave trade must be re-
1 opened to enable the southern States to contend
with that species of labor against the emigration
which is coming from Europe into the northern
and eastern States.
Now, sir, it is very well for the President to
be desirous to put down the foreign slave trade,
but I would commend to the President, and to
those gentlemen who desire to put down the for-
eign slave trade by annexing Cuba, this simple
admonition of one of the Apostles, I believe it was
Paul, whom writingto his brethren says: " When
thou art converted, strengthen thy brethren."
That saying would seem to imply that it is not
very well for us to begin to stiengthen anybody
else until wc have converted ourselves. I would
say to the President of the United States, and I
would say to those gentlemen who are desirous
of the annexation of Cuba for the purpose of put-
ting down the foreign slave trade, that they had
better begin by putting it down at home. They
had better see that the Federal judiciary and the
; Federal laws are able to deal with this great sin
I and this great crime upon our own coasts, before
| we go abroad beyond the seas, for the purpose
i of annexing Cuba to put it down there. It will be
time enough for us to enter upon a crusade, for
the abolition of the foreign slave trade in Cuba,
when we have abolished it upon our own shores,
and in our own country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Will the Senator from New
Hampshire permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will ask the Senator, who
is very urgent that the Federal judiciary shall put
down the African slave tiade with the United
States, if he knows of a solitary instance in which
a solitary African slave has been introduced into
the United States except the recent case of the
Wanderer, which the Federal officers are now
pursuing?
Mr. HALE. I do not know, because I never
visited any further South than Virginia; my opin-
ion is derived from papers altogether. Upon that
subject I have no particular information, but I
have a very decided conviction. I do .not know
that there has been any other; but the case of the
Wanderer is enough. That may be the first one
that has been discovered and brought out palpa-
bly; but is the Senator so ignorant of what has
transpired in the city of New York, if we ate to be-
lieve the papers and the accounts that come from
there, that he means to say that vessels are not
fitted out, and have not been for years in the city
of New York, for the foreign slave trade?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state to the Senator,
with great pleasure and with entire candor, that
1 believe a great many vessels are fitted out in the
United States for the purpose of carrying on the
slave trade between the coast of Africa and Cuba
—not one to my knowledge, nor do I believe one
ever has existed, except the solitary case of the
Wanderer, for carrying on the slave trade with
the United States.
Mr. HALE. Well, sir, that is all I desire,
The witness has answered everything I wanted
him to answer. I am satisfied.
Mr. BENJAMIN. So am I.
Mr. HALE. So am I; and now I will proceed
to argue the case. The Senator has no doubt that
a great number of vessels are fitted out in the city
of New York for the purpose of engaging in the
foreign slave trade between the coast of Africa
and Cuba, in which they violate the laws of the
land and our treaty stipulations; and your Federal
power has been incompetent to arrest that busi-
ness in the city of New York. If it cannot take
care of the slave trade in the city of New York, I
think it will be very difficult to do it in Cuba.
But, Mr. President, I will deal candidly with
this subject, and with the authors of this proposi-
tion. I do not believe that this measure is pushed
at this time with the expectation, the remotest
expectation,that Cuba is to be annexed by it. I
I think I hold in my hand a paragraph from a
newspaper which gives the true clue to this whole
movement, and I will read it. It is taken from
the Carolina Spartan, dated February 3,1859:
ei Purchase of Cuba.—In both Houses ofCongress prop-
ositions are pending to appropriate and place at the disposal
of the President #30,000,000, to be used in negotiations for
the puichaseof Cuba. The report of the committee, in the
Senate, by Mi. Smdell, occupied one hour in reading. On
the subject of the acquisition, the Washington correspond-
ent ot the Charleston Mercury, holds this language :
" ' Among politicians the acquisition ot Cuba is the absorb-
ing topic of convocation. It is evident Mr. Buchanan has
purposely reserved this question lor political capital, and
intends to make it the lever by winch to raise the Demociat-
ic pariy out of {t the slough of despond" into which the
Abolitionists had thtiust it. It is a subject peculiarly attrac-
tive to the people of the North, who, while they are fondly
devoted to Iree negroes, are still more ardent in their lov'e
of'' free sugar," and will go for Cuba without slavery. If
anything in the future may be predicted from the present
complexion of affairs," Cuba" is to be the Democratic war-
cry in the presidential campaign of I860, and is the only
thing which is likely to give us a Democraiic President.' "
I do not believe it will do that, either. [Laugh-
ter.] When I read an extract from Governor
Hincks'sletter, the honorable Senator from Louis-
iana was curious to know what paper it was pub-
lished in, as if a document coming from the hands
of an individual could be affected in its character
for veracity, by that of a paper in which it was
printed. It was printed in the National Era; but
this that I speak of, this Democratic war-cry ar-
ticle, has no abolition taint about. It comes from
South Carolina, from the Charleston Mercury,
which I understand to be the alkoian of the party.
In that article it is said that the war-cry of the
next presidential campaign is to be Cuba; and
that if anything in this world can lift the Democ-
racy out of the slough into winch it*has been
thrust, this will do it. I think the President over-
rates altogether the power of Cuba, in that re-
spect. He does not know what a job it would be
to do that. General Taylor came into the Presi-
dency an honest man,and he entertained the idea
that he was going to bring the Government back
to its original purity. Providence took him from
the evil that was to come. It broke the old man
down. He did not know what a job it was to
bring this Government back to its original purity.
