f64'
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Hale.
Senate.
1 have heard nothing in modern times e^ualto it
in absurdity, except this attempt to lift the Demo-
cratic party out of the slouch of despond, in 3860.
I have read the President's arguments; they are
not new. When I read this report I could not
but be struck with the similarity of some of the
aYgumeftts, to those that were used inCongress
on a former occasion, some fifteen years ago. I
g.Iltide to the annexation of Texas,
Mf. President, you have forgotten, I venture
to say, the arguments by which that measure was
carried through Congress. I had almost forgotten
them myself; but I have been refreshing myself
on that subject. 1 have lately read a letter pub-
lished by a distinguished Senator from Missis-
sippi—he is not one now, but was one in former
days—in which he undertakes to argue the annex-
ation of Texas; and I will tell you what the
grounds upon which he put it were,.and I com-
mend that letter to gentlemen; theyshould go and
read it. In the first place, he said it was a great
abolition measure, and would tend to the rapid
extinction of slavery in the United States. Said
Mr. "Walker, in a letter addressed to the citizens
of Carrollton-, 1 think it was, in Kentucky, if
Texas should be reannexed,—why do not Senators
put that re on to Cuba?—slavery would be abol-
ished in Delaware in ten years, in Maryland in
twenty, and>it would have been very much less-
ened and decreased in Virginia. Texas was to be
the outlet by which slavery, by the law of polit-
ical gravitation, was to slide off through Texas
into Central America, where there was no preju-
dice against color, and there the colored man was
to be elevated and was to create a new condition
for hrmseif, such as tho blacks have acquired in
the West Indies, according to the report of the
Governor. That was one of the reasons then
given for the annexation of Texas, and your
northern Democracy, which at that time—1 will
not speak of the present; \ hope they have im-
proved—were leady to do anything you asked,
if you only gave them something by which, if
they could not deceive others, they might them-
selves, caught it up, and the Democratic party in
my own State resolved that they wercin favor of
the annexation of Texas because it would add
mo-rcfree thus slave States to the Union,and they
had the authority of Mr. Walker for it. He said
it would entirely abolish slavery in Delaware in
ten years, finisfi it in Maryland in twenty, and
make awfift inroads in Virginia. Well, sir, [Mr.
Mason in, the chair,] you can state how much it
has done in Virginia on that subject.
There was another argument, and 1 almost
stagger wit,h credulity when I repeat it, but I find
it all in Mr. Walker's letter. It was necessary to
preserve the tariff. Yes,sir,the appeal was made
to the manufacturers of the New England and
middle States, that the annexation of Texas was
necessary to preserve the taijrff. They found out
how efficacious it was in that respect. That prob-
lem was demonstiated sooner than will bo tho
other one of how long it will take to abolish
slavery in Virginia.
Tho third argument used by Mr. Walker for
the annexation of Texas, was that it was neces-
sary in a military pointofview;and whatdo yon
suppose that military point of view was? That
it was necessary to defend New Orleans, and to j
preserve the Union. Mr. Walker said if Texas !
were not annexed there would be a southern con- |
federaey, the Union would be dissolved, New 1
Orleans would be at the mercy of any foe that j
would come to take it. Those wore the ars;u- 1
ments. The annexation of Texas was to prepare |
for tho extinction of shivery, it was necessary to j
preserve the tariff, to protect New Oilcans, and i
cuver the hind with blessings. We got it. An-
other prediction Walker ventured upon to man-
ufacturers was this: if Texas should be reannexed
to the United States, m ten yeais there was to be
more cotton manufactured in the United States
than there was m Great Britain. That was an-
other of the consequences to flow from its annex-
ation.
Well, sir, the Democratic party listened to these
arguments. I did not, and I got turned out of
doors for not listening. The measure was eon-
summated^and consummated, too, by the votes
of the northern Democracy, and now they have !
history loft to tell them how true, how specious, i
or how just, were the arguments by which it was
advocated. There isito bs the same cry always,
that it is necessary in a military point of view.
Why is Cuba so necessary in a military point of
view ? What can-Cuba do towards protecting the
mouth of the Mississippi? I believe the passage
on the east side of the island to the capes of Flor-
ida is something like eighty miles. The fleets of
tho world could go in there without the fortifica-
tions on either side molesting them. On the west-
ern side, from Cuba to Yucatan, \ think the channel
is^till wider—more than eighty miles across. How
are you to protect and command the Gulf of Mex-
ico by owning this Island of Cuba, which has a
channol eighty miles wide on each side of it, un-
less you maintain a navy to do it? Mr. Jefferson,
when he, in the quotation which is made by the
committee, undertook to recommend receiving
Cuba into our Union, he said we should imme-
diately erect a column on the southernmost limits
of Cuba, and inscribe on it that it was to be the
ne plus ultra to us in that direction—seeming to
admit that if we took Cuba we were going as far
as it could possibly be justifiable to go' on any
condition, and that we were to erect a monument
when we got to Cuba to proclaim to all the world,
through all time, that our avarice and our lust for
dominion and forempire were satiated, at least in
that direction, and that we were to go no further.
But there was another part of Mr. Jefferson's
opinion, in which he says:
c: We should then havo only to include the north m our
Confederacy; which would be, of course, in tins first war;
and we should lmve such an empire tor liberty as she has
nevei hiirve>cd biuco the creation.11
Well, sir, I havo had occasion more than once
or twice, to speak about this north side of the
Union. Mr. Jefferson thought it necessary to throw
that in, when he suggested the acquisition of Cuba.
He said that, after we had got Cuha, all we should
want was to take in the north. I believe when
the reannexation of Texas was proposed, that the
reannexation of Oregon was thrown in as a sop
for the North. Weil, sir, we reannexed Texas;
but what became of Oregon ? There is a north to
this country, and, if we are to have annexation,
why in the name of geographical necessities do
we not ever look north ? Heie we have a great
empire bounding us on the north from the Atlan-
tic to the Pacific. We have the most dense part
of our population lying within cannon shot of the
fortifications and the vessels of the most power-
ful nation on earth. Why, sir, during the cam-
paign of 1848, the Democratic candidate for the
Presidency slept right under British guns. There
was only a river that divided the city in which he
dwelt from the great force of the British Empire.
Well, sir, we have never turned our thoughts that
way. What is the reason ? Gentlemen will not
admit that the reason we look to Cuba and neg-
Icct Canada, is that Spain is feeble and Britain
strong. They will not admit that; though I very
much fear that the world will suspect it.
Now, I ask gentlemen if there is a geograph-
ical necessity for our expansion, let us go north.
We have gone south long enough; we have taken
Florida; we have bought Louisiana; we have re-
annexed Texas, and we have divided Mexico;
but on the north our history has been directly the
reverse. When there is the greatest and most
powerful nation on earth owning rivers which run
into the very center of our continent, penetrating
into some of the most densely settled and wealthy
parts of onr country, why is it that the views of
our statesmen, who give direction to our energies
and administer to this great national taste for ex-
pansion, have never turned their eyes north?
Why is U that, when we come to the north side
of the continent, instead of annexing we have
been cutting off? If the outlet of the Mississippi
was so necessary to the great West fifty years
ago, why is it that the outlet to the St. Lawrence
is not necessary for us now r The commercc
that comes down those lakes now, is vastly, im-
measurably greater than the commerce of the
West when we purchased Louisiana so many
years ago. No, sir, that is not the course of
things; that is not the direction which things take.
The necessities of our annexation and our ex-
pansion are always m one direction, and it so
happens that that is always and exactly in that
direction wheie a paiticular local institution ex-
ists and prevails. There it is that we seek and
demand and require expansion.
I think I do no injustice to the truth of history
when I say that if slavery were to be abolished
in Cuba, and the experiment which has been tried
in the British West India islands were tried in the
Spanish islands, and the experiment should suc-
ceed beyond the most ardent expectations of the
most warm-hearted philanthropist; if the chain
should be stricken from the bondman; I believe
the same Administration which to-day seeks
Cuba at an expense of $100,000,000, would give,
^100,000,000 rather than take it. They would
not have it. Nobody expects that this bill wil!
accomplish the professed object. Spain, in the
most solemn manner in which she could speak,
in the most emphatic language in which she could
give utterance to her feelings on this subject, has
told you that, so far from being willing to sell, so
far from being willing to negotiate, she will look
upon the very proposition as offensive, and she
has the right to do so. But, whether she has a
right to do so or not, if such be the fact, if such
be the temper, and such the disposition of Spain,
that she looks upon the proposition as offensive,
then, I say, if you make the proposition, instead
of hastening, you will retard the consummation
of this measure.
The true theory, Mr. President, of all this, is
given in this South Carolina paper. The annex-
ation of Cuba is to be the great war cry of the
Democratic party in the coming campaign. That
is to be the issue with which they are to go be-
fore the people. That is to be the extraordinary
expedient that is to be resorted to in the coming
campaign, in order to deceive, delude, and mislead
the people of this country. Sir, it is one of the
omens of the time, and it is one of the indications
of the time, from which I take courage. This
party that misrules the country, that squanders
our Treasury, that in times past reduced us to
bankruptcy, feels that it is in a situation in which
an appeal to the popular intelligence cannot com-
mand the popular approbation. They have made
these appeals in times past. In 1844, they had
Texas. In 1848 they had no political watchword,
and they went to the bottom. Subsequently some
new scheme was to be devised, and they under-
took to save the Union, and they saved the Union.
By the compromise of 1852, they undertook to
save themselves, and they did. Well, sir, these
things have run out; saving the Union will not do
any longer; Texas is annexed, and some extraor-
dinary means and measures must, be adopted to
throw into the political campaign a watchword
upon which the changes are to be rung, and that
m the present instance is the acquisition of Cuba.
No man in his senses supposes that we can get
it. Every man who looks at it dispassionately
and calmly, is obliged, as I believe, upon his con-
science, to say that the passage of this bill will
postpone and retard instead of accelerating this
measure.
For myself, I should be willing to take Cuba;
I should be willing that this country might ex-
pand; I have no objection to its expansion indefi-
nitely; but I desire that it may be done on just,
i honorable, honest, and patriotic principles. I
I want no deception, and I want no humbug about
• it. I want nothing of this sort thrown into the
| political canvass for a watchword with which to
) appeal to popular prejudice and popular clamor,
! when the real object that is to be attained is not
! the one which appears palpably upon the face
| of the bill. 1 assume that from the fact, that
; since this bill has been talked of, and before it
! was introduced, we received the most positive
i assurances that we could not effect that which
1 the bill proposes to effect
| I desire to say further, that while I am willing
; that the country should expand, and desire that
; it should expand, I am not willing that it shall
' expand continually in one diiection, and for the
! annexation of countries in which the institution
I of American slavery exists. I desire not to in-
! terfere with"the just rights of any State of this
Union in regard to any institution she may see
fit to keep up and maintain. I never have; I am
willing that they may have it. I have said it be-
fore, and I say it now. If it is a blessing, let
them bless themselves with it; if it is a curse, let
them stagger under it; but I am not willing to
