788
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
or boundaries. It is almost impossible to as-
certain.
Mr. JONES. We have never acquired country
from the Indians without having bounds to it.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, I was on?e more
familiar with these questions than I am now, by
far. The status of our relations with the Indians,
in respect to all questions of this description, is
totally changed since 1834, when we passed the
intercourse act. There were then well defined
lines and boundaries; our Indian tribes, that were
expected to be brought under the regulations of
. that act,were not wild and roving; they were tribes
who had well defined limits; they had settlements,
and were, in some degree, addicted to civilization
and cultivation. We were not exposed to the
rovmg bands who roam over the immense expanse
of territory that intervenes between the States and
organized Territories beyond the Mississippi, and
the States and Territories of the Pacific.
Latterly, a different state of things has existed.
I have thought, from the time we acquired New
Mexico and California, that the policy of this in-
tercourse law could not bo made applicable with
any justice to the Government or Treasury of the
United States, in the real state of things that would
eXi^t there. Why, sir, JN'ew Mexico alone, when
We consider the character of the Indians who sur-
round it oil all sides, with a loose construction of
this law, unless it be rigorously administered,
would absorb half the Treasury of the United
States; and I am told the claims from that quarter
amount to near a million dollars The terms upon
which these payments are to be made usually are,
that the depredations must hove been committed
on persons lawfully 111 the territory of the Indians.
Wheie is the Indian territory now where it ran
be said the provisions of this law apply, excluding
the emigrant trains that pass t!iron«h"in every di-
rection? Is not that law applicable to every"em-
igrant train that sets out from the western Imrders
of the settlements now In the Slat™ and Ten-bu-
ries west of' the Mississippi, for California and
Oregon > Whatever route ihey choose to pursue,
is it not in Indian country ? and aie they not law-
fully there? The mails that are earned through
these Territories are lawfully there.
My attention was particularly directed to this
subject upon an application that was laid before
the Committee on Indian Allairs at the last ses-
sion, claiming some seventy or eighty thousand
dollais for horses and mules alleged to have been
stolen, by patties of Indians said tu he in amity
with the United States, from the contractors on the
overland route to California, from some point on !
the western part of iVhs.-souii. The committee, 1
believe, by unanimous vote, rejected the applica-
tion; and yet upon no very clear, well defined
grounds of reason and authonty; for there was
the Indian intercourse law still standing unre- !
pealed. These claimants alleged that they had
^ not pursued the Indians; made no lepiisals; did
notscek to reeuptnio their property at the expense
of the peace of the Indians. It is difficult to tell
who are amicabh1 Indians and wiio are hostile In-
dians in these extensive plains.
I am informed by the Senator from Vermont
that there is no territory now that is not included ,
within the Indian mtetcourse law. We have
treaties with a \ariety of Indian tribes that we
know from actual occurrence have not observed
their treaties at all. There is no limitation within
the period of ten yeais when, foi any depredntiun
committed on emigrant trains or mail conti actors,
if they can show within the period of tinee years ,
that their property has been taken; that'"then-
teams have been stolen or destroyed by pai ties of
Indians; it theyeanshow that they vveie attached
to or boie tlio cognomen of any particular Indian ;
tribe, parties cannot have indemnity under the :
Indian intercourse law. ;
In view of the altered condition of the Indian
territory, wholly changed since the enactment ,
of the law, it is becoming a burden on the Treas-
ury too great to be borne. Why, sir, what is to
preventconmvan.ee in the Territoiy of New Mex-
ico, for example; The docks that constitute the
principal wealth of the inhabitants m the valley
of the Rio Crrande there are exposed to the dep- ,
reflations of tile wandering Indian tribes—I mean i
the wild tribes, as distinguished from the Puebla j
Indians; and it may become a matter of interest1
and speculation with them to expose them to be 1
driven off into the fastnesses of the mountains; I
and upon the plea that they have not thought
proper to pursue them, or recapture them, or
endanger the frontier, they may call upon the
United States for the value that is set upon them,
j I do not know, I am not intimately acquainted,
with the present state of the questions that have
arisen under this Indian-intercourse law; but I
have been informed generally that the claims are
enormous; that there is some million and a half
of dollars of unsettled claims of this description
now existing against the Treasury of the United
States.
I can easily see that gentlemen who represent
•States bordering on Indian settlements, feel tena-
cious of the rights and of the advantages and ben-
efits that may be derived under the Indian inter-
course law, and' from the observance of it. I can
easily see that in well-settled communities, where
there is a well defined border between the white
! settlers and the Indian tribes adjoining them, it is
of eminent utility in preserving the peace m those
! particular localities. I do not blame the honora-
i ble Senators who represent those localities for
j insisting upon the observance and retention of the
, Indian intercourse law among the statutes of the
| country; but it becomes a different question when
; you look to the responsibility of tilts Govern-
mcnt, and the burden tbiown on the Treasuty
for the millions and hundreds of millions of acres
of lands that aie exposed to depredations; and it
is all perfectly lawful; the emigration from the
western limits is not unlawful.
Mr. COLLA.MER.. They have no light to go
there, unless we please to allow them.
Mr. I51CLJL.. They do it, however.
IMr. COLL AM Ell. Yes, they doit.
Mr. BELL. They do it. What right have
we to authorize the mails to be earned in that
Territoiy? 1 do not sec any distinction. They
have the authority of this Government. What
1 mean to say is, that under the provisions of the
intercourse law. those who carry the mails are
lawfully within the Indian country; that is, they
have a law of the United States authorizing them
to go there, and it' their property is destroyed,
and then teams aie stolen from them, they can
come upon the Uoverunient of the United States
for reclamation. 1 remember that at the last ses-
sion, I called the attention of the honoiable Seu-
atoi uoin Vngiiua to a letter that was written bv
the Pofttuiu.'tui' Gtnerai, which, if accepted an'd
sanctioned by Congress, would have made the
Government ot the United States responsible for
every depiedation upoir, for every loss of pro-
perl}' incurred in the carrying of the oveiland
mails; and moivovir, the parties contiacting to
carry the mails would have been entitled to the full
compensation which was stipulated for, though
they might not have earned liali'adozen mails in
the couise til' a year.
All the.se suggestions have occuned to me cas-
ually , noticing the few facts that have been hi ought
to niv attention. I would be very glad to have
some stipulation to indemnify for Indian depre-
dations upon the well-defined boundariestif pub-
lic lands, and to protect settlers exposed to the
deputations of Indian tribes, if we could discrim-
inate them from the great mass of territory lying
beyond them. 1 should like to see tftat done, but
I do not see how it is possible. Therefore I am
disposed to vote f'oi the amendment as it is.,
Mr. JOiN'ES. I propose to amend the amend-
ment by adding this proviso:
l I'mnrlcd further. That tlii-j section sbatl not apply to
tlio.i [i.iii.ot;* nt Uie states and Toimoues to winch thu
liitliaa uile lias been extinguished.
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid the effect of that
proviso will he to annul what the finance Com-
mittee have offered. 1 hope, if the Senate should
be of opinion that we ought to repeal that liabil-
ity, they will do so in the terms of the original
amendment. If they are against it, let us vote
that down; but I hope this proviso will not be
adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on concurring in the amendment made m
Committee of the Whole.
Tile amendment was concurred in.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is an-
other amendment, made as in Committee of the
Whole, which was reserved at the suggestion of
the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan.] It was
to strike out the third section of the bill,.in the
following words:
"Sec. 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the amounts
hereby appropuated for the payment of theMiamis of Kan-
sas and the Mjamis of Indiana shall be paid in conformity
to the fiist proviso of the first amendment to the fourth
article ot the Senate amendment to the treaty with the
Mi amis of 5th June, 1&>4, and not otherwise: Provided,
however, That no portion of the money heiebv appropriated
shall he expended in any way otherwise than as piovided
for m this act."
Mr ■•HARLAN. The amendment proposed by
the Committee on Finance stiikes out the clause
in the bill as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, which repealed a section of the appro-
priation bill of the last session, which, it is thought,
comes in direct conflict with the treaty existing
between the Government of the United States and
the Indians in the State of Indiana. The amend-
ment of the Senate to the treaty to winch refer-
ence is made in the section is as follows:
Provided, Thai no persons other than those embraced
in {lie corrected list agreed upon by the Mianns of Indiana,
in presence of the Commissioner of Indian -Afiairs, m June,
1854, compiling tnree hundred and two names as Miami
j Indians ol Indiana, and the mcrea^ of the families, of the
j peifotirf embraced in said coireeted list, shall he recipients
I of the payments, annuities, commutation moneys, andm-
i torost, heiHiy stipulated to be paid to the Miami Indians of
I Indiana, unless other pciaaua shall be added to said list by
! the consent of the said Mi am" Indians of Indiana, obtained
i in council, according to the custom of the Miami tribe of
| Indians."
j A section of the Indian appropriation bill of the
I last .session of Congress provides that other per-
l sons, whose names were not on this corrected
i list, shall receive a portion of the annuity. Con-
j giess has, by this clause of an appropriation-bill,
! provided that other persons of Miami blood shall
| receive annuities than those agreed on in the treaty
\[ between the Government of the United States and
lj the Ind'fms, without having consulted the Indian
11 tribe, without having received their assent. It
>! reads as follows :
ij '' Src 3. Jln.l be it fuithcr enacted, That the Secretary
j! of the lute nor be. and ho is hojeliv. authorized and directed
to pay to -nich prisons or Miami blood us have neretoiore
li been excluded fiom the annuities or' the tube since the re-
(j mmvj of' !Ih' Mi.iini- m and Mnee the treaty of 1854,
ar.d whoso names aie nor mehuh'd m the supplement to
■I said tieatv, then piopomon of the tubal annuities from
t; which they have been tweiuded ''
;j Thereby cnablmga large number of persons to
'! come m and receive a proportion of anntyties that
were expressly excluded by this amendment to
;j the treaty proposed by the Senate of the United
Suites, and agreed to by the chiefs of this tribe,
by which the Government of the United States
ij agree that these moneys shall be paid to the per-
ls sons who'are named, and to none others, unless
j the previous assent of the tribe shall be-secured.
;i I believe I have clearly stated'the point, and
11 this is all I propose to do. I have notified the
j! Senator from Indiana that I would male? this mo-
|: tion at the request of a member of the House of
li Ii'jpiesentatives; and I leave thcquestion with the
•! Senate.
I| Mr. FITCH. This is a mere local matter,
ij pertaining: exclusively to a small remnant of the
ji Miami tribe of Indians, in Indiana. No other
j! Indians have anything to do with it. I do not
j: know that it is worth white for me to answer the
] statement made by the Senator from Iowa. If
ij he had looked closely into what he calls the treaty,
, j he would have found tliat the provision which he
;> read was not part of the treaty, but a mere agree-
j| ment between the Senate and certain Indians.
II There was a division among those Indians. One
'i party came here representing themselves and their
,! own interest, and not representing the other por- .
'! tion; they did not come here in their tribal capa-
i | city, for the tribal capacity of the nation was then,
11 and is now, entirely west of the Mississippi river;
11 but they came here as individuals, and made an
arrangement by which certain of their own people
were to be excluded from their portion of the an-
nuities. Those people had drawn annuities pre-
viously, had been parties to treaties, had been
recognized by repeated treaties and acts of Con-
gress as Miamis, and they very naturally com-
plained of this action. It is a sufficient answer to
the Senator to say that the Indian bureau have
investigated it, and the Committee on Indian
Affairs have investigated it, and the Committee
on Finance have looked into it, and you have the
concurrent opinion of all three that this section of
the House bill should be struck out. I trust,
therefore, the action of the Finance Comtntuee
will be sustained.
