1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
167
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Benjamin.
Senate.
but or.e million five hundred thousand; our pop-
ulation is thirty million, speaking in round num-
bers; wo have twenty times her population, and
yet her people are subjected to exactions amount-
ing to over twenty million dollars per annum.
That ratio of taxation, if levied on our people,
would produce, in twelve months, more than
four hundred million dollars; in six months would
buy the island; and yet we are told that it will
over-tax the energies and paralyze the future of
this great country to purchase the island, when
the submission of our people for six months alone
to the rate of taxation which is perpetual with
them, will suffice for the purchase of the entire
fee-simple.
Why, Mr. President, talk to us, when a great
national object like this is in view, of the cost of
$200,000,000, even admitting that so extravagant
a sum could be thought of? Talk to us of the cost
of §200,000,000 as something from which we are
to recoil as the germ of a future national burden
which the people will refuse to bear! Why, sir,
collect the slightest and paltriest tax upon the rich
commerce that pours past that very Moro castle
which we are to purchase; the smallest contribu-
tion upon that commerce will pay it in a very few
years. Cuba herself will pay it for us. Cuba
herself, in ten years, would pay back the whole
amount at the present rate of taxation, and then
her people would be relieved forever from the ex-
actions now imposed on tbom.
I concede, Mr. President, that it is a matter of
exceeding difficulty to fix a sum in advance which
is to form the basis of a bargain between a for-
eign country and our own, for a cession of sov-
ereignty over a colonial possession; but I think
that the time may come, I think the time will come,
I think that the time must come, when 110 volition
will be left to Spain; when she will be compelled
to sell; and I would have the President of the
Confederacy armed with the power to take ad-
vantage of the opportunity when it shall occur.
We are asked why it is we wish to give the
President of the United States control of this sum
in advance? Wo respond by pointing to the ac-
quisition of Louisiana, and to the propositions
made for the treaty of peace with Mexico. The
honorable Senator from Kentucky admits the
appropriateness of the citation of the'Louisiana
example, but says the circumstances were differ-
ent. Ay, sir,-the circumstances were different;
but who can look into the futuic for six months
only, and say that the circumstances will not be-
come identical? How happened it, that, when
our negotiators in conference with the French
Emperor, proposed the acquisition simply of an
outlet at the mouth of the Mississippi, of the
right of depot for western goods at the city of
New Orleans, they were astounded by the sudden
proposal by Napoleon to sell all Louisiana. They
could not account for it. They could not divine
his motives. The Emperor said, " take it; take
the territory; 1 want you to have it; you are the
proper owners; geographically it is a part of your
Union'." Afterwards, however, when the facts
became known, it turned out that the sale was
made because the province was about to be torn
from the grasp of the Emperor by the naval power
of GreatBritain. It turned out that Napoleon
was on the eve of declaring war, and feared that
he would lose the colony at all events, and it was
better to receive $15,000,000 to assist him in car-
rying on the war with England, than to lose the
colony without any remuneration whatever. He
made the proposition, and Louisiana became ours.
Who is there that is prepared to. say to-day
that Spain is secure from an eventuality like this !
within the next six or twelve months? Who shall j
say that she has any security or guarantee for the j
continuation of peace with all the other nations of 1
Europe; that to-morrow the despot will notinvolve j
her in hostilities with Russia or with England ? I
Who can tell that hostilities have not already
broken out in Europe; that events have not al-
ready occurred, which may make it necessaryfor 1
the Spanish Cabinet to abandon their lofty tone,
and to cede the island for a consideration to a
friend, rather than to have it snatched from them
by an enemy? Sir, if the time shall come, if the
opportunity shall occur, the President of the Uni-
ted States has told us that he will seize the occa-
sion for negotiating for the transfer of Cuba. The :
passage of this bill will advance this object: first,
as an expression of congressional approval of his
purpose; and secondly, by furnishing him with
the means of rendering his negotiation effective.
If we refuse its passage, on us will rest the re-
sponsibility offailure in a purpose which I believe
to be earnestly desired by the American people.
Now, sir, the Congress may say if they please,
and as the Senator from Kentucky proposes we
should say, we will not trust the President with
this money lest it should tarnish his honor; "we
will not trust the President with the control over
this sum of money for this great national purpose,
because the purity of his official robes must not
be exposed to spot or stain." But, Mr. President,
I trust that no American Senator seriously enter-
tains such fears—I trust that the time has not yet
come in which there is a single Representative of
the American people that will hesitate to confide
to the Chief Magistrate of the nation the disposal
of a sum of dollars for national purposes, lest the
national honor should be tarnished by his misap-
propriation of the fund. There is 110 danger, sir;
there can be none. The Senator from Kentucky
does not mean to say that there is any, and yet—
unless his language is carefully revised by him-
self when his speech goes out—he will find that
this insidious construction may be given to his
language; a construction which we, who hear him,
would not think of attaching to it. He didnotmean
that, and yet I repeat, if he examines the exact
tenor of his remarks, he will find that they are
susceptible of being perverted into bearing such
a construction.
A few words more, Mr. President, in relation
to some other of our foreign affairs. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky went into these matters at so
great length, embraced so vast a scope in his re-
marks, that it is impossible, at this late hour, to
answer all that lie said. I want to say something
in relation to the Central American States, to
Mexico, and to the weaker States upon our own
continent. The Senator asks why it is, and how
it is, that the generous and affectionate confidence
with which we were formerly regarded by all
the Hispano-American colonies has disappeared;
how it is that we are wrangling with one, quar-
reling with another, and getting up an account to
be collected from a third; whereas, in foimer
times, wc were upon terms of amity, pcacc, and
good will.
Well, Mr. President, I am sorry to say that
the truth in regard to the present state of facts
is very nearly as the Senator has depicted it; but
whose is the fault' Have we ever encroached
upon these Central American Powers m any way
or shape? Have we ever wronged their citizens
or even affronted their Governments? In 1820,
1822, 1823, 1825, duiing the whole period of the
revolutions of the South American colonics, they
regarded us with respect and affection, and the
Senator has given the reason. It is that they had
from us aid, sympathy, succor. It is that the
first voice of civilized man elevated in behalf of
their independence was raised by the illustrious
predecessor of the Senator himself.
How has all that been changed ? It is because
at that day England was heartily united with us
in protecting and secuiing these infant people, in
lifting them up, in supporting their childhood,
smoothing the paths of their youth, and endeav-
oring to make them progress with rapid steps to
the maturity of manhood, so that they might take
their place among the family of nations. Mr.
Canning proposed to us to join England in assist-
ing them. The two nations were pursuing the
same line of policy. Hand in hand they went,
and the blessings of liberty smiled upon the peo-
ple protected by these, the only twofiee Powers
of the earth.
But, sir, after the independence of those people
had been acquired; after this perfect good will and
cordial understanding between Great Britain and
the United States had called them into existence,
what next occurred ? Years passed away, and the
young giant of this Republic had filled out his
limbs, and his sinews had become stout and strong;
he had a quarrel with a neighboring Republic
and his prowess startled the eyes of the civilized
world, and the European Powers began to look
around and say what will this power one day be?
where will it stop? how shall we stay it? And
then the British people, forgetful of the ties of
kindness, and of the common freedom of insti-
tutions which distinguishes the two countries,
sought strange alliances with an " old lieredltafy
enemy across the channel, and these two foreign
Powers undertook to administer to the ambition of
each other. They undertook, in the pride of their
power, to regulate, by common accord, matters qn
both sides of the Atlantic; and then British emis-
saries interfered with American diplomatic agents
in every land and upon every sea of this conti-
nent. I met them down on the Andes. I met
them in the city of Q,uito, under the equator. I
had gone there myself on business; and there I
found your American charge d'affaires making a
treaty of commerce with the Republic of Ecuador,
and the French and English charges d'affaires
making protests against tbis arrogant assumption
of the United States, in daring to make a treaty of
commerce with Ecuador, without their consent.
They wanted to know what it was. Theywanted
to be consulted about it; they wanted to forbid it,
if it did not please them.
Again, in the miserable Island of San Domingo
we wanted a coal-depot in a bay; it had been
granted to us by the Dominican Republic; bpt
the French and English consuls interfered and
prevented the grant, although the President of the
Republic was perfectly willing to accord it. So,
sir, on all sides, by a continued series of petty vex-
ations everywhere we have gone, the impertinent
agents of France and England have been before
us to impede the national progress and .to insult
our national pride. They have spread jealousies
in the minds of these people of the Central Amer-
ican States, they have prevented advantageous
arrangements, they have insinuated doubt of our
motives, and they have done all that they could
to sow the seeds of jealousy and ill will between
our sister Republics on this continent and our-
selves.
This, Mr. President, is the true source, the chief
source, almost the only source, of the ill feeling
now existing between the Central American States
and us. It is true there are some other causes
which have contributed; but none through our
fault. This unfortunate Hispano-American race
is incompetent to self-government. Wherever
they have tried it, they have had revolution, strife,
and civil disorders. The people do not know how
to yield to the will of a majority. The leaders all
seem to be actuated by the sole desire of arriving
at place and power, and making themselves rich
on contributions exacted from the population.
The consequence is, you see one revolutionary
chief after another enforcing exactions, and amass-
ing riches, which are acquired at the expense of
the people. You see insurgent parties rising and
devastating the land; you see the highways ob-
structed by public robbers; you see disorder and
confusion in what were once orderly and prosper-
ous countries. It has also happened that some of
these insurgent parties have sought the aid of
Anglo-Saxon arms and Anglo-Saxon valor, for
the purpose of securing their owr. triumph over
an adversary. Thus was Walker originally in-
vited into Nicaragua; and thus, too, in other parts
of the continent, have American adventurers pen-
etrated, with a view to improve their own personal
condition, and, perhaps, also to spread our polit-
ical institutions. All these last-mentioned causes
are the natural growth of events; they all exist
entirely independent of us; and I do not think that
the Senator from Kentucky is justifiable in im-
puting, even by implication, the causes of this
changed state of our relations to the administra-
tion of the Federal Government.
But, sir, wo arc told that the war power is to
be abandoned by Congress; that the President
asks and we propose to give him authority to de-
clare war, or what is equivalent to war; and then
the Senator from Kentucky, with his habitual
eloquence, appeals to all the nobler sentiments of
our natures, and says to us, "Will the American
people wage war upon these petty Powers? Is it
consistent with their magnanimity to use force
upon these miserable weak people?" "Oh!" he
says, "let us take the ancient motto of the re-
publican Roman; let us choose his motto, debel-
lare supeibos; let us wage war upon the proud."
He did not carry out the quotation, which told
him,parcer< suhjecth—to spare none but those who
