1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
789
Mr. HARLAN. I understand the chairman of
the Finance Committee to say that he knew not*
on what ground this section in the bill, as it came
from the House of Representatives, had been
adopted; it was in effect- repealing a clause of a
previous appropriation bill; and my attention
having been called to the subject by a member of
the House of Representatives, on looking at the
law I thought he was clearly right. I think the
view of the Senator from Indiana is wrong in his
supposition that the clause I have read is no part
of the treaty. I have it before me, and under the
heading " Amendments to the treaty, article
four," the following will be found: "Strike out
the following words," which are rccited, con-
tained in the body of the treaty, " and insert the
following words in lieu of the words so stricken
« out;" and then come the words which I read.
This having been adopted by the Senate and
agreed to by the chiefs of the tribe then here pres-
ent, became, as I suppose,a part of the treaty, and
being a part of the treaty, if is a bargain between
the Government of the United States and these
Indians which cannot, it seems to me, be properly
repealed without the consent of the tribe.
Mr. HUINTER. I will only state that the Sen-
ator is mistaken m supposing the committee did
not exarqine the argument on both sides as well
as they could. The Senator from tudiana is about
to state the argument, I ha've no doubt, the one
upon which .we acted. We believed that that
supplemental article was made with a part of the
tribe, and not with the whole; and the Govern-
ment-'has actcd upon that supposition, and paid
away $27,000. That, I suppose, will have to be
refunded, if the construction put upon it in the
House of Representatives should prevail.
Mr. FITCH. I do not wish to prolong this
matter; it is really not of sufficient importance,
and I have no feeling in itatall. The Represent-
ative in the lower House, from the district where
the most of the Miamis to be benefited by the
amendment of the last session reside, is anxious
that it should be retained; in other words, that
the present action of the House of Representa-
tives on this subject should be non-concurred in
by the Senate. The action of the Indian Commit-
tee at the last session was based on an elaborate
report from the Indian bureau, stating that these
people were Miamis, and ought to be restored,
in accordance with that report the Indian Com-
mittee of last session acted. I presume that re-
port was not before the House; the House knew
nothing about it, or doubtless it would not have
taken this action.
The chairman of the Committee on Finance is
correct in saying that the-clause which has been
read is not an amendment to the treaty. It is a mere
agreement' between the Government and certain
individual Miamis, who were not recognized in the
treaty as delegates, but were here as individuals,
by which they proposed to exclude some of their
osvn people for their own individual benefit, be-
cause all the money from which their own people
were so excluded they became the recipients of.
Th«se people, thus excluded, recognized as Mi-
amis by the treaty of 1838, and by subsequent
joint resolutions of Congress, and by other action,
the recipients of annuities for many years, were
excluded by these individuals for the benefit of
their own band. Of course, those excluded came
here to Congress, and asked that they should be
allowed their just dues. Well, if Congress does
not allow them the money, the treaty stipulations
- by which they are entitled are so plain that they
will be here year after year, importuning you to
pay them directly nutof the Treasury the money
you have wrongfully paid to those other Indians.
Th's is the whole sum and substance of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to state, for my-
self, that I examined this matter very carefully.
1 came to the conclusion that the proposition of
the House of Representatives ought to be re-
jected. Our committee were unanimous on the
subject, and came to the conclusion, in fact, that
this subsequent provision, by which it is now
claimed that a portion of the tribe should be ex-
cluded was fraudulent in fact, and that the plain
course of duty was to restore their names, and
pay them their money.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. CLINGMAN. With the approbation of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, the amendment
which was offered yesterday, and then ruled out
of order, has been modified so as to come within
the rule of order. It wili read in this way:
For carrying into effect the twenty-fourth scction of
the civil and diplomatic act of March 3, 1855, ttie sum of
$1,9,045 71) as estimated by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs.
This will correspond exactly with that section,
and I believe it is satisfactory, on the point of
order, to the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. HUNTER. But the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs cannot estimate to us. The diffi-
culty is, whether it is not making it identical with
the amendment presented yesterday; but by leav-
ing out those words as to an estimate, and making
it merely to carry outthe law, it is in order.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I will leave those words
out of this amendment; and 1 will state frankly
my reason for inserting them. Some years ago
I got through an appropriation, not without some
difficulty, to pay some persons. The Commis-
sioner, Mr. Manypenny, delayed it a year or
two; and finally he found some persons in Ala-
bama to whom it would apply, but who never
were thought of at the time the appropriation was
made, and he paid it to them I desired, there-
fore, as these cases were adjudicated and exam-
ined, and were right in themselves, that there
might be nothing m the amendment that would
justifyany one in taking advantage of the appro-
priation for certain things and applying to others.
I do not believe the present Commissioner would
do it; but, if it is agreeable, I will offer the amend-
ment without those last words, trusting to Provi-
dence.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. While I occupied the
floor yesterday, it occurred to me that there was
another proviso which ought to be added to the
amendment'which has been adopted on the mo-
tion of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Bell,]
transferring the Indian bureau from the Interior
to the War Department. I now propose this pro-
viso, to come in at the close of the clause provid-
ing for thnj. transfer:
Provided, That the Secietary of Wai may detail officer# >
of the Aimy to perfoim any duty as. a^nts lot the Indian ;
tnbe>:  lnd provided further. That the administration of j
lands, the title of which is derived fiom any Indian treaty, 1
s-iwill he ?t.m->feircd to the Commissionon of the Goneial :
Land Office \
The amendment sufficiently explains itself. '
The object of it is to retain the administration of
lands in the Land •Office", instead of committing a
portion of it to the Indian bureau—a change in
the law which ought to be made, whether the
office be transferred, or n<St. Frequent controver-
sies arise between the two offices; and it appears i
to be more consistent with propriety that the i
Land Office should have the administration of all i
the public lands, whether derived from public
law, or through the force of Indian treaties. The
other portion of the proviso is a mere addition to
make the provision effectual.
Mr. DAVIS. I think there is great propriety
in the second >lause of the proviso; but the first
is very objectionable. It would seem to be quite
improper to give the Secretary of War power to |
detail officers of the Army to perform the duties '!
of Indian agents. It is a very delicate and highly j!
responsible function. The large amount of money ij
which we expend upon the Indian tribes, and
their inability to take care of themselves, render |i
it peculiarly the field for fraud. Those officers
should be appointed by and with the advice and e
consent of the Senate. j!
Moreover, it would be quite impossible for the |l
Secretary of War to detail officers of the Army ''
to perform such functions, without interfering ij
with those duties which are legitimate to the of- u
fice they hold—service with troops. You can- ;
not expect an officer, for a short time stationed j
in the midst of an Indian tribe, to learn the char- ji
acter of the Indians, oi to acquire their confidence. ;
It would be needful that he should be* long among
them: and if he was the character of officer best i
qualified for the duties of agenf, lie would be ex- I;
netly such an officer as could not be spared from n
Ins duty with the troops, particulaily if the troops
were inquired to move from thai station. Under
the. existing law, if the bureau be transferred so
j as to get that harmony of coaction and cointelli- :
I gence which is desirable, the officers commanding ,1
I at frontier posts, will, ill many cases, perform the i!
duties of Indian agents; and I think' that it will
result that some sub-agents now employed will be
found unnecessary, and others which would 'be
created under a separate administration of the De-
partment will piobably never be required. There
will be some economy in that respect; but it will
not do to .look to the Army for the supply of agents
or sub-agents. Those officers must be appointed
from their peculiar qualifications. Sometimes.it
is found that a raan who has resided long among
the Indians, who has their habits, and .sympa-
thizes with them, yet has such elevation of char-
acter as to be a reliable agent of the Government,
by his appointment can control them to an extent
which would be impossible if the agents were con-
stantly changing.
On the other "hand, I admit there has been a
great deal of abuse; and men who know nothing
of Indians have been appointed to such trusts.
It has ever been the habit to play practical jokes
upon them on the frontiers, when they came out.,,
on account of their total ignorance of Indians and
Indian character. We shall correct this to some
extent, I think, by the control which the Secre-
tary of War will have over the bureau, if it tie
transferred to that Department; and that is as far
as it is safe to go. Anything beyond that would
result in injury to the administration of Indian
affairs, or else be an injury to the Army so great
that you could not expect any Secretary, admin-
istrating the Department for the good of the Army,
to select the officers as contemplated by this pro-
viso.
Mr. BELL. I will ask the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, if he is aware what is the amoant of
duty required to be performed by nine tenths of
our Indian agents in the interior' Is it anything
more than to attend to the distribution of the an-
nuities annually, or semi-annually, aecording to
circumstances ?
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot answer the question in
fractions as to nine tenths, or three fourths, or'
one half. There arc some agents and sub-agents,
who have not only that intercourse to which the
Senator refers, Mil who have charge of agricul-
ture and of schools established amongst the In-
dians, and of blacksmiths' shops for  he repair of
their guns and tools.
Mr. BELL. Those arc Indians that have de-
fined boundaiies,and are cultivated more or less.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, among the nomadic tribes,
an agent, now dead—and I do not know that we
shall ever get his like agawi — Fitzpatrick, the
mountaineer, had a control over those roving In-
dians; attended to their wants; understood their
habits; could solve things which otherwise would
have been unintelligible m relation to the aqfsof
these Indians. He spent his time among them;
his influence over them was most beneficial to
the Indians, and highly profitable to the United
States. I grant you, there are many of them
worthless; many of- them who might bedispensed
with, and that a reduction ought to be made, but
not in such a sweeping form. Let it progress
with caution. Reforms are apt to fail if they
are too suddenly attempted. Put it in train, bring
it in connection with those who will give reliable
information; then learn where the agents arc un-
worthy, learn where they are unnecessary, and
act upon the iniormation after you have obtained
it. 1 object to the first clause of the proviso.
Mr. FITCH. In response to the inquiry of
the Senator from Tennessee, who has well re-
marked, on one occasion'to-day, that he formerly
knew much more of this Department tha-n he
does now, I beg leave to state to him that there
are duties peftaming to the Indian agents, and
some of them very onerous duties too, aside
from the annual or semi-annual payments they
are required to make. With very many Indian
tribes, our treaties create an agricultural fund and
a school fund, which are to be disbursed either
under theinstruction of the Department or under
regulations defined in the treaties themselves, by
the resident agent. In the expenditure of these
funds he is required to keep a farmer, one, two,
three, ormore; he is required to maintain schools.
It will be perceived, at once, that the discharge
of those duties requires his frequent, if not his
constant attention, and such duties could hot be
discharged by an officer of the Army unless he
resigned his commission and devoted himself
exclusively to Indian business.
The second branch of this proviso is as erro-
