168
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Crittenden.
Senate.
were obedient. We take neither one uor the other
half of the motto for ourselves. We wage no war
upon people because they are proud; we refuse to
spare none because they refuse to be subject. We
pursue the even tenor of our own path, upholding
the rights of our own citizens. The rights of Amer-
ican citizens are daiiy outraged in these countries.
Their persons are attacked; their liberties are in-
fringed; their property is confiscated; and where,
where will the Senator find redress? Is it in
our debates here? Have we not talked enough ?
Have you not got upon your table, sir, claims
for $100,000,000 against these petty States that
th§ Senator would treat with such tender com-
miseration? How arc you ever going to sget at
them ? You speak of their being weak and feeble,
and therefore that magnanimity ought to induce
us to spare them !
.Mr. President, this is an age of abuse of weak-
ness more than of abuse of power. This nation
has ensured wrongs and insults from the sister
people of this hemisphere that it never would have
endured for half an hour from the proudest and
the strongest nation of the Old World. What, sir \
have we not seen oui citizens murdered when en-
deavoring to cross a peaceful transit, where the
right to pass is guarantied by treaty; and have
we not been years and years in obtaining a bare
acknowledgment of responsibility from New
Granada? Have we not seen rival factions con-
tending for superiority in the Republic of Mex-
ico, and each in turn seizing the first American
citizen that passed in their way, placing their
grasp on his collar, and forcing military service
upon him, unless he puichased immunity with
his money? Have wc not seen them put their
hands upon his property, and confiscate it to the
public use, without the semblance of authority?
And where has been ourredress ? We have talked,
and talked, and talked again. When have we
acted? When shall we act, unless the Executive
arm is clothed with some power by which he can
exact redress upon the spot, subject, of course, to
rendering an account to the people of the nation,
assembled in Congress, for the exmcise of the
special power with which we are called upon to
invest him ?
I had the honor to offer a substitute for the bill
reported by the Committer on Foreign Relations
on that subject. They proposed to limit the Ex-
ecutive right of interference to outrages upon the
person, I propose to extend it to outrages upon
property also.
This is not a war power that we seek to give
the President. He has no right to declare war;
but he has a right to demand instant redress for
a wrong done to one of ourcitizcns; and the mo-
ment he has got the redress for that particular
wrong, to retire.
Why, sir, is it not a lamentable spectacle in
the eyes of the civilized world that we are pre-
senting to-day ? Here, rightin our Gulf, right op-
posite our ports and harbor*, wc have a Republic
that owes our citizens millions of money, that
has commuted outrages on them by the hundred.
The President proposes (1 must confess I do not
agree with him in the remedy) to seize and hold
Sonoru and Chihuahua. I do not believe myself
that that is the best remedy; but the President
proposes to seize them The Senator from Ken-
tucky objects only on the ground that wo ought not
so to act towards a weak Power; and urges that,
notwithstanding all our claims,all the unredressed
injuries to the persons and property of our citi-
zens, we should lefram from action, whilst the
combined Jleefs of Prance and England, carrying
out Lord Clarendon's declaration of their policy,
are now lying off the port of Vera Cruz, putting
down by their combined power the constitutional
party of that Republic, interfering for the benefit
of the prieUly party, and imposing upon the au-
thorities of the port a tariff to suit the interests
of these two Powers. France and England have
none of these scruples of commiseration for weak
nations, but send a combined fleet and extort
from Mexico not simply redress for wrongs, but
payment of money duo on contract; and we—we
are to be the only Power on earth who are to be
satisfied with whatsornebody the other day called
gab, gab, gab. That is to be our only satisfac-
tion.
Now, sir, I am for giving the President power
to protect the citizens of the nation; and I will
give him the greater power, too, and with the
more readiness, in proportion to the distance of
the aggressor, and to his fancied security in the
strongholds of his locality. The Senator from
Kentucky tells us that it was beneath the dignity
of the nation to organize the expedition against
Paraguay; and he compares the Paraguayan Gov-
ernment to an Indian tribe, with John Ross for
its chief. Weil, sir, this miserable Indian tribe,
with a John Ross for its chief, is, in reality, a ter-
ritory, of eighty thousand square miles, inhabited
by a population exceeding a million in number,
and with a Government, in the hands of a race of
direct descendants from the northern provinces of
Spain. It is a petty Power, to be sure; but it is
not an Indian tribe. It is the white race that
owns Paraguay; it is the white race that is there
under the despotic sway of Lopez. This white
race undertook to cheat, as the Senator says, some
Yankees; and he seems to think that was rather
an impossible exploit. Well, admit that he did
not succeed: we are not waging war on him for
that; but because he ordered his fortifications to
fire, and they did fire, upon an armed national
vessel of the United States. They killed the
helmsman, at the wheel, with the stars and stripes
floating over his head as his protection, without
provocation, without explanation, on the simple
suggestion that our officers were sounding a river
within the limits of the jurisdiction of this man
Lopez, and against his permission. Instead of
sending to order them off; instead of sending a
force for the purpose of pieventing their continu-
ing their work, and threatening hostility if they
disobeyed his orders, within the territory over
which he claimed to have jurisdiction, the first
intimations wore balls fired into our peaceful
steamer, pursuing a scientific exploration, and
American citizens were killed under the protec-
tion of the flag of this country on one of its na-
tional vessels. It was done only because the ag-
gressor was far away; because he supposed he
was beyond the reach of the Fedeiul arm; and I
care not at what expense; I care not with what
sacrifice of blood, we vindicate this national in-
sult. In my judgment, sir, the nation would have
been dishouo.red and degraded, if it had not fitted
out an expedition to teach that distant despot that
wherever the American banner floats, the Amer-
ican seaman is protected under its folds.
That was the object for which the expedition
was fitted out; just, legitimate, and approved by
the American people; and it is no holiday war-
fare that they havegone to encounter. High upon
the bunks of the Paraguay and Parana rivers lie
the territories of the adversary; and the channel
is protected by fortifications which will have to
be forced if he shall offer resistance. The contest
is not so unequal, waged at such a distance against
an enemy so sheltered. But, sir, do we seek dif-
ficulties with him? Have any instructions been
given towage war upon him? No, sir; diplo-
macy had previously been employed; and even
now, the display of force is merely made to add
weight to the arguments of our envoy. If proper
rediess be given, and proper apology made for
the outrage done to the nation, our thundcis will
sleep, and our fleet peacefully will seek again the
shores of their country. It is only in the event
of the upholding and maintaining of the wrong
done by Paraguay, that hostilities will ensue; and,
if that wrong be upheld and maintained, I would
willingly appeal to the patriotic Senator from
Kentucky himself, to say whether wc should sub-
mit, or enforce redress.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. This ex-
planation has extended so late that I do not feel
disposed to go on to-night. I move thpt the Sen-
ate adjourn, that I may have the floor to-morrow.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 will give way. 1 was
satisfied already that I was pressing on the time
of the Senate. [" Oh, no." " Go on."]
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. I do not
wish to interrupt the Senator.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I hope to be permitted
to make a very few remarks.
Mr. THOMPSON, of Kentucky. With the
understanding that I have the floor in the morn-
ing, I give way to my colleague. I must certainly
be as courteous to him as I was to the Senator
from Louisiana.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, I did
nqt intend to state accurately and circumstantially
the difference between us and Paraguay. 1 thought
this chieftain and his half-barbarous people, liv-
ing in the distant and inhospitable region which
they inhabit, ought scarcely to have been con-
sidered as worthy to be regarded as insulting the
Government of the TJnited,States. That is all. I
thought this Government ought not to have given
itself much trouble or concern for what their ruler
might do—no more than if he were the chieftain
of an Indian tribe. I did not,pretend to compare
the number of his forces to those of the Indian
chief to whom I alluded. A few more or a few
less make very little difference in the considera-
tion of this point. They are semi-barbarous and
semi-savage. They know that the shedding of
blood is wrong; but as for those nice lines of na-
tional law which prescribe a course of duty and
the rights of strangers proceeding upon the waters,
I can very readily imagine that they are entirely
ignorant on that subject, and therefore 1 should
not be for applying any nice rule of exaction to
their conduct. Not that I value the blood of an
American ciri7en less, but because 1 would not
unnecessarily take offense at people of this de-
scription, and would not go far out of my way to
send armies and navies to avenge what is merely
called an insult. That is the way I regard it.
The Senator from Louisiana and I do not differ
so much as our words would seem to imp'ly, per-
haps. In regard to what I said of the sale and
puichase of the Cubans, the Senator understood
perfectly what I meant; he must have understood
it. I did not mean that we were buying them into
servitude as slaves. Nobody understood it so; but
here was one country to which the island belonged
as a part of her soveteignty, disposing of it to
another Power, without consulting its people.
May I not, without any misuse or abuse of lan-
guage, consider this as selling them ? We give a
price in money, and for that price in money a
foreign nation cedes to us a people that has not
been consulted by cither party about it. That is
selling, in a certain sense. It is not selling into the
bondage of African slavei&y, but it is putting them
under another jurisdiction without their consent.
It is selling the allegiance which they owe to their
mother country; it is selling that allegiance to a
stranger Government, without any voice or con-
sultation on their part. This is what I meant by
selling; and so, I presume, I was understood by
the honorable Senator from Louisiana,and eveiy
other Senator.
The Senator objects to other observations which
I made, and in particular to my objection to the
bill giving the President the power to use the land
and naval forces, as in his judgment he may think
proper, for the purpose, in the most effectual way,
of obtaining redress for such grievances as he has
specified. You apply it to small objects, you ap-
ply it for small objects, you apply it by the hand
of an executive officer. To be sine it is not war
against a great nation, but is it not war: Is it not
war which you delegate to the President of the
United States the power to make? I should think
the honorable gentleman would see it. He says
that our people must be protected; that we use
nothing but ineffectual and useless words: that
they are entitled to a practical redress and a prac-
tical protection, and they cannot get it; and let^us
give the President the power. Now, I ask the
honorable Senator from Louisiana to consider for
a moment how these doctrines, naturally as they
seem to arise in the mind, correspond with the
principle of our Government.
The person of an American citizen should be
sacred everywhere; he ought to receive protec-
tion against oil personnl violence; he ought to re-
ceive protection for his property; both his person
and his property ought to be respected, and the
shield of his American character and of his free-
dom as an American citizen ought to insure his
protection. But who are his protectors ? We,
his political representatives. Can we abdicate
that character? We stand here for the purpose of
protecting him; and that office, feebly as we may
execute it all of us, and inefficiently, as I fear, too
often, I will not consent, I cannot consent to ab-
dicate. He is entitled to protection, and we are
bound to give it to him. Let us do it. Are we
tired of the Constitution which has made us his
