790
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
neous as the first. The Land Office is always
hard upon Indian reservations and reservees, and
it is not the place for them to go. I do not now
speak of the officer, but of the office itself. That
is not the place for Indian reservations and Indian
reservees to go for impartial justice. They look,
and with propriety, to their own peculiar depart-
ment. If any conflict arises, let that Department
and the Land Office decide the question between
themselves, but do not leave the opposite party
to be^the sole umpire in such cases. The whole
proviso, I think, had better be dispensed with;
and, indeed, I reiterate what I said yesterday,
that I think we acted prematurely at present in
transferring the bureau at all.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In the last remark which
the Senator from Indiana made, a*s to the absence
of proper consideration in transferring this bu-
reau, 1 am half inclined to agree with him; but
now that we have agreed to transfer it, by what
I regard as a very decided vote of the Senate, I
think the amendment I have offered is very neces-
sary; and the Senator seems to have misappre-
hended it entirely. The language in the first part
of the proviso, to which the Senator from Missis-
sippi objects, is not directory in its character,
but is intended to apply to that very class of cases
where the War Department can detail an officer
without injury to the military service of the coun-
try. Where there are no resident Indian agents,
it merely authorizes, but does not en join on him,
to substitute a detail of Army officers. It does
not go to the extent of abolishing the whole corps
of Indian agents. On the contrary, my friend
from Indiana has well said, that there are a class
of Indian agencies, the duties of which cannot be !
performed by Army officers at all. :
Mr. DAVIS. Before the Senator passes from !
that point, I merely wish to say to him that, un-
der the existing law, the commanding officer will
perform the functions to which he refers; and the
commanding officer of the post is probably the
most reliable person who could be selected for the
temporary connection.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The obfect of that pro-
vision was to reach only the nomadic tribes with
whom there are very uncertain, or no treaty rela-
tions at all. There are many of the tribes on the
plains to whom, we have promised to deliver an-
nually largo presents and annuities, in the shape
of goods and other material objects, which are very
expeasive, and have to be transported by the In-
dian department. One object to be attained by
the transfer to the War Department was economy
in the delivery of annuities to the Indians on the
plains and about the foot of the Rocky Mountains.
The machinery which can be employed for that
purpose by the War Department, is always on
hand, andean be brought into requisition at much
smaller expense than by the Indian department,
So far as that claws of Indian tribes nre concerned,
I think it is much to be desired that the exclusive
performance of Indian treaties should be conlkled
to the War Department. They can employ the
personnel of that Department and its means for
transportation; and while it is always necessary
to have an escort, which is rarely, for want of
harmony between the Departments, furnished
now, it would be better to furnish the power to
the Secretary of War to employ his own officers,
who are under his own control, instead of resort-
ing to the Indian agents outside of the tribes, and
who do not reside within their limits. With re-
gard to those populous tribes who have large
money annuities on the frontier, I agiec that it is
better that the resident Indian agents, under the
direction of the superintendent, shdtald, as now
provided by law, pay their annuities, reside among
them, prevent the intrusion of trespassers, report
the results of their annual councils, and perform
all the other duties that, devolve by law upon an
agent of that character; but as to the class of
cases to which I have adverted, I think itis much
better that the discretionary authority should be
given to the Secretary of War to employ a detail
of his own officers where he thinks it will be pro-
ductive of useful results.
Then as to the second portion of the proviso,
to which the Senator from Indiana objects, that
is a provision to which the' Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs himself thinks is most important.
The Senator from Mississippi has spoken often
of the want of unity, intelligence, and concert and
harmonious action, between these two Depart-
ments. That is one of the strongest reasons for
transferring the Indian Office to the War Depart-
ment. I think I heard him once allude to some
very strong instance of the want of harmony and
concert of action between them. Now, i'n refer-
ence to the administration of the public lands, that
very same evil arises. There is a constant want
of concert, of a common intelligence in the ad-
ministration of the public lands of the Govern-
ment in the Indian Office and in the Land Office*,
and itis peculiarly proper that the Land Office
should have the administration of all the public
lands. If the duty is intrusted to them, I do not
£ee why they cannot as well interpret an Indian
treaty, and the rights which are to be acquired
under it; as the Commissioner of Indian AfFairs
himself. Now, there is always a contest between
these two officers.. The Senator from Indiana
says the Land Office is always after Indian re-
serves. The Commissioner of Indian Affairs, on
the contrary, probably takes an extreme view of
the rights of Indian reserves. The consequence
is, that there is a diversity of opinion; and that
diversity of opinion ought to be quieted by placing
the administration of that whole subject under the
same bureau chief. Then there will be uniform-
ity; and, if that uniformity runs in a wrong direc-
tion, there is the supervisory control of the Sec-
letary of the Interior.
Mr. SHIELDS. If the Commissioner of In-
dian Affair§ has recommended the adoption of
this second proposition, I should certainly be in-
clined to support it; but I agree with the honor-
able Senator from Indiana in regard to it.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator will allow
me to say, he has not given the official recom-
mendation of it; but I have often, in friendly un-
official conferences with him, mentioned it, and I
know it meets his approbation. Indeed, he was
the first to suggest it.
Mr. SHIELDS. I agree with the Senator from
Indiana; and my opinion is founded on some
knowledge of the bureau of public lands, and the
rules and regulations of that bureau, and the op-
eration of its machinery. Their abject is the set-
tlement and sale of the public lands,1'and they
labor for that; whereas the reservations that are
under the Indian office are generally much better
protected by the head of that bureau than by the
Commissioner of Public Lands. lie looks out
for the Indians, and I must say, from my expe-
neuce arid connection with those bureaus, that
the chicf of the Indian bureau has always taken
good care to watch the interests of the Indians,
and protect them, as far as possible, from tres-
passers. 1 think it isjwise to leave that matter
as it stands; to leave the Indian reservations, that
rue peculiarly and appropiiately the property of
the Indians, under the man whom the law places
there to protect their interests. I think that is
safer.
Now, in regard to the other proposition, the
lensouing of the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi has been so strong that 1 hardly think it is
necessary for me to say a single word,and I will
not prolong the debate. I am incBned to go for
placing the whole disposition of Indian affairs
under the War Department, fiom any experience
I have on the subject; but 1 certainly would not
go to favor this mixed jurisdiction, this inter-
mingling: of military officers with agents, thus
bringing the War Department and Interior De-
partment into the field as competitor. I think it
is unjust both to the officeis of the Army and the
agents who are ahcady employed under the other
Department.
Mr. BROWN. I have thought for several years
that there was manifest propriety in transferring
the Indian bureau to the War Depaitment. I
know of very little use we have for the Army but
to attend to the Indians. In time of peace you
have no other use for them but to look after the
Indians and keep them in subordination. The
people who have to be watched, therefore, ought
to be subject \o the contiol of the party who has
the watching of them. Hence the transfer, I think,
was right. When the Secretary of War shall
have taken possession of the office and looked into
its ramifications, and has given us his views in
regard to it, it will be quite time enough to under-
take to regulate the mode of his management of
it. Whether it will be best to detail Army officers
as Indian agents, or to keep up the present sys-
tem, he will say when you shall have given him
time to look into it. I think it is going a little
ahead of the necessities of the case to undertake
to legislate in advance as to the manner in which
he shall discharge the duties you require of him.
You had better let that alone for the present. I
shall therefore vote against the amendment pro-
posed by my friend from Arkansas.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE. I was preparing an amendment
which, it strikes me, would be proper to insert
immediately after the amendment adopted yes-
terday transferring the Indian bureau to the War
Department—something like this:
Provided, That where a difference of opinion shall arise
between the Secretary of War and the Secretary of the In-
terior, upon any point touching any Indian reservation, the
question shall be referred to the President of the United
States, and his decision shall be final.
I offer that amendment.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not think there can be
any objection to that amendment. I presume it
would follow of course, that, where there was any
division, the President should decide.
Mr. DAVIS. The President has thatcontrol.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amend men ts were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed. <■
LEWIS S. CRAIG.
Mr. IVERSON. I appeal to the generosity of
the Senate to take up and pass a bill for the relief
of Mrs. Craig, reported from the Committee on
Military Affairs of the House, and the Commit-
tee on Claims of this body. It will not take any
time. I move that that bill be considered.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
j in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 764) to provide for the
settlement of the accounts of the late Lieutenant
Colonel Lewis S. Craig, for his services in com-
mand of the military escort on the Mexican bound-
ary commission.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior in the settlement of the accounts of the late
Lieutenant Colonel Lewis S. Craig, to grant to
his legal representative the same allowances per
diem for his peisonal expenses which were made
to other officers of the Army of his grade in that
commission.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment; ordered to a third reading; read the
third time and passed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is absolutely essential
that there should be an executive session for a
• few moments to-day, for reasons which I cannot
i now explain. I move that the Senate proceed to
j the considesation of executive business.
t The motion was agreed to; and after some time
I spent in the consideration of executive busi-
! ness, the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. •
Thursday, February 3, 185D.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. Isaac Cole.
I CALL OF THE HOUSE.
i Mr. HOUSTON. I discover that those gen-
| tlemen who were most active in having the hour
i ofmcctingchangcd to eleven o'clock,arc notpres-
' erit; and therefore I move that there be a call of
; the House.
| The SPEAKER counted the House and an-
! nounced that only seventy members were present.
:j Mr. Houston's motion was agreed to.
ji The roll of the House was accordingly called,
|| when the following members failed to answer to
;! their names:
11 Messrs. Anderson. Arnold, Atkins. Avery, Barksdalo,
i; Billinghur«t, Blair, Bocoek. Royce, Bryan, Burnett, Bums,
|J Bunoughb, Caiuthertj, Caskte, Ezra Olaik, Hoi ace F.
Clark, dawson. Clay, Clemens, Clark B. Cochrane, Co-
vnde,'Burton Craige, Damrcll, Dewari. Dimmick, Dowdrll,
Edie, Erimundson, Elliott, English, Farnsworth, Gnrnett,
Giddmas, Gilhs, Gilmer, Groesbeck. Ilaskin, Hawkins,
Ilill, Ifughes, Iluyler. Jenkins, Keim.KeiU. Lamar, Landy,
' Lawience, Leidy, McKibbin, Humphrey Mai&hall, Matte-
son, Miller, Edward Joy Morris, Oliver A. Morse,
! Mott, Nichols, Palmer, Pettit, Peyton, William W. Phelps,
1 Potter, Ready, Ritchie, Roberts. Samlidge, Savage,. Henry
| M. Shaw, John Sherman, Jud&on YV. Sherman, Shorter,
I Sickles, Singleton, William Smith, Stevenson, Thompson,
1 Trippe, Walton, Ward, Warren, Cadwalader C. Washburn,
