794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
man introduce a resolution to that effect, and
refer it.
Mr. HOUSTON. It comes within the precise
line of duty of that committee. •
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. X demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Letchek's amendment was read, as fol-
lows:
And that they inquire further whether some method can-
not be adopted by which double pay for composition may
be avoided where the work is executed m tlie same ollice,
and by the-same person.
_ The amendment was adopted; and the resolu-
tion, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. SEWARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL FOUNDERY.
Mr. FAULKNER. Mr. Speaker, I hold in
my hand numerous memorials, from citizons of
the States of North Carolina, Ohio, Pennsylva-
nia, and Virginia, calling upon Congress to es-
tablish a national foundery. The committee have
been much divided on the expediency of that
measure. In view, however, of the embarrassed
condition of the Treasury, and the near approach
of the termination of Congress, it was to-day
decided by the committee, without expressing
any opinion on the expediency of the policy, that
the subject should go over until the next Con-
gress. I regret this determination of the com-
mittee; but, as their organ, and to give effect to
their decision, I move that that committee be dis-
charged from the further consideiation of these
memorials, and that they be laid upon the table.
The committee was discharged from the fur- j
ther consideration of the memorials; and they ;
were laid upon the table. j
MAJOR GENERAL TOWSON. \
Mr. FAULKNER, from the Committee on j
Military Affairs,reported back Senate resolution j
(No. 20) for the benefit of the nearest male heir of [
the late Major General Towson,of the United 1
States Army, with the recommendation that it do 1
pass. ,
The joint resolution requires the President to
cause a sword to be prepared, with suitable em-
blems and devices, and presented to Nathan
Towson Caldwell, grandson of the late Major
General N. Towson, United States Army, (he
being the next male heir,) for that officer's gal-
lant and msritorimis conduct in the capture of his
IJritnnnic Majesty's brig Caledonia, on the 8th
October, 1813, on the Niagara river, near Fort
Erie.
The joint resolution was rend a third time.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, demanded the yeas
and nays on its passage.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs a ques-
tion. i want to know whether lliis sword was
voted to General Towson in his lifetime, and was
never delivered, or whether this is .a new and ori-
ginal proposition ?
Mr. FAULKNER. It is a new and original
proposition, although I believe it was contem-
plated by the Senate at the period of his death.
Mr. BRANCH. There never has been a law
passed giving this sword to General Towson in
his lifetime ?
Mr. FAULKNER. No, sir; never.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I shall most certainly
vote against this resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
whether it was not proposed to gue this sword
to General Towson in his lifetime? whether he
did not die during the pendency of the question ?
and whether this is not to carry out that propo-
sition .'
Mr. FAULKNER. I believe such a purpose
was contemplated by the committee of the Senate
having cliarge of the subject at the period of his
death. r
Mr. PENDLETON. As I am opposed to hunt-
ing up the grandsons of meritorious officers, for
the purpose of giving them swords in recognition
ot their ancestois- services, 1 move to lay the res-
olution on the table.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
what fact is referred to in the resolution in the
statement that an intimation or promise of this
kind was made to General Towson, in his life-
time?
Mr. JEWETT. I object to debate. There is
a motion pending to lay on the table.
Mr. STANTON. I ask my colleague to with-
draw his motion for a moment, and I will re-
I new it.
Mr. PENDLETON. I will withdraw it on
that condition.
Mr. STANTON. If this question were not
before the House, I should care less about nega-
tiving the resolution. The committee inquired
with some care into the services rendered by Gen-
eral Towson, and certainly regarded them as mer-
itorious, and as being quite as much entitled to
the compliment proposed as those of almost any
other officer who has received the thanks of Con-
gress or the compliment of a sword. The House
is called upon rand the committee was called upon,
by the memorial of General Towson's male heir,
to express in this form, an opinion as to the
value of these services. Now, I felt, as a mem-
ber of that committee, that although I mighthave
regarded it as unwise to originate such a proposi-
tion, yet I could not vote against giving it without
seeming to cast an imputation on the memory of
General Towson, in refusing the customary honor
conferred in similar cases. I should regret very
much if the House should, by a rejection of the
resolution, seem to cast any imputation on hi£
memory. The srrvice was an exceedingly gal-
lant one, and 1 trust the House will not hesitate
to acknowledge it.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I wish to inquire as to the
number of guns the Ctiledonia had on board, in
order that we may determine the gallantry of this
officer in capturing it. What was her armament
and number of mrn ?
Mr. STANTON. I confess I am not so well
acquainted with the details of the transaction as
the chairman of the committee is.
Mr. FAULKNER. In addition to the very
natural grounds of objection that presented them-
selves to my colleague on the committee, the gen-
tleman from Ohio, 1 will state that when thecom-
[ mittee placed these papers in myhands fora special
j examination, my feelings were strongly opposed
i to reviewing the award of history, seemingly
j rendered on this transaction in 1813. At that
period Congress seems to have acted on this sub-
ject, and, for the identical service here referred
to, awarded a sword to Lieutenant Elliott. I
was not disposed to look back into history and to
review the action of Congress on this subject,
lint when, under the order of the committee, I
examined these papers carefully, and the history
i of that period, and especially looked into the let-
ters of General Scott, written almost cotempora-
neously, I could not decline to award that justice
which I believe this resolution now does to the
memory of Captain Towson. The former act of
Congress was founded mainly on the report given
by Lieutenant Elliott himself, of the transaction.
General Scott, in his letter of the 17th February,
1813, explains the reason why he did not forward
an officud report, which would then have placed
Captain Towson in his proper light before Con-
gress and the country. I read the following ex-
tract from his letter:
"But for my capture at CUieenston, and the constant bustle
m which r was engaged for the three or l'our days preced-
ing, I should have made an oilicial report of the affair of the j
9th October, at Black* Rock, 111 which Captain Tow*on bore 1
a conspicuous part, both m boarding the vessels and in the !
events which followed. The expedition was suggested and j
fitted out under the auspices of Lieutenant Elliott, of the
Navy; but not having a sufficient number of seamen to ef-
fect the object, lie applied to me for assistance. I turned
out my detachment and called for volunteer!,. Every man
offered his services. A ballot was then ordered between
Captains Towson and Barker, when it fell to the lot of the
former to go on this service. With thirty men, aided by
some seamen. Captain Towson had tlld principal share in
boarding and carrying the Caledonia, with the loss of six
men in killed and wounded. There was m the same boat
with him a naval officer, who had the principal direction
as to the manner in which the enemy should be approached-
but it was acknowledged by all hands, that the artillerists
were the most effective m the capture. This is not so fully
stated in Lieutenant Elliott's icport of the affair as i could
nave wished, but it is nevertheless the fact. Capttun Tow-
son was one of the first on board, and behaved throughout
with the most exemplary gallantry. Tile vessels were cut
out Irom under Foit Erie. At daylight they had dropped
down the INiagaia, to a point opposite Black itock, where
the liriusli commenced a very heavy fire upon tliem,3'
Again, General Scott, in a letter of the 27th of
August, 1814, giving a detailed account of, the en-
terprise, but a short portion of which I can read,
"According to this understanding, the expedition put off
from our shore in my presence, (and not in that of either
the general or of his brigade major,) about two o'clock in
the morning of the ninth. A little before daybreak, within
my hearing, being on the watch, both vessels were gallantly
boarded and carried—the Detroit by Commodore Elliott m
pereon, and the Caledonia by yourself.
" The Detroit soon got aground a little below, and the
Caledonia a little above, the village of Black Rock. The
Caledonia, as I partly saw, and as I understood fiom all,
was saved by your extraordinary courage and perseverance,
and afterwards bore her part in the great victory of Lake
Erie."
You have here, sir, a brief history of this
achievement. For the seizure of these vessels
Congress voted thanks and a sword to Captain
Elliott, in 1813, and yet you have the cotempo-
raneous declarations of General Scott, who was
an eye-witness to this brilliant transaction, and
who informs us that if he had not been at the
time a captive in the hands of the enemy, he
would have forwarded to the Government, cor-
recting the omissions of Lieutenant Elliott's dis-
patch, an official report, which would have done
full justice to the daring and successful gallantry
of Captain Towson.
The gentleman from Ohio asks what was the
service rendered? Two British armed brigs came
down Lake Erie and anchored under the protec-
tion of the guns, when Lieutenant Elliott con-
ceived the idea of capturing these vessels.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gentleman from
Virginia inform me what was the size of the ves-
sels, the number of guns they carried, and the
extent of their armament:'
Mr. FAULKNER. I do not recollect the size
of the brigs or number of guns. They are uni-
formly spoken of as armed brigs. It is enough
for my present purpose to say that Captain El-
liott took possession of the De'troit, for which he
received the thanks of Congress and a sword;
while Captain Towson, in an open boat, captured
the other, the Caledonia, with the lo^s of ten killed
and wounded. The Detroit, taken by Captain
Elliott, was subsequently burned. The same or-
der was given in reference to the Caledonia, taken
by Captain Towson, but she was saved by the
presence of mind and firmness of Captain Tow-
son, and was brought into port with a cargo of
furs worth $200,000, which b ecame the property
of the Government; and in addition to that she
was used as a vessel second in command in the
battle on Lake Erie. It is only recently that
Congress has made an appropriation of money
out of the public Treasury to pay the captors of
the Caledonia that moYiey which v/as due them-
for their service in seizing and taking possession
of that vessel. I only want the facts to go prop-
erly before the country, and that justice shall be
done for this brilliant achievement in the war of
1812 by Captain Towson.
Mr. GIDDINGS. If the gentleman from Vir-
ginin will allow me, I desire to ask whether there
was any other armament on board the Caledonia
besides the $200,000 worth of furs? As I under-
stand it, there was not a single gun on board that
ship, nor a British sailor. It was strictly a private
ship, manned with private sailors, and containing
only private property. &
Mr. FAULKNER. It was captured under the
guns ot a British fort, and Captain Towson had
! some eight or ten of his men killed or wounded
! In that encounter. Such the official report shows,
; and there must have been an obstinate resistance
! to the capture,
Mr. GIDDINGS. It was under the guns of the
fort, it is true; but I wish to ask the gentleman
from Virginia whether these vessels were not
strictly private property, and whether there was
any other than mere mercenary motives influenc-
ing these captors ?
"Mr. FAULKNER. I say to the gentleman
from Ohio that there is nothing in the papers sub-
mitted to the committee, nothing in the history
of the transaction, showing that it originated in
any mere private mercenary object. The leading
object for the capture of these two British vessels
undoubtedly was to strengthen our own inade-
quate naval force upon the lakes by the addition
of the captured vessels, and for that purpose the
Caledonia was used.
Mr. GIDDINGS. But, sir, I ask the gentle-
