1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
795
man from Virginia if these vessels were not pure-
ly private property? As I understand it, they
were not British vessels at all?
Mr. FAULKNER. They are described in all
the accounts as British armed brigs. They were
not part of the royal navy. They belonged to
British companies and subjects, but they were
armed for their own protection; and were, besides,
under the protection of the guns of the British
fort."
Mr. SEWARD. I object to further debate.
Mr. STANTON. The suggestion that this
was not a patriotic enterprise, but was a purely
mercenary affair, is an entirely new one to me.
To show that that was not the opinion then ex-
pressed or held, I have only to refer to the act of
the next succeeding Congress, expressing their
thanks to Captain Elliott for this very enterprise
in which Captain Towson took an equal share.
It was everywhere spoken of at the time, as a
gallant, meritorious, and brilliant achievement,
when these vessels were taken from under the
very guns of the British fort. It was an enter-
terprise attended with great danger and some loss.
The idea that it was influenced by mercenary
motives was never suggested at the time. All the
cotemporaneous history of the matter represents
it to have been a patriotic military service against
the public enemy.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to ask whether
this resolution received the unanimous recom-
mendation of the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PENDLETON. No, sir; it did not. But,
Mr. Speaker, the course of remark which has
beenindulged in by my colleague [Mr. Giddings]
as well as by my other colleague, [Mr. Stanton,]
who has just yielded the floor, makes it neces-
sary for me to disclaim any intention to cast
any imputation upon the character or conduct
of Captain Towson, and also disclaim any
disposition to detract from the brilliancy or merit
of this achievement, or the reputation won by
it. I did not desire to enter into a discussion of
the merits of the achievementat all. I am willing
to admit that the achievement was as brilliant as
my colleague, [Mr. Stanton,] or the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Faulkner,] claims. A cotem-
poraneous Congress selected one of these officers,
and voted him a sword; thus recognising its sense
of the service he had rendered to the country. I
am willing to acknowledge that Captain Towson
was as much entitled to the favorable notice of
Congress as Captain Elliott. The question I wish
to submit is, whether this House is now prepared
to go into an examination of an event which oc-
curred forty-five years ago, and to decide whether
the Congress which then passed upon it decided
right or wrong? I want to know if it is the policy
of this House to go back over the long line of our
history, and wherever it finds a brilliant action or
success, to award the actor a sword because the
cotemporaneous Congress did not so recognize it ?
Sir, for one, I hold that the cotemporary Con-
gresses are the proper judges of such matters; that
they should be left to their discretion. The Con-
gress that passed upon this action had the right
if they chose to discriminate between Lieutenant
Elliott and Captain Towson, although I may not
be able to see any distinction between the merits
of the two oflicers; and I am utterly opposed to
going back and overhauling their decision. I do
not say that Congress intended to make any in-
vidious discrimination; or that it, in fact, did so.
It cast no imputation upon the character or con-
duct of Towson. There was no censure passed
then which justice requires us to remove—no stain
affixed then which we ought to wipe out now.
It is a simple case of non-action by Congress.
History and the country have done the parties
complete justice; and Congress has, in no wise,
interfered with their impartial judgment. I now
renew the motion to lay the resolution on the
table.
Mr. GIDDINGS. One word of explanation.
I had no desire to detract from the merits of Cap-
tain Towson, and if gentlemen proposed to vote
him thanks or a sword for the real merit he dis-
played in another transaction, not a hundred rods
from where this one occurred, I would vote for it
with all my heart. I refer to his defense of Fort
Erie. That action merited the thanks of Congress
and of the whole country. But I recollect the
whole ofthis transaction well, and I speakof itonly
from recollection. The history of it was simply
this; Captain Elliott arrived at the city of Buffalo.
That day these two ships dropped down under
the guns of Fort Erie. There was not a gun on
board of either ship, nor was there a single sailor
on board in the service of Great Britain. The
crown of Great Britain had no more interest in
those ships than the American Government.
Now, under these circumstances, Captain Elliott
conceived the idea of taking these vessels, and
took'the command of the expedition. Captain
Towson went with him as second in command.
He had no more to do with the command of the
expedition than any other officer of the expedi-
tion. Congress, at that time, for the purpose of
stimulaiing military fervor on that frontier, took
especial notice of this transaction, and they went
at the time as far as they deemed expedient. But
as I have stated, whatever may have been the
worth or merits of Captain Towson on this occa-
sion, in my opinion, he did an act a few months
afterwards of ten times the merit.
Mr. PENDLETON. I now insist on my mo-
tion to lay the resolution on the table.
Mr. HARRIS. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his motion for just a moment. This case is
connected with the reputation and gallantry of a
Maryland soldier, and I want to say a word on
the subject.
Mr. PENDLETON. I would withdraw the
motion with pleasure, but I perceive that this mat-
ter is likely to give rise to a lortg debate, and
therefore must decline to do it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resulve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Barks-
dale in the chair,) and resumed the consideration
of the
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to offer to amend
the clause of the bill providing for the compensa-
tion of the employes of the House, by adding the
following proviso:
* Provided, That no officer or employ^ of this House shall
receive pay for discharging the dunes of more than one
office at the same time.
Mr. Chairman, I offer that amendment for the
reason that such things have taken place in the
history of this House. It is an amendment
which ought to be adopted; and I have no doubt
the committee will vote it in. But, sir, I desire,
in connection with this amendment, to refer to the
whole paragraph. When we talk about reform
and retrenchment, the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means tells us that we must
carry out existing laws; and the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Phillips,]
rises here and undertakes to lecture us upon the
course we ought to pursue. T^ey say they are
advocates of reform and retrenchment; but that we
must repeal the laws, in order to reduce these cx-
,, travagant appropriations. Now, I ask these gen-
ii tlemen, when the estimates are sent in to them,
'' and they look at the past history of this House,
in which extravagant appropriations have al-
ways been made, why do they not take the initi-
atory steps in a movement to reform and retrench
the expenditures of this Government? Whydo j
they interpose objections here, and raise points
of order, to prevent anything like a reform of the
abuses which exist in regard to the expenditures
of this Government ?
In connection with this subject, let me call the
attention of the committee to another proposi-
tion. In 1853-54, less than five years ago,this
legislative bill was passed by Congress, contain-
ing appropriations amounting only to about two
million dollars. The Committee of Ways and
Means now report a bill for the same purposes,
containing an appropriation of $3,500,000. Now,
sir, why have the expenditures of this depart-
ment of the Government gone up $1,500,000 in
less than five year#? The increased* compensa-
tion of members of Congress does not account
for it. Why, then, I ask, have the expenses thus
run up within the last five years?
And now another fact. In 1853-54, the appro-
priations covered by the item of the bill we are
now considering, amounted to $34,400; that was
the amount. Now, in less than five years, this
very same appropriation runs up to $78,125, tnore
than doubling itself in thjs short space of time.
The increase, under this paragraph, for the com-
pensation of these officers, within the last five
years, is $43,6G5. And yet, when we talk about
the employes of this House, and the extravagance
of appropriations, gentleman here, sir, are taunted
with a desire to make war upon the poor man;,
that it is the design and desire to strike a blow
at the poor employes of this House. And, Mr.
Chairman, we find members here who are ready
and willing, on this cry, to get up and say that
they are not the first that an attack should be
made upon. The men who ask us why we do not
introduce reforms here, and correct the abuses
that exist, are.the very men who, when the effort
is made to accomplish that object, interpose ob-
jection. They are the very men who object to
any reduction of the expenditures of this House.
Sir, it is a fact that will be palpable to all who will
take the trouble to give the matter an investiga-
tion, that we have connected with this House in
the Clerk's oflice, Sergeant-at-Arms' room, and
in the Doorkeeper's department, more employes
than the public service dcftiands. There is not a
single one of those departments that cannot have
its force of employes reduced without injury to
the public service. Let gentlemen look to the
number of employes we have here. Let them go
into the Clerk's office, and let them inquire the
time they are employed, and the character of
service that is rendered. Let them go into the
Sergeant-at-Arms' room, and into the Doorkeep-
er's department, and they will see that there are
more employes than are demanded for the dis-
charge of the respective duties.
Mr. Chairman, I offer this proviso, because I
know the fact that, in the Thii ty-Third Congress,
persons have here discharged the duties of two
places, and received the pay for both.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. NICHOLS. Mr. Chairman, I am very
glad to hear the admission just made by the gen-
tleman from Kentucky; very glad, indeed. Now,
if I understand that admission, it is this: that
the oflicers gentlemen on the other side have put
in power in this Hall, are employing more per-
sons than are necessary to the discharge of the
duties incumbent upon them. We, of this side
are not responsible for that; not at all, sir; and
it does not touch the argument which I made yes-
terday.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman permit
me to interrupt him there b
Mr. NICHOLS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BURNETT. I submit to the gentleman
that the members on his side of the House are the
very gentlemen who voted against the proposition
to reform these abuses. They voted against the
suspension of the rifles, and the record shows it.
Mr. NICHOLS. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky knows, as well as he knows anything, that
this side of the House voted with reference to ad-
equate? and fair salaries, and left the organization
of the House, as to who were necessary, to the
decision of the,dominant party on the other side.
The gentleman cannot get out of it in that way.
Mr. BURNETT. Permit me 
Mr. NICHOLS. decline to be interrupted
any further. The gentleman had five minutes,
and I want as much time. I want gentlemen to
understand my position exactly. Whenever it
js no longer necessary to keep a man here, strike
him down, turn him out; but that, sir, belongs
to the dominant party. They arc to say who is
and who is not necessary. As a member here,
and a citizen of this Confederacy, I am not alarmed
at this small economy which appears to obtain
here. I say that without any disrespect to any-
body.
I say, Mr. Chairman, that whenever you em-
ploy a gentleman here, pay lum an adequate sal-
ary. Look atit. How do these men come here?
You bring therti here; they are your fi lends; and
you insist that they shall be put in office. You
crowd the men who have charge of the offices m
this House. You eompel them to appoint your
friends; and then, sir, when you get your friends
here, you want them to work at a salary such as
I believe is hardly sufficient to keep soul and body
together, in reference to one class of employes.
It is no argument to say that men can be found
who will do the work cheaper. A hundred men
