174
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
35th Cong.,..2d Sess.
Executive Abuses—Mr. Morris.
Ho. of Reps.
of Ihem. is a presage of their defeat. He has few
or no friends here. Members turn away from
him, yet no testis made except upon theLecomp-
ton question. Judge Douglas and- his friends
afe involved in that, and they are hunted down
stilt. At the last session of Congress he could
not have effected the passage of some.of ttie most
important appropriation bills, if it had not been
for my own vote and the votes of other anti-Le-
compton Democrats; and this session, I fear he
will not be able to get them passed even with our
assistance. The poisoned chalice has returned
to his own Hps; and he is reaping the storms of
the whirlwinds he sowed. Hts reckless attempts
to interpolate the Democratic platform, and to
prescribe new tests of party fealty, and his un-
warrantable interference with the local politics of
the country, will be milestones placed along the
road of other Presidents, to warn them against the
fatul rock upon which iiis administration was
broken to pieces.
It was said by a distinguishedKentuckian that
the administration ofJohn Tylerwould be,in the
history of this country, like a parenthesis in the
middle of a sentence, always to be read in a low
tone of voice, and which always could be omitted
without altering the sense. That much cannot
bo said of Mr. Buchanan's Administration. It
does not even rise to the dignity of a parenthesis,
but will be regarded as an entire inverted sen-
tence, with scarcely an intonation in its length or
breadth to soften its harshness.
But, Mr. Chairman, the Administration did not
stop with the mere distribution of documents, and
the sale of the offices, in my State. I saw the im-
print of its finger in my district, here and there,
wherever I went. One, who was a judge upon
the supreme bench, resigned his office, m order
that he might receive the nomination over me.
After he had been in Washington conferring with
the officials here, he returned home, took the
stump, and labored unceasingly to defeat myself,
and every other regularly-nominated candidate.
A State Senator, for changing his position from
ariti-Lecompton to Lecompton, was given the
Ctuincy post office, and was supplied with the
means of publishing a paper to overthrow the reg-
ular Democratic ticket. My immediate prede-
cessor upon this floor was induced to run as an
independent candidate, in order that my Repub-
lican competitor might be elected, and he received
only five hundred and four votes out of twenty-
five thousand six hundred and eighty-one cast,
while my majority was one thousand eight hun-
dred and eighty-one—considerably greater than
it was in 1856. What is true of the district I rep-
resent is substantially true of every other district
in Illinois. Every where, all over the State, men
were at work,under directions from Washington,
to breakdown the regular organization, and to
elect Republicans. They left no stone unturned,
to effect their object: and yet, out of two hundred
and fifty-two thousand two hundred and two votes
given in the whole State, the highest cast for a
Lecompton Administration candidate was just five
thousand one hundred and seventy-three 1 Cab-
inet officials interfered directly in the contest, and
did not leave the work to their subordinates.
1 will read a paragraph or two from a letter ad-
dressed by a member of the Cabinet to a Federal
office-holder in the State, during the pendency of
the late election, and if the Administration desire
the name of its author, and will call upon me,
they shall have it, and I will account for the pos-
session of it. Speaking of those he calls " Doug-
las men," he says:
"Those of them who "are willing to give a fair support
to the Administration, and regard the English bill as a set-
tlement, ought to be conciliated, treated kindly, and sup
ported. Cut, if nothing els e will serve their turn except op
portion to the party, it cannot be helped.
"They say here, that Mr. [Iarns is more violent and bit-
ter in hts hostility to the Administration, and to all who
support it, than any Black Republican in Congress.
" Now, what should be the difference lo us between such
a mau and an Abolitionist, except that such a man, fleeted
by Democratic votes, would So more injury to the Demo
ciatic cause, than an Abolitionist would have it in his power
to do. Most truly yours," &.e.
The gentleman to whom that letter was ad-
dressed, was afterwards removed from his posi-
tion because he would not abuse his friends, and
assist to defeat the party of which he has been all
his life a brilliant, talented, and active member.
The one who succeeded him is now arraigned
before the Administration, by a gentleman, for
official villainy of the highest grade. Whether
he will be removed remains to be determined. I
have no expectation, Mr. Chairman, that he will,
no matter what his offense may be, so he sings
peans to the powers at Washington. The ex-
tracts which I have given, will be read by honest
Democrats at home with profound astonishment.
To persons here, who are familiar with the man-
ner in which things are done, they will be no
matter of surprise.
It will be observed that the author of that letter
lays down two tests of Democratic orthodoxy,
which if lived up to will entitle the believer to a
place in the Democratic church; if not, he must
be cast out. The first is submission to the Admin-
istration. The second, support of the English
bill. There is nothing in the letter about the Cin-
cinnati platform, ana nothing about the Demo-
cratic creed as we received it from the fathers of
the party. It seeks to establish an entirely new
test. Verily, we have fallen on strange times !
Party edicts seem to go out from the White House
as though the President was his Imperial Majes-
ty James I. Sir, who gave him, who gave his
Cabinet, authority to send out to Illinois these
excommunicating bulls? If they would attend to
the legitimate functions of their offices, they
would do much better. For one, sir, I do not
recognize the right of any but the party itself, to
alter its platform. I spurn the dictation of all in-
termeddlers; and I say, in frankness, that if the
English bill, which I view with abhoircncc, is to
be made n party test, I will not give it my assent.
I would infinitely have preferred to vote for the
original Lecompton bill, as it came from the Sen-
ate, for that had the comparative merit of frank-
ness.
But, sir, we were told by the considerate Cabi-
net official that if we would submit to the new
test we should be u conciliated, treated kindly,
and supported." Ergo, theconverse was, that if
we did not submit we were not to be " concilia-
ted, treated kindly, or supposed." Inasmuch as
the Democracy of Illinois did not submit, they had
meted out to them the full measure of Executive
wrath. My former colleague, the late lamented
Thomas L. Harris, at the bare mention of whose
name a million of brave and warm Democratic
hearts leap with joy, is denounced by this mem-
ber of the Cabinet as " worse than an Abolition-
ist," and of course, all who agreed with him are
" worse than Abolitionists" in the view of the
new dictators of the party faith. The harpies of
the National Democracy of Illinois, alias Danites,
were instiucted rather than vote forjudge Doug-
las, myself, or any other anti-Lecompton Dem-
ocrat, they had better vote for ii Black Republi-
cans." This is the substance of this Cabinet
officer's letter; and poor souls, they only wanted
a nod from their masters here, to obey, as I will
show you by the confession of their leading organ
in the State, the " Chicago Herald." In its issue
of the 4th of November last, two days after the
ejection, that paper contains an editoiial article
which 1 will read. Here it is and mark it well:
"The Vote of Chicago.—That fact having become
known on the eve of the election, that the entire Catholic
vote of this eity, notwithstanding the professions to the con-
trary, would be thrown for Douglas, the national Democrats
became exasperated at such wholesale tie.teher}. and des-
pite all effmts that could be made to prevent it, they voted
en masse for the Republican candidate:*, a-5 the most effect-
ual way of defeating Douglas. Although by voting thus,
they, beyond question, prevented the election of two of the
Douglas candidates for the Logi^latuie, we do not appiove
of their course. We go for a strict adherence to the prin-
ciple, and to party oiganization, whatever may be the ptus-
ent lesult, fully believing that such a couise will, in all cases,
insuie ultimate success."
The author of that article, who is the editor of
the paper, was appointed by the President mar-
shal of the northern district of Illinois, during the
pendency of the election, in place of Colonel Da-
vidson, removed, after he had the most positive
assurance that he would be retained. The admis-
sion that the miscalled "National Democrats"
voted for the Republican candidates for the Legis-
lature, and thereby defeated two l< Douglas Dem-
ocrats," is broad and unqualified. The reason
assigned is that the Catholics would not vote with
them! What ridiculous folly ! The reason was
they were instructed from Washington to do as
they did. The editor pretends to disapprove the
acts of his Danite brethren, and talks of principle
and party as though he was governed by one or
acted inside of the other.
Mr. Chairman, since the election, these vam-
pires have fallen out amongst themselves, over
a division of the spoils; and if one tenth of what
they tell upon each other is true, they are the
most graceless set of scamps upon earth. The
people of Illinois believe all that is said on both
sides, and even then, that half has not been told.
In speaking of the Danites, I do not wish to he
understood as including all who sustained the Ad-
ministration in its policy, for some were honest,
and pursued the course they did conscientiously:
; but through what I believe was a misapprehen-
sion of the merits of the controversy on their part.
I allude to the place-seekers, the liegemen, who
acted without reference to principle, and were
actuated alone by corrupt motives. They consti-
tuted a band of political spoilsmen who were on
the exchange for the highest price they could get
for themselves. They flattered the President, and
he encouraged their treason. He is, therefore, not
only directly responsible for their appointment,
but for their conduct, and he cannot escape that re-
sponsibility. He may denounce as he will corrup-
tions in elections of which he was particepscrimi-
nis; butlachrymose letters, like that he wrote to the
Foit Du duesnecelebration, will do him no good.
Singing psalms will not save him now, sir. He has
already sinned away his day of grace, and all hope
for him has become extinct. The Democratic
party must cut itself loose from his administra-'
tion,and let it float off as drift-wood. We cannot go
into the canvass of 1860 with any hope of success;
with its fetid and rotten carcass tied to the party,
it would hehangingtoitasdeadweight. Wemig'nt
as well expect to blow down the walls of this Capi-
tol with our mere breath. It has even fallen so low
that those who live upon its bounty do it no rever-
ence. We may excuse it; we may palliate it; we
may patch it up as we please; but it will be all to
no purpose. It is folly—nay, worse than foilv, it
is madness for us to stand with folded arms, and
blinded to the consequences which are inevitable
if we adhere to it. "A prudent man forseeth the
evil and hideth himself; but the simple pass on
and are punished." We cannot retrieve the for-
tunes of the party by any hesitating, doubting
policy. Action, prompt and decisive, is required.
Mr. Buchanan, who certainly let out" that drop"
of Democratic blood, if it was ever in his veins,
is floating the Government into the old moorings
of Federalism, from which it is now evident hts
affections Ijave never departed. We have been
deceived; and the sooner we acknowledge the
fact the better. An open confession is preferable
to a vain attempt at concealment. If we go on,
and cry " peace, peace, when there is no peace,"
defeat, certain and inevitable, will be our lot.
Let Mr. Buchanan, during the remainder of his
term, devote his time to gathering up the bleach-
ing bones of his fallen friends, which are strewn
upon every political battle-field of the North, East,
and West. Let him breathe into them a little
brief spasmodic life; but let the great Democratic
party move on in defense of its integrity and great
principles. Let it repudiate the man who lias re-
pudiated it. What is there in his Administration
which gentlemen will undertake to defend ? Who
is there in this or the other Hall of Congress who
will rise and proclaim that his Kansas policy was
wise, when, like Dead sea fruits, it has turned to
ashes on his lips? Who will defend the improvi-
dentand ill-managed Utah war, commenced with-
out sufficient authority of law, and ending in
nothing but folly after squandering millions of
dollars? Who dare vindicate the extravagant
and reckless expenditures of his Administration,
and ridicule economy, but the writer for his offi-
cial organ ? His Cabinet has disappointed the
hopes of the country. His appointments, as a
class, have been the worst, by far, that were ever
before made, to say nothing of the appointees at
large having been selected principally from two
or three States, to the exclusion of the balance,
and without regard to their claims. His ad-
! ministration has fallen a prey to flatterers and
public plunderers. His bankrupt policy finds
no advocates. His Pacific railroad scheme is de-
feated. His Paraguay expedition promises noth-
