798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
the amendment, and farther remarks are not now
in order.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to; and the amendment was then rejected.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend, in line
ninety-two, by striking out these words: " and
boxes for members $10,000," and insert for the
same object an appropriation of $5,000.
Mr. Chairman, the amount to which I propose
to reduce this appropriation is notlarge,butI offer
the amendment m good faith. At the last session
I was sent by the Clerk two very nice boxes.
I suppose they would cost five dollars. They
were well made. They were convenient for the
purpose for which they were intended. They
answered very well the purpose of holding books
to be sent away. Yet, sir, I submit that it is not
the province of the Government to give members
these nice boxes to send to different parts of thor
Union. There is no more propriety in giving
these boxes than there is in giving members
trunks in which to take home their clothes.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I rise, not ex-
actly for the purpose of opposing the gentleman's
amendment——
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then tne gentle-
man is not in order.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Then I move
to strike out in line ninety-five u $75,000," and
in lieu thereof insert " $34,000."
Mr. BURNETT. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means a
question.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New Yoik. I yield for that
purpose.
Mr.- BURNETT. I desire to know of the
chairman of the CommiUeeofWaysand Means,
as he has srated that this bill contains appropri-
ations only which are provided for by law 
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman mustcon-
fme himself to the amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I am on that very subject.
The Committee ot Ways and Means tell us that
all the items of this bill is in accoidance with
law. I am not sufficiently familiar with nil the
statutes to determine that question; and I shall be
glad if the gentleman from Missouri will tell me
•where I can find the law authorizing the purchase
of these boxes? 1 would like to know, because
I want to vote intelligently.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The declaration
that was made, was m reference to the employes
of this House. It was that -their salaries were
fixed by existing laws or resolutions of the
House." So fur as the printing and binding are
concerned, they are fixed by lesolution; but, bo
far as these boxes are concerncd, that is an ex-
penditure that hus grown up in the last six or
eight years. U has grown up in the appropriation
bills, for boxes m order that the documontsgivpn
to members of Congress may be securely and
safely sent to their homes if they choose to pay
the freight, instead of trusting them to the trans-
mission of the mails. It saves the mails.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question. What is the cost of these boxes? I
understood the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr.
Letcher,] and the gentleman himself, to state
that the Committee of Ways and Means brought
these bills in merely in pursuance of law, or res-
olution of the House. That is their duty. Yet
the distinguished gentleman from Missouri, the
chairman of that committee, says that there is no
law for this particular item, and that it exists by
prescription; that it has been going on for five or
six years. It is an abuse that ought to he-stopped.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mont-
gomery,] in his extraordinary speech, referred to
the fact that members had increased their own
pay. If he had looked carefully ho would have
seen that I was one of those who opposed that
bill. I am opposed to appropriations unauthor-
ized by law. If appropriations are right and
necessary, let us provide for them bylaw; and
until that is dpne let us exclude them from these
bills.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to strike out
the word "ten" and insert "eleven" in its stead.
Now, sir, I, for one, stand up for boxes. [Laugh-
ter.] This House, if the clause be not retained,
will be in a bad box*, and, unless members return
to their reason and stand up for their rights, while
they are also standing up for the economy of the
Government, we, sir, shall be utterly ruined.
Arguments have been made on this floor to-day
in favor of the poor as against the rich. I, sir,
would never array the one class against the other.
But I stand here in common for the rights of the
rich and of the poor. While gentlemen here are
indulging in luxury, are receivingeach his couple
of boxes, let us look to the poor man engaged on
the work-bench. Let us look to the tariff. Let
us look at the protection which should be given
to our iron interests. Let us look to the laboring
classes, and all those interests in the community
which enter into a combination within the circum-
ference of a Congressman's box. [Laughter.]
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that the moral
of this debate is, that we should engage in the
weightier matters of the law, and not in these
trifles. Let us begin at these budgets, that com-
prehend large amounts. Let us direct our atten-
tion to more serious affairs, and not argue hour
after hour over items of this description, so tri-
fling in their nature that the time expended in
argument is ten times more valuable than the
small sum required for these items. Let us, as I
said before, return to our reason. Let us apply
judgment to the rule. While we are talking of
retrenchment and reform, let us lay ourselves to
the work of retrenching those enormous expendi-
tures of the Government that are overwhelming
us, mteriupting the wheels of Government, and
staying our course towards prosperity. This is
the task which gentlemen have imposed upon
them, and not that of catering to the appetites of
the poor, or appealing to the passions of one class
against anothei. Let us direct ourselves sternly
and with rigidness to the work of seeing that
those itom« that are grave and important are they
which shall receive our attention; but, sir, let
trilles of this description pass.
Mr. STANTON. Will the gentleman have the
goodness to tell us precisely where he would begin
to retrench ? I never can find any place.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would firstdestroy
the franking privilege. I will be frank with my
friend from Ohio, [laughter,] and I have 110 doubt
that we will occupy common ground on that point.
Mr. STANTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Now, will the gen-
tleman from Ohio answer me where I shall accom-
pany him in the way of retrenchment?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman can have
abundance of retrenching if he will follow me in
cutting down the Army to the peace establishment
of 1820, and in reducing the Navy for which we
have got no use.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh, no.
Mr. STANTON. I should reduce the post
offices, and abolish the navy-yards.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. That is notretrench-
ment. That is ruin.
Mr. VANCE. I want to know whether this is
debate or cross-questioning?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The fault of my
ft icnd from Ohio is this: that he proposes not re-
form, but deform. There is unquestionably an
office for the Army; and if the Army is stricken
down that office remains unperformed. We have
a fiontier which should be protected.
Mr. LETCHER. I rise to a question of order.
I do not think that the Army is concerned in this
amendment, by a long shot.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. It is undeniably
true that there is very little hope of Retrenchment,
because we see one gentleman object to retrench-
ment because it is small, and another gentleman
objects to retrenchment because it is large, and
because we have not time enough for its examin-
ation, and thus we are to do nothing. Thus wo
are to pass over everything. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Montgomery] talks about
laboring men. I tell the gentleman that the best
way to consult the interests of the laboring man
is to take as little as possible from his industry, to
support the Government. If we spend $10,000,000
or $15,000,000, the laboring man is infinitely bet-
ter off than if we spend $1UO,GOO,OOC. Unless that
is true, the more we spend the better off* the la-
boring man is. But to come back to this partic-
ular proposition. Is there any necessity for this
provision of the bill? There is, on the 4th page,
an appropriation of §40,000 for miscellaneous
items. What do you want, then, with this pro-
vision for the repat«5 of furniture and boxes for
members ? I say there is no necessity in the
world for it; and it does seem to me wholly un-
necessary and eminently unwise for us to sanc-
tion this appropriation. There are other items
which 1 shall propose to strike out; but I propose
! to submit nothing further on this subject, I trust
it will be the pleasure of the committee to strike
out the item.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE withdrew his amend-
ment. *
Mr. CRAWFORD. I offer an amendment, pro
format to reduce the appropriation #100. When
this item was before the committee, I objected to
it, and it became my duty afterwards to look into
it and to inquire into its necessity. I was in-
formed by the officers of the House, who have
charge of that particular department, that it had
reference to £he repairs connected with the desks
of members of this Hall; any derangement of the
locks and keys, or any breakage of the chairs or
desks, and also to the furnishing members with
two boxes each, for the carrying of their public
documents. There are two hundred and forty-
one members and delegates, which make nearly
five hundred boxes necessary at each session, it
is to these boxes that part of this sum is appro-
priated.. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. TRIPPE. The gentleman states that there
are nearly five hundred boxes made each session.
I suppose that nearly half the members never get
their boxes. I have been entitled in this way to
eight boxes, and I have nevergot more than two.
I would like to inquire of my colleague, what has
become of my six boxes?
Mr. SEWARD. Or mine ?
Mr. TRIPPE. I will give my six boxes to the
Government. There is no doubt that thousands
more have gone the same way.
Mr. CRAWFORD I can only say that there
are no boxes paid for unless they are sent to the
rooms of members; and no one can receive a dol-
lar unless his account is certified by the Commit-
tee of Accounts. I do not know whether the gen-
tleman has got his boxes or not. It is no part of
my duty to look aftei them.
Mr. TRIPPE. There is not a dollar of this
appropriation of $10,000 heretofore made, unex-
pended-
Mr. CRAWFORD. The?) the gentleman must
hold the Committee of Accounts responsible.
The gentleman proposes to strike out this item
for furniture and repairs, as a matter of reform. If
he has any information on the subject showing
that this account can be reduced, I will go with
him. I looked into the matter when the bill was
before the Committee of Ways and Means,*and
I found that no money could be paid under the
appropriation until the account had been ap- •
proved by the Committee of Accounts, and these
gentlemen will therefore, have to prove that the
i Committee of Accounts have improperly passed -
, upon these items of account furnished oy the
Clerk. It is not to be expected that the Commit-
tee of Ways arid Means could take the time to
investigate these scveial items of expenditure,
1 which have been already passed upon by another
i committee of the House. I icpcat that the Clerk
cannot pay a dollar of this appropriation until it
has been approved by the committee. I have no
feeling about ihe matter. I have merely stated
the grounds of my own action.
Mr. Crawford's amendment was, by unani-
mous consent, withdrawn.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose it will
be m order to strike out lines ninety-two and
ninety-three.
The CHAIRMAN. Not until the amendment
of the guntleman fiom Ohio [Mr. Pendleton]
has been disposed of.
The amendment was agreed to.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I propose now to
strike out the whole of lines ninety-two and nine-
ty-three as follows:
" For furniture, repairs, ami boxes for members, $10,000."
Mr. Chairman, a word or two upon this sub-
ject. i think the amendment just adopted is a
very good one. These boxes are for the personal
convenience of members, and it is time, after so
much has been said in reference to retrenchment
and reform, to begin by cutting off the appropri-
ations wherever we have an interest in the ques-
tion. I prop'ose to strike out the whole of this
paragraph, because after the explanation of the
gentleman from Georgia, who has just taken his
seat, [Mr. Crawford,] it is not necessary that
