m
APPENDIX
[February 15,
3&TaiOoNGi~i..2D Sess. ' Extravagance of the Dimpcratic Party—Mr. Cragin.
Ho. of Reps.
with that regal power which should make him an
-eseeptirinio therule. The .beauty and glory of
otfr teniraent consists in the accountability of
offtrf&s'-h'gh and low; to a constituency.
- ,Th  President, sir1, " has been .weighed Jntlie
balances, and found-wanting," and no flower of
gratitude will ever bloom upon his grave. If " the
evil men do live after them," and " the good is
e &"'iW®r«af with their bones," bow unfortunate
fotimv.; 'In his efforts to read.others out of the
Bstnocr&tic party, he ha3 not exactly gotten out
bihiseIf,ifor tte was never really in it; but he has
been the-means of.the.forfeiture of that confidence
Hmay.:otherwise have continued to bestow upon
i)im. > Jn.other-words, he has committed political
shield®.! -..iln'his vain endeavors to inscribe his
name .high upon the:roll of. fame, he. has written
it.in sand, and the sporting winds will soomoblit-
ei'Htr- every vestige of it-i except the evil deeds con-
nected with1 it. • .
word or two more, and I have done. Illinois,
sir, -wblcluseems to-be the special object of Ex-
ecutive vengeance, is no pleading,cowering slave
at" the .foot of power. Sbe has a proud record to
which sllfe can point. Herhistory speaks for her.
She has never yet strayed ' off from the Demo-
cratic fold. Even in, .the memorable hard-cider
campaign of 1840 sbe withstood the shock, and
wail one of the few Stales who bore her banner
apwahhand-onw.ard.' She has never yet struck
it, and never will. Her Democracy have never
quajledsbefore the fa'ce of an enemy; and shall
their knees smite together in the presence of one
in wfcrose hands they helped-place the scepter?
N6, never!1 Though he is clothed " with a little
brief authority " and " plays fantastic tricks be-
fore .lligh Heaven," he will find them still " un-
subdued rebels." They can neither be silenced
into submission'by threats or persecution, or
bought with office or money. Let the President
expend' his rage upon them; let him, during his
little brief day, continue to lord u over God's
freemen. We ask not for his smiles, we defy his
malice," we scorn lvis patronage, and Biiatch the
thunder-bo(t from the would-be Jove, and shake
it defiantly in his face. ■
Mr. Chairman, every bane has its antidote.
One good will result from the President's abuse
of power. It will teach us the necessity of cur-
tailing' his patronage, and placing it, as far as
possible, in the hands of the people. Already I
have introduced a bill to break his grasp upon the
Territories, and if I live to reach here at the next
session, I shall introduce another, providing for
the election-of postmasters by the people through-
aut-th'ffi length and breadth of this land. These
monstfeusassumptionsand usurpations in Wash-
ington are becoming dangerous to public liberty,
absorbing the rights of the States and the people,
and should; be checked. ■ Unless we strike down
the colossal arms of power here, which are reach-
ing out everywhere all over the Republic for new
acquisitions of strength, we may be well alarmed
for our safety. Our Government was designed
to be plain in its construction and economical in
its expenditures, and was created for a few great
national objects necessary for th&common pro-'
taction, anil not as one grand vortex of centrali-
zation, into which all rights were ultimately to
flow, and it is well for us to look to it. that our
liberties are not swaUowpd up.
, Eternal vigilance is the only way in which we
ean maintain them; and unless.we exercise it, the
man is now living who will follow their hearse
to the grave. However unpleasant the duty, and
without reference to who is to be affected by it,
the American patriot should speak out, and sound
the note of alarm as the advancing column comes
in sight. ■ Lrt the. watch cry be—
- , . Tliou, too. Vail on, O ship of folate!
,, Sail on, O Union, nroug ami great."
1 have only to add, Mr. Chairman, that I fully
realize the responsibility of the remarks I have
made. 1 know very well what was said, when,
some weeks a£o, I alluded to the character of the
appointees to office in Illinois. I suppose the
same, or moreyWill be said now. But when such
things shall induce me to suppress the truth, and
fail to discharge my duty as one of the Tribunes
of the people, it will be-only when I will no longer
have the power of speech.
increase op EXPENSES—extravagance op
the democratic party.,
SPEECH OF HON. A. H. GRA£IN,
of new hampshire, ■ '
In the House op Representatives, >
• . . February 15, 1859,
The House being in the Committee of theWhoht on the
state of the Union— " ,
Mr. CRAGIN said: „ •.
■ ,' &4r. Chairman: Since I hftve been a'member
of this House, I have heard- much said,about
economy by certain gentleman on the other^ side
of the Hall. They have been.valiant in. ifyeir at-
tacks on sundry small items of appropriation.
Every session there'has been S). contest about pay-
ing a few thousand dollars to six.,or eight." l^nd-
map clerks." Several times, strenuous efforts
have been made to reduce the . pay of the door-
keepers, and other employes of the House. Re-
cently, great efforts were made to defeat an ap-
propriation for paying for the return and support
of the poor negroes who were stolen and brought
to our shores in violation of the laws for suppress-
ing the infamous African slave trade. A few days
ago, a. bold and successful fight, was made against
a few pine'boxes, which cost $2 50 a piece.
It is quite recently that any of these gentlemen,
so far as I know, have proposed any radical re-
form—anything that would lessen or stop the
great leaks from- the Treasury. They now only
propose to withhold certain appropriations, with-
out changing the laws requiring them; and to stop
certain works, already contracted for, until the
Treasury is, in someway—they do not know how j
—replenished. In other words, they propose to j
bequeath to the next Administration the debts, j
contracts,&c., which they have created, but can-
not pay and carry out. All that is withheld now,
which the law requires to be paid, will have to
I be provided for by the next Congress; and then
' these gentlemen will swear that the Black Repub-
| hcans have increased the expenditures. But I
am bound to presume that these movements are
sincere. If, however, the Treasury was in good
condition, and the Democratic party was not un-
der the load, I very much doubt if we should hear
much about retrenchment from that quarter. It
is evidently desirable to make a show of virtu- j
ous indignation at the way the money has been
lavished and squandered. We have all heard of
the man who locked the barn-door after the horse
was stolen. Gentlemen are frightened for their
party; and they simply propose to put off pay-
ment where they can, and to borrow What'iftust
be had, without providing any means for pay-
ing it.
That the expenses of this Government have in-
creased to anenormous extent, within a fewyears,
no one can deny. Within seven years they have
gone up from §48,000,000 to $80,000,000. No ex-
traordinary circumstances have occurred to cause
this increase. It has been caused by profligate, j
corrupt, and wanton extravagance, and by noth- !
ing else. The patronage of the Executive has i
been vastly augmented, for th&|>ui'pose of giving I
greater facilities to the party in power. Men j
have beseiged and beset every department of the j
Government for fat jobs and contracts. Salaries j
have been increased and offices multiplied. There |
is now an army of Federal office-holders, num-
bering nearly,if not quite, one hundred thousand
men. They cover the land like the frogs of
Egypt. ' ' ■
The Queen of England is said to be the "fount-
ain of honor;" the President of the United States
is the source of patronage. He presides over the
entire system of appointments, jobs, and con-
tracts. He dispenses, to a large extent, the
$80,000,000 annually. The rule of action has ;
been," the President wants my vote and support, and j
J want his patronage; I toill vote as he wishes^ Iwill ,
support such measures as he supports, and he will give i
me and my friends the offices We desire." At the
present time, presidential influence and dictation
is much less potent than it has been during six
years past. This results partly from the fact that
the Treasury is empty, and'partly from other
causes. I rejoice that the "one-man power" has
received a check. It can never be brought within
safe and proper limits until the President is shorn
of-a'large'share of the patronage he now wields.
" {The Ad'miniStration, within five years, has had'
several heavjrjobs, wh.ich.ha.ye not been carried-
"through without great expenditares. I have not
the least dpubt that $20,00Q,0j)0 of the people's
money has go.ne, >vithin tiiat time, directly or in-
directly, to carry measures an$ elections; to pay
for burying the dcadand providing for the'woun<J-
ed; in paying salaries created for party favorites-,
an.d for'cheating the,people generally.' ThfrpeoJ
pie. of the free States have been hard' to conquer-,
and there has been an, alarming"demand for pat-
ronage a/id .money, by those .who have under-
taken -the-job., Of c.ourse the money has been
appropriated for various purposes—much'for buy-
ing sites' for. custom-houses,.court-houses, post
offices, &c., and for building, the samei'much for
expenses at the navy-yards; much for supplies
for the ArmyV'and .for transporting the tome;
much f?r work and. materials Pn the public build-
ings and the aqueduct, in this city; and much for
mail service, and for contracts and jobs generally.
The deficiency bills have been very large, espe-
cially the one last year. , ' .
, The Senator from Georgia, Mr. Toombs, in1 a
recent able speech on extravagant expenditures,
thus condemns his own party:
"Now, sir, are tho $73fOOO,OQO of estimates for the iie^t
fiscal year, to which the Senator from Pennsylvania called
our attention, necessary? Will any man pay that they are
all necessary expenses'; that thov are all proper expenses;
that the money is all to be e.\pemleii to promote the inter-
ests ot a great and free -people? Nodody has said so; but
the advocates of taxation say we must increase the rev-
enue. Some say retrenchment is with Congress; others
say Congress can do nothing without the Executive. , Tlia
tiutli is, the fault is with both; "it is with the executive and
the legislative departments. They have both departed from
the true track. They tuiue loth encouraged extraordinary,
unnccessaiy, projligaic', and many of them corrupt, expendi-
tures."
I will call another witness. On the 23d Febru-
ary, 1852, about ono year before Franklin Pierce
and his party took the Government in charge,
.Tames Buchanan wrote a letter about extrava-
gance, from which I take the following extract:
" These expenditures have now reached the enormous
sum of §50,000,000 per annum, and unless arrested in their
advance by the'stiong arm of the Democracy of the coun-
try, may, in the course of a few years, reach $100,000,000."
Seven years have passed, and the " strong arm
of the Democracy," instead of arresting the ad-
vance, has carried the amount to $80,000,000. In
five years more the same arm would carry it to
" $100,000,000." In the same letter, he says:
" I am convinced that our expenses ought to be consider-
ably reduced below the present standard."
That is, §50,000,000. It is perfectly clear that
neither he nor his party, although in power nearly
all the time since, has done what'he then said
ought to be done. They have actually increased
the amount $30,000,000 per annum, or more than
one third in less than seven years. And what is
still more remarkable, in this time of depression,
the same man and the same party propose and
seriously ad vocate an appropriation of $30,000,000
in addition to the annual expenditures, to be placed
in the hands of the Executive, to be used as he
sees fit; but ostensibly for the pxirpose of aiding
negotiations for the purchase of Cuba. Every
man of common sense knows, that if this money
is appropriated and the object accomplished, it
will require more than $200,000,000 to complete
the bargain; and that, whether accomplished oc
not, it will increase the power and patronage of
the Executive to a most dangerous extent. The
accretions of power at the center of the Govern-
ment are already enough to alarm the people.
The made land of Executive, centralized power,
has extended, and is extending, far into the ocean
of popular rights.
It is well known that nearly one half of the
annual expenditures (about $40,000,000) go for
the support of the Army and Navy. Here is
the field for reform and reduction. We now
have a standing Army of about twenty thousand
men, supported at an annual cost of nearly
$20,000,000. Within my recollection the Army
has increased three-fold, and the cost of its sup-
port nearly four-fold. During Mr. Fillmore's ad-
ministration, the Army expenditures averaged less
