1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
35th Cong....2d Sjess.
Extravagance of the Democratic Pariy-
-Mr. Or agin.
Ho. of Reps.
than $9,000,000, and we had the same extent of
country we now have. Here I take another ex-
tract from the speech of Senator Toombs, as fol-
lows:
" It was not until tlie year 1853-53 that the expenses of
the Array ever got to two figures in millions in lime of peace.
Never, before 1850-51, in time of peace, did they reach
$10,000,000. When I came into Congi ess, the Army ex-
penses ranged fiomfive million two hundicd thousand to
five million seven hundred thousand dollars. Dunng the
Mexican wai, of course, they increased, and alter that they
wcie, one year, .*9.000.000, another $8,000,000, another
$9,000,000, and never mote than $10,(*00,000 until 1852-53.
JUuring tho&e years we had all the Indians and all the Mex-
icans we now have. Our terntoiv then was more sparsely
settled than it is now. Wc had not five hundred thousand
people in California; we had not one hundred thousand or
one hundred arid fifty thousand m Oregon and Washing-
ton ; but we had to defend the people on the Pacific, in
a few straggling settlements, with tioopp, and then the
Amy cost Ub §9,<i00,000. Now it costs $18,000,000, with-
out counting the Mormon war. That was a side job, which
had its eight or ten millions to itt-eif. It now costs*
$18,000,000 a year lor the maintenance of youi Army; with-
in a few millions of what it aveiaged dining the hut wai
with Great Butam. The expendituies tor the Army, duinig
that war, averaged about Unity million dollars, and you
had four hundred andfitty thousand soldieis in the field.
During the Mexican war, the whole expenses of the Gov-
ernment did not, m a yeai, exceed $00,000.000; and yet, you
called out seventy-five thousand men, and gave them mag-
nificent pensions and bounties of public lands ; and Uiey
went with alacuty, they acted with nu^t distinguished coin-
ago, and they ^hed luster on the name of their eountty. No
soldiers ever fought bet term any me;e war of invasion, and
noue were entitled to higher conndeiation fioin the coun-
try. Then you earned on the Government !< i 0,
and afterwards, in time of peace, you brougnt it down to
$4b 000,000."
The reduction of the Army is demanded by
every consideration of economy and expediency.
And especially is it necessary to reduce the num-
ber of officers and hangers-on of the Army. The
time was when a standing At my of twenty thou-
sand men, in time of peace, would have alaimed
the pcoplcof thiscountry andalmost driven them
to revolution. The sentiment of the people on this
subject found embodiment in the Constitution.
That instrument teaches us to rely on our militia
of freemen, who will volunteer for the defense of
their rights. The fathers of the Republic were
very jealous of standing armies, and sought to
place the military power of the Government under
the control of the civil authority. The power of
Congress to appropriate money for the use of the
Army, for more than two years, is prohibited by
the Constitution. It would be well for us to study
the early precepts and precedents on this subject.
President Madison, in his inaugural address,
"The militia is the firmest bulwark of icpubhcs. With-
out standing annies their liberties can never be in danger,
nor with large ones sate."
General Jackson, in his inaugural, says:
'•Considering standing armies as dangerous to free Gov-
ernments, in time ot poa.ee, I shall not seek to enlaige our
pioe-ent establishment.5'
Then, I believe, numbering about five thousand
men.
I have said that it is not the policy of our Gov-
ernment to maintain large standing armies. The
policy has been to supporta small establishment,
to protect our frontiers against Indian depreda-
tions, and to seive as a skeleton for constructing
an effective army in time of war. An establish-
ment of six or eight thousand men, with a proper
number of officers, liberally educated in the arts
of war, is amply sufficient at this time. Such a
reduction would be a blessing to the country, and
would stive the Treasury an annual expenditure
of $10,000,000.
There is another view of this subjcct, which
ought to arrest the attention of the country. Of
late the practice has prevailed of employing the
Army to put down fancied or real insuirecuons
among our own people, and in aiding the execu-
tion of the functions of civil officeis. In my judg-
ment, this is a plain and palpable violation of the
Constitution. It is one of the very abuses and
evils which the founders of the Government feared
might ipsult from a standing army. It strength-
ens the arm of the Executive, already the con-
trolling power of the Government, and unites the
swoi'J and purse in the hands of one man. If the
Annv may be used as a po^c, comitaius to enforce
the execution of law at the discretion of the Pres-
ident, there is no tyranny that may not be prac-
New Series—No. 12.
ticed upon the people. A hired soldiery has no
discretion but to obey orders; and, under the com-
mand of a reckless ty rant or partisan, may butcher
the people in cold blood. The scenes in Wash-
ington, where the marines shot down twelve or
fourteen unoffending citizens, at the command of
arbitrary power; and in Kansas, where usurpa-
tion and invasion of the rights of the people were
protected and encouraged by the military arm of
the Executive; where cruel and unjust laws were
enforced at the point of the bayonet, all admon-
ish us of the dangers that may result from this
assumption of Executive power. The Constitu-
tion authorizes Congress " to provide for calling
forth the militia, [not the regular Army,] to exe-
cute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrec-
tions, and repel invasions." Congress has passed
laws for the purpose of calling forth the militia in
such cases; but the President has assumed the
right to use the standing Jinny, That such use
is unconstitutional, and contrary to law, I have
no doubt. Being so, it affords another reason
why the Army should be reduced, and this dan-
gerous usurpation of power taken from the Exec-
utive.
I am not prepared to say that any reduction of
the Navy should be made. While the proper
and legitimate objects for which our Army was
established have not increased during the last ten
years, but rather diminished, the noble objects
for which the Navy is employed are increasing
daily. Our maritime interests are being extended
over the whole world. The Navy constitutes our
best standing security against foreign aggression.
It protects our commerce, displays our skill in
navigation, and carries our flag and the fame of
our arms to the remotest parts of the globe. We
have had no increaro in the number of seamen
in tiie Navv, and, 1 believe, no increase of ships
under naval appropriations for some years. The
few ships that wc have built, within six or eight
years, have been constructed by special appro-
priations. There lias been no increase of com-
pensation for officers or men in the Navy for twen-
ty-five years.
While I would not diminish the floating force
or efficiency of the Navy, especially at this time,
when all the signs indicate that the African slave
trade is about to be reopened, m violarton of law,
and in spite of the Government, I have no doubt
that many abuses exist in the land department of
this branch of the service. We have about eight
thousand seamen m the naval service, and about
eight thousand men connected with the navy-
yards. While there has been no increase in the
former, the latter have, within a few years, in-
creased from three thousand to eight thousand.
I have no doubt that half the present number is
amply sufficient. The expenses of the navy-yards
have increased more than three-fold, since 1852.
The knife should be applied here, and millions of
dollars could be saved. I confidently believe that
it would be far better for the Government if one
half of the navy-yards were abolished and sold.
They are nests of corruption; and the woik that
is done there could, ordinarily, be better and
cheaper done by private parties. That groat cor-
ruption and frauds are practiced, in contracting
for naval stores, and for work and materials about
the yards, there can be no doubt. In the laraer
cities they are made political machines, and used
to influence elections. No man can find employ-
ment there unless he will vote as ordeied by the
power that gives him support. About election
day u frequently happens that then; is need for
large numbers of men at these yards. It is un-
derstood that this was the case in Philadelphia
and New York, last fall. J have known such ex-
igencies to arise atPortsmouth, in my own State.
I have no doubt the expenses of the Navy might
be reduced $4,000,000 annually, and not materi-
ally diminish its usefulness. Upon this subject
i quote from the speech ol Mr. Toombs, as t'ol- ]
lows: |
''Your appioprsations for navy-jm<!  have sine to r!ip ,
1-mil ne: of liou-e - I m ciiid iik. km;: limvn i> >t-. an J I
all linn hmd of th-ns, at a o! v >,00.j,t e;). nid i; will '
he no le-H as long a-> > on will i>;sy it. hut n will a \ up !o ;
£-i.OOO,OOJ, it you do nor >top it. T.iere aie JJKm.naoniat |
you hci\ c no need for at ail. You have ei^ht tlmu-and ><nl- j
ors to man vour Navy ; von have not inctea&ed them of j
late years; and vou have eight thousand men in your navy- 1
yards to help them—civilians. You have carried th§ numr
her up from three thousand to eight thousand., There is
discretion. You have eightiVary-yards ; England has over
five hundred and fifty ships, and she has two navy-yards.
You have eight, conveniently located, all about "through the
country, and it is a cause of reproach to good Democrats,
for the enemy say we keep people there to cheat them in £lec~
iions ; <ind, as (rod. is my judge, T am afraid there is some-
thing in it.*'
Much move could be said upon these subjects,
but my proposed limits will not allow me-to say
more at this time. My examination has fully
satisfied me that a reduction of the expenses at-
tending the Army and. Navy must be made before
there can be any material retrenchment in our
national expenditures. There are other branches
of the public service that need attending to; in-
deed, corruption and extravagance have crept in
everywhere. I cannot follow them to all their
hiding places; but I will refer to a few other mat-
ters, which seem to have been concealed from the
keen eyes of those who seem so eager to retrench
in little things. We have here a beautiful and
magnificent structure—a Capitol worthy of the
nation. I would not have it less magnificent.
But that vast sums of money—millions—have been
thrown away, and worse than wasted, upon un-
necessary work, and upon needless and ridiculous
show and flummery, and in paying unreasonable
and extravagant prices for necessary things, no
one can deny. The corner-stone of the extension
was laid on the 4th of July, 1851. The architect,
Thomas XJ. Walter, in his report of December 23,
1851, to the Secretary of the Interior, says:
" I have estimated the cost of executing the entire design,
in accordance with the drawing1? and models, the whole to
be faced with white marble, and finished in a substantial
and woikmanhke manner, and find that cveiy expense
will be covered by $0,075,000. This estimate-is founded
upon the assumption that the interior of the new building
will not bo more expensively finished than the present Uap-
itol ; if, theiW'orc, it bhonld bo hei^after decided to intro-
duce aiehnecturul embellishments of a more ornate and
expensive clunaUer> the cost will be proportionately aug-
iih nred.*>
The appropriations for this work have already
reached the sum of $5,075,000, and the estimates
call for $500,000 more for the next year, making
$5,575,000. The Capitol will be far from comple-
tion then. If the present plans are carried out,
and Congress will supply the money, the^ entire
cost will not be less than $8,000,000. This does
not include the dome, which alone will cost over
$1,000,000 in addition. Over $600,000 have al-
ready been appropriated for the dome. The origi-
nal appropriation was §1GU,000, which many mem-
bers of Congress supposed would complete it.
When General Pierce came to the presidential
chair, $1,000,000 had been appropriated for the
Capitol extension. The work was being per-
formed under the direction of the Interior Depart-
ment. It was soon after transferred to the War
Department, and an Army officer detailed to super-
intend and direct the work. From that time ex-
travagances commenced, until the original esti-
mates are already more than doubled, and the
work is far from being completed. On the J 1th
of August, 3856, the President sent a message to
the House, transmitting a report of the Secretary
of War, in reply to a resolution of the House of
Representatives of May 26, 1856, in relation to
the Capitol and Post Office extensions. From that
report I make the following extract:
'•Captain M. C. Meigs, supeiintendent, has the general
control oi the work, makes all purchases, directs all con-
struction, employ?, all agents, and disburses t he funds."
Again, in the report of Captain Meigs, (Exec-
utive Document No. 139, first session of thcThir-
ty-Fourth Congress,) will be found the follow-
ing—the words of Meigs, himself:
" Montgomery O. .Meigs ha*, under the direction of the
Secietaiy"of War, jreneiai authority and control of the work,
and of all persons employed thereon; designing the whole
inJeiwr construction and arrangement of the building; de-
cides the style of designs, plans, and diawing* of modes of
conduction; appoints, all agents and persons employed ;
make? .ill baigainsand puioha.-e* : dnhunes the money; su-
p< i intend* the foremen ; and is re-.poo-.ible lot the construc-
tion and execution of the woik generally.
Here is almost unlimited power and discretion.
It is evident that the original designs of the archi-
tect have been much changed, especially as to
the " interior" finish. I cannot go far into de-
tails, but I propose to show a few things from of-
ficial documents, and some others from equally
