800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8.
tSOnery. It operates to the public prejudice and
the pabiicjrnj'ury.
That is,not all, Mr. Chairman. We hearcon-
gtunVcompiaints of the quality and price of the
stationery furnished to members of the\House.
We have, too,-to pay two officials for talcing care
of'the stationery room. You pay $1,500 a year to
a man to take care of the stationery. We pay for a
mfra.ber of wagons to circulate it, because mem-
bers csQiftdtf&n'd "wrll not, take it under their arms,
as I do anything-! may purchase in town, and
tak&ithome with them, f would ratherdo that;
for I dislike to have anotherwith the bundle trudg-
ing army heels. ] do not got my paper here,
however;"and why? Because, sir, 1 can got iton
better terms in the stores. I hear a member re-
ferring to my remaik about our being waited
upon. Every one of us likes it. But, sir, it is
not correct in principle. Here we have wagons
to carry this stationery around, which is an ex-
pense in addition to what is paid to the officials
who take care of it. Strike out this appropria-
tion, and we will hear none of the complaints we
now hear. Then we can dispense with the.se
clerks and wagons, and wait upon ourselves.
[Here the hammer fell ]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I'have only a
word to say. The gentleman from Virginia pro-
ceeds upon the hypothesis that this stationery is
entirely for the benefit of the' membcis of this
House. It is for thc'bencfit of members, but it
is also for the use of the Clerk's office and (he
committee-rooms. If the gentleman wants to pre-
vent rnembeis from receiving any stationery, let
him reciuce the appropriation and provide that
members shall-not be supplied with any station-
ery under the appropriation.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Members are al-
lowed a "cerium sum of money for stationery by
a resolution of the House; so that if this appro-
priation is sti icken out, that it-solution is left out-
standing, and the member then will receive the
money and can provide his own stationery.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The gen;3euinn
does not unduiatcind iho point I have made. lie
has hot listened to what 1 have said. Under this
appropriation stationery is puichased for the
clerks of the House, and for the commitfee-
rooms.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I understand that.
Mr. PHELPd, of Missouri. The gentleman's
proposition is to strike out the whole appropria-
tion, thus leaving no monev with which to fur-
nish stationery to the Clerk's office and the com-
mittee-rooms.
Mi. SMITH, of Virginia. Wo have an im-
mense amount of stationery on hand, and there
is no difficulty about proper provision for the next
Congress until it can decide the question for it-
self. I do not think there will be any deficiency.
If there is, there will bo time enough next session
to supply it.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not the law, as it now
stands, require the Clerk of the House, before he
goes out of office, to advertise for stationery for
the succeeding Congress? is he not bound to do
it? Must he not execute the law?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The act of 1843
requires the Clerk to invito pioposals for station-
ery. It is his duty, under that act, to advertise
for proposals for the delivery of Stationeiy for the
use of the succeeding Congress.
The amendment of Mr. Smith, of Virginia, was
rejected.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Mew York, f move to amend
by striking out, m lines ninety-tive and ninety-
six, the words, " and saddle-horses,'* and by re-
ducing the appropiiation to $5,000. My object
is to follow up what has been said by other gen-
tlemen here: that whenever a mutter is for the
personal convenience of members, they should
economize there. ] am informed that these saddle-
horses are forthe members, and only for the mem-
bers, and that keeping them is wholly a matter of
personal convenience to members.
Member's, (all over the Hall.) JNjme them.
Mr. RUFFIN. I do not like such a statement
to go before the country. I never heard of such
a thing in my life, before. The saddle-horses are
kept for messengers to go to the Departments and
elsewhere, and are not kept for members.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I will explain.
Mr. ADRAIN. I wish to ask a question.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. • I wish first to
answer the remark of the gentleman from North
Carolina, [Mr. Ruffin.]
Mr, ADRAIN. I merely wish to ask the gen-
tleman from New York, wnether he has ever rid-
den any of these horses? . ~
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I have not. I
would say, in answer to the gentleman from North
Carolina, that I, yesterday, called upon ons of
the clerks who is familiar with thesesubjects,.and
I* was told that these saddle-horses were for the
personal convenience of members, and might be
stricken out.
Mr. SEWARD. I want the gentleman to name
the clerk.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York, It is more than
possible that some of these horses are used by
messengers in going errands. But that they have
been used by members, and for their personal
convenience, I have not the slightest doubt.
Mr. FLORENCE. Let us have the names of
the members.
Mr. CRAIG, of North Carolina. I wish to
know who they are.
Mr. MILES. Let us know who these caval-
iers are.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. These horses
are also used, Mr. Chairman, for sending mes-
sengers on personal and private errands. There-
fore, they are a mere personal convenience to
members. It is more than possible, I repeat, that
they are used sometimes for messengers on pub-
lic business. But we can dispense with theiruse;
I am so advised by a respectable party connected
with the Clerk's office. As to the carriages and
other horses, I understand they are used for carry-
ing documents from the folding-room to the post
office, and to the rooms of members. But the sad-
dle-horses can bo dispensed with; and this appro-
pi iation, therefore, may,and ought to be, reduced.
Mr. RUFFIN. I desire to make a few remarks
in reply to the gentleman from New York. I
hnve hoard a good many things against members
of Congress, but I really never heard anything
Tike this bcfoie. I think this is one of the charges
which, if not true, ought to be repelled. I never
before heard of a member of Congress using any
of these horses; and if any member has done a
thing of this kind, we ought to know who he is.
Mr. LETCHER. It strikes me that we have
known several gentlemen in this House who ride
hobby-horses. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes; and that, no doubt,
is the horse the committee is riding on now.
[Lnughtor.] ^
Mi. RUFFIN. These horses, as I understand,
are in almost constant use during the session of
the House. They are used by messengers, going
to and returning from the Departments. 1 know
that the committees are also in the habit of send-
ing off messengers in the same way. The matter
was thoroughly discussed before the Committee
of Accounts, when I was a member of it; and I
know that these saddle-horses were considered
very nercssaiy. I should like the gentleman from
New York, or the clerk from whom he got his
infoimation, to designate the members who ever
used any of these horses for their personal con-
venience.
Mr. TAYLOR, ofNew York. I state in answer
to the e;eml*eman from North Carolina, that I
know of no member of the House who has ever
enjoyed that privilege. Yesterday, while scrutin-
izing the appropriations in this bill, Mr. Buck
came to my desk on some business. I had the
bill before me, and had marked off several amend-
ments, which I proposed to offer. I proposed to
move to strike out this clause entirely. He re-
marked that that would not be right, as the horses
and carriages were needed for carrying docu-
ments about the city, and were constantly m use;
hut he said that these saddle-horses were a per-
sonal convenience for the members, and might be
stricken out. I make no charges against members
of the House. I believe they are as honorable
men as can be found anywhere.
Mr. RUFFIN. I think I understand now 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In justice to
Mr. Buck, the clerk whose name has been men-
tioned, 1 ask the gentleman was he not intended
to be understood that these horses were for the
personal convenience of members in sending off
packages and messengers ?
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Mr. Buck may
have intended that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I presume
he did. I never heard such a thing.
Mr. RUFFIN. These horses are used forthe
public business; and I can see no impropriety
whatever in retaining this provision of the bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Taylor's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. GARNETT. I move to amend by limit-
ing the expenditure to the session of Congress,
and reducing the amount to $2,500. I find by
the accounts of the contingent expenses of the
House, that these horses and carriages are not
merely used during the session of Congress, but
during the whole recess. Horses and carriages
are keptfor the Postmaster, the Sergeant-at-Arms,
and the Clerk, during the whole of the recess.
Now, I can imagine no use for them, during the
recess; and, therefore, I propose to limit the ap-
propriation to the session of Congress.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I am informed
that these expenditures are necessary for the en-
suing fiscal year. It is not intended, under this
head of appropriation, that any horses or car-
riages shall be kept in use, unless they are ac-
tually needed. The Committee of Accounts have
full control over that matter; and if there have
been more used than were required for the public
business, it is the fault of that committee. None
of these accounts can be paid unless the Commit-
tee of Accounts certify to and approve of them.
I think the gentleman is wrong m limiting the
use of these horses and carriages to the session
of Congress. They are employed during the re-
cess in transmitting messages from the Clerk of
the House to the Treasury Department, and else-
where. So far as the employment of a horse and
carriage for the Sergeant-at-Arms, during the re-
cess of Congress, is concerned, I think it was
wholly unnecessary and wrong.
Mr. HOUSTON, i want to call the attention
of the gentleman from Missouri to one thing.
Mr. GARNETT. I do not yield the floor
further. I find that throughout there is the same
amount charged for horses during the recess that
there is during the session. Now, sir, there can-
not. be the same necessity for theiruse during the
recess as during the session. And not only that,
but I find that during the session of 1853-54—a
long session—the appropriation under this head
was only $3,200. Now, why this increase? We
have no more members now than we had then;
or only two or three more. It is impossible that
more money can be properly required to be ex-
pended under that head now than then. I there-
fore propose to limit the appropriation to the
session of Congress, and to reduce the amount as
I have stated.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Mis-
souri will refer to the report of the Clerk of the
House of Representatives of the receipts and ex-
penditures of the contingent fund of the House,
lie will find that during the recess between the last
Congress and this one, commencing on the 4th of
Maich, 1857, for the entire length of tim./- the
Clerk of the House and the Postmaster of the
House, employed four horses and carriages; and
one was also allowed, and paid for, for the use of
the Sergeant-at-arms, who, I presume, was not
in the city at all, or if at all, but for a brief visit.
For the whole eight or nine months of that recess
he was paid two dollars per day for the use of a
horse and carnage. And this appropriation is to
give the same privilege to the Sergeant-at-arms
for the next recess, when he lias no messages to
send, as the gentleman says the Clerk has. And
your Postmaster can find no use at all for horses
during the recess, or but very little use; yet the
charge continues the same.
Mr. BURNETT. I will say to the gentleman
from Alabama that my impression is that there is
as much need for carnages and horses for the use
of the Post Office of this House during the recess
as during the session. .They have to be con-
stantly employed in carrying the books which are
brought to the folding-room from your Public
Printer, to the citypostoffi.ee. During the recess
of Congress of which the gentleman speaks, my
recollection is that I received seven or eight bags
of public documents sent through the mail.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will look
into this matter, he will find that this service of
which he speaks was paid for as an extra expense.
It is not included in this item. You will find in
line one hundred and eleven an appropriation of
