180
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revision of the Tariff—-Mr. Montgomery.
Ho. of Reps.
ders belonged to each of the old thirteen States.
The Articles of Confederation gave Congress no
power over the subject, and it was one of the
strongest arguments in favor of the new Consti-
tution—that this power would thereby be vested
in the central Government, and the laws regulat-
ing the intercourse, as well between the several
States as foreign nations, would be uniform and
consistent. Previous to the adoption of the Con-
stitution, the several States had local laws on this
subject; and conflicts of a dangerous and exciting
character were likely to grow out of this compli-
catedjurisdiction. In 1785,the Legislative Assem-
bly of" Pennsylvania passed laws regulating com-
merce, and similar enactments will be found in
other States. This power was given up by the
States to the Government of the Union. It was
not extinguished nor relinquished, but merely
transferred from the Legislatures of the States
to the Legislature of the Union. Viewed in this
light, we sac how consistent the legislation of the
First Congress was with this constitutional grant.
The men who framed that Constitution wore the
same who left us the light of their interpretation
to guide us in after years. Many of the commer-
cial laws passed by the First Congress are yet in
force, and have received the approbation of every
succeeding Congress and of the nation, through
many long years. Yet those laws not only pro-
tect our home industry, but actually prohibit for-
eign competition.
The power u to regulate commerce" is given in
the constitution. Those who deny the constitu-
tional power of Congress to pass protective laws,
must interpret "regulate" to mean let commerce
alone—for that is what they ask us to do. We
on the contrary, ask Congress to control, guard,
foster,and encourage our commercial intercourse;
to do what all other civilized nations have done,
and are doing; we ask the passage of laws to
make our commerce profitable and advantageous;
not only a source of a revenue, but a means of
increasing our welfare and happiness, by build-
ing up our own manufactures and stimulating and
increasing our productive industry and wealth.
Judge between us, which is the better interpreta-
tion. And here, I might leave this subject, but
I prefer to show that even the enemies of pro-
tection, the men who make this objection, have,
and still do sanction by their acts and votes, the
constitutional power of this Government to pro-
tect our own industry, even by prohibitory laws
and bounties. Under the power to legulatc com-
merce, the first Congress passed laws confining
the coast trade to American ships. This law is
still in force, and is deemed eminently wise and
just by nil. I am its friend, yet this is not only
protection, but protection by prohibition. Look at
the bounty of $200,000 paid annually to those
engaged m cod-fishing. This is another phase
of the same power to regulate commerce, not only
protecting, but actually taking money from our
Treasury as a bounty to stimulate the industiy
and enterprise of our people. Let those who
doubt our constitutional power to protect remem-
ber the embargo advised and signed by Mr. Jeffer-
son. Was he a Democrat, and did he understand
our Constitution ? Again, if the authority to pro-
tect our industry is not vested in Congress by the
Constitution, wo present the strange anomaly of
a nation without a power possessed by every other
civilized people on the globe—a conclusion so ab-
surd, that it will not bear a moment's consider-
ation.
I have made this hasty examination of this
branch of the question by way of suggestion to
those who think the Constitution a stumbling
block to the levy of protective duties.
Although I consider the constitutional power
vested in Congress, ample to authorize us to pass
all nocessary protective laws, yet I do not advo-
cate the passage of prohibitory laws, nor claim
protection for the sake of protection only. All I ask
for Pennsylvania is the passage of laws which,
whilst they do not prohibit trade, so discriminate
in the duties imposed, as incidentally to foster,
encourage, and protect our agricultural and me-
chanical interests. No tariff ever was levied m
this country which did not make discriminations.
Discrimination necessarily becomes protection;
and I regard it as wise and just; and whilst this
system continues, I, for one, will never consent
to any law which robs Pennsylvania of her share
in these incidental advantages. I regard the tariff
law of 1857 as an outrage on the interests of
Pennsylvania, and I am for its immediate repeal.
The tariff of 1846 had been in force for eleven
years; under it the nation was happy, contented,
and prosperous; and its repeal was an impertinent
and disastrous interference with a law, which
experience had shown to be wise and wholesome.
There is nothing the manufacturing interests of
the country so much dread as this uncertainty in
legislation. That the world isgoverned too much
is certainly true; but especially is it true in rela-
tion to tariffs. When a law operates well, let it
alone. Hands off, should be our motto. Laws,
under which hundreds of millions are invested,
should be changed only in extreme cases, and
with the greatest caution and prudence.
I would prefer specific to ad valorem duties; yet,
in the main, the tariff act of 1846 had worked so
satisfactorily, and we had been so prosperous
under it, that I dare not condemn it. Change the
form of the duties, and restore it, and make it
sacred from the tinkering hand of tyro legisla-
tors, and prosperity will be restored, and the 1 reas-
ury replenished.
I am the earnest advocate of specific duties; and
I regard the ad valorem principle which prevails
in the act of 1816 as its most serious objection.
The principle of ad valorem duties is impolitic,
and tho revenue derived from any tariff founded
upon it must be fluctuating and uncertain. How
can we rely on a permanent revenue from a tariff
whose duties fluctuate with the price of the arti-
cles oil which they are levied ? You levy twenty
^pr cent, on a given article; the ten thousand
causes, which are ever operating on the market,
reduce the price of that article fifty or a hundred
per cent.; your duties arc diminished m the same
proportion. The importer doubles his imports
in times when the price has been reduced, yet the
Government only receives from him the same
duty formerly received for one half the quantity
of goods.
Ad valorem duties have four evil effects. First,
the Government, under such duties, never can con-
fidently rely upon a certain revenue. Secondly,
such duties arc easily avoided by false invoices
and other fraudulent contrivances; and, thirdly,
m times of greatest financial distress, on account
of the cheapness of the price, it stimulates to
overtrading and plunges the nation in debt when
least able to pay. This drains the precious metals
from us to meet the accumulating oalanceof trade
which stands against us on the ledgers of other
nations. Fourthly, the reduction of the duty by
the fall in the price brings our manufacturers in
direct competition with the products of other
countries at the very time when the financial pres-
sure makes thern least able to bear it.
The recommendation of the President on the
subject of specific duties cannot be too highly
commended. In the name of Pennsylvania and
of the country, I thank lam for it. Ihe wisdom
of his advice will be remembered by the nauon
in times to come, and the principle of specific
duties will never need a clearer argument to sus-
tain it than he has given us.
For forty years the representative of a State
deeply interested in the collection of the revenue,
Mr. Buchanan has, perhaps, a more enlarged ex-
perience, a more comprehensive knowlege of the
operation of our tariff laws, than any man now
living. Let not, then, the calm, enlightened coun-
sel he has given us, be treated with neglect. Let
us cost aside our prejudices and examine the ques-
tion as he has done, and, my word for it, our con-
clusions will agree with his.
The yard-stick and the scales cannot be cheated
by fraudulent invoices. No combination of the
manufacturers and importers will make a yard
shorter than three feet, or a pound lighter than it
| is. No financial embarrassment, no reduction in
! price, will diminish the length or weight of the
import. Your banks may suspend; your prices
may depreciate; all other things may fluctuate;
but when the duty is so much per yard, or so
much per pound, there will be permanence and
uniformity. The temptation to overdealing when
the price is low will be checked, because the duty
is unchanging. The disastrous effects on our
manufacturers and producers of a reduction of the
price and the duty m the periodical financial em-
barrassments which pass over our country, will
not so frequently occur. The manufacturer,when
he invests his capital in machinery and materials,
will have the assurance that he will have the in-
cidental advantage of a certain and specific duty.
The same sum, levied in an unchanging and cer-
tain form, will afford him a surer and better pro-
tection than a higher, though fluctuating duty.
The manufacturer as well as the Treasury needs
certainly a thing, which never can be attained
under ad valorem duties. You levy the duty on
the value, and the value changes, and with it the
duty changes; but when you levy the duty on
the pound or the yard, the price may change, but
the weight, measure, and protection, remain the
same. The recommendation of the President is
sustained by the practice of nearly everv civil-
ized commercial nation on earth. The revenue
laws of England, France, and Russia, impose
specific duties almost entirely. The experience
of centuries has demonstrated the wisdom and
propriety of specific imposts; and we should not
forget its lessons. Let us learn from other com-
mercial nations, and follow their example.
It may be difficult in the beginning to adjust
the rates of duty on many articles, where the re-
semblance is so close as to deceive the officers;
but experience will soon teach us the defects of a
new system, and enable us to correct them. Many
kinds of cotton goods of very different value, are
so much alike in appearance that ordinary judges
would be deceived. Yet it is equally true that the
difference is perfectly apparent to those convers-
ant with such business. It therefore only re-
quires a certain amount of knowledge to obviate
trie difficulty which arises from resemblance of
one thing to another.
Nor has this objection any weight in case of
specific duties which is not equally applicable to
a duty on the value; for, if the resemblance is so
great as to prevent ordinary judges from detect-
ing important differences, they can no more tell
its value in one case than another; and the resem-
blance which deceives the officer as to the class
to which it belongs, will also deceive him as to its
price; so that the objection is applicable to all
systems alike, and has therefore no weight when
urged especially against specific duties.
Pennsylvania has a deep interest in the proper
adjustment of this irnportantquestion. The fires
of her forges and furnaces have gone out; her
glass works are no longer in blast; her coal is
brought in ruinous competition with the products
of the mines of Nova^cotia, and her wool is re-
duced in price by the importations from aboad.
Every interest that Pennsylvania had in the tariff
was stricken down by the act of 1857. The ad-
vantage she derived from the incidental protection
of former tariffs wan reduced, and her products
were brought into competition with imported ar-
ticles, under practical free trade.
This state of things demands redress; and in
the name of justice we demand it. Pennsylvania
pays a large share in the expenses of this Govern-
vnent,and she has ajust right to demand her share
in the advantages derived from the imposition and
collection of duties. If, in adjusting our duties
on imports, we incidentally give aid and encour-
agement to particular branches of industry, why
should the industry and staple productions of my
State be forgotten ? Let any man take up the
tariff act of 1857,and say,if he can,thatPennsyl-
vania is fairly dealt with. A monetary crisis was
then regarded as at a distance; by the passage of
that act you destioyed public confidence, and pre-
cipitated it upon the country at once. Inspired
by the firm belief that, at the present session of
Congress, wise legislation would supply the ob-
noxious provisions of that odious law, public con-
fidence is slowly reviving. Pass a judicious and
properly-consiclcred tariff, and prosperity will
soon smile throughout the land, and the palsied
arm of industry will again grow strong; labor will
find employment, and content and happiness will
go abroad arm in arm.
Permit me for a few moments to call the atten-
tion of this House to the extent of interest Penn-
sylvania has in the revision of the tariff.
