1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
181
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revision of the Tariff—Mr. Montgomery.
Ho. of Reps.
Under the reciprocity treaty between the Uni-
ted States and England, in relation to the trade
between us and her North American possessions,
our Pennsylvania coal is brought into free com-
petition with the products of the inexhaustible
mines of Nova Scotia. This sacrifice was sub-
mitted to by us without a murmur, although the
biow fell heavily upon the industrial interests en-
gaged in that extensive branch of trade. Penn-
sylvania, with that generosity which has ever
distinguished her when a sacrifice was required
of her individually for the national interest, gave
up all claim to protection on coal, and entered
into competition with the most accessible and
greatest coal fields in the world. We are in-
formed, in a lecture delivered in this city, in the
Smithsonian buildings, by Professor Joseph Le
Conte, and published in the last report, that, ac-
accordmg to a geological examination made by
Messrs. Ly el and Dawson, " the coal stratum of
the Nova Scotia mines, at the South Joggms, is
about three miles thick. At the Albion mines,
one hundred miles distant, it is nearly the same;
and the coal basin is three thousand six hundred
square miles in extent, and of an average thick-
ness of a mile." Tl\ese immense deposits, easily
accessible by sea, are being mined at a vei y small
expense, and can be brought into our seaports in
immense quantities. Coal has, therefore, been
stricken from the list of articles on which Penn-
sylvania asks protection.
When the tariff act of ]857 was passed, there
was not a village on the Monongahela river in
which there was not one or more glass manufac-
tories in operation. A single manufactory is now
left, a last survivor of them all. The laborer is
idle; the fires have gone out; and the business is
suspended. Can all this change be attributed to
the financial embarrassment which has prevailed?
Was not a great portion of it owing to the pas-
sage of that act which threw open our ports to
the cheap products of other lands? Capitalists
want confidence before they risk their money,
and manufacturers must feel sure of a market be-
fore they are willing to investtheir funds in man-
ufactured products.
irotf.
There are said, by competent judges, to be
forty thousand persons engaged in the manufac-
ture of iron in the State of Pennsylvania. Wc
produce more iron than all the other States of the
Union, and about one third the quantity made in
Great Britain; as much as France; live times as
much as Russia or Sweden; and four times as
much as Belgium.
Gentlemen ask us to let our iron enter into
competition with England free of duty, or sub-
stantially so. Our iron manufacture is yet in its
infancy. Even now, however, products of equal
value can be produced almost as cheap in Penn-
sylvania as in England. But the kind of iron
which is sent here, and which enters into com-
petition with ours, is of an inferior quality—a kind
of article which is nowhere manufactured in our
country.
England is deeply interested in breaking down
our manufacturers. Pennsylvania is her greatest
rival fortheironmarketsof theworld. TheUnited
States is the greatest consumer of her iron; and
if she could destroy the Pennsylvania manufac-
turers, she would have a monopoly of our mar-
ket, and could increase the prices to any extent
without the fear of competition. For years she
has been attempting to destroy our forges and fur-
naces by bringing into the market railroad bars
so inferior in quality that its wear is, when com-
pared with Pennsylvania iron, as one to two. Hail-
road companies, m their eagerness to get a cheap
article, have been tempted "to buy it at nealy as
high a rate as they could have purchased Ameri-
can iron, which would have lasted twice as long.
English iron is excluded from the ports of Eu-
rope by the high rates of duty imposed upon it,
and she must either sell to us or have no buyers;
she has therefore persistently and earnestly re-
solved to secure the market of the United States;
end, as a preliminary step, she desires to blot out
of existence our iron manufactures, and I regret
to say that she finds active fillies in the free-
traders on this floor. France imposes a duty on
rolled iron of §41 75 per ton, and $15 50 on pig
metal. Russia and Sweden have each heavy du-
ties on iron. Shut out from the ports of Europe,
England must find a market here, or cease to be
an iron manufacturing nation. She knows this,
and her manufacturers are ready to sacrifice mil-
lions to secure a monopoly of our market.
It is estimated that forty thousand persons are
directly or indirectly employed in the iron man-
ufacture in Pennsylvania. Many of these persons
have been thrown out of employment by the dis-
astrous effects of the tariff of 1857. With this
evidence of the injurious consequences of that
law, why should we hesitate to wipe it from the
statute-book? We arc impoverishing the nation
by permitting the honest industry of these people
to remain without employment. It is their labor
which fashions the raw material and gives it value.
Go with me and inquire of what the most valuable
products of human labor are composed? What
is glass? A black stone is dug from the hills; a
fire is kindled with it, and the sands of the river
are gathered, and, with a quantity of potash, and
some other slight ingredients mingled together, H
is placed upon the fire, and glass is the valuable and
useful product. What is iron? Again the black
stone dug from the hills is fired, and another stone
is quarried and cast upon it, and the molten lava
that runs from the furnace is that most useful and
indispensable metal called iron. These are the
products of human labor. The raw materials are
valueless, until combined and modified by the in-
dustry of man. It is labor that makes us rich
and independent. It swells the mass of mateiial
wealth, varies our national pursuits, and makes
us a world within ourselves. The hand of natuie
formed these raw materials for the use of man,
buried them out of the way in the bowels of the
earth, or cast them by the river side, that man
might dig from these great tieasure-houaes as his
wonts required. God made Pennsylvania the land
of iron. J3y the side of the ore he buried the in-
exhaustible veins of coal, and then heaved the
level earth into mountains, that its wealth might
be accessible.
Let us not make war against the behest of the
Almighty. These mountains hold emboweled the
greatest source of national wealth and independ-
ence. Let us encourage the full development of
this inexhaustible treasure. Our iron manufac-
tures arc but in their infancy; give them time
and they will ripen into sturdy manhood. The
tender child needs the mother's care; but in the
fulness of years, it attains its growth and rejoices
in its strength. Give us but time, end foster and
protect us; permit capital, energy, and enter-
prise, skill and experience, to become invested
and enlisted m this business, and, my woul for
it, we will soon compete with England, not for
our own, but for the iron markets of th'> world.
The Pennsylvania iron manufacturers have had
much to do. They found these mineral deposits
m mountainous antlsparsely-peopled regions. Af-
ter they had expended millions m buildings and
machinery, they had to erect houses for their hire-
lings, dig roads over rugged mountain ridges, and
build long lines of railroad before they could get
their products to market. These immense works
requiie the labor of years. And it js these vast
expenditures of time and labor that have retarded
the full development of our manufacturing ability.
Give us but time, and we will enter the market
and defy the competition of all lands. We will
not confine our operations to a home market; we
will cross the seas to other lands, and add an-
nually to our national exportations hundreds of
millions m the slmpe of lion. How much richer
this nation then must be! Wo now expend mil-
lions for non brought from abroad; then wc will
make our own iron, and keep our money at
home. We will have the iron and the millions
both.
What has enabled the citizens of England to
loan to their Government et'SOU,000,000? Was it
not because she manufactured and produced more
than she consumed ? It was but the products of
her sales to other countries. This is the founda-
tion of her wealth, as it is of every other nation.
We should manufacture our own goods and keep
our money at home to circulate amongst our own
citizens.
Protect our iron manufacturers, and you will
not only give employment to our own industry
and develop our own resources, but you will bring
capital from abroad to be invested here in a per-
manent form. It is a rule of trade that capital
seeks profitable investments. ake the iron busi-
ness profitable by protecting its manufacturers,
and you invite the investment of capital in its pro-
duction. The moneyed men of England and of
^Europe will send their surplus funds nere to build
iron works, and you will thus increase our na-
tional vvealth, and reduce the price of iron by the
competition arid rivalry incited amongst its man-
ufacturers; you will enlarge the basis of produc-
tion, give a fair field to the skill and enterprise of
our citizens, and develop our natural resources.
Nothiftg so much contributes to the happiness and
prosperity of a nation as a diversity of pursuits
arid a proper division of labor. A nation, a world
within itself; a nation around whom you might
build a wall, and yet all sources of national indus-
try and production would go on in their natural
channels, is alone really great and independent.
I would not put fetters on commetce,nor close
our ports against the productionsof other climes;
but I would foster and encourage our own pro-
ductive industry, until it had acquired a wealth,
strength, and permanence,that would enable those
engaged in it to withstand competition with the
ola established manufactories of other nations.
We have such a variety of climate and produc-
tion, such a broad and glorious land, that we need
but little from abroad. Let our industry be as
varied as the climate and soil of our country:
then war may rage along our shores; but it can-
not impede our progress, or shake the firm foun-
dation of our prosperity. The bonds of our
national union will be strengthened by the coids
of commercial dependence. One section of our
country will be dependent upon another; the
Norih will learn to love the South, and the South
the North. Mutual wants will create mutual
affection; and additional prosperity will add ad-'
ditional strength to our national Union.
Who would deny this stimulant to prosperity,
when we remember that it arises incidentally,
and almost necessarily, from the collection of the
revenue indispensable to the wants of Govern-
ment? We impose no additional burdens upon
the people; wc merely discriminate in the impo-
sition of duties on those articles of import which
come m competition with the productions of our
own citizens. This js all we ask. Yet there are
those who are unwilling to concede even this to
American producers. As for myself, I am for our
own country, our own people," our own produc-
tions.
wool.
But there is another great product in which
Pennsylvania frols a deep interest; that product
is wool. I reside in the greatest wool-growing
county in the United States, and I feel considera-
ble interest m the imposition of proper duties
upon it. A prevailing idea*is, that coarse wools
should be admitted dutyfree. I do not think so.
I am aware that there is no wonl of such coarse
texture as is embraced in the free list produced
in this country; yet it is equally true that this
coarse article is substituted for our own coarse
wools in many articles, and thus diminishes the
demand and reduce?? the price. U operates most
mjuviouvsly on the small fanneis and the poorer
class of our wool-growers. I am, therefore, in
favor of a duty upon it. The amount of this kind
of wool imported is the evidence of us consump-
tion and the extent of its competition with ours.
We unpolled last year $3,643,320 worth of wool
free from duty. The value of the imported wool
of a finer grade, which paid duty, was $173,315.
Much more of this class of wool was imponcd,
but, owing to the revulsion, it was not used here,
but was reshipped to other places. It is, there-
fore, apparent that the duty on wool may be very
properly increased. The price of wool, since the
great reduction of duty upon U, has declined from
ten to twenty per cent. This decline in price is
not, entirely owing to the reduction of duty, but
may perhaps be, m part, attributed to the pressure
in the money market. Yet we feel seriously the
injurious effects of the present tariff, and we de-
mand its repeal. Washington county, where I
reside, produces annually over $500,000 worth of
