804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
those Which have been brought to the attention of Congress
and commended to their favorable consideration. ■
If, however, the appropriations made at the present ses-
sion should reach the amount estimated for in my annual
report, a deficiency will exist which must be provided for
by additional legislation; and to the extent that the appM-
priayons shajl exceed the estimates, will that deficiency be
necessarily increased.
I fr£ve, in $ formef report, exposed the opinion that the
public debt ought not to be increased by an additional loan.
That opinion Remains unchanged.
The-present tariff ean, and should, be so modified as to
supptysach deficiency as may exist; and I avail myself of
the opportunity«affoYded by the resolution of the House,
3gam to call the attention of Congress to the recommenda-
tions? of my annual report "on the subject, and commend
them to their favorable consideration.
In this connection, it is proper to call particular attention
to.the'eo'ndUion of ihe outstanding Treasury notes. In the
estimates of receipts and expenditures by the Department,
the permanent redemption of these notes, as they may fall
due, has not been comemplated. All the calculations have
been made upon the basis of continuing them in ei regulation;
and, as a matter of course, the redemption of the whole j or
any part of them, must increase the anticipated deficiency,
unless authority be given for their reissue, or other provis-
ion made for their redemption. Since the first of January
last, there have been ledeemed $543,700. Between this tune
and the 30th June next, the sum of $17,758,900 will falldutf,
and, with the interest due upon them, must be met I state
these facts for the purpose of showing, that should Congress
adjourn without legislating upon the subject, it would be
almost, impossible, under the most favorable receipts into
the^freasury from ordinary somces, for the Department to1
meet the public liabilities until another Congress could be
convened. Ihave already recommended that this imme-
diate demand should be provided tor, by authoiizing the re-
issue of these notes for one or two years. Tin* can be easily
effected by extending for that period the provisions of the
act of December 23, i857, authorizing the issue of Tieasuiy
notes. The proposition to convert these notes into a per-
manent debt ought not to receive the favorable considera-
tion of Congress. Et would be virtually postponing their
ultimate payment to a distant day, when the policy of the
Government should he to redeem them from year to 3reur,
as the means of the Treasuty will justify.
That portion of the public debt winch remains in the foirn
of Treasury notes, can always bo ledeemed without en-
dangeung the successful opeiations ot the Department;
whenever there shall be an exee&s of revenue over expen-
ditures, it ean be safely applied to the redemption of Tioas-
ury notes; the power existing of reissuing them, should the
future receipts, fiotn any cause, fall below the estimates of
the Department. It is entirely duTeient wheie the public
debt is in the form ot bonds, which, when once redeemed,
cannot again be made available, however urgent the nfcees-
bity may exist for it. The result is, that thoie will always
be a greater disposition on the pan of the Department to re-
deem and keep on hgmd Treasury notes, than to go. into the
market and purchase Government bonds. An additional
reason is found in the fact, that Treasury notes can be re-
deemed without the payment of any premiums, which will
hardly ever be the case with United States stock.
Contemplating the pradual redemption of these notes, and
being opposed to the policy of adding this sum of twenty
millions to the permanent public debt, f repeat my founer
recommendation for extending the provisions of the act of
2M December, I8o7, for one ot two years.
I am, very lospectfuLly, IIOWELL COBB,
- , Secretary oj the Treasury.
Hon. James L. Orr,
Speaker of (he House of Repi c$tiUative>>.
Mr. PIIELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
communication be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
It was so ordered.
COAL USED IN THE NAVY.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of the Navy,
in reply to a resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, of January 14, 1859, in regard to the
quantity of coal used in the Navy, and the amount
of commissions paid to coal ugenfs; wii^ch was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT FROM COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER also-laid before the House the
monthly report from the: Cotirt of Claims.
The bills were considered as being read a first
and second time; and were referred to (he Com-
mittee of Claims. The adverse reports were or-
dered to be placed on the Private Calendar.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
mechanical portion of the Patent Otiieo report for 1
1658. !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think that report
had better be referred to the Committee on Print-
ing, and let that committee examine whether it is
necessary to print the whole of it. I suppose
there are a great many things in it which would
require to be illustrated by engravings, and that
there are portions of it which might be omitted.
Mi*. FLORENCE. If it is to be referred, I '
move a resolution that fifty thousand extra copies
be printed. The committee can report it at the i
same time. / !■
The report and resolution were so referred. 11
RECEIPTS FROM CUSTOMS—AGAIN.
Mr*. PHILLIPS. I" move to reconsider the
vote by which the House ordered the communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Treasury to be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and printed;
Mr. FLORENCE. Fask my colleague to give
way, that the House may £o into the Committee
of the Whole on the'state of the Union for general
discussion.
Mr. BURNETT/- I understood that the gen-
tleman who made the motion to adjourn, only
withheld it for the purpose of letting the Speaker
present these communications to the House.
The' SPEAKER. The Chair was not aware
that a motion to adjourn was made.
Mr. BURNETT. I thought the gentleman
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] made the motion
to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The motion was not enter-
tained.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I have no desire to interfere
with the pleasure of the House, if the House wish
to adjourn now. I desire to say a few words in
respect to this communication of the Secretary of
the Treasury, but I do not care to do so now, as
I would like to look at the paper first. If the
House wish to adjourn now, I have no objection.
Mr. LETCHER. If the motion to reconsider
be made, does it not suspend the piinting till the
motion be decided ?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. LETCHER. Then the Committee of
Ways arid Means can have nothing to do with  t.
Mr. FLORENCE. My colleague may mod-
ify his proposition so as to make it apply only to
the reference.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I hope (hat if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania is going to speak
to his motion to reconsider he will do so now.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yea^ and nays were not ordered.
Mr. FLORENCE called for tellers.
Telleis were ordered; and Messrs. Hopkins
and OunTi5> were appointed,
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 3G, noes 45.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it in ordernow
to move to go into the Committee of the Whole ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. -Phillips] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will my colleague give
way to enable me to move that there be a call of
the Housed
Mr. PHILLIPS. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. FLORENCE. I then submit the motion
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
four o'clock and thirty-five minutes, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE. ;
Friday, February 4, 1859. j
Prayer by Rev. William F. Aiken.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved 1
RIGHT OF WAY IN MICHIGAN. j
Mr. STUART. There is a Senate bill upon {
your table, Mr. President, which has received an i
amendment in the House of Representatives, of
three or four wotds, only, it is a measure of great ,
local importance to the people of Michigan; and ■
as it will not occupy the Senate three minutes to
agree to the amendment, I ask the Senate to take
it up, and dispose of it. 1 have shown the amend-
ment to the chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, who reported the bill here, and he ■
has no objection to it. !
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro- ;
ceeded to consider the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 263) grant- !
lug the light of way over, and depot grounds on, 1
the military reserve tit Fort Gratiot, in the State 1
of Michigan, for railroad purposes. Theamend- j
ment of the House is, after the word "Detroit," ■
m the ninth line, to insert, " or any other place
in said State;" so that the bill will read: ;
That the right of way through and the privilege of con- i
I structing depots and workshops on the public lands of the
. United States lying in the county of {St. Clair, State of
; Michigan, commonly called the Fort Giapot military res-
1 ervation, he, and the same is hereby, granted to anv rail-
road company or companies which may constiucta lailioad
! or latlroads from the city of Jlenoit, or any other place in
| said Stato, to or near the village of Port Huron, in said
/State: Provided, That n. the opinion ot'the President of
j the United Slates, such giant or cianis be not injurious to
I the purposes of public deleave, and that the location of said
: building on, and such road or roads as to portion and
! width through said icservation.and the price of the land to
i be so occupied, being fir*t detetmmed by tile Secretary of
j War, be approved by the Picsidcnt: Jlnd provided further,
■ Thaj if the price of&uch giant oi grants be not paid within
i Unity days after the appioval of the President, or if either
j of said roads shall not be completed within three years, or
l if, at any time after its completion, it shall be discontinued,
I the grant shall cease and deteimme as to such road : And
I -prowled,fuitker, That all the buildings to be erected upon
i said leservation .shall be of wood, and if, at any time, it
1 should be deemed expedient by the commanding officer of
j Fort Giatiot, or by any other higher military authority, to
| destroy such buildings by fire or otherwise, no claim shall
i be made against the United States fdr damages.
Mr. STUART. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Interior
in answer to a resolution of the Senate relative
to the land claims of the late John Rice Jones;
which was ordeicd to he on the table.
| PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
! Mr. GWIN presented the petition of John
; Hambleton, praying indemnity for losses occa-
| stoned by the Indians on the route between Al-
j buquerque and California; which was referred to
! the Commit lee on Indian Affairs.
: Mr. DENJAMIN presented the petition of
| John Brannan, a laborer in the Department of
j State, praying compensation for performing the
j duties of the librarian of that Department; which
| was referred to the Committee on Claims.
' Mr. TRUMBULL presented a petition of citi-
i zens of Belleville, Illinois, praying the establish-
j ment of a branch mint or assay office at St Louis,
I Missouri; which was referred to the Committee
j on Finance.
| PAPERS REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordered, That the papers from the Court of Claims, in the
case of Samuel J. Hensley, be lefeired to the Committee
on Indian Aifairs.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, it was
Ordacd, That Eliza E widow of Captain E. A.
O^den, have leave to withdiaw her petition and papers.
DEFENSES OP NEW YORK.
Mr. SEWARD submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Iipiolved, That the Secretary of War communicate to the
Seriate any icpuit which has been made to hi in by the clifef
engineer, Stationed at New York, since the date oi said Sec-
ret.iryV l<vst annual icport, oonecrninjj the defenses of the
city of Xew York and its approaches.
BILLS -INTRODUCED.
Mr. FITZPATRICK asked, and by nnanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No,
559) to ratify and confirm certain entries of the
public lands u\ Alabama, under the act of August
4, 1854; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on Tcrrito- '
ries, to whom the subject was referred, reported
a bill (3. No. 555) to provide for temporary gov-
ernments for the Terntoties of Dacotah and Ari-
zona, and to create the office of surveyor-general
in the Territory of Arizona; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. HUNTER, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the petition of Mo-
ses Taylor & Co., and Mora Brothers, Navane
& Co., reported a bill (S. No. 557) for the relief
of those whose goods were destroyed in Baxter's
warehouse on the 4th of June, 1858; "which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. G6G) making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
the 30th of June, I860* repoited it withoutamend-
ment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
