182
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revision of the Tariff-—Mr. Montgomery.
Ho. of Reps.
this staple, and such a percentage on the produce
of our county is deeply felt by our people.
THE ADVANTAGES OF A TARIFF.
I have been attempting, m my remarks, to im-
press upon the committee the deep stake Penn-
sylvania has in the proper imposition of duties.
I now propose to point out some of the advant-
ages which arise from protective duties.
There is no writer on political economy who
does not teach that nothing tends more to increase
national wealth, and to develop the skill and in-
genuity of a people, than a division of labor and
a variety of pursuits. When we stimulate capi-
talists to invest their money in manufactures of
any kind, we produce this division of labUr and
diversity of calling which wo have been taught
to regard as national blessings.
Labor is wealth. To permit labor to remain
unproductive is to lose a portion of our national
■wealth. To open new manufactures is to create
new pursuits, and to give additional employment
and higher wages to productive industry, and,
therefore, increase the wealth and happiness of
the nation.
When we erect manufactories, we create home
markets for our surplus products. The whole
community is benefited by the exchange of the
products of one man's labor for that of another.
The farmer raises more grain than he can con-
sume, and he exchanges it with the tailor, the
shoemaker, the merchant, and the iron manufac-
turer, for their products. They live beside each
other, and the cost of importation is saved to each.
The farmer sells his grain cheaper, because he has
not to haul it to market. The merchant sells his
goods lower, because he got them from the man-
ufacturer over the way, and, consequently, saved
the cost of transportation and his own traveling
expenses. The goods are cheaper and quite as
good as if they had been transported over the seas.
To illustrate what 1 mean by a home market, I
will take the case of a farmer in one of the broad
productive prairies of the West. The rich, fat
lands have been tilled, and he has an abundant
harvest. His corn is worth ten cents a bushel;
his wheat twenty-five cents; his oats six cents.
Now, why is this? It is because he has no home
market, if he hauls his wheat three hundred
miles in a wagon, it has taken the whole price of
it to pay for the transportation. If ho hauls it
fifty miles, and gets one dollar pei bushel, one
sixth of that dollar has to be paid for freight. If
he takes it one hundred miles, one third of his
crop is sunk in ils carriage. Tut the market at
his door, and this one sixth and one third, and
indeed all coat of transportation, are saved. And
it is to be remembered that this saving is not on
one bushel, but upon his whole crop; not upon
one kind of grain, but upon all.
Wow, let us suppose that one fourth of his crop
goes to purchase articles the price of which has
been increased twenty per cent, by a tariff: is ho
not greatly the gainer if he saves one fourth the
price of his whole crop by avoiding transporta-
tion ? These are questions easily solved by the
simple rules of arithmetic, and 1 leave them to
the consideration of members who are disposed
to overlook or depreciate the value of a home
market. We are told by the advocates of free
trade to buy where wevcan buy cheapest, and to
sell where wo can sell dearest. It seems to me,
that gentlemen forget that the teeming produc-
tions of the great valley of the Mississippi and
Missouri have from a thousand to fifteen hundred
miles to travel before they can reach the sea-coast,
and then they must pass three thousand miles
over the Atlantic to Europe. Now, permit me to
ask some of my mathematical free-trade friends
to calculate what part of the price of a bushel of
wheat would go to the farmer who raised it, after
he pays the cost of this transportation. Yet,
gentlemen of reputation stand on this floor and
tell us of the advantages of a European market
for our surplus agricultural products, when the
statistics demonstrate that Massachusetts con-
sumes more of our agricultural productions than
is exported to all Europe. Any gentleman at all
conversant with the prolific yield of grain in any
one of ojr prairie States, is aware that the surplus
yield of a single year will more than equal o'ur
whole exportation. Thissurplusproduction must
increase every year. What, then, is to be done,
unless we create a home market for it, by taking
men from the agricultural, and giving them em-
ployment in some other pursuit ? Take them from
the production of grain, and make them its con-
sumers ?
We are told that we oppress the farmer by in-
creasing the price of the articles he consumes.
Admit it, for the sake of argument: and is it not
better that he should pay a higher price for his
cloth, his shoes, his hats,and his iron, than that
his crops should be permitted to rot in his gran-
aries for want of a market? If the farmer pro-
duces no more than he consumes, his industry is
unproductive, and he will never gain anything
by his labor. If he does produce more than he
consumes, then there must be consumers who are
not producers of grain. Now, if all men in our
country were to quit manufacturing, and go to
farming, we would have in agriculture all pro-
ducers and no consumers, and the product would
bo valueless for want of a market. Yet, such is
precisely the kind of political economy taught by
the advocates of free trade, and the enemies of
home manufactures. We must create a variety
of pursuits that the surplus productions of one
branch of trade may be consumed by another.
The shoemaker makes more shoes than he wears,
and sells them to the farmer, who wears them out
whilst he tills the crop, the surplus of which pays
for them. Thus one trade supports another, and
the surplus of all these products constitutes our
national wealth. This system renders us inde-
pendent of other nations; it makes us rich and
prosperous in peace, and saves us from want in
time of war. A policy so just and so indispens-
able to our happiness merits the approbation of
every good man.
The theory of " buying where you can buy
cheapest, and selling where you can sell dear-
est,'' has misled thousands. The producer of
agricultural products, if he had money, might
possibly purchase articles of English manufacture
cheaper than he could those made in the neigh-
boring village; but he has not got the money; he
can only buy by selling his grain, and the Eng-
lish importer will not take that; he must have
money. Now, if he permits his crop to rot for
want of purchasers, how much is lie profited by
the cheap goods of England ? The rule is a cor-
rect one; the error is in its application. The
farmer who encourages the home manufacturer
practices 011 that rule. He realizes the advant-
ages of a home market; he knows that what he
produces will find a consumer close beside him.
His is a certain market, and a fixed price. The
farmer knows that, to buy, it is necessary first to
sell; and bot.ii are necessary to prosperity.
For fifteen years previous to lc44, the average
annual export of wheat to Great Britain from all
! other countries only amounted to 11,000,000 bush-
els. There was great variation in the yearly
exportation; sometimes it was down as low as
300,000 bushels, and 111 other years it ran up to
24,000,000 bushels. The price was as variable as
the quantity, ranging from 07 to $1 92 per
bushel. Of this 11,000,000 bushels, the United
States supplied about 2,100,000; the residue was
furnished oy many other countries, chielly, how-
ever, from the Baltic. The whole supply of
wheat, however, from the United States to Great
Britain is not equal to the surplus production in
a single congressional district in the wheat-grow-
ing regions of our country. When the farmer
cannot sell, how can he buy?
The price of wheat at Dantzic, Hamburg, Am-
sterdam, Antwerp, and Odessa, the principal
wheat marts on the continent of Europe, only av-
eraged, for fourteen years, (from 1830 to 1843in-
clusive,) eighty-eight cents per bushel. Takeoff*
the cost of transportation from our country to
England, and it can be seen that our wheatgrow-
ers never can hope for a remunerative market in
that country, at such prices. Itis, therefore, clear
as demonstration, that our agriculturists never can
find a market for their surplus products 111 Eu-
rope. We must rely on the home market alone
for consumption. Remember, now, that the rule
of the economist is to sell dear and buy cheap;
*b'tft w*e ntufat ?Ml hi/art we are aXl'e to buy. If the
American farmer does not patronize the American
mechanic, the latter must cease manufacturing,
and cease to be a consumer; and the former must
lose his market, and the latte'r his business; and
both are ruined. The chain that binds together
the business of any country must have no broken
links. The producers of a nation must work
harmoniously together, or, like a machine out of
order, the wheels must cease to move.
1 have a distinct recollection of a very ingenious
calculation, made some years since by the hon-
orable gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Smith,]
showing how small a portion of the agricultural
products of our country were consumed by our
own manufacturers. It was ingenious; but if it
proved anything, it was that we had not con-
sumers enough; that our home market was too
small. Why not, then, endeavor to increase it,
by every means in our power? It seems to me
that, with the immense surplus of agricultural
production which that gentleman tried to prove
existed, he would be the warmest advocate of
every measure that would divert men from agri-
culture and turn their labor to some other pursuit.
Although the calculation of the honorable gentle-
man is founded in error, yet, if we take his own
doctrine, it shows clearly the importance of a
home market, and a division of labor.
does a tariff increase the price?
The stereotyped argument with the opponents
of protection is, that a tariff imposes burdens on
the people by increasing the price of protected
articles.
Now, I will admit that, in the beginning, this
is the case; but so soon as capital has been in-
vested in manufactures, and American skill and
inventive genius have been taxed by necessity to
produce new and improved machinery, the price
is reduced by the competition and the increased
facilities of manufacture.
The common-sense rules of trade show this
clearly. A man who has but small means must
charge a large percentage upon it to live; but in-
crease his means and his sales, and his percentage
becomes lower and his profits greater. A man
who sells five hundred yards of cloth at twenty-
five cents profit per yard, makes no more than the
man who sells a thousand yards at a profit of
twelve and a half cents a yard. But if the latter
should sell two thousand yards at the same profit,
he would make double as much as the former in
sach year. Increase the business, and you de-
crease the percentage. Make trade profitable,
and you invite the investment of capital mto it;
these investments soon produce lively competi-
tion, and competition tasks the invention of genius
to produce cheap products, and this reduces the
price; and hence it is that protection is neces-
sary to stimulate the investment of capital in pro-
duction. And no nation ever did or ever will be-
come a great manufacturing country without the
protecting and fostering care of the Government.
The reasons for this are apparent. Successful
manufactories require the combination of capital
and industry to a very great extent; and unless
they are made more profitable than ordinary
individual pursuits, they never will be formed.
But, if we foster and encourage these combina-
tions by reasonable protection, they are made
more profitable than individual enterprises, and
capital is freely invested; and when once formed,
they grow stronger and more skillful, until they
will not be broken down even by the competition
of foreign and older establishments.
But it is claimed that this reduction of price is
the result of improved machinery. That is true;
but we never would have had improved machinery
if we had never had manufacturers. " Necessity
is the mother of invention;" and necessity alone
taxed the inventive genius of our people and pro-
duced labor-saving machines.
This is the theory. Do the facts of history
bear it out, and prove it correct ? Let us examine:
1 am not forty years of age, yet I have seen
roofs 011 houses which were driven with wrought
nails, which cost twenty cents per pound. Now
you can buy a superior article of shingle nails at
three cents per pound.
The majority of the members of this House
Can remember when shirtings sold at thirty cents
