1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
183
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revision of the Tariff—Mr. Montgomery.
Ho. of Reps.
per yard. Now, you can purchase a finer and
better article from six to ten cents per yard.
In 1824, calico was selling in New York for
thirty cents per yard. Now, you can purchase
a very superior article from five to ten cents per
yard. Kentucky jeans were sold in 1834 for one
dollar per yard; in 1836, for eighty cents; 1838-39,
for sixty-five cents; and a better article can now
be purchased at thirty-seven cents in any country
store.
We formerly exported all our cotton to Eng-
land, and then shipped it back in the form of man-
ufactured goods. Now we manufacture many
articles of cotton goods cheaper than any coun try
on the globe; and we not only supply the United
States, but the English colonies. Yet in its in-
fancy we were compelled to foster and encourage
this kind of manufacture by protective duties.
This single example proves more than ten vol-
umes of idle theories. We are told that capital
seeks the most profitable investments. It is not
true always. Men dread combinations requiring
great capital, and never form them whilst indi-
vidual enterprises equally as profitable can be
found; and it is only by the temptation of large
Erofits that you can induce such investments to
e made; hence the necessity of protection in the
infancy of manufactures. Bat I will^proceed with
the examples of the influence of protection. The
tariff of 1843 imposed a heavy duty on carpetings,
and under its influence manufactories were started
in various places, and in four years the market
was filled with carpets of the best finish and most
beautiful patterns, which sold twenty per cent,
cheaper than the same articles did before that
tariff went into operation.
In 1842, hemp bagging, such as is used by the
planters to put up their cotton bales, was selling
in Dundee and Inverness, in Scotland, according
to the Hon. T. H. Benton, for from thirteen to
fourteen cents per yard. Our supply, previous to
the passage of the tariff of that year, was brought
from Scotland. A heavy duty was imposed on
this bagging; and I learn from the speech of the
Senator from Georgia, Mr. Toombs, delivered in
1846, the same kind of bagging could be purchased
in Kentucky for more than five cents a yard less
than it sold for in 1842, in Scotland. My free-
trade fiiends will say that this was only the com-
mon reduction in the price of hemp. iNotsofast.
Mr. Toombs informs us that itcould be purchased
then three cents a yard cheaper in Kentucky than
in Scotland. So much for the benefits of protec-
tion in stimulating American manufactures. Let
my southern free-trade friends bear in mind, as
they roll up their cotton bales in this cheap Amer-
ican bagging, that they saved three cents a yard
on every yard they use by the impulse given to
American hemp manufacturers by the protective
duties on that article in the tariff act of 1842.
The tariff of 1842 imposed a duty of three cents
per pound on lead. This stimulated lead mining
in our country; companies were soon formed,
and a large capital invested in the business; and
in 1846, lead was selling for three cents a pound.
When the tariff of 1842 went into operation,
there were only four establishments for the man-
facture of cut-glass in the United States. In five
years thereafter, they had increased more than
five-fold, and produced $6,000,000 worth of this
kind of manufacture, giving employment to thou-
sands of laborers, and consumed nearly the whole
surplus products of our lead mines, together with
large quantities of potash. The articles manufac-
tured were richer and more beautiful than ever were
seen in our country before; and sold for thirty per
cent, less than the same articles could have been
pu rchased for previous to the passage of that tariff.
But I will not weary the patience of members
by enlarging this list. I may here make the chal-
lenge, that 1 defy the advocates of free trade to
show a single instance of any article which our
country produces, and which has been protected
by high duties, the price of which has not been
decreased. When gentlemen speak of theories,
1 reply to them by facts. Experience is the best
teacher; by it we learn all that we do know of
cause and effect. The history of civilized nations,
teaching us by example, proves that, to attain
proficiency m manufactures, requires time, experi-
ence and protection. I do not advocate discrim-
inHtio'n ami protection fo'r the sake Of the manu-
facturer, but for the benefit of the consumer. I
desire to foster and encourage the infant manu-
factures of our country, that industry, enterprise,
capital, skill, and competition, may be stimulated
to cheapen production, to lower prices, to furnish
us with a home market, and make us independ-
ent of foreign nations. I need hardly say, that I
do not advocate discrimination in favor of those
products which are not and cannot be produced
here. I only advocate the imposition of higher
duties on those articles which are the natural pro-
ducts of our own soil, or which can be produced
here by manufacturing our raw material. I desire
no exotics, grown in hot-houses; no unnatural and
forced productions.
I desire to replenish the exhausted Treasury of
our country, not by loans or Treasury notes, but
by wisely-adjusted revenue laws. But, whilst I
do this, 1 desire, as an important incident, to dis-
criminate in favor of our producers and manufac-
turers.
Gentlemen tell us that we must retrench our
expenses and reform present abuses. I am the
advocate of retrenchmentand reform in the proper
sense of those terms. But I am not the friend of
that stinted meanness which denies to the laborer
his hire. I do not wish to sec the Government of
a broad land like ours conducted on a scale of in-
significance, commensurate only with some ofthe
little nations whose area on the map of the world
is but a colored point.
There should be a fitness in all things; and our
Government must be conducted on a scale of dig-
nity and grandeur becoming the first nation on the
earth. I oppose wasteful extravagance, and piof-
ligate and useless expenditure of public money. I
know there are many abuses that should not ex-
ist, which 1 desire to have corrected. Yet 1 am
not wilting to reduce the salary of the President,
nor refuse a compensation to the heads of the
Departments, which will enable them to maintain
their positions as high officers of a great countiy
with proper dignity. 1 will never consent to the
establishment of a permanent national debt; nor
that this Government shall become a bank of is-
sue, nor the parent of a brood of shin-plasters.
I blush to know that our revenue laws are so de-
fective, that, in a time of profound peace, we are
unable to meet our ordinary expenses, and that
in two years we have contracted a national debt
of $64,000,000.
1 regret that the advice of the venerable Chief
Magistrate and the Secretary of the Treasury, the
men who know most of the state of our finances,
are unheeded by our Committee of Ways and
Means, and by many other members of this
House. The nation calls upon us for action; for
legislation. " Why, then, sit we here idle ?" Let
us up and at the work. Let the reform be wise
and thorough, so that it may be permanent. Let
us provide for the future with providentcare. Let
southern members think of it. You ask us to
grant you $30,000,000 to begin the purchase of
Cuba. You desire us to occupy portions of Mex-
ico; you desire to revenge the insults offered our
citizens and our flag by the South American
States; you ask us to build the Pacific railroad.
Come, then, to the task of legislative reform with
these things before you.. Like wise men, count
the cost, and provide for it. These great objects
can only be accomplished with an overflowing
Treasury. Fill your coffers; then dash out into
these great and dazzling schemes.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garnett]
has told us of an "old banner under which he
fights, covered with the smoke and dust of many
a gallant conflict." I know his banner well, and
the forces who fight under it. It is the banner of
sectionalism,unfurled yearsagoby Mr. Calhoun,
when he rebelled against General Jackson, and
made war on the forces of the Democratic party.
I fight under a nobler and an older flag—a flag
whose folds were flung to the breeze by the im-
mortal Washington—the flag under whn-h Jeffer-
son, Madison, Monroe, Jackson, and Buchanan,
have foughtand conquered. Whenever I see that
banner in the thick array of battle, 1 for one will
rally around it. It is the banner of conservative
and old-fashioned national Democracy. It is a
banner on whose folds glitters the star of every
State, and on which is inscribed " Union and lib-
erty, now and ftfrfever, 6ne and inseparable."
Gentlemen of the South, I appeal to you for
assistance in this great work. Refuse it not. Be
not mistaken and misled by the clamor of a few
sectional and ultra men. Stand not against your
own best interests.
Tell me not of the fanaticism and opposition to
slave institutions in the North. You, yourselves,
created it, and are responsible for it. Sectionalism
in the South begets sectionalism in the North; a
sectional slavery party in one end of the Confed-
eracy naturally begets a sectional anti-slavery
party in the otner. Such a party in the South has
created and keeps alive the Republican party in
the North. Allow me to assure you that the mass
of the northern people feel but little interest in
the institution of slavery in the South, nor do
they desire to interfere with it in the States where
it exists. But you beget opposition, by your
stubborn resistance to those laws so necessary
and beneficial to the working millions of the free
States. Change this narrow and illiberal policy.
Be liberal and just. Show, by your acts and your
votes, that you are interested in our welfare and
desire our prosperity, and you make those mil-
lions your warmest and best friends. Let that
patriotic and national feelingwhich bound us to-
gether in the olden time, come back again and
rule your councils. Then, indeed, shall the men
of Maine and Massachusetts hail, as friends and
brothers, the men of Texas and Louisiana. Let
us be Americans all, friends all; a happy, con-
tented, united, and powerful people. Let us legis-
late as statesmen, as Representatives of the whole
country, and not of local interests and narrow
districts. Elevate your visions, and behold our
glorious land bounded by the broad seas, and
let your hearts expand with its greatness and
grandeur.
The planters of the South may need no protec-
tion. Their slave laborers, unrefined and uned-
ucated, are incapable of conducting any but the
j simplest and plainest husbandry. They are unfit
' forthe control of the complex machinery of exten-
sive manufactories. They can cultivate tobacco,
cotton, or sugar; but they cannot be profitably
employed in the higher branches of productive
industry. This is not the case with the laboring
classes of the North. They are men of refine-
ment,education, and progressive intellects. They
are not slaves; but the masters and rulers of the
land. They fill and adorn the highest places, and
make mankind their debtors by the utility of their
labors and the ingenuity of their inventions. The
American mechanic has astonished the world
with his wonderful combinations of powerful and
useful labor-saving machinery. Go with me to
your Patent Office, and look around on the labors
of his brain and the cunning of his hands. You
will find them in every safe, on every shelf—their
name is legion, and their utility beyond the com-
putation of arithmetic. These memorials of his
| labor and genius are but pigmy monuments of
j what he has done and is still doing for the race
of man.
Go and behold, as at his bidding, the steam and
lightning work in harness, and the wood, iron,
and steel perform with accuracy and regularity"
the work of man. lie has seamed the land with
artificial rivers, and clasps the continent in the
railroad's iron arms. He skims the seas in the
ocean steamer, and leaves the lagging winds and
waves behind. He has annihilated time and space
and talks with the lightning's voice to hisbrother
man thousands of miles away. He has grasped
the pen of literature, and wields the lever of the
press He dictates terms to parties, and talks to
the nation as his audience. He touches the harp
of living melody, and his song fills the land with
its music, and embalmed in sweetest verse, beats
its numbers to the march of time.
Such men appeal to us. Their voices are com-
ing down to us from mountain and valley, from
forge and furnace, from the green hills covered
with their fleecy flocks, from every spot where
productive industry plies its arm. Let them not
be unheeded. Make those men your friends by
wise, conciliatory, and timely legislation, and the
enemies of liberty and Union may do their worst.
The days of sectionalism will soon be termin-
ated, and on the lids of our Constitution may be
written in characters of living light: "Eslo per-
petual*
