1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
807
turning to the debates on that occasion. All the
arguments which I think can be enforced by any-
body, will there very fully appear. If gentlemen
desire to know more about it, I refer them there.
On that occasion, I believe the application of the
State finally succeeded in getting ten votes in the
Senate.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator from Vermont
need not invoke the past action of the Senate dur-
ing a former session, for the purpose of raising a
prejudice to the consideration of this bill now.
I suppose he knows, within his own recollection,
that frequently bills are presented, which are im-
perfectly considered, and f*£il, owing to some pre-
judice or influences of various kinds operating
upon the minds of Senators, or haste, or want of
attention, and yet are just and proper in them-
selves, and subsequent reexamination shows that
they are proper.
l^he ground upon which this bill is predicated
has not been fully stated by the Senator from
Veimont. Every State in*the Union, admitted
since the Union was originally formed, and in
which any public land is located, has had given
to it five per centum of the netfcproceeds of the
public lands sold within her limits except the
State of Missouri, in consideration of not taxing
the United States lands while they were owned
by this Government,and for five yeatsafter they
were sold. 1 say every single new State admit-
ted into the Union has had the benefit of this
fulLfive per cent, except the State of Missouri; and
if there was no contract, if there was no legal ob-
ligation, and I had only to appeal to the equitable
sense of justice of the Senate, I should expect to
pass this bill. In the case of the State of Mis-
sissippi, when she was admitted, there was an
obligation that the United States would give to
that State five per ccntum of the net proceeds of
the sales of the public lands, three percent, to be
expended by the State within her own limits, in
her own way, and two per cent, to be expended by
the United States in making a road to the State
of Mississippi. The Federal Government aban-
doned the idea of making a road to the State of
Mississippi, and then what? Did they cheat Mis-
sissippi out of the two per cent. ? I will tell you
what they did. Congress passed a law giving to
the State of Mississippi the other two per cent.
Here is the book.
Mr. COLLAMER. Will the gentleman per-
mit me to say a word on that subject now?
Mr. GREEN. Any other time, or now, if you
choose.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will merely say in rela-
tion to Mississippi, that the compact with Mis-
sissippi was merely copied from those that went
before it. These were all taken from the first form
of the Ohio grant, and all were in the same form.
The road to Misisssippi was never undertaken by
the Government at all; it was not begun.
Mr. GREEN. Then the position of the Sen-
ator amounts lo this: if they had begun it, and
had expended all the money m the District of
Columbia, Mississippi would not be entitled to
the fund. It just amounts to that. If there is
any honesty or justice or propriety in an argu-
ment like that, I am unable to appreciate it. The
obligation of the Federal Government was to
make a road to the State. The Senator from Ver-
mont says, if you expend it all in the District of
"Columbia, if ltpomtsm the direction ofthe State,
it is leading to the State. Is that the term of the
contract? Is it thus nominated in the bond ? V ou
shall make itto the State ?" If you go half the
way there, and the end is in a wilderness; does
it lead to the State of Missouri? If you stop at
Vincemies, if you stop at Indianapolis, if you
stop at any other point, does it lead to the State ?
I deny that even under the technical construction
ofthe legal obligations, you can exonerate your-
selves fiom the'obligauon to make tins road all
the way to the State of Missouri, or to lefur.d to
her the two per cent.
The five percent., with the other things given
at the same time, was regarded as an equivalent
for the relinquishment made by the new States.
The five per cent, was the consideration for the
relinquishment. Every new State has received
that consideration except Missouri. Has Mis-
souri received it? There was expended upon the
construction of this road §6,777,806—where? In
Missouri? Not one single dollar. In ihre^ of the
States, Maryland, Pi'iujajlv&nu, and Virginia,
$3,426,806 were expended; in Ohio about one
million five hundred thousand dollars; perhaps
more; in Indiana, $1,135,000 were expended.
Mr. POLK. I think my colleague is wrong in
regard to his figures with, reference to Ohio. I
think $2,081,000 was spent in Ohio.
Mr. GREEN. Perhaps I am wrong in that
figure. In the State of Illinois $746,000 was ex-
pended. In the expenditure of this money, you
afforded facilities for settlement, you created busi-
ness, you expedited the settlement, and you gave
prosperity to the States. We hear frequently
taunts thrown out against poor old Missouri that
she has not prospered as Illinois, Indiana, and
Ohio have done. Let Missouri have $6,000,000
expended by the Federal Government in the con-
struction of permanent improvements in her own
borders, as those States have had, and what a
vast difference would it present in settlement, in
trade, in business,and in commerce; but, as yet,
not a dollar of that kind has been given to the
State of Missouri, and she does not ask the gift
now. Iowa got her full five percent.; Michigan
got her full five per cent. Every other State got
her fall five percent. Ohio,Indiana,and Illinois
got more than their five per cent., because they
got the money expended in their own borders,
one of them $2,081,000, another §1,135,000, and
another $746,000. The whole two per cent, to
which we are now entitled is only about two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars. Is it an equiva-
lent, on the principles of justice, in the absence
of all obligation, in the absence of ail contract?
' There is another thing to be noted: Congress
understood, when this compact was entered into,
that the road should be made to the capital of
the State; and at one time appropriated to
make a survey to the capital of the State of Mis-
souri. This shows that Congress at that time un-
derstood the obligation of the Federal Government
to be to make the road not only to the State, but
to the capital of the State; yet none of that has
been done. The three per cent, has been regu-
larly paid; the two per cent, has been withheld.
It was withheld for the purpose of making a
road, and then that road was abandoned. The fact
that other moneys were expended, that a large
amount was expended m other localities, can af-
ford no reason why Missouri should be cheated
out of her just consideration for relinquishments
which she made to the Federal Government.
Florida gets her five percent.; and so do Louis-
iana, Arkansas, Alabama, Mississippi, and every
other State; and on what principle ? In the case of
Florida—tliey are all similar—the law says:
"That in consideration of the concessions made by the
State o! Florida in respect to the public lands, theie be
granted to the .-said State eight entire «eotions of land for the
puipo^e of fixing their seat of government; als>o. M'f-iton
number sixteen in every township, oroihei lands equiva
lent thereto, for the u*e of the inhabitants of Mich township,
for the "support of public school,-; also, two entne town-
ships of land, in addition to the two town-hips already ie-
served, for the use of two summaries of learning—one to
be located oast a Ad the other west of the Suvvanee nver ;
al.su, five per centum ofthe net proceeds ofthe sale of landa
vuilnn said State, which shall he heieaftei sold by Con-
gress, after deducting all expeiiM--, incident to the same;
and which said net proceeds shall he applied by s.aid State
for the puiposes of education."
On what consideration? "In consideration of
the concessions made by the State." What are
the concessions?
Mr. PUGH. What statute is "that ?
Mr. GREEN. The act for the admission of
Florida, and it is similar to them all. 14 In consid-
eration ofthe concessions made by the State,"
those grants are made. Has not Missouri made
the same concessions that all the other States have
made? Is she not under the same obligation to
not interfere with the primary disposal of the
soil ? Just the same. Has she ever received any
| other equivalent? None whatever. Even in her
' railroad grants she received less, in proportion to
territory, than any other of the new Slates; less
than Illinois, less than Iowa, less than A) Kansas.
I am not complaining of the railroad grants, but
merely referring to the fact, for the puipose of
showing that she received no other equivalent.
She has made all the concessions the otln r States
have made. She has received three per cent; ev-
ery other State has received five per cent. You
agieed to appropriate the two per cent, in a man-
ner m which you have never appropriated it: you
agreed to make a road, winch you ha\e aban-
doned; and you have <riven up tiie whole ot it to
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois*, as their own private
property, out of which'they can derives revenue
by exacting tolls upon travel. All.oftHis is'given
to these three States; but to Missouri fio two per
cent., no five per cent., none of the consideration
on which she made the concessions, except the
three per cent. ' -
I submit the case. It is unnecessary to make
an extended argument. It is a plait!, Simple mat-
ter of equ|ftr, of justice, and of solemn obligation.
The obligation was to make a road, which you"
made a few miles and abandoned. - It never did
Missouri one particle of good, because it riev-er
reached her border;"and whether there had been
an obligation or not, when you abandoned it you
were bound to pay her the fund that you reserved
for making it. On principles' of equity, she ought
to have the same that every other State gets. Why
do you pay Mississippi five per cent, of the net
proceeds ofthe sales of lands within her borders?
Why do you pay Arkansas five per cent., and
Florida ?
Mr. DAVIS. Because it is the compact.
Mr. GREEN. Now, suppose the contract had •
not been the same with Missouri: would not the
principle of equity say it ought to be the same?-
Suppose there were no contract in the case, and"
it was appealing to the magnanimity and sense or
justice of the Senate, what would they say in a
case of that kind? But I undertake to say there
is a contract. There is a contract that she shall
have five per cent., she shall have the benefit of
five per centum; she has had the benefit of three
per centum, but the two per centum she has
never had the benefit of. You b&ve broken the
contract, and you therefore must pay that two
per centum to the State.
It looks to me like a plain, simple proposition,
and I shall not enlarge upon it.
Mr. COLLAMER. If this were to be treated
as an isolated contract, standing merely with the
State of Missouri, if we did not connect with it
the history of the transaction, the gentleman's
argument, and his reference to the cases of Iowa
and Florida, would look plausible enough; but
the truth is, these contracts to make a road " to
the State," reserving two per cent, for that pur-
pose, began with Ohio. It was important to get
a road from the uninhabited part of the country
co the habitable pat*t of the country. It was im-
portant to the St&Wof Ohio that she should have
an intercommunication made. Then, there was
none, except across the mountains, and hence,
when jhe five per cent, reservation was made, Con-
gress agreed with the State to reserve two fifths
of it to make a road to the State. They would
.take care of it when it got in there, with their own
j three per cent. Congress acted upon that view
| and laid out, as 1 said, the two per cent, and a
1 great deal more. The gentleman tells us how
| much we laid out in Virginia before we gver got
; to Ohio at all, for the road was first maae, I be-
i lieve, to the Ohio river at Wheeling. Then came
; the contract with Indiana, by which the two per
! cent, was reserved to make the road to Indiana,
| that is through Oiiio, this road pointing directly
! west. It went on to Indiana; and Indiana wanted
1 the two per cent, laid out according to the terms
: of the contract m making the road through Ohio,
i not in Indiana, for they had their three per cent.
| for that. Congress went on, and when they had
| expended all the two per cent, and a great deal
j more, the new States applied to Congress to fin-
! ish that road. The reply was, (i we have laid out
| all our money;" and the answer was, " but still
: we need to have our road finished;" and they
i would insist on it, and Congress passed laws
making further appropriations and providing that /
the, money should be replaced out of the two per
cent, fund when we got it. We never got it, and
never replaced it. In the case of Illinois, there
was the same contract to make it to Illinois, that
is through Indiana.
Mr. GHEEN. Each one of these States stipu-
lated it should be made to their capital.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not know that. I
will look to that. If it is so, U certainly was not
so in the case or Missouri; and was not so m the
case of Ohio. I cannot say in relation to the
other two, tor I have not looked into them par-
ticularly; but I know that the reservation in the
case of the State of Missouri is precisely like thjxt
in the case of the State of Oh.o. The reservation
of the two per cent, was to make a road to the
State, not in it.
