186
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revenue and Expenditures—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
Mr. BIGLER, Will the Senator from Georgia
allow mc a moment?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. I certainly did not state that
Pennsylvania was injured directly. The idea
which I presented was this: that this property
was the common property of all the States at the
time it was given to the States which I named,
for railroad purposes; that it was a valuable do-
nation from the common Treasury. If the lands
had been converted into money, that money
would have gone into the Treasury, and answered
to pay the common expenses of the whole Gov-
ernment.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not know that the Sen-
ator had put it upon a thrice, yea, a ten-times re-
futed idea. The grantB that have been given for
railroads in the United States, and which have
been so much complained of, did not cost Penn-
sylvania, or Georgia, or any other State, a single
dollar. You granted alternate sections of the pub-
lic lands along the line of those railroads, within
a given distance, and raised the price of the re-
served sections to double the ordinary minimum;
and the actual result has been that they have
brought it. 1 say, then, this policy has not cost
Pennsylvania, or anybody else, a single dollar;
and I think it was acting the part of the dog in
the manger to oppose it. For myself, I have
looked upon the public lands as a portion of the
public property, not at all distinguishable from
the public money in our use of it for internal im-
provements; but when the General Government
had large quantities of lands which she could not
sell, which nobody would settle upon, on account
of the want of timber, and of water, and of the
means of transportation, it was wise policy to
grant a portion of the lands to build improve-
ments which would make the icmainder worth
double the price at which they were held. It is
what I would do with my own property; and to
the extent of my constitutional power, that is my
rule of dealing with the public property. 1 say
Pennsylvania did not lose a dime by these grants
of land; but besides the general, she had a special
benefit from them. A great many of these roads
have been built, and thereby have caused a greatly
increased demand for that sterling and staple ar-
ticle, iron, which is now attracting so much gene-
ral attention, especially in the good old State of
Pennsylvania.
I say, sir, that if the public lands which have
been recently surveyed—between sixty and eighty
million acres—were thrown into the market, as
they ought to have been before, there would not
now be a dollar of deficiency. Put your Post Of-
fice Department on its old basis; make it self-sus-
taining, as was provided by our fathers, and, as
it was ignorantly or deceitfully said, would be the
cfFect of the last reduction of postage; and there
would now be no deficiency. You have to make
a deficiency in the Treasury by bad policy, by
squandering the public means, m order to create
an excuse for taxation. That is the truth about
it. It requires the most extravagant expenditures
to work out, at the end of 1860, even with disas-
trous times, a deficiency of ^4,000,000, in order
to present it to the American people, and say the
necessity for increased taxation is inexorable, un-
avoidable; bend your backs to new burdens. Sir,
I will none of it, not an ounce.
I have shown you, sir, that there is properly
no deficiency, even upon the present basis. I
have shown you that, if there is an actual defi-
ciency, you may meet it by a single item alone,
the public lands; oi you may meet it by another
single item, by making the Post Office stand
where it ought to do. Act properly with either
of these subjects, and your present means will
suffice for your expenditures even on the present
extravagant basis, and provide a fund for the re-
demption of the debt which you have incurred
under extraordinary circumstances.
But, sir, suppose I am wrong in these facts and
deductions, and that, in truth, the revenue is in-
sufficient to meet the expenditures of the present
basis: then my remedy is to reduce the expenses
down to the revenue. The remedy is certainly
worth an inquiry. But the Senator from Penn-
sylvania declines to enter into this inquiry; he
can see relief in nothing but additional taxes. He
represents his fcunstitufents as distressed, tfut of
employment, suffering from industrial prostra-
tion, and he comes here and begs for new taxes;
no, he does not beg for them, he demands them.
He says Pennsylvania is no beggar. I know it,
sir; and if she were, I am quite sure she is too
wise to beg for taxes; for new burdens to be put
upon her back. I do not believe it is her voice;
but if it is, I will protect her in spite of herself,
so far as my vote can do it.
I proceed then to show that $73,000,000 are not
necessary to be expended during the fiscal year
1859-60. Indeed, this great fact is admittea by
every Senator who has spoken upon the subject.
The difficulties of retrenchment, not its propriety,
are pleaded in defense of waste and extravagance.
Some allege that the Executive Departments are
responsible for this waste and extravagance;
others allege that the Legislature is responsible
for them*,when the truth is, the fault lies with both,
but mainly with Congress. Our Constitution in-
trusts the national purse to our guardianship—
vests us with ample power for its safe-keeping. It
is the duty of the Executive Government to watch
over the proper application of the expenditures
directed by law, and to suggest such alterations
in the laws as may be necessary to protect the
public interests. We are sometimes told that the
Executive Departments only expend what Con-
gress appropriates. So unmindful in its duty has
Congress been for many years past, that it may
be said, with as much truth, that Congress ap-
propriates whatever the Executive Departments
demand. But neither proposition is wholly true.
A very large proportion of the ordinary public
expenditure is not and cannot be regulated by law;
and this is the door through which some of our
greatest excesses have crept in. Abuse of discre-
tion is the rule in Executive Departments; careful
economy is the exception. Look at your quarter-
master's department in your Army, and the ex-
penditures in yards in your Navy for the most
striking proof of this truth. These are not regu-
lated by law, they are fast swallowing up the
Treasury, and eating out the vitals of these two
great branches of the public service. The postal
service, from its nature, is capable of being sub-
jected to legal control, and, as I have already
shown, it is swallowing up nearly one fourth of
your net revenue. These are examples on a large
scale. The same rule runs through the minutest
detail of the public expenditure, and admonishes
us that nothing should be left to discretion which
can be regulated by law;.and that the price of econ-
omy ie eternal vigilance over those to whom you
are compelled to commit a discretion over any
part of the public expenditures.
When we come to the legislative department,
the great difficulty in the way of a proper economy
is the want of individual responsibility of the le-
gislator. The people do not hold each member
responsible for his own votes; he stands or falls
with his party in his district or State; and neither
gains nor loses by his good or bad conduct in
these respects; and under our system a minority
often holds a majority responsible for the very
abuses which they have foisted upon the coun-
try, by uniting with a fragment of the niujouty.
The people must hold every member responsible
for his own acts, before this great evil can be
corrected; it is in their hands, and they alone
can apply the remedy. Of late years the people
have been so much absorbed with great sectional
issues, that they have given but little heed to the
practical administration of their affairs; and even
great culprits have not only escaped punishment,
but even public indignation, by a clamorous af-
fectation of sectional zeal.
We have maintained an army and a navy from
the beginning of the Government. Bat it is im-
portant to inquire upon what principle they have
been hitherto and ought now to be maintained.
Latterly we seem to have forgotten first princi-
ples. It is not our policy to maintain an army or
navy on a basis having the least relation to sim-
ilar establishments of other nations; we do not
expect or desire to keep up these establishments
on the basis of England, France, and other great
European Powers. In the first place, our remote-
ness from Europe protects us from sudden inva-
sion, and our interests separate us from all com-
plications with her complicated policy, and our
iiis'titutib'ns wisely relieve u~a fi'om any nccfe¥sity
for great military establishments for domestic
uses. The organs of despots abroad, and foolish
or interested men at home, frequently taunt us
with the smallness of our military establishments
in comparison with those mighty engines of op-
pression maintained by the European Powers.
But the comparison is their shame and our true
glory. The peace establishmentof England, be-
fore the late Russian war, was a little over one
hundred thousand men in her army, besides her
large naval establishment. She kept regiments
at home as a security for order; she kept regi-
ments in Ireland to maintain oppression and keep
down just rebellion; she kept regiments in Can-
ada as additional security for the loyalty of the
colonies; regiments in India, to enable the honor-
able East India Company's tax-gatherers to flog
rupees out of the bottoms of the feet of her lov-
ing Asiatic subjects; she kept them in Gibraltar,
in other points in the Mediterranean, in the Per-
sian Gulf, in the East and West Indies, to secure
possession of which her rapacity had robbed the
rightful owners, or to maintain the injustice which
she has inflicted on her own subjects. She has
also nearly two hundred ships in commission,
and she needs them; she is assailable all over the
earth. There* is not a continenton the earth,nor
an island of the sea, nor a civilized nor a savage
people, who have not smarted under her insults
and her injuries. She does not hold so much as
a fortification in the whole earth, outside of Great
Britain, from which the rightful owners will not
wrench the flag of St. George, the moment an
opportunity oilers. Do you suppose Spain would
not retake Gibraltar if she could ? Do you sup-
pose Persia would not retake Aden if she coula?
Do you suppose the Irish do not wish freedom?
Do you suppose her policy in the West Indies
ever had any other sanction than her power?
Do you suppose her hundred million of conquered
subjects in India love their chains ? No, sir, Eng-
land has made the world her enemy, and she
needs troops; and if we compare her necessities
and ours, our own military establishments are
larger than hers in proportion to our necessities.
Besides these standing aggressions, within the
last three years England has been in open war
with half the human race. She can never have
friends until she changes her policy; she has but
one policy, that is to increase her own power,
positively and relatively; first by strengthening
herself; second, by weakening all other Powers
of the earth. Her day of reckoning is at hand;
I hope it will be in my time. Neither have we
the same necessity for armies as the continental
Powers. The French Emperor keeps up an
army of five hundred thousand men in peace;
they are the support of his throne, and his de-
fense against hostile dynasties and peoples at
home and abroad. The same may be said of
all Europe. Possibly their armaments are not
greater than their necessities. We stand on a
different system; our Government has no other
foundation, needs no other support, but the con-
sent of the governed. Our Constitution teaches
us to rely on the people, not on standing armies
to defend us from danger both from within and
without; upon our militia, not on mercenaries to
maintain the honor and interests of the Republic,
both at home and abroad. The allegiance of our
people is voluntary; as long as your institutions
are just, the body of society will be interested in
their maintenance. No Senator here pretends to
ask for a single soldier to preserve peace or order
in any State of the Union. If, under some tem-
porary excitement, any State of thu Union chooses
to disregard the laws, wc cannot afford to crush
her by force; if she is faithless to her high duty,
it is safer to cut her off than to govern her by ex-
ternal force; but we have no such alternative pre-
sented us, and I trust never will have. I have
faith injustice as a sovereign remedy for popular
discontent under republican institutions, none in
soldiers.
Therefore, I want no armies to keep peace at
home, or make war abroad, or to force our Gov-
ernment upon reluctant peoples. W-e need only
enough troops to protect our frontiers against the
casual depredations of savage Indian tribes; ships
enough to protect our commerce from pirates;
from such sudde,n, irregular, lawless violence,as
m&y kfe inflicted on Our t'bmmerce iit different
