1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J 87
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revenue and Expenditures—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
parts of the world. Our Army is already too
great, much too great, for the purpose here speci-
fied, and could be reduced with great public ad-
vantage. For the five years preceding these,
referred to in Mr. Guthrie's report, the expenses
of the military service did not much exceed the
sum of $9,000,000 per annum; and it was not
until 1852-53 that these expenses ever reached
$10,000,000, except during war, or before a re-
duction of the war establishment. When I came
into Congress, the Army expenses ranged from
$4,000,000 to $i6,000,000 perannum. During the
Mexican war, of course, they were greatly in-
creased. We called sixty or seventy thousand
men into the field for foreign war; but, even dur-
ing that war, the whole expenses of the Govern-
ment were but $60,000,000. It is true, you have
since raised the compensation of the Army; but
compensation is not the abuse complained of.
You now spend, in the quartermaster's depart-
ment, above $7,000,000; an amount greater than
the whole expenses a few years ago. You also
gave, several years ago, the discretion to the Sec-
retary of War to carry up your companies to
ninety men, when serving on the frontiers, if
such a measure should become necessary. The
present head of the Department has exercised that
discretion unwisely, in my judgment, by calling
out the last man the law permits, and thereby
greatly increasing not only the pay, but other
expenses rendered necessary by this act. This
discretion ought to be repealed. Its repeal will
save you not less than $3,000,000 per annum.
This is strong proof of the danger of leaving to
discretion that which should be regulated by law.
The Navy Department is running the same
race of profuse expenditure without any corre-
sponding: increase of efficiency. We have had no
marked mciea.se in the number of our seamen for
several years, and but little increase in ships ;
those which we have built for the last three years,
have been built by special appropriations. Your
appropriations for simply improving navy-yards,
not building or repairing ships, are estimated
for the next year at above $2,000,000, and it
will not be less until you arrest it by withhold-
ing the appropriations. You have eight thousand
seamen, and frequently keep as many workmen
in your yards to keep them afloat. You have
eight navy-yards; six located within a few hun-
dred miles of each other on the Atlantic coast;
and I am informed that England has but two or
three yards of construction m the whole of Great
Britain for her six hundred ships. Your own
are so badly governed as to bring a reproach upon
the Administration; its enemies say they are used
to control elections. I know nothing about the
truth of it, but there may be something 111 it; at
all events, it is our duty to see that those who
manage them should not both spend our money
and corrupt the ballot-box. I would put the
sting of disability into the temptation, by con-
fining appropriations to the strict necessities of
the service.
This money does not go to build a ship, or re-
pair a ship. The $2,000,000 which you spend
in navy-yards, does not drive one nail into a
public vessel; does not give Jack an additional
ration of grog. You have carried your naval
expenses in ten years from five or six million
dollars to $13,000,000, with no more efficiency,
and but few more ships. The three or four mil-
lion dollars which you spend ostensibly for the
gradual increase of the Navy, does not build you
a ship; for whenever you want a new one, you
come here for an appropriation. If you want a
little bit of a sloop at a cost of $80,000, there is a
special recommendation for it. The President
recommends it; the Secretary of the Navy rec-
ommends it; and my friend who now occupies
the chair [Mi. Mallory] is urgent about it.
Notwithstanding the tenortwelve million dollars
we give for the Navy, we are asked to vote six
or seven hundred thousand dollars for ten sloops
next year. I think this money is badly spent,
even if spent for politics. If it is to be appropri-
ated even to that business,it ought to bring more
results.
I recollect, Mr. President, that you and I had
some controversy the last session in regard to
naval matters. I stated that the French navy,
proper, cost 130,000,1000 francSi You asked for
my authority, and stated it to he a much larger
sum. I have now got the official account, which
I will take great pleasure in showing you on some
occasion, which proves that I was exactly right.
That is all the French navy costs, with theirfour
or five hundred ships. She expends $24,000,000
on her navy, and we spend $13,000,000. We are
threatened by gentlemen with her four or five
hundred steamers; and we are ridiculed for out*
tenortwelve. Take the English navy, and the
same result is apparent. One gun, floated by the
American Navy, costs five times what a gun is
floated for by Great Britain or France. We can-
not stand that. Squandering our means in peace
is not the way to prepare for war. The true policy
of preparing for war is to strengthen the nation,
to husband its resources, make your people rich
and prosperous, and then they can protect them-
selves. It is not by useless armaments squander-
ing the public money.
Mr. MALLORY, (having left the chair.) Will
the Senator from Georgia allow me to interrupt
him for a moment?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to interfere
with the course of the Senator's remarks; but,
perhaps, it would be as agreeable to him to cor-
rect, as he goes on, any error that he may fall into
in relation to these matters.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. I think the Senator stated
just now that we had eight navy-yards, and Great
Britain had but two. Sir, the fact is, that Great
Britain has seven building yards and constructing
yards in her own immediate dominions, each of
which is probably five times more extensive than
the largest one of ours. That is a very important
matter. Then, in relation to the expenditures of
the French navy, the pay is about one fifth of ours;
and the pay of their mechanics perhaps less than
one fifth; and in the British navy the pay of the
men is fifty per cent, less than with us; and so,
throughout all of her mechanical operations, the
pay is about one third of what it is here. No com-
parison can be instituted between the expendi-
tures of our Navy and that of Great Britain or
France, without taking these things into consid-
eration.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not intend to controvert
that they get things done cheaper in England and
France than we do I believe that, when labor
in New York city is worth six shillings a day,
the Government pays an able-bodied man $2 50.
Mr. MALLORY. In our navy-yards they
give the same rate of wages, and no more, that
is paid in private yards. The current rate re-
ceived in private yards at New York, is that given
111 the public yards. I believe, however, there is
a limitation of time observed in the navy-yards,
the ten-hour rule, which is not observed in the
private yards. That is the only difference I
know of.
Mr. TOOMBS. The fact stands that in Europe
they get their work done cheaper, and yet they
send here to have ships built. The British and
French support their naval establishments at a
much less expense, comparatively, than we do,
and yet we have one gre*it advantage. Not a mast,
perhaps not a spar, that the French navy uses,
is grown on the soil of France. She has not a
mast in all her vast dominions that 1 know of.
They are brought out of Georgia and the Sena-
tor's State, and other southern States.
Mr. MALLORY. I will say, in answer to
that, it is the highest compliment which could be
paid to the mechanical skill and progress of our
country. They do not send heie because they
get their ships built cheaper, but because they get
them built better; for they have not built & ship
in Europe equal to one of ours.
Mr. TOOXIBS. I am not to be diverted by the
Senator's passion for praising the Navy. I have
heard it too often. As for their ships not being
good ships, I presume they are equal to ours, if
they are not, so much the better for us; and we
can take them easier when we come to fight them ;
but I am afraid we shall be mistaken, if we rely
on that. I would rather rely on the mettle of our
men, than on the difference in our ships.
Now I come to the Post Office Department.
My honorable friend from Pennsylvania yester-
day gave us some tables* by which he attempted
to show that the southern States were greatly
benefited by the existing post office arrangement
He gives us tables to show what the excess of
postal expenditures over receipts in Georgia, for
the last five years, has been; and upon the samr
basis he says they ought to have been so much
in Pennsylvania. He seems to look upon the
Government of the United States aa a great beg-
g&V-hoase, from which there ought to be a fair
division of plunder. I have a plain story that
will put that Senator down very readily. I told
him 1 would show him what his tables were worth.
I say there is not a State in the Union, whose ex-
penditures for carrying the mail last year, accord-
ing to the report of the Postmaster General, which
I have before me, did not exceed the receipts, ex-
cept Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New York,
and the District of Columbia; Rhode Island and
the District of Columbia, because they have but
little territory over which to pay for carrying the
mail; New York and Massachusetts because they
received a large amount of foreign postage, for
which we pay England and other foreign coun-
tries and our own steamships over two million
dollars for earning, which is not charged against
them. Therefore, there is, in fact, not a single
State or Territory in the Union in which the post
office is not a burden.
Who has brought about this state of things?
When you reduced your postage to three cents,
it was said, " Let us imitate England; she has a
penny postage, equal to two cents of our curren-
cy; three will give us money enough." My hon-
orable friend from Vermont [Mr. CollamerI
told you that would not do; he brought his usual
good sense to bear, and told Congress it was # 
policy which would not keep the Department self-
sustaining; but it was proved, apparently, by
those who seek to put the expense of their busi-
ness upon the people of the United States, that
three cents would pay all the expense. I pro-
tested against it, and voted against it, and never
believed m it; and I do not think anybody be-
lieved in it, except some very simple people.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to say a word ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 am satisfied it is not the Sen-
ator's intention to misrepresent any statement
which I made; but the effect of his argument will
do so. I was perfectly aware that the statement
which I presented, in the view which the Senator
takes, was not accurate. I stated distinctly, that
I had thrown out of that account the expenses of
the general Department, and the expenses of the
; foreign mail service, and the Pacific service; so
, that the account embodied only the local service
i withm the several States—the expenses for trans-
! mittingthe mails and for postmasters. In domg
1 that, I stated, further, that I acted on thecommu-
! nication of the Postmaster General, to which the
i honorable Senator has just referred, whosaid thai
1 these general expenses belonged to the States pre
rata. I know that when they are divided amongst
the States, there is not one which pays its ex-
penses in full; but that does not in any way dis-
turb the account which 1 presented, which is for
the local expenses within the several States.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have stated the Senator pre-
| cisely as he represents himself; but he left out
I important elements necessary to get at the case.
| The Senator did say that the southern section of
1 the United States was benefited by it at the ex-
] pense of the North. If his argument did not
i mean that, it meant nothing.
!| Mr. BIGLER. I certainly said, and I meant,
i that the States to which 1 referred had a large pro-
I portion of their postage paid out of the Treasury,
j but m what light did I present it? Simply to meet
i the complaint which was made, that the manu-
; facturing States realize large incidental benefits
i from our revenue system. In making up the ac-
! count, I thiew out the foreign postage to which
the honorable Senatoi has referred, a« far as I
: could get the information; and in getting it, I did
I not rely entirely on my own judgment. I en-
1 dcavorcd to make ituccuiate, and i hope lf i^so;
I for I should regret to have made an incorrect
! statement.
! Mr.TOOMBS. TheSenatormay,perhaps, bet-
| tor wait until I am through with my reply to Ins
| postal argument} he will find a good deal more
