;r88
appendix to the congressional globe.
[February 9,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revenue and Expenditures—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
to answer. My complaint of his statement of his
statistics was that they did not present all the
facts, and were therefore calculated rather to mis-
lead than to enlighten us. He recapitulated the
results of five years post office debtor and credit
with Pennsylvania. Why did he not take the
present condition of the postal service in Pennsyl-
vania? It toid a different story, that is all. He
referred to a time when the post office was con-
ducted somewhat after the old fashion—to a time
when men paid their own postage—to a time be-
fore the enterprising classes had contrived to
throw the expenses of their business upon the
public Treasury. But since the post office had
devoted itself to " progress and civilization" in-
stead of carrying letters and newspapers, Penn-
sylvania, like the rest of her sisters, " is short"
in her accounts. The moment that the expenses
of the Department were thrown upon the Treas-
ury, we began a race of deficiency; all the States
became deficient; and the " devil take the hind-
most" is now the cry all along the line.
But the Senator takes consolation from the fact
that Pennsylvania is not so far behind as Virginia
and Geoigia. But there is this difference: Vir-
ginia and Georgia, now and at the time of the
adoption of this profligate policy, opposed it;
Pennsylvania, then and now, supported it. We
insist that the man who writes and receives letters
shall pay his own postage; we say that it is un-
just that merchants, manufacturers, lawyers, and
lottery men, who write great numbers of letters,
and whose business requires it, shall throw the
cost of their business upon the public Treasury;
upon working men who do not, and perhaps can-
not, write letters; we neither seek nor desire that
those union? us whose business requires a large
use of the Post Office, shall compel honest toil to
share with them this part of their business. This
is a departure from the practice of our fathers;
they hold that when the Government undertook
the carrying of people's letters and newspapers,
these people should pay the cost of their trans-
portation; that they should not throw any por-
tion of theii expenses on other people's shouldeis.
Suppose my friend from Pennsylvania should
propose to some honest farmer in Pennsylvania,
near his post office, to hire a box together, each
to pay an equal sum of postage, when his postage
would be ninety-five per cent, to live pur cent, of
his honest friend* does he suppose that ho has a
constituent out of the madhouse who would not
treat the proposition with indignation ? Yet this
is precisely Ine principle upon which our Post Of-
fice 3s now carried on. 1 hey who write letters
and scud or rcceivc newspapers,and whose busi-
ness requires them to do so, throw the expense
of their business upon honest toil, and then wiite
and speak and send men to Congress to prateabout
protection to these very laborers, whom they are
robbing under I he forms of law. Those very skill-
ful, adroit, enterprising gentlemen, contrive a sys-
tem by which they levy pence out of poverty, to
pay the legitimate expenses of their own business,
and thou have the audacity to stand before me
and chum to he the especial'friends of labor. Sir,
it is mockery which should be exposed by all hon-
est men.
That this is the result of the present postal sys-
tem, is demonstrable. It is not sectional; it affects
the laborer in Maine and New York as much ns
it does the laborer in Georgia. J stand here to
resist the transfer of the burdens of commerce,
manufactures, and professions, upon other pur-
suits in Georgia, as well as in Pennsylvania or
New York. The New York Legislature sends
memorials to fasten this bin den upon their labor.
I will not do it. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire stands up here to grind his own poor for
the benefit of the ri^li, 1 will lesist him, and de-
fend the rights of the humblest laboierinNew
Hampshire against this injustice. The Senator
says, with gicat plausibility, I do not intend to
tax the poor men in my State more than three
cents for their letters. Well, suppose three cents
per letter does not pay the cost of transportation:
wli'jie is the iestof the cost to come from ? Out of
the public Ttvaoiny, of course. Who pa} s that 3
Go\eminent e^rns no money; it only spends the
enrrnngs of labor. Nearly all of our taxo** are
levied by duties on imports, which are taxes on
consmnption; rich and poor pay according to
their consumption of dutiable commodities. A
laborer with an income of $1,000 per annum, may
consume as many dutiable goods as a capitalist
with $10,000 a year. I know many planters in
my State who are but little affected by your reve-
nue laws. They live at home. They make their
own shoes and hats and blankets; their daugh-
ters spin and weave their shirts and pants and
coats, and their wives make them up; they buy
salt and iron, and care but little for the balance
of your imports. But take a working man, who
makes no part of his own consumption, and sells
his labor to buy what he needs, and he may con-
sume more dutiable goods, and thus pay more
revenue to the State than one of those persons
with an annual income of $10,000. I have seen it
stated in the newspapers that a very worthy gen-
tleman in New York pays a tax of $85,000 per
annum to the city as assessed on property. His
coachman probably does not pay one cent to the
city, because he may have no taxable property.
But ho probably has as voracious a stomach and
as broaa a back as his employer, and may have a
much larger family to support, and therefore it is
possible that he may consume as many goods
paying duty, and pay as much duty, as his em-
ployer. It is next to impossible that his employer
could consume an amount of dutiable goods in
proportion to his wealth. To collect of this gen-
tleman taxes on imports equal to the tax on prop-
erty which he pays the city of New York, he
would be compelled to buy near §500,000 of duti-
able goods per annum. There are very narrow
limits to individual consumption, especially of the
articles upon which the Fedoial Government lev-
ies its revenue. Most of our people are able to
buy and consume all they want of such commod-
ities. The ditfeience between the consumption
of the poor and the rich is not at all proportioned
to their means of purchasing; therefore their taxes
aie grossly unequal. Indeed, indirect taxes, all
taxes on consumption, are unjust and unequal
taxes. They tell terribly on labor. Thev have
destroyed the labor of Europe, and they will de-
stroy ours, if we keep up the system. They eat
up the small gains of the poor—the substance of
the laborer, by tolling his daily earnings m the
pui chase of the necessaries of life, and exempt the
greater portion of the incomes of the rich from
public, burdens. By tins system, England has
beggared her laborers, who are daily fleeing to
Ameiiea, to Australia, end to all parts of the
earth, t© escape its direful effects. She has aban-
doned protection, but levies her revenues mainly
on the consumption of the necessaries ofhfc, from
the sweat of the poor. Let us profit by her ex-
ample. The revrnuesof the State should be levied
fiom its wealth and notfioui its poverty; thcre-
foie, a lax on property should be substituted for
a tax on consumption, as rapidly as other public
considerations will allow of it. Let notmyfnend
fiom Pennsylvania then put heavier burdens on
the poor to pay the postage of the rich. By bis
own account, they carryall, nay, even more than
they are able to bear. Spare them this additional
infliction, and go with me back to the better days
of the Republic, when letter-writers paid for their
own correspondence, and newspaper-takers paid
thejr own postage, and the humble poor, who,
perhaps, could neither write nor read, were not
burdened with the legitimate expenses of their
more fortunate neighbors. To make the man that
wines no letters pay for those who do, whatever
the New York Legislature may say about it,
whatever the Senator from New Hampshire may
say about it, is but taxing the poor, and it may be
the unfortunate poor, for the benefit of the rich.
But the Postmaster Geneial seems to think that
we should no more expect the Post Office Depart-
ment to support itself than the Army or Navy. I
would tell him there is this difference: the public
defense is indivisible, We can only apportion
the expenses of these Departments among the
people justly by just taxation; if we could appor-
tion these expenses according to the benefits re-
ceived, it ought to be done. But it lies at the
foundation of civil society, that every part of it,
evt. ry man in it, is bound with, his life and his
pjoperty, the whole of H, to defend and preserve
the State, and defend every man in the Slate.
But there is nothing in civil society that requires
one man to be taxed to carry Another man's let-
ters, move than there is to tax him to carry to
market another man's corn, wheat, cotton, or po-
tatoes. Not to see this distinction is a sufficient
solution of our present postal difficulties.
I demand, therefore, that the Post Office shall
support itself, or be cut off from the Government.
If New England, on account of her dense popu-
lation and particular pursuits, can support her
postal system at a less cost than we of the South
can, let her have the benefit of it. We do not
wish or desire her money to pay for our letters.
My friend from Virginia [Mr. Hunter] has pre-
sented a project which will meet all such difficul-
ties, and do justice to the whole country. We
get an undue share of the wastage of the Post
Office Department. We have hitherto resisted,
and now desire to surrender it as unjust. Abol-
ish your franking privilege, stop weighing down
your mails with useless unpaid trash, such as
Globes and Patent Office reports; raise postage
to a remunerating point; and if you cannot then
carry on the system as cheaply and efficiently as
it can be otherwise done, abandon the business
and leave the transportation of letters where the
transportation of all other commodities is left,
with those who have an interest in the business.
I know you will not do it well; and I would to-
day, if I could, sever the connection between the
Government and the postal business of the people.
But it will take some time for this plain truth to
get itself acknowledged. I am content to watch
and watt. In the mean time, labor must toil and
sweat and bear other burdens for the sake of soft
words from deceitful tongues. I suppose it would
be hard for me to convince a day laborer at one
of the furnaces of Pennsylvania, who has nothing
to carry to market, that it would be to his interest
to join mo and pay one half or two thirds of the
expense of carrying my cotton to market, and I
to pocket all the benefits of the operation; but
that is exactly what his Representatives here are
doing for him v/ith regard to my letters, every
day they sustain our present Post Office system.
These are blind leaders of the blind, or men who
see, yet perceive not. Sir, I am a friend of labor;
I honor it; 1 pity it; the world pmistis it and robs
it. 1 will give no vote to rob it of its just earn-
ings. I will not wring another drop of sweat
from its face.
You need not talk to me, then, about a defi-
ciency of ^,10,000,000 in your Post Office Depart-
ment for tne next fiscal year. I will not vote it,
1 will not provide for it, and, without that single
item, we need no increase of taxes. Make those
who use the post office pay for their own busi-
ness, and you have no need to levy a single shil-
ling out o? labor for the next year. The Post
Office Department pays above $£,400,000 for car-
rying the mails from the Atlantic to the Pacific
side of the continent. T remember a few years
ago, that Mr. Vanderbilt offered to Congress to
do that service efficiently for $250,000 per annum.
I doubt not it could be done to-day for $500,000.
We receive but $272,747 06 from the whole of our
Pacific postage; we, therefore, sink near $2,250,000
on the mail service on that coast. This annual
loss is greater than the whole loss on postage, from
the Revolution to the acquisition of California,
from the best data 1 can obtain. Is it not time
that one's patience should be exhausted ? Is it
not time that the Postmaster General should cease
developing *5 the agricultural and mineral resources
of nearly one half the continent," by means of
four-horse post-coaches ? is it not time that ho
should stop pioneering for " civilization and pro-
gress?" I think so—1 shall vote so. These things
can be done better by letting them alone. There
is no sane man in America who would manage his
business in this way. Any man who would thus
manage his own affairs would have them taken out
of his hands in any well-regulated community,
and put into commission. He would be, to use a
pohte term, what the Scotch call an innocent, fa-
vored by the gods, and deserving the kindprotec-
tion of ail men. We must alter our system, bring
! down this Department to the wantsof the country
to be tested by what those who use it are willing
to pajr for it. I must pass other equally glaring
excesses in other Departments of the Govern-
ment. I intended to look into your Indian affairs,
| your light-house system, your custom-house, and
I post office building expenses, but I have not time,
