810
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
till the 20th of September, 1865, to complete the
same.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with an amendment to insert, at the end of
the bill:
Provided nevertheless, That the said Mobile and Ohio
Railroad Company be subjected to, and shall comply with,
all the conditions, restrictions, and limitations contained in
the act of Congress above referred to, approved September
SO, 1850.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as?amended, |
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered j
to be engrossed* ;
The bill was ordered to be read a third time; j
and it was read the third time.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to record m« vote j
against the passage of the bill. I do not propose !
to discuss it, however. I will merely state two '
objections, in my mind, to the passage of the bill. !
One is, that the company propose 10 make Co- 1
lumbia the terminus of the road instead of Cairo; !
thus leaving a link of twelve or fifteen or twenty I
miles, in the chain of communication, to be sup- I
plied by steamboats instead of railroads. The 1
other is, that it places a company in the position ;
of the State, so far as concerns the fulfillment of:
the guarantees contained in the original bill male- I
ing the grant of land. Under the original bill, the \
States of Alabama and Mississippi would be re- j
quired, if they should fail to fulfill the conditions |
of the grant, to refund to the Treasury of the j
United States money in lieu of the land. .If this i
bill shall pass with the amendment now attached j
to it, it will require of the railroad company to ;
refund to the Treasury of the United States, in- i
stead of leaving that duty with the States of Mis- I
sissippi and Alabama. 1 apprehend that all those t
who are interested in bavins a complete line of i
communication from the lak^s of the north to j
the Gulf on the south, would desire that tin: ori-
ginal contract, implied in the law making this
grant, should be fulfilled, and that that chain of ;
railroad communication should be complete. If i
this bill shall pass, even with the amendment, the j
railroad communication from the lakes to the
Gulf wilt not be complete. I call the attention of
the Senator from Illinois to this subject, how-
ever, as a party more directly interested than I
am.
Mr. BROWN. I think the Senator is entirely
mistaken. If any such objection lay to the bill
as he states, I think it is entirely covered by the
amendment; but if he wants more specific lan-
guage let him put it in. I think an amendment
which proposes that all the ohhgnlions-and duties
imposed by the original bill, shall be left m full
force, will bind the company and bind the States.
I cannot see that there is any objection to that.
Mr. HARLAN. I ask for the reading of the
amendment, from which it will appear that I am
correct. „
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr.'IIAllLAN. The original law is in the
nature of a contract between the Government of 1
the United States and the States of Alabama and ;
Mississippi. This substitutes a company m place ,
of the States. That is one point. The other is, i
that the original design seemed to have been to
secure a railroad communication from the lakes !
of the north to the Gulf of Mexico. This com- 1
pany, under their compact with the State of Mis-.
sissippi, propose to stop short of Cauo, the point
mentioned in tlic original bill.
Mr. BROWN. I do not want any advantage
in this legislation. 1 am perfectly willing to add
the words which have been suggested to me by
the Senator (Vom Michigan:
And thai norlnii!.' in tins aft slinll be so constiuert as to
release the Stat'1-, of Alabama and .Mississippi trom any ob-
ligation contained in tin: original acl.
Mr. HARLAN. With that amendment, I have
no objection.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No amend-
ment can be offered now without unanimous con-
sent. The Chair heais no objection.
Mr. BROWN. I do not want the States re-
leased, and they do not desire it.
Mr. STUART. I offer an amendment to ac-
complish the object;
Jlivl provided. That nothing herein contained sfiafl be
construed so ;i-> to release the States of Mississippi yrtd Al-
abama noiii any habdiry imposed upon mem, or either of
them, by the s.ud act ol September 90, 1850.
Mr. DAVIS, I have not the least objection to
the amendment; that is, I have no objection to
the obligation which the amendment would seem
to impiv; but I have an objection to amending the
bill at all. It may defeat the whole matter, by
sending it back.
Mr. JBRO WN. I hardly think it can when we
cannot get it through at all without the first
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. If the amendment is considered
important by any one—very well.
Mr. BROWN. The bill has already been
amended on the motion of the chairman of the.
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot conceive that it is of
the least importance, but if it is insisted on I shall
not object.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 should like to inquire of
the Senator from Mississippi whether there is
anything in this bill which authorizes a change
of the terminus?
Mr. BROWN and Mr. DAVIS. No.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is the terminus still at
Cairo ?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
The bill was passed.
CREEK DEPREDATIONS.
Mr. WADE. I renew the call for the private
Calendar.
The P11ES1 DENT pro tempore. The private
Calendar will be taken up.
The first bill on the Calendar was the bill (S. ,
No. 2G) to provide foi the examination and pay- |
ment of certain claims of citizens of Geoigia and j
Alabama, on account of losses sustained by dep- j
redations of the Creek Indians. j
Mr. IVERSON. It is agreed among the par- j
ties interested that that bill shall be laid aside. I
move that it be postponed for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
JOSE DE LA MAYA ARREDONDO.
The Senate, as ill Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 12G)
for the relief of the heirs and legal representatives
of Jose de la Maya Arredondo.
The bill provides that the Commissioner of the
Geneial Land Office shall cause to be surveyed,
by the surveyor general of Florida, twenty thou-
sand acres of land in that State, accoiding to the
calls, boundaries, and description contained in
the grant of the same, by the Governor of East
Florida, to Jose de la Maya Arredondo, bearing
date March 20, 1817, and referred to in the record
and proceedings of the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, in the case of the United States against
Benjamin Chaires and others, decided at the Jan-
uary term of that court in 1836, and according to
the survey of the same grant made by Joshua A.
Cotlee, in 1824; and, upon the return of the sur-
vey to the General Land Office, shall issue ,i patent
to the hens oi legal representatives of Jo^o de la
Maya Arredondo, for any portion of the grant of
laud which may, at the time of the survey, be
found to be vacant; and for the remainder of the
grant the hetrs or legal representatives shall liave
the right to enter, many land office of the United
States, a like -quantity of any land subject to pri-
vate entry, m parcels conformable to sectional di-
visions and subdivisions.
Mr. MALLORY. Is that bill reported from
the Judiciary Committee by the Senator fiom
Louisiana, [Mr. IjT.ajamix : i
The Secretary. Itwas reported by Mr. Biggs,
from the Committee on Private Land Claims. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question j
is on the amendment offered by the Senator fiom ;
Florida [Mr. Mai.lohy] to the bill at the last ses- I
sion, in line sixteen, after the word " lepre.-sent- J
atives" to insert, "of B. Chaires, deceased, to i
Gad Humphries and Pedro Miranda;" and in
line eighteen, after the word " vacant," to insert
"or unappropriated."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask that that bill be laid
aside for to-dav. I sec that my colleague is not
m his place. It relates to a matter winch, I be-
lieve, has been provided for in a bill reported by
the Senator from Louisiana. I move that it be
postponed for the present.
The motion was agreed to.
EPISCOPAL MISSIONARY SOCIETY".
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 196) au-
thorizing the Domestic a*d Foreign Missionary
Society of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the
United States to enter a certain tract of land in
the State of Wisconsin.
The Domestic and Foreign M issionary So-
ciety of the Protestant Episcopal Church in the
United States, by this bill, is to be authorized to
enter, at the rate of $1 2.) per acre, acertain tract
of land known as the " Mission Farm, "and num-
bered as lot No. 18, on the east bank of Fox river,
near Green bay, State of Wisconsin, having a
front on Fox river of six chains, and running
eastwardly back from the river, between parallel
lines, one hundred and fifty-four and sixty-nine
hundredths chains, and containing runety-two
and eighty-one hundredths superficial acres.
In the year 1829, the Domestic and Foreign
Missionary Society of the Protestant Episcopal
Church in the United States, by permission of the
Secretary of War, entered upon lot No. 18, situ-
ated on the east side of Fox river, near Green
bay,-3ft the Stale of Wisconsin, and established
thcieon a mission and schoolamong the Menom-
oncc and other Injhansin that vicinity. The me-
morial of the society alleges that the mission con-
tinued in successful operation until the removal of
the Indians to the west of the Mississippi, and
that upwards of nine thousand dollars have been
disbursed for improvements made by it on the
land The sociely, in order to indemnify itself
as far as possible, as well as to carry on missions
elsewhere, now asks Congiess to pass an act al-
lowing it to enter the lanu on the payment of the
usual price demanded of settlers on public lands.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JOHN HASTINGS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 207) for the relief of John Hastings, collector
of the port of Pittsburg.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 move to postpone that bill.
The motion was agreed to.
MISSOURI TWO PER CENT. FUND.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 157) to provide for the [taymcnt to the State
of Missouri, oftwo per centumon the net proceeds
of the sales of the public lands therein, hereto-
fore reserved under a compact with that State. _
Mr. PUGH. We passed n House bill this
moraine for the same purpose. 1 move that this
lie on the table.
Mr STUART. I move to postpone it indefi- •
nitely, so as to get it off the Calendar.
The motion of Mr. Stuart was agreed to.
ALEXANDER ROSE.
The bill (S. No. 2-13) for the relief of Alexan-
der Rose, was read the second time; and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
It dnects that the Secretary of the Treasury
pay to the heirs of Captain Alexander Rose, of
the Sixth Virginia regiment of tile continental line
of the Revolution, the conimntainni pay uf a cap-
tain of infant! y, amounting to £.2,400.
Mr. SLIDELL. Let us hear the report in that
case.
The Secretary proceeded fo read the report.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 am willing to dispense with
, the further leading of the report. 1 thought it
mvolvid the general principle. I see that it is a
picullai e^se.
.Mr. TOOMBS. I want it read .
The Secretary concluded the rending of the re-
port, from which it appeared that Alejiandui Rose
was a captain in the Vugiuia continental regiment
from the 17th of September, 177G, to the 3d of
September, 1778; that lie never received the com-
mutation, and died about 1814. To entitle his
heiis to the commutation of five years'full pay
under the resolution of 1783, it is necessary that
they should adduce satisfactory evidence that he^
served to the end of the war. The evidences of
that fact are: 1. That he received from the State
of Virginia the amount of land which was due to
an officer who so served. 2. The affidavit of John
Stith, a captain in the fourth regiment, dated m
1807, who swears that Alexander Rose was in the
j sixth regiment of infantry m the spring of the
year 177(1, qnd afterwards was promoted to tile
rank of captain, in which capacity he served to
the close of the war, in 17S3. There is also a cor-
