1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
180
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revenue and Expenditures—Mr. Toombs.
Senate.
or strength; I must reserve them for a future oc-
casion. Tour whole Indian relations oughtto be
changed. The present head of the Interior De-
partment manages that, and all the rest of the
public interests committed to him, with great in-
dustry, integrity, and ability; but the system is
wrong and demands reform.
I must here leave the second point of the con-
troversy, and submit to the Senate and the coun-
try whether I have not shown that the present
basis of Government expenditure is neither wise,
prudent, necessary, or proper, and ought to be
altered. These views necessarily dispose of the
whole question; but, as the Senator only made
this resolution a text for a tariff speech, I will
follow him into his remedy for imaginary neces-
sities. The truth is, the honorable Senator is a
good friend of economy in the abstract; he votes
well upon public expenditures, but he imagines
that Pennsylvania wants additional protection on
iron; he does not wish to come up and demand it
as a wise and proper system of legislation, but
assumes that it is a financial necessity. He does
think that additional protection on iron will ben-
efit Pennsylvania, I do not think so; it may be
a benefit to particular interests in Pennsylvania,
but not to her whole people. I do not believe the
people of Pennsylvania have raised this clamor.
I think the iron-mongers have raised it; they speak
in the name of Pennsylvania to give weight to
their appeals; but I am unwilling to believe the
State of Pennsylvania demands any such legisla-
tion. Why should it have arisen now? It is
shown by the very able report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, that there was less foreign iron
imported last year than there harl been for many
years before; that the production of iron had
steadily increased up to the pecuniary revulsion,
until the product had reached the unprecedented
amount of one million tons. It is true, iron has
fallen in Pennsylvania; and so it has all over the
world. Does the iron-maker expect that Con-
gress is to protect him from wide-spread mone-
tary convulsions> If he does, his expectations
are vain; for Providcnce has wisely denied them
the power to do such a thing.
I have disposed of the tariff of 1857, so far as
it affects the revenues of the Treasury: I now
propose to examine it in its industrial effects.
The act of 1857 is a tariff for revenue, discrim-
inating for protection. Whether this system be
wise or unwise, it is the principle upon which
that act is founded; it is based upon th« principle
contended for by Mr. Clay, m 1844, though not
carried to the extent to which he would have
carried it, if he had succeeded to power. Then
the principle of the bill is not obnoxious to Penn-
sylvania; it is justly obnoxious on account of the
extent to which the principle is carried. Even as
a protective measure, I think it transcends, in
the present state of the country, any reasonable
bounds of protection, and if the revenues do re-
quire augmentation, that such increase ought
lather to be sought i« the imposition of duties on
some of the free articles of that act than in any
increase of the duty on the protected articles.
The duty on iron, as laid at the custom-house, is
at least twenty-five per cent, ad valorem. Is not
one fourth of the price of iron enough protection
for it at this day ? Mr. Clay only defended pro-
tection even within the revenue principle, while
our manufactories were in their infancy. When
will the iron manufactory get grown; what is the
age of its majority? It has been protected with
a duty from twenty-five to one hundred percent,
for atove forty years—from 3816 to this day.
How long before it can stand alone ' If it be that,
after the lapse of forty years, it is unable to stand
without protection, according to all sound prin-
ciples, even of the protective policy, it ought to
be abandoned, and American labor should no
longer be wasted m the unprofitable pursuit. We
ha\e had time, continuous protection, and expe-
rience for forty years; within this time the cost
of producing iron in the market1; of the world has
been reduced one half; and if, under all these cir-
cumstances, iron cannot be profitably made with
the advantage of twenty-five per cent, duty, we
should no longer close to ourselves the markets of
the world. It is an article of the first necessity in
nearly all of the industrial pursuits of the earth.
It is especially so to the greatest interest of this
country, and of the whole world—that of agricul-
ture. The farmer relies on iron for the production
and transportation of his commodities to market.
The farmers of the United States have no pro-
tection, and can have none; that interest, in the
greater portion of our country, is extremely de-
pressed. Shall we put new burdens on it for the
benefit of the iron manufacturer ? 1 say not. He
already gives them a quarter of every dollar he
spends for his own implements of husbandry;
and those who transport his commodities to dis-
tant markets of consumption, already pay one
fourth of the cost of all iron necessary to lay their
tracks for the support of the iron interest. The
business of the food-growers is as much depressed
as that of the iron-makers; by what right shall
the latter tax them for their benefit ? Their pur-
suit is entitled to no more favor; it is no more
useful to the human race; no more necessary to
the State; they are not by many, many millions
so numerous; why, I ask again, shall they be
thus favored ? They are more enterprising and
clamorous; but I would advise them to beware
how they push for extraordinary benefits at this
day; new and great interests have sprung up m
this country. Cheap transportation is the first
necessity of the great West and the South—now
a majority of this country; their rough produce,
corn, wheat, potatoes, beef, and pork, must find
a market on the Atlantic, and in Europe; more
than one thousand millions of capital has already
been invested in railroads to meet this ever-grow-
ing demand for cheap transportation. This is the
power you have to urcad; look to it. They can
combine as well as iron men; the present iron
duty taxes them fifteen hundred dollars per mile
on all the roads they build. They will not long
submit to it. They are now prepared to say to
the iron-masters, we have protected you for above
forty years; you have had time enough to learn
your trade; we will tax ourselves and our cus-
tomers, the agriculturists, no longer for your
benefit; and I think they will be words of wis-
dom and of truth.
Mr. President, I have but a few words more to
say on this subject, and they are words of friendly
warning to the protective interests which now
seek to disturb the tariff of 1857. That act dis-
criminates largely for protection. It relieved
nearly all of the foreign commodities necessary to
domestic manufactures from duty, and even the
exceptions were retained for protection and not
revenue purposes. It was a great concession to
domestic industry, m violation of the principles
of free trade. When U wa^ adopted, we found
our revenues redundant, and it became necessary
to reduce taxes, in order to prevent great and
unnecessary and hurtful accumulations in the
Treasury. We, who earnestly desired a reduc-
tion of revenue, found it necessary, in order to
obtain it, to make large concessions to the manu-
facturing interest. In some respects the act of
1846did work hard upon them. Thirty per cent,
duty was laid upon woolen manufactures, but
the same amount was also laid upon wool, thus
greatly neutralizing the benefit of the duty to the
manufacturers. They asked that coarse wool, at
least, should be free, and woolen manufactures
left in the twenty-four per cent, schedule. The
demand was granted, and they went on their way
rejoicing. The Senator from New York, the
especial representative, (not of free trade, but of
free soil and protection,) was in the conference
committee which reported this act; it received his
support, and thnt of his friends generally; all
parties are fairly committed to its support; com-
mitted to it not only as a protective, but as a
revenue measure; committed to it with the full
understanding that it would not produce above
$50,000,000 on the importations of the then cur-
rent year, and that for any increase of that sum
we could only look to the future increase of the
production and consumption of the country. It
was a national settlement, and carried with it the
implied pledge that the public expenses were to
be Kept down to that standard.
But now, sir, we are told by the Senator from
Pennsylvania, that his State demands a change of
this measure, the Executive Government asks a
change of this measure, and that, too, in the face
of its entire success, according to the estimates of
the Treasury Department. Well, I know not the
result; I have seen many strange things in poli-
tics in my time; I know not how many gentlemen
are prepared to eat up their own words so lately
uttered. I am not prepared for it. I shall stand
to it until it shall be found necessary to reduce,
but not to raise it. It gives all the protection I
shall ever assent to; and if we need more revenue,
I am in favor of raising it from the free lists, and
not from the protected articles. The protective
interest will find it to their advantage to standby
their bargain, to stand by their implied pledge to
reduce the appropriations to the economical wants
of the Government. There is safety in it as well
as honor and good faith.
The honorable Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Bigler] suggests a change in the mode of levy-
ing the duty; at least, on some articles, he prefers
specific to ad valorem duties. I have always be-
lieved that, whether your duties were high or low,
specific could be wisely substituted for ad valorem
duties on a great many commodities; such has
been the experience of all the great commercial
nations. Thirteen years ago the arguments now
urged for specific duties were submitted, by me
against the universal adoption of ad valorem du-
ties m the act of 1846. I then argued that ad val-
orem duties offered greater facilities for fraud on
the customs; that their effect would be to make
your revenue, under the same rate, less stable and
more fluctuating, inasmuch as it would make it de-
pend on the prices of the dutiable articles, as well
as the quantity consumed, and that its necessary
effect would be to raise the most revenue when
the Treasury would be the least pressed, and give
most protection where none might be needed, and
least when the most was needed. A slight ex-
amination of the sugar duties for the last two
years will strongly illustrate these positions: For
the years 1856-57, we received from duties on
sugar $12,478,871; equaling nearly one fifth of
the whole revenue for that year. In the year
1857-58, we received only $4,547,199; or less
than one ninth of the revenue for that year.
But, sir, while I believe that on many com- *
modities it would be wise to levy a specific duty,
whether it be large or small, instead of ad valorem,
yet the great majority of those with whom I act
and most generally agree on these subjects, prefer
the ad valorem mode. But they agree with me
that the public burdens shall not be increased;
they only differ from mc as to the manner of im-
posing them; and as my great abiding object is to
prevent an increase of public taxes, I shall yield
to them the manner of imposing them. The
friends of specific ekities generally, in this body,
are the friends of increased protection; many of
them care less for the manner ot laying duties
than for the amount levied; some of them think
specific duties a convenient mode, especially at
this time, of covering up increased piotection.
The Senator from Pennsylvania [Mr Bigler]
says that $12 per ton is suggested on rails. The
last accounts from Cardiff gave the price of rails
at £6 10*. per ton; £12 per ton is about thirty-six
per cent, ad valorem on present prices. The Sen-
ator is not in favor of hi^h duties, but only sug-
gests a speciiic rate which will give thirty-six per
cent, instead of twenty-five per cent, piotection.
He also suggests §15 on bur iron—it was worth,
by the last adviccs, >£6 6s. This is only asking
a little more than forty per cent, in lieu ot twenty-
five per cent. All ho wants are incidental advant-
ages from a revenue tariff, but he seems willing
to take on any amount of burden only to get the
! 41 incident." I believe his colleague wants §18
! on bar iron.
Mr. CAMERON. Oh, no; I take no part in
this. I am listening to the gentleman with great
pleasure. It is a fight between members of the
dominant party.
Mr. TOOMBS. I can toll the Senator we have
passed the time for viewing this great social ques-
tion through the disturbed medium of partisan
prejudices. I am arguing this question to Ameri-
can Senators, who, without reference to party,
voted for the law now under consideration. They
have already discarded mere party objects in its
adjustment. The honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr, Bigler,] for whom I have a very
