1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
811
tificate, signed by Samuel Coleman, in the follow-
ing words: " It appears from the list transmitted
from the War Office of the United States that Al-
exander Rose was considered as in service until
the end of the war, and that he is entitled to addi-
tional land bounty for eight mofiths." Copies of
the affidavit and certificate are certified from the
executive department of Virginia, by theSecretary
of the Commonwealth. 3. A letter from the As-
sistant Secretary of State of the United States, in
which it is stated that " the name of Alexander
Rose appears on the list of officers who served to
the close of the revolutionary war, on file among
the original Washington papers in that Depart-
ment." But, on the other hand, there is evidence
from the Pension Office that the name of Alex-
ander Rose is returned on the list of officers of the
"Virginia continental line, on file in that office,
among the supernumerary captains, prior to Oc-
tober, 1780, who were entitled to one year's pay
and bounty land. There is an apparent incon-
sistency in these statements; but the committee
think the preference should be given to the first;
because, the Washington papers, as to the service
of the officers, are regarded as more reliable than
the lists to be found m the other offices; becausc
the affidavit and certificate are both confirmatory
of the service to the end of the war; and that both
may be true, a? Captain Rose, although a super-
numerary in 1780, may have again entered the
army, and served as stated in the Washington
papers.
Mr. PUGH. I move that that bill be indefi-
nitely postponed. 1 do not see the merit of the
claim. However,I will take the vote on the pas-
sage of the bill. I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that here is a party as to
whom there is no proof to bring him within the
resolution for commutation at all. There is a
mere vague statement that, in 1780, his name was
found on a list of supernumerary officers, and the
committee presume that he must have entered the
service again. Now, there is no difficulty about
his service from 1776 to 1778. That is proved;
but that does not entitle him; and upon a vague
presumption that he might have entered the ser-
vice again, and might have served longer, he is
to be interpolated into the benefit of that famous
commutation resolution, upon which the great
revolutionary plunder bill was based a few years
ago. I think there are enough claimants within
that resolution, without interpolating any others;
and I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the committee if there
is any reason given—there is none in the report—
for the delay of this claim for seventy years. If
he was entitled to it he could have gone in 1790
and got it. The men at that time knew all about
it. I say we ought not, here in the Senate, after
a lapse of seventy years, to pass a claim, which
if true, was very easily proven in 1790; and there-
fore, even if the proof was apparently good, 1
should think we ought not to allow it. We should
recollect, too, how very stringent were the revo-
lutionary officers themselves, for, by a report to
Congress at the very beginning of the Govern-
ment, they said they would not extend that one
inch, knowing its results were very unequal to
the officers of the Revolution.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 hope the bill will be post-
poned for the present. Neither of the Senators
from Virginia is here.
Mr. PUGH. That is a got>d suggestion. As
the Senators from Virginia are not here it had
better be passed over, though I believe it has
been passed over every time it has been called
up, last session and this session.
The PRESiDKNTprotempore. It willbe passed
over.
REFERENCE OF A BILL.
Mr. SEIDELL. I ask permission of the Sen-
ate to have a bill taken from the tabic, merely for
the purpose of reference. I supposed the Senator
from Tennessee [Mr. Bell] had charge of it yes-
terday. It is the bill for the relief of the captors
of the brig Caledonia. I move that it be referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to;
and it was referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
LAND TITLES IN MAINE.
The bill (S. No. 250) to provide for quieting
certain land titles in the late disputed territory m
the State of Maine, and for other purposes, was
read the second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
It is proposed to authorize the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Laura A. Stebbins, of Ban-
gor, in the State of Maine; Catharine C. Ward,
of Roxbury, in the State of Massachusetts; Rufus
Mansur, of Houlton, in the State of Maine; and
James A. Drew, of Phoenix, in the State of Rhode
Island, the sum of $3,353 each, being, in all, the
sum of $13,422, in full compensation for three
thousand three hundred and fifty-three acres of
land, in the half township in the State of Maine
granted by the State of Massachusetts to the late
General Eaton, and called the " Eaton grant," to
which the parties lost title by the operation of the
fourth article of the treaty of 9th August, 1842,
" To settle and define the boundary between the
United States and the possessions of her Britannic
Majesty in North America:" but Laura A. Steb-
bins, Catharine C. Ward, Rufus Mansur, and
James A. Drew, are to execute deeds of release
to the parties holding " possessory," or " equita-
ble possessory claims," to the three thousand
three hundred and fifty-three actes ofland, or any
portion thereof, as descnbed in the reports made
to the Governor and Council of Maine, by Eb~
enezer Hutchinson, and others, commissioners
under a resolution passed by the Legislature of
that State on the 12th day of April, 1854, and the
plan of surveys accompanying the reports, and
of record m the land office of that State; and it is
to appear to the satisfaction of the land agent of
the State of Maine that such deeds of release ef-
fectually convey a good title to the lands, except
so far as the titles have been affected by the oper-
ation of the treaty; but if it shall appear to the
land agent that the partiesare incompetent to make
such deeds of release to the whole of the lands,
then they shall be entitled to receive a pro rata
oniy of the compensation for so much as they shall
convey.
The Secretary is also authorized and required
to pay to Edmund Monroe and Benjamin Sewail,
of Boston, in the State of Massachusetts, the
sum of $13,540, in the proportion of three fourths
thereof to the former and one fourth to the latter,
in full compensation for three thousand three
hundred and eighty-five acres of land in the west-
ern half of Plymouth township, so called, in the
State of Maine; and the sum of $G,768 to Rufus
Mansur, of Houlton, Maine, and James A. Drew,
of Phcenix, Rhode Island, in full compensation
for sixteen hundred and ninety-two atfres of land
in the eastern half of that township, to which the
said parties severally lost title by the opeiation
of the fourth aiticle of the same treaty, subjcct
to the same leguladons, restrictions, and pro-
visions.
The Secretary of the Treasury is also directed
to pay to Laura A. Stebbins, of Bangor, Maine,
and Catharine C. Waid, of Dorchester, Massa-
chusetts, the sum of $G,650; and to Edmund
Monroe and Benjamin Sewall\ of the city of Bos-
ton, in Massachusetts, the sum of §7,(135, in the
proportion of three fourths of the same to Mon-
roe and one fourth to Sewail; and to James A.
Diew, of Phcenix, Rhode Island, and Rufus Man-
sur, of Houlton, Maine, the sum of $9,328; the
several suTns being in full compensation, at the
rate of one dollar per acre, for timber tnken from
lands owned by those parties, respectively, and
located m the Eaton grant and Plymouth town-
ship, so called, m the State of Maine, and within
the district recognized as the disputed territory,
which timber was taken oil and lost to the pro-
prietors in consequence of the diplomatic ar-
rangement entered into between the United States
and Great Britain in 1832, by which both parties
agreed to abstain from the exercise of jurisdic-
tion in that Territory.
The hill was reported to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest that there is a word to be inserted in the
second section. It now reads: " that the Secre-
tary;" it should read: " the Secretary of the Treas-
ury." That amendment will be made if there be
no objection.
Mr. WRIGHT. If there is any report in the
case, I should like to hear it.
Mr. IVERSON. If the Secretary will send me
the report, I think I can make a much shorter ex-
planation of the bill than can be made by the read-
ing of the report. It is a va~y long report.
This claim arises out of the fourth article of the
treaty, commonly called the Ashburton treaty,
between the United States and Great Britain. The
fourth article was in these words;- -
Art. 4. AH grants of land heretofore made ,ky,<?i{heT
party within the limits of the territory which, by thia treaty,
fall within the dominion of the other party, shall be held
valid, ratified, and confirmed to the persons m possession
under such grants, to the same extent as if such territory-
had by this treaty fallen within the dominions of the party
by whom such giants were made; and all equitable pos-
sessory claims arising from a possession arid improvement
of any lot or parceJ of land by the person actually in pos-
session, or by those under whom &uch person claims,.for
mote than six years before the date ot this treaty, shall, m
like manner, be deemed valid, and be confirmed "and quieted
by a release to the person en titled*thereto, of the title to such
lot or parcel ofland so descnbed as be^t to include the im-
provements made thereon; and in all other respects, the two
contracting parties agree to deal upon the most liberal prin-
icples of equity with the settlers actually dwelling upon the
territory falling to them, respectively, which has'heretofore
been in dispute between them.'3 - >
Under this article of the treaty, it will be per-
ceived that when the line should be ascertained
between the two countries, the persons who had
been in possession of any of those lands for six
years anterior to the treaty were to hold them,
under the operation of this clause of the treaty,
several of the owners'of this property, those who
held the legal title, have been deprived of their
lands, and they have gone to actual settlers, per-
sons who squatted on the land sifc years before
the execution of the treaty.
Mr. WRIGHT. I am satisfied.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no disposition to go
any further if the Senator is satisfied. There can
be no difficulty about the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time; and it was read the third time, and
passed.
SIETja DE BONNE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 259)
authorizing the courts to adjudicate the claim of
the legal representatives of the Sieur de Bonne
and Chevalier de Repentigny, to certain land at
the Sault Sainte Marie, in the State of Michi-
gan.
The legal representatives of the Sieur de Bonne
and of the Chevalier de Repentigny are, by this
hill, to be authorized to present their petition to
the United States district court for the distnet of
Michigan, setting forth the nature of their clairft
to certain land at the Sault Ste. Marie, in the State
of Michigan, under an alleged grant in 1750, from
the Governor and lieutenant general, and from the
mtenddiit general of New France, now Canada,
with evidence m support of their claim, statin®;
the names of all persons claiming adversely, and
praying that the validity of the title may be irt-
qujted into and decided under the laws of nations,
the laws, usages, and customs of the countryfrom
which the same was derived, and the treaties and
laws of the United States; and the courtis to be
authorized to examine the same, and, in adjudi-
cating the question of the validity of the title as
against the United States, to be governed by the
laws of nations, and of the country from which
the title was derived, and also by the principles,
so far as they arc applicable, which are recognized
m the act of Congress approved the 26th May,
1824, " enabling the claimants to land within the
limits of the State of Missouri and Territory of
Arkansas to institute proceedings to try the va-
lidity of the same;" and the district attorney is
directed to proceed in defense of the interests of
the United States in all things, as required and
directed by the act of 2Gth May, 1824. Suit is to
be instituted by the claimants within two years,
and an appeal may be taken either by the claim-
ants or the United States to the Supreme Court of
the United States within one year from the date
of the rendition of the decree of the district court.
In case of a final decision against the validity of
the claim, or in case of the failure of claimants to
prosecute'it within the period specified, the claim
is to be held forever barred, both in law and equity;
but in the case of a final decree in favor of the
validity of the grant, it is not to be construed to
affect, or in any way impair, any adverse sales,
claims, or other rights which have been recog-
nized by the United States within the limits of the
claim, or which, under any law of the United
States; may have heretofore been brought to the
notice of the land commissioners or of the land
officers in Michigan, but for the area of any such
