190
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Government Expenditures—Mr. Abbott.
Ho. of Reps.
high personal respect, advocates an unsound pol-
icy, in my judgment. 1 propose to meet him, as
far as I am able, with arguments worthy of the
Senate, and worthy of the great public interests
involved. The Senator and the Government had
as well begin to look this great question full in
the face. Such protection as the nonorable Sen-
ator advocates cannot be had, except from the
enemies of their principles; and it is extremely
doubtful whether such a course as that can ac-
complish the result. The world does move.
Forty years ago the country was young, was
poor; our manufactures were few and feeble; we
wanted capital; we wanted skill; we imposed our
taxes in such manner as greatly promoted our
manufacturing industry. We nursed them; we
built them up, whether wisely or unwisely, the
fact is accomplished; and they will go on in-
creasing and prospering in spite of croakers, in
spite of convulsions, and in spite of tariffs. All
the great branches of our national industry are on
a firm basis; they are daily increasing and gath-
ering strength; they will be subject to fluctua-
tions, to adverse times and prosperous times;
that is the law of human industry, but the result
of it all is still progress. Small men tie them-
selves on to the one or the other of these great
interests, affect to be its peculiar friends for their
own advantage. We have education, skill, ex-
perience, capital, labor, food, and raw materials
lying all around,and millions of active, producing
consumers, and free Government. These are the
imperishable elements of our mateual prosper-
ity. Strike down your custom's duties to-mor-
row, and you will not thereby extinguish your
furnace fires, nor shut up your factories or work-
shops, but they would survive it, and still flour-
ish, perhaps all the better, for standing on in-
dustry rather than fluctuating legislative enact-
ments.
Another pretense for overthrowing the tariff of
1857 is that it failed to bring a sufficient revenue
in the year 1857-58. You have mistaken the rem-
edy. Under the imports of that year it is doubt-
ful whetherany tariff you ever laid would have met
these expenditures. It is absolutely certain, that
neither the act of 1842 nor that of 1846 would
have produced a sufficiency of revenue for that pur-
pose. I have applied with great care the acts of
1842 and 1846 to the dutiable lmporUs of 1857, and
find that the act of 1846 would have brought but
$51,982,796, leaving a deficiency for the year of
over f20,000,000. The same tables show that the
act of 1842 would have provided but #60,679,794.
This, upon the assumption that the high duties
of that act would not in any degree have les-
sened imports, would have left a deficiency of over
$10,000,000. Rut, fairly estimating the reduction
of imports which the very high duties of that act
would have necessarily produced, 1 do not doubt
but the duties under it would not have exceeded
$40,000,000, being a deficit, of over $30,000,000 in
the Treasury. This table conclusively shows
that the highest protective tauff you ever placed
on your statute-book i« inadequate to your wants.
f again repeat, you have mistaken your remedy.
You must retrench. High duties can only assist
our manufactures by shutting out foreign com-
modities and substituting domestic commodities
of all kinds in their stead. This will reduce, and
not increase, the revenue. The system, if success-
ful, finally, and with ccitainty, must drive us to
direct taxation for the suppoit of Government.
Such was the lesult in England; she imposed in-
ternal taxes to compensate for protection. It is
well to consider, on our present basis of expend-
iture, how far we are from that point. 1 there-
fore reject increased taxes as a remedy for present
evils. 1 have shown that retienchmentis not only
possible without injury to the public service, but
easy, necessary, and expedient. The policy of
the Democratic patty is to bringdown the ex-
penses to the revenue. By the misconduct of all
parties, they have been carried beyond the just
wants of the Government. It would be a public
calamity, instead of a public advantage, to keep
them there. Let us, then, retrench; substitute
economy for waste and extravagance; leaye hon-
est toil to the enjoyment of its own fruits; and we
will thus earn the blessings of labor, and the con-
fidence of the country.
GOVERNMENT EXPENDITURES.
SPEECH OF HON. N. ABBOTT,
op maine,
In the House op Representatives,
February 21, 1859.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the state
ofthe Union-
Mr. ABBOTT said:
Mr. Chairman: It is time that the true character
of this Government should be understood by its
constituent parts, and exhibited to the people of the
country for their inspection. It is time that the Gov-
ernment should examine itself, and place the re-
port on the records of the country, so that it can
oe seen and read by all men. Self-examination is
as necessary to the purity and welfare of nations,
as individuals; and, like individuals, they never
stand still. They either advance or retrograde.
In power, in wealth,in morals,and in all the ele-
ments of greatness, they either go forward or
backwards. We read on the pages of history,
from the commencement of the world to the pres-
ent time, accounts of the rise and fali of empires—
their progress and decline; but no description of
a stationary Government has yet been written.
Motion of some kind is an immutable law of their
being. The framers of our free Government sup-
posed it contained all the essential elements of
progress. They risked their fortunes and their
lives to establish it. They held it up to the world
as a model Government—worthy of imitation,
worthy to be adopted by all nations; and so it is,
if humanity is wise enough and pure enough to
live up to its principles.
Sir, let us now examine the moral and polit-
ical condition of our country, and see in what
direction it is drifting. During the brief period
of my connection with this body, the Government
has been frequently charged with profligacy and
corruption. Are these things true ? If they are,
we can have no surer evidence of the decline of
our Government; for profligacy and corruption
invariably precede the downfall of republics.
Now, as perfection is not an attribute of Govern-
ments, any more than of individuals, profligacy
and corruption are relative terms. Hence, I know
of no better way to determine the truth or false-
hood of these charges, than to contrast the pres-
ent with the past; to compare the sentiments,
opinions, and actions of our present rulers, with
the sentiments, opinions, and actions of the rulers
of our country who have preceded them. Before
the comparison can be made, we must first ascer-
tain who our present rulers are. Well, sir, who
are they ? They are not the people; for their voice
is not heeded. They are not the men who nom-
inally stand at the head of affairs; for they are
mere puppets, moved by those who stand behind
them. They are the ultra men of the South,
holding extreme notions on the subject of slavery,
and wholly sectional in then* feelings and designs.
These ultra men rule the Supreme Court of the
United States; they rule the Congress of the na-
tion; they rule the President in the White House;
they rule the caucuses and conventions of the
Democratic party; they rule the Democratic party
itself, in ail its actions; and, through the Demo-
cratic party, they rule the country. The national
Government, and every branch of the national
Government, is as fully and completely under the
control of these few extreme men of the South,
as are the slaves on their plantations.
1 am asked how this is done? Sir, 1 will tell
you how it is done, it is done by sectional or-
ganization, and by sectional action. There are
fifteen slave States in the Union. The few lead-
ers in the slave States manage to excitc the fears
of the people, by telling them frightful stories con-
cerning the wicked purposes of the anti-slavery
men of the free States; and, m that way, they
induce all the slave States to act together as a
unit. All the delegates from the slave States, m
Democratic national conventions, act together.
All the Democratic Senators and Representatives
in Congress from the slave States act together in
their caucuses; and, in their caucuses, they out-
number the Democrats from the free States two
to one. In their caucuses, all party measures are
agreed upon. Hence, the Democrats from the
free States, being in a minority, are entirely in
the power of their southern dictators. They, in
reality, have no voice in the legislation of the
country; and they can have none, unless they bolt
from caucus dictation, and that they dare not do,
because of the severity of the penalties. Dis-
obedience to caucus discipline is political death.
Death,.without the benefit of clergy. Death to
the culprit, and death to all his innocent friends
in office. He is read out of the party. He is
libeled by the Democratic papers at Washington
and at home. His friends holding places of profit,
if he has any such, are suddenly removed; and
tools, who will join in the howl against the poor
sinner, are appointed in their stead. These are
the means by which a few ultra slavery propa-
gandists of the South now rule this country; pre-
scribe its foreign and domestic policy; mold and
direct its institutions; guide its destinies; plot its
ruin.
Having ascertained precisely who the present
rulers of our Government are, let us see whether
or not they are guil'y of profligacy in the admin-
istration of its affairs. That we may do these
men no injustice, let us contrast the annual ex-
penditures of Buchanan's administration with the
annual expenditures of former Administrations.
During the first years of Washington's adminis-
tration, the costs of the national Government were
only forty-eight cents to each inhabitant. The
population of the country wasabout four millions,
and the whole expenditures of the Government
less than two million dollars annually. The costs
of the Government now exceed three dollars to
each inhabitant—more than six times as much as
they were in the days of Washington. The pop-
ulation of the country now is about twenty-five
million, and the Government expenditures about
ninety million dollars. If the Government was
administered now as economically as it was in
1790, $13,000,000 annually would be the extent
of its expenditures; and there would be a yearly
saving to the people of $77,000,000, and a saving
to each head of a family of over twenty dollars
a year. In 1830 and 1831, when General Jackson
was President of the United States, the coats of
the Government amounted annually to one dollar
to each inhabitant. Now they amount to over
thiee dollars to each. Then the annual expend-
itures were only $13,000,000, and the popula-
tion thirteen million; now the expenditures are
$90,000,000, while the population is less than
thirty million. Bring this Government back to
the economy which characterized the administra-
tion of General Jackson, and $60,000,000 would
be saved to the people annually; and over fifteen
dollars would be saved annually to each head of
a family in this country, two dollars to each in-
dividual, and twenty dollars to each man having
a wife and eight children.
Is there any txcuse for this extravagant waste
of the public money, by the men now in power?
Do the people receive any adequate equivalent for
thisenormous tax on theirpockets? Isthe country *
better ruled now than it was during the adminis-
tration of General Jackson? Are life, liberty,
property, and the pursuit of happiness, better se-
cured now tnan then ? No. And the men who now
rule the country, and rob the people of $60,000,000
of their hard earnings annually, dare not assert that
they are. The money is not used for Govern-
ment purposes, but for party purposes, it goes
to pro-slavery partisans, in payment for partisan
labor performed in the service of their leaders.
Sir, I know that the assertion made upon this
floor, that the party now in power squanders
$60,000,000 of tne public money annually, is a
startling assertion; but it is nevertheless suscept-
ible of perfect demonstration, unless you deny the
propriety of Jackson's administration; and that
you cannot, you dare not do.
I do not expect to be able in a single speech,
under the hour rule of this House, to point out
all the leakages in our national Treasury—to show
where every dollar of the $60,000,000 plunder-
money goes. But I do expect to exhibit, from
official reports, facts and figures enough to satisfy
any man that not less than $60,000,000 of the
public money is squandered annually by the party
