1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
191
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Government Expenditures—Mr. Abbott.
Ho. of Reps.
in power, to uphold and sustain its party ascend-
ency. I do not contend that money is taken from
the Treasury for party purposes directly, and
without color of law. No; it is all paid out by
Government agents, under appropriations made
by Congress. But then, the rulers of the Demo-
cratic party control both branches of Congress;
they control the appointing power, and hence,
they make just such appropriations, and have
just such agents to make Government contracts,
and to spend and disburse the money as they
please. And although all the expenditures are
made under the forms of law, yet the slightest
scrutiny discloses a stupendous system of public
plunder.
From 1830 to 1840, the average annual expend-
itures of the Army amounted to$4,000,000. Now,
when we are at peace with all the world, the ex-
penditures exceed $18,000,000. With such a dis-
parity in the expenditures, can it be possible that
the money is honestly expended, that there is no
favoritism in Army contracts? Nopartisans indi-
rectly rewarded for services rendered, or to be
rendered? In 1855, proposals were sent to the
Treasury Department to furnish the granite for
the extension of the Treasury building. Edward
Hawks, of Belfast, Maine, offered to furnish it
for $308,385. If the contract had been given to
him, as it would have been if there had been no
favoritism shown, the Government would have
saved, in that one item, from one to two hundred
thousand dollars. It was given to Messrs. Beals
& Dixon, whose bid, on the face of it, as ap-
pears from the Treasurer's report, was less than
fiawks's, it being, as it there stands,~$243,546.
Hence, on the face of the transaction, the bidders
appear to have been treated fairly, and the public
interest appears to have been secured. But, ac-
cording to the specifications in Beals & Dixon's
bid, they arc to have extras and additions on a
large number of items.
Now, I have been informed, by men who ought
to know, that the drafts upon the Treasury, to
pay for these extras and additions, will be nearly
equal to the bid, as it stands on the face of the
report. Now, sir, I do not know, of my own
knowledge, how this matter is; but I do know
that the transaction bears unmistakable evidence
of a design to cheat the Government for the ben-
efit of somebody. Whether the stealings are to be
shared between the contracting parties, the Gov-
ernment agents, and Messrs. Beals & Dixon, or
for what purpose they are to be applied, will prob-
ably remain forever a Government secret. Bill
after bill, which is adverse to our true interests,
and hostile to the spirit of our free institutions,
such as bills for the increase of the Army and
Navy, bills for the construction of war steamers,
bills for the construction and repair of fortifica-
tions, and the like, are forced through Congress
by men who are looking for Government con-
tracts, dependent on their passage. When such
bills are up, the outside lobby pressure is im-
mense, which is pretty good evidence that Gov-
ernment contracts, under our present rulers, are
tolerably profitable.
Prior to the last session of Congress, appro-
priations had been made, from time to time, for
the erection of a custom-house in New Orleans,
amounting in all to $2,675,000. The original ap-
propriation to build trie house was $100,000, which
sum was amply sufficient for the purpose; and
all that ever would have been asked for, if there
had been no chance for public plunder, under the
cover of Government contracts. Last session,
the Senate passed an appropriation bill,in which
was an item of $350,000, to continue the work on
this custom-house. The House of Representa-
tives, by a pretty decisive vote, struck out that
item. The bill went back to the Senate,and the
Senate put it in again. The bill being again re-
turned to the House, the House again struck out
the obnoxious item. The Senate then asked for
a committee of conference, and the House joined
in a committee. That committee changed the
item to §250,000, and reported in favor of its pas-
sage; and it did pass both branches of Congress,
and was approved by the President. Sir, the per-
tinacity manifested in holding on to that appro-
priation, and in forcing it through Congress,
excited suspicion in my mind that promises
©f magnificent Government contracts had some
little connection with the efforts made; and, sir,
does not the fact that the money is all gone, and
more asked for, tend to prove that my suspicions
were well founded ?
I find a bill upon my desk, reported by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means this session, appro-
priating $250,000 more for continuing the work
on this same New Orleans custom-house; which,
together with the former appropriations, amount
to $3,175,000) which has been squandered to-
wards the erection of a single custom-house. The
whole expenditures of the Government from the
4th March, 1789, to the 1st January, 1792, when
the first statement was made, amounted to only
$1 ,919,589. In 1810, the wholeexpenditures were
only $5,311,082. Thus we find that there has
been drawn from the Treasury, under the pretense
of building a single custom-house, $1,255,411
more than the entire expenditures of the Govern-
ment for nearly three years of Washington's ad-
ministration; and nearly as much as the whole
expenditure of the Government in 1810.
I will notice the impositions and frauds that
have been practiced upon the Treasury, in the
name and under the guise of one other incipient
custom-house structure; and then, I will bid adieu
to the custom-houses, and turn my attention, for a
few moments, to their inmates. An appropriation
was originally made of $30,000, to build a custom-
house^ Charleston, South Carolina. Between the
time when the original appropriation was made
and the close of the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
$1,670,000 in additional appropriations, had been
made, from time to time, towards the completion
of the building. Last session the Senate passed a
bill appropriating $250,000 more to continue the
work. That appropriation was twice voted down
by the House; but was finally passed through,
under a report from a conference committee, re-
ducing the amount $200,000. That money, we are
told, is all gone. The $30,000 is all gone; the
$1,670,000 is ^11 gone; the$200,000 is all gone, and
now we are called upon for more. And, strange to
say, the Committee of Ways and Means have
heeded that call, and have, this session, reported a
bill appropriating $200,000 more to continue the
work, or, more properly speaking, to feed hungry,
and clothe naked Democratic politicians, who rely
on Government patronage, and Government con-
tracts, for subsistence. There are At my contiacts, ;
Navy contracts; contracts for the purchase and !
sale ef public property; contracts for carrying j
the mail, and various otherGovernment contracts, i
which 1 have not time to examine now; and I
which 1 hope may not generally prove as ruinous I
to the Government as the sale of Fort Snelhng, i
by which the Government was swindled out of i
at least $300,000, by the faithlessness or frauds
of its own agents.
Sir, I have no means of telling the exact amount,
yet it is evident that millions of dollars arc squan-
dered annually by retaining in the public service
custom-houseofficers, diplomaticand otheragents
and employes, whose services are not needed. In
1857 the whole amount of revenue collected at
the custom-house in Wilmington, Delaware, was
$2,004; eight custom-house officers were em-
ployed to collect it at a cost to the Government
of $15,848—loss to the Government of $13,344,
over and above the entire revenue collected. At
the custom-house in Annapolis, Maryland, the
same year, there was collected $374; four offi-
cers were employed in its collection at a cost of
$983—loss to the Government of $609. At Oran-
oke, North Carolina, there was collected, same
| year, $82; seven men were employed in its col-
' lection at a cost to the Government of $2,301—
loss to the Government beyond the revenue col-
lected, $2,219. At Poit Oxford, Oregon, same
year, there was collected $5; two men weic em-
ployed m its collection at a cost of $2,703—-loss
to the Government, $2,698. At Montoiey, Cali-
fornia, there was collected, same year, $45; three
men were employed in its collection at a cost of
$7,050—loss to the Government, $7,005.
A Government that creates and continues col-
lection districts, year after year, where there is
comparatively no revenue to collect, for the sole
purpose of giving sinecures to six or eight men
in each district to reward them for party services,
is a Government that a free people will not long
sustain. Seven Government offices, kept under
pav the year round, to collect $82 revenue; three
officers to collect $45; two officers to collect $5,
are curiosities, indeed, in a Government where
the people have retained the sovereign power in
themselves, and pay the Government expenses.
But these are no greater curiosities than some
of the appropriations made for the erection of
buildings m which to collect the revenue. Three
million one hundred and seventy-five thousand
dollars to build a custom-house m New Orleans
is decidedly a curiosity. Two million one hun-
dred thousand dollars to build another in Charles-
ton, South Carolina, is a curiosity worth looking
at by a people who furnish the money by the
sweat of their brows. The great object of a free
Government is exemption from such impositions
—exemption from taxation to support in idleness
and luxury a lazy, privileged class, to poison and
corrupt the social system. There are many other
collection districts in the country, well supplied
with officers, where the whole revenue collected
is not equal to the salaries of the officers appointed
to collect it; but I have not time to refer to them
now in detail.
I have in my mind several smaller leakages,
which help to deplete the Treasury, such as the
$31,000 given to the President annually, in the
shape of perquisites, in addition to his constitu-
tional salary of $25,000, and m violation of the
Constitution; such as the new corps of commis-
sioners of customs, recently appointed, with no
duties to perform, but to visit the collectors in
their several States once a ye<tr,and receive their
salaries of $3,000 each; such as the disbursing
agent at New Orleans, appointed to disburse the
money appropriated to build the custom-house at
that place, at a salary of $6,000 a year, when there
is a superintendent under pay at ten dollars a day,
who can disburse the money just as well as not,
with no additional cost to the Government; such
as keeping four times as many naval officers un-
der pay from year to year as can be employed in
the naval service, rusting out in perfect idleness
upon the dry land.
But, waiving these smaller matters, I desire, sir,
to call your attention, and the attention of the
country, to a stupendous fraud upon the Treas-
ury and upon the people, in the form of appro-
priations made for miscellaneous purposes. Now,
a small appropriation is wanted annually for such
purposes, and only a small appropriation, in
1800, the appropriations for miscellaneous pur-
poses were $193,636; in 1810, $315,783; in 1850,
$1,363,297. In 1857, appropriations for miscel-
laneous purposes were made to the enormous
amount of $18,946,189; and increased a trifle in
1858. Thus we see that this Government now
expends annually, for mere miscellaneous pur-
poses, ten times as much as the whole expendi-
tures of the Government during the first years of
Washington's administration; and $6,000,000
more than the entire expenditures of the Govern-
ment in 1830. Where does this $18,000,000, nay,
almost $19,000,000, appropriated annually for
miscellaneous purposes, go ? Sir, I desire to know
what has become of the $37,000,000 appropriated
the two past years for miscellaneous purposes?
I must know before I will vote for a single appro-
priation containing such items.
Appropriations are specifically made for every
item of expense worth naming. The appropri-
ations for miscellaneous purposes are designed to
cover very trifling outlays that are too small to
be named. Sir, 1 repeat, what becomes of this
vast amount of money thus appropriated annu-
ally? It is all used up. The Government offi-
ceis take it all out of the Treasury. Sir, it is a
part of the Democratic secret-service fund; one of
the mam pillars on which the Democratic party
now stands; the cohesive power which keeps it
from breaking into fragments. With its present
sins unrepented of, and unforgiven, the Demo-
cratic party could not survive a single election, in
any part of the country, if the doors of the na-
tional Treasury were barred against Us felonious
fingers. But bar them you cannot, so long as the
people, by their votes, keep the present rulers in
power; for they have the control of every brunch
of the Grovertfment, and they have learned how
