1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
111
court in the case, but for some reason had not been laid be-
fore the court, whil.-t both the existence of such proofs and
the omission to adduce them before the arbitrator was nec-
essarily unknown to the claimants, nor were these facts
discovered until after the decision of the court"
There is appended to the report some commu-
nications between Mr* Marcy, late Secretary
of State, and the solicitor of the Court of Claims,
givinga listof correspondence that was submitted
to the arbitrator; and from an examination of that
list, the feet appears that a portion of the corre-
spondence was not submitted tothearbitrator,and
in the omitted'.portion was the acknowledgment
to which I have referred.
JNow, then, it results that these claimants, who
at one time had the undivided sympathy of this
co-mmunity, after being sent by the Government
to a referee, and afterwaids to the Court of Claims,
have made the discovery that the Government,
which had, of necessity, the whole possession of
their claim, and of all the proofs, by some neglect
failed to comply with the stipulationsof the tieaty,
in laying before the arbitrator proofs which would
have shown an admission of liability on the part
of the Portuguese Government. That clearly
appears. This is an increment which has been
added to the case by the disclosures that wQre
made iu its progress through the Court of Claims,
and which was not known to the committee, or
before the committee, when it made its former
report; and is an additional reason, in the judg-
ment of the committee, why the claim should be
allowed.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to ask him whether it does not. appear,
in this case, that the claimants applied for leave
to be heard, to argue the question m some form,
either orally or in writing, before the umpire.
Mr. MASON. Tiiatis the fact. I do not know
whether it appears, I presume it does, in the report
made in 1854, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations; but 1 do not know, for I have not ex-
amined, whether that fact was stated in the report.
The fact exists; there is no doubt about that, find
is shown by the correspondence between the claim-
ants and Mr. Webster, Secretary of State. Mr.
Webster was Secretary of State when this refer-
ence was made to French arbitrament, and the
claimants applied for leave to be heard before the
arbitrator by counsel, and it was refused, on the
ground that the convention did not stipulate for
it, and the Government, therefore, took the whole
thing into its hands.
Mr. HALE. If the Senator will allow me, I
should like to ask him a question. The honorable
Senator stated the ground on which the French
arbitrator decided this claim m favor of Portugal
and against us, and lie has also spoken of some
correspondence. The point to which I wish to
call hts attention is, whether the correspondence
that failed to reach the arbitrator, was relative to
the point on which the Senator states that the
arbitrator decided the question ?
Mr. MASON. Unquestionably; the corre-
spondence that was not laid before the arbitrator,
contained by implication an admission by the
Government of Portugal of liability for the claim,
and the ground on which the arbitrator decided
it was that Portugal was not liable, because the
first hostility had come from the brig; so that it -|
was directly relative to it. That factis distinctly |;
stated m the report. The report says;
" It further appear?-that, by some misapprehension, a pait
of this cone*ponderiee, being that which firs-t aiose iu the
] 814-15, and conducted :it Rio <1p Janeno, (where the;
Government ot Poitugal then resided,) was omitted, and in
which the hitt-named Government admitted, by necessaiy
implication, its liability to the claimants."
Then the case, as I understand it, is this: it
was a claim by the American Government against
Portugal to reimbuise a loss sustained by une of j
its citizens, because Portugal submitted to a vio- !
lation of the neutral rights of the American brig
General Armstrong, at'anchor in the port of
FayaL The claim was pressed upon Portugal to
the extent of sending a ship-of-war into the Ta-
gus; and this convention was the result of that
threat. The convention stipulated that the ques- \
tion of the liability of Portugal should be submit- '!
ted to the French arbitrament, and the convention ] |
further stipulated that all the correspondence ,i
which had taken place at Rio Janeiro between , j
the two Governments should be submitted by j|
the respective Governments, with a descriptive
list, to the arbitrator. The Government then
undertook to submit the proofs to the arbitrator.
When the claimants applied to the Government
for permission to be heard before the arbitrator,
the Government of the United States very prop-
erly answered, " we cannot allow that, or ask it-,
because the convention does not stipulate forit.,J
The whole subject was taken out of the hands of
the claimant, and submitted to the French Em-
peror. It now appears that a part of the corre-
spondence, which the Government undertook to
lay before the arbitrator, was not laid before him,
I have no doubt by some omission in comparing
the descriptive list with the correspondence; but
such was the fact; and m that omitted correspond-
ence was this admission.
Mr. Hx\LE. 1 do not propose to argue this
question; but 1 have listened with some interest
to the statement made by the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations; and on that
statement there was a possible view of the case
which might command my vote, and that was
this: if by mistake, or for any other reason, ev-
idence was withheld winch ought to have been
submitted to the arbitrator and which was perti-
nent evidence to the issue upon winch the honor-
able chairman says the arbitrator decided, and
which, if it had been submitted to him, would
havepiobably produced a different result, it might
raise an equitable argument in favor of the claim;
but I read from the report of the committee, made
last year, April 9, 1858, in which the committee
say:
'• It was contended in the argument on the part of the
Government, that, even conceding that Uih last-named coi-
ie<pondenco was not bofoie ih<; uibitrmoi, btiil no injuiy
could have resulted to tlx; claimant-., because .ill the mate-
rial lacis contained in u wrie releired to oi otherwise cited
in so mujh ol the concspondence .is wasoxhibued "
**> <•*#•****
" Nor do the committee moan to f-av that, had that evi
dencc been befoie the com L it would have made a clear
case of demand in law against the Government."
Well, if that bo so, if the committee now think
that if the evidence had been before the arbitra-
tor,it would not have made an obligation in point !
of law against the Portuguese Government, by !
which the arbitrator could have made a difiereni, j
award, it leaves the ease just the same, to my j
mind, as if the evidence had been submitted.
Mr. MASON. The honorable Senator read
the report of the committee; but he read from the
report of the committee citing what was said by
the solicitor on the part of the Govei nment bcfoi e
the Court of Chums It is not the language of
the committee; it is the language of the solicitor.
The report says: " It was contended in the argu-
ment on the part of the Government."
Mr. PfALE. Read the next sentence.
Mr. MASON. The report says:
Tt was contended in the aurument on the part of the
Government, that, even conccdingthai this last-named cor
re>j)tind<'ucf \v:s- not betore the uruninto!, still no injuiy
coufl have iexulted to the claimant-., because all the m ire-
nal facts contained in it u eic icici icd to oi othei wise cited
in so much of the coiiopondenre a* uav exhibited."
That was what the solicitor said. The com-
mittee previously state in the report that in ihe
omitted correspondence there was admitted, by
'necessary implication, the liability of the Por- !
tuguese Government to the claimants; and taking j
the two together, it appears that even if it were ]
conceded, as contended by the solicitor of the <
Court oi Claims, that all the material facts con- j
tamed in the correspondence are referred to— |
" Still the committee are of opinion that the faihneto i
exhibit it. as rcquued by the convention,^ a mattei ot'ju^t j
complaint by the claimants, because, amongst other rca- i
sons, it cannot be known vsh.it mlerences or conclusions ;
might be diawn by the aibitiatfi b> iea*on of its absence." :
My memory is not fresh, of course, for this re- -
port was made nearly twelve months ago; but 1 j
do remember that the solicitor did contend before
the Court of Claims that the claimant was not
prejudiced by the failure to submit the whole cor-
respondence, because he alleged that the mate-
rial facts contained in the correspondence were
refeired to, or otherwise cited, in so much of the
correspondence as was exhibited. That was his
inference. I should take issue with him upon it. j
The claimant had a right to the papers and docu- j
ments themselves, and not to mere references to |
them and constructions placed upon them. There i
is no conflict m the report of the committee. j
Mr. BROWN. 1 hope, Mr. Prudent, that!
the friends of this bill will discuss it as little as *
possible, to the end that we-raay have a vote upon
it. Its friends feel perfectly assured thai there
is a majority of the Senate in its favor- What
the claimant wants is a vote, feeding perfectly
assured that, after a discussion of almost £orty
years, in the State Department&nd abroad, aftd-in
both Houses of Congress, almost every intelli-
gent man, who keeps himself at all advised ort
public affairs, must know something of the-merits
of this claim.
By universal award in the beginning, the action-
out of which this claim, arises was the most bril-
liant action ever fought;and if,*at that day it had
been left to the Ameriean people to say m what
manner Captain Reid should be re warded,-they
would have given him stars and garters, if the-
Constitution had permitted it. For thirty years
every Secretary of State of the United - States
urged this claim as one just against the Gavern-
ment of Portugal. Finally, h was submitted to
arbitrament; and the. French Emperor, to w?hom*
it had been submitted while he was President o£
France, decided it upon grounds which I think-
any lawyer of even tolerable county-court stand-
ing would pronounce utterly disgraceful. Ope of
his grounds was, that Captain Reid was bound
to have called upon Portugal for protection. The
evidence is, that the British fleet hove in sight at
sundown, which, in that latitude, in October*
when the action was fought, would be between
five and a half and six o'clock, and then, that
they were alongside in their boatsateighto'ciock.
What time had he to go and ask protection of the
Portuguese Government? If he had gone; if he
had left the deck of his ship to go and search for
theoivil protectionof the Portuguese Government,
and had come back, as he doubtless would, to
have found his ship captured, what would all
America have said? " You basely deserted the
post of honor, and you have no claim to the pro-
tection of your Government. If you had stood
upon deck and fought like a man, we would have
defended you; but, like a craven, you left the deck
of your ship, and went to seek protection where
protection was not to be had."
Tlmt is one of the grounds of the Emperor's
decision; and then he chargcs that Captain Reid
fired first. Suppose he did. The proof«is that
he fired when he had three times warned the men-
acing party not to attempt to board the ship.
When they showed an evident determination to
come on board his ship to capture it, if possible,
without resistance, he fired. Then the Emperor
assumes a state of facts not sustained by the evi-
dence in the case—that there was no proof of the
lUitish boat being armed. The proof is, that the
men on the British boat killed at least two of the
men on board the Armstrong. If they were not
armed, it is very queer (hat they fired with such
fatal effect as to produce execution.
Sir, the only point behind which the Govern-
ment, after thuty years of negotiation, can pro-
tect themselves from responsibility, is, that they
submitted this case to arbitration; and if the ar-
bitrament went off on points not sustained by
law, it was the duty of the Government promptly
to have protested against it; to have said to the
Emperor, " We will not accept the award, first,
because you base it upon facts not sustained, by
the iccord, and upon conclusions not well founded
in law;" and to have set the whole arbitrament
aside, and gone back again upon Portugal; but
the Government accepted the award; we accepted
it as binding upon us. At that point Captain
Reid comes in and says, "You have submitted
my case without my consent; and the award hav-
ing been made against the facts, and against the
law of the case, 1 appeal to my own Government
to do me justice." 1 will do him justice, sir. This
claimant has been either befoie the Departments,
or before Congress, for more than a quarter of a
century, urging ins claim. His eye has grown
dim, Ins hair has grown gray, but his body has
not been bowed down, because he is every inch
a man and a soldier. Tiie hardships and injustice
of his Government have neither broken his spirit
nor bowed down his manly form. The time has
come to act; act *n the spirit ol generosity, liber-
ality, magnanimity, manliness; act to-day m the
Senate as Captain Reid acted iu the port of Fayal;
act like men. If you have done \vi ong to this man,
the day and the hour have come to it-pair it. JN'o
man ever deserved bolter of his Government; s,ud
