102
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Government Expenditures—Mr. Abbott.
Ho. of Reps.
to open the Treasury with false keys, yet under
the color of law. When Buchanan was inau-
gurated, less than two years ago, there was a sur-
plus in the Treasury of $24,000,000. All that is
gone; all the revenue of the country, amounting
to $50,000,000annually, is gone; the Government
has incurred a debt of $40,000,000; and now it is
crying for more, more. The national Treasury
has become a perfect sieve. Money, to any
amount, may flow in, but it escapes instantly.
It has a waste-way at every point, a leech at every
pore. These leeches suck from every farmer and
mechanic in the country, in the shape of duties
on articles of daily consumption, from fifteen to
twenty dollars annually, which is more than the
whole amount of their town, county, and State
tax. Sir, X am for choking off these leeches,
great and small; for barring oat of the Treasury
the thieves who rob it by fraudulent contracts;
for setting adrift the pensioners of party, who
deplete it by the receipt of salaries without ser-
vice, and who forage on the public money, and
corrupt the public morals. Such is my remedy
for an exhausted Treasury. Wc want no more
revenue. We have enough now. We want no
increase of the tariff. The tariff is lugh enough
now. What we want is, reform in the Govern-
ment abuses—honest men to manage our national
affairs. And we will have them. Yes, we will
have them.
Sir, I desire now to ask you, and to ask the
people of this country, if the charge of profligacy
irf not made out against our piesent rulers? 1 de-
sire to ask if it is not apparent, that this Govern-
ment might he udr^Miistcrcd as cheaply now, in
proportion to its population, as it was during
Geneuil Jackson's administration? 1 desire to ask
if 000,000 of the public money is not squan-
dered auuimiiy to prop up a falling dynasty ? I
desire to ask, if every head of a family, through-
out tin: length and breadth of thisUnion, docs not
have to contribute from fifteen to twenty dollars
annually, towards the money thus squandered?
And I desire to ask the people how long tiiey mean
to submit to such rule ?' How long they mean to
give their votes for such rulers?
Sir, 1 will now turn from the consideration of
the profligacy of our present rulers, to the charge
of corruption made against them. And here,
again, that 1 may mete out exact justice to them,
1 will contrast then sentiments, opinions, and
acts, with the sentiments, opinions, and acts, of
the early fathers of the Republic. This 1 need
notdo to make good the chaige of corruption; for
the fact that piofbgacyis proved, to the fullest
extent, is sufficient evidence of corruption, j'tof-
hgacy, in the administration of public affairs,
is con option. But 1 will proceed to contiast
the opinions and acts of the old with the present
rulcis.
Washington, the lather of his country, nnd the
first Piesjueni, regained slavery as un evil, nnd
expressed a hope that u it would soon be abol-
ished in tiie Slates."
Buchanan, the present President, during the last
session of Congress, used the whole power and
patronage of Ins official position to give slavery
the preeminence over j'leedoni. By his favoiite
JLecompton bill, Kansas was urged to step into
the Union with slavery, but denied admission
wiinout slavery; thus discriminating in favor of
slavery and against fieedom.
The Declaration ofindependcnce enunciates the
precious truths that "all men are created equal,
and endowed with certain inalienable lights,
among which are life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness.The majority of the judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States have recently
decided that " negroes have no rights that white
men are bound to respect." Thus denying all
rights to a whole class of men.
Tn 17d7, the old Confederation passed an ordi-
nance excluding slavery forever from the North-
western tcniiorjes, because of its blighting in-
fluence upon the energies of our new country. In
1858, the ^Democratic party in Congress, backed by
the Executive head ot the nation, labored six long
months m the inglorious attempt to plant and
peipetuate the cursed system on the virgin sod of
Kansas".
The Supreme Court of the United States, in the
case of Prigg vs. the State of Pennsylvania, de-
cided that—
" The state of slavery is deemed to be a mere municipal
regulation, founded upon, and limited by, local law,"
Chief Justice Marshall, in delivering the opin-
ion of the Supreme Court, in 1810, in the case of
Sere vs. Pitot, said:
" The power of governing and legislating for a Tcnitory is
the inevitable consequence of the right to acqune and hold
territory. Could this position be contested? The Constitu-
tion declares that Congress shall have power to dispose of
and make all needfui luics and regulations respecting the
teiritoiy, or other property belonging to the United States.
Accordingly, we find Congiess possessing and exercising
the absolute and undisputed power of governing and legis-
lating for the Territory of Orleans."
In 1823 the same court held, in the case of
ConU-e vs. the American Insurance Company,
that—
"The right to govern maybe the inevitable consequence
of the right to acquire territory. Whichever may be the
souico whence thin power may be denved, the possession
of it is unquestioned."
The same court, having lost its conscience and
forgotten its former decisions, or become the tool
of slavery propagandists, has reversed its former
decisions, and now holds that—
'• fcl.iveiy exists in all of the Territories of the Union
undei the Fedeial Constitution, and that CongrebS has uo
right to legislate it out."
In 1847, President Buchanan wrote a letter to
the Democracy of Berks county, Pennsylvania,
asserting the power of Congress over the Terri-
tories. I read from it:
<kAfter TiOm-mna was acquired from Fiance, and when the
State of Mi-=somi was about to be admitted into the Union,
the Missouri question aro-^o, and. jn its piogiocs, thieatened
the di^ohuion of the Union. This was settled by the men
ot the he-t geneiation in a f.pint oi mutual concession Un-
der the Missouri compromise, shivery was tuievei prohib-
ited noith of :if)° 30'. Congress, in the admission of Texas,
adopted that rule; and, in my opinion, the harmony ot the
States, amt even the secuiuy of the IJiuon itself, lequnes
thai the Inn.- oi the Mit-i-oimoomptotnKe should be extended
to any new territory wlmdi we may acquire tiom Mexico.
Such has been my individual opinion, openly and fieely ex-
))K" .- ed ever since the commencement of the ptu&ont un-
lorumiite agitation ; and, oi all places in the, world. 1 piefer
to put them on record before the nieoii tijilibic Dejjioeiacy
oi old fJerks 1 theiefore beg leave tn i>0W you the loliow-
irj*r rifiituiifnt: The Mi-nouii compromise—]{«, adoption, in
saved the Union hom tiueatened convulsion; Us ex-
tension, in io any new temloiy which we may ac-
qune, will beeuie the like happy result*.
In this letter, Buchanan, before he became
merged in the Cincinnati platform, and when he
spoke as a man, fiom the promptings of-a living
soul, iterated and reiterated the power and the
necessity of Congress excluding slavery from
the Territories north of the compromise line.
Now, speaking from the belly of the Cincinnati
platform, he asserts that—
" Klavei v exists in Kansas us fully as in Georgia or South
Caiolma ** slaveiy exists in Kaunas under the Constitu-
tion oi the United Slates. This point hagent last been
tinally decided by the highest tribunal knowrrto our laws.
How it could evei have been bCtiouslv doubted id a mys-
teiy."
What P>uehanun saw, as clcaras sunlight, when
he was a man, is now a perfect mystery. Human
rights, things obviously necessary to the peace of
the Union, truths which nobody everdoubted be-
fore, when viewed through the du.rk lens of the
Cincinnati piatfonn, are wholly obscuied from
his vision, or seen only to be perverted.
In Ir^O, Congress passed an act declaring the
Afucan slave trade piracy; aJlixed the death pen-
alty for us violation; and all sections of the coun-
try admitted it to be eminently just and proper.
This session wf Congress forty-two members of
the House voted agamst a resolution, indicating
that they were in favor of the revival of the trade.
In Congress, by the passage of the Mis-
souri compromise act, inhibited slavery north of
36° 30', thereby proclaiming to the country, and
to the world, that, in their opinion, slavery was
an evil.
In 3851, Congress repealed that most meri-
torious act, and thereby contradicted its former
opinion.
3ud e Summers, of Virginia, said in a speech
in 183"h
" A slave population piodoees the mostpernicious effects
upon the iiMiuieio, habit-, and character ot tnu-.e among
whom ii e\i-t- ''
j Mr. Gartui:ll, of Georgia, m a speech de-
. livered on this floor, last session, said:
i <• j lepeat. therefore, when I am asked if any statesman
can maintain that the right of propeity in African slaves is
as sound as any other right of pioperty.I reply yes! a thou-
sand times yes! It is conseciated by reason; it is conse-
crated by our experience, because it has been the touuda-
tion of a highly refined culture, of the richest and most po-
tent industiy of a poweifulempne,and a rational, a stable,
and a noble freedom for the white race in our southern
States.5'
John Randolph, on the floor of Congress, when
speaking of slavery, said:
"Whore are the ttophies of this infernal traffic—the
handcuff, the manacles, the blood-stained cowhide ? What
man is worse received m society toi being a hard master ?
Who denies the hand of sister or daughter to s>uch mon-
sters ?"
On the same floor of Congress, William Smith,
of Virginia, has recently said:
" I believe that the institution of slavery is a noble one;
that it is necessary for the good, the well-being, of the negro
race. Looking to history, 1 go timber, and sav,m the pres-
ence of this assembly, and under the imposing circum-
stances surrounding me, that 1 believe it is God's institu-
tion."
Mr. Faulkner, a distinguished leader in the
Democratic party, and now a member of this
House, in a speech delivered m the Virginia Le-
gislative in 1832, uttered sentiments, which, if
uttered now, would excommunicate him from the
Democratic fold as a fanatic, and a traitor to his
party. I will quote his exact language:
" Slavery, it is admitted, is an evil. It is an institution
which pi esses heavdv against the be-?t interests of the State.
It banishes free while l.ioor; it exterminates the mechanic,
the artisan, the mnnnfactuier; it deprives them of occu-
pation ; it deprives them of btcad; it converts the energies
of a community into indolence, its power into imbecility,
its efficiency into weaknef-t. Sir, being thu^ injurious, have
we not a ua!it to demand its extermination ? Shall society
suffer, that the slaveholder may continue to gather his crop
ot' human ficvh ? Vv'h.u i  his mere pecuniary claim, eoni-
pared with the great interests of the common weal ? Must
the countiy langui-h, (hoop, die, thai the slaveholder may
llourit.h ? Shall all interests be subservient to one—all rights
snhoidniate to tno-e oi the tluvcholder ? Has not the me-
chanic, have not the middle classes, their rights—rights in-
compatible with the existence of slavery
Noble sentiments these, and nobly spoken ! All
honor to the head and the heart of Mr. Faulk-
nkr, in 1832. Would to God that such senti-
ments pei vaded the hearts of our rulers now. But
to show the deplorable and almost infinite de-
clension, I will quote from Senator Hammond's
speech delivered in the other wing of the Capitol
last session:
In all social systems there must be a cla<s to do the
menial duties, to perform the drudgery of life. That is, a
elass reipurmg but a low oider of intellect, and but little
skill, its re(jm-ites aie vigor, docility, fuh hty. Such a
class you munt have, or j ou would not have that other cla&s
winch lead* pi ogress, civilization, and refinement. It con-
stitutes the very mud—iils ot'society ami ot political govern-
ment; and you might as well attempt to build a house m
the air a& to build euiier the one or Uic other, except on this
mud-sill."
Here is a full and perfect denial, by one of the
chief rulers of our Republic, of the capacity of
man for self-government. The great mass of the
people must forever remain " mud-sills" for so-
ciety to rest upon. Progress, refinement, civili-
zation, ail depend on a social system, which di-
vides the people into two distinct classes,-" mud-
sills " ami gentlemen. What a commentary on
the degeneracy of our rulers! What a libel on
our free institutions ! What an insult to the in-
telligent masses of our American citizens!
Jefferson denounced the whole commerce be-
tween master and slave as a continual exercise of
the most unremitting despotism on the one hand,
and degiading submission on the other; and, in
hiy .Notes on Virginia, he emphatically asks:
t! Wall what execration should the Mute-iu.ui be imdi'd
who. pi rmittmg one half of the eiuzcus thus to trample on
the lights ot' the othei, trnnftorm tho>e into despots and
the-se into enemies ; destroys the morals ot the one pan and
the aihur jwti icl of the othei ? Can the libeihe-: of a nation
be thought vecuic vvheu we have lemoved their onh film
biiKis—a'conviction, m the minds of the people, that the-e
liberties aie the gut of God ; that ih *y ate not violated but
by his wrath? Indeed. I tieinUe for my country when I
relleci that God i* ju^t, and that Ills justice cannot sleep
forever.*5
Jefferson looked upon statesmen, who simply
permitted slavery to exist, as deserving the exe-
cration of their fellow-men. He trembled for his
country because they uimplv permitted it. What,
then, must be the feelings of men of Jefft icon's
type at the present time, when the er^at Demo-
cratic party, holding the Government of the coun-
try in its hands, and every branch of the Govern-
ment, asserts and maintains that slavery is a
Heavenly blessing; that the right of property
