1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
to be pressed against Portugal. Mr. Monroe took
it up; and John Q,uincy Adams, Mr. Monroe's
Secretary of State, in a letter to the Portuguese
minister at Washington, the Chevalier Correa de
Serra, on the 14th of March, ]818, calling his
particular attention to this claftn, said;
" Of thf  facts in this case th^re is, and can be, no ques-
tion, having been ascertained not only by the statements of
the injured paities, but by the official reports of your own
commanding officer. Tt is hoped your Government will,
without fuuher Ueidy, grant to the sufferers by that trans-
action the full indemnity to which they are, by the law of
nations, entitled."
Then, according to the Senator, Mr. Monroe
was wrong, and so was Mr. John Q,uincy Adams,
his Secretary. Again-, on the 14th of April, 1840,
Mr. John Forsyth, Secretary of State under Mr.
Van Buren,in reply to the claimants, said that—
" Mr. Cavanagh's instructions (United States charge at
Lisbon) require him to urge the call upon Foitugal, when-
ever there is room for expecting a favorable result."
During Mr. Tyler's administration, Mr. Web-
ster, at the solicitation of the claimants, renewed
this demand, and a reply in writing was received
from the Portuguese minister, Senor de Castro.
In this communication, dated 3d August, 1843,
addressed to Mr. G. W. Barrow, charge d "affaires
of the United States at Lisbon, the liability of i
Portugal was, for the first time, denied. !
Under General Taylor's administration, Mr. !
James B. Clay, who succeeded Mr. Hopkins,
continued the negotiation, and in his letter of 24th
April, 1850, peremptorily refused to accept the
proposition of Count Tojal to refer the case of j
the Geneial Armstrong to the arbitration of a
third power. In the final instructions sent to Mr.
Clay by the Department of State, dated March 8,
1850, a peremptory demand was made on the Por-
tuguese Government, and twenty days allowed
for a final reply. These instructions were sent to
the commander of the American squadron in the !
Mediterranean, to be delivered to Mr. Clay, and
the demand was backed by the presence of the
American fleet in the river Tagus.
As I have said, the convention by which they
finally did refer it, was the result of that move-
ment. 1 submit, then, to the honorable Senator,
that the demand, if there be a demand at all, was
against Portugal; not in any sense against Eng-
land. Who ever heard of rights between bellig-
erents ? We had just as much a right to demand
from the British Government compensation for a
public ship destroyed upon the ocean, as we had
a right to demand ofthe British Government com-
pensation, by any pt inciple of international law,
for this ship destroyed in a neutral port. The
demand was made on Poitugal, who was bound
by the Jaw of nations, to give protection to neu-
trals; and if ?he tailed to give the protection, then
to make an adequate reimbursement.
The houoiable Senator says fuithtr, that tins
brig General Aimstrong was under the promo-
tion of the Portuguese Government; that she
sought protection of a Government too weak to ex-
tend protection; and thai it is now in bad faith, 1
and in bad taste, to urge a demand forindemmty,
because the party was too weak to'afford protec-
tion. I know not where the honorable Senator
got his information that the brig sought protec-
tion in the port of Fayal. She was a cruiser on .
the high seas, under the flag of her country and the
commission her country, waging war against
the enemy of her country, Great Britain; and she ,
was lying in the port of Fayal, where she went 1
in, and had a light to go,as a neutral, for supplies
of wood and water: and had been there but a short j
time when this British squadron accidently ap- \
peared offthe harbor, hdoes notmakc the slightest \
difference in the world, whether she wentm there
for protection or not; when she got there, if any
rcspect is to be paid to the obligations of interna-
tional law, she was entitled to protection, just as
much as if she had been found theie by accident
when a Bntioh squadron arrived.
Now, the honorable Senator says, and may say
very trtily, that the Portugese Government was
unable to protect her. 1 say the Portugese Gov-
ernment was unable to protect her against the
power of Great Britain, but wife not unable to
protect her against the squadron present. There
was a fortification there, and there were guns
there. There is no such issue raised, I would
say to the honorable Senator, whether she could
do it, or could not do it. I do not know whether
she could or not; but I know the papers show
that the American brig was lying there under the
arms of the fort. I know-that the papers show
that the American consul went to the Governor
and demanded protection, and according to my
recollection—but, as I said, it is sometime since I
looked at the papers—the Governor promised to
extend it; but, be all that as it may, there has
been no issue raised in this whole question be-
tween the United States and Portugal, whether
she was able to give the protection or not. Por-
tugal never raised it. The United States would
not have admitted it, and could not have admitted
it if she had raised it. We placed the demand
solely upon the obligation of the law of nations
to protect the neutral, or to indemnify her in the
absence of it.
Now, sir, I submit to the honorable Senator
from Georgia, that the claim was against Portu-
gal, and Portugal only; that if the United States
had presented it to Great Britain, she would have
been laughed at, unless Great Britain exhibited
what that Government very seldom exhibits, a
degree of chivalrous honor in paying an obliga-
tion of honor for which she was not at all bound
in law. 1 regret the time that I have taken up in
the Senate; but I have deemed it my duty to de-
fend the report of the Committee on Foreign Re-
lations on this new issue raised by the Senator
from Georgia.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have but a very few words
to say m reply to the Senator from Virginia; and
1 will commence where he left off. He said this
Government would have been laughed at if she
had presented this claim against England; and he
has repeated several times, "who ever heard of
rights among belligerents?" Well, I have; and I
never lead a publicist who did not treat of it.
Rights among belligerents ! Why, sir, it is one
of the most important and universally-treated
questions m the law of nations. 1 have laid down
the law of belligerents precisely as n is laid down
by Grotius, by Puffendorf, by Wheaton, and by
all the publicists that have ever come under my
knowledge. They say the object of war is to get
indemnity for the original injury, and the cost of
its maintenance; and this was one of the costs. I
stated that when I was up before, in making a
treaty of peace, the injured party may insist upon
payment for every public ship,for evoiy paiticle
of property destroyed upon the high seas, for
every injury done, it is a legitimate and lawful
object of war; and a person who never heard of
the rights of belligerents, I think never heard much
of the laws of nations. It is a most astounding
thing that our chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Relations never heard of the rights of bellig-
erents, never heard of the public law as-laid down
by all the publicists, that the entire object, and sole
object, the only honest and legitimate object of
war, is precisely whatl announced it to be; but
the chairman ofthe Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions of the Senate never heard of such a thing.
Very well; we will not discuss that point further.
Mr. MASON. You had better not.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think ho had better read it;
1 commend linn to enlarge hi%reading, if lie has
never heard of the rights of belligerents.
Then, on the other point, 1 do not deny that
you can find m some of the publicists, especially
some of the older ones, that they hold the obli-
gations of neutials to be to prevent, not only on
their own account, but on account of others, the
invasion of their shores, and the destruction of
property on neutial ground. T said Portugal had
a perfect right to go to war for it, and it was her
duty to do so; bat it was a duty subordinate to
her safety. Does any man deny that this duty
of Portugal \va& subordinate to her safety ? Being
a weak and feeble power, unable to go to war
with Groat. Biitain to get this light, it was unjust
and inequitable in a great Power like the United
Stales to cast such a burden on her; and 1 can
appeal to the magnanimity and justice of every
right-thinking man on earth, if the sentiment does
not find a response? Here were two belligerents
atXvar; and one of them a powerful nation, far
superior in physical power to Portugal, who could
annihilate her, violates her rights of neutrality,
and she is unable to protect us m her ports. We
abandon our adversary with whom we are at war,
do not make the demand which the law of na-
tions authorizes us to demand at the treaty of
Ghent, but turn on our feeble neighbor. Sir, I
should feel the tinge of shame on my cheek, if I
could sanction such a thing. ' - : -
The Senator from Virginia has given us the
names of several Presidents who urged'this claim.
Perhaps Mr. Madison, and Mr. Monroe, and Gen-
eral Taylor, never read anything about'it, and
never looked into the international law on the
subject. When persons present claims against
foreign Governments, they are submittedthrotigh
our ministers*and probably that was done by all
these Presidents. I have never seen the principle
you put it on. I have never seen anything to
show that Mr. Madison gave any opinion that
under the law of nations Portugal was liable for
this payment. I have never seen that Mr. Mon-
roe said so. I did meet the argument of a former
Secretary of State, Mr. Clayton, on that point;
and I spoke of it then, as I do now, in terms of
the utmost condemnation, to his own face in the
Senate, when this question was up some four
years ago. '•
I say that Portugal Had cause of war agairist
England for this act, and that you can find au-
thority for the assertion that it was her duty to
protect us; but at the same time that duty was su b-
ordmateto her own safety; and it was very hard
and unjust in a great nation like this, not getting
redress for this wrong from our own" enemy, to
exact it from a weak and feeble Power likfe Por1
tugal. A similar occurrence may happen any day
to our ships in the Central American States.
Those States are feeble; they have not the power
to protect our vessels in their harbors against a
British fleet. Are wc to hold them responsible?
Last summer, when the British cruisers near Cuba
committed outrages on our flag, we armed our
vessejs, and sent them out for satisfaction; but
we d-d not look to Cuba for it; we did not look
to Spain for redress and protection; our object
was, and such is the spirit of the law of nations,
to right our own wrongs, and to light them on
the aggressor. England was the aggressor.and by
the laws of war she had no right to do this in a
neutral poit. Therefore, I say, it was an addi-
tional cause of war, an additional wrong, which
might legitimately have been put into the treaty
of peace, and which we could have put there if
we had been strong enough to enforce our rights
on the basis on which all the publicists put them,
and that is, satisfaction for the original wrong
and all the injuries sustained in its enforcement.
This I take to be the sound and universally-ac-
knowleged principle of public law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Georgia has anticipated the points
which, if nobody else had taken,! designed to
present in reference to this matter, because 1 took
part m this debate, which was one that was ac-
companied with considerable interest some years
ago when ihe bill was up, and my opinions were
then formed very definitely with regard to the
nature of the claim. At that time I came to the
conclusion—and I have not since changed the
opinions I then formed, in the slightest degree—
with the Senator from Georgia, that there never
was the shghte&tground in public law for a claim
by our Government against Portugal for this oc-
curence, which took piace m the harborof Fayal;
and having come to that conclusion, all the rea-
soning which has been expended upon the case
since with reference to other points, and which
seem to concede that, of course have no effect
upon my mind. I looked into the subject on the
occasion to which I have alluded, and considered
the question of national law very carefully, and I
could come to no other conclusion. The princi-
ple is, undoubtedly, that a belligerent has the
right to fight his enemy wherever he finds that
enemy, as between the two belligerents. If two
nations are at war, so far as the right of one
against the other is concerned, they may fight
anywhere, on neutial temtory as well as else-
where; and I hardly agree with the Senator from
Georgia—if I understand him—in the idea that
we should haveanyadditional claim against Eng-
land from the mere fact that this took place in
neutral territory.
Mr. TOOMBS. No; but she took the ship.
Wc had a right to value the ship.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then we agree that, so
far as belligerents are concerned, they may fight
anywhere.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But, so far as a neutral
