1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
35th Cong....2d Sess. European and North American Railway—Mr. Foster.
Ho. op Reps:
in slaves is before and higher than any constitu-
tional sanction, and as inviolable as the right of
the owner of any property whatever?"
What a contrast between the sentiments, opin-
ions, and acts of the early and the present rulers
of our country ! Black ana white, light and dark-
ness, truth and falsehood, are no wider apart.
The former recognize the great principles of hu-
man rights and human equality, written, by God
himself, in the constitution of every man. The
latter deny the existence of any such principles,
and assert that the inequalities of men are so great
that one class " has no rights whatever that ano-
ther class is bound to rpspect."
From the birth of our Republic, and even before
its birth, when the States were separate colonies,
down to 1854, slavery, South and .North, was
regarded by all men as a great moral, social, and
political evil. Then, all at once, the South became
pregnant with, and quickly gave birth to, a new
idea; Slavery was suddenly transformed from an
evil to a " heavenly blessing*," an institution or-
dained by God himself, for the good of the black
man as well as the white. Congress took the new
idea to its bosom; gn\ e it perfect freedom of ex-
pansion by the abrogation of all restrictions to its
spread; the Supreme Court adopted it, reversed
its former decisions against it, nursed it, and
clothed it with the gorgeous robes of its judicial
ermine; the President embraced it, fondled it in
his lap, made it his pet child, and, before it was
two years old, baptized it j n the blood of free Kan-
sas. But no adoption, no dress, no baptism, can
ever make it anything than the chief curse of the
nation; the abhorrence of men and of angels; the
abhorrence of natuie and of God; the abhorrence
of all intelligence throughout the universe, except
the invisible demons ot wrath.
I might multiply the comparisons indefinitely,
tending to show the moral and political degener-
acy of the rulers of our country; but 1 will close
by comparing the Constitution of the United
States with the constitution of Oregon. The
former wns sanctioned by the great and good men
of the Republic, who placed their lives, their for-
tunes, and their sacred honor, on the altar of uni-
versal liberty. Thelutterhasjust been sanctioned
by the men now in authority, who have turned
thisGovernmentinto a great work-shop,in which
to forge chains and manacles for down-trodden
humanity; and who deny, not only liberty, but
life even, to a whole race of their fellow-men. A
man now, who loves liberty, una believes in a
righteous retribution, may well exclaim, " I trem-
ble for my country, when I reflect that God is
just, and that His justice cannot sleep forever."
The Constitution of the United Slates declares
that it was adopted " to establish justice, and se-
cure the blessings of liberty;" "that no mq.n
should be deprived of life, liberty, or property,
but by due process of law;" that "the citizens
ot each State shall be entitled to all the privileges
and immunities of citizens in the several States."
The constitution of Oregon contains a section
which provides that—
No fiee negro or mulatto, not residing in the State at
tin; tune of the adoptionof tins constitution, tdiall ever coinc,
reside, oi be, within this Slate, oi hold any leal estate, or
make any conn act, oi maintain any suit therein ; and the
Legislative Assembly shall provide by penal law." loi the le-
nioval, by public officers, of ail tucli lice negioeS and mu-
lattos, and fot then eftceuial exclusion liom theState,and
foi tiic punishment of pt isons who shall bring them into the
Slate, or employ or haibor them thoiem.'*
It will be seen at a glance that this provision of
the Oregon constitution is, in several particulars,
repugnant to theConstitution of the United States;
repugna nf inasmuch as it denies ail right to "jus-
tice," through the courts of law, to a certain class
of individuals, leaving their persons and then-
property at the mercy of any abandoned scoun-
drel who may choose to violate them; repugnant
to the Constitution, inasmuch as the colored citi-
zens of the free States are not permitted to enjoy
the same " privileges and immunities" which are
allowed to the citizens of Oregon; but, if they go
to Oregon on business, or are driven into an
Oregon port by stress of weather, are to be seized
as animals, treated as animals, robbed, maimed,
and killed, if any ruffian pleases to kill them, with
no redress whatever—the doors of justice being
completely barred against them; repugnant to the
Constitution inasmuch as it denies the right to
New Series.—No. 13.
live, reside, or be, in the land of one's birth—sub-
jecting the tender infants of negroes and mulattoes,
born in the State after the adoption of the consti-
tution, to be torn from their mothers' arms, (for
no crime of their own, or their parents, or any
other being, but God himself, for making them
black,) and banished no one'knows where; forif
the rest of the world should be as barbarous and
inhuman as Oregon, and enact similar laws, these
new-born infants would be left with no resting-
place on earth; no refuge but in death; and no
grave even in death.
Sir, F defy the ingenuity of men or devils to
concentrate, in the same space, more refined and
consummate barbarity than is condensed and in-
corporated into the negro clause of the Oregon
constitution. Yet the Democratic "members of
our American Congress, in the nineteenth ccn-
tury, at noon-day, with the gaze of the civilized
world upon them, refused to permit it to be
stricken out; and, after they had passed the bill,
proceeded to the White House, keeping step to
the music of Hail Columbia, for the purpose of
receiving the congratulations of the President; and
they received them (with shame be it said) from
a window in the presidential mansion of a free
people. For them there is no excuse. Better be
a dog, under the control of the imps of darkness,
than under the control of men who delight to tri-
umph in such monstrous inhumanity. To refuse
to strike out such a provision—to rejoice over its
adoption because it deprives fiee colored people
of all rights, simply because they are colored, is
strange indeed. Why triumph overa poor, weak,
and harmless people, merely because they are
black? Why abuse them for no fault of theirs?
Did not the same God make both you and them ?
Did not the same God that gave you your color
give them their color also? Go, then, if you do
not like their color, and blame God, not them.
Say to Him, " Your works are not the works of
wisdom."
1 lepeat, for the Democracy there is no excuse.
But for the Republicans who voted for the admis-
sion of Oregon, there is an excuse. They tried
to get the obnoxious section out of the bill, and
when they found they could not, they concluded
to vote for it, for the purpose of relieving the peo-
ple of Oregon from Federal control and Federal
corruption, hoping that, when so relieved, they
might expunge the hateful section from then-con-
stitution. But, sir, I think the excuse hardly suf-
ficient to justify the act. Better never do wrong
that good may come of it. As to myself, 1 may
do many things that I ought not; I may leave
many things undo no that I ought to do; but wliilst
the blood of a freeman courses through my veins;
whilst I have a brain to think, or a heart to feel;
whilst a righteous God permits me to walk upon
this fair earth, and breathe the pure air of heaven,
which are His free gifts to all men, without dis-
tinction of condition, race, or color, I will never
sanction, or seem to sriiction, by my vote, such
monstrous injustice and barbarity as are embodied
in the Oregon constitution. You may go back
to the earliest monuments of the human rac^; you
may delve into the archives of the darkest days
of antiquity; you may search the journals of bar-
barians and pirates, and bring to light their black-
est records of infamy, and you will find nothing
in them more infamous and inhuman than the
negio section of the Oiegon constitution. To pun-
ish innocent men by law; to shut the courts of
justice against them; to deprive them of the right
to nurtmc their cinldien, by penal enactments; to
deny them the righ t to live, or be, on the soil that
God gave, to man, exhibits a degree of wicked-
ness never surpassed by the rulers of any people,
in the annals of the world.
When the stronger and more intelligent race
in this country shall deny all rights to the weaker
race—shut the courts of justice to their cries for
protection against robbery, murder, and the vio-
lation of female purity—they will have reached
the lowest depths of moral and political degrada-
tion. But I thank Him who made the black man
as well as the white; who directs the destinies of
men and of nations according to His own good
pleasure, that He has not permitted the popular
heart of this mighty empire to keep pace, in
moral and political declension, with the moral
and political declension of its rulers.
EUROPEAN AND NORTH AMERICAN
SPEECH OP HON. S. G. FOSTER,
. Of MAINE, ' .
In the House-op Representatives, " ; -
February 21, 1859- , ~.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on tlje
state of the Union— ,
Mr. FOSTER said:
Mr. Chairman: I had the honor, some Wfefclcs
a^o, to present the following resolution to* the'
House, and to ask its acceptance by unanimous
consent. Objection was made; and I therefore
avail myself of this occasion, in the Committee of
the Whole, to set forth the reasons which induced
me to offer it. It reads as follows: - -
" Rcwli'cdy That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Road-* be directed to inquire into the expediency of au-
thorizing the Postmaster General to contract with any com-
pany or companies for the railroad transportation of the
inailts to and from Europe, fiom the city of Bangor, in the
State of Maine, to the city of Halifax, in the BtitWn prov-
ince of Nova Scotia, for a term not f xceedtng twenty years
atter the hue of railroad between the two point? shall be
completed, upon receiving; satisfactory ee.curity that such
line shall he completed within six years; with leave to
report by hill or otherwise."
Every one in the least acquainted with the phys-*
ical geography of the American continent ra\ist
be aware that the British province of Nova Scotia
lies many hundred miles nearer than any part of
the United States to the continent of Europe and
to the British islands. The distance by land, fol-
lowing a practicable railroad route, between New
York and Louisburg, on the iteland of Cape Bre-
ton, is about nine hundred miles. The sailirfg
distance between those points is about the same
as that by land; and it is to be remarked that the
route pursued by the steamers bound from New
York to Liverpool is by way of Halifax.
The sailing distance between New York and
Liverpool is three thousand one hundred miles;
and the actual distance usually traversed is said'
to be two or three hundred miles further^ With
a continuous line of railway between New York
and the eastern extremity of Cape Breton, this
immense sea voyage may be shortened nine hun-
dred miles; or, supposing Halifax, in Nova-Sco-
tia, to be the terminus of the railroad system, the
sea voyage would be reduced by about eight hun-
dred miles.
Furthermore, the eastern end of the voyage to
Liverpool may also be shortened by making Gal-
way, in Ireland, the terminus of the steam-ship
line. From the latter point to Dublin, the dis-
tance by railway, now in operation, is one hun-
dred and twenty miles. From Dublin to Holy-
head, on the opposite side of the Irish sea, the
distance, sixty-three miles, is traversed by a line
of steamers in about three and a half hours.
From Holyhead to Liverpool, the distance is
eighty to a hundred miles. The saving of dis-
tance, by this Galway route, actoss Ireland and
the Irish sea, between New York and Liverpool,
is something like three hundred miles; and pos-
sesses the additional advantage of substituting
two hundred miles of land travel, over a highly
interesting country, for live hundred miles by sea.
The object of the resolution, Mr. CheHrman, is
to facilitate a scheme long cherished by the peo-
ple of New England, for "abridging the long and
wearisome sea-voyage to Europe, by extending
the railway system of this continent to the point
which approximates nearest to that of the east-
ern continent, and then launching our steam pack-
ets for the neatest harbor on theooastof Ireland.
This brief statement of facts in relation to the
physical conformation of the two continents and
their adjacent islands would seem sufficient of
themselves to satisfy every intelligent and liberal
mmd of the utility of the plan suggested.
In 1847, Iliad the honor to offer a resolution in
the House of Representatives of the State of
Maine, proposing to inquire into the expediency
of such a road as that which was subsequently
chartered by the State as the Euiopean and North
American Railway, and which it may not be in-
appropriate to advert to on this occasion. I regret
that I have lost or mislaid the resolution. But it
substantially proposes to raise a committee, with
instructions to inquire into the expediency of con-
structing a railroad from Portland to Calais or its
