em
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4.
nation is concerned, they have no right to fight
on her territory; the offense is to her; but it does
not follow necessarily that because one belligerent
has offended a neptral, broken the laws of neu-
trality, therefore the other belligerent has the right
to claim remuneration from the neutral. There
is no. such principle as that to be fountain the law
of nations anywhere,
Mr. MASON. The various Administrations
have thought otherwise. ^
Mr. FESSENDEN, I do not care anything
about the Administrations. The answer made by
the Senator from Georgia on that point is a per-
fectly trui*one; and that is, that they took it for
granted. The claim was presented, and they made
the claim for the claimants upon the other Gov-
ernment, without troubling themselves to look
much into it, and nations do not look very closely
into such matters, especially when the opposite
Governments are weak. I think we are making
some claims evdry day that we have no right to
enforce. I think, from the examination i have
given to it, that we are making claims upon
Spain at this moment, in regard to which we
are wrong; but 1 do not propose to discuss that
matter now.
Our fellow-citizens feel injured; they come to
their Government; the Government presents their
claims, and the Government argues their claims;
presents them as their counsel and attorney, and
endeavors to enfotce payment. Does it follow
from that that they must necessarily be right?
Not at all; and the question after all comes back.
We are as hkeiy to be wrong as anybody else; in
this matter, we weie wrong in endeavoting to en-
force this claim. Why? Because the only con-
dition of things in which a belligcient has aclaim
against a neuttal undei Mich circumstances, when
an offense has been committed in a neutral port,
is, when the conduct of the neutral is such as to
show that she is colluding with the enemy. That
gives a claim against her. If she is guilty of bad
faith; if she does not honestly do her duty be-
tween the belligerents; then she is responsible;
not responsible pecuniarily, but responsible as
one nation is to another for an injury, but notli-
ing beyond that. With the Senator from Geor-
gia, I deny altogether the idea which lies at the
foundation of this claim frum the beginning; and
1 assert, with him, that it will be found nowhere
in .any page of public law on the face of l he earth
that a neutral is necessarily responsible, pecuni-
arily, for an injury done by one belligerent to
another within her territory; there is no such
principle.
Why, sir, suppose this property, instead of
being destroyed had been captured and carried by
the British into their own porta, and libeled be-
fore a court of admuuhy, could Captain Had,
acting for himself and ihe owners, have gone for-
ward and claimed that property and held it' Not
at all. In no couit of admnulty m England, or
here, or anywhere else, couid such a claim be al-
lowed, simply on the pi nieiple i have stated, and
the Senaioi from Georgia so well argued, that, as
between belligerents, no such claim can exist; and
if one belligerent captures the property of the
other, even on neutial temtoiy, the other bellig-
erent cannot chum it, and a court of admiralty
would not give u up to hnn; but the neutral can
reclaim it. if this property had notbeen destroyed
but had been hbtled m admiralty, Portugal could
have gone forward and claimed the property, and
it would have been delivered to hei; but would
never have been delivered to us on any principle
of public law or mautime law.
Therefore, I say with the Senator from Georgia
—he will excuse me for availing myself of his
argument to give my own ideas a-little more at
large upon this question—that, in my judgment,
the whole foundation of this chum fails, and has
failed from the beginning, unless it can be shown
that Portugal was acting m bad faith; that she
was colluding with the iiruish in allowing this
attack to be made. I go fuither, and say that a
neiuial Power, although abundantly able, is not,
l*iy the law of nations, bound to resist such an
infringement of her territory by force; and she is
not lesponsible to the belligerent injured, if she
does nor resist it by force." It is a question for
her to settle on principles applicable to her own
safety and her own welfare, whether if one bel-
ligerent attacks another m her territory she will
resist it.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. I had never supposed for an
instant, that the question of the liability of Por-
tugal would be raised in the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been raised before.
Mr. TOOMBS, i raised it three years ago.
Mr. MASON. Not according to my recollec-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Geor-
gia did, and so did I.
Mr. MASON. Mr. Madison in 1815,through
the Secretary of State, Mr. Monroe, addressed a
letter to Mr. Sumpter, our Minister at Rio, from
which there is given an extract in the report:
" The growing frequency of similar outrages, on the part
of Gieat Britain, renders it more than ever neces&ary for
the Government of the United States to exact from nations
in amity with them a rigid fulfillment of all the obligations
which a neutral character imposes." * * * *
"You are requested to bring all the circumstances of the
tiansaction distinctly to the view of the Poituguese Gov-
ernment, and to state the chum which the injured paity has
to immediate indemnification."
The Portuguese Government made it the sub-
ject of great remonstrance to the British Govern-
ment. The Marquis de Aguiar, the Minister of
Foieign Affairs of Portugal, in compliance with
orders received fromtlnjJPiince Rcgent,addressed
a note to Mr. Sumpter, the American Minister at
Rio de Janeiro, dated 23d December, 1814, in-
forming him of the circumstances, and stated
that—
" Not a moment'^ delay ensued in causing to be addressed
to the Cut^h minister at tin-. Court the lime which is con-
fidently communicated, by a copy, to your loidihtp, at the
same time that lie lia^ duected ms minister in London to
make the icclamation so s>crious an offense requiu^."
The letter alluded to, addressed to Lord Strang-
ford, Minister Plenipotentiary of Great Britain, is
dated Palace of lln> Janeiro, December 22,1814,
and holds this language:
' III-, Kojal Iltghne&s.at the same time that he has duect-
ed In- mmis-ier .it the Oouit ot London io make the ftmngest
repiP^rntauon- heiore the Pnnee Regent ot thctluiK'd King-
dom ot Gieat Buuin, and leqmre satisfaction and indem-
nification, not only l«n his subject*. but fm the American
pnvnk.-ei, whose ^county was yuiuantied by the t-afe-
auatd of a neutial port, older* it to be Minified to his E\ee!
leticy Loid Siranjjtbid, that he may info! m hi? Government
of the unf.ivoi.ilile lmpic^ion which the conduct of that
Bnu-h oomm.uuiei hascausedm the mind ofhis Royal High-
nivV &-e.
I say there is the law enforced by Mr. Madi-
son, and admitted substantial!y by Portugal.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, sir, 1 admit that
they wrote so,-but what does it all amount to ? It
amounts to this, that Mi. Madison, in presenting
the claims of our Government, says it is a just
one, and ought to be paid; the Portuguese Gov-
ernment, in order to settle the matter as well as
they could, thinking, and thinking truly, that it
was an outrage, demanded reparation of the Brit-
ish Government, and .say that the safety of this
vessel was guarantied by the neutrality of the
country. What dues the guarantee mean ? Does
it mean-that Portugal was bound to pay for it in
cash ? No such thing. The term " guarantee,"
as there used, is perfectly understood; it means
that the vessel should have been safe, and not at-
tacked in neutral tenitory; and that the conduct
of Great Britain was contrary to the law of na-
tions.
Mr. MASON Guarantee is security.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; take it that
the safety of the vessel was secured by the neu-
trality of the harbor; does that mean that Portu-
gal was bound to pay the money if it was lost5
Not at all. And now, to bring up language of
that description as proving the existence of a
legal principle, especially a principle of national
law, is establishing national law upon about the
slightest foundation I ever heard of in my life.
National law docs not depend on the language of
diplomatists m enforcing claims or in answering
claims. It depends upon recognized principles
perfectly well understood.
i was saying that a neutral nation, under such
circumstances, even if she has the power of re-
sisting, is not bound to resist, if the Portuguese
Governor of Fayal had been able, at that moment,
to have blown the British squadron out of the
water, he was under no sort of obligation, by the
law of nations, to do so. If he couid only pro-
tect our vessel by entering into a conflict then
and there, he was not bound to enter into that
conflict; because the nation must consider, in such
circumstances, what its own honor and interests
require. The idea of neutrality is not for the
defense of others, but for the defense of one's
self. I will not allow myself to be harmed. -And
the principle goes further: belligerents agree that
they will not hartS neutrals, and that neutral'ter-
ritory shall be sacred; but there is no such under-
standing, no such principle, in the law of nations^
as to say a neutral is bound to beep its territory
clear, at all events and hazards to itself, of "any
interference by belligerents who may be a great
deal stronger than the neutral. There is no such
principle, as was well explained by the honora-
ble Senator from Georgia.
Therefore, I say, sir, with him, upon all these
grounds, that there was nothing lying at the bot-
tom of this claim in the first place; and there be-
ing no foundation for it, all the argument that has
been raised upon that assumption-amounts to
nothing at all. I do not mean to say that the argu-
ment is not well made; but I mean to say that it
necessarily fails, because the foundation itself is
wanting.
But, sir, I have a few more words to say upon
another point in this matter. This claim has been
placed upon other grounds. I was somewhat sur-
prised, this being a private bill, at the remark
made by the honorable Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown] that it was not advisable to have
any argument by the friends of the bill, because
it was very clear that the friends of the bill had a
large majority in this body and could carry it at
any moment. Welt, sir, the question occurred to
me, how has ail this been ascertained? In my
simplicity I was not aware that private bills, in-
cluding large claims of money on this Govern-
ment, were so canvassed and understood out of
this body, before argument and before discussion
here, that they were to be carried without debate
as matters settled. I was not aware that that was
the habit of the body. According to my ordinary
notion ofaction, I supposed that these private bills,
which included necessarily the idea of paying out
the money of the Government, when they came
here, were to be canvassed if Senators desired to
canvass them> that they had nobody particularly
their friends or particularly their enemies; but
that when a demand was made on the Treasury,
especially for a gift, it was a matter to be consid-
ered here in refeience to all the views of the case,
and not considered elsewhere. Put it seems lam
mistaken in this, and that we who are opposed to
this bill only waste our breath, perhaps, in at-
tempting to make any explanations; but it is due
to ourselves—at ail events, I feelitdue to myself-—
under such circumstances, that I should explain
the grounds upon which my own vote will be
given. 1 have done so in pai-t.
Now, sir, let us look at the history of this trans-
action. What is a private armed vessel ? A vessel
which receives a commission from a Government
to prey upon—I will use that expression—the
commerce and the property of an adversary. She
does it at her own risk and hazard. She is pro-
tected by her commission fiom being considered
a pirate. Having got that, she arms herself; she
goes on an excursion; she is a legalized robber;
she takes what she -can get; she takes all the
hazard, and takes all the profits. That was the
condition of this vessel. Sir, I am in favor of pri-
vateering, and 1 think well of a great many pri-
vateers, especially those of the last war; but that
is the legal relation in which they stand. The
Government received nothing, except the inci-
dental benefit that arises from having its enemy
crippled and injured: that is all. If she makes
prizes, she divides the pioperty among those who
compose the crew, and the owners of the vessel.
She takes her own risks, and runs great risks.
That was the condition of this one. Her owneis
fitted out this vessel. They made many captures.
Those on board were gallant men, from the cap-
tain down. I happen to know one of the crew,
who resides in my own city, and a braver man I
do not know. 1 have had letters from him asking
me to support this bill; and for his sake I should
like to do so, if 1 could find it consistent with my
views of right to do so.
In process of t#ie, during her cruise, this vessel
took refuge in, or went into, the harbor of Fayal.
A British'squadron came along; resolved to cut
her out, and destroy her. They attempted it. A
fight took place. The action was a gallant one>
as much so, perhaps, as any on record. I do not
