THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1859.
New Series No. 52.:
doubt thatat all. The vessel was destroyed, the
officers and crew setting fire to her themselves;
and they abandoned her. #
What did Congress do? The honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia has stated. Being under no
sort of obligation to them, the privateer having
taken the risk upon herself; having divided the
profits of all the captures she had previously
made; but in view of the gallantry of the action,
Congress appropriated as a gift, calling it prize
money—but it was a gift, and so stands, for there
was nothing that Congress had received—$10,000
for the benefit of that captain and crew, long ago.
So the matter rested until within a few years past.
A bill was brought in at the Thirty-Third Con-
gress, 1 think, reported by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Sudell,] proposing to
give the captain, crew, and owners of this vessel
a large sum of money, about one hundred and
thirty thousand dollars, if I recollect aright, and
it included not only the value of the vessel, but
prospective profits; that is to say, what they ex-
pected to make by the cruise if they had not been
destroyed In the way they were. The Court of
Claims hardly came to that; they cut the $130,000
down to $70,000, striking; off $60,000, which was
added, I think, fur what the pnvateei might have
made if she had not been captured and destroyed.
That bill came into the Senate. It was debated
here, and on the first vote I think it received just
twelve votes; it was voted down most decisively.
Somebody moved a reconsideration, and it stood
for a very considerable tune, I am not sure but
that it was until the next session of the same
Congress, when it was again taken up. In the
mean time, as suggested by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, tue friends of the bills had got more
numerous, anu they carried it ny about two votes.
A reconsideration was moved; the matter was
tested again;and they were defeated by a decided
majority of the Senate, and that was the last we
heard of it for long while. The claimants after-
wards went to the Court of Claims. TheCoui t of
Claims did not decide, as has been stated to-day, in
favor of the claim. They decided that they would
take testimony on the allegation that the claim
had been compromised by this Government. It
turned out that there had been no compromise at
all; and when the testimony .was taken, the Court
of Claims decided that there was no legal claim
against this Government.
In the face of that, the case comes in here, and
the Committee on Foreign Relations again report
in its favor; and upon what giounds? Why, sir,
on the ground that this privateer having been
thus burned under the circumstances that it was
by the hands of us own crew, there was a claim
for remuneration against Portugal; that our Gov-
ernment had taken it up, enforced it, tried to get
it, unfounded as it was; did_ their utmost; even
sent a vessel of war once to threaten Portugal;
failed in that; and not choosing to light on such
an issue, finally consented to leave it to a referee,
Louis Napoleon. The referee decidt d against the
claim; and the allegation then made was, that we
had no right to refer it. That was the allegation
made; that the Government had no right to refer
it; that they did nnt ask the consent ot the cap-
tain and crew of this vessel; that is to say, that
the Government of the United States, tins claim
being made, weie bound, unless the parties inter-
ested should consent to another coursc, to fight
upon the issue, and to keep pushing 11 until it
came toa contest between the two Governments.
Who ever heard of anything so ridiculous?
Is not arbitration a legal, recognized mode of
settling questions of this description? Certainly
it is. Is a Government bound to ask the consent
of a claimant whether it shall arbitrate or not?
The idea is preposterous. If it does pot fight,
what else can a Government do? Here is a claim
pushed to the very verge, I had almost said, of
imp* rtinencc, year after year. The Government,
to get rid of it finally, not choosing to expose the
whole country to hazard on so lulling a matter,
and finding it cannot succeed in any other way,
concludes to appoint an arbitrator. Suppose this
52
party had come forward and said, " I object to
the Government submitting my case to arbitra-
tion:" what'would the Secretary of State say in
such circumstances? "Very well, sir, take your
papers and go; it is impertinence in you to keep
talking to your Government about your claim,
and dictating to the Government what course tlu y
shall pursue to obtain reparation. If you are
willing to put the matter in the hands of the Gov-
ernment, very well; do not interfere except to ad-
vise, to explain what you may wish; but do hot
undertake to dictate terms." It is nothing to the
claimant whether the Government chooses to arbi-
trate or not. It is a mere matter of obligation
arising between the Government and the citizen,
which cannot be pushed to the verge of obligation
rising between one man and another in private life.
It is an entire mistake to suppose so. The Gov-
ernment could have done nothing else than either
abandon the claim, if Portugal refused to pay it,
or arbitrate; and Portugal was willing to submit
to arbitration. It was submitted; a decision was
made by the arbiter; and now it is said the arbi-
ter decided wrong; it was a mistake on his part.
Grant that it was a mistake: is this Government
responsible for his mistake? It is* said, again,
that the Government did not submit all the papers.
Very well; suppose they did not: did the Govern-
ment act in good faith? Suppose they made a
mistake: you would not hold a private attorney
responsible in damages for such an omission to
present papers; and if you could not hold a pri-
vate attorney responsible, much less could you
hold a Government who is acting in the capacity
of an attorney.
The claim did not exist, in the first place, ex-
cept in the imagination of the claimants. The
Governmentenforced it, or tried to enforce it, year
after year, until it almost got into a content in ref-
erence to it, with the Government of Portugal.
Finding that they could not be bullied, it then pro-
ceeded to leave it to arbitration to take the chance;
the idea being, perhaps, that a bad case generally
succeeded before an arbiter;and oidinanly it does.
It was left to an arbiter, and the arbiter decided;
and now, on the allegation that the arbiter has j
made a mistake, or did not get all the papers, it is '
contended that the Go\eimnent is> bound to make
good, out of its own pocket, this claim.
Why, sir, I never have been able to see the
slightest possible ground of law or equity upon
which this claim could be made The Govern-
ment has done everything it could for these claim-
ants; and the only position in which it can be
placed with any appearance of plausibility, in my
judgment, is, that these men fought a gallant bat-
tie and they should be paid for it. Sir, if I con-
sented to pay the captain and the crew indiscrim-
inately for what they did, I see no reason why I
should pay the owners of the vessel. They were
not there; they did not fight; and their part of it,
I think, does not stand in that attitude before us.
With these general views in relation to the sub-
ject, I have nothing more to say, except that I
enter my dissent entirely to the idea advanced by
the honorable Senator from Mississippi in the
beginning, that this case has always been so clear
to every man of common sense in the country,
that it is astonishing how any man can differ from
those who have filially succeeded in getting a re-
port; that is to say, that it is clear against the pre-
vious vote of the Senate, clear against the decision
of the Court of Claims, clear against the arbiter,
clear againsteverybody; and all the friends of the
bill have to do is, not to talk on so plain a case,
but to vote!
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, lam very
glad at least that my friend from Maine has talked
on this subject, and that the Senate has now come
to undetstand the ground on which, if it does so,
His to vote against this bill. Itis that these par-
ties have not, and never had, any claim against
anybody. That is Ins ground. They had none
against England, because the United States b'Hng
at war with England, our countrymen might fight
her subjects where they please'd; and this was
within the limits of the lists of war that were
marked out for them. We have no claim against
Portugal, within whose jurisdiction this property
was destroyed, because there is no law among
nations which makes Portugal responsible. That
is the Senator's argument.
Now, I confess, I heard this with surprise
from a gentleman so learned, and ordinarly so
cautious. He has asserted, in the most unquali-
fied terms, that there is no such law of nations as
makes a neutral Power, within whose jurisdiction
the property of one belligerent is destroyed by
another, liable for that destruction. I have al-
ways understood the law otherwise. We cannot
well stop now, on such a case as this, to debate
that question ? If this property had been on shore,
had been in another form than that of a ship; if*
our countrymen had been wrecked there the day
before, and the British cruiser, going into the port,
and finding them encamping at a little distance
from the ship, on land, had seized them and taken
them off, would not the neutral have been respons-
ible for their protection? and being responsible
for their protection, would he not have been an-
swerable to them in whatsoever damages they
thus illegally suffered ? If a citizen of the United
States in any foreign country betaken off from a
country with which we are at peace, by force,
and his property destroyed, does not the Gov-
ernment which owes him protection, owe him in-
demnity for a violation of their protection? Is
it not absurd to say that she owes him protection,
but yet, when that protection is violated, is under
no obligation to make redress ?
The obligation to protect is but correlative with
the obligation to indemnify when that protection
is not afforded. That is universal law—civil as
well as national. If a foreigner comes to this
country, we are bound to protect him and his
property, and he owes us for it a temporary alle-
giance. If he violates that allegiance, is he not
responsible, and liable to be punished for it by
submission to the corporal punishment that may
be inflicted by the laws of the country upon him?
This is the consideration which he renders for
ji protection, lie who violates the allegiance which
lie givesm consideration ofthe protection,issub-
ij jected to have that allegiance made effectual upon
j him by punifthmentfoi the violation of it. And is
the Power which gives protection under no sort
! of obligation to be responsible for the failure to
| extend it?
| I hesitate very much to place my opinioh on a
' question of national law or civil law, in opposi-
; tion to the opinion of a gentleman for whose legal
! abilities and general abilities I have such great
! respect as I have for those of the Senator from
1 Maine; 1 speak this m truth and sincerity; but I
1 have never been more astonished in my life than
■ to hear the declaration made to-day by him, that -
, Portugal was under no obligation to indemnify
; these sufferers. Sir, 1 feel considerably fortified
I m the opinion I entertain, by its having been the
; settled and concurrent opinion of every statesman
| of this country, from the time of the commission
! of that outrage by England. It has been the
;■ opinion of eveiy successive President. Mr. Mad-
ison was no ordinary man; Mr. Monroe was a
jj man of great experience and conversant with the
j| law of nations, and, besides, all these gentlemen
5; Lad Cabinetsof no ordinary ability; and every one
!j £Pf them said that, according to national law, there
i'was an obligation on Portugal to indemnify.
Poitusai has never denied that she was under
" such an obligation, but contended that circum-
stances existed to release her from payment; arid
| that was a matter controverted. You referred it
i; to the French Republic. We may very well sup-
!. pose that, according to the ordinary course of those
!| things, he took counsel of the learned men around
!| him. If he had entertained a general opinion that
it is nowhere m the law of nations, and was never
heard of as part of the law of nations, that a neu-
tral in such a case was under any responsibility,
!' why did not the French Emperorand his learned
■ counseiois decide the action on that ground?
j| Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator, perhaps, is
not aware of the fact that the French President or
