818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Emperor, or whatever he was at that time, pro-
ceeded first to ascertain the facts. He did no.t
come to the question of liability. On ascertaining
the facts, he found them against the claimants; he
said that they committed the first assault, and he
decided it on that ground.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. He misunderstood the
facts; but I understand this: there would have
been no necessity for inquiring into the facts at all,
if the law utterly failed to give redress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He could not apply the
law until he found the facts.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That might apply to the
practice of ordinary courts of justice; but here, if
the law altogether failed the party on which he
based his claim, would not that have been the
properground of decision by France? Undoubt-
edly; but he admits it by his decision in effect,
ana he goes to inquire what would have been
necessary to entitle the party to the protection. If
the General Armstrong or her officers had applied
for that protection, and had not fired the first gun,
then, the French Emperor impliedly says, Por-
tugal would have been lesponsible. There is no
authority, nor can any gentleman find one, in my
humble judgment, to justify the principle of irre-
sponsibility which the Senator advocates.
But, Mr. President, I do not think there is any
one absolute and assured ground upon which tins
claim can be defeated. Tins claim rests on a va-
riety of circumstances. Ourown Government has
committed us to it m all forms. Captain Re id had
a claim against Portugal. In his country's cause
he suffered wrong. His country declared it a
wrong, and declared him entitled to compensation
from a foreign Government. That was the state
of the case. The mutter has been brought to an
end by one negotiation and another; but he has
got nothing. The matter has been so managed
that he is left the loser. He suffered the injury
in a national war. Would we not rather com-
pensate him than let him suffer loss? He had a
right to redress from somebody. It has so event-
uated that, though everything has been done that
could be, he has got nothing. Now, 1 would
sooner pay him in such a case myself', than let
him go without redress. It is one of the most
remarkable cases that occurred during that war,
or any war. The brig was dofendtd with the
utmost gallantry. They did not yield their rights;
they did not become voluntary victims to the com-
mon enemy of the country; they resisted with a
heroism that made this country thrill, though it
was a mere private vessel, public to some extent,
private in some respects, but entitled, whether
the one or the other, to the protection of the coun-
try, and to the assertion of a claim fur rcti ibution
for any wrong that she may have sustained.
Sir, I feci no disposition to protract tins dob ue.
I have not said what I should have, under other
circumstances, felt myself called upon to say m
reply to the gentleman. I close, sir; but with this
single remark: my honorable fuend from Maine
has endeavored to rob this case, at least, of every
degree of sympathy that might be felt on account
of the actors, fie ask§, what is a privateer?
Nothing but a legalized robber, says the gentle-
man.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
must do me justice; I dare say he does not mean
to do me injustice. I said that in the eye of the
law, strictly speaking, it might be considered a
legalized robber, because it attacks the property
of the inhabitants of a nation at war with its own,
for its own benefit; but I said, notwithstanding,
that I was in favor of the pnvateersmen, and
sustained them. I believe them to be gallant men,
many of them, and especially those who were
pnvateersmen in the last war. I spoke merely
of their legal relations, of their iclations in matter
of fact.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I do not want to do the
gentleman any injustice. They are still, accord-
ing to law, legalized robbers in the gentleman's
view. Now, sir, 1 say they are not in any sense
such withm the law or without the law. They
are a part of the great national means of war, and
the great national means of defense.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And a very valuable one.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Their services have
been of immense value; they have been our
means of war.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
allow me to suggest to him that, if we are ever to
get a vote, it ought to be now. The Senate is
getting very thin. I am sure that I can say some-
thing in favor of this bill, but there is nothing I
can say so effective as to ask its friends to come
to a vote.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. These are very dis-
agreeable sorts of interruption to gentlemen. I
am sure the Senator knows I feel kindly for him,
but I do not choose to be admonished in any such
form or manner. It is for me to determine when
I shall speak and how long I shall speak; and
I cannot, though I will not. certainly think too
hardly of it, submit in public to this sort of ad-
monition and chastisement for what I say. I was
about to conclude, and but for the gentleman's
interruption should not have occupied, perhaps,
more time than he did in his unnecessary and su-
perfluous admonition.
I thought it necessary to say a word to call the
attention of my friend from Maine to the injus-
tice which I supposed he had done by a phrase
which, in the hurry of argument, he had used and
applied to our privateers, that they were legal-
ized robbers; that is, robbers in the sense of the
law. They are not so. But, sir, I hope the vote
will be taken. It is not my temper now, or ever,
to occupy the time of the Senate, as I think I have
given some evidence, with unnecessary debate.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after the word " Armstrong," in line
six, the words, " or their legal representatives,"
so as to read:
u To pay the owners, officers, an<l crew, of the private
armed brig Geneial Aimstrong, or their legal representa-
tives."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I cannot allow this bill to
pass without saying a few words, notwithstand-
ing the impatience of its friends for a vote. I
have, from the beginning, said on all occasions,
that I was willing to vote for any reasonable sum
as a testimonial of national gratitude for a gal-
lant achievement; but I never would vote for, or
fail to resist, the passage of this bill, if placed
on the ground of national obligation. I say so
still. I do not mean, sir, to go into any of the
questions which have already been debated by
the Senator from Georgia, or the Senator from
Maine. I am willing, for the purposes of what I
have now to say, to concede that these officers and
owners had a valid claim against the Government
of Portugal. 1 am willing further to concede,
what no man has as yet pretended, that our Gov-
ernment willfully abandoned it; and after I have
conceded all that, I ask gentlemen where is our
obligation to pay this alleged debt? 1 want to
know upon what principle the Government of the
United States is bound to pay a claim of its citi-
zens against a foreign Government, simply be-
cause it has faded to collect it?
We have not collected this debt for these men.
Let us yield all that their friends claim—that the
debt was a le^al and valid one. Why shall we
pay it? How conies our Government guarantor;
for that is the pretension now setup, and nothing
else. If you are going to pay this debt, how will
you avoid the appi epilation necessary for the one
hundred or two hundr< d millions of debt of which
a list was sent to us the other day by the Presi-
dent? If this debt is io be paid because it was
due to one of ourcitizi-ns by a foreign nation, and
we have not, by the measures we have taken for
its collection, secured it, how shall we escape the
responsibility of paying all these other debts, in
relation to which we have neglected to do any-
thing? 1 understand that the-list of claims of our
citizens against foreign Governments now ex-
ceeds one bundled and fifty million dollars; and
I ventuie to say that, to-morrow, proof can be
brought to the Senate that over one hundred mil-
lion of those dollars arc due on claims which our
Government has utterly, inexcusably neglected to
prosecute; Are we bound to pay thorn5 Is there
any such relation between the citizen and his Gov-
ernment that the Government is responsible for
the collection of the claim of the citizen against a
foreign nation? That has always been the point
ot principle in my way m voting for this bill.
Let us suppose, sir, for the sake of example,
that our Government, yielding to the well-founded
arguments of a foreign nation, should, in its cor-
respondence, give up a just debt, and say to the
foreign Government: "What you say is true;
your defense is good; we give up-this claim; we
will no longer prosecute it;" that, I suppose, for
all future time, would estop our Government
against setting up the claim. Now, suppose our
negotiator had been wrong in making this con-
cession, does our Government thereby become
the guaiantor of this debt? Is it to pay for every
mistake of its public officers ? In every effort to
protcct our citizens, so far as their relations with
foreign Governments are concerned, do we as-
sume upon our own responsibility that our public
ministers shall always do exactly what is right
and proper, and if they do not, that we shall pay
the whole claim by way of indemnity to the citi-
zen for our failure to make hot and proper pur-
suit.
If this is the principle, let us take up this whole
list of foreign claims, and pay them. If this is
not the principle, then let gentlemen distinguish
this claim from the hundreds and thousands of
other claims which this Government has wrong-
fully abandoned or neglected to prosecute against
foreign nations. Let us understand upon what
principles we are voting this money. I have never
yet been able to reconcile it to my judgment that
our Government owed one dollar to these men on
the ground of positive law. I have been willing,
I am now willing, to vote a testimonial of national
gratitude for gallant service which has redounded
to the interest, and even to the glory of the nation.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. That has been done
long ago.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Let us do more; give the
whole sum, if you please, give it cheerfully. I
will vote for any lavish sum to be given to these
men, if you do not put it on such a ground of prin-
ciple that you might as well open the doors of
your Treasury, and pour out its contents to any
persons who choose to ask for them. 1 say you
have claims now in the Department of State
abandoned by neglect; abandoned, if you choose,
by the misfeasance, as well as the non-feasance,
of your officers, amounting to more money than
any tariff you will create this year will collect for
years to come. What are you going to do with
them all? If you pay this debt, how will you
avoid the rest? If you say that you give it, 1 will
vote with you. If you are going to pay, I say we
owe nothing, and l pay nothing.
Mr. MASON. I have had very little time to
find authorities on this subject,but I rise to read
a book which a friend has handed to me, in which
it is stated, as a distinct assertion of the principle
of international law, that if a neutral Power fail
to protcct the property within its limits, it is
bound to make it good, is a question of interna-
!' tional law. That was denied, as I understood, by
j; the honorable Senator from Georgia, as well as
l! the honorable Senator from Maine. I have no
doubt, if we had time to pursue it, we could find
\\ it more fully illustrated. First, in a treatise on
;j the law of war, written by Bynkershoeck, with
commentaries by a very distinguished jurist, the
! late Mr. Duponeeau,of Philadelphia, (in chapter
j, 8, page 50,) there is this passage:
!; <{ Certainly, it is by no means lawful to attack or take an
enemy m the port ot a neutial who is m amity with botjpt
parties. If it be done, it ib the duty of the neutral ritate to
,; cause the thing to be lettered, either at its own expense or
ij at the expense of the mjuied party."
|j And again, in the commentaries of the late
i| Judge Kent, on the law of nations, (Kent's Com-
i! mentaries, vol. 1, page 122,) is this passage:
ij "liut, the geneial inviolability of the neutral character
; | goes fuither than merely the piorection of neutral propeity.
'■ It protects the property or the belligerents when within the
! | neutral jurisdiction. It is not lawful to make neuhal terri-
ii torv the scene ot hostility, or to attack ail enemy while
,i within it; antl if the enemy be attacked, or any capture
made, the neutral is bound to redress the injury and effect
I restitution. The books ate full of cases lecogmzmg this
i principle of neutrality."
!
Now, sir, the demand was made by this Gov-
ernment, beginning with Mr. Madison and run-
! ning down to the time when the convention was
made with Portugal, pursuing the demand against
Portugal only. Portugal pursue# the demand
' against England. The tiue course of proceeding
1 was—we did not demand from England because
we were at war with her—for Portugal to have-
afforded the redress to us, and to have looked to
England for indemnity. Portugal took that view;
; for in her demand on England, as shown in the
correspondence, she demanded indemnity not only
; for the injury done to her own town of Fayalby
1 the British guns, but for the injury done to the
