108
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2-1,
35th Cong ...2d Sess.
Fanaticism of the Democratic Party—Mr. Lovejoy.
Ho. of Reps.
a slave child obeying his parent in preference to
his master? The very suggestion is preposterous.
Does the Bible sanction a system that abrogates
its ,own injunctions ?
There stands that slave mother, pressing, with
a mother's love, her own child to her heart! To
whom does it belong ? Is it not hers against the
uni-verse ? Is. there any being, this side the throne
of God, that has the right to take it from her?
Has the master the right to come and tear it away
from her embrace, and claim it as his property?
And is this robbery sanctioned by the Bible, and
that Bible the word of God ? I know the people
are taught this by a ministry that I dislike to
characterize as I think they deserve.
" Wealth, Inst, and fashion, bid them still to bleed,
"And holy men quote Scripture for the deed."
But these men do not truly interpret the Bible.
They teach for doctrines the commandments of
men, and make the word of God of none effect
through their traditions. How dare these men
make the Bible lend its sanction to a system that
abrogates parental authority and filial duty ?
§0, also, with the conjugal relation. The Bible
everywhere represents this as the most sacred,
inviolate, and indissoluble of all human relations.
Father and mother are to be forsaken, in obedi-
ence to the claims of this still higher and holier
relation. Now, what does slavery do with this
domestic institution ? Leave God and the parties
perfectly free to regulate it iji their own way ?
No; with impious and brazen front, it steps in
and utterly annihilates the marriage relation, so i
faras its victims are concerned. There is no more 1
any legal marriage among the thiee or four mil-
lion slaves in the United Status, than there is
among so niany cattle. Slaves m the eye of the
law are cattle, and their union is that of brutes.
They are declared to be goods, chattels personal,
to all intents, constructions, and purposes, what- j
ever. The civil law which prevails in some of i
the States takes them pro nullis, pro mortals, pro
quadvupedibus. \
Would it not be an interesting spectacle to see j
one of these clergymen, who teach that the Ilible j
sanctions slavery, called in to attend the wedding
of a bureau and chest of drawers? The chairs,
and shovel, and tongs, are invited as guests. At- >
ter a fervent prayer for the Divine blessing, the
clergyman says: . '
" By the old l.evitiral laws
I join the bureau to the drawers."
'•Quid ride*:5 mututo nomine, de tu |
Falmla rinrratm." j
Absolutely, there can be no more a legal mar- j
riage between two slaves, than between two ar- j
tides of furniture, or between two brutes. They j
" take up together," they do not marry. No j
clergyman dare pronounce two slaves husband I
and wife till death shall separate them. The j
will of the master is their fate. The Bible says:
"What God hath joined together, let not man
put asunder." The slave system says: Who
cares for God ? 1 will separate them when I
please. A slave who is a church member is
taught by hisicligious teachers that it is his duty,
on.being sold from one plantation to another,
leaving a so-called wife behind, to take another
mate; and the reason assigned by these pious in-
structors is, that in this way he can be most profit-
able to his master, which is his first and para-
It is frequently said, that although individuals
may do wrong, yet the system is right. Now,
it is against the system that I speak. The truth
is, the individuals are better than the system.
The humanity—and, in my charity, perhaps, I
ought to say Christianity—of the master often tri-
umphs, to a great extent, over the system. If ev-
ery master exemplified the extreme capability of
the system for outrage.and dfabolism.an indig-
nant world would rise and wipe it out.
Suppose, now, this system, all reeking with
lust,incest, crime,and cruelty, is brought outand
placed under the blaze of Christianity. "Whatso-
ever ye would that men should do unto you, do ye
even so unto them;" for this is the law and the
prophets. This is the condensed summary of the
whole Bible. Who has the hardihood to say that
the practice of slaveholding is consistent with this
injunction? What, in the New Testament, is the
classification of slaveholders? It places them with
murdeiers of fathers and murderers of motheis.
Everywhere the Bible inculcates a spirit of gen-
erous magnanimity. " Ye that are strong ought
to bear the lnfirmities'of the weak, and not to
please yourselves." Slavery, I know, claims this
attribute, and talks about its chivalry and mag-
nanimity. And is it not magnanimous to cheat
a poor, ignorant, degraded man, out of the entirfc
earnings of his whole life—rob him of his wife
and children, and then justify it by saying that
they are an inferior race? Admit the fact of in-
feriority—does it therefore follow that it is right
to oppress them ? Every page of the Bible flashes
its anathemas against the oppression of the poor
and helpless. The chivalry of the Bible is to help
the weak, to protect the defenseless, and rescue
those in peril. This, indeed, is the idea of the
olden chivalry. Witness the incident in the ro-
mance of Ivanhoe. The true knight, enfeebled
by sickness, rides into the lists to meet a power-
ful antagonist—and m whose defense? For one
belonging to a race as despised and degraded then
as that of the African now is. This chivalry we
recognize as having something manly and noble
in it. But, from the chivalry that robs mothers
of their children; that applies the scourge tohelp-
less women, to secure their labor or make them
surrender their chastity; which sells a boy for a
harlot and a girl for a pair of shoes; which, by
superior knowledge, combination, and legal en-
actment, reduces millions of human beings to the
condition of brutism, and then by false teachings
seeks to delude their conscience, and cause them
to believe that their enslavement is*in accordance
with the will of God—from all such chivalry I
ask to be delivered.
The Bible sanctions slavery; and if the Bible,
then God. What kind of an ideal of Deity has
that religionist who holds this doctrine? The
ancients divided their vices, and made one of their
gods the divinity of each. The advocate of Bible
slavery takes a system that concentrates in itself
all crime, and makes Jehovah its patron deity. I
do wish that slavery would leave us an ideal of
the Supreme Being that is not polluted with its
| slimy touch. It is said of Goldsmith, as a writer,
! that there was nothing that he did not touch, and
I nothing that he touched that he did not beautify.
1 And it can truly be said of slavery, that there is
! nothing that it does not touch, and nothing that
it touches that it does not defile. It has perverted
the Government, violated the national faith, muz
mountduty. Thus lie may, asagood Christian,   , ,
take up with a new woman on every plantation to i | zled the press, debauched the church, corrupted
which he is sold. This has been formally sode- i! Christianity, and seeks to change the glory of the
cided by an ecclesiastical council. And yet these ;| invisible God into a Moloch, and transform the
blasphemers seek to make God a partner in this , | eternal and loving Father into a patron of cruelty-
revolting practice. The Bible everywhere re- ""nation. nnrl ihnn with the lmmidencf
quires an equivalent to be given for services ren- .
dered. " Wocunto him that buildeth his house by !
unrighteousness and his chambers by wrong; that i
useth his neighbor's service without wages, and
giveth him not for his work." " Behold, the hire ,
of the laborers who have reaped down your fields,
which by you is kept back by fraud, crieth; and |
the cries of them that hath reaped are entered into j
the ears of the Lord of Sabaoth." Slavery never '
allows any wages at all to those whogarner in its 1
harvests. To say that the clothing and food that |
the slave receives are wages, is to say that the I
hay, grain, and stabling of the horse are wages. \
These constitute the keeping of the horse, and of ,
the slave; wages thev are not. i
lust, and injustice; and then, with the impudence
of the strange woman, wipes its mouth and says,
" I have committed no sin !" I should be ashamed
of such a God as that. It is to me utterly in-
comprehensible, that any one can sincerely be-
lieve that the Bible sanctions the system of Ameri-
can slavery; and I leave that point.
But this fanaticism goes still further, and arro-
gates to itself prerogatives which God himself,
never claimed, and what, be it spoken with rev-
erence, the Supreme Being himself cannot do;
and that is, to make right and wrong. Before all
law and above all law, human and Divine, is the
idea of right and wrong, eternal, indestructible.
The Omnipotent does not claim the right or power
to annihilate this distinction. He himself bows
to this idea, which sits enthroned, absolute and
supreme, higher than the Highest. The supreme
Legislator never undertook, by mere arbitrary
enactment, to obliterate this distinction, and put
darkness for light, and light for darkness—bitter
for sweet, and sweet for bitter. His own conduct
is controlled by His perceptions of what is right
and what is wrong. Human statutes cannot do
what Di vine legislation never attempted to achieve.
Can you, by a congressional enactment, change
the laws that govern the material world ? Can
you make the Potomac roll back to its sources
amid those far off hills; or .calm the ocean, when,
moved from its depths, it lifts its crested waves
on high, and dashes them in broken spray against
the beetling crags? Much less can you annul the
eternal distinction between right and wrong. The
attempt is and must forever remain utterly vain
and impotent.
The gentleman from Georgia, the other day,
called our attention to the sublime spectacle cf
State after State emerging from a territorial con-
dition, and wheeling into line as sovereign States
in this Confederacy. In this process, according
to the gentleman, were united the two principles
of expansion and popular sovereignty, and the
gentleman was reminded of that grand chorus
which ail ancient exile heard when there was
poured upon his ear the voice of many waters,
and the voice of the thunders, and the voice of the
Almighty, and the utterance of ocean and thunder
and of Jehovah was, " Vox populi vox Dei." Sir,
I claim that the voice of truth and justice and lib-
erty, is the voice of God. When 1 hear the v«ice
of thousands and thousands, and ten times ten
thousand, swellingupward, like the voice of many
waters and the voice of mighty thunders and the
voice of the Almighty, it is that other and better
sentiment—" Let justice prevail, though the uni-
verse crumbles." Ay, sir; 1 too heard the voice
of the people, and it went surging through the
streets of Judea's proud metropolis. It swept
through the portals of Pilate's judgment hall,
and echoed along its arches, crying, " Crucify
him! Crucify him!" Was " Vox populi vox
Dei" then' Did the gentleman from Georgia hear
the voice of the Almighty, responsive to the pop-
ular will, demanding the crucifixion of his own
Son? Did their cry of blood have the Divine
sanction, simply because they had voted it, and
because they had a law by which the Man of Naz-
areth must be put to death? What an impious
dogma 1
But let us follow this expansion and vox populi
doctrine. We already embrace Utah; there the
voice of the people sanctions and demands a mul-
tiplicity of wives. Is it the voice of God ? We
acquire Cuba; and there the voice of the people
demands the union of Church and State, and for-,
bids^ prayer to be uttered by the open grave of
a friend who breathed out his soul beyond the
pale of the Papal Church; and the voice of the
people is the voice of God ! Expansion ! We
sweep onward, and take in Mexico; and in some
sequestered vale there is a remnant of the old
Aztec race, with their Teocalli surrounded with
human skulls. The voice of the people here leads
forth a pampered young man—the fairest and best
of the nation, decorated with flowers—up to the
consecrated hill, laying him on the sacrificial
stone, and with breast raised, the priest seizes
the knife, and diags it craunching through the
ribs, and tears out the heart, all reeking and
quivering; and this is the voice of God!
But we have taken in the continent, from Es-
quimaux to Patagonian,and still we mustexpand.
We ride forth on the Pacific wave, and annex
the Feejee Islands; and the voice of the people
here is to feast on human flesh; and the voice of
the people is the voice of God ! Is this an insane
asylum? Is the Democracy struck with lunacy,
as well as filled with fanaticism ?
The slavery Democracy prates and chatters
about " negro equality," " Black Republicans,"
and ii nigger-stealing," to use its classic phrase
and improved orthography. It has, or affects to
have, a great horror of" niggers;" and any one
who advocates the principles of human freedom,
as they were enunciated and laid down in indur-
ing forms by the fathers of the Republic, is a
" woollyhead," apd th^se same Democrats have
learned to speak of them with a peculiar riaSal
