1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
199
35th Cong....3d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Lamar.
Ho. of-Reps.
twist. Jfaso contemnere adwnco. You would sup-
pose that these gentlemen, whose olfactories are
so sensitive and acute, never saw a nigger, unless
in a menagerie. And yet, would you believe it!
the very first service rendered him on earth is
performed by a nigger; as an infant, he draws the
milk which makes his flesh and blood and bones
from the breast of a nigger; looks up in her face
and smiles, and calls her by the endearing name
of "mammy."
(Incipe parve puer. Cognoscerc risu matrem.)
and begs, perhaps, in piteous tones, for the priv-
ilege of carrying " mammy" to the Territories;
he is undressed and put to bed by a nigger, and
nestles, during the slumbers of infancy, in the
bosom of a nigger; he is washed, dressed, and
taken to the table, by a nigger, to eat food pre-
pared by a nigger; he is led to and from school
by a nigger; every service that childhood demands
is perfoimed by a nigger, except that of chastise-
ment, which, from the absence of good manners
in many cases, it is to be feared is not performed,
at all. When down appears on his lip, the ton-
sorial service is performed by a nigger;and when
he reaches manhood, he invades the niggerquar-
ters to place himself in the endearing relation of
paternity to half-niggers. Finally, if he should
be ambitious, it may occur that he will come to
Congress to represent a constituency, three fifths
of whom are niggers, and talk about" Black Re-
publicans," " amalgamation,M "nigger equal-
ity," " nigger stealing," and the offensive odor,
of niggerism.
I insist upon it, we have had enough of this
tomfoolery. Let members from the slave States
treat us with the courtesy due from one gentle-
man to another, and they will receive the same
in return. But till then, if God pleases, they
shall have a Roland for an Oliver. I call gentle-
men to witness, that during all last session, I en-
dured this kind of abuse. Scurrilous letters were
read from the Clerk's desk, and I held my peace.
Again this session, old Mose is eifchumed, and
served up in a Democratic re-hash. And who is
this old Mose, that is to form the pabulum of an
interesting chapter, when some Democratic his-
torian shall give us the history of the United
States? A poor,old,septuagenarian negro, whom I
never saw, and of whom I never heard till he came
to my door, free by the admission of the black-
guard who had owned him. i gave him a meal
of victuals; he remained a few hours till the cars
came, when I secured the payment of his passage
to Chicago, and he went on his way rejoicing,
like the Ethiopian of old. By the way, ought
there not to be an ecumenical council of the Dem-
ocratic church, to get out an expurgated edition
of the Bible? What a scandalous thing, that
Philip should ride with the Ethiopian! It is
asked why I did not state these facts before. I
answer, I will not hold myself bound to explain I
every ebullition of blackguardism, either in or out '
of Congress. When a boy, I used to strike back at
every dog that barked at me as I rode along the
highways; but i have ceascd doing so, long since,
and let them bite the iron thatencircles the wheel.
And now, what about this negro equality of
which we hear so much, in and out of Congress?
It is claimed by the Democrats of to-day, that
Jefferson has uttered an untruth in the declara-
tion of principles which underlie our Govern-
ment. 1 still abide by the Democracy of Jeffer-
son, and avow my belief that all men are created
equal. Equal how? Not in physical strength;
not in symmetry of form and proportion; not in
gracefulness of motion, or loveliness of feature;
not in mental endowment, moral susceptibility,
and emotional power; not socially equal; not of
necessity politically equal—not this, but every
human being equally entitled to his life, his lib-
erty, and the fruit of his toil. The Democratic
party deny this fundamental doctrine of our Gov-
ernment, and say that there is a certain class of
human beings who have no rights. If you ma-
liciously kill them, it is no murder; if you take
away their liberty, it is no crime; if you deprive
them of their earnings, it is no theft. No rights
which-another is bound to regard? Was there
ever so much diabolism compressed into one sen-
tence ?
Why do the Democrats come to us with their
complaints about the negroes? I, for one,feel no
responsibility in the matter. I did not create them
—was not consulted. Now, if there is any one
dissatisfied with the fact that there is a whole race
of human beings with the rights of human beings,
created with a skin not colored like our own, let
him go mouth to the heavens, and mutter his blas-
phemiesin the e,ar of the God that made us all. Tell
Him that he had no business to make human
beings with a black skin. I repeat, I feel no re-
sponsibility for this fact. But inasmuch as it has
pleased God to make them human beings, I am
bound to regard them as such. Instead of chat-
tering your gioberish in my ear about negro equal-
ity? go the Son of God in the face and re-
proach him with favoring negro equality because
he poured out his blood for the most abject and
despised of the human family. Go settle this
matter with the God who created, and the Christ
who redeemed.
"He that despiseth the poor, reproacheth his
Maker."
A single word as to this charge of negro steal-
ing. I suppose I have a right to speak on this
subject, having been made the object of this alle-
gation. So far as any personal abuse is concerned,
it may go for what it is worth. If the object is to
ascertain whether I assist fugitive slaves who
come to my door and ask'it, the matter is easily
disposed of. I march right up to the confessional,
and say, I do. I recollect the case of a young
woman, who came to my house, who had not a
single trace of African descent either in feature or
complexion. According to her own story, she
was betrothed to a man of her race, though not
of her color, and was, before her marriage, sold
to a libertine from the South, she being in St.
Louis. She escaped, and, in her flight from a
life of infamy, and a fate worse than death, she
came and implored aid? Was I to refuse it? Was
I to bewray the wanderer. Was I to detain her,
and give her up a prey to the incarnate fiend who
had selected her as a victim to offer up on the altar
of sensualism ?
Who would do it? I would not, did not. No
human being, black or white, bond or free, na-
tive or foreign, infidel or Christian, ever came to
my door and asked for food and shelter, in the
name of a common humanity, or of a pitying
Christ, who did not receive it. This I have done.
This I mean to do, as long as God lets me live.
I shall never " bewray him that wandereth." I
shall never become a slave-catcher. Any one
who chooses may transform himself into a blood-
hound—snuff and scent and howl along the track
of the fugitive—loll out his tongue, and lap up
the dirty water that stands in muddy pools by
the wayside—overtake the rifle-scarred and lash-
excoriated slave, (a mother, it may be, with her
infant, the love of whom has nerved her for the
flight,) thrust his canine teeth into the quivering
flesh, brace out his fore feet, and hold the cap-
tive till the kidnapper comes, with fetters and
handcuffs, to load down ankles and wrist, and
then receive, as a reward of this brutism, a pat
on the head from the slave-catcher, and the plaudit,
" Good dog, Bose."
Sir, I never will do this. I never will degrade
my manhood, and stifle the sympathies of human
nature. It is an insult to claim it. 1 wish I had
nothing worse to meet at the judgment day than
that. I would not have the guilt of causing that
wail of man's despair, or that wild shriek of
woman's agony, as the one or the other is cap-
tured, for all the diadems of all the stars in
heaven.
Is it desired to call attention to this fact? Pro-
claim it, then, upon the house-tops; write it on
every leaf that trembles in the forest; make it blaze
from the sun at high noon,and shine forth in the
milder radiance of every star that bedecks the
firmament of God; let it echo through all the
arches of heaven, and reverberate and bellow <
along all the deep gorges of hell, where slave-
catchers will be very likely to hear it. Owen !
Lovejoy lives at Princeton, Illinois, throe quar- i
ters of a mile east of the village; and he aids every ,
fugitive that comes to his door and asks it. Thou 1
invisible demon of slavery, dost thou think to :
cross my humble threshold, and forbid me to give
bread to the hungry and sheltei to the houseless 1 j
I bid you defiance in the name op my God ! i,
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. L. Q. C. LAMAR,
OF MISSISSIPPI .
In the Hocse of Representatives ,
February 21, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Wtiulo oa the
state of the Union,
Mr. LAMARsaid:
Mr. Chairman: A question of vital importance
and practical legislation is upon us; growing
every day in the imperious urgency of its de-
mand for solution, and involving not alone the
honor of the Government, but its very, means of
continued operation. Theories of taxation have
been discussed; schemes of protection or encour-
agement to favored interests have been pressed
upon the attention of Congress; and yet the action
of this House, upon the great question of equal-
izing the means and expendi tures of Govern ment,
is not unlike the motion of that sluggish, over-
grown insect, which moves its thousand legs and
arms at different times and in different directions,
but is incapable of one single, powerful, onward
impulse. The estimates of the Secretary of the
Tieasury contemplate a deficiency, on the 1st of
July, 1860, of nearly eight million dollars. That
it is the duty of Congress to make provision,
before the termination of its present session, to
meet this deficiency, no one denies. How shall
this be done ? By a loan ? by the issue of Treas-
ury notes ? or by the revision of the tariff? And
if by the latter, upon what principle shall this
revision be effected!
The gentleman from Ohio-[Mr. Stanton] pro-
posed, m his speech the other day, to meet this
difficulty by repealing the existing tariff', and sub-
stituting in its stead a system of specific duties,
in the adjustment of the details of which there
shall be discriminations for what he calls protec-
tion to certain classes of American industry. In
the course of his remarks he undertook to excite
some merriment at the expense of the Adminis-
tration, on account of the difference of opinion
existing between the President and the Secretary
of the Treasury. Sir, this difference is open and
public. It shows that there is no affectation of
harmony without, and concealed hostilities with-
in.
1 have never been a strong believer in that arbi-
trary doctrine that has obtained of late years
in theory, though never enforced in practice, re-
quiring a Cabinet to be a unit upon all questions.
Whatever may be its other merits, it certainly
has not the authority of the earlier Administra-
tions. Similar differences of opinion, and upon
the same subject, characterized the administration
of him who was " first in war, first in peace, and
first in the hearts of his countrymen."
Sir, if this difference of opinion, either at this
time or at any future time, shall embarrass the
President or his Administration, the candor and
frankness which mark his character afford the
most satisfactory assurance that he will be the
first to communicate that fact to the Secretary;
and the fidelity to principle which has hitherto
distinguished the career of that Secretary, fur-
nishes to the country ample guarantee that an in-
timation alone will be sufficient to relieve the
President and his administration from such em-
barrassments.
The gentleman asserts, with great confidence,
" that no party in the country has ever commit-
ted itself against discrimination for protection."
Upon another occasion, when seeking to escape
the irresistible deductions of the able and eloquent
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Jackson,] in re-
lation to the aims and purposes of the Black Re-
publican party, the gentleman from Ohio insisted
that their published platform was the only au-
thentic exposition of their principles and pur-
poses. Now, sir, if he will only determine the
doctrines and tenets of the Democracy by the test
which he claims for his own party, he will be
constrained to admit that the Democratic party
is committed against the doctrine of protection,
whether for protection's sake, or in the form Of
discriminations.
The doctrines, purposes, and arguments, set
forth in the speech of the gentleman of Ohio,
