1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
same ^hall have been tendered in obedience to a prior legal
oider ot the Po?.uua^ter General.Ii tins law is to be le-
speered. then the claim tim&t be disallowed, otherwise it
s-houki bo k-pealed, find leave the whole subject open for
the (U-cif tton of the Poof master General; and theieby avoid
having the tunc oi this House consumed in legislating upou
these tliou.jandd of elating and save the enormous amount
to the country now spent over them. For these leasons, I
recommend mat the eiatm be disallowed
REUBEN DAVtS.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I call for the read-
ing of the majority import.
The majority repot t was read, as follows:
The committee find that the said Joseph W. Ilitton was
the eontmctoi foi uanyinti the mail over loute No. 13323,
fiom St. Louis, in the tUatc of Missouri, via Waterloo, m
Momoe county, in said State, and the village of Prairie du
lloehen, m Randolph coun'y. in the State of Illinois, to the
town ot Chester, in s;rti Randolph count} ; thai, by the teuns
ol'hirfconttaci, ne wn« inquired to transpoit the United States
mail manor p.n't.u'itn^ to said luute datlv. fiom July 1, J8f>4,
to July 1, 1S.j8. naid mad matter to he transposed over that
part ot t-aid r<mte Ijni? between St. Loiih and Wateiloo,a
d^tanee of twenty-ons1 miles, in coac'iies- and over thatpait
of taid loute lying between sWd Waterloo uud Chester, a
distance oi forty-seven miles, on hot^eback; that, on the
527tn day of S'-ptuitibei. li\>6,and daily hitheito, the post-
ma-vtei ot St Louis., in the State of Missouri, dt-hveied to
the t-atd J. W. Hilton the mail matter between the said eity
of St. Lotus and the town of St. Genevieve, in the said
State ot Mis?oun, which did not pertain to saul mail route
No. 133J3; that, notwithstanding the cormaci of &aid J. \V,
Hilton did not require hnn to transport the same ovei his.
said route No. I332J, he did, at the request of the said post-
master of St Louis, and with a dc-ire to serve the Post
Office Department of the United States, and tn*uh-$ervo the
public inteiest. receive the^aid St.Louis and  St Genevieve
mail matter, and, accoiding to the desiie of the said post-
master ot St. Louis afo.esaid, transported the same daily,
from the said ihld day of September, 1858, to the piesent
time.ovei that part of hit. said route No 13U23 lyjnghetween
said eiiy of St Louis and said village of Piaute du Lloehen
m coaches, and thence on hoiscbnek, rehma upon the j oo<|
faith of the Post Office Department lor reasonable compen-
sation for said extra seivice : that, in eonsecjucuce oi the
gieat quantit\ of mail inattei wlneh the said J W. Hilton
wa- obliged to iraiwpoit over hs< said ionic, he was com-
pelled to incur gieni addinoiiiil expense u; tian^poitingsfiid
St. Genevieve m;ti! mattei lioni St. Louis to Piairiedu llo-
clieiuan adduion.tl hui-e oi a coach being indispensable fon
that purpose on rhat pint of said mute, twenty-two miles
distant fiom Wmetloo to Pianie du lloehen; that the said
J. W. Hilton immediately. and oiten alter he wa? dnert«"d
by the .snid postinaftei at St Louis to poiform ?aid e.\na
mail sei vice, applied by letter to the Post Othee Department
for a reasonable ai'owanee for said extra mail smviee, lull
thaf he iceen ed no definite answer to his said applications
until about the 1-t day of July. 185'/, when the Depamnent
agieed to pnv hnn Mj*2r> pel annum foi siieh mciease ol <-ei-
vice. «-aid asieeiuent to take effect trom and aftei the 1st day
of July, IS.";" : that the said .1 W. Hilton was infoimed by
the Post Othee Oepaitni'Mit that no allowance could be
made lor the mciease of set vice peiloimed bv hnn, as aiote-
saul. between the month ot Scptembet, ly.'O, and July 1,
J£37. the >-:nnp having been pei foi m< d without any prioi le-
gal oidei from the PostmaMerGcneial; thattheamount due
to said J. W. Hilton tor said setviee would be pio rata to
the amount subsequently allowed, .v-483 40, and that, fiom
jiifoiniaiion leeeived ftom the Post Office Dcpaitment. the
committee have no doubt tfiat the extra «civiee was por-
lonned. and the public nuercst theiyby subscivcd.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I have said, in
that minority report, that the fads alleged 111 the
majority report are unsust&ined by testimony.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. 1 merely wish to
make an explanation. I now state thatevon the
memorial of Mr. Hilton himself shows that the
majority report does not sustain the facts.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. If my friend is al-
lowed to make a speech, I shall want to reply.
Mr. DA VIS, of Mississippi. The petition does
not show that the petitioner put horses and coaches
upon the iine; and there is no proof to show that
any such service was rendered.
[Cries of " Order !" " Order !"]
Mr. SM JTH, of Illinois. Now, 1 wish to reply
in about as many words. [Cries of " OrUer !"]
1 can satisfy the House, fiom a conversation
which I had at the Department, thnt it is only just
and equitable that this man should be paid, [re-
hewed cries of''Order!" ''Order!"] and that
he performed the service.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I move that the
bill be laid upon the table.
Mr ENGLISH. I hope not. It ought to be
passed.
Mr. CRAJG, of Missouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to allow the gentle-
man who reported this bill to make a statement
about it.
Mr. ORAIGE, of North Carolina. 1 object.
Mr, LETCHER demanded the ycasnnd nays
on the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. KELSEY. I hope the gentleman will
withaiav/ the demand for the yeas and nays, and
allow us to take the Question by tellers.
I The yeas and nays were not ordered.
; Mr. KELSEY. I call for tellers upon the ques-
i tion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Edie and
Boyce were appointed, m
The Houso divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 73, noes 50.
So the bill was laid upon the table.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I call for the yeas
and nays on thfc motion to lay the bill upon the
table; and I do so with the desire to see who they
are in this House who will refuse the payment
of an honest debt to a man who has faithfully
performed his duty.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have
been refused.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and I
alsQ move that the motion to reconsider be laid*
upon the table.
Air. SMITIJ, of Illinois. I demand the yeas !
and nays on the latter motion. ]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. HOUSTON. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I renew the motion
to reconsider; and that motion is, I presume,
open to debate.
Mr. HOPKINS. How did the gentleman vote?,
He certainly voted in the negative, and is not en- j
titled, theiefore, to make the motion to lecon- i
sider. |
Air. BURNETT. To °;et rid of the point of I
order, 1 move that the vote by which the bill wrts j
laid upon the table be reconsidered; and also move j
that tiie motion to reconsider be laid upon the i
table. ' ;
Air. SMITH, of Illinois. I demand the yeas j
and nays upon the latter motion. " j
The yeas and nays were ordered. ■
The question was taken, and there were—yeas i
89, nays 81); as follows: j
YEAS—Me^is. Abbott. Ahl, Anderson. Andrews. Avery,
Rafk-dale, JJonii.un, JJuj ef, /'tanch, Brvan, Hufhrituti,
Builimrame. Burnett, Ca^kie. Chafiee, Cobb, John Ooch-
)ane, Ilui ton (.'raisje, Crawford, Ctnry, Davi^of Mississippi,
Dawes. JJean, Dodd, Dowdcll, Durfee, Kdie. Cdinundson.
Gannett, Gartudl. CJiddin^, Goodo, Italian, Ilaskin, Hick- j
man. Hopkins, Houston, Jewett, Geoiye W. Jones. Owen j
Jones Keisey, I,each, Lcidy, Leifei, Lefehei, McQueen, !
Mclia<\ Miles. Montgomery,*>Iooie, Mo; an, Moriill, Mur- '
ray, Niblaek. Niehols, <))m, Parkei. Pendleton, Pevton, '
Phillips, Pottei, Pottle, Pmviauce, Reagan, Heiliy. Knffin, !
Sandidge. Sealer. Seott. Se.mmr, Sewaid, Henry M Siiavv^ i
Phoiter, Samuel A. Smith. William Smith, Stallvvoith, '
Stanton, Stephena, Talbot, Miles Taylor. Undei wood, Val- !
landiqharn. Vanee, Walton, White. Whiteley, Winslow, !
Woitendyke. and John V. Wnght—89. |
NAYS--Mes-Mi* Aihain, Atkin^, J?ennet!. Rillirighurst,
P>!ULrliain, Bi>hop, Bh>s, Bowie. Bravton, Hurn«? Case,
Cavau.uigh. Ezia Clark, Iloiace I*'. CI.irk, John B. Glatk,
Clawuon, Claiic B. Coehrane, Coeketill, Colmx, ('oimn^,
Cormna; Covode,(}o\.JamesCr.n?,Curtis,Davidson,Davin
of I/idiana, i)avi« of Massachusetts, Davis of Jowa, Dun-
nnek, Hnglt^h, Farnsworth, Fetuon, Floience, Foley, Fos-
ter. GiUi.-. Gtiman. Gilmer, Goodwin, Granger, Greenwood,
Gives, iiawrenee W. Hall. Robert B. Hall, Ilarns, Hatch,
n.uvkin^, Hoard, flodues Hoiton, Hu\lei,'lvemi, Kellop^,'
Kiliiore. Knapp, John 0. Kunkel. Landy, Lawrence. Love-
joy, M\clav, Siunuel S. Marshall. Mason, Matteson. May-
ii.iid. Naae N, Mom*, Freeman H. Morse, Palmfr, Powell,
Itoblnns, lto\ee, Ka^'-f'll, Aaion Shaw, Jud-on \V. Sher-
nian. Robert Smith, Spinner, James A Stewart, Wifham
Stewart, Tapp<in,Th<wer,Tompkins, \Valbridi e, Waldron,
lilhlni f>. Wa&hbume. Kiael Wa&hbuin, Wdtkinu, Wilson,
Wood-soti, and ZolheoOer— c*!).
Pending the call,
Air. WATKINS said: Air. Speaker, there
seems to be some misapprehension in reference
to this case. My understanding was, that this
claim was for services rendered by this mail ear-
ner 
. Air. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object to debate.
Air. SMITH, of Illinois. If gentlemen will per-
mit me, I will say that I am willing this bill shall
be postponed until the difference between the gen-
tleman from Mississippi and myself can be settled
at the Post Office Department.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object.
Mr. CRAIG, of Alissouri. I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House that the gentleman
from Illinois be permitted to make an explana-
tion of three minutes. 1
Objection was made. !
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative; and \
the motion to reconsider was laid upon the table. !
Mr. CHAFFEE called for the regular ordei of ;
business. ' ;
Air. JONES, of Tennessee. "Were there not ;
two other bills reported from a Committee of the j
Whole Housfe on last Saturdev ? I
The SPEAKER. There were; but they went
to the Speaker's table. The business ttowjrr or-
der is the reception of reports of,a private naiure^
from the Committee on the Militi^ "  
Mr. CHAFFEE. I move thaf the rules l?e sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into a Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar. This is objection day.
Mr. COBB. Let the private bills, upon the!
Speaker's table, first be disposed of.
Mr. STANTON. Is it in order to move to go
to the business upon the Speaker's table? -
The SPEAKER. It is not; the morning hour
has not yet expired. There are half a dozen pri-
vate bills upon the Speaker's table, that ought
perhaps, to be referred.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Air. BOYCE. Mr. Speaker, I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to submit a minority
report in the Nebraska con tested* election case,
and that it be ordered to bo printed. -
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Air. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to eay
that if the motion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts be voted *down, I wiii then move that the
rules be suspended and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, to take up and consider the appropri-
ation bill now pendtng.-
Mr. FLORENCE. I hope not;this is perhaps
the last objection day for the consideration oi
private bills, and the private claimants ought not
to be deprived of it.
Air. HICKMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on Air. Chaffee's motion.  .
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to.
The Mouse accordingly resolved itself into a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, (Mr. Nichols in the chair.)
This being objection day, the committee pro-
ceeded to consider the bills in their order on the
Calendar; when those to which no objection was
made were laid aside, to be reported to the House.
E. GEORGE SQ.UIER.
A bill (TI. U. No. 553) for the relief of E.
George Squier, of New York.
Air. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like to
make an inquiry.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is out of order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Where does the
Clerk begin with the Calendar?
The CHAIRMAN. Where it was left off on
the last objection day.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, objected to the bill.
WILLIAM It. JENNINGS.
A bill (S. No. 29) for the relief of William-K.
Jennings and others. [Objected to by Mr. Mor-
gan.]
BASIL MIGNAULT.
A bill (H. R. No. 523) for the relief of the sur-
viving children of Basil Mignault, an officer of
the revolutionary war.' [Objected to by Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee.]
JOHN ROBE.
A bill (S. No. 194) for the relief of John Robb.
[Objected to by Air. Letcher.]
MICHAEL NOURSE.
A bill (C. C. No. 8) for the relief of Michael
Noursc. [Objected to by Mr. Letcher.]
JOHN ROUB.
A bill (C, C. No. 5) for the relief of John Robb.
[Objected to by Air. Morgan.]
ASBURY DICKINS.
A bill for the relief of Asbury Dickins. [Ob-
jected to by Air. Dean.]
MOSES NOBLE.
A bill (C. C. No. 12) for the relief of Moses
Noble.
Air. AlcaUEEN objected.
Air. TAPPAN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw his objection, and let this bill go to the
House, where the yeas and nays can be called
upon it.
Mr. AlcQ-UEEN. I am opposed to these fishing
bounties, in every possible shape. I insist on my
objection.
