200
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 21,
35th Cqng....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Lamar.
Ho. of Reps.
emanating as it does from one of the acknowl-
edged leaders of the Opposition, in my opinion
demand thorough examination and exposure.
As my object is the development of truth, and
not a mere triumphant reply in debate, I shall
state the ai'guments of the gentleman in the very
language in which he presented them.
In discussing the relative merits of specific and
ad valorem duties, the gentleman says:
" In levying duties for revenue, one of the leading objects
to be obtained is stability—uniformity m the amount of rev-
enue to be derived from them. And it is especially desi-
rable to guard, as far as possible, against the fluctuations of
trade and commerce j to avoid the accumulation of a sur-
plus in times of general prosperity and great commercial
activity, or a deficiency in times or' depression and stagna-
tion m trade and commerce.
" But no invention could be devised better calculated to
aggravate these very evils, than ad valorem duties. When
times are prosperous, and trade and commerce flourishing,
the quantity ot imports is always gicatest, and the prices
highest. Hence the revenues are incieased by the increase
of the price, as well as the quantity of imports. So, on the
other hand, when trade and commeiceare depressed, the
revenue is diminished by the falling off in the amount of
imports, as well as the reduction ot the amount of duties
upon what'is imported."
If, by uniformity of revenue, the gentleman
means a certain invariable amount to be collected
each year, undisturbed by the fluctuations of trade
and the mutations of commerce, he will find that
this "leadmgob)ect"can never be accomplished by
any system of import duties, whether ad valorem
or specific. And, if he makes H a <s controlling
idea," he must be driven to (lie system advocated
by my friend from South Carolina, [Mr- Royce,]
direct taxation; for, sir, them is no provision pos-
sible, in any system of indirect taxation, which
can guard against the reduction of price and the
failing off of imports.at the same time.
The decrease in the importation of dutiable ar-
ticles in 1858 was almost equal, in proportion, to
the depreciations in value of those which were
imported. It could not be less than $80,000,000.
How could specific duties supply such a reduc-
tion in the sources of revenue? I state this fact
merely for the purpose of showing how utterly
visionary is the gentleman's idea about a uniform
and stable revenue.
I do not claim that the revenues would have
diminished last year to the same extent under a
specific tariff. I am not controverting the fact
upon which lie bases his argument against our
present system. It is undeniably true that an ad
valoremduly—that is, a duty in proportion to value
—will vary with the price of the article on which
it is imposed, paying more when the price of the
article is enhanced, and paying less when the
piice of the article is reduced. It is equally true
that a specific duty—that is, a fixed sum laid by
the weight or measure, irrespective of value or
quality—will not rise or fall with the changing
price of the article upon which it is levied.
Thus, suppose the duty to be twenty percent,
upon-a certain article of cloth: when the price
of that article is one dollar, the duty will be
twenty cents, if the pricc of the cloth falls to
fifty cents, the duty is reduced to ten cents.
On the other hand,a specific duty of twenty cents
per yard will, of course, bring in that amount,
whether the price be one dollar or fifty cents. In
the latter cose, however, it becomes a duty of
forty per cent, on the article so taxed.
But that winch the gentleman makes an objec-
tion to the ad valorem system constitutes, in my
judgment, the featuie most to be commended. lie
does not pretend that ad valorem duties are inade-
quate to supply the revenues of the country for
a long series of years. At the end of ten years, for
instance, the amount of revenues brought in by
an ad valorem tariff will be, confessedly, equal
to that brought in by a specific tariff. But the
objection of the gentleman is, that the ad valorem
system fluctuates with the fluctuations of trade;
that in a year of prosperity, when importations
are large, and prices are high, the Treasury, un-
der its operation, is embarrassed with a surplus;
and that, in a year of adversity, when importa-
tions are small and prices are low, the Govern-
ment is embarrassed with a deficiency, and com-
pelled to resort to loans to carry on its operations.
I differ with the gentleman as to what consti-
tutes a uniform and stable revenue system. A
system which, for along series of yeaj-g, will pro-
duce, in the aveiage, an amount sufficient to de-
fray all the expenses of Government, preserves
all the essential requisites of uniformity and sta-
bility. If, in the accomplishment of this lead-
ing object, its principles are so fixed as to gather
m the greatest amount of revenue in seasons of
prosperity, when the resources of the people
are abundant, and their capacity to bear taxation
is greatest; and, on the other hand, lightens the
burdens of taxation and gathers diminished rev-
enues in periods of pecuniary distress, when the
people are unable to buy imported goods either
in large quantities, or at high prices, it is the
more to be commended as a wise, salutary, and
benign system of taxation.
The effect of ad valorem duties is to make the
revenue system of the Government sustain, to the
material condition of the people, the same relation
which the Government itself sustains to the po-
litical opinions of the people; and as the latter
represents in its action the people's sentiment and
judgment, so does the former, become, under ad
valorem duties, the faithful mirror which reflects
the people's wants and necessities.
The Government is thus forced to husband its
resources and curtail its expenditures, just as the
people, from whom its supplies come, are com-
pelled to economize their means and to contract
their expenses. Such a system loses nothing by
a comparison with that rigorous and inexorable
policy which the gentleman and his party are now
seeking to fasten upon the country; a system
which makes Government neglect to increase its
stores in times of prosperity, but throws addi.
tional burdens upon the people in a period of pe-
cuniary distress, when bankruptcy and ruin are
sweeping like a simoon through the country. To
show that such is the true character of the policy
which the gentleman is seeking to intioduce, I
will take the illustration submitted by himself:
"To see how it operates, take the article ot roiled iron
imported ftoin England into the United States in 1352 and
1853. In 1852 we impoited $5,000,036 ewt., at $7,300,016,
or$l 44 per cwt. In J853 we impoited 7,262,558 cwt., at
$14,522,1H6, oi $2 per ewt. Under the tariff of 1846 tlm won
paid a duty of thirty per emit, ad valorem, making an aggiu-
gate ol $2,190,084, of duties paid in 1850; and $4,358,655
in 1853, upon these importation1*!.
" Hill it will bo seen that in 185*2, when the non cost
$1 44 per cwt , the dntv, at thirty per cent., amounted to
forty-thioe and one fifth cents; while in 1853, when it cost
two dollars, per ewt.. the duty was sixty cents per cwt.
u A specific duty of lifty cents por cwt. would, at thece
pi ices, have been about equal to an ail uct/orm dutv of thirty,
por cent. Now, if we had had a specific dutj of filty cents
per ewt. in 1852, when the importation was small, we should
have added $354,082 to the revenue for that year; and m
1W3, when the importation was excessive, we should have
reduced it $725,376."
I want no better illustration of the operations
of that odious system, now proposed by the op-
ponents of the Democratic party, than the one I
nave just quoted. To show its practical work-
ings, the gentlemen) has selected the article of
iron, an article of the greatest and most univer-
sal use, more essential than even tea or coffee or
sugar to all classes. It has been wisely said to
bo the great civihzer,and, in the extentof its use,
is certainly the surest evidence of civilization.
Upon this all-important article, so indispensable
to the working classes; used alike by farmers, me-
chanics, and artizans; by every man who wields
a hammer or delves the earth or plows the soil;
by every wife who prepares the frugal meal for
the household; upon this article, the gentleman
would increase, the burdens of taxation, in hard
tunes, when money is scarce, prices low, and im-
ports small. And he complains of the present
ad valorem tariff, because it lightened the burdens
of taxation upon this article during a period of
adversity and embarrassment, so as to diminish
the revenues of the Government to the amount
of nearly two million dollars! The fact that it
more than makes up this amount in a year of
abundance and prosperity, renders it still more
obnoxious to the censures of the gentleman and
his political associates.
I proceed to the second illustration of the gen-
tleman:
" Take the importation of brown sugar for the years end-
ing June 30, 1857, and June 30,1858; and we find that there
was imported, in 1857, 774,931,815 pounds, which cost
$12,604,094, being five and a half cents per pound, which
paid a duty of thirty per cent.; making $12,784,381 of duties
paid into the Treasury.
>il fn 1858, "the ipiport.Qfthfe-eam^c article was 517,22%624
pounds, which cost $23,317,435, beingiburamlahalf cents
perpound; upon which,at thirty per cent.,the duties would
amount to $6,995,230." ******
"In 1857, therefore, there was ten per cent, more col-
lected than would have been under a specific cluty equal
to the mean rate)for the two years. Ten per cent, upon
$63,876,003is $6,387,600>whieh would leave but $67,488,403;
and to that extent relieve the Treasury of the surplus with
which it was burdened. In 1858, theic was ten per cent,
less collected than there would have been by a specific duty
at the mean rates, which would amount to $4,178,961, and
would have swelled the revenue from customs to the sum
of $45,968,580."
I am willing that the merits of the two systems
may rest upon this single article. To test his
principle, the gentleman has selected an article of
almostuniversal consumption. I hazard nothing
in saying that it is used by every man, woman,
| and child, in my district. I presume it is use'd by
every man, woman, and child,in the gentleman's
district, According to the estimate of his col-
league, [Mr. Cox,] in his able speech on the ac-
quisition of Cuba, the State of Ohio has paid
$6,000,000 into the Treasury, in the form of du-
ties on sugar, since 1847. I presume the gentle*
man's constituents paid their proportional part
of this vast amount; for it is tne only article of
luxury used by the toiling millions of this coun-
try, and it has become an article of prime neces-
sity in the nursery and the sick-room.
The system which the gentleman and his party
are seeking to establish would, according to his
own argument, just quoted, have increased the
taxes upon brown sugar, amounting in the aggre-
gate to $4,178,961 in a year of unparalleled ad-
versity, when bankruptcy and impoverishment
brooded like night^ver the country, and when
thousands upon thousands were strugglingagainst
an adverse current to save themselves and fami-
lies from abject poverty and want.
Sir, what a contrast docs the gentleman's pol-
icy present to the lofty patriotism and enlarged
statesmanship exhibited in the speech of his col-
league, [Mr, Cox,] on territorial expansion. His
colleague enters into a calculation to show how
much his constituents have paid, and are now pay-
ing, upon sugar; and one of the grounds upon
winch he advocates the acquisition of Cuba is,
that it brings to the very door of his people this
article, and the other tropical productions, at
prices cheaper than they are now furnished to
them. But the gentleman to whom I am now re-
plying, urged on by a reckless spirit of fanaticism
against his brethren of the South,seeks not only
to exclude from our limits this fair and teeming
island, but would, by a harsh griping system of
revenue, tax his constituents heavily upon such
articles of necessity as iron and sugar; ay, sir,
and increase the tax in the inverse ratio of the
people's capacity to bear them. And for what?
To bring in more revenue? No, sir; he cannot
say that his system will produce more revenue,
in a series of years, than the ad valorem. He can-
not deny that this latter system, by operating
lightly upon the ppople in hard times and heavily
in prosperous times, supplies the deficiencies of
one year with the surpluses of another. Why
such a difference m political sentiment and action,
between two gentlemen, representing the same
people and similar interests? Mere peculiarities
of individual organization will not explain such a
political phenomenon. It shows that the antag-
onistic principles of the two parties to which they
belong, have struck their roots deeply in the
national* mind, and still exist in undiminished
vitality.
I shall show, before I conclude, that this effort
to reestablish specific duties, has for its object
neither an increase or uniformity of revenue.
Sir, if the consumers could only pay the duty
on sugar with their products, directly to the cus-
tom-house officer, they would realize'how partial
and unjust is this system of specific duties. Sup-
pose wheat to be worth one dollar a bushel, and
sugar to be worth ten cents per pound: then ten
bushels of wheat would buy one hundred pounds
of sugar, free of duty. But say a duty of twenty
per cent, is placed upon sugar: that would be
two dollars off on the one hundred pounds, and
the wheat grower could get but eighty pounds of
sugar for his ten bushels. Now, sir, if hard times
should come, and wheat should fall to fifty cents
per bushel and sugar to five cents per pound, the
twenty, $er cent. ad.valorem duty would be only
tine dollar per hundred weight, a!nd tlife whfeat
