1659.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
§01
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Lamar.
Ho. of Reps.
grower would still get his eighty pounds of sugar
for his ten bushels of wheat. Now, instead of
an ad valorem duty of twenty per cent., let there
be an equivalent specific duty of two centson the
pound of sugar. Then, when wheat falls to fifty
cents and sugar to five cents, the specific tax of
two cents continues to be two dollars per hundred
weight of sugar, and under its operation the wheat
grower will get only sixty pounds of sugar, when,
under the ad valorem tariff, he would have got
eighty pounds. That is, the consumer loses
twenty pounds of sugar by the mere substitution
of a specific for an ad valorem duty. In addition
to the twenty per cent, that he had to pay under
an ad valorem tariff, he must pay twenty percent,
as a bounty to the sugar manufacturer. And right
here is the great merit of ad valorem duties; they
are honest and fair; they impose no greater bur-
den than they seem to impose. They are dem-
ocratic also, falling upon every rank and class of
society equally, and making each pay according
to the value of the iirticle which lie purchases.
The system is based upon equality—" equality of
benefits and equality of burdens." Hence, sir,
in those States in which the Democratic party is
in the ascendant, the a<i valorem principle is gen-
erally observed in $heir taxation. ' •
But I said that I would show the object of this
war upon ad valorem duties. To do this, I have
only to refer to the speech of thegentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Montgomery,] who has just
taken his seat. Indeed, ait the advocates of spe-
cific duties declare their object to be **a little more
protectionI quote again the gentleman from
Ohio:
" The tnrilf of 1857 is a sliding scale against uniformity
in ihe revenue, as well as against protection " * *
* * " Let me illustiate for a moment its operation on
our manufactuies. Suppose railroad iron may be manu-
factured in Birmingham, England, and bioughr to New
Yoik, at forty dollar* per ton, and that it may be manufac-
tured m Pennsylvania at fifty dollars per ton: by a duty of
twenty five percent., winch is equal to ten dollars per ton,
you put the foreign and donn'stie manufacturer upon an
equal footing, and enable them logo into the Ameiican
market in competition, so tan? a* the cost of production re-
mains the same. Hut if the foreign co>t should be latsed to
forty-five dollars, the duly goes up to $11 23, when ihe do-
mestic manufaetuier only needs a duty of five dollars per
ton to aftoid him adequate protection. But suppose the
cost of the foreign article goes down to thitty-fivo dollars:
the duty goes down to $-8 75. and it can he sold, after pay-
ing the duty, at §43 75; and consequently the American
manufactuiei is dnven firmitho matket When he lias the
least need of protection, the duty i> the highest; and when
he lias most need of it, the duty is the lowest."
Ad valorem duties fail to afford protection to the
manufacturer of iron when it is most needed !
Hincill(Z lachymca ! Why, sir, is not that ca-
lamity common to all classes, which makes the
manufacturer " need protection r" And what
right have these manufacturer, through their rep-
resentatives, to demand of this Government any
advantage over the grain growers of the West, or
the cotton planters of the youth, or the meichants
and the mechanics and the farmers of the whole
country, who suffer equally with them from a
decline of prices? lie seems to think that ihe
Government is bound to tax all other classes for
the benefit of the manufacturers; and that that
system of taxation shall be so fixed as to be heavi-
est when those other classes are least able to bear it.
His whole theoiy is wrong. There is, sir, no
" sliding scale5' m an ad valorem tariff, either
against protection or against revenue. A duty of
twenty percent, is the same, whether thfe price
be high or low. Twenty per cent on $100 worth
of iron is $20, whether the price on iron be $-50
or $30 per ton. But you do have " a sliding
scale" in your specific system, with a vengeance.
Suppose, again, that a bushel of wheat, m the
year of abundance, to which the gentleman has
referred, was worth #1, and that iron was worth
$50 perton, the duty beingtwenty percent., which
is equal to $10 per ton: in that case, sixty bush-
els of wheat would buy a ton of iron. But sup-
pose a revulsion comes upon the country, bringing
wheat down to fiftycentsa bushel, and iron to
$25 a ton: the duty is $5; so that sixty bushels of
wheat will still buy a ton of iron. But make this
duty a specific one of $10 a ton; and when wheat
falls to fifty cents a bushel and iron to $25 a ton,
the specific duty remaining at $10, iron will be
worth $35 a ton; so that when the wheat-grower
is suffering most, and is least able to make his
pur'chas'es, it wilt require severity bushels; instead
of sixty, to purchase the same amount of iron.
In other words, in addition to the ten per cent,
which he paid under the ad valorem tariff, he will
be compelled to pay ten bushels more of wheat as
a bounty to the iron manufacturer.
Thus it is, sir, that, in a period of general
distress and suffering, a specific duty, which pur-
ports to be a duty of twenty per cent., becomes,
m reality, a duty of forty per cent. In the gen-
tleman's view, this is all fair and just and right;
because there has been a decline in prices, and
the manufacturer is suffering with hard times.
But mechanics, farmers, merchants, anc* all other
classes of society, must not only suffer from the
hard times, but they must also suffer under the
superadded load of increased Government taxa-
tion for the protection of the manufacturer. Sir,
the planter of (he South suffers from a revul-
sion and needs protection during such a period,
than the manufacturerof the North. At a period
like the one stated, he is compelled to furnish his
laborers with comfortable homes, liberal supplies
of food and raiment, and medical attendance to
those that are sick. But the manufacturer, the
instant he feels the pressure upon him, can dis-
miss his operatives; turn them out, without food,
or raiment, or shelter from the pitiless storm, so
far as he is concerned. He can suspend his busi-
ness until a time when his profits will reach their
former prodigious figure.
Now, sir, suppose the policy reversed. Sup-
pose the agriculturists of my State, when cotton
falls from fourteen to eight cents, and the wheat
and wool growers of the West, when their pro-
ductions fall in like proportion, should claim from
the other classes, and especially from the manu-
facturing class, a bounty sufficient to make up
the deficit: what a yell and howl of rage would
we hear coming from that quarter now so clamor-
ous for plunder ! And this reminds me of are-
mark which I once heard made, characterizing
these two interests. It was, that-the agricultural
interest was like a flock of sheep, which may be
shorn of its fleece without evincing the least re-
sistance, or giving forth the faintest bleat of dis-
tress; and that the manufacturing class was like a
drove of hogs; you cannot pull the bristles of a
single one without throwing the whole herd into
commotion.
Mr. Chairman, imagine, if you can, the dis-
astrous effects of this system of specifics and pro-
tection incorporated into the direct taxation of a
State. Suppose that a specific tax was imposed
on land, so that the most valuable city lot should
pay no more than a sterile field, worth but five
dollars per acre: a certain sum on houses, so that
the palatial residence of a rich nabob should pay
no more than the rude hamlet of the humble day-
laborer. Now, add to this the protective feature.
Let a farmer, who has made his crop of wheat,
say to himself: t£ f will buy cloth with this sack
of wheat for my children's clothes." He goes to
the manufacturer, who offers him fifteen yards of
cloth for his sack of wheat. A manufacturer from
another country, says: "I wiil sell you twenty
yards of cloth for your wheat, because we can
afford to weave cloth cheaper than they can here."
The farmer is ready to close the trade, when the
tax-gatheret approaches, and says: "You may
buy the fifteen yards of the home manufacturer;
but if you buy of this other, you must forfeit
to me six yards of your cloth." He would ex-
claim: " Why should not my little ones have
what the hard-earned product of my labor brings
them?" The reply would be: tf We wish to pro-
tect our home manufacturer from foreign compe-
tition."
Sir, if such a system was enforced in the dis-
trict of the gentleman from Ohio, a consuming
flame of indignation would spread over the entire
country. The principle is the same. The gen-
tleman is advocating a system of spoliation upon
his neighbors, for the benefit of the iron manu-
facturer of Pennsylvania and the sugar planter of
Louisiana. If it were not disguised, if its hideous
features could only be exposed, through the vail
with which it is attempted to conceal them, the
condemnation of his people would fall upon him
like the scathing lightning of heaven. The direct
tendency of the system, its inevitable effect, and
its avowed object, is to conveit this Government
info a vast hiffurance company, for £he purpose
of insuring not the property, but ihe profits and
the income of the manufacturers, at the expense
of every other class of society. For every scheme
hitherto adopted to increase, by positive legisla-
tion, the profits of certain favored branches of
American capital, without, to that very extent,
injuring the other less favored branches, has
proved as fruitless and unavailingas-the attempts
of the daughters of Dsnaus to draw water with
perforated buckets.
I proceed to notice the objections urged by the
gentleman from Ohio, to ad valorem duties. The
gentleman says:
"But there is another evil which attends ad valorem
duties that is more disastrous to the revenue, as well as to
domestic produceis, than the one to which I have alluded.
That is, the frauds that are practiced l>y undervaluation at
our custom-houses."
Now, sir, I shall not repeat the argument show-
ing that specific duties are subject to the same
embarrassment, and that it is just as easy to prac-
tice fraud upon the Government in relation to the
quantity as to the quality of imported goods. I
propose to examine some of the cases cited by
him, to show the existence of those gross frauds
practiced by undervaluation at ourcustom-houses.
I quote from the gentleman's speech:
" The United States reports on commerce and navigation
for 1853-51-55, show an import of 438,650 tons of guano, at
an aggregate value of $1,248,587, or about $3 25 per ten,
while the lowest pi ice paid at the Chincha Islands is from
twenty to twenty five dollars per ton."
This certainly discloses a most appaling dis-
parity between the price as shown by our custom-
house returns, aud the price which the gentleman
says the article actually bears at the Chincha
Islands.
if the gentleman can show that this discrepancy
grows out of ad valorem duties, it will be perhaps
a conclusive proof of his proposition. But, sir,
there is one fact which makes this very example
scatter to the winds all of his arguments based
upon the difference between the amount of articles
imported into this country as shown by our cus-
tom-house returns, and the amount as shown by
foreign custom-house returns. Sir, guano is ew-
tirely free ofdutu. The difference of the price, as
reported here, from what it bears at the Chincha
Islands, if there be any difference, is brought
about by causes totally disconnected with tariff
operations, either ad valorem or specific.- What
these causes are, it is needless to discuss here.
The article of guano is the only one which the
gentleman has selected that bearsa specific price;
all the others are reported at an average price.
This vast falling off in the reported price of an
article having no duty upon it at all, shows that,
if it had been imported subject to duty, and there
had been a necessity for an appraisement, under
oath (and under heavy penalties) by the custom-
house officers, the result would have been dif-
ferent and the disparity not so great.
I quote again from the gentleman:
{% Tables are given, in the Commercial Relations, of im-
ports trom various countries, accotding to our custom-house
returns and the custom house returns of the countries from
which they come,and, in every instance, the amountshown
by the foreign custom house returns greatly cxcceds the
amount shown by ours."
Sir, I am astonished that a gentleman usually
so accurate, should have ventured an assertion
so incautious and erroneous. Why, sir, the doc-
ument from which the gentleman quotes, shows
that the exports from Great Britain to this coun-
try, as stated in their tables, fall far below our
imports from Great Britain, as exhibited in our
tables. By examining the statement of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, sent to this House, ex-
hibiting the value of iron and manufacturers of
iron imported into this country from Great Brit-
ain, it will be seen that the amount, as set forth
in our custom-house returns, exceeds very consid-
erably the amount as shown by the British cus-
tom-house returns. How can the gentleman re-
concile this fact with his unqualified assertion
that, " in every instance, theamountshown by the
foreign custom-house returns exceeds the amount
shown by ours?" Why did the gentleman omit
to mention iron and iron manufactures? That is
the very interest which is clamoring for protec-
tion.
Mr. STANTON. Our custom-house returns
do not show the quantity of every description of
iron. They only show the quantity of some
