1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
823
rofeired the ''memorial of Joseph Menard, praying to Ue
allowed to relocate poitain w&nants lor land granted to the
la to Maiqui^ dc La Fajeite, of winch he is the assignee,"
have had the muuu undei consideration, and adopt and con-
cur ii. the lollowiug it-port heietolore made by this com-
mittee : . _ .
These wan ants were issued under the act of Congress of
180^3. by the Secretary of War, and located under the act
appioved March 27, 1804.
The location ot warrants Nos. 3, 4. and 5, was found to
be upon lands owned by private claimants,tlieir title to
which was ^ub>equeniiy con filmed. These locations, there-
fore, were canceled by the General Land Office.
Subsequent to such location, thviutercst of the Marquis
de La Fayette to the watrants m question was as^gned to
tbnd parties. Theie being no authoiuv to relocate the
said wan ants under the act of lS04.a<tet their fiist location
had been canceled, the legal holders of said wariants made
application to Confess, who, by an act approved Fcbiuary (
•26, 1845, authorized the relocation ol said warrants—thiee, ,
tour, and five—upon any of the unappropnated public S
lands wirhni the State ot Louisiana. Und^r this latter act |
ol Confess the s.ud wairanta weie relocated; and, upon ,
application for a patent, the locations uudei two of said I
warrants—town: numiser^ inui and five—weie canceled
bv the Commissioner ot the Geueiul Land Oflice, on the
giouudthat the land? located were coveied by live-oak
timber, and was theiefore not subject to location.
The petitioner, yielding to the decision of the Commis-
sioner, now a-ks. that, since the locations under these war-
rants have been twice set aside and canceled, he may be
permitted to iclocate the said wairants, numbered tour and
live, upon any ol the public lands of the Untied States.
The act of 1815 would be ample enough toauthonze a
relocation within the State of Louisiana ; but owms? to the
fact that neatly all of the lands in said State have either
been deposed of by the United States, or arc covered by
pnvate claims, the right, therefotc, to relocate "under the
said act would be of no gieat value to the claimant.
The committee are of opinion that justice to the peti-
tions requites the passage of an amendatoiy act, giving
hun the naht to relocate said warrants upon any of the
public land> subject to eale at ptivate entry ; they therefore
report the accompanying bill, and recommend us passage.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was iaid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
ALLEN L. PORTER.
A bill (H. II. No. 587) for the relief of Allen
L. Porter. [Objected to by Mr. Stanton.]
LUCIEN B. ADAMS.
A bill (H. R. No. 588) for the relief of Lucien
E. Adams, executor of James Adams, deceased,
one of the surehes of John S. Roberts, late post-
master at Springfield, Illinois.
The CHAIRMAN stated that there being no
objection, the bill would be laid aside to be re-
ported to the House.
Mr. OLLN. I obiected.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chmr would say to
the gentleman from Now York, [Mt.Olin,] that
the Chair saw him rise and address a sort of in-
quiry to his colleague, [Mr. Morgan*,] but the
Chair did not understand him to object, and there-
fore ordered the bill to be laid aside.
Mr. MORGAN. I saw my colleague rise and
object to the bill. I rose, myself, at the same
time.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair did not hear
the gentleman object, nor see him rise from his
seat.
Mr. MORGAN. He did rise from his seat, i
The CHAIRMAN. That may be so; but the ;
Chair did not see him. The House can have a |
vote on the bill by yeas and nays. !
Mr. MORGAN. I ask whether it is not the j
usual and invariable practice when a gentleman j
rises and is seen by other gentlemen, though not
by the Chair, to recognize his objection ?
The CHAIRMAN. L!y unanimous consent,
the Chair will go back, and recognize the objec-
tion.
Mr. DEWART. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to inquire
whether the gentleman says lie did object before
the bill was laid aside ?
The CHAIRMAN. He does.
Mr. KELSEY. My colleague certainly uid
object to the bill. Perhaps he did not speak loud
enough to be heard by the Chair. .
Mr. OL1N. The conversation which the Chair
heaid'between me and my colleague, took place
subsequeniy to my objection.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would suggest
to gentlemen who object, that they make their
objections audibly.
Air. HOUSTON. What has been done with
the lull;
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair entertains the
objection. The Clerk will report tile next bill.
samuel h. woodson.
Joint resolution (No. 33) for the relief of Sam-
uel H. Woodson. {Objected to by Mr. Hick-
man.] .
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I hope objection
will be withdrawn. This resolution makes no
appropriation. It merely orders a settlement.
Objection was not withdrawn.
john scott and others.
A bill (S, No. 118) for the relief of John Scott,
Hill W. House, and Samuel O. House. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Letcher.]
JOHN KELLY.'
A bill (H. R. No. 589) for the relief of John
Kelly. .
The bill remits the fines heretofore imposed by
the Postmaster General against John Kelly, con-
tractor for carrying the mail on routes Nos. 7330
and 7331 in the-State of Mississippi, because of
his abandonment of his contract, and directs the
sum of $660, due him at the date of his forfeiture,
to be paid to him, in full of his claim against the
Government, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated.
The report shows the facts to be, that John
Kelly, 011 the 1st of July, 1834, entered into a con-
tract with the Post Office Department to carry the
mail on routes Nos. 7330 and 7331, in the Slate
of Mississippi, from the 1st of July, 1851, until
the 30th of June, 1858; that he performed the ser-
vices until the 31st of March, 1857, at which time
ho abandoned the contract. It further shows that
at that time the Department was indebted to the
said John Kelley in the sum of &GG0, for the want
of which he was unable to pay for the keeping of
his horses and rider; that for this abandonment
the Department fined the memorialist the sum of
$1,008 72. ,
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that ft do pass.
J. W. NYE.
A bill (1-1. R. No. 590) for the relief of J. W.
Nye. [Objected to by Mr. Letciier.]
GIDEON WALKER.
A bill (Ii. R. No. 591) for the relief of Gideon
Walker. [Objected to by Mr. Letchee.]
ABRAHAM LIVINGSTON'S HEIRS.
A bill (H. R. No. 593) for the relief of the
heirs of Abraham Livingston. [Objected to by
Mr. Letciier.]
ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY.
A bill (S. No. 30) for the relief of Elizabeth
Montgomery, heir of Hugh Montgomery. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Letcher.]
LOUIS MARNAY.
A bill (H. R. No. 593) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Captain Louis Marnay.
[Objected to by Mr. Leiter.]
PIERRE AYOTT.
A bill (H. R. No. 594) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Captain Pierre Ayott, a
revolutionary officer. [Objected to by Mr. Mor-
i GAN.]
JAMES BELT-
I A bill (II. R-. No. 595) for the relief of the
I heirs or legal representatives of James Bell, late
1 of Chambly, in the Province of Lower Canada,
' deceased. [Objected to by Mr. Murray.]
HARRIET DE LA PALM BAKER.
A bill (H. R. No. 596) for the relief of the chil-
dren of the late Mrs. Harriet de la Palm Baker,
deceased, daughter and les^al heir of the laU'Cm-
onel Frederick Weissenfils, of the army ot the
Revolution. [Objected to by Mr. Letciier.]
GERARD WOOD.
A bill (H.R. No. 537) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Gerard Wood, de-
ceased. [Objected to by AXr. Joxes} of Ten-
nessee.! . ,
Mr. BOWIE. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
JOHN DENMAN AND GEORGE TOWNLY.
A bill (H. R. No. 598) for the relief of the legal
| representatives of John Denman and George
Townly. [Objected to by Mr. Jones, of Tennes-
see.]
general william thompson.
A bill (H. R. No. 599) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Brigadier General William
Thompson. [Objected to by Mr. Olin.]
john mandeviele's representatives.
A bill (H. R. No. 600) for the relief of the legal
representatives of John Mandeville, deceased.
[Objected to by Mr. Stanton.]
robert Paul's heirs.
■ A bill (H. R. No. 601) for the relief of the heirs
of Robert Paul, a soldier of the Revolution. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Letcher.]
colonel philip johnston's children.
A bill (H. R. No. 602) for the relief of the or-
phan children of Colonel Philip Jolmston. [Ob-
jected to by Mr. Letcher.]
barnt de klyn's heirs.
A bill (II. R. No. 603) for the relief of the
heirs of Barnt De Klyn, deceased. [Objected to
by Mr. Letcher.]
john G. sewell.
A bill (H. R. No. 604) for the relief of John Gr.
Sewell. [Objected to by Mr. Morgan.]
new mexico land claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 605) to confirm certain land
claims in the Territory of New Mexico. [Ob:
jected to by Mr. Stanton.]
MRS. AMBROISE BROU.
A bill (S. No. 276) for the relief of Mrs. Am-
broise Brou, of the parish of St. Charles, State of
Louisiana.
The bill confirms Mrs. Ambroise Brou,*f the
parish of St. Charles, Louisiana, in her title to
lot or section six, township twelve south, range
twenty east, and lot or section ten, in township
thirteen south, range twenty east, in that State;
those lands being the unconfirmed half of a tract
of nine arpents twenty-six toises front, by eighty
arpents in depth, the other half of which was con-
firmed to Ambroise Brou by the act of Congress of
February 23, 1853, and is fully described in the
report of the register of the land office for the east-
ern district of Louisiana, dated January 6, 1821;
provided that this act shall not affect the right,
title, or claim of any third person, but shall be
construed simply as a quit-claim by the United
States of any title in and to the tract of land.
-It appears from the report, that Pierre Brou had
been, 111 the year 1791, already forty years in pos-
session of a tract of land of ten arpents front by
eighty in depth, which, at his death, became the
property of his sons, Ambroise and Jacques Brou,
who, after ajoint possession of a number of years,
divided it in 1816. In 1820, Ambroise Brou pre-
sented his half for confirmation, which wasgranted
by act of Congress of 1823, confirming the report
made by commissioners on 6th January, 1821.
In 1826, Jacqucs sold his half to Seraphin Brou,
and Seraphin lesold to Ambroise in 1830, so that
Ambroise became owner of the whole tract. It
now appears that, whilst Jacques was owner of
the one half of said tract, he neglected to apply
for its confirmation, and the tract is now placed
on the maps recently made by the land office as
public lands.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
benjamin e. edwards.
A bill (S. No. 186) to confirm the title of Ben-
jamin E. Edwards to a certain tract of land m
'the Territory of Now Mexico.
Mr MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I move to
amend the bill by adding the following proviso:
PtorUei, That the patentto j>e issued shall expressly re-
serve all light of pueblos or individuals to the use of salt
lakcb and salmas within paid boundaues, for the purpose of
manufacturing salt for domestic use.
Mr. REAGAN. I hope the gentleman will not
insist'011 that amendment, as it is provided for
specifically m another part of the bill.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I under-
stand that, under the law as established by Spam,
all salt lakes and salines were left for public use;
that it is a matter of great consequence m that
part of the country; and that the intent qt this
bill 13 to monopolize 8. Bait lake by connt miflg an.
