824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
individual claim to it. When we issue the pat-
ent confirmatory of that grant—and I doubt
whether any such grant ought to be confirmed—
we take away from the people and subject to in-
dividual use what has heretofore, in the history
of the country, all along been known as intended
for public use, and to which everybody had a
right in common.
Mr. REAGAN. The land here to be convoyed
to Edwards, is in the territory which was ceded
by Texas to the Government of the United States,
under the compromise act of 1850. It was land
which was subject to the jurisdiction of, and
belonged to, the State of Texas, unless it had
been previously appropriated by some individual.
While in that condition, and before the land was
conveyed, Edwards had the land surveyed, and,
by the laws of Texas, a title, nearly equal to one
derived by grant, was obtained; becausehe could
maintain an action of ejectment upon it.
Now, it is not certain that he did not derive all
the title which he needs under the adjudications
of the Supreme Court; but to clear him of all that
difficulty, he desires the Government to relinquish
its title. His was an inchoate title at the time of
the transfer of the territory, and it is maintained,
and perhaps upon principle, that the General Gov-
ernment should provide for the perfection of this
inchoate title. He had an imperfect title before,
one under which he had performed all that was
required of him,exceptthe obtaining a grant. He
now desires the Government to relinquish its title,
reserving the rights of all other persons; so that
if the pueblos had a title, it is reserved under the
bill. But the laws of Spam, to which the gentle-
man from Kentucky referred, had no application.
Mr. STANTON objected to the bill.
JEHU UNDERWOOD.
A bill (S. No. 129) to provide for the final
settlement of the land claim of the heirs of Jehu
Underwood, in Florida.
The bill provides that the claim and title, de-
rived fiom the Spanish Government, of Jehu
Underwood to land, in the State of Florida, shall
be received and adjudicated by the judge of the
district court of the northern district of Florida,
upon the petition of the claimants, according to
the forms, rules, and regulations prescribed to
the judge of the court and to the claimants by
former acts of Congress, in similar claims made
and provided, and in the same manner, m every
respect, it would have been received and adjudi-
cated in the court, had the claim been heretofore
presented in the superior court of the Territory
of Florida within the time pi escribed by the sev-
eral acts of Congress for presenting the same
thereinforconfirmation; and if the samo be found
valid, that the district court shall enforce tho lo-
cation thereof upon the same rules and regulations
as have been exercised towards other mill grants
in Florida.
The report states that the petitioners having
changed the prayer of the petition from a con-
firmation of their title, for authority to assert their
claim befote the district court for the northern
district of Florida, present a question differing
from the original one for consideration. The
petitioners claim title to sixteen thousand acres,
being a square of five miles, and being what is
known asa " mill grant" in the State of Florida.
This claim, together with another claim for six
hundred acres of land for cultivation, was pre-
sented to the commissioners appointed to adjust
private land claims in the then Territory of Flor-
ida, who, on the 27th of September, 1825, ren-
dered the following decision:
" The board find the above to tie a valid Spanish conces-
sion, the condition4' to which have been complied with ; but
as tue quantity ot land is undefined by it, and the royal title
confirming and ascei taming the quantny is dated alter the
24th Januaiy, 1818, they report it to Gongre&s for dcc^ion."
This decision is headed, "Jehu Underwood vs.
The United States, for six hundred acres of land."
(See American State Papers, Public Lands, vol-
ume 4, page 484.) But as the petition of Jehu Un-
derwood asked for six hundred acres for cultiva-
tion, and the concession grants six hundred acres
for that purpose to the petitioner, the above de-
cision would not apply to this concession, since
they say "the quantity of land is undefined,"
and,therefore,must have been in reference to the
" mill grant."
In December, 1825, the said commissioners
mude a report thereon, (American State Papers,
Public Lands, volume 4, page 285,) which is
headed " Report No. 6." " Register of claims de-
rived from the Spanish Government by written evi-
dence undefined in quantity, and are ascertained
to be valid, and which are recommended to Con-
gress for confirmation.J' In this report, the claim I
I of Jehu Underwood is in the name of John Under-
; wood, and it shows the claim to have been founded
j upon a concession dated 20th day of May, 1805,
and undefined in quantity. The date of the mill
• grant is the same as that mentioned in the above
j report, to wit, the 20th of May, 1805, and is un-
! defined in quantity; whilst the grant for cultiva-
i tion is dated the 18th of May, 1818, and is for a
I defined quantity, to wit: six hundred acres. It is
conclusive, therefore, that this decision and re-
port is upon the claim of Jehu Underwood to the
land comprised within five miles square, that
being the usual grant for the erection of a mill.
There were two concessions for the erection of
this mill—the first, dated May 20, 1805, and the
second was in the nature of a confirmation, dated
May 16, 1818. It is to this latter date that the
I commissioners refer in their decision, when they
; say: "The royal title confirming and ascertain-
ing the quantity is dated after January 24, 1818.
Under all the circumstances in this case, the
committee, without expressing an opinion upon
its merits, and in conformity to the wishes of the
petitioners, report a bill, which provides that the
claimants may assert their rights before the dis-
trict court of the United States for the northern
district of Florida.
Mr. BENNETT. I move to amend the bill so
as to provide that the grants shall go to the pur-
chasers as well as to the heirs—whichever may
be decided to be entitled to it.
Mr. SAND1DGE. There is no objection to
that amendment.
Mr. LETCHER. I sec that this claim was re-
ported upon adversely in the Senate, in the Thir-
ty-Third Congress. Does the gentleman from
Louisiana know upon what ground that adverse
report was based ?
Mr. SANDIDGE. I cannot answer that ques-
tion.
Mr. HAWKINS. I will sayto the gentleman
from Virginia that there are two or three claim-
ants of this same name.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
OLIVIER LANDRY.
A bill (S. No. 80) for the relief of the heirs
and legal representatives of Olivier Landry, of
the State of Louisiana.
The bill confirms tho heirs and legal represent-
atives and assigns of Olivier Landry in their title
to a errtain tract of land situated in township ten
.south, lange five east, m the southwestern district
of Louisiana, containing two hundred and thnty
acres and eighty-four hundredths of an acre, being
tin* tract zn the township-map of said township
mai k'cd forty-nine, bounded on om* side by a tract
belonging to the heirs of Rene Trahan, and on
the other by land formerly confirmed to Olivier
Landry; provided that the act shall only be con-
strued as a relinquishment of any title that the
United States may have to the lands, and shall
not affect any title that any third person may have
m and to the lands.
The report sets forth that, in 1787, Olivier Landry
petitioned the Governor General of the province
of Louisiana to grant him, on the Bayou Tortue,
five arpents of land, " more or less, if it could be
found," bounded below by Rene Trahan, and on
the other side by Ciaude Broussard, with the or-
dinary depth; the quantity to be ascertained by
the surveyor of the King. In accordance with the
prayer of the petitioner, Estevan Miro, Governor
of Louisiana, issued, on the 2d January, 1788, an
order of survey, directed to Cailos Zavan Tru-
deau, which, accompanied by the petition, was
filed, in tho year 1812, by the said Olivier Landry,
in order to establish his claim, with the register
and receiver of the land office at Opelousas, then
acting as commissioners on claims for lands in the
western district of the State of Louisiana, under
an act of Congress approved 10th March, 1812.
But in the notice of the claim filed before the regis-
ter and receiver, the words " more or less" were
omitted, and the claim was favorably reported for
" two hundred superficial arpents, five arpents
front by forty deep, situated on the Bayou Tor-
tue, in the county of Attakapas, bounded on one
side by land of Rene Trahan,and on the other by
that of Claude Broussard." Inconsequence of
this ciror upon the part of the claimant, the above-
stated action of the registei aud receiver, and its
confirmation by Congress m the year 1819, the
surveyor general of the United States for Louisi-
ana refused to put the purchasers under Landry
in possession of more than five arpents front, by
forty deep, as will appear by the following com-
munication from him to C. J. Cabell, deputy sur-
veyor, St. Martinsville, Louisiana:
Surveyor General's Office,
Donaldsonville, Louisiana, March 30, 185o.
Sir: A few days since, Governor A. Mouton represented,
in person, to this office that you had surveyed the claim of
Olivier Landry, (R. & R. report, No. 40, in T. 10S.,R.5E.,)
with a front ot five arpents only ; and having bounded it be-
low by the claim of Joseph Landry, (R. & R. No. so
as to include the buildings upon the tiact, had left an inter-
vening space between tins claim and that of Rene Trahan,
(A. 1,231.) which you would survey as public land, and re-
turn wholly or in part as swamp, mm mat to the State. Such
a proceduie, he alleged, would be injunous to lum and
oiheus, not only because of its requiring the purchase of
lands ro whirl) the United States had, m hiss opinion, no title,
but also because of its affotchng an opportunity to otheis to
enter the lands winch he and his copiopnetors have long
held m possession; and he therefore prayed that instruc-
tions should be given to you to survey the whole space be-
tween the reai line of Rene Trahan and the upper side of
Joseph Landry,for the claim of Ohviei Landry, regardless
of the liOtH which it would thus receive. To s-us=tnin his
wish, he submitted the requeue of Landty, dated 27th Au-
gust, 1787. (copy inclosed,) and the usual oidei of survey
thereupon i-oued.
The requeue desciibed the tract sought as having a front
of " five aipents, more or les*," " it it could be found,"
bounded below by Ilene Trahan, and on the other side by
" Claude Broussard " But m the notice ot the claim, filed
before the legistei and receiver,the saving words "more
or less" were omitted, and the hont prayed was confined
to five aipents ; and to this extent tmlj ha?< it been favor-
ably repoited. corifitmed, and Mirvejed by you properly.
But in view ot the long tenure oi Governor Mouton and
otheis, maintained under a succession ot bona fide sales,
daring b.u-k many year-*, made by Olivier Landiy and Ins
vendees, in full belief that thev were the leeogmzed owners
of the whole front between the lines- ofTrahan and Bious-
said, T am of opinion that the intervening sp.iee between
the upper line of Olivier Landry, as surveyed bv you. and
the back line of Rene Trahan, should not be subdivided and
reported as public lands; but that it should be iepre entod
as "claimed by Olivier Landry,'* without aligning any
title to it. as is U'-nal in sucli cases when tracts have long
been held a>piivate propeitv, although n'o confirmation can
be iound tor them. This would leave the claimants of the
uaet to s.eek ftom the legi-lativc bianch of the Government
the recognition ot the validity of the ciann to which its
equity tully entitles it. * x * * * *
Ilc.-pccuuily, youi obedient servant,
W. .T. MoCUtjLOH,
Surveyor General of Louisiana.
C. J. Cabell, E«q.,
Deputy Surveyor, St. Martinsville, Louisiana.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
SYLVESTER TIFFANY.
A bill (II. R. No. 606) for the relief of Syl-
vester Tiffany.'
The bill dnects the Secretary of the Interior to
cause a warrant to be granted and issued to Syl-
vester Tiffany, a private in the war of 1812, for
one hundred and sixty acres of land, which war-
rant may be located by him, or Ins heirs or assigns,
upon any of the public lands of the United States
subject to private entry; and upon the return of
such certificate or warrant, with evidence of the
location having been legally made, to the Gen-
eral Land Office, a patent shall issue therefor.
From the report, it appears that the petitioner
volunteered at Buffalo, JNew York, in the war of
1812, with adetaciiment of militia under the com-
mand of Captain (or Major) Cyrcnus Chapin, of
Buffalo; that said detachment, with others, was
placed under the command of General P. B. Por-
ter, and crossed over into Canada, and engaged
in battle with the enemy at a place called the
<{ Sign of the Black Horse,"about five miles from
Clueenston, in Canada; that in the battle Tiffany
was severely wounded, and was taken prisoner—
as were also General Porter and others—and was
taken to Burlington and kept a prisoner for sev-
eral months, when he effected his cscape from the
enemy, that, in conscqucnce of the injuries he
received in battle, he was placed on the invalid
pension roll at the rate of ninety-six dollars a year;
that Tiffany has never received the bounty land
to which he was entitled 'in consequence of his
services and wounds; that he made application for
the same to the proper department of the Govern-
ment, which application was refused upon the
ground that'his name did not appear upon the roll.
