1859]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
203
35th Cong....2d Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Hatch.
Ho. of Reps.
of high tariffs. We can issue Treasury notes,
with the full assurance that our present system
will, in a time of prosperity, bring us revenue suf-
ficient to meet the current expenses of that period,
and secure the redemption of our notes besides.
This is manifest from the argument of our oppo-
nents, that it gives us a deficiency in times of ad-
versity, and a surplus in times of prosperity.
Those of us who take this position are called
factious and pragmatical. ' The gentleman who
has just taken his seat, says that my friend from
Virginia [Mr. Garnf.tt] is fighting under a sec-
tional banner and on a sectional platform. Sir,
no platform is sectional whose principles are na-
tional. For one, I thank the gentleman from Vir-
giniafor the unconquerable intrepidity with which
he has battled for economy and retrenchment. In
defending the Constitution of the country and the
rights of the people against the rapacious demands
of the mercenary capitalists from the manufac-
turing States, he is but carrying out principles
embodied in the platform of the national Democ-
racy—a platform which forbids the General Gov-
ernment to foster one branch of industry to the
detriment of any other, and makes it the duly of
every branch of Government to enforce and prac-
tice the most rigid economy in conducting our
public affairs.
Let our opponents make the issue. I feel that
I can speak for the high-minded, generous, and
open-hearted planters and farmers and mechanics
of the young and glorious Commonwealth of Mis-
sissippi. They ask for no protection in the shape
of Government bounties; no advantages resulting
from a violation of the Constitution; no benefits
which they would not'see freely administered to
all, and no exemption from that equal portion of
public burden which it is their duty to bear. They
are ready to stand, shoulder to shoulder, hand to
hand, and heart to heart, with their Democratic
brethren of the North and of the mighty West,
who, friends of free trade, honest legislation, and
constitutional liberty, are determined to bring back
the Government to itsoriginal purity, simplicity,
and economy. *
RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENTS.
SPEECH OF HON. I. T. HATCH,
OF NEW YORK,
In "the House of Representatives,
Februanj 21,1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. HATCH said:
Mr. Chairman: The bill making appropriations
for the improvement of harbors and rivers has
been before the Committee of the Whole since
almost the commencement of this Congress. Yet
there has been no action upon it, and there can be
none without the minority consents. Its title
should be, as I will show from the report of the
Committee on Commerce, a bill to preserve the
improvements commenced for harbors and rivers.
The bill proposes to appropriate, under this re-
strictive rule, $1,479,861. This, sir, m brief, is
the amount of this bill; and the character of the
appropriations is for repairs of public works of
great necessity for the preservation of property
and life on the northern lakes. It proposes no
new work; and, to use the language of the report,
it proposes to prevent from " suffering through
ntglect the sacrifice of the millions already ex-
pended. "
I should remark here, that most of the harbors
upon our northern lakes are artificial, not formed
by natural indentations in the coast, like those of
the Atlantic. The storms and waves are con-
stantly wearing or sweeping them away. They
can only be preserved by annual repairs. For
seven years the Government has neglected these
necessary repairs, and there is now scarcely one
of this class of harbors but what is in a state of
decay and dilapidation, and dangerous to enter.
As the Representative of a constituency deeply
concerned in the commerce of our inland seas,
the canals and rivers of this country, my duty is
to make efforts in behalf of these appropriations,
although they maybe now unavailing. As one
Of the Representatives also of the State of New
York, I am bound to urge their consideration; 1
for no State presents such geographical relations '
to this Confederacy as that State. Whilst it is j
bounded on the east by the shores of the At- 1
lantic, its western boundary is washed by the s
waters of Lake Champlain, river St: Lawrence, i
Lake Ontario, river Niagara, and Lake Erie. In ;
its center the Hudson flows to the ocean through ;
the only natural opening channel in the mountain
ridges of the Alleghanies on this continent, and ,
thus connecting, by the Erie canal, with our in- j
land seas, makes a water line of internal naviga- j
tion penetrating almost three thousand miles into j
the interior of the continent. Hei city of the j
lakes is the natural inlet of its vast commerce, !
and her metropolitan city on the Atlantic is its i
natural outlet. !
I was glad, sir, to have the memorial of the
Canal Hoard, which is composed of the financial J
officers of that State, the other day presented, de- 1
monding these appropriations as rights. The i
views in that paper were fully corroborative of !
those I urged upon this House at its last session. '•
The members of that most important board, un- !
derourState constitution,united in this memorial.
Tins was followed by concurrent resolutions of
the Legislature of the State, demanding these
appropriations as rights. I believe they all ex-
pressed the sentiments of the people of that State,
which now has a population equal to half of all
the States in this Union. Upon this question
they could not well divide, for inland commerce
has made her metropolis the shipper, factor, and
banker of the Union. Still, sir, no State in this
Union has contributed so large a share through ;
her canals, her railroad system, and' the enter-
prise o/ her citizens, to create and develop this
internal commerce. The State of New York
does not come here as a suppliant for national j
favor; her lines of railroads and canals, which
connect the Atlantic with our inland seas, cost
more than one hundred and fifty million dollars;
and in opening the boundless prairies and vast :
wildernesses of the Northwest to the immigra-
tion which crowded your Atlantic cities, she
made a national expenditure for the general wel-
fare. She pays annually into the Treasury over
forty millions of revenue from her collection dis-
tricts on the Atlantic, and from her collection
.districts upon the lakes has paid into the Treas-
ury, from 1837 to 1855, $2,084,745, (when duties
were mostlyabolished on the northern frontier by
the reciprocity treaty,) against an expenditure by
the General Government of $965,429; and has
also paid for public works on the lakes in that
State, $409,773. While this latter money ia a
just claim on the Government, and which will
have to be paid in time, she now only asks as a
right that the national Government should dis-
charge its constitutional duties in improving the
extended line through these lakes of the inland
commerce, which is the source and foundation of
the foreign commerce of the nation.
I am aware, sir, that, in the accelerated move-
ment of property by railroads for the last few
years, the people of this country begin to look
with distrust and indifference upon our water
lines of inland navigation; but if any wisdom has
been recently learned fi om the financial disasters,
it is the fact that rivalry to them, however fa-
vored by corporate prerogatives, has failed, and
the people of the State of New York are again
hastening to complete their Erie canal enlarge-
ment as the only reliable way to restoi*e their lost
supremacy in the carrying trade of the West, and
as the greatest democratic instrumentality in dif-
fusing equally and equitably the elements of
wealth among the people, and protecting their
immense traffic from the dominion of monopolies.
I can scarcely suppose, sir, at this day, there j
can be found many defenders of that artificial line j
between interior and. exterior commerce, which
excluded the immense trade of our lakes from the
the care of our national Government. The tidal
theory which tested the constitutionality of this
class of appropriations by the saline qualities of
the water whose navigation they were intended
to improve, fresh or salt, has been exploded by
the courts. Congress has extended over our in-
land seas the whole body of maritime laws, and
the highest courts declared their commercc iden-
tical in feature and substance with the -foreign
j commerce. (Act of Congress, 1845, and 12 How-
; aid's Report of the Supreme Court of the United
| States, pages 443, 453.) Every sanction with
I which law and judicial decisions could justify the
constitutional right of these appropriations,, has
been e:iven; and all sustained by the practice of
the Government, almost since us organization,
under the Administrations of Jefferson, Madison,
Monroe, Adams, Jackson, Van Buren, Tyler,
and Fillmore. And why, sir, should not this be
so? The interior commerce is the source of our
national wealth. Appropriations for its protec-
tion can be vindicated either as a question in
finance, revenue, equal right, or of humanity.
The staple articles of the South, for the last three
years, have been exported in increased quanti-
ties and values, and still our revenues have de-
clined, and are declining. The source of this de-
cline is only found in the internal commerce of
the country. I will refer to only one of ou* in-
land channels, the Erie canal, to establish this
position. I have only the returns of the move-
ment of property there for 1856 and 1857, which
are as follows:
1656. 1857. Decrease
Value $208,418,441 $122,206,259 $86,212,182
The influence of this decrease is shown upon
our imports in the fiscal year ending June 1858,
when our imports decreased about the same
amount, ($92,000,000.) Imports, 30th June, 1857,
$294,000,000; 1858, #202,000,000. Comparative
statements, in former periods of financial revul-
sions in our history, will show the same result.
Artificial causes may for a time affect the natural
movement of inward and outward commerce, un-
duly depress the one, or elevate the other; but
this cannot long continue, as supply and demand
control both, and soon produce an equilibrium.
This falling off of these millions in our inland
commerce, shows where the revenues come from.
When consumption stops, imports stop. The
agricultural millions live in our lake States and
upon our western rivers. More than half the
white population, according to the census of 1850,
is in these States, and this proportion has been
largely increased by immigration, as the census
of 1860 will show. They are the consumers, and
pay over two thirds of the revenues. Wh£n con-
sumption diminishes with them, the revenues di-
minish. Inland commerce and inter-State com-
merce far exceed the foreign commerce of this
country. As I desire to rely on official state-
ments, T refer you,sir, to the statistics furnished
to this House by the Committee on Commerce,
in 1856, (No. 316, vol. 3, page 9.) They are as
follows:
COMMERCE OF THE LAXE3.
n . , • . Tonnage entered Value of import
and cleared. and exports.
Buffalo 3,330.232 $303,023,000
Cuyahoga 1.782^493 162,1*55,640
Sandusky.....  - 59,966,000
Mauroee 1,034,644 94,197,000
Chicago 3,632,000 233,878,000
Detroit   1,538,000 140,000,000
Milwaukee  35,000,000
Oswego 1,607,000 146,235,000
This shows the commerce of the lakes, ex-
clusive of the freight and passenger trade, to be
$587,197,320.
The statistics are confirmed by the reports from
Colonel Abert, Andrews 'sColonialTradejamd Col-
onel Graham, officer in charge of the topograph-
ical service of the northern lakes. Now, sir, any-
governmental aid, which improves or extends these
facilities of this interior commerce, must extend
the area of production as well as of consumption,
and serve tne double purpose of increasing com-
merce and revenue. Immigration crowds always
the lines of inland transportation, whether arti-
ficial or natural. Every facility added to itmust
add to the revenue, as every acre of prairie
which the pioneer turns over with his plow, or
forest that he fells with his ax, and subjects to
cultivation, adds to national wealth in increasing
the production and consumption of the country.
It is the combination of these fundamental ele-
ments in political economy which enter into and
create the foreign commerce of a nation. 1 should
add hero, for 1 wish to fix the attention of the
country upon the precise sections of the Union
to which you are now looking for relief to your
Treasury, that, if the revenues of this .Govern-
ment are to be increased by a tariff, th&t in-
