204
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Hatch.
Ho. or Reps.
crease must foil on (he Northwest to pay. The i
gentlemen of the South boast of their prosper- !
ity. You do not expcct anything from that sec-
tion of the Union. The South la now overflow-
ing with all the means that stimulate consump-
tion. Consumption is at its maximum in the
South and at its minimum in the North. It is,
then, in the denser and depressed laboring pop-
ulations of-the North that you expect to stimu-
late consumption, instead of waiting its healthy
growth, through the slow, sure processes of na-
ture. It is in this way you expect to increase
your imports and your revenues. Yes, these in-
creased burdens are to be imposed on the free
and independent labor of the agricultural millions
of these neglected sections of the Union—upon
their consumption and production. This unequal
and unjust legislation may, sir, continue forsome
time longer; but the time ia not remote when the
Northwest will be, from its increased political
power, commanding in these Hails, where .it is
now only pleading hopelessly for its just and equal
righ ts.
But, sir, there are considerations involved here
higher than mere financial questions. There are
equal and constitutional rights violated, and this
class of consumers and producers are suffering
wrongs which this Government has the power
and ought to redress. Upon them falls the bur-
dens of this Government, and through its neglcct
the cost of their articles of consumption is in-
creased, and the value of their productions dimin-
ished. I will refer to only one of the many ap-
propriations in this bill, to show the injurious
influence of Government neglect upon them. I
refer again to Colonel Graham's report for some
figures He gave the value of property, passing
during the season of 1855, over St. Clair flats,
at $259,721,455. He estimated the increase of
freights, owing to the unimproved condition of
the river, at $2,0G4,276; and the loss to the agri-
cultural interests on their produce and necessary
articles of consumption, $1,376,184. (Senate Doc-
uments, pages 13 and 15.)
1 will also add from the report of the Committee
on Commerce, volume 3, page 24, 1856, for loss,
towing, lighterage, damages by detention on St. ;
Clan fiats, $660,146 56, annually.
Although the St. Clair river is the national gate-
way of our continental seas, and its improvement
or obstruction aflbris our inland navigation from
Lake Superior to the Atlantic, yet every unim-
proved harbor or neglected work, through the
whole lake regions, operates in the same way,
only liinUed in the extent of its injurious influ-
ence. If these figures and statements are true,
how can the continued neglect of this Govern-
ment be justified ? For Ike result if, to compel tin*
consumer to paij dearer and bell cheaper. This is
the very class, too, from whose toil millions are
annually exacted to protect the foreign commerce
of the country, while not a dollar is given to
facilitate and cheapen inland commerce,in which
they are so largely interested.
No portion of the globe, sir, presents $yjch a
succession of magnificent rivers,or such a chain
of inland seas. Upon them has grown up, noise-
lessly, an inland commerce, which, in magnitude,
surpasses any m the eastern empires of the world.
Yet, sir, 1 repeat, for seven years no general ap-
propriation has been made to improve these in-
land channels of commerce; not a dollar been
granted even to preserve the public works from
destruction which cost millions to establish. If
there is economy or justice in this, I would like
gentlemen of this House to give facts and figures
in their vindication; something more than consti-
tutional abstractions. We have yearly placed
before us official accounts and estimates of dam-
ages done to our harbors by the action of the
waves and the storms, and the estimates of the
cost of the necessary repairs; and what attention
does all this grievous list of dilapidated public
works on our northern lakes receive ? NoneatalL
Worse than this, a proposition is now before
the Senate to withdraw, or shirk off, the appropri-
ations of the few thousand dollars which the Gov-
ernment has heretofore annually granted for light-
houses on our northern lakes. Yes, it would
seem that they are even willing to extinguish the
beaeon-h^hts that now serve the useful purposes
of warning the mariner from the dilapidated har-
bors, or aid to guide them around the dangers
which charts or buoys may indicate, whilst noth-
ing is done to remove the cause of the dangers, or
increase the safety of inland navigation, toucan
appropriate small sums to erect a light-house or a
pier, but nothing to preserve the pier. You can ap-
propriate for charts that indicate the necessity for
deepening a channel, but nothing to deepen a chan-
nel for the convenience of vessels of commerce or
war. This is the wisdom and humanity of mod-
ern legislation! Happy Republic, to have a
people so submissive under it! They cannot re-
trench appropriations for improvements for rivers
and harbors; for, where nothing has been given,
nothmgean be taken away. Lights, buoys,and
lake charts—these small and only remaining ev-
idences of any governmental care of inland navi-
gation—would no longer be spared, if they were
not placed in the class of genera! appropriations,
where a minority cannot rule them out.
None doubt, 1 think, that Congress, under the
Constitution, is fully empowered to regulate com-
merce and navigation. The exercise of this power
is necessary for protection of property on the
rivers, lakes, and ocean. Its execution is also
demanded by a higher and a more sacred obliga-
tion. The appropriations asked for are necessary
for the preservation of human life.
The aggregate of losss on steam and sail vessels
on the lakes from 1853 to 1858, was $11,182,925.
The loss oflives on the lakes from 1854 to 1858,
was 1256.
It is proper to add here, that over sixteen hun-
dred vessels are navigating the northwestern lakes,
with an aggregate burden of over four hundred
thousand tons, and manned by over thirteen thou-
sand seaman.
These are the appalling statistics of the^oss of
life and property on our lakes. The decayed and
destroyed harbors on our lake coasts, and the
want of harbors of refuge, send hundreds annu-
ally, of American seamen, to early graves. Raws
" for the better security of passengers and vessels
propelled by steam," are all very well; but it is
hypocrisy in philanthropy to go no further. They
want better harbors on our lakes, or those re-
paired that you have commenced. Here lie the
dangcis to our inland navigation, and are the
cause of the loss of more lives than alI the explo-
sion by steam. Millions are annually voted to
extend and aid our foreign commerce, and protect
life and property from loss in it; whilst loss of
life and property in our inland commerce is
criminally neglected, I repeat, from the criminal
neglect of the Government. Individual neglect,
which results in the death of another, is punish-
able with the same penalty as from violence. The
moral obligation upon the Government to protect
the life and property of American citizens from
violence m the distant seas is recognized. If such
an obligation is recognized, then that perception
ki ethics must be very refined that can detect the
shade of moral difference between protecting
American citizens from loss of life and property
from violence in distant seas, and loss of life and
property on our inland seas, produced from the
neglect of the Government. It has cost this Gov-
ernment, of late years, millions - to protect our
citizens who have wandered beyond the outposts
of civilization, from savage violence; yet there
have been more lives lost from shipwreck, caused
by the neglect of our national Government to re-
pair the dangerous harbors on our northern lakes,
in one year, than in the last ten years from In-
dian violence. When this Republic relies upon
its sovereignty for immunity from responsibility
for neglect of its constitutional duties, it becomes
a tyranny.
If these grave considerations have no weight
here, then I ask, sir, if the recent movements of
the British Government, to establish a line of in-
land communication across this continent, are to
go unnoticed? Her statesmen are now planning
this great enterprise. Said Mr. Roebuck, in Par-
liament, on the 20th August last:
"The present state of the North American continent was
a matter of great interest to England. That continent was
divided among three possessors. The southern and most
important portion belonged to the United States of Amer-
ica, winch lan up to where they met the dominion of Eng-
land, which stretched from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
England possessed the larger part of the continent, winch
proceeded northward until it reached, upon its western
frontier, the territory belonging to Russia. We heretofore
had planted colonies in the southern division that he had
named. We had planted thirteen colonies in that country;
those colonies had declared their independence, and had
since increa&ed to the number of thirty-five or thirty-six
free Stares. We had created a Power there which, if
something were not done by England as a counterpoise to
the United States of America, would overshadow, not only
England, bat the earth. He believed that, in the northern
part of the continent, we had the means ofestablishing the
counterpoise which ne sought."
" He thought ifc^proper that the rights of the Hudson's Bay
Company under their charter should be ascertained, so that
the whole of the land should be converted to the purposes
of civilization, and the dominion of England be carried
from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
" Taking the western side of Lake Superior to the Rocky
Mountains, they would cut the new colony whieff the right
honorable Secretary for the Colonies proposed to establish,
and he believed plans had been laid before the right honor-
able baronet for carrying a railway completely across the
continent, so that a dm-ct communication would be estab-
lished between England and Vancouver's Island, by way of
Halifax. This was a magnificent scheme.
"The accomplishment of such a scheme would unite
England with Vancouver's Island, and with China, and
they would be enabled widely to extend the civilization of
England. When he referred to the civilization of England,
he wished it to he compared with the civilization of Amer-
ica, and he would boldly assert that the civilization of Eng-
land was greater than that of America."
The Colonial Secretary, SirE. B. Lytton, said:
" Already, by the Pacific, Vancouver^ Island has been
added to the social communities of mankind Already, in
the large tei ritory which extends west of the Rocky Mount-
ains—from the American frontier, and upto the skirts of the
Rujaian domains—we aie laying the foundations of what
may become, hereafter, a magnificent abode for the human
race; and now, eastward of the Rocky Mountains, we are
invited to see, in the settlement of the Red river, the nu-
cleu^of a new colony, a lampart against any hostile inroads
from the American frontier, and an essential" arch, as it
were, lo that great viaduct by which we hope one day to
connect the harbors of Vancouver with the gulf of St. Law-
rence "
This would shorten the passage from England
to China thirty-five days less than by the Cape
of Good Hope, which is sufficient for the con-
struction of the line by a monarchy which has
such mighty stakes in the trade and in the do-
minion of her subjugated millions in the east.
The past history of this nation leaves no room
for doubt as to the attempted consummation of
this magiuficentschcme; for no powerin the earth
or on the earth, material, physical, or elemental,
has ever arrested the march of her empire around
the globe. If, then, it is consummated, England
will allow this nation to assert her " Monroe doc-
trines," or extend " her protectorate'' in South
and Central America, at its leisure. She will
have grasped in the north the great commercial
prize of the age, whilst we are involving ourselves
deeper in entangling alliances in Central Amer-
can affairs. 1 believe this movement by the Brit-
ish Government in the north is instigated by the
mixed motives of traditional hate and grasping
conquest in the east. If no other consideration,
then this should awaken American pride and at-
tention to this gigantic rivalry to our water-line
of internal transportation, now extending almost
into the center of the continent, and which must
soon be connected, by railroad, with the Pacific.
This latter extension and connection must be so.
No matter where this railroad crosses the Mis-
sissippi, it must strike our chain of inland seas;
for property seeks and moves on the cheapest
transit route by laws as imperative as nature her-
self. Over this transit line, the march of Amer-
ican emigration and industrial power has been
moving, from year to year, from the Atlantic to-
wards the Pacific, under the guidance of omnip-
otent laws, and upon a line which neither legis-
lative power nor sectional balance of power can
ever deflect. It is the highway of empire west-
ward. it lies, too, between three parallels of lat-
itude, in which the human race is ever moving in
its exodus from the East to the West.
Is it possible then, that whilst England is en-
gaged in this gigantic rivalry in the north, that
this Government can hesitate in a liberal policy
in improving its natural rival channels of inland
navigation? Gentlemen already, of this House
and of the Senate, speak of the almost certain
success of this British enterprise. If this be so,
are there not naval and military considerations
that should induce action? These improvements
are demanded as a necessary element m the mil-
itary defense of the national frontier. With the
Sault Ste. Marie canal completed, and St. Clair
flats deepened, armed fleets can cooperate in time
