1359.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
205*
35th Cong....2d Sess.
River and Harbor Improvements—Mr. Hatch.
Ho. of Reps.
of war on Lakes Superior, Michigan, Huron, and
Erie. When these works subserve the double pur-
pose of military defense in times of war and ad-
vancing the commerce between the States of the
Union in peace, the constitutional wrong done by
the refusal of these appropriations, becomes the
more unjustifiable. Our colonial wars, the wars
for American independence, and that of 1812,
were fought upon the northern frontier; and upon
almost every inland sea, our navrrforces have
carried victoriously, the flag of the Republic. In
fact, sir, New York State and the northern fron-
tier have always been our national battle-grounds.
There is-scarcely a foot of the northern frontier
that has not been consecrated by American blood
and valor, and is not now marked by the traces
of military defenses and crumbling fortifications.
I can only refer briefly to the objections raised i
to our general system of appropriations to facili- j
tate the internal commerce of the country. This \
branch of public service has been so decried, of J
late years, that its friends almost sink from ex- |
haustion, and begin to believe that it is more j
exposed to corruption than any other branch of j
the public service. It could be easily shown, if!
time would permit, that there is nothing in this, j
except the general clamor which is raised against
expenditures in these sections of this Union.
Look at the millions expended for the Army.
Who does not recollect that, even before there
was a drum beat in the Utah war, or, in fact, be-
fore even the appropriations were made, resolu-
tions were introduced to inquire into the corrup-
tions in contracts for supplies? There is the
Ntvy, too. A select committee is now investi-
gating alleged corruptions in that service. In
these large appropriation bills there, doubtless,
will be included some works that are not merito-
rious; but is it common sense or common justice
to reject all because some few thousand dollars i
are expended to remove the Dog river bar, in :
Alabama, or build the breakwater at Owl's Head, I
in Maine?
If there is anything in this objection, it amounts •
to this, that a large portion of the people of this !
Confederacy must be ruled out of 1 heir just and
equal rights, because there is not sufficient official
honesty in the Government to perform all its
functions, and protect the general welfaie. Upon
thesameground,nomore marine hospitals should
be built for the sick and disabled seamen, because,
in some cases, they have only proved useful, and ;
been used for sick and disabled politicians. Upon j
the same ground of fallacy, we are told, no more i
custom-houses ought to be built on the northern 1
frontier, or appropriations for the improvement of
harbois made, because ournorthern collection dis- i
tricts pay no revenue, after Congress had abolished
the revenue, by the reciprocity treaty, and in- i
creased the official business of the districts. These j
collection districts on the lakes paid i nto the Treas-
ury over twice the amount ever expended upon
the improvement of the harbors. I add the figuies
for a single collection district—Buffalo—to show ,
the working of'the reciprocity treaty upon its rev-
enues and business. It will be recollected that!
this treaty went into effect in 1855. Official re- I
turns show that the amountof duties collected in !
Buffalo, in 1854, was $99,663 59. The foreign i
merchandise imported from Canada into the dis-j
trict of Buffalo free, under the provisions of the '
reciprocity treaty, for the year 1858, amounted to :
the sum of $ 1,690,451. The duties on these nil- j
portal ions, under the tariff of 1857, would amount ,
to $321,185 69.
From this you will perceive the objection is a
mere cavil. The custom-house and preventive
force on the northern frontier are the only security
that you have for the collection of a dollar of reve-
nue on the Atlantic coast. Revenue has nothing '
to do with the question. If it had, you had then
no business to inflict the reciprocity treaty upon
our internal trade.
This objection, that our collection districts on
the lakes pay no revenue, deserves more than or-
dinary notice, from the apparent official and dis-
tinguished sanctions it has received. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury says, in his annual report, ;
page 18: " the revenue received at any port indi-
cates the amount of business which requires a
custom-house." This statement that revenue is
the index of the extent of commercial business, is ;
a modern fallacy. I have already shown, that in
our northern lake ports, revenue and business,
under the reciprocity treaty, bear no relation to
each other. Whilst the necessity of custom-
houses and preventive forces is not diminished,
and the general business of a collection district is
increased, revenue is almost entirely abolished, as
in the case of the Buffalo district. It is quite sur-
prising that this important fact in our revenue
system should have escaped the enlightened sa-
gacity of its.financial head.
Ignorance of the financial bearing of these
northern collection districts upon the revenues and
the foreign commerce of the country has spoiled '
the statements upon which many very eloquent
speeches have been made in this House, and the
hopes of reform awakened among confiding con-
stituencies by their Representatives, only to be
broken by the logic of a little arithmetic and ge-
ography, the simplest rudiments of a common-
school education. I have only to suggest to those
gentlemen that they hereafter seek wider fields
for reform, whore corruption riots in millions of
public expenditures on our Atlantic coast, instead
of peering around our custom-house service on
our lake and river coast, which only costs the
Government $133,600, to protect aline of six thou-
sand mules, in extent equal to the Atlantic; and
when, too, the registered tonnage of these lakes
exceeds all the ports on the Atlantic south of
New York, (see Commerce and Navigation Re-
port, 1858,) and is double the amountof the ton-
nage of American and foreign vessels entering and
clearing from them. This is a startling expend-
iture to protect our northern frontier, almost equal
to half the expenditures of the New Orleans cus-
tom-house service, and not as much as is voted
annually for fog-bells upon the sounds and bays
of the Atlantic coast. I have been particular, sir,
in meeting these often-repeated allegations against
our northern collection districts, because they
have been charged as a corrupt and unnecessary
branch of the public service.
The gentleman from South Carolina, in his free-
trade report last session, parades a list of the
northern collection districts, and refers to the rev-
enue and expenditures in them as evidence of the
extravagance of the Government. And among oth-
ers, the gentleman from New York [Mr. Thomp-
son] and the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Chandler] republished it in their speeches to
point its moral on the extravaganceand corruption
of the Government. These northern collection
I districts, so misrepresented on this floor, either
I through ignorant statesmanship by their Rcpre-
I tatives in Congress from the North, or sectional
[ prejudice in the South, are not only the cheapest
! and most economical and important branch of the
! public service, but they are the ports of entry and
( delivery of the elements of our mland commerce,
| that surpass annually in value all the accumulated
] gold of California since its discovery. And, sir,
! the progress of population and agriculture in the
I great valleys of the lakes, and the increase of the
! elements of national strength and wealth there, are
| among the marvels of this most marvelous age.
j The next objection is, that the system of gen-
! eral appropriations heretofore practiced by the
I General Government for the improvement of
1 rivers and harbors, is not politic and just as a
I tonnage system. When I addressed the House at
' the last session, I read the oidinance of 1787,
i which declared these rivers and lakes " common
I property and forever free.'1 Our Constitution
1 incorporated this declaration of freedom to the
i inland commerce of the country in these brief
; word:
I " Nor shall ve^ols bound to or from one State be obliged
I toentercleur or pity duties in another.5'—(Article one, sec-
t Hon nine.)
j There can be no doubt about the construction
of this clause, nor of its antecedent history. Con-
; gress has no authority to give its consent that a
! State may " lay any duty of tonnage" upon do-
i mestic tonnage. This clause in the Constitution
; only applied to foreign tonnage. Madison's let-
i ter to J. C. Cabell, dated Montieello, September
18, 1828, gives a history of the causes which pro-
duced our Constitution, and especially the clause
; to which I have referred, and places the history
i beyond doubt that our present Constitution took
| its origin in the imperative necessity to correct
the evils under which the colonies were suffering
from the conflicting attempts to Jay duties on for-
eign tonnage. He says:
(< These projects were suspended for tlie moment by that
of the convention at Annapolis in 1786, a ltd forever by the.
convention in Philadelphia in 1787, and tlie Constitution,
which was the fruit of it."
The strict constructionists of the South, al-
though generally opposed to these northern, ap-
propriations, are divided upon the constitution-
ality and policy of the tonnage system. Mr..
Da-vis, Senator from Mississippi, among the fore-,
most of southern statesmen, in a debate with Sen-,
ator Toombs, of Georgia, last session, advocated
and vindicated the constitutional freedom of do-
mestic tonnage. This whole system of tonnage
dues and light dues is a vain attempt to evade the
constitutional duty of the Government, and fur-
ther tax the agricultural industry of the North-
west. These schemes are unconstitutional, im-
practicable, and unjust. I feel bound to say here,
that all these attempted evasions of constitutional
obligations, and all the fallacies in finance, econ-
omy, and philanthropy, with which the adversa- •
ries of these appropriations seek .ta justify the
Government in its neglect of these northern in-
terests, has done more to prolong the existence
of the anti-slavery party in the North than any
religious sentiment enlisted in its behalf. Fanat-
icism alone soon dies out when it embodies only
a religious sentiment. Real or imaginary public
grievances have been the foundation of the fanat-
icism of every age. Demagogues, lay or clerical,
have always found it the most potent element to
sway the public mind and secure supremacy.
Although crazy priests and mad knights con-
ceived the Crusades, history records that ambi-
tion enlisted its leaders and filled the ranks of its
armies. Remove, then, the cause of public com-
plaint in the North, by a wise, just, and econom-
cal policy of legislative relief to her inland com-
merce, and the present occupation of the fanatic
and demagogue there will soon be gone.
But, sir, notwithstanding the extent of our in-
ternal trade, as shown by the statistics, and its
nature, as recognized by the legislative and judi-
cial branches of the Government; and although
no other country has ever had or can have, as I
have shown, an internal commerce of the kind or
extent of that of the Northwest, still that trade
alone is not its most distinctive attribute, nor its
grandest feature. It is rather to be found in its
immense internal resources; in its productions of
the means of commerce as connected wnh that
commerce. These not onlyform the grand fea-
ture of that section of the Union, but will, if they do
not already, form the grand characteristic feature
of the country itself. The narrowstripof land bor-
deringthe Atlantic, and the manufacturing portions
of it, find their parallel in similar parts of other
countries, but no other has anygreat portions of
it at all like the Northwest. This will be, this
must be, the greater, the richer part of our own
country. It will be the consumer for the manu-
facturing portions of the nation, and of us impoi t
trade. It'will he the great producer of the staples
of life for the manufacturing portions. The great
producer (save so far as the peculiar products of
the South are concerned) of the export trade; it
must of necessity be the conservative part of the
country—that part which, from its community of
interests, will keep all the parts together. This
general feature must stamp the Northwest as the
most conservative part of the country. In this
view, any internal improvements there are more
truly national than any on the sea-board or else-
where.
But there are otherconsiderations more import-
ant. Commerce is king; government, constitu-
i ! tions, and laws are only fillaments on us prog-
;i ress,over land and ocean. Its movement is only
'! controlled by the omnipotent laws of trade. A
'! wise foresight must look forward to the time
ii when the different sections of this country, in
jl their increased population, will be moved by more
I stringent interests, by more sharp and jarring ri-
valry; to the time when the abundant resources,
the extent, and development of the country will
not be, as now, such powerful auxiliaries m its
easy government and preservation of its national
identity. When that time, sir, not far distant,
shall come, it wil! then be seen that the North-
