1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
827
1857, §55,114 91, in addition to the sum of $20,000 appropri-
ated by the act of June 14, 1858.
Mr. HUNTER. Can that bill be reconsidered
under the rule?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That question
was not raised, and the reconsideration has been
agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. It is a mere verbal correc-
tion. I have consulted with the chairman of the
Committee on Indian Affairs about it, and also
with the Senator from Minnesota and my col-
league.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill passed
the day before yesterday, and therefore the mo-
tion to reconsider is in order under the rule. The
question is on reconsidering the vote adopting the
amendment alluded to by the Senator from Iowa 
Mr. HUNTER. The original amendment, as
I understood, which came from the Committee
on Indian Affairs, was made in pursuance of an
estimate. This changes it. I do not understand
it. I do not know whether it is right or wrong.
It may be light; I do not know; but it seems to
me that appropriation bills, after we have passed
them, ought not to be reopened in this way, unless
for some error that is patent on their face. I
should like to have some explanation of this
amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. At the last session of Con-
gress, the following item in the appropriation bill
was passed, to pay for the precise service con-
templated in this amendment:
" To defray the expense of the several expeditions against
Ink-pa-du-tah's hand, and in the seatch, lansom. and le-
coveiyot'the female captives, taken by the taid hand in
1857, the sum of $20,000, oi *o much theieof as may he ne-
cessary, the amount to be ascertained and paid on satisfac-
tory proof, under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior."
Under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, the claims fur this service were submitted
to the superintendent of Indian affairs for that
district, residing in Minnesota, and he reported
in favor of $25,114 91, which has been certified by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, on whose
certificate this amendment in the present bill was
adopted by the Senate the day before yesterday;
but the phraseology of the amendment is such as
to cut out the claimants. The words, 44 United
States troops," are used; but I propose to adopt
the precise phraseology of the appropriation bill
of the last session, so as to confine this amount
to the exact service then contemplated by Con-
gress. It does not change the amount of money
agreed on by the Senate when the bill was passed,
one cent. It merely so amends the phraseology
as to confine it to the exact service certified by
the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, and npthmg
else.
Mr. HUNTER. Does that conform to the cer-
tificate of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. HUNTER. Did not the first amendment
conform to that certificate? This amendment
seems to be offered on the supposition that the
Commisioner was mistaken.
Mr. HARLAN. I submitted it to the chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, [Mr.
Sebastian,] who is not now in his seat; and if
there be any difficulty about it, I shall be willing
to have it passed over until he comes in.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we will not reopen
appropriation bills in this way. Let us settle
this question, one way or the other, at once.
Mr. SHIELDS. I will state to the Senator
from Vnginia that the amendment simply pro-
poses to make the appropriation more specific,
and to confine it to the object. It makes no other
change in the bill.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to hear the cer-
tificate of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, on
which that amendment is based, read, to see
whether they correspond.
The PRESIDENT pro temporeThe Chair
will inform the Senator from Virginia that the
papers to which he has reference are in the pos-
session of the chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, who is not in his seat.
Mr. HUNTER. The papers which accompany
a bill that is passed are always sent to the House
of Representatives with the bill. They ought to
be with the bill now.
Mr. HARLAN. I will inform the Senator that
the bill has not yet been actually engrossed.
Mr HUNTER. It is very strange if the bill
has not been engrossed, because the order to en-
gross precedes the passage of the bill, l^he bill
must have been engrossed, I think. It was or-
dered to be engrossed previous to its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
informs the Chair that the bill has been engrossed;
and the Senator from Iowa labors under a mis-
take.
Mr. SHIELDS. I know the honorable Sena-
tor from Iowa is right in offering this amend-
ment. He intends to confine this small appropri-
ation for the specific object, so that it may not be,
and cannot be, misapplied by any misconstruc-
tion; but I will say to him that he can have that ,
done in the House of Representatives. It is better, i
perhaps, not to obstruct the passage of the bill
here now.
Mr. SEWARD. I suggest the propriety of
letting this question lie over until the chairman of
the Committee on Indian Affairs comes in. '
Mr. HUNTER. I hope we shall settle it one
way or the other at once. The Senate can vote
as they think proper. I myself am unwilling to !
open the appropriation bills after they have been
passed. It seems to me, jt is far better to trust to
the House to correct it than reopen the bill, and !
keep it lying here three days.
Mr. HARLAN. I think it far better that we
should correct the phraseology ourselves. We
understand the whole subject fully. I think that
every member of the Senate who has paid any
attention to the subject understands it completely,
and I insist upon my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to reconsider the vote by which
the amendment was agreed to.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. Now I move to amend the
amendment by substituting for it the following:
For deltaymc the oxpen^c^ of the several expeditions
against Ink pa du-tab's band, nnd in tiie search, iansom,
and lecoven of the female captives taken by said band in
1S57, $-5,114 91, in addition to the sum of $20,000 appropri
ated by the act ot June 14,1858.
Mr. HUNTER. I will only say that we are
acting on this amendment, as I understand, not
only without the recommendation of the Indian
department, but contrary to the terms of its com-
munication.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill was
passed.
ISAAC BODY AND SAMUEL FLEMING.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 50) to correct
a clerical error in " An act for the relief of Isaac
Body and Samuel Fleming," was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. TRUMBULL subsequently said: A mo-
ment ago a joint resolution from the House of
Representatives, the object of which is to correct
a mistake, was referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands. I ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to put it on its passage. It explains itself.
There aie but eight lines of it; it is to correct a
mistake in an act, and therefore will consume but
a few moments. I move that the Committee on
Public Lands be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the joint resolution, and that it be
taken up for action..
The motion was agreed to; and the joint reso-
lution (H. R No. 50) so correct a clerical error
in " An act for the lelief of Isaac Body and Sam-
uel Fleming," was considered by the Senate as m
Committee of the Whole.
It directs that the woids " northwest quarter of
section twenty,"" where they occur m the "Act
for the relief of Isaac Body and Samuel Fleming,"
approved June 5, 1858, shall read and be held to
mean <{ the northwest quarter of section twenty-
nine," the word " nine" having been erroneously
omitted from that act.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a thiid reading,
read the third time, and passed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS. i
Mr. SEWARD presented resolutions of the '
Legislature of New York against an increase m
the rates of postage; which were ordered to he
on the table, and be printed.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
New York, praymg the passage <jf a law to pre-
vent further traffic in the public lands; and that
they be laid out In farms or lots for the exclusive
use of actual-settlers; which was ordered to lie
on the table. . .
Mr. SEWARD. I present the petition of D.
W. Lunsford, of the State of Indiana, a veteran of
the war of 1812, praying, in behalf of himself and
many brave associates, the Senate to pass the bill
which has been sent to the Senate by the House
of Representatives to grant pensions to thesoldi.ers
of the War of 1812, during the present session of
Congress; and I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of citi-
zens of Massachusetts, praying that the bills to
extend the patents of E. N. Chaffee and Nathaniel
Haywood, for improvements in the manufacture
of India rubber goods, may not become laws;
which was referred to the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office.
He also presented the petition of citizens of
Boston, protesting against the removal of the
post office in that city from its present location;
winch was.referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of-citizens of
New York, praying that the public lands may
be laid out in farms or lots, for the free and ex-
clusive use of actual settlers; which was ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a joint resolution
of the Legislature of Michigan, in favor of a do-
nation of land for the support of State asyiums
for the insane and deaf and dumb and the blind;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of cit-
izens of New 1^>tk, praying the passage of a law
to prevent further traffic in the public lands; and
that they be laid out m farms and lots for the ex-
clusive use of actual settlers; which was ordered
to he on the table.
Mr. THOMSON,"of New Jersey, presented
the petition of citizens of New York and New
Jersey, praying the passage of a law to prevent
the further traffic in the public lands, and that
they be laid out in farms and lots, for the exclu-
sive use of actual settlers;'which was ordered to
lie on the table.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. SHIELDS, it was
Ordered, That Lucreii.i V. Gaidncr have leave to with-
draw her petition and papers.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MASON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in a bill (S. No.
562) for the relief of Anne E. Bronaugh, widow
of the late John W. Bronaugh; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. WARD asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
561) for the relief of Mrs. Elizabeth M. Cock,
widow of Major Thomas H. Cock, late United
States marshal of the district of Texas; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles,
and referred as indicated below:
A bill (No. 83) for the lelief of William H. Rus-
sell— to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. 584) for the relief of Captain A. W.
Reynolds—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (No. G06) for the relief of Sylvester Tif-
fany—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (No. 589) for the relief of John Kelly—-to
the Committee on the Post Office andPost Roads.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, fiom the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, who were instructed by a
resolution of the Senate to inquire into the sub-
ject, repoited a bill (S. No. 560) to fix the pay
and regulate the allowance of officers of the Army;
which was read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. REID, from the Committee on Patents and
the Patent Office, to whom was referred the reso-
lution of Mr. Seward for a list of ail rejected or
suspended applications for patents since 1840, to
