828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
the 1st of Docembers 1853, &c., reported adversely |
thereon; and ill* report was agreed to.
Mr. CHESNU 1', from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the memorial of
Lucien Pcyronnet, of Charleston, South Caro- |
Ima, praying that he may be authorized to locate
bounty land warrants Nos. 65,211 and 65,217,
for one hundred and sixty acres each, issued un-
der act of Congress of 11th February, 1847, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report;
and m concurrence therewith.
Resolved, That the prayer of the memorialist ought not
to be granted.
Mr. PITCH, from the Committee on Indian ,
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of Israel I
Johnson, submitted a report, accompanied- by a j
bill (S, No. 564) to compensate Israel Johnson for j
services pet formed by direction ofihe Indian agent I
at the tr- aty gtound at the Forks of the Wabash, [
in 1833; winch was read, aud passed to a second j
reading.
COLLECTION DISTRICTS.
Mr. CLAY. The Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the report of the Secretary
of the Treasury, c.ommunn&tmg a bill to reor-;
gantze the collection disti icts, of the United Stan s,
and designating the ports of entry and delivery i
far the same, and regulating the appointment and j
compensation of officers of the customs, have m- ;
strueted me to report a bill (S. No. 563) reorgan- |
izmg the collection districts of the United States, 1
and designating the ports of cntiy and delivery of !
the same, and regulating the appointment and !
compensation of officers of the customs. I will ,
state to the Senate that while we are appropriating j
money for a great variety of objects, line is a bill !
that proposes to ledttrc the expenditures of the]
Govu nnieut by nearly six bandied thousand do!- ■
jars, and the number of officer^ engag.-d in the I
collection of the i evenue by ne.irly two thousand. ;
Ass I think U is very important, 1 hope that Sen- :
ntors will examine it when "it w laid upon their !
tables, and that they will permit me to call it up .
at some convenient time next week, and put it .
upon its passage. i
The bill was read, and passed to a second read- j
ing- !
HILLS BECOME LAWS. I
A message from the President of the United '
States, by Mr. Henry, bis Secretary, announced ,
that he had this day approved and signed the fol- !
lowing uct am) joint resolution: j
An act for the telief of Thomas I/mmnt, surviv- |
ing paitner of the firm of Dunjainin and Thomas 1
Laurent; and )
A joint lesolution mithonzmg the .Secret;!rv of j
the 'Treasury to rout ey. a purtion of the Govern- !
nientloton winch the Uniud States couit house,|
stands in Rutland, Vermont, in exchangefot other ';
land adjoining said lot. >j
MASSACHUSETTS AND RHODE ISLAND. ji
Mr. BAYAP#D. The Committee on the Judi- :i
ciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 554) !i
to authorize the Attoiney General to represent :|
the United States m proceedings in equity now ?)
pending in the Supreme Court between the Com- ||
mnnwealth of Massachusetts and the State of jj
Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, have : |
instructed me to report the biil back, with a ree- :!
omniendation that a pass. They have also m- |i
structed me to ask for as present consideration. ' \
it is a bill to which, I am sure, no Senator will ,1
object. The officers < f the icsju stive States are /j
heie; the case is pendnio, and has been long pond- i i
mg, m the Supreme Court, and the only object .(
of the bill is to do what the Constitution requires ;j
—that, in order to tender valid the agreement or
contiact between the States, the assent of the Utii- >}
ted States should be given. The object is to give ;!
the assent, guarding the interests of the United m
States, to the settlement of the boundary line be- j
tween Massachusetts pnd Rhode Island byagiee- ;j
nient. I hope the bill will be considered now. ij
It will take but a few moments. 1;
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com- ;
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the [
bill. _ ;
It directs the Attorney General to intervene and ■
represent the United States m the proceedings j
in equity now pending in the Supreme Couit, be- 1
tweon the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and i
the State of Rhode Island and Providence Planta-
tions,and toconsenton behalf of theUnited States
to the adjustment of the suit by a conventional hne
to be agreed upon by the parties,and confirmed by
a decree of the court, if in his judgment the rights
of the United States are not prejudiced thereby.
If the suit shall be thus adjusted, and a conven-
tional line shall be agreed upon and confirmed by
a decree of the court, that line to be taken and
deemed to be taken, for all purposes affecting the
jurisdiction of.the United States or any depart-
ment of the Government, as the true line of bound-
ary between those States.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to b,e engrossed for a third
reading, read the third tune, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No.
J29) to provide for thelitis] settlement of the land
claim of the heirs of Jehu Underwood, in Florida,
with an amendment; m which the concurrence of
the Senate was requested.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED,
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and i esolution; which thereupon received the
signature of the President pro tempore:
An act (S. No. 263) granting the light of way
over, and depot grounds on, the military reserve,
at Fort Gratiot, in the State of Michigan, for rail-
road purposes;
An act (H. R. No. ^64) to provide for the set-
tlement of the accounts of the late Lieutenant
Colonel Lewjs S. Craig, for his services in com-
mand of the military escort on the Mexican bound-
ary commi^-'ion; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 50) to correct a
elen/al error in an "Act for the relief of Isaac
Body and Samuel Fleming."
SAMUEL A. WEST AND OTHERS.
Mr. KENNEDY". I a«k the consent of the
Senate to take up Senate bill No. 4«">0. It is a
very short Lull, and 1 think wiii involve no debate
at all. if it does, I am willing to let it go over.
J move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the hill (S.No.
450) for the relief of Samuel A. West, George
iVlcCullough, llnam MoCullough, and Charles
Pendergiasr, was read the second time, and con-
sideied as m Committee of the Whole.
It releases Samuel A. West, G^oige McOul-
louxih. Uiiam McCullough, and Charles Pender-
<:ni>t ftom their liability on a contiact enteied into
with the United States on J he 17th of Novembei,
1^56, for the drhveiv of stone nt. the navy-yard
at Go^pm-r, in the Suite of Vi: '.(una.
Air. Kj!\G. If there is a leport accompany-
ing the bill, \ should like to hear it read.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Mallory,June 10. ]^.r>b':
Ti;e i ommntee on Na\ai VfTait;-, fi whom wa-* referred
p •t.oiMi oi IIudin McOuiiuugh, have had the same un
dor roieideiajn-i), ami icpmt:
That fsiuiutj A. Wf'^t ion! Geoijc McCulloch con-
mu-luii \\ tin Uk: United Males, on tut: 1 <th oi November,
ISr.fi, lodenvei ,u lis-1 navy-\aid at (Jo«-poi;. Virginia, eer-
lam fjuantitie-. of-tone: one tourth m nme.tv, one tourth
in one humhed and fni v,and one turn Ui m one hundred and
ceil ay da\ aiid tin; balance w iiiun nine mouths from the
(hui- "5 the eniin art; and that if the paitie- laiiod to deliver
a' the t.me- s-pi-eulcd, tliey should hnfetr and pay to the
<in\ eminent a «• mn uf inenev eijual to twice (lie amount of
tite eontiacl puce, pureed upon a^ the puce to be paid in
ea^e <>i u>e actual d'-in'civ thereof.
3'sem t;i'. feuet oi the chief ot the bureau of jtrd^ and
eomtnunseau'd tn \ oui eomrnhiec: in rcrpnij,«c to >i
er.Il upon tis<i N.ivc Department ior uiiormatinii in repaid
to the taet^ invtHved in tln^oavc. it appeal - tliat none ot the
s.one ontiaetfcd 'oi by said We.,t and IMeCuiioU'ih wa^de-
liveo-rl. and that tee Dcpcitttre-iit k- wae- couipoiled to pio-
ente it open puichase, at an adv;nie<> ot some twenty
tueu-aiid d'>l!ai-on the amount at winch the eonuuetor?
h id a-ztced to luuii-di." 7'iie clnef oftli" hnreaa, however, 1
-talc- thattin1 i/licr oi Wo-t and WcCuhouulj, on whieii
tin u connact was ba^ed. iva? 116 ie^ than the next
hnv-'-t biddui, and at Kites so much below the cuirent .
nsaiket pnee^ of th" atin'ie that the huieau b^hev^d ;it the
t'Sijc ih.u they would not be able to comply with then en- 1
iMSi'-tnenis : hut a? they gave s-atisfaetoiy security for the
lultiUuient ol the teniis ol the eontinet, the bureau could ex-
ercise no di-cietion in the matter, the law imperatively re- ^
quinni* all conti acts to be given to the lowest bidder."
It fuither appear, from thn affidavits of five creditable
persons- e-mvei^atu with the fact-;, and filed wuh the papers i
in this. case, that the contractor-, prompt'y proceeded toward i
the execution of their agreement, hy eiceting the uec^sbary ■
machinery lot- loading vessels, and in quarrying Uio atone; :
but that the violent and unusual freshets that prevailed and
continued m the Su-quc-hanna uver dumitr the winter and
spring of 1853 and 1&37, earrv m? with them immense ma^ea
of]C\eom[>!etely de^tioyinu the cranes and derricks elected
by thein, the wh.srvc? and tli«* binize between the quarries
aud the nvni. and rendered phyaieaJly impossible the fulfill-
ment of their contiact.
Youi committee, thei.'fore, beuovms that the agreement
of these purtie-, wa? envied into in good faith, and. fioin
the evidence, that they Mistamed heavy looses m the de-
stiuction of their works by the fre-hets duung t hat reason,
lauje bums of which weie at vauou  times, advanced by
>our petitioner, and, as he alleuc^ never repaid by snid
eontiactois, who aie poor, and the piobable ruinous effect
the enforcement- ot the penaltv of said contiact would have
upon the, sureties, are of opinion that Conju^s should ac-
coid the relief prayed, report the accompanying bill wuh a
recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. KING. This is a proposition to release
the contractors without any remuneration to the
Government whatever for its loss; and it is a
practice which, if continued by Congress, will
enable contractors, at any time, by bidding lower
than the work can be performed for, to prevent
honest bona fide bidders competing for jobs, ami
then throw the matter on the discretion of the
Secretary. It is a practice that, in my judgment,
ought not to be allowed. There is great com-
plaint, and, in my judgment, just complaint, of
corruptions practiced through these contracts.
They are the very worst species of putting out
the funds of the Government; they are used for
corrupt, improper purposes. Bargains are made
by which double and tieble puces are paid for
articles, on the understanding, at times, it is often
said, that contributions shall be made to the po-
litical party that gives the contract, to aid in car-
rying elections. I should have no objection, on
the facts set forth in the report as to the misfor-
tunes of the contractors, to release them from
everything beyond indemnifying the Depaitment;
but I think they should do that. I think a pro-
viso should be added that the Department shall
be made good for any losses which it sustained
by the non-fulfillment of the contract and the con-
sequent extra price paid for stone.
Mr. HAMLIN. There is a good deal of truth
in the suggestions made by the Senator from New
York; but it seems to me his objections do not
apply to this bill. It is not the case he states.
The eontiaclor here was prevented from comply-
ing with his contract by the act of God. The
evidence is clear and full that the freshets upon
the Susquehanna river, where his quarries were
situated, were of such an extraordinary character
as not only to prevent him from complying with
his contract, but actually to rum him otherwise.
That is the simple case; and I think you will find
the recoids of the Government full of precedents
where, when a contractor has not been able to
comply with his contract by the act of God—by
circumstances ovei which he had no control, after
having manifested «n honest disposition to carry
out his contract — we have uniformly, and, I be-
lieve, oropeilv, released him. That is all this bill
proposes to do, and no more.
Mr. KING. All it proposes to do is to release
this party; but that it does propose to do. The
report shows that the bid made by this party was
about eleven thousand dollars less than it ought
to have been, according to the ordinary price of
the articles. I know nothing about the facts; but
such claimants always get up a pretty fair show
of reasoning when they present a claim of this
kind. They are not the first people who charge
their sins and follies upon Providence. The offer-
ing and taking of the contract was not a matter
with which anybody had anything to do but them-
selves. I know nothing of this case whatever,
except as is disclosed by the report; but I shall
vote against the hill, because I will not, by my
vote, sustain any such proposition.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not think the Senator
from New York will vote against this proposition.
I am quite convinced that he will vote for it when
he understands it; for he certainly misapprehends
the facts now. A call was made for stone to be
used by the Government at Norfolk. These
parties offered to supply the stone wanted for
$11,232 16 less than the next lowest bidder. Un-
fortunately, they miscalculated. They not only
made that low bid, but they entered into the con-
tract in good faith They erected very expensive
works to carry it out, although they knew they
must fail. They knew it must be a losing busi-
ness; but in good faith they entered upon it.. A
freshet, much heavier than had bsen known for
