1859.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GM>BE.
35th Cong....2d Sess. Indian War Expenses of Washington and Oregon—Mr. Stevens.
Ho., of Reps,
recentlndian warin Washington Territory would
remove these'doubts, This war was not brought
on by the outrages of the white inhabitants, as
was alleged in the case of the war of 1855-56, for
there were no white inhabitants amongst the In-
dians who brought on this war. This war was
not.bought on by the movements of the volun-
teers, for there were no volunteers in the field;
but it was an affair exclusively between the reg-
ular troops and the Indians. .It w*uld, seem that
the war of 1858, commencing by,die defeat of Step-
toe, and which ended m the brilliant and success-
ful operations of Wrightand Garnett, under the
lead of the able, energetic, and gallant veteran,
General Clarke, would show the true condition of
our Indian relations. ,Sir, the combination of hos-
tile tribes of 1858, in extentand magnitude,did not
compare with the magnitude of the combination
"of 1855-56, for last season it was simply the
tribes east of the Cascades; but in 1855-56, the
flames of war spread over the country both west
and east of the Cascades. In 1855-56, the com-
bination was infinitely more formidable even east
of the Cascades, than was the combination of
1858; yet, last year it required the very utmost
exertions—it required that the commanding offi-
cer of the Pacific should send to the Gila, and to
every part of California, to collect troops. Three
months were occupied in concentrating troops in
the Walla-Wallaand preparing for the field. Two
columns, numbering nearly one thousand men,
were organized and sent against the enemy, and
such were the preparations, and such was the
campaign required to suppress the late disturb-
ances. But, I will assume, as 1 have a right to
assume, that the question of the necessity of call-
ing out the volunteers of 1855-56 is practically
admitted; that we have not to come before this
Congress to argue this question, but that we stand
here to demand of this Congress the payment of
our just dues; and to this point I shall direct my
observations.
I have said that the Third Auditor of the Treas-
ury has made an examination into these accounts;
that he lias reported to the House the result of
that examination; that the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs have submitted to this House reso-
lutions referring the whole matter back to the
Auditor, and that the House has actually leferred
the matter back for report.
Now, sir, the last Congress passed a law in re-
gard to this matter, and it sent out a commission
to thatTei ritory, which commission, after a labo-
rious examination of one year, reported upon the
amount due to the temtorial governments of Ore-
gon and Washington, in consequence of that war.
J. give the law in full:
"Sec. 11. Jlnd belt j ui iher cnactcd, That the Secretary
of Wai ho duected to examine into the amountof expenses
necessarily incurred in the suppression of Indian hostili-
ties in the late Indian war in Uiepon and Washington by
the leu i tonal government o 1 said Tern tones, lor the main-
tenance oi the voiuriteei loires eng'ig^d in >«nid war, includ-
ing pay of volunteers; and tiiat he may, it in hi.s judgment
it be necessary, direct a commission ol three to proceed to
ascertain and report to him all expensed incurred lor pur-
poses above bpecified."
I may now ask why was this course pursued?
Why wer# commissioners directed to proceed to
that country to make that examination ? Why did j
not this Congress do as the present House has j
done—refer it at once to the Third Auditor? Why j
did it not direct the Secretary of War to call upon j
the territorial governments to forwaid their re- j
ports of the war claims to the Third Auditor in [
order that they might be examined m his office? j
Mr. Chairman, the reason is obvious. It was an ;
impracticable thing for an examination to be had i
m any office m this city. If Congress had taken
this course of referring, in the first instance, the ,
whole question to the Third Auditor, it would ;
have devolved upon him duties which he could :
not have peiformed, and for that reason it wisely
and piopeily directed a commission to proceed to
that country to inquire into all the circumstances j
of the case. Now, sir, two of the three membeis
of that commission were officers of the Army who
had served for long years in that country; they :
were familiar with its population and resources;
they were fajnihar with prices; they were familiar '
with the Indians in that country; they combined j
m their two persons the whole experience of the ,
country which was the theater of the war, for the !,
presidentof the commission, Captain A. J.Smith,
had served in southern Oregon, and was familiar
with the Rogue river war.
Captain Ingalls was the principal quartermas-
ter for the district of the Columbia river, and was
familiar with all the operations, with the move-
ments of the troops, and with the co3t of sup-
plies and transportation, both of the volunteers
and regulars.
Well, sir, these two officers of the Army, with
my friend from Oregon, who now sits on my right,
[Mr. Grover,] who had served on previous com-
missions, to the acceptance of the Government
and of the people of Oregon, who participated in
the operations of the troops in this campaign, both
in Oregon and Washington Territories, consti-
tuted that commission. They took sworn testi-
mony as to the prices, in order to determine what
was justly due, and they made their awards ac-
cordingly.
Now, sir, is the report of such a commission,
made from facts within their own knowledge, and
from sworn testimony taken before them, worthy
of the consideration of this House? Is it worthy
of as much consideration as the report of the
Third Auditor of the Treasury, upon which this
House has referred these claims back for readjust-
! ment? Sir, I have no question of the honesty of
that officer, and that he will make up his report
from the best information within his possession.
But I submit to this committee that, from the very
nature of the case, that report will bear upon its
face the marks of absurdity. Sir, the report of
the Third Auditor, upon which this House has
founded its action, is unjust to the volunteer ser-
vice; it is unjust (o the people of Washington and
Oregon; it is full of errors, misunderstandings,
and false conclusions; and it has led this House
to take action which, 1 predict, will lead to noth-
ing, because you have devolved a duty upon that
officer which he has not the means of executing.
To show how inconclusive and absurd is this
devolving upon officers examinations and reports
which can only be made on the ground, I will
touch only upon a very few of the points in the
report which the Third Auditor has made to this
House, in order to show the errors and inconsis-
tencies m it, and the errors and inconsistencies
which are to be expected in any future report. I
will speak first in regard to the price of horses
used in the volunteer service. The commission
fixed the maximum price of horses at $400 each,
and the price ranged from $400 down to $100.
The Third Auditor finds that horses were pur-
chased for the regular service, in the same local-
ity, at prices varying from $80 to $200, and he
very naturally came to the conclusion that such
was the cash price of horses. Now, sir, I may
very properly put the question to this committee,
what is the puce current of horses ? if I buy a
horse and pay §80 for him to-day, does it follow
thaL a hoise which you may buy for $400 to-
morrow is worth simply $80; or if I buy a horse
at $400 to-day, does it follow that the animal
which you may buy to-morrow at $80 is a cheaper
horse? Are horses to be measured by a regular
price current, like wheat or oats?
Now, sir, these are the facts established by
sworn testimony before that commission, in re-
gard to the horses purchased fop the regular ser-
vice. They were mostly Indian ponies, or horses :
of Spanish blood, with a few woi u-out American
horses. They were purchased for the purpose of
remounting the dragoons, under an order from
General Wool prohibiting the payment of more
than two hundred dollars for one horse. They
were taken to Vancouver, and every one of them,
before a boa -d of regular officers, was condemned
as unfit for the purpose for which they were pur-
chased. Not an animal came up to the icgulation
standard. Not one was fit for cavalry uses. The
agents whopuichased these horses forthe regular
service gave their sworn testimony that the horses
purchased for the volunteer service were every
one up to the dragoon standard, and that their
value was more than clouhh: the value m cash of
the hotses purchase?! for the regular service. That j
was the reason why the commission fixed the
maximum price at $400. Has the Third Auditor
any means of getting at the proper cash prices of
the horses purchased for the volunteer service ?
Sir, the report of that officer upon this subject
does great injustice to the puichasing agents of
these horses j and any report which he may make
will, of necessity, do injustice, for the simple rea-
son that he has not the information before -him*
Now, I undertake to say that an investigation
into the other matters contained ;in this report
■would show nearly the same results, It would
show that there was judgmeiH and care,exercise#
in the purchase of supplies, and that great judg-
ment and care were taken hy the com mission-in
protecting the rights of the government..: Why,
sir, the value of American horses in the vjsUley*otf
the Willamette, in southern Oregon and at ru-
get Sound, at that .period ranged from two-hun-
dred and fifty to five hundred dollars cash value.
In making up the value of personal property to
be taxed, every one knows that the asse^sed^vajue
of property is some per cent, below the cash value,
and yet the assessed value of horses in that coun-
try shows these prices. ,
I have here a paper from Captain Keller, the
largest lumber manufacturer on Puget Sound—-
a gentleman who manufactures some twelye mil-
lion feet of lumber a year; who employs one hun-
dred and fifty hands;,who Heeps two large steam
saw-mills going constantly; and whois o.ne of the
best informed men on the Pacific.. I Jiave here,a
statement in regard to prices, which I will make
a part of my speech.
It will appear from this paper that for his mills
at.Port Gamble, he paid for oxen $320 per yoke,
and 'for mules as high as $325 each; and that hay
cost in San Francisco sixty dollars per ton. Ho
also gives many interesting facts in regard to the
fluctuation of prices.
Now, sir, what means has the Third Auditor
for ascertaining these facts? I submit that it is
an absurdity to refer the matter to him. Unless
you send him to Oregon and Washington to take
testimony, he cannot make up the report re-
quired by the House without involving great
injustice in the proceeding.
There are some animadversions in the report
of the Third Auditor in regard to our claims, at
which I have b ien very much surprised, because
the report itself, as a general thing, furnishes the
material for its own refutation; and the only apol-
ogy which I can find is, the work was necessarily
done in a short time, and that the Third Auditor
was not able to give it a prbper examination. In
justice to him, it ought to be said that he speaks
of his report as the result of a somewhat cursory
examination. He complains very much of the
fluctuation of prices in the volunteer service- He
speaks of it ay extraordinary "and remarkable,
while his own report shows, that in the regular
service the prices fluctuated as much. In the
fourth quarter of 1855, during the pendency of
the volunteer operations, the quartermaster of the
regular service in southern Oregon, paid at Fort
Lane for oats, prices varying from two to five
dollars per bushel, and for hay, prices varying
from thirty to one hundred dollars per ton. Which
will be the cash price of the article under the re-
cent resolutions? The maximum price allowed
by the commission for hay was $120 per ton.
Rut nearly all the hay was purchased at prices
much under one hundred dollars. The paper of
Captain Keller gives many interesting facts in re-
gard to the fluctuation of prices on our coast; and
what has excited the surprise of the Third, Aud-
itor is personally known to all men of intelligence
and experience m western coast matters as an
every day occurrence.
Now, these remarks in regard to prices are suf- .
ficient for my purpose, showing how, in two mat-
ters of fact, the Third Auditor has been led to a
most unfortunate and untiue conclusion. He is
equally unfortunate when he refers to the subject
of sales, on which rest, particularly, the vindica-
tion of our service; because it is a fact* that the
property, after being deteriorated by long use
through a rainy and long winter, sold in the ag-
gregate for about what it cost. He enumerates
particular articles, such as pack-saddles, riding-
saddles, and gt-ar of all kinds, which sold for a
small amount, forgetting that they had been worn
out in the seryice, and that if it had been a case
of property in the regular service, it would have
been condemned bya, board of officers,and would
have brought nothing. He also forgets the fact
j that in the sale of property, such as provisions,
i theie was a considerable sur^ms, and it was not
