1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess. Indian War Expenses of Washington and Oregon—Mr. Stevens.
Ho. of Reps.
into the service, furnishing, not only a horse for
their own use, but for their neighbors who had
no horses. These horses were in the service of
the Territory. No man had more than one horse
for his own use, and it was by getting horses
from those who owned horses that every man was
mounted. It seems to me that these facts show
the admirable and patriotic spirit of our people,
and peculiarly recommend the service to the con-
fidence and appreciation of the country.
The Auditor, morever, brings up the case of
company A, Washington Territory volunteers.
He states:
" This company was fifty-three strong, all told, and the
roll shows a service, altogether, of eight thousand seven
hundred and eighty-three days, and, if it had so served,
entitled to that number of rations. A large number of the
members are maiked on the roll as having signed ' nnmih-
tary resolutions,' and only seven of the fifty-three, all of
whom arc marked, are certified by Colonel E. C. Fitzhugh,
the inspecting and mustering officcr, as entitled to an hon-
orable discharge. Of course the rest of the company were
not so entitled, and theiefore had no claim either to pay,
maintenance, or any of the allowances consequent upon a
military service. The captain resigned on the 24th of May;
the first lieutenant was suspended on the 20th of June, and
the remaining lieutenant signed unmihtary resolutions.
Yet, notwithstanding all tin?, the whole company, except
two, one of whom de.^erted. and the other was absent with-
out leave, aie reported foi, and payment for the United
States recommended by the boaid of commissioners, to the
amount of #13,907 7.~>, beside the clothing, &c., received by
them, to the value of $3,996 38."
Now, it must be admitted that no attempt was
made to secure payment for this company, either
by the territorial authorities or by the commis-
sion, under false pretenses. The facts are given
precisely as they occurred. There is no dispute
that the service was rendered. It was a very try-
ing and difficult service. The company was
raised in King; county, and did duty m the forests
of King county, and was stationed, not at Seat-
tle, the only reluge of that county for its citizens,
every other house having been burned down,and
a flourishing settlement of one bundled families
having been despoiled of all their property, but
in the midst of the scenes of Indian rapine and
devastation, from which it drove the Indians, in-
toxicated with success and flushed with victory.
Their scouts, and the roads they made,are given
in the official reports. Considering all these cir-
cumstances, the territorial government urgently
recommended payment for their services, and the
commission decided that payment ought to be
made. I think the territonal government and
the commission acted in the spirit of simple jus-
tice. It must be borne in mind that were it a case
in the regular service, the payment for service
would have been essentially made; for payments
there are made every month or two months. But
in the volunteer service, no payment whatever
had been made. It would have been most unjust,
considering the services of that company, consid-
ering the misfortunes and sufferings and massa-
cres and burnings with which their county was
afflicted, considering the recommendations of the
territorial government, to refuse to make pay-
ment for services actually rendered, and which
were of signal value and of imperative necessity.
Mr. Chairman, I propose in these remarks
rather to fasten upon points, than to go into the
whole subject. But the Auditor has gone into
implied censures of the organization we adopted
in Washington Territory win order to wage that
war; and he has covertly indulged in slurs against
the service. He complains because there was so
large a staff, because theie was so many quarter-
masters and commissaries and surgeons, and so
many higher officers. Well, the commission ex-
amined that matter. What docs the Thud Audi-
tor presume to know about those matters ? How
can he apply the reasons to the facts? The mili-
tary gentlemen of that commission, men who
served in that country, examined that territorial
staff and organization, and they were satisfied
that the organisation was good and effective; and
that the staff was simply adequate to the duties
they had to discharge. It is pioprr to state, that
it is an axiom with military men that the staff is
not so much proportion? d to thr* force, as to the
extent and chaiacterof the country over which
that force operates. And, sir, in the extent of
oui operations, m tiie character of our country,
you find th'j conclusive and overwhelming reason
for the organization adopted.
The A- udit-oi complain & that our companies were
small. But you must recollcct that our popula-
tion was sparse. If we organized at all, we had
to organize in small companies. That is a con-
clusive refutation of that objection.
But, Mr. Chairman, in a certain part of the
report, the Auditor disparages the service, by
speaking of it "such as it was." I have, sir,
served in one campaign and five pitched battles.
I have heard the whistling of bullets; and I carry
on my person the marks of honorable wounds,
received in the service of my country; but I have
never been in a service of such danger and diffi-
culty as the service characterized by the Auditor
" such as if was." I make no special complaint
of the Auditor. It was unfortunate that he went
out of his province to criticise what was not
within his knowledge. When I returned from the
Blackfoot country to Puget Sound, in the months
of November anu December, 1855, through thou-
sands of hostile Indians, with a party of twenty-
five men—we moved through forests and over
mountains four hundred miles—not a man of my
party believing that we would get through, but
every man expecting that his bones would be left
to whiten upon the great plain of the Columbia.
That was a service characterized by the Auditor
" such as it was." I feel proud of that service,
not for myself alone, but for the noble devotion
and heroism of my party; men who had crossed
the continent with me in 1853, and whose nerves
and hearts were hardened to steel. I will give
some facts showing the imminence of danger in
my own mind.
We had crossed the Bitter Root mountains in
snow three feet deep, and had reached a camp
twenty-five miles from the first Indian village. I
was satisfied that the Indians had no notice of
our coming. Thoy were reported and believed
to be hostile. My annuals were tired out and
my men broken down with the long match. It
was impossible for me to move my train in a sin-
gle day to the village; and if I did make the at-
tempt, I was of opinion that our movement would
be slow and straggling, and that we could not
reach the Indians before they would hear of our
coming, and that they would have time for prep-
aration. So I determined, with two men, to go
in advance of my party, and see whether, in this
way, taking them by surprise, I could not direct
their minds from hostility, and thus insure the
safety of my party. So, mounted on our best
horses, the two men and myself, with fourfriendly
Indians, started, leaving directions for the train
to reach the village the following day. We moved
on rapidly. Soon after noon we came in sight
of the Indian village. We rode into the midst
of the Indians, dismounted from our horses, and
with our rifles m one hand, we offered the other
to the Indians. They were taken entirely by
surprise. They had not the slightest intimation
of our appioach. Their prcpaiation to give us
a hostile reception had only been abandoned a
few days, as they had given up all expectation
of our coming. They grasped our outstretched
hands; and, through the aid of the friendly Nez
Perces, their minds were softened, and my party,
the next day, were received with kindness by
them.
Mr. Chairman, that was done by me as a mat-
ter of judgment. I was satisfied that 1 was safer
with that tube with two men—the tribe not know-
' ing of my coming—than I would be, they having
i notice, with twenty-five men at my back. My
! judgment was satisfied as to the course of safety;
! and, thank God! I did happen to have nerve
I enough to act as my judgment dictated. We
moved on to the Spokane with the same party.
1 It was these same Crear d\'Uencs and Spolcane.s
i who drove Steptoc and his one hundred and fifty
- men out of that country last season, and com-
1 pelled him to move ninety miles m one night,
! abandoning baggage and howitzers. The result
! of our interview with these two tribes was, that
1 their friendship was gained, after a stormy and
I doubtful conference winch lasted for some nine
' days. Before we parted from them, the Indians
came to us with their little complaints, asking for
redress. 1 saw that we had gamed their confi-
■ dence, and then I knew that th -ir hearts were
mine. Not oniv did we have them as friends,
: but they offered their assistance, which was de-
, chnui
That is the sort of service that is represented
j by this Auditor " such as itwas." It was aser-
vice, the like of which I never saw before, and
the like of which I never expect to see again.
When I moved from the Spokane, I did not
know what were the feelings of the Nez Perces.
They were reported to be hostile. I knew that
the chief, Kamiakan, with five hundred warriors,
was at Priest's Rapids on our flank, and that Pu-
pu-mux-mux, with seven hundred warriors, was
on the Touchet and on Mill Creek, in the Walla-
Walla country, blocking up the road. I started
for the Spokane with our pack animals, carrying
only eighty pounds and twelve days'provisions.
On the Spokane we had exchanged all our horses
but five, and got the best horses in the country.
I knew the country well; and I was satisfied that,
if we found all the Indians hostile, we could some
way or other work our way to the settlements.
This was the service, " such as it was." Fortu-
nately for our safety, the Oregon volunteers ad-
vanced upon the Walla-Walla, met and defeated
the Indians, and opened the way for my party,
| increased to about fifty men by the accession of
' the miners from Colvillc.
Mr. Chairman, I desire now to touch upon
some other matters, in justice to individual com-
panies and to gentlemen in the Territory. The
Auditor has discovered some double and treble
payments. I am glad that these are made known;
with one exception, they were unknown to me
before. It is not to be expected that in a new
service—and particularly in the quartermaster's
and commissary's service—mistakes were to be
avoided; for even in the regular service, and where
there are trained officers, there are very often
great difficulties in adjusting and making out the
accounts. If the Third Auditor had gone through
all the accounts, and had found no mistakes in
them, it would have excited the suspicion ofevery
man versed in such matters.
Some years ago, Mr. Chairman, w hile I was in
the Army, T called on a friend of mine in one of
the bureaus of the War Department, and we com-
menced to converse about old acquaintances. The
conversation finally turned upon a person who
had prided himself in never having had a mistake
found in his accounts during a service of twenty
j years. Said he, " I believe that man is dishonest,
j It never happened to mortal man, in a course of
; twenty years, to got his accounts all perfect. He
; has done a good deal of cooking and workingup."
That is the invariable impression produced by
these infallible accounts.
If in our volunteer accounts everything had
been found right, and according to rule, it would
| have been damning evidence against them, be-
: cause the thing is impossible. I state this as a
| fact, which the experience of the Third Auditor
! might have suggested. It is sufficient, however,
1 for the vindication of the awards of the commis-
i sion, and for the vindication of the people of the
! Territory, that they have not asked for the double
i or treble payment. We, acting for them, have
j stated from the very outset, at the last session of
Congress, and at this, that we asked nothing of
that kind. It was simply a mistake that occurred,
and that would have been ascertained in any ad-
justment of the accounts.
There were cases, however, of men in the civil
and Indian service of the Territory, who were also
; engaged in its military service, and there were
strong reasons, in the opinion of the territorial
' government of Washington, why they should be
allowed their pay for military service, in addition
to their other pay. But the fact of the employ-
ment m other service, with the amount of com-
pensation, was expressly reported to the com-
missioners, and by them catefully set foi th on the
proper muster-iolls. There was no attempt,
either on the part of the territorial authorities, or
of the commission, to conceal or evade the facts;
which is their emphatic and sufficient vindication
from the implied charge of the Third Auditor, of
wrong and concealment.
There is a certain transaction in regard to ex-
change of property between the volunteer service
and the Indian service, in respect of which the
Third Auditor arrives at a very wrong conclu-
sion. The Indian service hind from the volun-
teer service, horses and mules and oxen, at fifty
cents per day, per animal, and wagons at fifty
i\r,w Seiiii
