1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8S1
defeat the object that is sought to be attained.
We have had some little experience about this in
my own State; and the way we havese tiled down
there is to make every man liable for his stock,
and an amount equal to it; but if you incorporate
any company, and make every stockholder liable
for the whole amount of its debts, if ever insol-
vency comes, (and that is the only thing you want
to guard against,) the result will be that the men
who ought to pay for it will skulk, and they will
leave to the small and honest stockholders the
whole burden; whereas* if you make each man
liable for twice the amount of his stock, it will be
a safe and wholesome provision. If you make
every stockholder liable fur ther whole amount of
debts, if ever there comes any difficulty, the know-
ing ones who have money will skulk, and leave
the innocent men to pay.
The'qupstion being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 24, nays 18; as follows: '
YEAS—Messrs. Bright. Rrodenck, Brown. Clay, Chng-
rnan, Cnttenden, Davi&^Frtch, Green, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, King, Mason, I'ugh, Iteid,
Rice, Sebastian, Slide]), Toombs, Wade,Wfiglu,and Yulee
—24.
NAYS—Mes-rs. Allen, Bates, Bayard, Benjamin, Came-
ron, Chandler, (Jollatner, Davis, Doohttle, Fe-&enden, Ilale,
Hamlin, Flat I an. Kennedy, Sewaid, Shields, Simmons, and
Thomson, of New Jersey—18.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs on the amendment, in the nature of a
substitute, offered by the Senator from Iftinois
[Mr. Douglas] to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill, and insert:
That the corporations of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown, respectively, are hereby empowered to nuthor-
ize such persons, or companies, as they j-liall see piopci, to
construct and Iny down double track uuhvavs, with the ne-
cessary switches and turnouts, on such hues, street*, and
avenues, as thev s<hall deem most conducive to the public
convenience, with a right to tun public carriages theicou,
drawn by hors^-power, for the transportation of passenger?,
receiving therefor a rate of fare not exceeding five cents per
passenger for any distance between the termini, and sub-
ject to such regulations as to the rate of faie as Congress
may. from tune to tune, piescubc; and subject also, to such
regulations a* the taid cities may, tiuin lane to time, pre-
senbe within their respective limits: Prowled, That Con-
gress hereby reserves the right to lepeal or modify this act,
and to annul all privileges acquired oi granted under it,
■whenever the public mlcrentb may require it.
Mr. BROWN. That, as will be seen by Sen-
ators from the reading of it, is simply a pi^oposi-
tion to allow the corporation of Washington to
cover the whole city, streets and avenues, all over
with a net-work of railroads, and give up your
control and jurisdiction over the subject. I hope
no such amendment will be adopted. I am ut-
terly opposed to it. I think I understand the sub-
ject; but as I am much more anxious to vote than
to hear myself or anybody else speak, I refrain
from saying anything, and ask for the vote.
Mr. HUNTER. This proposition is, I under-
stand, to give the control over the whole subject
to the corporations of Washington and George-
town. It seems to me nothing can be more rea-
sonable or just. There is in the amendment an
ample reservation of power in Congress, if they
should find these two corporations exeicising the
privileges improperly or unjustly, to revoke the
authority. What can be more just than to leave
to the city governments of these cities the regu-
lation of this whole matter? If it be right to have
these railroads m the streets, let them have them
in other streets than Pennsylvania avenue, and
let it be a question to be determined by their own
view of their own interests—by th^ sentiment of
the people here. If this franchise is as valuable
as it is said to be—and I am told it is very valu-
able—if any profit is to be derived from it, it ought
to go to the cities; and I believe they desire to
have it for the purpose of aiding their schools, and
applying it to other useful purposes. Now, why
give it to private individuals; some of them stran-
gers who come from distant cities, as I hear5
Surely, it would be much fairer and more proper
to give whatever advantages can be derived from
this grant to the city itself. I hope the Senate
will adopt the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am exceedingly opposed
to this amendment, and deem it of very great im-
portance, much more than the question which
arises between these other companies. This, I
am satisfied, will be attended with very bad re-
sults. The Senator from Virginia thinks this city
ought to have the benefit of this road. In what
way does he propose that they shall derive a ben-
efit? Does he propose that the Government of
the city should itself take this matter in hand, and
itself becomc a company for the purpose of build-
ing a railroad to be let, out of which to make
profits? That is a thing unheard of in all the cities,
and ltnecessarily leads to an interference with the
ordinary business-of a city, which has never been
considered to be useful anywhere. It necessarily
makes them operate as a private company, with
the appointment of agents and the multiplication
of officers and offices, and causes the use of this
machinery for political purposes and purposes of
favoritism, which never can be beneficially exer-
cised. Bargains may be made; men want to get
into the City Councils, and they may engage the
interest of those connected with the laiiroad to
put them into the City Councils for the objccts of
the railroad. The thing would be as badly man-
aged as it possibly could be.
Then, again, suppose the city authorities do
not manage it themselves, but propose to sell it;
that leads to bribery with relation to these same
city officers, and you have aH the difficulties and
all the corruptions which have arisen in other
cities in connection with large jobs. If you want
to keep your city clear from that, and have its
affairs well managed, do not put this great cor-
ruption schemc into their hands; for corruption
is the result of mixing up everything in the shape
of business and money with the discharge of the
ordinary duties of a municipal corporation. You
could do, in my judgment, nothing more ruinous,
and experience has proved it, and always will
prove it. It is doing the very worst possible thing
you could do.
We know that this city disregards the wishes
of Congress m many patticulars. We had an
application before us, not long ago, to authorize
one of the important railroads of the countiy to
go through the city, across Pennsylvania avenue.
The Senate by a very lar^e vote refused to grant
the application; because "they knew it would be
exceedingly unsafe to give toa railroad company
the power to run across Pennsylvania avenue. It
would be very dangerous to the numerous people
who have occasion to use the avenue as foot pas-
sengers. .Congress denied the power. What did
the city authorities of Washington do? In the
recess of Congress they undettook to grant the
privilege. We put a stop to it after wo came here.
Our opinion was so strongly expressed that the
corporation saw that if they expected aid from
the Government they must not treat Congress
with that kind of disregard of their expressed
opinion. We had an instance then of what might
begot out of the city government, contrary to the
views of those who ought to control the streets
of tins city. We then had experience enough to
satisfy us that il w<is important for Congress to
keep the control of the streets of this city, and
not put them entirely into the hands of the cor-
poration.
I cannot regard this as a matter that is requi-
site. I have heard of no demand being made for
it by the corporations of Washington and George-
town; and it they had made any such demand, it
would be, if possible, a stronger reason with me
• to refuse it, because you could do nothing which
would be likely to be attended with worse conse-
quenees. i
If Senators wish to defeat this bill, let them
vote it down; put it out of the way; I care noth-
ing about it, oi)e way or the other, except that I
should like to see a railroad for horse-cars, prop-
erly managed, through Pennsylvania avenue.
Defeat the bill if vou will, but do not attempt to*
destroy it by putting something m its place which
is infinitely worse than any consequences that
will follow frooi giving this charter to any com-
pany that rn.-v be created, in my judgment.
Mr. HUNTER. The Senatot ftum Maine,
says that he has not heard that the City Councils
would desire to have this franchise. Here is a
resolution of the councils, passed December '10,
1853:
Be it resolved by the Board of Abler men and Board of
Coimyton Couiu.il of the city of Washington. That tire joint
committee ot the councils to attend to the interest-* oi una.
coiporati'iu bfioro b". and they aie bet «_•!)}, in-
ftiucted to request and uige upon Coiigrcs-s to pa>>> Hieh
law or laws a  will give to thi> corporation lull powet and
authority to authorize the construction of ladroadsm the
streets a"nd avenues of the city of Washington, and to con-
trol, regulate, and lax the same.
Resoloed% That the Mayor bo, and is hereby, requested
to have a copy of those resolutions transmitted to the Pres-
ident of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Represent-
atives, and every member <?fthe Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives olthe United States.
CHARLES ABERT/
President of the Board of Common Council.
WILLIAM T. T)OYE3
President of the Board of J3ld&rmen.
Approved, JAMES G. BERRETT, Mayor.
These resolutions yerQ sent, I believe, to every
member of both Houses of Congress. So much
for the wishes of the corporation. I think that it
is very natural and very proper that they should
desire to have the control of this subject. The
Senator from Maine says it is impossible' that
they can execute it; he says they cannot attend
to a railroad. Nobody expects-them to have a
<?ity railroad which they are to manage, the direc-
tors and officers and conductors of which they are
to appoint.- But they can regulate the'charter,
and they can sell this franchise for something that
would be valuable to their public schools, proba-
bly for some hundred thousand dollars, which
would be a sum that could be very 'well used for
the interests of this city; but, no; he says they
arc not to be trusted with this money; it would
be a corruption fund! That is to say, the city
government, the corporation of Washington, are
not to be intrusted with the regulation and man-
agement of their own affairs. Why, sir, the
amount of taxes which they levy is far larger than
anything they could derive from this franchise.
Why trust them with that power? Why not say
" we will legislate here for you, that will be a
corruption fund; you are not capable of attending
to it; we will keep you honestand pure, by keep-
ing you poor?" That is the whole argument.
Now, I believe they may be trusted, i believe
they would administer this power far more equi-
tably and usefully for the city, than Congress
would do. I behove they would be subject to no
more impure iniluences than Congress would be
liable to; and I think they know much better what
ought to be done in regard to this subject than
Congress can know.
As an instance of disobedience on their part,
the Senator has alleged that they were willing to
suffer a railroad to cross the avenue. So they
were, and very properly, I think, and I would
vote to-morrow to give them the privilege; and I
cannot see how it would be any more dangerous
to passengers for a horse-car to cross the ave-
nue at one point than to run the whole length
of the city. The Senator is very willing to per-
mit this favorite company to run the whole length
of the city, and give them this franchise, which
everybody knows is very valuable; but he is not
willing to trust the City Councils with the poor
privilege of saying where railroads are to run in
their own streets. Is he willing to allow them the
benefits of this franchise, which ccrtainly is valu-
able, and which they could apply to useful pur-
poses?
Mr. BROWN. I think, for the reasons as-
signed by the Senator from Virginia, this amend-
ment ought to be, and will-be, rejected by the
Senate, lie says that it is impossible for the cor-
poration to use the franchise, but that it may
sell it.
Mr. HUNTER. I did not say it was impos-
sible, but I supposed they would prefer to sell
it. I should think they ought to do so.
Mr. BROWN. Then, sir, of what avail is that
other provision of the amendment, so triumphant-
ly pointed to a little while ago by the Senator,
that you have the power to repeal the grant?
Now, sir, what are you proposing to do ? To give
to the corpotation the right to put down railroads
upon the avenues and streets of the city, reserv-
ing to yourselves afterwards the right to lepeal.
The Senator tells you, they will not do it them-
selves, but sell the privilege, perhaps for $100,000.
Suppose they sell it toa company who abuse the
trui-'t; convert the whole thing into a nuisance;
! make it so monstrous an abuse that Congress will
not submit to if, and you repeal it:_ what then?
The Gompany to whom the franchise has been
sold will come and ask that the money which they
paid for the privilege shall be returned to them.
They will say, 14 you authorized us to make the
contract; wc made jt in good faith, and paid, our
money; we put down the railroad, and now you
repeal the law;" and they will be here knocking
at the doors of Congress until you foot the bill.
Not only immediate, but consequential damages
would be claimed and paid. I am utterly opposed
