212
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Defense of the Secretary of the Treasury—Mr. Jackson.
Ho. of Reps.
by a profound judgment of cause and effect. It was obvious
that the commercial embarrassment had reached a point
where it must seriously interfere with the revenue from
customs, and that, if it were to increase much further, it
would cut off these receipts altogether, or render the amount
merely nominal. If, with this piospeet before him,the Sec-
retary, by a legitimate disbursement of the surplus in the
Treasury, could an est the progress of this financial ruin,
and thus limit the decline in the revenue, a judicious regard
for the national finances would suiely dictate such a policy,
if there had been no other considerations present to his mind.
And we are confident that the end has fully justified the
measure adopted, considered in either light. The few mil-
lions which were thus disbursed afforded great relief to the
community at a most critical moment, while, if retained in
the Treasury, they could not have prevented a deficiency,
even had the receipts shown no further diminution, and the
Government would not have found the same facility in bor-
rowing in the hour of need."
^ain: the same paper of 98th May, 1858, in
reviewing our financial troubles, says:
"The clouds began to darken, however, over the commer-
cial world, and the Secretary hesitated about continuing
ins eftoib to redeem the debt. At this moment ho was urged
ftom all quarters to go on with the woilc. The argument
which doubtless had the greatest effect upon his mind, was
not thai the surplus gold in the sub Treasuiy would relieve
the banks., by supplying the demand for the precious metals
(although this w.istiue and stiongly enforced in appeals for
aid,) but that continued payments would operate to limit
the depression m trade, check the excitement which was
rapidly prostrating the mercantile interest, and thus pre-
serve the public revenues now seriously thieatened."
Again: the same paper, in the same article,
says:
" Even with the light of our present expoi ience thrown
upon it, the wisdom of this measure can haidly be ques-
tioned. It was designed to seive a great national interest,
while it should giant incidental relict to tho^e who were
supposed to have collie claims upon the consideration ot
the Department. That it was not successful to the extent
desned, we know ; but that the success w.is not sufficiently
probable to authorise the effort, no candid man will dare to
affirm."
The New York Times, a leading Opposition
paper, in its issue of October 16, 1857, says:
<c As we have no bank for the purpose, the Secretary of
the Treasniy has done much service, at the present crisis, i
by producing his hoard and poming it thiough the four l
great commercial centers, and into the mdmaty channel*of |
commerce, lie ha^ done thi* without ttavehnu; out oi Ins j
legitimate sphere, by di-bur-mq fieely for the public ^eiviee |
and ledeeming the public debt. We aie -oirylo see that !
lie has been obliged to die-continue the redemption of public |
stocks, so that no tiniltei lehef ftom ilu- <pi.iitei can now j
be anticipated. Hut what he ha< aheadv done has been of |
essential bCiviee to the buMiiex- public ;1 j
Again: the same paper, of October 19, 1857,
says:
" It should have done mote, by aveituni the embaiiass-
jnent altogether ; but the lault was not with the Secretaiy.
lie,of all men, is mo-t disappointed at the imtowaui i< .-uit.
lie, of all, ha- ie.i>t cause tor icpioach or moitiheation. Had
want ol gold been the cause ol trouble, the diliieulty would
have ended where it began, with the tailure ot the Tiii-t
Company, .md a few other like concern* involved with it
But the cause being in anoihei dneetion, the Geneial Gov-
ernment could no inoio K'inove it than it could icuiove
mouutaiiH, or clieek the wild and di^tru-sthil spuit ol hlty
bank pii'sulents without a leader.''
Those sentiments of approval wne not confined
to New Yoi k, but pti vaded the entire pr< ss, North
mul South, i well remember a most compliment-
aiy articlc from the Charleston Meieury, to the
('fleet that Providence always raises up the mnn
for an occasion requiring nerve and ability; and
lauding to the skies the conduct of Mr. Cobb, as
evincing in this transaction an extiaordinary de-
gree of both. Hut, Mr. Chan nun, no man is a
hero if the battle be unsuccessful. The Father
of his Country would have figured in history as
the rebel Washington, had not the Jhitish sur-
rendered at Yorktown, and the independence of
America been achieved. Houston and Lamar
would have been scoffed at as hlhbustering Walk-
ers, had not victory been achieved at San Ja-
cinto, and the lone star of Texas culminated lo
sovereignty. And Cobb is now ridiculed as the
weakest of financiers because a pecuniary convul-
sion, which he endeavored faithfully and ener-
getically to arrest, swept over the country, pros-
trating commerce, driving back impoitations, and
thereby depleting the Tieasui y. Such is the jus-
tice of human criticism; such the judgment ever
pionounced by frail humanity upon effort, how-
ever generous and manly, if it be not attended
v.ith complete success.
But, sir, was it not attended with success ?
Who shall say how many merchants were re-
lieved by the gold and silver which the policy of
the Secretary poured into the channels of com-
merce? Who shall say how many suits, insti-
tuted by these merchants upon those indebted to
them, (and whom they would have been forced
by their own necessities to sue,) were prevented
by the relief thus furnished to the fountains of
commercial enterprise ? How many hearthstones,
over which the hammer of the sheriff and consta-
ble would have been raised, were secured to hum-
ble poverty, and left unmolested, still to warm the
bodies and gladden the hearts of their unpretend-
ing inmates ? The prosperity of the people of this
country, Mr. Chairman, the prosperity of all the
people, from the lordly merchant to the humblest
cottager, is mutually dependent; and the capacity
of all to pay thei r debts insures their ability to buy
more of the necessities and comforts of life; and
this ability to buy is the very life-blood of com-
merce, and therefore of importations from abroad;
and from those importations flow, under our tariff
system of imports, those streams which pour
money into the Federal Treasury.
Considered, therefore, as a mere financial meas-
ure, looking to a speedy termination of the crisis,
and designed to stop its ravages at the earliest
moment, and speed the return of prosperity to
the consumer, and, therefore, the restoration of
trade and increase of revenues, the policy of the
; Secretary of the Treasury displayed a financial
ability and consummate statesmanship, which the 1
short-sighted and narrow-minded alone fail to sec
and appreciate. It is vain to ask such men how
| much longer the arm of business would have been
j paralyzed, and the heart of toil crushed, had not
! ^3,000,000 of spccie, thrown into circulation by
! the far-seeing head of the Federal Treasury,
been speeded to their relief. Equally vain is it!
i to attempt to show them how much longer it
: would have been before importations from foreign
ports would have reached their ordinary level,
and how much gieater than it now is would neces-
satihj have been the present deficit 111 the Fedc-
lal Treasury; and, as a consequence, how much
larger the public debt, and greater the necessity
of taxing higher the purses of the people. The
only argument that avails with them is the actual
hmount'that went out of the Treasury for the re-
demption of the public debt, and the precise sum
that has been brought in to supply its place.
0 Their capacity extends to the rules of addition
1 and subtraction; and to those rules I intend to
H advert for a moment. !
What was this immense amount that the Sec-
;j r< tnry paid, during the 1 evulsion, for the purchase j
,j of Government slocks? The sum total of public !
j' debt redeemed by him from the 20th September
to the time when the last payment was made upon
:i that debt, is $>2,801,739 47, an amount sufficient
11 to keep the wheels of Government in motion the
j long period oi three weeks? In other words, had
\ Mi'. Cobb not puichased the stocks, and relieved
1 the people to the extent of nearly three million
doluits tiuown into circulation, the Government
| could have postponed the issue of Treasury notes
1 just three weeks; and yet, sir, this act, springing
1 fmni a heart that sympathized with a distressed
and embarrassed community, and relieving them
|1 to an extent which cannot be calculated, has been
-1 seized upon by the revilers of the Secretary as the
principal cause of the embarrassment of theTteas-
ury; and this Administration and their friends
|' are constantly taunted with the slur, that corning
i; into power with an oveiflowmg Treasury, they
;! were foiced 111 the first year of their official exist-
I encc to apply to Congress for the relief of Treas-
'j ury notes and loans. No one knows better than
many who make the chaige and use the taunt,
j. that the whole cause was the revulsion incotn-
'' meree of 1857; and their conduct is but another
illustration of thejustice of political criticism upon
opponents or political friends whom they desire
to strike down.
The following table exhibits the precise amount
of the public debt of the United States, paid from
the 20th of September to the time when the Sec-
retary closed his last purchase, embracing all t he
public debt redeemed during the crisis: tor the
Philadelphia banks suspended specie payments
on the 25th of September; the Baltimore and
Washington banks on the 26th of the same
month; and the city banks of New York on the
13th and 14th of October:
Q02
q< 4*.
*+ (3
cto  
wit.
© Oi
o o
O ft
© o
© ©
CO £71
^ to
© ©
C P
B
By this, it will be seen that the entire amount
of premium paid, is the sum of $428,515, about
enough to support the Government three days.
Had this sum been forever sunk, it would have
been well spent in relieving the misfortunes of a
suffering community, and hastening the restora-
tion of health in the veins of commerce. Butwus
it sunk? Is it lost? Let us see.
The interest on the public debt, purchased during the crisis*,
accurately calculated up to the tunc it would have fallen
due, at the late of intcie^t it bote, amounts to the >11111
 ^1,64 2,423 03
The intense on the Tieasuty noies and loam
winch supplied Us place at the rates, up to
the time they will fall due, tliev bore re-
spectively, amounts to the sum of  1,261,047 40
Thus saving to the Government, in the way
of interest  381,375 63
The amount of premium paid m
the ledempuou ot' the public
debt is   $428,515 00
The amount of piemium lecetved
011 bids tor the new debt, h the
sum of  139,404 51
Making a difference against the Secretary's
operations m premiums of  289,110 49
Deducting the loss of $*I89,110 4U on premi-
ums 110111 the gam 111 mtei e^t of $381,373 63,
and we will have, when the pie>ent public
debt, which was snb.-tituted for that re-
deemed, is paid, an actual saving, in dolhus
and cents, ot.  .$95 265 14
I trust, therefore, Mr. Chairman, that those
who cannot appreciate the argument which I have
addressed to the heart, in asking a response to
the heart of the Secretary when it beat in sympa-
thy with the distresses of an embarrassed people,
and those whose limited mental visions cannot
embrace within their scope the enlarged policy
which looked for relief to the Treasury, from a
revival of trade, and the prosperity of the con-
sumer, will bft able to understand this calculation
in fiirures; and when they perceive the sum of
$92,265 14 actually saved to the Treasury by the
operation which they thought had reduced it to
bankruptcy, will acknowledge a truth most diffi-
cult for human vanity to confess—that there are
some people in this world wiser and more far-
seeing than themselves. With these remarks, I
dismiss the first charge by which wont of capacity
in the Secretary of the Treasury has been at-
tempted to be proved by some, and is insinuated
by others. I submit, that a more complete vindi-
cation of a public officer has never been addressed
to the minds of a candid people.
The second charge alleged against Mr. Cobb's
management of the Treasury is, that his estimates
