834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,.
after twenty-four years, the corporation has this
very power given them. Not so. We grant no
franchise to them; we give them power to pur-
chase the road, and run the road if they please;
not after twenty-four years, but as soon as the
road is made; and it is nothing more than a re-
strictive power, to guard against the idea of inor-
dinate profiton the partof the individuals to whom
the grant is made,
Mf*. HUNTER. The Senator will allow mo
to ask him a question; because it seems to me he
is making a statement which is worse for this ar-
gument than mine was on that point. It seems
now, that the city may buy out the road at $ny
time. Of course thev can then sell it, or appoint
their agents and work jt themselves, and thus be
exposed to the corrupting influences of which he
speaks.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator mis-
understands the idea 1 connect with corruption.
That is only one objection. It is the exercise of
the legislative power of granting a franchise; and
the dangers of corruption would exist, not in the
power to run or make the road, but in the power
to sell the fraschi^e. It is the grant of legislative
power to this corporation to giant a franchise,
which no State of the Union h.i.j done under simi-
lar circumstances, that I object to.
Mr. PUGH." Allow me to moke a suggestion.
Suppose the city authorities buy the road;the next
day after thai, may they not sell it to somebody ?
Mr. BAYARD. They may sell the road, but
you do not confer on them by the bill the power
of granting a franchise.
Mr. PUGH. They can sell it'on whatever
terms thev choose.
Mr, BAYAUD. I will go on with the argu-
ment. Honorai ic Senators cannot get rid of the
distinction m this ca^-e. You attempt, hv the
amendment, to «ive the legisLune power to <rrant
a franchise, which is more subject to corruption
than the right of disposition or' this ro-id afe-r ti
is made, and is a un-iliy different thin";, b< uiufe
the power to grant a fianchise embodies a great,
many things beyond the mere making of fhoroad.
There is no power either in our Stute Cove'-o-
mcnis, or here or ehewhere, wherevo* it oxhU,
more liable to abuse than the power of *<rivutirig
franchises. Now that power outfit to be, and it
must he somewhere. The Constitution of the
United States v< sts the exclusive jurisdiction over
the District of Columbia in Congress. "We have
granted for municipal purposes, police powers;
we have granted the right to make iulrs and iem-
ulations connected with the policfi of the city of
Washington, and have mode a great manv other
grants of that kinds; but i know of no instance
in which, pievious to tins amendment, it has ever
been attempted m the Senate of the United State-;
to part with that portion of the legislative power
which is embodied m the grant of a franchise.
You want hoie, bj' this amendment, to transier to
the city of Washington, the legislative power of
granting a franchise. Sir, if you can do it in tins
case, you might as well do jf m all cubes. But
suppose the proposition was, that hereafter the
city of Washington should have a right for any
public: improvements in the streets ot Washing-
ton to grant a franchise fw the purpose of effect-
ing those improvements: who would vote for.it?
You hove never done it huherto. If the>-e is a
college to be built, or anything of the kind, you
reserve yoi-r legislative po'wer: vou take cere to see
that the fren.'htse isgrairedundct'sueh conditions
and su-'i! r. guiations as you choose to impose,
and you do -.otdelegate that power to a petty cor-
poration 'jeie which is not mcorpoi.ited for any
such purpose. You grant tie m not legislative
power, \,w. the mere mmi^'crMl power of acting
und'-r the gem-rel reaulaoans which you pre-
S'Tioe; yMt tins amendment contemplates the
granting of the v< ry lushes: orier of legislative
power, Uic power to e.ite afrn-ch'se; and fian-
chists are always liable to e.o/cme corruption in
tne grant under tuo^e circumsretiees.
Again: honorable Senators luuc chosen'to dis-
lvgfid entirely the object,on ihat I made to tin,
grant over and above that, which is that the con-
jstitar,eoy interested in >he cxer.'.ise of this powr
m *ho construction of this road, is not the people
of Washington only; it is the great public of the
Ignited States. The Constituuon of the United
States gives us the authority, as representing the
constituents of the whole Union, to have exclu-
sive jurisdiction over this District. We have hith-
erto preserved our right of legislative nciio1>vh<-r'\
I am not disposed to part with the light of gioOt-
ing franchises to these parties. I say the people
of the United States have as much interest in the
proper franchise to be granted for the making of
this road, in the proper construction of this road,
in the public convenience of its use afterward?,
as the people of the city of Washington; and 1
know no reason, because the people of the city of
Washington elect members of the government of
Washington city proper, why the great public of
the United Stntesfthould be subjected to their legis-
lative authority, when, by the Constitution, it is
vested in us. I say, then, that the constituency
who will have the right to use this road, the con-
stituency who have a right to ask'that it shall h<j
properly made, arc the great public of the United
States. They are represented by the Congress
of toe United States; and the Congress of the
United States falsifies its duty to them when it
delegates to a mere subordinate municipal corpor-
ation the right to grant a franchise which shall
affect theirlnterests.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senator from Delaware
can see a- difference between the right to buy a
load and run it afterwards, and the right to make
or own a road and sell it afterwards, he can see
further than ( can. In regard to lus argument
about the constituency, or the persons who really
oueht to govern the District, it docs not apply to
the case; boeause there a reservation of powt r
in the amendment of the Senator from Illinois to
Congress at any time to revoke the grant, and to
act upon the manner m which it has been exer-
cised.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator whether he cannot Ree a distinction be-
tween a power to sell a defined' road within coj-
tain limits, and to grant a franchise to make
twenty roads?
Air. HUNTKR. Not atall, in the nature of the
power, ft is only irktIk degree.
Mr. iJKN. The difference in degree
i1? evoryth m<r.
Mr. nUiNTEIl, t There is no difference in the
nature of the power; and u was as some great
departure from abstract riirht that the Senator
from Delaware was arguing against tins amend-
ment. 1 see no such departure. I see no differ-
ctjco between allowing the corporation of Wash-
ington, after purchasing this ioad,to run it or
dispose of jt as they rhoose, and grenunj? them
the power originally to charge for this franchise
what th' v think ought to be paid for it, and to
regulate the mode in which it shall be exercised.
Air. IIROWN. 1 hope the friends of tins bill
et least will l"t us have a vote to-day. We are
wa^hn^ away the day. There are other nnpoit-
aiu makers h< fond this. i\ro doubt everybody's
mind is ma 1° no, I .should like to talk myself,
for the fun of the thimr, 'nut it will not do any
good. I hope the friends of the bill will at Lu^t
noi t dk, but let us have a vote.
AIi. DAVIS, and others, c "died for the yeas and
nays on the amendment of Air. Douc.i.\s; and
they were o \Wed.
Mr. Y/RIGU V. T desire to state that I have
paned off with the Senator from Florida, Air.
"Malloiiy. if he were present, I should vote
against the amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I should vor* forthe amendment,
but ! have paired oil'with the Senator from Mis-
sou w, Mr. Guer:-;, at his request.
Tne question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—veas 15, n.iys 3;-; as follows:
Vli -\8— ?.I Bate?. Uiu'it, Davi =. Fit/,;, iti (efc, lion *-
ton, Joi'n^o.i of Tenm-j^ee. Jomv. ALi^en, Polk,
Tuiih. lleid, TooiuIk, ,i:ir| \ 11Je •—J.">
NAVtf-— •. Alien. ] ,i- ltd. !)< II, i>«'uj irmn, I3i2i"r,
Hoi h,iu k. liuiwi, C.uii' .on, CI sik, CiU'm • n.
< V)!':!!!!!;!. f.'i itjenficn. I>r.\oa, I) )<>*Ti *•*. L'ni'; >«.•, mi en,
Fin*!]. Faor, Hale. Ifiimliit, iiai I.m. I ve^on, K'iinei'v. Knii,
luee, Scwaid, tfiiitjHi-. tf);aiii.Mi«, 'i {■ontsoit ui'iS^w Je-i>ey,
\ . uiai WutOi:—2-1.
No the amendment was rejected.
Air. TIEID. • It seems to me, Mr. President,
that if it as dcshable to build this road, as gentle-
men seem to think, it should be so arranged as
to srjvo. iiie whole cornmuMty an equal enance
Gentlemen h< re appear to concur in tile opinion,
I believe, th it it is a sort of monopoly; but my
opinion is, that in the bill under consideration, it
is a monopoly of a monopoly. If the bill is to be
passed, and you desire to accomplish the object.
! 1 wHa to see books of subscription opened, so as
to give each individual in the community a fair
opportunity of taking a portion ot the stock. I
: cannot, foi the lite of me, see the object of con-
ferring this privilege upon a particular and selected
. set of individuals, cutting off e* erybod y etac from
; any opportunity to participate in it. Ordinarily,
when charters are granted by the States for banks,
railroads, and things of that sort, books of sub-
scription are opened, and every individual in the
community is afforded an oppoitunity of going in
and taking his chances; and why should there be
auy objection to it in this case? I can see none.
1 thereforevoiTer an amendment to strike out all
; after the enacting clause, down to the word41 at"
in tiie fourth line, and to insert a proviso author-
; ixing the Mayors of Washington and Georgetown
. to open books of subscription;and when the stock
i is subscribed, to authome the subscribers to build
> the road. My amendment is to strike out the
i words:
i "That Gilbert Vanclerwcrkcn, Bavard Clarke, A^a P.
1 Robinson, and their assignees, are hetebv authorized5'—
! and insert in lieu thereof:
1 That the Mayors of Washington and Genr^otown shall
: cause to he opened books of subscription ; «uid when the
j sumo'. .$150,000 *hall have been Mib^enhed, m shares of
$100 eaen, the said oubsenbeis shall, See.
j Air. BROWN. Agreat many applications have
been made for this franchise, by a great many
parties, corporations and others, but this is an
entirely new one. I never heard of it until the
Senator from North Carolina introduced it. I
! suppose, if there had been any public sentiment
, here m favor of doing the work in that way, we .
i should have heard of it before, i hope the amend-
; inert will be disagreed to.
I Air. ItKlD. I do not know how the public
! sentiment could be very well elicited on thissub-
! ject, when it is matter of public notoriety to the
! whol*  country that the Committee on the Dis'iict
I of Columbia of the Senate of the United States,
| even at the List session of Congress, lefused to
; let a railroad pass across Penn^ylvamaavenue at
• all. That being the case, it could scarcely have
j been expected that, at the present session, public
j sentiment should be expressed as to-the mode of
• making this load; but inasmuch as the Senate
! has lef.tsed to concur with what seems to be the
' public sentiment here, to give the subject to the
; corpniute authorities of the cities of Washington
i and Georgetown, I presume that the amendment
; wlvch 1 oifer will come more neaily to the public
; sentiment than the bill itself, as reported. We
1 have the highest evidence of the fact that this bill
■ do(S not meet the public sentiment; because the
corporate authorities of the city are in favor, and
• have so expressed themselves, of another plan.
; We see another eudence of it m the fact that,
I although the bill 1ms passed the House of Repro-
i seiitativi s, there is still doubt that, if it goes back
i to the lJoust , it cannot again lveeive the sanction
i of that body. I think there is a good reason for
my amendment; there is certainly o fairness m it
! that I do not think ouijht to be objected to.
1 Air. BROWN, i hope now we shall have the
question. Let us vote.
| Air. IlEID. i n-.k for the yeas and nays.
! The yeas and nays were oulered; and being
: taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays *22; as follows:
i YE \^—IMcn-ix. Ij.ite^. l>ti<iht, Chrurmati. Col-
| lames, J)uvjs, l^neh, Fitzpatiick, Hmmou, flisafer, John-
.'•en <>! TceiK'-^ee. Jone^ MViSun/i'ui^ i'ugh, Xtexd, ^ndeli.
Y'V'im! . uiSu Yuk^—It).
' r* \Yr5— .Mew-. liaja'd, Pandf-'ii'-k. Biown, Camerop.
: CIiaii-iliT, Cl.uk. Ciittc.id'"). Divon.- Dooiitile, Ftjs^er.d"n,
' Fo(!t, }Ui'>, Ilarriiia, Il:uKui, Hereon, Kennedy, Kmg, Se-
b.iaiiay, Howard, Siiniuon.-J, \\ adc, and Wilson—^4.
, So the amendment was rejected.
Air. DAVIS. I have an amendment which I
wish to offer; to strike out in the first section the
woids which grant this authority to certain spe-
cified individuals,55 and insert in place of them—
That the corporation* of the fine* of Wa^htngtot} a.id
(Jeoiiieiuwn arc iieicby .luthonzi d l<> conv{rnct. and lav
down, adouble-traek laihvay, with the neces^aiy riwuches.
The rest of the bill will then go on just as it is
printed. My amendment simply substitutes the
corporate authorities of Washington and George-
town for the company named jn the bill.' 1 do
this because, in the first place, the corporation of
Georgetown have protested ngainst granting the
franchise to the parties named in this bill.
Air. xjROWN. If my colleague will allowmc,
I will say that they protest against a matter with
