1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
835
5
which they have nothing to do; for there is n-o
proposition in this bill to extend the road into
Georgetown at all.
Mr. DAVIS. They protest against the bill
for the construction of a road to Georgetown.
They have something to do with it because they
want the road constructed through Georgetown,
and it has been argued here as though this bill
was to furnish all the facilities within the District
that are required. 1 am happy my colleague has
now announced the fact that it does not do it.
My amendment, however, is to give these facili-
ties required throughout the District, throughout
the cities of Washington and Georgetown, where
persons connected with the Government reside as
well as in the city of Washington, all of it being
under exactly the same legislative power we have
over the city of Washington. I hold that we are
here acting as a Legislature over this District, and
that we are bound by every obligation which rests
on a Legislatuie elsewhere, not to grant away a
valuable franchise to foreigners who come to avail
themselves of it in this District, against the known
wishes and supposed interests of the people of
the District themselves. Yesterday, the Mayor
of the city of Washington called on me and said
that I was authorized to state, on his part, that
three fourths of the property holders in the city
of Washington would object to granting this fran-
chise to any company instead of to the coipora-
tion of Washington itself; that hedid not believe
five hundred votes could be obtained among the
property holders of the city, if the question were
submitted to them, in favor of this bill over one
which would give the franchise to the city itself.
These are considerations, which, in my view,
address themselves to the Congress as the Legisla-
ture of the District, appeal to our sens"e of equity,
and point to the futute interests of the District,
over which we hold this legislative power.
Mr. BROWN. One \*tord in explanation. I
said that there was nothing in this bill which
roposed to extend this road into Georgetown.
There is not. The Committee on the Distiictof
Columbia, at one time, inserted a provision, that
it should be carried'into Georgetown, at some
point named on High street; but that movement
was not seconded at all on the part of the corpo-
rate authorities of Georgetown. We heard noth-
ingfrom them,though they knew what wasgoing
on; and finally the commitee instructed me, as its
chairman, to withdraw the amendment. There-
fore, Georgetown, as the bill stands, has nothing
to do with it, simply because she did not ask to
have anything to do witii it, and did not even
second the movement which we made. I have
never heard a word from her citizens or her cor-
porate authorities m regard to it.
Mr. DAVIS. A protest has been sent to Con-
gress. My colleague has the same chance as the
iest of us.
Mr. BROWN. If sent to us, it ou^ht to have
been sent, by whoscsoevei hands it was brought^
here, to the committee having jurisdiction of the
subject. We never heard of it before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can only say that I saw
the Mayor of Georgetown this morning, and he
expressed his great satisfaction at the ground I
took the other day in favor of the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. The corporation address them-
selves " to the honorable the Senate and House
of Representatives of the United States of Amer-
ica, m Congress assembled." The second para-
graph of their rcmonstiance says:
" Having been mfoi med that the House of «fteprescnfu-
tives had pa.-sed a hill at their Icifts-e-sion authorizing: some
gentlemen of the State of N«*w Votk to lav down, and con-
struct, and huiifl aiadroad horn the Capitol through Penn-
sylvania avenue to Georgetown ; anil having ako been iu-
foimed that the paid b.ll is now in tiie Senate waitm? the
action of that body, and leasing that the said hill may pass
the Senate, ue confide! uourdut} to lopcctf'ully protot
against Us pa^aye m your honoiahle hodv, as it will depuve
the Metropolitan Raihoad Company of the benefit of con-
necting their load with the Balumote and Washington
branch of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad."
And it then goes on to express their wishes.
Mr. REID. I ask for the yeas and nays on the
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
uMr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make an expia-
tion before the call goes on, for fear some gentle-
men may be misled by what I said. I stated that
1 saw the Mayor ofGeorgetown this morning, and
that he expressed his satisfaction at my favoring
the bill the other day. I have been called out since
andlearoed that I was mistaken. I supposed that
the gentleman who spoke to m,e was ibe Mayor
of Georgetown. I have always known him as
such—Mr. Addison—but I find that the M^ayor
has been changed. [Laughter.]
The .call being concluded, the result was an-
nounced—yeas 19, nays 27; a3 follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bates, Bnght. Chesnut, Chnginan, Col-
lamer, Crittenden, Davis,Dixon,Fitzpatrick, Hunter, John-
son ofTennessee, Jones, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Reid, Siidell,
Toombs, and Yulee—19.
NAYS— Messrs. All^n, Bayard, Bell. Broderick, Brown,
Cameron, Chandler, Clark, DoohttJe, Durkee, Fessenden,
Fitch, poot, Hale, Ilamim, Hailan, Iverson, Kennedy,
King, Rice, Sebastian, Seward, Simmons, Thomson of
New Jeisey, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. PUGII. I offer the following amendment,
as an additional section to the bill:
Jlml be it farther enacted, That, in consideration of the
franchise and privileges hereby conferred, the persons
named in the first section of this act. and their assigns,
shall, annually during the term of such franchise, pay to the
corporate authorities of Washington and Georgetown an
amount equal to one sixth of the income of the stud rail-
way, over and above the neeessary expenses of manage-
ment, two thirds of which amount shall be lor the support
of the public schools in the city of Washington, and one
thud for the support of the public schools m the city of
Geoigetown.
Mr. BROWN. I have only a word to say in
refemice to that amendment. In the first place,
you are giving by it something to Georgetown,
which has nothing to do with this franchise at
all. You £rant, by the bill, to this company, no
power m Georgetown at all. Why Geoigetown
should be included in the amendment, therefore,
I do not know. Then the bill, m explicit terms,
guarantied to the city of Washington the right
of taxation, which gives her all you propose to
give by this amendment; for surely you would
not give the right of taxation, and then require
them to pay something in addition besides?
Mr. PUGII. Ceitainiy. What will they be
taxed on—their horses and cars?
Mr. BROWN. The,.railroad. '
Mr. PUGII. But on the greatest property they
will not be taxed; .and that is the property con-
ferred by this bill. It is the*right to take the public
avenue, and make a railway on it. The taxation
wiil be nominal. Neither the city of Washing-
ton nor the city of Georgetown will derive any
benefit at all; for the property that this bill gives
them for nothing, this great municipal fianchise
which you arc granting to these gentlemen, is the
very thing that will not be taxed. If you say it
will corrupt the City Councils for them to deal it
out, let us deal it out, as we arc the incorrupti-
bles. Let us see that some portion, a mere tithe,
one sixth of the income of this road, is appro-
priated to support and maintain the common
schools of these two cities. I cannot see why
Geoigetown shall not have her share, though I
will not be very particular about it. You run the
road up to her boundaries, and exclude her from
ever having a chance of applying for a road for
her benefit through the city of Washington or its
vicinity. If that is the only objection, it can be
obviated; and you can give it all to the public
schools of the city of Washington. The only
question is, whether this fortune, if it be a for-
tune, shall, some portion of it, only one sixth, go
to the education of the children. If there is noth-
ing in it—if it is not worth anything, as Senators
say, there will be nothing paid; if it is veiy val-
uable, there will be a good deal paid.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, all legislation,
to be profitable, should be equal. By this amend-
ment, you propose to tax this corporation for one
sixth of its incomc; you propose to make your
tax an arbitrary tax on it, not in proportion to the
property il?has in the road, but in proportion to
its income. Now, if you were to assess your tax
in Washington or Georgetown on every individ-
ual, and take one sixth of his income, that would
be equal; but how many people would assent to
it? Then, why should-you take one sixth of the
income of this corporation, and put them on a dif-
feient basis? I would be willing to increase your
public schools; but, in order to do that, I want
property taxed equally therefor. Lay your tax
on all the property and income of the people in the
city for public schools, and I will go with you;
but do not take this road, which you say is to be
built up by foreign capital, or because it has come
here for your accommodation, and then lay an ar-
bitrary tax on it in this way. There is no justice
in it. .
I think, Mr. President, these amendments are
severally offered to kill this bill, not to aid it for-
ward. Let your tax be-e^ual, and we wiJI-go for
it, if it is necessary andHust and judicious; but
it seems to me it is entirely arbitrary to impose it
upon this corporation alone.
Mr. HALE. I-have endeavored to govern my-
self here, sir, by national motives; and I^sball go
against this amendment, because it is sectional.
It has generally been understood that in legislat-
ing for the District.of Columbia, we should gov-
ern ourselves by reference to the views and feel-
ings of the adjoining States, out of which the
District was carved. The honorable Senator from
Virginia,.[Mr. Mason,] a day or two ago, ex-
pressed a good deal of fear at the extension of our
New England system of common schools; and in-
asmuch as it would be obnoxious to Virginia to
sustain common schools in this District, I am
against it on that ground entirely. I do n$t think
that in this District we ought to encourage a sys-
tem that will be obnoxious to our neighbors, out
of whose territory this District was carved; and
for this reason, although, if I were at home in
New Hampshire, I should beinfavor of common
schools, I cannot go for them here. [Laughter.]
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I will say to
the Senator from New Hampshire that my objec-
tion to the bill to which he alludes, was not to the
system of common schools; but that power should
be given to the Congress of the United States to
prescribe to the States the system of common
schools they should adopt, lest, by possibility,
tney might choose to inflict upon other States that
peculiar system of common schools, which, in
Oiy judgment, has so long afflicted the country
from wluch the Senator comes. Of a system of
schools, accessible to the whole community, I am
as stienuous an advocate as anybody that lives;
but my fearwas, in reference to the bill to which
•the Senator alludes, that if Congress could arro-
gate power, in giving a fund to the States, to pre-
soibe the uses to which it should be put there-
after, in some way we might have inflicted on my
own State of Virginia, alon; with others, a sys-
tem of common schools which is peculiar to the
country from which the Senator comes. That
was my view.
Mr. HALE. I understood it.
Mr. BAYARD. The object of the amendment,
of course, is to defeat the bill. It cannot be
viewed m any other light. Here is an amend-
ment which arbitrarily fixes an amount to be de-
ducted fiom the income of the road, withoutany
calculation or any knowledge of the capital neces-
sary to be employed in the making of the road,
on a mere conjectural idea that the profits will be
very large. The fact is that by thid*bill the profits
are restricted in the way I mentioned before; for
it gives the light to the city of Washington to
take the road at any time under its direction,
upon paying the valuation appraised ina fair man-
ner.
But independent of that, I differ altogether
from the honorable Senator from Ohio. He may
throw into his amendment the ad captandum idea
that this money ls^tu go to the cause of educa-
tion: the object of that is to carry the amendment;
but I'differ from him entirely as to the proper
mode of exercising the power to grant franchises.
What we have to do, in my judgment, properly,
in the grant of any franchise, is not to sell it,
either for the benefit of ourselves or any other
person, but to guard the interests of the public,
and to prevent inordinate profit on the part of
the individuals to whom the grant is made. Have
we not done it already in this bill? We have pro-
vided that the rate of fare shall not exceed five
cents, in the first instance; we have provided
further, that we shall always have the right to
: regulate that fare. That includes the right to re-
duce the rate. If we find that the profits of this
road, under the present grant, are too great, we
have the undoubted right to reduee the fare from
five cents to three, from three to two, and from
two to one, if we ohoose; and I, for one, would
rather place a restriction in that way upon inor-
dinate profit. In making a grant for tiie public
convenience, I would retain the guard of controll-
ing the rate of fare, so that we could put it down
and secure the transit for the accommodation of the
public at the lowest possible amount consistent
