THE CON.GRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
•with a fair profit to the individual who embarks
his capital; and we have that.right secured in the
bill, and I think it a much preferable mode of
restricting inordinate profit to that proposed by
the honorable Senator from,Ohio. The object of
that is plain. Without knowing, without even
bavingm calculation which would approximate to
what would be the result, we are asked to deduct,
one sixth absolutely from the- gross income of
the road over its running expenses.
Mr.. P.UGH. Net income.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 think the language is, " the
income over and above the naming expenses;"
but the Secretary can read the amendment if there,
be any^ doubt about it. Without knowing the
capital embarked; without any calculation or
statement as to what is a reasonable rate of profit;
disregarding the fact that you have previously
reserved the right to reduce the rate of fare, which
would of course secure the public interest, the
honorable Senator from Ohio, itf order to support
the public schools of Georgetown and Washing-
ton, prefers to lay an additional tax on the pub-
lic; itamounts to that, because if you do that you
cannot reduce the rate of fare. Now, if this road
is to be as-profitable as is anticipated in the con-
jectures of Senators, and, for aught I know, in
' the conjectures of the persons who want to build
it, I look forward to the fact that Congress has
the right to reduce the rate of fare, and for one,
I would be willing to exercise it. If on a state-
ment of the affairs of the company, I found the
profit inordinate; if I found it exceeded ten or
twelve percent, per annum, I should be disposed
to reduce the fare for the benefit of the public, in-
stead of making this grant to the municipal cor-
porations of the District.
Mr. BROWN. I hope, now, sir, that we shall
have a vote. I do not care to enter into the dis-
cussion. The day is wearing away, and there is
other important business to be done. When a
matter has been discussed to the point that Sen-
ators understand it, I always like to vote and be
done with it.
Mr. DAVIS. Since the amendment was of-
fered by the Senator from Ohio, I have reepivod
a note from the Mayor of Georgetown, in which
he requests me, if there be no such amendment to
the bill under consideration, to otfer one, extend-
ing the road to Georgetown. As that will rather
serve to puifect than to embarrass the amendment
of the Senator from Ohio, if agreeable to him, 1
will offer an amendment extending the road to
Georgetown, and his amendment may be voted
on afterwards, with the consent of the Senate.
Mv.PUGFI. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. Then 1 offer an amendment in
the first section, eighth line, to insert the words
44the western limit of;"so that it will read, "from
the north gate of the navy-yard to the western
limit of Georgetown;" and in the fourth section
to strike out "city," and make it "cities," and
insert "and Georgetown;" so as to rend, "the
authorities of the cities of Washington and
Georgetown."
Mr. BROWN. I only want to s^y a word m
reference to that amendment. The Committee
on the District of Columbia originally offered a
proposition to extend this road to Georgetown.
They did not find that the municipal authorities
of Georgetown took any special interest in the
matter, and feeling that it might embarrass the
bill, they instructed me, as chairman of the com-
mittee, to withdraw the amendment; and they
• did it on this idea: this company asked the priv-
ilege of constructing the road through Pennsyl-
vania avenue because Congress, having made that
avenue, has jurisdiction over it; and if they get
the right from any one, they mustgetit from Con-
gress. If they wanted to extend their road into
Geoigetown, or the municipal authorities there
desired to have them do it, then it would be a mat-
ter of arrangement between the railroad company
and the corporation of the town -villi which we
had nothing to do. We have not improved the
streets of Georgetown. It ifc a corpoiation which
improves its own streets, and i' really do not
know by what authority Congress can undertake
to say that a private company may have the priv-
ilege of putting down a railroad upon one of the
streets of that city improved by the city itself.
Suppose the city authorities should say " we do
not want this thing done," after you have author-
ized it. I doubt very much your authority to au-
thorize a corporation of your own or a private
company of yours to go into a city like George- J
town, and to put this road upon the streets. The
committee considered all this subject. This com-
pany has no sort of Objection, I am sure, to ex-
tending the road into Georgetown; but it was
thought, everything donsidered, to be better to
leave it a matter of private arrangement between
the company and the city authorities.
Mr. DAVIS. I think'the authority is exactly
the same in the one case as in the other, and it is
wrong in both. I have offered the amendment in
compliance with the request of the Chief Magis-
trate of the city of,Georgetown.
Mr. MASON. I originally offered the amend-
ment to extend this road into Georgetown, which
has been adverted to by the chairman of the com-
mittee. Several citizens of Georgetown addressed
me a note, I think, or called on me in person, say-
ing that it would embarrass this bill; and they had
reason to believe, and entertained the confident
expectation, that when the road was made, those
authorized to make it would extend it into George-
town; and as they seemed to manifest that pur-
pose, I consented to withdraw the amendment,
and it was done. I still retain the opinion that it
would be a great deal better while the power re-
mains with us, tu require that this road shall be
extended into Georgetown, than that it should
stop at the creek which divides the two places.
We know very well that these corporations, or
quasi corporations, when they possess a franchise,
become very selfish; and if we require of these
parties to take the road-only to Georgetown, it will
leave the city and people of Georgetown in their
power, for they may put the passengers down on
the borders of Georgetown, and let them provide
for themselves; or what is more probable, they
will say " we are under no obligation to extend
thfe road there; and now we will treat with you
j for a new franchise with additional emoluments."
i I think, therefore, and more especially as the re-
■ quest comes from the Mayor of Georgetown, that
| the amendment should be adopted, and I shall
1 vote for it cheerfully.
1 The question was put on Mr. Davis's amend-
1 ment; and there werfc, on a division—ayes 14,
i noes 17; no quorum voting.
\ Mr. BROWN. I ask for the yeas and nays.
. I think theie is a quoium piesent.
The yeas.and nays were ordered, and being
1 taken, resulted—yeas 20, nays 21; as follows:
I YEAS — Mfisers. Hell, Bright, Che-nut, CollauiT. Crit-
tenden, Davi*, Fitch, Fitxpatnck, Foot, Hale, Houston,
Hunter, Jolnuson of Tenne^-ee, Jones, Mason, Polk, I'ugh,
Keid, Kilo, Hebrician, Toombs?, and 23.
NA YS—Messrs. Allen. Bnvaid, Benjamin. Bigler, Htodei-
ick, Brown. Oameion, Chandlet. Olaik, Dixon, Doohttle,
Jlurkee, Feypendeu, Ilamlin, Haiian, Kennedy, Seward,
.Simmon-', Tiumbull, Wade, and Wit.son—21.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The question recurs on the amendment of the
! Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pugii.]
!j Mr. PUGH. I want todivide the money equally
!i between the two corporations.
Mr. I^ROWN. One has twelve thousand peo-
j; pie and the other seventy thousand,
l' Mr. PUGH. I only wish to say one word in
response. If there is any difficulty of the sort
;; suggested by the Senator from Mississippi, I can
II modify that part of the amendment afterwards.
It is stated that this is unequal taxation on the
|1 property of these persons. * It seems to me that
!1 the plausibility of that suggestion is its only rec-
'i ommcndution. The taxation upon these persons
[i heretofore authorized by the bill, is taxation upon
I; their cars and their horses. Is that their prop-
erty? Would they sell it for the value of their
i' horses and cars the next day after they built the
ji road ? No, sir. It is the franchise that has not
been taxed at all, and that will not be taxed, cx-
j1 cept by some such amendment as this, and that
}■ is nine tenths of the profit. That is the valuable
:! thing; that is the property which you confer, for
i" it is property, if you touch it, they will show
i you that it is property, for they will bring you
; i into the courts, and insist that it is property; and
I; that is not taxable, except m the way I propose.
What do the Legislatures do? I behove the
;j State of Pennsylvania regularly charges a bank a
ij bonus for every charter, although she subjects
il them to taxation; she taxes them on their money;
j: taxes them on the whole capital, and then taxes
[\ theiii ori their franchise, which is property created
bylaw. You are creating for these gentlemen,
in this bill, the exclusive right to run their trains
through the cities of Washington and George-
town; you are creating five times the capital that
they will ever put into it, and I ask that, when
they are made the beneficiaries of so great a public
trust, for their own private advantage, a modi-
cum of that which you confer to-day shall be paid
in aid of the municipal authorities of these two
cities to canyon the public schools. I believe
we paid, by a bill passed at the last session, a
great deal for these schools. How much did we
agree to pay out of the Treasury ?
Mr. BROWN. I do not think we^agreed to
pay anything.
Mr. PUGH. Well,abill passed the Senate,I
think, to pay fifteen thousand dollar# a year, or
more, out of the Treasury of the United States,
to keep up these public schools. Now, I should
like that this private corporation, which has
usurped a franchise in the city of Washington,
pay alittle outof itstreasuryforcommon schools.
However, as my friends over here particularly
set up to be the great friends of common schools,
for their benefit, and especially for the benefit of
the Senator from New Hampshiie, I call for the
i yeas and nays.
j Mr. BROWN. Then I hope we shall have the
S vote. I do not want to say anything.
| Tne yeas and nays were ordered.
I Mr. WILSON. 1 should hke to hearthe amend-
; ment read as modified.
i The Secretary read it, as follows:
| .foul be it further enacted. That, in consideration of the
! franchise and pnvileges hereby conferied, the persons
named in the lii^t section of this act, and their assigns, shall
i annually, during the term ot such hanchi-e, pay to the
; coipoiate authorities of Washington and Georgetown an
I amount equal to one sixth ot the income of said railway
! over and above the necessary expense'- of management, one
I half of wtnch amount shall be loi the support or the public
l schools m the city of Washington, and one half for the sup-
! poit of the public schools in the city uf Geoiyctown.
j Mr. HALE. I move to amend the amendment
' by inserting, after the woid " expenses," tho
, words," and six per cent, interest on the capital
i invested."
1 Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will vote for the
' amendment then, I will accept his amendment,
i Mr. BROWN. I hope we shall have a vote.
1 Mr. PUGH. With the leave of the Senate, I
. should like to modify the latter clause of the
• amendment so that the amount shall be divided
I between the cities of Washington and George-
: town in proportion to the number of children at-
S tending school in each.
j Mr. SIMMONS. Did the Senator from Ohio
! accept the amendment of the Senator from New
' Hampshire ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Senator from New Hampshire
will repeat his suggestion, that the Secretary may
| get it?
; Mr. HALE. The Senator from Ohio moves
fto make them pay one sixth of their income, after
j deducting their running expenses, and I propose
| to add " and six per cent, per annum on the cap-
I ital invested."
j Mr. SIMMONS. This I understand to be a
| proposition to tax mechanics that come Trom the
| navy-yard for the support of the public schools
in Georgetown.
Mr. WILSON. Do we understand that the
Senator from Ohio accepts the amendment of the
Senator from New Hampshire?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, sir.
Mr. BROWN. Read it as amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
i j-lnd be xt further cnacteJ, That, m consideration of the
•franchises and pnvdesied heieby eonfoired, the persons
i named in the first section ot this act, and then assigns, shall
annually, duuns the term of ^ueh franchise, pay to the
eoipor.ile authorities of Washington and Geoigerown an
amount etjual to one sixth of the income of the said railway,
ovei and above the necessary expenses of in jnageiyent, and
six per cent, on the capital invented, which amount shall
be lor the support ol the pubhc schools m the citios of Wash-
i ington and Geoigetown, and divided between them m pro-
poition to the number of children attending the same.
Mr. BENJAMIN. 1 have paired off on this
question with the Senator from Georgia, Mr.
Toombs.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Bates, Bright, Ciiesnut, Coiiamer, Davis,
Durke#, Fitch, Fitzpatnek, Harlan, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mason, Polk. Pngh,„Reid,
and Wilson—18.
