888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
backed my position at last retired and got up ap-
plications of their own for this privilege, and it
was at that point I gave up all hope of protecting
the avenue, and determined to stand by Vander-
werken, who, as I told you the other day, came
in under the eye of yoiir sleepy bankers and gro-
cers, and other men of fortune, and put his om-
nibuses and his stock upon the avenue, and took
the hazards of the enterprise. He made it suc-
ceed, and out of that he conceived the idea of put-
ting down a railroad. They opposed it. They
beset the committee from day to day against the
granting of the franchise to Vanderwerken, or
anybody else. The next we heard of them was
that they were petitioning for the franchise them-
selves. I, as a Senator, want it understood that
that kind of game cannot be played with me by
bankers or grocers or anybody else.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, what is the
question before the Senate?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Upon concur-
ring in the amendments made to the billin Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BAYARD. Although there have been sug-
gestions thrown out to us hy those who oppose
this bill by every species of amendment, and have
voted for every species of amendment calculated
to kill it, suggestions have been made with a view
to postpone it; but no motion to that effect has
been made, and the simple question now is on
concurring in the amendments.
Now, sir, as regards the honorable Senator from
Maryland, who is absent, it is stated, on account
of sickness, i should like to know on what au-
thority it is said that he is absent from sickness ?
1 received a communication from him yesterday,
requesting my attendance at the Library Commit-
tee, which indicated nothing on his part but the
expectation that he would be present. He is not
here, but I heard nothing about his sickness until
it was suggested here. The Senator from Mary-
land desired, of course, to have the Metropolitan
Railroad Company the grantee of this privilege,
anstead of the parties named in this bill. lie tried
it, and the Senate voted it down. That is a mere
private question. There is no reason, after we
have been discussing this bill annthprday, and
we can only take up Saturdays, why we should
postpone it (unless we mean to gratify those gen-
tlemen who show that they intend to defeat this
bill if possible) on suggestions of sickness, of
which theie is no evidence. 1 have reason to sup-
pose that the Senator from Maryland has gone
away, not from sickness, but because other rea-
sons carried him away, and that he is not detained
by sickncss. If there was evidrncc of that, it
might present a different case. But after all, his
amendment only involved a question between pri-
vate individuals. Any gentleman can renew that
amendment in the Senate, if we concur in these
amendments, that does not debar any gentleman
from renewing the amendment that was moved
by the honorable Senator from Maryland. The
Senate can decide it, whether he is here or not
here. The argument has been exhausted. We
know that we cannot secure the attendance of a
large number of the Senate on the days assigned
for District of Columbia business for any length
of time. You will have no fuller vote on another
occasion, and especially on the mere question of
who is to be the grantee of this particular fran-
chise.
The real object of this postponement is to kill
the bill, just like many of the amendments that
have been offered to the bill. Those who think
the road had better not be made; those who think
the charter ought Hot to be granted m the form in
which the bill has been amended, with or with-
out amendments, will of coursc vote to postpone
it, and kill it indirectly; but those who really
think the road is necessity, that the bill is prop-
erly guarded, that the bill ou^ht to be passed,
will resist this idea of postponement under the
suggestion ofthe absence of an individual Sena-
tor, from sickness, without any evidence of such
a fact.
Mr. BRIGHT. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania traveled out of his road, rather, to attack the
report and bill I reported yesterday from the Com-
mittee on Public Buddings and Grounds, in refer-
ence to watering the cities; and I must think, fiom
the random manner he has spoken of them, that
he has not read either of them. I am sure he did
not read either before they were reported; and he
has scarcely had time to do so since they came
from the hands of the printer.
Mr. CAMERON. If the Senator will allow me,
I will say that I did read the bill.
Mr. BRIGHT. Then, I should be glad to know
where that Senator finds what he is pleased to term
" snakes " in the bill; and I shall call on him, sir,
when the time comes for the consideration of that
bill,to point out wherein he finds what he is pleased
to term " snakes." I suppose he means snakes
such as we now have before us.
Mr,. REID. Snakes in the i~on, but not in the
water.
Mr. BRIGHT. This is not the proper time,
however, to discuss the merits of that measure;
when it comes up, I trust I shall be prepared to
do so, if necessary. I was in hopes, however, that
the bill referred to would p'ass this body without
opposition, for the necessity of'it has been well
explained by my fnerd, the honorable Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. President, 1 am responsible for the sugges-
tion that the honorable Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Pearce] was absent in consequence of in-
disposition. I did so from an interview which I
had a few minutes since with the honorable Sen-
ator from Mississippi. I knew that the Senator
from Maryland took some interest in this bill. I
knew that he was representing what he regarded
as the interests of a part of his constituency, who
live along a line of road proposed to be construct-
ed from the Distiict of Columb'a to the Point of
Roclft, on the Baltimore and Ohio railroad. I
knew that he was favorable to this enterprise. 1
knew, as every Senator knows who heard his ar-
gument on the amendment he offered to this bill,
that he regarded the making of the line of road I
have mentioned, as a matter of infinitely more im-
portance than the work contemplated by the bill
under consideration; and hence my motion, or
rathersuggestion, that I thoughtthesubjectshould
be postponed until he was present.
1 gave my reasons at some length when this
bill was under discussion before, why I favored
a grant of this franchise to what is termed the
Metropolitan Railroad Company. The honor-
able Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] \
says that he is not to be driven from his purpose i
by the objections of bankers and brokers, the j
Parkers, and various other parties that he saw !
proper to name. In reply, I say 1 am not-to be j
driven from my support of a proposition that 1 j
believe to be light within itself, immaterial what '
array of strength may be presented foi it in or j
outside of Congress. Such allusions weigh noth- ;
mg with me. Congress and the country goner- '
ally are infinitely more interested in making a j
railroad from tins district to the western country", !
shortening the distance as it does forty-six miles, j
than they are in making a horse-railroad thiongh !
or along evei y avenue and street in this city. The
Metropolitan Raihoad Company has been organ-
ized by the oldest and most substantial citizens
of this District. The men who have a stake in the
community m which they live, the men who own
the largest interns in the District of Columbia, |
the farmers of Maryland, on and contiguous to 1
this line of road, are its stockholders, owners,
and directors. It is this o.hiss of citizens who •
claim this valuable franchise in aid of the lauda-.j
ble enterprise they are engaged in trying to pros- j
ecute to completion. I
Now, sir, I come to the question of priority. |
There is great stress laid on the fact that Mr. j
Yanderweiken and his associates were the first !
to claim thia franchise. That is a total mistake. I
The claim to this charter was conceived by the j
directors of the MuropoKtan railroad. They j
claimed it three years before the corporators i
named in the bill before us. They petitioned i
both branches of Congress in 1854; and the rec- !
ords will show that thev were voted down, mainly i
on the ground that Congress was unwilling to 1
obstruct the avenue with such a work, it"was i
subsequent to their petition, and their oiler to :
make a railway along Pennsylvania avenue as an 1
auxiliary to the Metropolitan railroad, that Mr. 1
Vanderwerken and his associates made their
claim. Hence, sir, if there is any benefit to
result from priority, that priority is with the di- '
lectorsof the Metropolitan Railroad Company, i
And, sir, they do not ask it for personal profit.
It is no job w'ith them. They ask it for the pur-
topose of aiding them m making a line of road that
every man who lives in the "West and Southwest
is interested in seeing made. As before stated.it
is forty-six miles nearer from Washington or
Georgetown to the Ohio river than it is by the
present circuitous line of travel.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator will
allow me to say that I understand the Loudoun
and Hampshire railroad, now in the course of
construction, when constructed will be thirteen
miles nearer to Piedmont than this Metropolitan
railroad, if made to-morrow; and is nearly con-
structed now. So Mr. Ould informed me within
two days.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have no doubt the statement
of my friend from Delawaie is correct; but I do
not believe the prospect for making the road he
refers to is as good as for making the road about
which I was speaking; but if it were made it
would start from Alexandria, and not within the
limits of the District of Columbia.* I stated, a
few days ago, that it was the saving of distance,
consequently of tin)? and money, to all that trav-
eled or shipped freight, that should form an im-
portant consideration in the settlement of the con-
flicting claims set up by those who seek this gra-
tuity at the hands of Congress. The grant, in
one case, will inure to the benefit of the public;
in the other, to a private company. I have no
feeling or prejudice against this company; on the
contrary, all that 1 know ofthe corporators named
in the bill is favorable; but in parting with what
is regarded as so valuable a privilege as this, I
must be governed by what I regard the greatest
good to the greatest number, irrespective of per-
sonal feeling.
However, I cannot say that I have much ex-
pectation that the Senate will reverse the vote
already taken on the amendment of the Senator
from Maryland, who is now absent. It looks very
much as though the passage of this bill, in its
present shape, was a foregone conclusion; but I
must be permitted to exptess my surprise at the
vote on the amendment offered by the honorable
Senator from North Carolina, [Mr. Reid.] That
amendment would have given the citizens of the
District generally an opportunity to subscribe for
the stock; and if it is to be as profitable an enter-
prise as many suppose, what justice or propriety
is there m granting it away to a few individuals ?
I will only state that I had two objects in view
in making the motion I did: one was' to give the
Senator from Maryland an opportunity of renew-
ing his amendment in the Senate, and being here
to present, in a stronger and more forcible manner
than I claim to be able to do, the argument in
support of his amendment; another was to have
a full Senate when the final vote should be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Chair
understand the Senator from Indiana to make a
motion?
Mi. BRIGHT. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of the subject until Saturday
next.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish merely to remark, in an-
swer to some statements made by the Senator
from Delaware, that I perceive there must be very
little merit m the side he advocates, because, with
his ability, if he had had anything to adduce in
the form of fact or argument, he would not have
descended to the level of impugning the motives
of others. I could hardly have expected, from the
courtesy and ability of the Senator from Dela-
ware, that he would, even to sustain a matter in
which he seems so deeply interested, and m which
both his heart and his judgment seem to be trav-
eling to the same conclusion, have directed against
those who opposed his views the charge of seek-
ing by any indirection to defeat them. The Sena-
tor announces that the Senator from Maryland
cannot be sick, because he got a notice from him to
attend a meeting of the Library Committee 
Mr. BAYARD. Excuse me. I did not say
the Senator could not be sick; I said there was
evidence but the mere suggestion of sickness,
and that I had no reason, from the terms of that
notice, to suppose he was sick; that the mere sug-
gestion of sickness was no evidence.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator adduced the fact
of his being notified to attend a meeting of the
Committee on the Library a? proof that the Sen-
ator from Maryland could not be too much indis-
posed to attend in the Senate. That is the fact
he produces.
Mr. BAYARD. The terms of the notice were,
