1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83S*
that at the request of Mr. Pearce, who was ab-
sent and expected to bo hack on Friday morning,
a meeting of the committee would be held; with-
out the lemotest su^estion of sickness on his
part. I thought it highly probable—and if the
Senator will excuse m«, I think so still, unless
he states of his own knowledge—that the honora-
ble Senator from Maryland has not been detained
by sickness.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no personal knowledge,
and have not pretended to have any on that point;
but now the Senator informs me—I did not gather
the fact from Lis remarks before—that in the''terms
of the notice he found that Mr. Pearch requested
a meeting, and expected to be back. What does
this imply? That he was detained by something
which occurred, but which was beyond his knowP
edge at the time the notice was given. The Sen-
ator knows that the Senator fiom Maryland was
sick for some time before he went home; was for
a number of days confined to his room unable to
attend in the Senate; that he went home: that he
has not returned when he wasexpocted by those
•who knew most about Ins movements. I supposed
he would have been back; but when I inquired
yesterday, underf he supposition, from something
1 heard, that ho would be hone then, whether he
had returned or not, I was told he had not re-
turned, but was at home sick. I have no know!- ■
edge on the subject, and pretend to none; but all ■
the circumstances certainly suggested to my mind
that the Senator was detained by indisposition;
and the mere matter of the notice, which the Sen-
ator from Delawaie adduces, is to mc confnma-
tory of that view. The terms of the notice to me
are confirmatory of my impression.
But the Senator fiom Delawate supposes that
those who offer tins as a reason for postponing
this bill, those who ask that another public meas- '
urc shall be consideied, can have no other motive
than the defeat of the bill. Now, what is his :
position? Urging it forward to a vote, when those :
who are best infonned arc absent; it for-
ward to a vote, when two Senatois whose amend-
ments were offered are absent—one known to be
sick, and the other believed fo be so; seeing that
he is able, by the votes on the amendments this
day, to carry the measure he is for; driving it to
a conclusion m the face of another pubh^ .meas-
ure, which requires prompt action; and then he
turns around to us, those who are not wilhng to
submit to this termination of it, and charges'ihat
we are seeking by indirection to defeat the meas-
ure. I am ulwdys soiry when 1 hear a Senator,
of much lower ability and less noticeable by his
uniform courtesy than the Senator from Dela-
ware, arraign the motives or impeach th<> conduct
of his brother Senators in this Chamber ] shall
abandon my case when I am reduced to the nar-
row strait of assuming motives for others, to vin-
dicate the course winch 1 puisue.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. I5resident, 1 was not aware
that it was any imputation, certainly none duect-
ed to she honorable Senator from Mississippi, to
state the fact which seemed to me very apparent,
that the opponents of this bill, or some of iliem, I
care not which, had, by every species of amend-
ment, right or wtong, endeavored to defeat this bill;
that they had kept up the debate on a former oc-
casion until the Senate was not able to retain a
quorum; that the debate is renewed again, and
violently contested on every species of amend-
ment that could be offered. 1 he Senate ivmstdraw
its own conclusions. I did not mean to impugn
the motives of any honorable Senator, bat i did
mean to assert the fact, which I still believe, and
I do not think there is any want of courtesy in
saying it, that the opposition to this bill has been |
to defeat it by multiplying amendments lo the bill, j
That is what i moan to say; and that the enemies ;
of the bill now propose to postpone if. I see no \
reason given for that; and, therefore, must vote
against it.
Mr. DAVIS. That is a parliamentary mode .
sometimes of defeating a bill, and those who i
choose to adopt it may. For myself, I have of- '
fercd two amendments, and their face shows the ;
faith with which they weie offered. But it is not I
the Senator's criticism on that paiha-riontury 1
method of defeating a bill to which 1 object. It 1
is that the Senator should rise and point to the j
particular thing which was brought forward by !
the Senator from Indiana, and I think properly, ■!
as an appeal to the courtesy and fairness of the 1
I Senate. I think it is both discourtesy and un-
M fairness to disregard it.
'I Mr. BItlGHT. I did not understand the hon-
■ j orable Senator from Delaware, as alluding to mc
at all when he spoke about factious opposition to
II this bill.
Mr. BAYARD. I made no allusion to any
individual.
Mr. BRIGHT. I did not offer an amendment,
though I voted for several. I this morning an-
nounced, when the bill was taken up,that! would
| press the bill which made provision for introduc-
; mg water into the city, and thought it should be
| taken up and considered in preference to this. 1
j was assured by the honorable Senator who had
charge of this bill, that its consideration would
; not occupy more than halfthcday;thot tie wished
; to get through with it in time to take up the bill
| which I was anxious about, lhope tlie Senator
i from Delaware did not refer to rue as one of the
, Senators making a factious opposition. I am
' anxious to see the road made. 1 think it a matter
of much more consequence that ihe road shall be
made, than who shall make it, but as an issue has
| been, made here as to who are the proper author-
! itics to make it, and who are justly entitled to it
i m view of the past, as a matter of course, 1 have
! my pieference, and I have expressed it. 1 have
1 consumed, perhaps, less time than most others
! who feel as deeply on the subject as t do.
Mr. BAYARD. I have but a word to say to
my friend from Indiana. 1 had no individual lef-
eretiee, as I said befoie, to any one. I spoke of
the gem-iid opposition to this bill, and 1 still think
! of it as I d'd before. Now, sit, when die homn-
: able Senator from Mississippi intends heieafterto
lecture any gentleman on the subject of courtesy,
I think he ought to recoMeol t he conclusion of his
own remarks, lie says that it is both unfairand
discourteous, on the pai tof those who are in favor
of the bill, to vote against the postponement of it
on this occasion. I am soiry the honorable Sen-
ator enteitains such an opinion. 1 do not know
whethei it was leveled individually against me or
li.it. 1 < nnMd'T th.it the bill lias been duly dis-
cussed , and o'ight to pass; and I mean to vote
against any postponement.
The PRKSIDIMG OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana, to
pn,sr poiio (he fu nher consideration of this bill until
Saturday next. . ;
The motion was not agreed to; there being on !
a divisem—ayes 13, noes 24. j
The PREiSl DING OFFICER. The question |
m ur$ on coucuning in the amendments adopted !
by the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole. I
Mr. BROWN. I again submit to the Senate a 1
proposition either to concur in ah the amend-
ments together, or reject them altogether, if one '
j:oc.s m, let them all go in. If one goes out, let <
them all go. I suppose there will be no objection I
to that. ,
Mr. HUNTER.. I would rather separate the 1
one m logard to the navy-yard. I should like a
s  pai are vote on that. I am willing to vote on all
the ot hei * together.
M r. BRO WN . Very well; let us take the vote
on the re&t all together.
Mr. PUGH. I object to that. I want a sepa-i
ration, j ihink, after the observations made by the
Senator from Delaware, that there is no call on
me, at least, to facilitate the passage of this bill.
The only amendment which I have offered to the i
bill was sufficiently explainedatthetime. I believe j
i have voied for most of the amendments which !
have been offered by other Senators; but when
Senators think to press the bill through by im-
peaching the motives of those who oppose it, by ;
charging them with being factious, and with re- !
sorting to various means of defeating it, so far as |
I am concerned, at least, they lose all title to ap- j
peal to me in the premises,and, therefoie, I insist
that those voie.s shall be separately taken. The j
Senator irom Mississippi says he wants them all |
to stand together oral! to fail together. Why so? :
Their merub ate different.
Mr. BROWN. I beg your pardon. I said I
was willing for them all to stand together, or all
to fall together; but I have no particular prefer-
ence about it. I thought it*was an easy way of
getting clear of the difficulty; but do not talk
about it now. If you want a separate vote on
each amendment, say so, and let us take the vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
• unanimous consent to take, the vote oil all the
propositions in the aggregate.
Mr. HUNTER. I withdraw my call for a sep-
\ aration. 1 believe we shall be stronger in resist--
'; ing them in a lump than by separating them.
,; Mr. BROWN. I thought so.
j The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
I, is on concurring in the first amendment made as
i in Committee of the Whole.
| Mr. DAVIS. This is the proper time to renew
the amendment of the Senator from Maryland, if
it be renewed at all.
| The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
, suggest that the proper time will be when the
i Senate shall have acted upon all the amendments
' reported by the Committee of the Whole. The
Secretary will read the first amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought the objection
was withdrawn by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER.' So far as 1 am concerned, I
withdiaw the call for a division.
Mr. PUG1I. I renew it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands the Senator from Ohio to demand a
separate vote «on each proposition. The first
amendment is in lines seven and eight of the first
section, to strikeout the words, " westgate of the
Capitol," and insert, " north gate of the navy-
yard."
Mr. BROWN. I do not want to make a speech,
hut I will say this to the friends of the bill: Lei.
us take a test vote on this question. There are so
i amendments in the bill which, if it is to be amended
at all, may not as well be received as not. I have
seen none voted in that I would make positive
objection to. I shall vote against this amendment,
; simply because I do not want the bill amended at
all; but I am willing to make a test vote on this
one; and, if they beat us on this, let all the other
i amendments go in together.
| Mr. PUGII. Let us have the yeas and nays
on this one.
I The yeas and nays were ordered.
| Mr. BIGLER. Whilst I have said that I shall
| vote for a raihoad, I have all the tune maintained
; that I should not vote for a road on the terms of
i the original bill, requiring that the cars shall not
' be more than six feet wide, and the track four
! feet wide. I understand the bill is now amended
in that respect; but if the amendments are to be
rejected, I shall certainly vote against the bill. If
we are to have a railroad, let us have a proper
one.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CLARIi. My colleague [Mr. Hale] de-
sired me to state that he has paired off with the
honorable Senator from Florida, Mr. Yulee.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish to state that the
honorable Senator from Illinois, Mr. Trumbull,
has paired off with the honorable Senator from
Missouri, Mr. Polk.
The result was announced—yeas 17, nays 19;
as follows:
YEAS—Mcs«r<. Bell, Binler, Bright, Collainer, Davis,
Fitch, Fiupatnck, Foot, Houston, Hunter, Johnson of
Tennessee, Jone=>, King, Mason, Pugh, lie id, and Shields
NAYS — Me<-sr<. Allen. Bayanl, Brodeiick, Brown,'
Cameion. Cliandier, Clark, Dixon, Dooiittle, Durkee, Fes-
senden, tLuuhu, Harlan, Kennedy, Rice, Seward, Sim-
mons, Wad-;, and Wilson—10. «
So the Senate refused to concur in the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment Will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Fn p'ootion one, line eight, strike out tlie words "the city
hue of,*-* and insert •the'we&teru luiinof," before the word
i% Geoigetown."
Mr. BRIGHT called for the yeas arfQnaye on
concurring m the amendment; and they were
ordered.
Mr. BRIGHT. The question is whether the
road shall go to the western limits of George-
town, or stop at the creek which divides the two.
cities. I think it is an amendment which ought
to be adopted.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to state that it was
represented to the Committee on the District of
Columbia by the corporate authorities of George-
town, or some of them, that they did not want
the road to go into Georgetown now, as they were
about to grade their streets and make a new one,
and wished the west terminus of the road at an-
other place.
