1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
217
35th Cong....2d Sess. Indian War Expenses of Oregon and Washington—Mr. Grover.
Ho. of Reps.
In fact, I wish to see a new era open up in the
South generally. I wish to see less fustian and
parade of new-fledged and broken-down politi-
cians, in the shape of so called southern commer-
cial conventions, and something more practical
and available resorted to. There is better, as well
as more profitable, work before us than the mere
cchoing of high-sounding resolutions, without a
feasible feature in them, or a possible benefit in
their provisions, to the South or anybody else,
beyond the fancy of those who pass them. I wish
to see our valleys and mountains brought into
actual use. I wish to see our streams studded
with mills, whose numberless spindles and looms
shall echo back an eternal response to their ever
and onward flowing current. I wish to see the
blast of the furnace, and hear the strokes of the
forge, declaring the fact that commerce and man-
ufactures arc in ripe development. I wish to see
the mountains of the South, pregnant with their
mines of wealth, disgorging their hidden treas-
ures, and furnishing to our prosperity as certain
tribute as they afford delightful retreats and
abodes to our citizens. In short, I wish to see
the South, in fact, what nature has eminently
designed her to be, a commercial and manufac-
turing, as well as an agricultural people. We can
then boast of our greatness, because we will then
be great and prospeious.
INDIAN WAR EXPENSES OF OREGON AND
WASHINGTON.
SPEECH OF HON. L. F. GROVER,
OF OREGON,
In the House op Representatives,
February 21, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. GROVER said:
Mr. Chairman: Not having been admitted to
a seat in this House in time to participate m the
debates which occurred a few days since, on the
subject of the Indian war expenses of Oregon and
Washington, I desire to place on record my views
touching the matter. And, in doing this, I do not
intend to go much beyond a statement of such
facts and of such explanations bearing upon this
subject, as may be relied on hereafter, to suppoit
the position which the State of Oregon and the
Territory of Washington will occupy on this
question.
It is a mandate of the Constitution that the
United States shall protect each State against in-
vasion and against domestic violence. This is the
obligation of the Federal Government to the sev-
eral" States; in recognition of which, we find,
through our whole history, that in times of for-
eign wars and Indian hostilities, the national
troops have been put in requisition to defend the
States; and, in case resort has been had to the
militia forces of any State, prompt assumption
has been had by the General Government of the
expenses incurred by each State in her own de-
fense.
The obligation of the General Government to
protect and defend the Territories and the Dis-
trict of Columbia, which are governed by Fed-
eral legislation, is more direct and of a higher
quality.
The very preamble of the Constitution declares,
that one of the principal ends to be attained by its
adoption was, " to secure domestic tranquillity,
and to provide for the common defense."
It is the first element of every civil Govern-
ment that it shall defend the integrity of us terri-
tory, and protect the lives and property of its cit-
izens. The question of assuming the expenses
of the States and Territories, incurred in repelling
foreign invasions, or suppressing Indian hostili-
ties, has, therefore, never been one of policy
meiely, but one of vital obligation on the part of
the General Government—a duty, the perform-
ance of which is necessary to our national con-
servation.
It is not necessary for me, after the eloquent
and forcible remarks of my friend from the Ter-
ritory of Washington, [Mr. Stevens,] to say
anything relative to the origin and conduct of the
Indian war of ltf55~56, embracing in its field of
1! operations seven degrees of latitude, and more
! degrees of longitud--, and involving the combined
hostilities of many powerful tubes. I need not
,! dwell upon the marked incidents of this Indian
! campaign, longer continued, more severe la fa-
; tigue duty, and more dangerous in its execution,
than any which has ever occurred on our fron-
tiers.
The existence and necessity of this war have
been recognized by sovereign acts of this Gov-
ernment, and we are not called upon, and never
can be called upon* to review and refute the false
charges of those who have chosen to place them-
selves in contravention to this conclusion.
The chairman of the Committee on Military
Afiairs, [Mr. Faulkner,] to whom had been re-
ferred this whole subject, in a written communi-
cation under date of Februuiy 4, 1859, to Gen-
eral Lane, then Delegate from Oiegon, now a
member of tins Senate, referring to the hostilities
of 1855-56,says:
The duty which the Military Committee devolved upon
me embuiced. according to my construction ol it, two heads
ot inquirj . Fir.st, the ongm ot the wai ; did the fact* con-
nected with it-* origin hhow a proper cas-e for calling out the
militia knee* of tiie Territories? Was it a nece^ary war,
mi tai as the protection of the lives and property of the peo-
ple wan concerned ? fn pursuit of this brain h of the m-
quny, f pioeined pioinptly, alter the adjournment of Con-
gte>s, all the punted documents and other information
within my reach, bearing upon that aspect ot the subject;
and, after a earetui examination, 1 reached the conclusion
that the condition of aifairs in the Territorie.s of Oregon and
Washington, in liiefail of fully justified the call tor
tin* mili;t<i of the Tenitoncj,; and I so repoited to the com-
mittee, at its fust meeting in December "
This special finding of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs of this Congress js only a leaflirm-
ance of the premises on which the action of last
Congress was predicated, when the act of August
18, 185G, was passed. This act, so far as it re-
lates to the expenses of this war, has the follow-
ing provision:
That the Secietary of War be directed to examine into
the amount ot expenses neee^auiy inclined in the r-iip-
prcsaion of Indian hostilities m the late Indian war in Oie-
gon and Washington, by the lerntorial governments, of
said Territouea, toi tin1 maintenance ofthe volunteei foiees
engaged in said wai, including pay of volunteers; and that
he may, if m his jiuiKme.it it be necessary, direct a com-
mission of thiee to ptoceed to ascertain and leport to hnn
all expenses incurred lor purposes above specified."
Does not this law recognize " the late Indian
war in Oregon and Washington,"as a fact within
the notice of the Government? And does it not
proceed to require " the amount of expense ne-
cessarily incurred by the territorial governments
of said Tei ritories, for the maintenance of the
volunteer forces engaged in said war, including
pay of volunteers" to be examined into and re-
ported for adjustment, on the sole ground that
could exist for such an act, that the war was ne-
cessary to defend the lives and property of the
citizens ?
If the war was a sham, gotten up by the people
of those distant Territories for the purpose of ex-
posing their own lives and the lives of their de-
fenseless wives and children to the dread cruelties
of savage bai barity, and their property to certain
devastation—'if their military organization was
only the mustering of the rabble, intent on bru-
tality and plunder, regardless of the interests of
their country and the policy of the Government,
then the expenses of their services might well
have been ignored.
But such was not the case. This war was a
just war. It was an inevitable war, and it was
conducted, so far as circumstances would admit
of, with humanity. Such was the determination
of last Congress upon a full hearing of this sub-
ject when this matter was passed upon.
Under this act of Congress recognizing the ser-
vices of the volunteers, and providing a method
of ascertaining the amount due on that account
for the purposes of liquidation, the Secretary of
War issued the following order:
War Department,
Washington, September 4. 1856.
Agreeably to the authority given by th« eh-vc'itb section
ofthe act of Augu-st 18, making appiopriaiions for cer-
tain civil expense- ofthe Government, lot the \ ear ending
June 30, ld37, a commission, to consist or Captain Amhew
J. Plinth, fiist Dragoons, CapMin Rut-is 1,mails, quarter-
mastei\s department, and LaFay< tie Gt over, E-(]., Salem,^
Oregon, is hereby appointed to examine into the amount of
expenses nectv.-uniy incurred m the suppression ol Indian
hostilities m the late Indian war m Oiegon and Washing-
ton, by the territorial governments of said Temtories, lor
the maintenance of the volunteer forces engaged m &aid
war, including pay of volunteers, and report the result of
their examination to the Secretary of War.
The commission is authorized to hold us sessions at such
places m Oregon and Washington as may be most acces-
sible to the claimants and convenient for the transaction of
its duties. JEFFERSON DAVIS,
Secretary of War.
This embraced the warrant and the instruction
of the commission to proceed to duty, which they
did on the 20th day of October, 1856, and after
spending more than a year in a careful investiga-
tion of these claims, traveling over the whole field
of operations occupied by the volunteers during
the late hostilities, and after marshaling the best
evidence on all doubtful points which the country
could afford, they made their report to the War
Office.
During the transaction of their duties, the com-
missioners were visited, at their principal office in
Vancouver, by a special agent of the Government,
J. Ross Browne, sent to the Pacific coast to exam-
ine into the condition of our Indian relations in
that quarter, the transactions of public officers,
and particularly the doings of this board. This
agent sums up his elaborate and interesting report
on this subject, in the following words:
"The commissioners at Vancouver have faithfully and
impartially performed their duty. Whatever sum thev may
have decided upon in estimating this war debt, I held that
amount to be jut>tly due. and trust that Congiess will at once
provide for its extinguishment "
The Secretary of War received, examined, and
approved the report of the commission. In his
annual report for 1857, he says:
£l By a law passed the 18th day of August, 18^6, a com-
mission was directed to be appointed for the purpose of
ascertaining the sum of money fairly due to the volunteers
of Oregon and Washington Territories, for then services in
the Indian wars, winch threatened to lay waste those Tei-
moiies. in compliance with this law, Captain Smith, of
the fust dragoon*, Captain Unfits IngalU. o[ the quarter-
ma.stei's department, and La Fayette Grover, Esq., of Sa-
lem, Oiegon, were appointed to examine the accounts and
claims, and to make a lepoit in conformity with the law,
and upon the facts a* they existed, so fat, at least, a* it was
possible to ascertain them.
'• These oflieen entered upon theirdutics on the lOih day
of October, 1856, and seem to have laboted with great as,
eiduity and patience in disehaige of them, until the OOth of
October last, when they were biought to a close. I have
examined this leport very caietully. and conclude that,
from the data they have adopted tor their guide, as to tho
piices for stoies and subsistence, and time of service ren-
dered bv the men, it is not probable a more just oi nccmaie
result could be attained than the=e gentlemen have amved
at. The amount ascertained to be due is a very laige one,
and Congress will have to make provision for its pavment,
it'it is intended they shall be liquidated, of which I presume
there can he no doubt."
Under this state of facts, a bill was introduced
into this House at the last session, by the Delegate
from Oregon, to pay these claims on the awards
of the commission. This bill, i contend, should
in justice have passed. The war had been recog-
nized; its necessity was not questioned; its ex-
penses had been assumed by act of Congress, and
they had been ascertained and reported m man-
ner as directed by that act. Was not this an ad-
justment made under the authority and with the
full sanction of the Government, and was it not
binding upon it ? If the action of the Government
in this case does not amount to what [ have
claimed for it, it does not amount to anything.
And the marching and counter-marching with the
"pomp and circumstance" of legislation and of
administrative action, have only been so much
trifling with a distant and important portion of
our people, who deserve, and have a light to ex-
pect, better things.
This bill, providing payment of these claims,
was referred to the Committee on Military Affaits
m the House at the last session. The committee,
through a resolution of the House, called on the
Secretary of War for the report of the commission
and accompanying papers. They were promptly
placed at their disposal. Rut, instead of a per-
sonal examination, which, under the circum-
stances, might have been impracticable, but which
was due to a subject of this magnitude, all these
papers and rolls, consisting of some half a cord in
bulk, were turned over to the Third Auditor for
an analysis to assist the committee in comma; to
a proper conclusion in reference to the labors of
the commission and the details of their work.
Although this reference was made to the Third
Auditor dining last session, with directions to
report at the commencement of this session, noth-
ing had been done in the premises when the pres-
