1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8M
therefore, that, by common consent, the title be
made to conform to the bill as amended. It ought
to be done befoie the bill be sent to the Senate.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can move to
reconsider the vote yhereby the title was adopted.
Mr. BENNETT. I make that motion.
The vote was reconsidered.
Mr. BENNETT. I move to amend the title
so as to make it read, " a bill to provide for the
final settlement of the land claims of the persons
claiming as heirs of one Jehu Underwood, or as
purchasers or otherwise, to certain land in Flor-
ida, and to confirm the title to the proper owner
or owners."
The amendment was adopted, and the title, as
amended, was agreed to.
INVALID PENSIONS.
Mr. FENTON asked the unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a bill granting pensions to
the invalids of the war of 1812, from the date of
their disability.
Mr. PHILLIPS objected.
P. S. DUVAL AND COMPANY. |
Mr. FLOP«,ENCE. I rise to a privileged qucs- j
tion. I move to reconsider the vote by which j
Senate bill No. 331, for the relief of P. S. Duval
& Co., was laid on the table. If the House does
not care to occupy its time with the consideration
of the matter now, 1 am willing that the motion
shall go over untihnext Friday. I think the House
passed over the bill yesterday without that sort
of examination which it ought to have. I do not
care, however, to take up time with it now; but
if the House shall insist on the consideration of
the motion at this time, I propose to submit a few-
remarks in explanation of the bill.
The SPEAKER. No debate would be in order
upon a motion to reconsider a vote laying a bill
on the table.
Mr. FLORENCE. Then I hop^he motion 1
will go over for the present.
The SPEAKER. The consideration of the j
motion will go over for the present, if no objec- |
tion be made. |
Mr. MORGAN. I object; and move to lay the |
motion to reconsider on the table. ;
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 hope the House,by unan- j
imous consent, will allow the report in the case !
to be read. j
Mr. LEITER. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Was not this bill t
yesterday reported from the Committee of the ;
Whole House, with a recommendation that it do j
not pass? |
The SPEAKER. It was. ;
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. And but for that !
recommendation it could not have been reported j
at all. ;
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The motion to lay on the table the motion to
reconsider was agreed to.
GENERAL LA PAYETTE.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I *nove to reconsider the vote by which the
bill of the Senate (No. 71) to amend an act en-
titled " An act to authorize the relocation of land
warrants Nos. 3, 4, and 5, granted by Congress
to General La Fayette," approved February 2fi,
1845, was passed yesterday.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
a motion waS yesterday made to reconsider the
vote by which the bill referred -to by the gentle-'
man was passed, and that motion was laid on the
table.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Then it cannot be reached
by a motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. It cannot.
The SPEAKER then proceeded to-call the sev-
eral standing committees of the House far reports
of private business.
SAMUEL A. COLE, JR.
Mr. WINSLO W, fro m the Committee on Naval
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Samuel A.
Cole, jr., late acting pursei in the United States
ship Levant,; which was lead a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Piivate Calendar, and, with the
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. WINSLOW, from the same committee :  the Ticasury to pay
reported back the following papers; which were I
laid on the table, the reports ordered to be print- 1
ed, and the committee discharged from the further
consideration thereof:
The petition of J. C. P. DeKraff;
The petition of Samuel B. Elliott; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 40) of thanks,&c,,
to Captain Samuel C. Reid, for having formed
and designed the present flag of the United States.
DR. CHARLES D. MAXWELL. r
Mr. WINSLOW also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with arecommendation that it
do pass, joint resolution (S. No. 51) explanatory
of an act for the relief of Dr. Charles D. Maxwell,
a surgeon in the United States Navy; which was
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the report, ordered
to be printed.
COMMANDER II. J. IIARTSTENE.
Mr. WINSLOW also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back Senate resolution (No. 70) for
the relief of Commander II. J. llartstene, of the
United States Navy, with a lecommendation that
it do pass.
Mr. WINSLOW. I presume there will be no
objection to putting this joint resolution on its
passage. It is certainly one which ought to pass.
It received the unanimous sanction of the Com-'
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. WASHEURNE, of Illinois. I ask if that
resolution does not make an appropriation?
The SPEAKER. It does.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
this is to reimburse him for expenses incurred. I
would like to inquire how those expenses were
incurred?
Mr. WINSLOW. In the entertainment of the
Q,uet'n and the admiralty officers of England, and
in othrrexpenses attending the return of the bark
Resolute. They were legitimately incurred in
good faith.
The SPEAKER,. The resolution can be con-
sidered now only by unanimous consent.
Mr. LEITER. I object.
The resolution was then referred to a Commit-
tee of the Wholt> House on the Private Calendar,
and ordered to be printed.
SARAH BRASHER.
Mr. HAWKINS, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a hill for the relief of Sarah
Brasher; vyineh was read a fust and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the report, or-
dered to be printed.
SUSAN C. RE-IEA.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, also, from the
same committee, reported a' bill for the relief of
Mrs. Susan C. Rhea, widow of Dr. J. Buiroughs
Gardner; winch was read a first and second time,
rcfcired to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the report, or-
dered to be printed.
JAMES H. CAUSTIN.
JMr. HAWKINS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bnl for the relief of James H. Cans-
tin, soleheir and legal representative of Joseph H.
Caustin, deceased, late purser in the United States
Navy;which was road a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the leport, or-
dered to be punted.
Aj\N SCOTT.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the same
committee, reported a bill tor the relief of Ann
Scott; which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House on the
Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying re-
port, ordered to be printed.
LUCY A. WAKEFIELD.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill for the relief of
Lucy A. Wakefield, widow of Benjamin Wake
field; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. This bill is a
\ short one. I ask that it may be read; and then,
I if there is no objection, 1 shall ask the House to
| put it upon Us passage.
The bill directs the proper accounting officer of
c Ticasurv to pay to Lucy A. Wakefield, widow
of Benjamin Wakefield, or, in case of her death,
to the child or children of said Lucy and Benjamin
Wakefield, the amount of appropriation' made for
the relief of said Benjamin Wakefield, by act of
Congress of June 5, 1858.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If T understand
that bill, it is to pay to a widow what was for*
merly authorized to be paid to her husband, who
was dead at the time the bill was passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. That is alL,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
JAMES M. GILLISS.
Mr. BOCOCK, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, made'an adverse report on the petition
of Lieutenant James M. Gilhss; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
OTWAY H. BERRYIVlAN.
Mr. BOCOCK also,from the same committee,
reported back, with a recommendation that it do
pass, an act (S. No. 171) for the relief of Otway
H. Berryman; which was referred to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and, with the report,
ordered to be printed.
CLERIC TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. BOCOCK also, from the same committee,
reported the following resolution; upon which he
moved the previous question:
Resolved^ That the Committee on Naval Affairs be au-
thouzed to omploy clerk Jorsuch tune during the present
eodPion as his sei vices may be requiietl, and that his pay,
at the UMia) rate of compensation, commence from the
time when his services began.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. FLORENCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LIEUTENANT T. HARMON PATTERSON.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Committee
'on Naval Affairs were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the memorial of Lieutenant
T. Harmon Patterson; and the same was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
SAMUEL LOCKWOOD.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Committee
on Naval Affairs were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Samuel Lock-
wood ; and the same was referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
MRS. E. A. HALES.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, the Committee
on Naval Affairs were discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition of Mrs. E. A.
Hales; and the same was referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions.
JOHN B. MOTLY.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, from the Commit-
tee on Territoiies, reported a bill for the lelief of
John B. Motly; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and ordered to be
; printed.
| CAPTAIN M. F. MAURY AND OTHERS.
1 Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on For-
! eign Affairs, leported a joint resolution, giving
; the consent of Congress to tl*« acceptance by Cap-
] tain M. F. Maury and Professor A. D. Bache of
i gold medals from the Sardinian Government;
i which was read the first and second time.
: Mr. HOPKINS. 1 ask that that resolution be
put upon its passage.
; No objection being made, the resolution was
' oi dered to be engrossed and read a third time*, and
being engrossed, it wasaccordmgly read the third
i time, and passed.
j H. T. A. RAYNALD.
i Mr. HOPKINS, from the Committee on For-
; cign Affairs, made an adverse report upon the
| petition of PI. T. A. Raynald, late United States
: consul at Eismore; which was laid on the table,
' and ordered to be printed.
} P, M. EPri>TC.
: .Mr. HOPKINS also, from the .same committee,
