220
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess. Indian War Expenses of Oregon and Washington—Mr. Grover.
Ho. of Reps.
same field. Not so at all, under any application
of this rule. The regular soldier is relieved of
every posstble expense; he is clothed and fully
rationed and quartered at the cost of the Gov-
ernment; he then receives his monthly pay clear
of charges. If lie is transported to that country,
it costs the United States $210 per man from New
York to the place of rendezvous of the volunteers.
If he enlisted m Oregon, or Washington, he re-
ceived $130 in cash, as a bounty for enlistment.
The effect of this enlistment under bounty, does
not keep the soldier in that country, for he may
not serve there six months.
There are upon the rolls of this service, six
thousand four hundred and fifty-two men.
To have recruited them on the Pacific coast, it
would have cost the United States $838,760.
To have transported them there, from New
York, saying nothing of the expenses of concen-
trating them at that city, it would have cost the
United States $1,354,920.
To this might be added $80,000 for monthly
pay during transportation.
The entire allowance for personal services re-
ported by the commission at the rate of two dol-
lars per day, is but $1,886,585.
In making out the pay-rolls of this service, the
commission did not act upon any discretion of
theirs in the premises, although they considered
the stanchud reported a just one. The law of
Congress, and the order of the Secretary of War
authorizing their action, directed them " to ex-
amine into and report the expenses incurred by
the territorial government" in conducting this
war, "including pay of volunteers."
The law of the Territory fixing the pay of the
volunteer at two dollars per day, was a part of
the action of the territorial government in levy-
ing these troops. It was the contract between the
government and the volunteers, and the commis-
sion were bound to recognize it, and to act upon
it, if they reported, as required to do, what ex-
penses the territorial government had actually in-
curred. It has been said that it was not necessary
to have paid so much. If so, it makes no differ-
ence with the obligation. But can the United
States raise troops by recruitment on that coast at
a less rale of pay? The offered bounty of $130
secures no leeruits. It gams some few reenlist-
ments after the expiration of the term of service
of worn-out soldiers, unable, even in that land
of gold and high wages, to support themselves.
The provisional Government of Oregon con-
ducted the Cayuse war in 1847, before the discov-
ery of gold on the Pacific, and when wages were
much lower than since that time. That govern-
ment allowed $1 50 per day, by law, for troop
service, and issued its bonds, payable with inter-
est, for adjusting; the account.
The State of California paid for troop service,
in 1850, $5 per day, and issued her bonds in the
same way. These were the lowest rates of ordi-
nary wages in these countries, at the time of the
service. They were just, and have been assumed
and paid by the United States. Two dollars per
day was the lowest rate of ordinary wages by the
mo nth, in Oregon and Washington, in 1855-56; and
was fixed by faw as tiie pay of the citizen-soldier.
Hut, Mr. Chairman, I will say no more on this
subject. Time will not allow.
The third resolution declares that no person
shall be paid for his services m more than one
employment m the same time, and that " all such
double and triple allowances for pay as appears
in said account shall be rejected." This is proper,
and will affect the action of the commission in no
manner whatever; for it is the rule on which they
acted. Instances may, and probably will, occur
to the contrary, owing to the complicated nature
of the original papers, and the necessity of ac-
tion by the board on these accounts, a part at one
time, and a part at another, without opportunity
of comparing and testing the whole together. But
these instances are not of the nature which the
Auditor has generally put forward m his letter as
cases of double and tuple allowance, as I have
just shown.
The fourth resolution, intended to restrict claims
for transportation, &c., is, doubtless, based upon
the following clauses in the Auditor's letter:
It appear* twin the muster-rolls that of the animals first
purchased, three hundred and sixty were lurnished the first
regiment in noithern Oregon, and twenty-six to the ninth
regiment in the south. The field and *taff weie furnished
with thirteen, and the second regiment with but sixty-
seven. These include Ion? and short periods. It is seen,
therefore, that neaily all the animals purchased must have
been used for transportation pui poses, m addition to the
great number <>f pack animals and teams hired. It is quite
probable that the animals hired for long periods might not
have been used all the time, but were m possession of, or
at the command of the Territoiy."
I will now show the fallacy of the statement
and deduction, and I will not go beyond the Au-
ditor's letter to do it. „
How many animals were there of those " first
purchased,*'which he refers to?
Quartermaster General Miller, and Assistant
Quartermaster General Zeiber, were the only
purchasers during the first periods of the war.
The former purchased three horses; the latter,
six hundred and fifteen horses and ninety-seven
mules; making, in all, seven hundred and fifteen
animals. Of these, according to the quoted state-
ment, four hundred and sixty-six were used to
mount the troops at the outstart, leaving one hun-
dred and forty-nine for the transportation of two
regiments of troops.
These volunteers executed marches beyond the
line of settlements into the interior, equal to half
the distance from Fort Laramie to the Great Salt
Lake. The advance of our little army to Utah,
if I recollect right, consisted of about two regi-
ments; and their outfit for transportation was one
thousand three hundred six-mule wagons, making
seven thousand eight hundred public animals for
this kind of transportation alone. 1 do not pre-
tend that this is a parallel case at all; but I cite it
to show those unacquainted with the subject,
what transportation is sometimes required in a
military expedition.
Most of the transportation in the Oregon and
Washington seivice was done by hired trains
and teams; a few were purchased. None were
on the hands of the Territories idle, as intimated.
There were agreat many horses purchased during
the war, but they were used to remount the
troops. The u recruiting battalions," as they
were called, were nearly all mounted in this man-
ner. This winter campaigning in a wild, unset-
tled region, without forage, except what the pooi
animals can obtain for themselves over the bleak
hills and amidst the snows, soon kills ofF the best
of horses. Our army for Utah lost five thousand
public animals by starvation and fatigue on the
line of march.
But, Mr. Chairman, the restriction on claims
for supplies contained in this resolution will not
affect the Oregon claims. The Oregon volunteers
did not have their allowances in many cases. In
the first expedition through the Yakima country,
they subsisted, as to the meat ration, principally
on capturcd wild cattle; and in the Walla-Walla
country, in the dead of winter, their rear having
been occupied by the hostiles, and their supplies I
cut off, they subsisted, solely, for weeks on the i
ilesh of their dead horses and mules, perished by (
fatigue and starvation. A portion of this time j
they did not even have salt for a relish. j
But the rule will take effect on the claims of
Washington Territory growing out of " supplies
issued to distressed families in time of war," an
issue which the Third Auditor confesses he never
heard of, but which, as my friend from Wash-
ington [Mr. Stevens] has shown, is known in
the Army of the United States, and in the mil-
itary service of every civilized Power, where
humanity prevails.
The persons who received these issues were
those who had been driven from their homes,
who had witnessed the destruction of their dwel-
lings, and the slaughter of their herds and flocks
by the savages, and had been gathered into block-
houses and stockade forts for safety. From
plenty and happiness, they had been reduced in
a day to poverty and distress. They were cut off
from any means of supplying their own wants by
their labor, for they were beseiged. They must
have been subsisted, or starved. The Govern-
ment owed them protection, and if it were not
granted at that time, the failure only adds ten-fold
weight to the obligation to relieve them from this
contingent of the want of such protection.
I cannot bring myself to believe that this House
voted for such a resolution with the understand-
ing that such was or would be its effect.
The fifth and last of this series of rcsolutiony
provides that all claims of volunteers for horses,
arms, and other property, lost or destroyed m
said service, shall be audited according to the
provisions of the act approved March 3, 1849.
This act, or rather the first section it, which bears
more particularly on this subject, I will read, with
the permission of the committee, as follows:
" Be it enacted, #c., That any field or staff, or other of-
ficer, mounted militiaman, volunteer, ianger, or cavalry,
engagt'd in the military service of the United States since
the 18th ot June, 1812, or who shall hereafter be m said ser-
vice, and has sustained, or shall sustain, damage without
any fault or negligence on bis part, while in said seivice,
by the loss of a horse in battle, or by the loss of a horse
wounded in battle, and which has died or shall die of said
wound, or, being so wounded, shall be abandoned by order
of his officer and lost, or shall s.u-tam damage by the lo«s of
anyhorse by death or abandonmenthecauseofthe unavoid-
able dangers of the sea when on boaid an UnitedStates
transport vessel, or because the United States fa.Jed to sup-
ply transportation for the horse and the armoi, were com-
pelled, by the oider of his commanding officer, to embark
and leave him, or m consequence ot the United States fail-
ing to supply sufficient forage, or because the uder was dis-
mounted and separated from his horse, and ordered to do
duty on foot, at a station detached from his horse, oi when
the officer in the immediate command ordered, or shall or-
der, the horse turned out to graze in the woods, prairies, or
commons, because the United States failed, or shall fail, to
supply sufficient forage, and the Joss was or shall be con-
sequent thereof, or for the loss of necessary equipage, in
consequence of the loss of his horse, as aforesaid, shall be
allowed and paid the value thereof, not to exceed $200:
Provided, That if any payment has been, or shall be, made
to any one aforesaid, foi the use and ri«!c, or for forage after
the death, loss, or abandonment of his horse, «aid payment
shall be deducted ftom the value thereof, unless he satis-
fied, or shall satisfy, the paymaster at the time he made, or
shall make the payment, or thereafter show, by proof, that
he was remounted, in which case the deduction shall only
extend to the tune he was on foot: And provided also, If
any payment shall have been made, or shall hereafter be
made, to any person abovementioned on account of cloth-
ing to which he was not entitled by law, such payment
shall be deducted fiow the value of his horse or aceouter-
ments."
The only feature of this lawwhich is to govern
the Auditor in his action,that I wish to notice is,
the limitation of $200, which is not to be exceeded
in making allowances for horses killed in battle,
lost, or worn out in service.
This law was a very just one, no doubt, when
it was made, ten years ago. But since that period,
we have reduced to civilized occupancy a vast
domain on the Pacific, throughout which prices
of all kinds of property range certainly one hun-
dred per cent, higher than in any part of the States
to which this law applied at the date of its enact-
ment. With what justice, then, can such a law
be extended and applied to a service which does
not fall within its purview, (for these troops, in
the eye of the law were not " in the service of the
United States,") or what line of policy, leaving
justice out of sight, would dictate that when the
citizen soldier had had a valuable horse shot under
him in battle, and could prove that he was worth
$400, he should be paid only $200; and that with-
out being allowed a dime for the service of the
animal ?
This action has evidently been based upon the
following clauses in the letter of the Third Aud-
itor:
" In the absence of any testimony on these points, I iiave
had recourse to the accounts ot disbursing officers of the
rcgulai Army m Oregon and Washington Temtones during
the latter part of 1855, and the fiist quarter of 1856, with the
view of asceitaining the prices paid by them for purchases
of property, of supplies, hire of employes, &c.
" Lieutenant Withers, during the two quarters, purchased
one hundred and eleven horses, at prices ranging fioni £60
to $2U0, the average cost being little less than $124. Some
of these are de>enbed as '.American hordes,' rangmg fmm
$160 to $2)10 each; others as 1 half breed,' at about @125.
Of mules, fifty one were purchased at prices ranging from
$140 to $200 each, and averaging §153 each."
This purchase of horses by Lieutenant Withers
was made known to the commission at the time
of their action on the allowances for horses lost
in service which they reported. Lieutenant With-
ers having been transferred from the department
of the Pacific to the department of Texas, the
commission caused the principal agent who made
these purchases to come before them. They took
his sworn testimony relative to the value of those
animals, and the value of the animals in the vol-
unteer service with which he" was well acquainted.
His statements were, that these one hundred and
eleven horses were generally of an inferior order,
that very few of them wete of American blood,
and were in some instances returned worn-out
horses from the volunteer service; that, as an
