1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
motion to lay on the table, and le t us take the
yoas and nays on the motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER. It can be done only be unani-
mous consent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest to
the gentleman from Virginia, to withdraw, by
unanimous consent, that part of his motion in re-
gard to instructions. I think there will then be
no objection.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I will do anything,
sir; and if the papers be reader—as they can be read
in live minutes—there will not be a dozen gentle-
men voting against it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman modify his motion?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Any way in the
woild. Let it be recommitted to the committee
without instructions.
The SPEAKER. The last vote indicated that
there was no quorum piesent. The Chair will
ascertain whether there is a quorum m the House
or not. [After the count.] There are one hun-
dred and thirty members present.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. Is debate now
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SHAW, of North Carolina. I hope I shall
be allowed to say that the committee lias given
a careful consideration to this case, and, unless
I am mistaken, they reported against it unani-
mously. I cannot see what useful purpose will
be accomplished by recommitting the bill.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined,
and found truly enrolled, an act (S. No. 2G3)
granting the right of way over, and depot grounds
on, the military reserve at Fort Grantiot, in the jj
State of Michigan, for railroad purposes; when'j
the Speaker signed the same. |«
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE. j|
A message was received from the Sen^e, by ij
Mr. Asbuky Dickins, its Secretary, informing j|
the House that the Senate had passed, with ''
amendments, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House—
An act (H. R. No. 664) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June 30, i860; and,
An act (H. R. No. G69) for the relief of the
Mobile and Ohio Raihoad Company.
vate Secretary, informing-the House (hat he had
this day approved and signed bills of thef follow-
ing titles:
An act providios for keeping and distributing
all public documents;
An act providing for the payment of the ex-
penses of investigating committees of the House
of Representatives; and
An act for the punishment of the crime of for-
gery, or counterfeiting military bounty land war-
rants, military bounty Land certificates, certificates
of location, certificates of purchase, and receivers*
receipts
CHILDREN OF MARTHA SWILLING.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions, reported a bill to pay to the
children of the late Martha Swilling, widow of
George S willing, the pension due her at the period
of her death, under the act of July 7,1838; winch
was read a liistand second tim 3, and committed
to a Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar, and, with the report, ordered to
be printed.
CLERKS TO COMMITTEES.
Mr. CASE, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the standing Committees of the House
which, at the Ia<a session thereof, were authorized to employ
1 clerks, be authorized to employ clerks at the present ses-
sion. at the same rate of compensation, and that their com-
pensation be from the date o/ the tervice.
Isaac Body and Samuel Fleming; and
An act (PI. R. No. 764) to provide for the set- j!
tlement of the-accounts of the late Lieutenant jj
Colonel Lewis S. Craig, for his services in com- |j
mand of the military escort in the Mexican bound- j i
ary commission. j!
And, also, that the Senate had passed bills of j(
the following titles, in which be was dnected to \\
ask the concurrence of the House: \\
An act (S. No. 556) providing for the reim- .[
bursement of moneys advanced by Governor U
Douglass, of Vancouver's Island, to Governor '
Stevens, of Washington Territory, to aid in the I
suppression of Indian hostilities in thatTerritory; I
An act (S. No. 554) to authorize the Attorney !
General to represent the United States in the pro- |
ceedmgs in equity now pending in the Supreme i
Court, between the Commonwealth of Massa-|
chusetts and the State of Rhode Island and Prov- j
idence Plantations; !
An-act (S. No 259) authorizing the courts to :
adjudicate theclaim of the legal representatives of
the Sieur de Bonne and Chevalier de Repentigny,
to certain land at the SaultSte. Marie, in the State
of Michigan;
An act (S. No. 273) for the relief of the own-
ers, officers, and crew, of the brig General Ann-
strong; and
An act (S. No. 196) authorizing the Domestic
and Foreign Missionary Society ot the Piotestant
Episcopal Church in the United States to enter a
certain tract of land in the State of Wisconsin.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received" from the President of
the United States,by J. B. Henry, Esq., his Pri-
Mr. CASE. I call for the -previous question
on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. MORGAN. I should like to know what
time service commenced, and whether this resolu-
tion will not be considered as giving these clerks
compensation during the recess,
Mr. CASE. It dates from the time of service.
Mr. MORGAN. And that seivice will be con-
sti ued to extend to the entire recess. I shall move
to lay the resolution on the table, unless a modi-
fication is made.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would suggest to
the gentleman who moved the resolution that he
accept a modification, that the pay shall be only
during the session of Congress.
Mr. CASE. I have no objection to the gentle-
man offering the amendment. It being a report
from a committee, I have no right to accept it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
amendment. *
The resolution was again reported.
Mr. WASHBUR-NE, of Illinois. No such con-
Also, that the Senate had 'passed, without i ! struction eon begiven as theresolution now stands;
amendment, joint resolution (H. R. No. 50) to 11 and I withdiaw my amendment.
correct a clerical error m an act for the relief of Mr. DEAN. 1 should likw to know how the
Committee on Invalid Pensions are authorized to
report that resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It was reported on a petition
referred to the committee.
Mr. MORGAN. Unless that modification is
made, I shall move to lay the resolution upon the '
table.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Witli the consent
of the gentleman from Indiana, I will move that
the resolution be amended so as to restrict the
compensation to the present session.
Mr. CASE. I withdraw the demand for the
previous question for that purpose; and again
renew the demand.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered to be put.
Mr. SEWARD. I should like to know when
the service is to commence?
' Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I objectto debate.
Mr. SEWARD. Well, sir, I say to the gen-
i tleman that this resolution will not recognize any
appointment that has been heretofore made, and
will be of no service. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table, and demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee, called for tellers on
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were oideied;and Messis. Chaffee
and Seward were appointed.
Th>c House divided; and the tellers reported—
thirty-one in the affirmative,
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 should hke to ask the gen-
tleman from Georgia whether the Committee on
Naval Affairs, this morning, did not report a res-
olution authorizing the employment of a clerk to
that committee; and I would hke to know if the
gentleman from Georgia supposes that is the only
committee which needs a cieik?
Mr. SEWARD, I was not prescnt^when the
Committee on Naval Affairs authorized that reso-
lution to be reported, and it passed the House
without my taking any notice of it. I care noth-
ing about a clerk for the Committee on Naval
Affairs. I have opposed the appointment of one
whenever the question has come up.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, sir, it is very "strange
that the gentleman did not make a point upon
that committee.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 51, nays 119; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Bingham, Ezra Claik, Clark B.
Cochrane, Cra<nn,Crawinr<1,Ourry, Uavisof Indiana, Davis
of D'-an, DoHd. Dowdel!, J>urfec, Farnnwortb,
Gartrcll,Gilnmn,Robert J3. Ha!!, Harlan,Hickman,Hodges,
Hopkins, Geonze VV. Jones, Kel-^y, JohtiC. Kuukel, Leiter,
Jjeieher, Lovcjoy, Samuel S. Marshall, Mason, Mnvmird,
Morgan. Momll,*Murtay, Parker, John S Phofp*. Reagan,
Roberts, Iluflin, Scales, Sewaid, Aaron Shaw, Ifenry M.
 Snaw, Ju(i>on W. Sherman. Shorter, Robert Smith, Talbot,
T.unpUin*, Undu wood, C.uiwalnd* t C. Wa hburn, Augus-
tus 11. Wiighu and John V. Wujrbt—51.
NAYS— "Mcj-ms Atliam, ASil."Andeison, Andrews, At-
k'n«, Batli-^lale, Bennett, Bishop, Blivi, l>onhairi, Boycfe,
Btanck, Iiravton, Bt\an, Buffiuton, Builinaame, Burns,
Buirouuhs, Case, Oat-fete, Uavanau«h, Chaffee, John B.
Clatk, dawson, Cobb, John Cochrane, Colfax, Coming,
ConiiMir, Oovode, Cox. Jame-. Crat^, Cmtis Davidson,
Davis of of Iowa, Dawes, Dewart,
Edie, Edintimjfon, Ktighsh, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gar-
nett, Guiding, Gilhs, Gilmer, Gooch, Goode, Granger,
(Jteemvood, Giegs, Grow, "Lawtonco W. Hall, Harris,
Hatch, Iiorton. Houston, Howard, flushes, Jackf>on, Jew-
eft, Kenn, Kent, Knllosa, Kilgnre, Knapp, Lamar, Leach,
Tividy, McQueen, Matron, Mili&on, Montgomery,
Edwuid Joy Morris. Knae N. Morris, Freeman H. Morse,
Ntblaek, Ohn, Palmei, Pendleton, Petnt, William W.
Phelps, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Powell, Purmnce,
Jteilh, ilobbtrn, Royce, Russell, Savajjc, Searing, Samuel
A. Smith, William Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stephens,
James A. Stewait, William Stewart, Tappan, Miles Taylor,
Tna\cr, ValUndmlum, Vance, Wade, Walbtidge, Walton,
Hihhn B. Wa^hiiuine, Nra< I Washburn, White, Wilson,
Wmslow, Wood&on, and Wortendyko—119.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr CASE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted, and also moved,
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. There was an
amendment offered to that resolution.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood that
there was no objection in the House to the
amendment.
Mr. SEWARD It was not voted upon; and
I object to its being incorporated in the resolu-
tion at all.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I suppose it re-
quired a vote of the House, It never was voted
on.
The SPEAKER. Then the question will be
upon the .amendment.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Has not the res-
olution been adopted, and a motion to reconsider
made, and that motion laid on the table ?
i The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is com-
! petent to go back and coirect an error.
I Mr. SEWARD. I appeal from the decision
I of the Chan'. If this transaction is to take place,
; I want the Journal to show precisely liovv it is
done.
' The SPEAKER. The attention of the Chair
! is called to the fact that, by an omission of the
i Chair, the Chair neglected to put the question
upon the amendment to the resolution proposed
j by the gentleman from New Yoik, [Mr. John
j Cochrane.] The Chair holds that it is competent
| to go back and correct the error; inasmuch as the
votes which subsequently took place 
! Mr. SEWARD. If that is the case, 1 with-
I draw my appeal. Such a thing may occur very
i often; and I do not wish to object upon such a
1 state of facts.
i Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 do not think any
j further action is necessary.
! The SPEAKER. If there is no objection the
I resolution will he recorded with the amendment,
! as was intended by the House. -
| No objection was made.
| ORDER OF BUSINESS.
ii Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. Has the morn-
!j ing hour expired ?
!j The SPEAKER. It has.
!i Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I desire to sub-
I' mit a motion that Che House proceed to the bust-
