1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
221
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revenue and Expenditures—Mr. Millson.
Ho. or Reps.
average lot, they were not of one half the value
of those of the first regiment of Oregon mounted
volunteers. He further states that none of them
were fit for mounting dragoons in the regular ser-
vice.
On this, and other testimony of a like charac-
ter, §400 was established as a maximum price for
horses; and I will say that tins was regarded by
the public there as a low maximum.
To show the reason of the great diversity of
prices of horses appearing m these accounts, I
will state that there are three distinct classes of
horses found everywhere west of the Rocky
Mountains. The first and most valuable is the
American, taken there overland from the older
States. The second is the Spanish, of less value,
but often a good saddle horse, introduced from
the Mexican settlements south; and the third and
most valueless, the Indian. The Spanish and
Indian horses, and their mixtures, are commonly
sold at ordinary rates of American horses of the
common qualities in the older States, while the
American horses are of double the value.
A statement of the value of this latter class of
property m the Pacific States and Territories is
found in the report (No. 132) of the Committee
on Indian Affairs of this House at last session,
made upon sworn testimony in the premises, in
adjusting the claim of certain mail contractors for
the loss of horses killed or driven away by In-
dians on the route from California to Salt Lake.
The statement is as follows:
"These animals are piovcd to be worth from two to five
hundred doiiats each. Nor doe> thia Mini seem to your
committee extravagant. The route was? between tialt Lake
and California ; none but the best stock could perfonn the
service. For, m addition to the length of the trip, ihere
were changes of giAs:* and chmaie and water, which
would destroy the constitution of any but the very best am-
maN The pnce< of stock iri Salt Lake and m Calnoinia
weic hi^h; and when an animal wt-11 Milled to the service
was piocured, his value to the eontiactors was doubtless
§500.
" Four committee, theiefore, think it reasonable to take
the sum of.$3">0, the difference between $200 and ,$500, as
the average pnee of each animal, and thu* ascertain the
eiffhty-thieu animals of Woodward and Chorpen-
ning "killed to be worth $29,050."
This presents the tiue cash value ofgood Amer-
ican horses throughout all that country. Many
of the horses of the volunteer service of Oregon
and Washington were of this class, and they were
particularly required for the long interior cam-
paigns, extending over a field of operations more
than half way to Salt Lake.
But here let me state that there have been pur-
chases of horses made for the regular service in
Oregon since the war, when, as the Auditor
shows, puces had fallen very much, at rates
varying from two hundred to three hundred and
fifty dollars; and these weie generally under size
for mounting dragoons.
These facts are to be had from the same sources
whence the Third Audi tor sought out the precious
item of the one hundred and eleven condemned
animals. Why did he not present these facts
when he was pretending to give information to
the committee ?
Mr. Chairman, with such facts on the record,
(and I might place there a thousand others in L
their support, had I the time,) who wiil say that j
the system of legislation pointed out by these '
resolutions, will not prove to be the concentration
ofinjustice? Who will say that the General Gov-
ernment has discharged its duty to those infant
and embryo States on the Pacific, by paying half
their expenses incurred m these Indian wars—
wars fought to maintain there the flag of the na-
tion, to enforce its jurisdiction and laws, and to
open for sale and settlement that vast scope of
country embraced in the western shed of our con-
tinent?
I can but feel oppressed at the apparent indif-
ference manifested here to the condition and chums
of that country.
Times were when, in the lights of earlier states-
manship, we would have fought Great Britain, at
an expense of $800,000,000, to have saved one
half of Oregon to our common Hag. Yet the
American pioneers of that sunset land, taking
possession of the country while yet, de jure, it
was in the joint occupancy of both contending
Governments, and planting there our institutions,
saved the whole, and that without a war. They
have had struggle after struggle to maintain their
j! foothold. They have been beset and tempted by
ji powerful foreign influences; but as naturally and
|| truly as the prairie sun-flower turns to the source
11 of light, they have looked to the standard of the
|: Union and clothed themselves in the beams of
American liberty. And they have triumphed,
and been welcomed here as a sovereign State.
They bring to the common altar of our country
the fruits of their weary toils as pioneers of our
great western empire. Shall we now witness the
spectacle of the American Congress denying to
these people a just recognition of their services?
revenue and expenditures.
SPEECH OF HON. J. S. MILLSON,
OP VIRGINIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1859.
The TTousp being m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. MILLSON said:
Mr. Chairman-: The subjects of revenue and
expcndituie are deeply interesting at the present
time. They are kindred, or rather reciprocal,
subjects. They ought not to be considered apart;
and, indeed, the one cannot be properly under-
stood without the other, i propose to answer
the argument of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Phillips] on the subject of revenue,
and to review the remaiks of my colleague [Mr.
Garnett] on expenditure.
A few years ago, we were embarrassed with
riches We had more money in the Treasury
than it was proper to have, and so much, indeed,
that we found it difficult to get rid of it. Con-
gress then determined to reduce the revenue. It
was expected and intended that we should make
a reduction of about $11,000,000. We passed a
bill having that object in view; and now, having
accomplished the design which was deliberately
entertained, gentlemen seek to make our very
success the means of frightening us. The law of
1857 was intended to reduce the amountof revenue
$11,000,000 below the act of 1846. It has accom-
plished this very object. But still the cry is raised
that the country is about to sink into bankruptcy
and ruin. And why? Because,from transitory
causes, which are already passing away, and
which operated upon the existing tariff almost as
soon as it went into effect, it has failed to bring
into the Treasury the amount of revenue ex-
pected, and which would have been brought m,
but for the happening of these temporary diffi-
culties. I do not say that the tariff of 1857 is the
best possible tariff. I myself objected to the prin-
ciple upon which that tariff act wns framed. I
objected to the large free list; and in giving my
vote for the passage of that law, I stated that I
did so because it reduced the taxes, and with a
protest against the principle of the reduction.
I need not dwell upon the causes which have
prevented that tai iff fiotn sueuring an ample reve-
nue to the Treasury. We know that these causes
are to be found m the general embarrassment of
trade throughout the commercial world. They
are not local, not partial, not produced by the
operation of that law, not confined to the United
States, but they are universal. They originated
in the inflation of the general currency, from the
multiplication of gold com, and the consequent
expansion of bank issues, which will always in-
crease as the specie basis increases. There was,
then, a falling off of importation—a falling off of
importation of all kinds of merchandise, the un-
protected as well as the protected. Nov/, sir, the
advocates of protection, seeking to take advant-
age of the present em bair&ssment, and coming for-
ward under color of raising revenue, demand that
the country shall return to the exploded policy of
protection. They endeavor to show that the
present condition of the Treasury requires higher
duties to bring in a larger revenue, but their object
is to have these duties imposed with refeience to
the protection of certain favorite interests.
The effect, thus, would bo, not to increase the
revenue, but to reduce it. The duties they pro-
posewould tend, not to increase importations, but
diminish them. They desire protection; and they
; seek, by means of specifics, to lessen the compe-
i tition of foreign articles with their own; and all
; this they do in the name of revenue, revenue.
; They try to alarm us into their measures, by in-
i sistmgupon the low state of the Treasury. They
■ tell us that the income from the present law will
: not meet the necessary expenditures of the Gov-
1 ernment. If that be so, and I will not now con-
trovert it, then, for that very reason, 1 oppose
their efforts. If the present, law will not raise a
sufficient amount to meet the current expenditures *
of the Government, then I am only the more op-
posed to any reduction of the revenue by means
of such imposts as will prohibit, or lessen the im-
portation of foreign merchandise. I need not,
then, attempt to confute the arguments by which
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phillips]
endeavored to prove that there must be a large
deficiency under the tariff of 1857. I meet the
gentleman on his own selected ground. If his
premises be right, then, for that very reason, his
conclusions are wrong.
If the gentleman thinks the Government is likely
to be plunged into embarrassment, one would
suppose he would come forward and insist that
the necessary amount of money should be raised
by a loan. But the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia, at the very moment of indulging these mel-
ancholy forebodings, declares his unalterable pur-
pose to afford no relief whatever by consenting
to a loan.
The gentleman's argument is so foreign from
his conclusions, that he must pardon me if I com-
pare him to a celebrated barrister who flourished in
one of the clubs of London, some yeais ago, and
who was known among his acquaintances as Coun-
sellor Therefore. lie always assigned reasons
for doing a thing which were exactly the reasons
why it should not be done. And we are now
urged by this "Counsellor Therefore"argument,
to add to our revenues, by protecting the interests
of Pennsylvania, through specifics that are de-
signed to prevent or dimmish importations of coal
and iron, on which revenues are raised.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Will the gentleman allow
me to correct him? He has referred to what I
said, and stated that I would not consent to a loan.
The gentleman will pardon me: I said no such
thing. I said I would not consent to a loan un-
less provision was at the same time made for pay-
ing that loan at maturity. The gentleman will
find that I never said 1 would not vote for a loan,
except m that way.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman will never
consent to vote for a loan, unless we couple with
it a proposition for specific duties, by winch the
revenue is to be injured rather than benefited; un-
less wo couple with the loan a proposition to im-
pose specific duties, the object and effect of which
are to cut off importations of articles that come m
competition with the productions of the gentle-
man's constituents. I do not think the gentleman
has bettered his case by the explanation.
The gentleman wants specifics; but would he
have such specifics as we find in the British tariff?
Would he be content with two and sixpence a
hundred weight on machinery, cutlery, and other
manufactures of iron and steel, and fifteen shil-
lings a hundred weight on fancy, ornamental ar-
ticles of iron and steel ? Would he like such spe-
cifics as a shilling a quarter on wheat and other
gram, and four pence half penny a hundred weight
on flour ? Are these the kinds of specifics the gen-
tleman wants ? Oh, no; he does not want speci-
fics that exclude nothing, that bring revenue into
the Treasury. He wants specifics that will kt ep
money out of the Treasury. He desires ail this,
because he knows that, under the operation of
such taxes, his constituents will receive more
than they pay. But I beg leave to remind him
that our constituents are expected to pay more
than they receive.
But the gentleman insists that,under the act of
1857, the revenues will not pay our expenses.
What are his reasons? Why, because it would
require this year importations to the amount of
$34*3,000,000; and, next year, to the amount of
£381,000,000, to yield the necessary revenues.
Without stopping to inquire whether the gentle-
man's calculations are correct, I ask him why ho
supposes that the importations cannot hereaftec
reach the amounts he considers necessary? What
