18a9.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
845
iured by having the weight of the Government
brought upon him to crush him, must sue the
wrong doer in his individual capacity, ignores
altogether the duty of the Government to afford
protection to its humblest citizen, both against
injuries inflicted by its own agents and those in-
flicted by the agents of foreign Governments. I.
am unable to perceive why the committee cannot
look into the facts in this case and consider them
for themselves. If gentlemen are not content to
take the examination that has been made on offi-
cial proofs and documents, by three successive
standing committees of the House, let them, at
least, before, they record their votes against ajusi
claim, examine the papers that are on file for
themselves.
I am at a loss to perceive why Congress can-
not decide on the equity of the case for themselves,
without first having the intervention of a court,
a chancellor, or a jury. I am utterly opposed to
the interposition of technical objections as to the
mode of redress, when an humble citizen ap-
proaches a great, and, what ought to be, a mag-
nanimous Government, asking for justice that is
due. In this case, the wrong was done in the
first instance because the consul of the United
States stood on technicalities; because he required
a formal register according to the laws of the
United States. And now, after ten long years
of patient waiting and of hope deferred, which
"malseth the heart sick," this party is to be sent
away, and the wrong which was perpetrated
through technicalities is to be unred ressed, because
technical objections are interposed. That is not
the treatment which a great Government should
extend to its citizens. I hold that all this doc-
trine is wrong which says, " your claim may be
just; but you must first go through certain form-
alities." , If you establish that doctrine, you con-
vert this Government into one vast circumlocu-
tion office, not to do justice to the citizen.
There are some oilier points which 1 should
have elaborated and presented to the committee,
had I expected to proceed with tins argument to-
day.
But I will not consume the time of the commit-
tee longer. I leave this matter to the defense of
the Committee on Commerce. I think this is one i
of those cases where an indiscriminate objection ;
to private claims might woilc gieat injustice to a j
citizen of the countiy. And, sir, I will say, in j
refeience to these indiscriminate objections to all j
private bills,that if all the tears shed by the fiiend- '
less from that cause were collected together, they
would float a ship; the broke* hearts would
freight it; and the sighs of widows and orphans
would waft it across the seas.
I was witness ot' a scene in this House at the
last session, winch gave me a wholesome lesson
upon this subject. 1 have never been found mak-
ing indiscriminate objections to cases on the Pri-
vate Calendar. I saw an aged woman sitting in
that gallery who had been waiting for month
after month and year after year upon the delibera-
tions of this House; arid when her claim came up
for consideration,and she heard fall from the lips
of a member of this House those talismanie
words " 1 object," she fainted there in the pres-
ence of the House. Those words went like a
bullet to her heart. That, sir, is but a portraiture,
perhaps, of the pang which may come upon the
meritorious man who represents tins claim, and
upon a suflfeiing and deserving family, reduced,
perhaps, from affluence to want, by tlie injuries
for which lie now asks redress#
I will state to ihis committee thdt, since I be-
came accidentally connected with tins discussion,
I have received a letter from a member of the,
Thirty-Third Congiess, stating that lie was ac-
quainted with the facts of this case, and tiiat it
was one appealing strongly to the justice of the
Government; and he called my attention to the
fact that many of the leading merchants of the
great ciues of the Union have made the redress
of the injuries inflicted upon this man a common
cause, and have filed their petitions here asking
that redress.
.Now, it has been said that the Government is
not liable for the acts of its agent, any more than
a private citizen is liable for the act ot his agent.
Here is the aigument. The Government cannot
authorize its agent to do wrong; and therefoie it
is not responsible for the wrongful actof its agent.
Now, sir", a private citizen cannot authorize his
servant to do wrong; but if, in pursuance of his
authority, general or special, that servant inflicts
an injury upon another, I say that both master
and servant are liable. That is the way I read
the law of-this case.
But it is said that these parties should have ob-
tained their redress from the consul. Well, sir,
they had their choice; but, to say that they ought
to have hunted up this consul, and have expended
all their means in costs and fees, after being sub-
jected to all the perplexities of the law's delay for
ten years, is an argument that might make a good
point before a justice of the peace in a very small
case; but, if set up as a bar against the claims of
a private citizen against the Government of the
United States, is an argument that seems to me
altogether unworthy to be used:
Mr. KELSEY. I think the whole point upon
which (his bill turns was well staled by the gen-
tleman from Michigan, when this bill was under
discussion the other day. Gut I have risen, not
so much to discuss the bill before the committee,
as to make one or two suggestions in relation to
the action of the House upon bills upon the Pri-
vate Calendar. I believe there are not a dozen
bills upon this whole Calendar that cannot be
discussed, and properly discussed, in a space of
time very much (ess than that this committee are
in the habit of devoting to bills upon which de-
bate is permitted,
I made an effort on Monday before the last, and
the House accorded me the resolution, to adopt a
new rule in the consideration of private bills,
which should give them a sufficient examination
to show upon what points they are to tuin, and
then to decide them. As we go on now, the debate
continues on a single bill for several days; and
perhaps, at the end of the time, there is not a sin-
gle member of the committee who is at all enlight-
ened in the facts or punciples upon which the hill
should be disposed of. It is true that legal argu-
ments are drawn out with great ingenuity on the
part of gentlemen for or against the claim; but I
think that every gentleman here is jiistas capable
of deciding upon any bill upon this Calendar, by
simply having the facts and reasons stated for and
against a particular claim, as he would- be after
tile most elaborate aigumeut. 1 do not believe
there is a single case on the whole Private Calen-
dai that the House will not be perfectly compe-
tent to decide upon, after having heard read the
report of the eommiilee, and a brief argument til
support of and in opposition to the claim. But,
Mr. Chairman, I have risen principally to give |
nonce that 1 propose to make one effort more to j
get action upon the Private Calendar before we !
adjourn. Iiere are some (wo hundred and fifty j
bills upon the Calendar; and if we adopt a rule to j
limit debate upon them to a brief statement ot fact,
cutting off the legal arguments which gentlemen
are so fond of indulging m, every bill may be
reached and disposed of in the regular order. I
do not say that one half of the bills on your Cal-
endar are just, or ought to pass; but I do say that !
it is but jiist to the claimants who have been here I
knocking at the doors of Congress for years and j
years, that we should pass upon their claims, one |
way or the other. , ;
Now, sir, I think we should adoptarule which
shall effect that result, and we can very easily ;
effect it. 1 intend, on Monday, to ask the con- j
sent of the House to adopt a resolution, of which j
gentlemen who are m the habit of opposing bills
here oe rtainly ought not to complain. I shall pro- j
pose a resolution to the effect that whenany gen- i
tleman shall object to a bill on the Calendar as it
is read, he shall have five minutes m which to .
slate his objections; then the friends of the bill
Shall have five minutes in suppoitof it; and then
the opponents shall have five inmates to reply,
after winch the question shall be taken and the
bill disposed of without further debate. Certainly,
if any complaint can be made against this course,
it <(ull be the friends of the bills who have the right
to complain.
Mr. POTTLE. If the gentleman will yield to
me for a single question, 1 desire to know what
part of this bill he is speaking upon? [Laughter.]
Mr. KELSEY. I will be through m a moment,
and I will inform my colleague then. Now, sir,
I have succeeded in stating the course wlueh 1
intend to aslc the House topursue; and I willsay,
in closing, to my colleague, who is interested to
! know what part of the bill I am speaking to, that
I will inform him privately. I do not think the
committee are interested in that question.
Mr. M1LLSON. Mr. Chairman, it became my
duty, some six years ago, as .a member of' the
Committee on Commerce, to consider this bill,
and 1 gave it at that time a careful examination
It underwent at that time a careful examination
in the committee, and my impression is that they,
rejected it. I was not present at the meeting of
the Committee on Commerce of the present Con-
gress at which the committee authorized this bill
to be reported to the House.
Mr. MILES. If the gentleman from Virginia
will permit me, I will say that my impression is,
that the Committee on Gommerce did give the
member from Louisiana [Mr. Ecstis] permission
to report this bill. I do not know whether all the
members of the committee committed themselves
to the support of it; but I recollect perfectly the dis-
cussion which took place in the committee, when
the member from Louisiana [Mr. Eust:is] was
authorized to report the bill, with a favorable rec-
ommendation, to the House. I am not prepared
to go into the merits of the case, or to defend the
bill. The impression made on my mind m com-
mittee was, that it was a fair and just bill; that it
was a case where an agent of the Government, in
good faith, believing that he was in the discharge
of his duty to the Government, committed a wrong
by which a citizen was very deeply injured. I
say, therefore, to the gentleman from Virginia,
that while I am not willing to admit, as ageneral
principle, that the Government is bound to repair
the injuries resulting from the acts of its agents,
still I think there must be some exceptional cases,
where an injuiy is done by an agent of the Gov-
ernment, which the Government ought to repair;
and I think that this is such a case.
Mr. MI.LLSON. The gentleman will under-
standof course, that what I said was not in-
tended to reflect upon the Committee on Com-
merce, but only as indicating the reason why I
bring to the notice of the House the objections
that"weighed upon my own mind, when I first
came to examine the case. I objected to it, because
it involves a very grave and important princi-
ple, the adoption of which wotdd lead to the most
mischievous consequences; and that principle,
generally stated, is, that any Government is to
be held responsible for the unlawful or even mis-
taken acts of its agents.
I do not intend to weary the House by any
lengthy argument upon the primyple involved in
this bill. I merely wish to call attention to the
importance of the principle—a principle which,
if sanctioned by Congress, will lead ultimately
to the most disastrous consequences. Sir, it is
a principle never adopted by any Government,
never sanctioned by any people. 1 am sometimes
grieved, as well as surprised, when I find gentle-
men, without faking pains to examine recondite—
for there are sometimes recondite—reasons, which
support long-continued usages of Government,
expressing doubt as to the propriety of these
principles, and rashly recommending innovations.
I think it will be found on due consideiation, that
almost all of the rules which have regulated the
legislation and practice of alt Governments are
founded in right reasons, when you come to un-
derstand what those reasons are.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to know of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, upon what principle he
, holds that the Government of Spain was respons-
I lble to this Government for the acts of its agents
in the case of the Clack Warrior; and whether or
not the same principle would not make the Gov-
ernment responsible to its citizens for tiie acts of
its own agents wrongfully done?
Mi. M1LLSON. I have no objection to an-
swirmg inquiries, except that they lead me from
;< the course of discussion, brief as it is, which I
I have prescribed for myself; and if the gentleman
j had listened a little longer, he would have found
j] that it is unnecessary for me to answer any such
II inquiry as the one he has propounded. 1 am con-
!j sidernig how'far the Government is responsible
jifor the acts of its own agents, and not how far it
'! may be necessary for one'Government to hold an-
! other Government responsible for the acts of it."
'i people. The distinction is so broad thai I need
not go into any discussion of the question pro-
!; pounded by the gentlemnn from Indiana. I then
ji say that no Government has ever consented to hold
:i itself liable for the acts of its executive agents.
