1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
223
35th Cong...,2d Sess.
Revenue and Expenditures—Mr. Mills on.
Ho. of Reps.
increased expenditures have grown out of the in-
creased receipts. The money in the Treasury has
been disposed of, by the people's Representatives,
not always wisely and judiciously, as 1 think,
but still disposed of and invested, by the people's
Representatives, for the people's service. In
"what way, I proceed now to inquire.
This increase of expenditure has arisen from
two causes; the first is the inflation of the cur-
rency from the vast influx of gold into the coun-
try. This cause alone would have greatly in-
creased the expenditure. But it must be recol-
lected that this very cause has also increased the
Government's receipts; for the same rise in price
and value which forces the Government to pay
more for what it buys, enables it to rcceive more
at its custom-houses, from the duties it collects;
for, these duties being assessed ad valorem, the
higher the price the greater the duty.
The other cause of the increase of expenditure
is the multiplication of the subjects of expendi-
ture. Within the period I have named, the Army
has been increased by four regiments. The Navy
has been increased a thousand men, within two
years; and yet several gentlemen, who held seats
upon this floor when the law passed authorizing
this addition to the Navy, have declared that the
necessary expenses of the Army and Navy are
no more now than they were fifteen or twenty
years ago.
The expense of collecting the customs has ne-
cessarily increased with the increase of the reve-
nues collected, and, indeed, the whole cost has
been added to the public expenditures within the
past ten or twelve years. Before that time, the
cost of collecting the customs was deducted from
the revenues themselves, and the charge did not
appear among the public expenditures. Six or eight
territoiifcil governments have been established,
with all the attendant expenses of Governors, Le-
gislatures, judges, registers,and so forth. Then,
sir, your foreign intercourse has been extended,
and new missions have been created. Your con-
sular system, too, has been altered. Salaries are
now given to consuls in lieu of the fees formerly
allowed; the fees being required to be paid into
the Treasury. Numerous public buildings have
been erected, not only in the city of Washington,
but throughout the country. Remember the vast
sums appropriated by Congress for the Capitol
extension; the Treasury building; the Patent Of-
fice; the Post Office.
Then, there is the Washington aqueduct, on
which nearly a million dollars was expended last
year. Appropriations have been made for rivers
and harbors. Your mail-steamer service, too,
costs you another million a year. You have con-
structed, besides, numerous costly custom-houses
and post offices all over the country.
Now, sir, I have myself voted against nearly
all these expenditures. Can the gentlemen who
complain so loudly of extravagance make the
same assertion ?
I have said that this increased expenditure has
resulted from two causes—the first being the ex-
pansion of the currency and the depreciation of
money. This cause, alone, has made necessary
an increase of salary to almostevery officer in the
service of the Government. I know scarcely any
that have not been raised. Higher salaries have
been given to all your foreign ministers, to your
judiciary, to your Cabinet officers, to members
of Congress, to the Army and Marine Corps, to
the sailors and petty officers of the Navy, to the
clerks in all of the Departments, and many others;
and the wages of mechanics and laborers have so
increased, in consequence of the increased costof
living, as to render necessary an increase in the
compensation given to that class of the public
agents employed in all your dock-yards and ar-
senals, and on all your public works.
Much of this clamor has been directed against
the Navy; and I propose now, having shown the
intimate connection between the subject of reve-
nue and the general increase of expenditures, to
apply my remarks to the bill under consideration.
Let us see with how much justice those charges
of extravagance can be made against the appro-
priations for the Navy. In the first place, gentle-
men have assumed that the Navy is no larger now
than it was ten years ago. I have shown' that it
is larger by at least one thousand sailors, added
by the act of 1857. Your courts of inquiry and the
President, by recent legislation, have also added
a large number of officers to the Navy. As to
ships, your Navy is larger than it was ten years
ago. _ We now have eighty-eight vessels of all
descriptions; ten years ago we had only seventy-
eight. Of these seventy-eight, seventeen have
been condemned or lost. So that there has been
an addition of twenty-seven vessels to the Navy
in the last ten years. In 1839, there were only
fifty-eight, and of those fifty-eight, sixteen have
been condemned or lost, exclusive of the seven-
teen I have just mentioned. We have thus, in
ten years, added twenty-seven vessels to the
Navy, two being fngatesof the first class, seven
screw steamers of the first class, two side wheel
steamers of the first class, six screw steamers of
the second class, eight screw steamers of the
third class, besides smaller vessels; and nearly
all these vessels have been built within the last
two or three years. Yet gentlemen express sur-
prise at the increased expenditures of the Navy.
Sir, with this increase of men and vessels, is it to
be wondered at that there should be a corre-
spondingincrcase in theappropriation for pay,for
provisions, and the other expenses incident to the
increase of our force? Yet my colleague has ad-
verted to this increase, as if it deserved the gen-
eral condemnation of the country.
Then we come to the subject of increase, equip-
ment, and repair. He and others have adverted
to the fact that the appropriation, under this head,
has been increased within the past few years. It
is an unavoidable increase, and why? Because
within a few years past you have substituted
steamships for sailing vessels. Nay, sir; I ought
not to call it a substitution, but rather an addition
to the expenditures of the Navy; because we all
know that these steam vessels are fitted up as sail-
ing vessels, as well as with machinery. We must
consider, then, the immense costof fuel. We
must consider the deterioration; the more rapid
deterioration of steam vessels as compared with
sailing vessels. Every gentleman,conversant with
the subject, knows that the deterioration of war
vessels, and especially of steamers, is much greater
than that of snips of commerce, in consequence
of the greater length of voyage, their not being so
often discharged and cleansed—vapors, steam,
animal exhalations, and so forth. Yet, sir, the
increase in the amount asked for equipment and
repair, is much smaller than I had supposed would
be possible, under the circumstances. Do gentle-
men know that the hull of a ship-of-war requires
to be renewed once in every sixteen years. When
I say once in sixteen years, I assign the very
longest period.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. Steam or sailing
vessels ?
Mr. MILLSON. I take either; twelve years
would be a juster limit for the service of a hull;
but I assign sixteen years, which is the longest
possible peuod.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. It is ten for
steamers
Mr. MILLSON. The hull requires to be re-
newed once in from twelve to sixteen years, the
machinery once in ten years, the masts in eight
or nine, the rigging in live, and the sails once in
three years; yet gentlemen seem to think that it
is a subject of wonder, as well as complaint, that
there should be annual appropriations for the
equipment and repair of the vessels of our Navy:
as if they were not aware that almost all these
vessels, upon the average, will require to be re-
newed once in ten or twelve years, taking all the
expenditures together. This, sir, is true as to
vessels built in our navy-yards, which are so much
better than those built by contract. One gentle-
man complained, a day or two ago, that these
vessels are not built exclusively by contract, in
the private yatds of the countiy. Let me tell
him that the Government hue two or three times
made an experiment of building vessels by con-
tract; and not a single contract vessel has ever
made more than two cruises, and some of them
only one. The Java, 44, built m Baltimore, m
3814, made only two cruises. The Hudson,
44, built in New York, in 1814, made only one
cruise; the Lawrence, builtjn 13dtimore,in 1845,
made only two short cruises; the brig Boxer
made only one cruise; thu bug Saranac only one;
the Chippewa, only one; and the Guerriere, 44,
built in Philadelphia, in 1814, made only two
cruises. Not one of them made more than two
cruises, and yet gentlemen suggest that the Gov-
ernment shall build all of its vessels by private
contract.
I come now to the subject of ordnance. Do not
gentlemen know that the ordnance now used is
much more expensive than that formerly used ?
One elcven-inch Dahlgren gun costs about $1,400,
and one nine-inch Dahlgren gun costs $700. Ten
years ago the gun-carriage cost only $150. Now
the pivot-carriage necessary to be used for the
Dahlgren guns, costs from $1,900 to $2,200. Sir,
war is a very expensive luxury; and I commend
that reflection to those gentlemen who desire to
see our Army and Navy employed in subjugating
all other parts of the globe, and who want our
little Navy to go forth challenging all the world.
Let me tell gentlemen that every time a shell is
fired from one of these Dahlgren guns it costs the
Government 011. And yet these expenses must
be incurred, for our ships and officers and men
must be kept in practice, if they would not be
whipped in the first engagement.
But 1 come now to the navy-yards. Gentlemen
here are very eloquent in denunciation of the in-
j crease of navy-yard expenditures. My colleague,
i too, [Mr. Garnett,] has devoted some of his
time to the consideration of this question. Will
not the House be surprised to learn that the ap-
propriations for navy-yards in the present bill are
nearly half a million less than the average appro-
priation of the hist ten years?
Thus, the appropriations for navy-yards were—
In 1849 $1,441,000 In 1854 <<*948,000
18.30  1,996,000 1855  1,471,000
185 1  1.6-23,000 1856  1,848.000
185 2  1,413,000 1857 I',781.000
185 3  1,435,000 1858 1,982,000
The amount asked for in the present bill for
navy-yards, is only about $1,100,000; and yet
gentlemen have made more noise about appropri-
ations for the navy-yards than almost any other
subject. Sir, my colleague committed an error—
unintentionally, I am sure—by omitting, in his
I calculations, appropriations for the dry-docks,
j which were, in some years, put down as separate
items, while, in other years, they are classed
among the appropriations for the navy-yards.
The Committee of Ways and Means have already
reduccd the estimates for all the navy-yards nearly
$1,000,000; and I have heard it suggested that
we ought to save $9,000,000 more on the navy-
yards. As the whole amount asked is only about
|l, 100,000, I do not know any other mode of
saving $2,000,000 than by making the navy-yards
pay the Government $1,000,000.
Sir, these are necessary expenditures. The
operations of the navy-yards cannot be discon-
tinued without serious and lasting injury to the
interests of the Government.
It has been said, however, that wc have too
many navy-yards. I think we have. I think we
might dispense with some of them. But when
we hear gentlemen fall into the error into which
r some gentlemen on the other side, and grave Sen-
| ators, have fallen, in declaring that England has
but two navy-yards, I cannot but express my
surprise and regret that they had not possessed
themselves more correctly of the facts before they
ventured on any such assertion. England ha«
more navy-yards than the United States. She
ought, perhaps, to have fewer. Her territory
small—not exceeding that of Virginia; hut Eng-
land has immense dock-yards, extensive naval
establishments, at Chatham, Portsmouth, Wool-
wich, Deal, Deptford, Sheerness, Devenport, and
Pembroke, besides, at the Cape of Good Hope,
m the East Indies, m the British North American
( provinces, in the West Indies, in China, in Malta,
; at Gibraltar, and elsewhere. And yet it has been
I said that England has but two navy-yards, while
| we have eight. We have such an immense ex-
i tent of coast that we might very well have more
' navy-yards than England: and yet I myself yield
to the force of the argument, with regard to the
number of navy-yards, and think we might well
dispense with two or three of them, at least.
Now, the average amount of the whole expend-
iture for the Navy for the last five years, exclud-
ing the building of new ships, has been $11,811,000.
