846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5,
The reason is simply this: it is the duty of the
Government to appoint for the people the most
competent ascc'nts, the most skillful and the most
expenenceiTagpnts whom they can select; and
then-they do not become the insurers of the pro-
priety of the conduct of their agents in the dis-
charge of the duties imposed on them. Why, sir,
even in legaid to the most precious rights of per-
son, no Government has allowed itself to be re-
sponsible.
Talk about damages for the confiscation of
property 1 Why, a man may be deprived of his
life; he may be.deprived of his liberty; he may
be deprived of his property or his character;
and yet no Government has ever held itself re-
sponsible for the correction of the mischief done.
You appoint judicial officers; they are the agents
of the Government, as well as your executive
officers. A man can be arrested upon a charge
of crime; he may be committed to prison, and
there, remain for months and yeats, and yet the :
man, upon his trial, be ascertained to be inno-
cent; and whoever heard that the Government
would he responsible in damages for this impris-
onment? To be suie, the false imprisonment has
resulted from the acts of the agents of the Gov-
ernment; but so far from holding the Govern-
ment responsible in damages for the injury dune
by its judicuilagents, the Government is not even
lesponsible for the cosis of the prosecution. And,
sir, even upon acquittal, the patty is not entitled ;
to recover his le>  il costs from the Government, i
It is because the Government will provide, with !
as much discretion and forecast as possible, the
best agents it can; and because it is < ssential to
the due adimmstrat ion of pi si ice, that if' a man be !
involved in cucumMances of suspicion, however -
innocent he may he, he should hr hi ou>iht to trial, j
and though it may appeal ariei wards that he was
utteily innocent of the cume hud tu hi.s chaise, !
yet tile public necessity inquire.* that ilnuc should
be no impediment tin own in the way of the duo '
prosecution ot the charge; and the agent of the j
Government should not be deterred from acting ;
in every ease of suspicion, by appiehension that
he will afterwards be subject to liability for pe-
cuniary compensation. The^e are the great prin-
ciples applicable to*the intercouise between the
Government and its citizens. The Government I
will take due jnecnution to select the best judges, •
magistrates, collectors, nnnibteis, and consuls; |
and if these men abu&e the power confided to ,
them, they ai e themselves personally responsible
for the wrongs they may do. The Government .
is not lesponsible, and ought never to be held re- !
sponsible. Tins is the great principle involved 1
in this case—whethei the Government will admit '
its liability for the acts of lis consuls ? Who are
these <'onsuls? Very frequently foreigners; men
unknown to the Government; citizens and sub-
jects of other Powt.'i s: and, sir, it would be incon-
sistent to suppose that (iny one of tln-se foreign-
ers should impose upon the Government of the ;
United Suites e heavy pecuniary 1mbi11ty. If the
consul does wroiiir, he is c'L.uge.ihle: he hable ,
to the party injured, and he is liable to the Gov-
ernment, which will take pains to remove him
from the potion he holds; and that is the whole :
extent of the haoility of the Government, if that ,
be called a liability of the Government at all. 1
Mr. Chairman, this consul had no light to take |
possession of tins vessel. She was under the pro- j
tection of the laws of the country wheie the con-
sul residt d. She had gone from the United States
as a foiejgn vessel, and she was sent to this for-
eign country to he soUl. Suppose the consul be-
lieved it to be his fluty to airest the vessel: he
had no lawful power to send her home. And, sir,
it was the error of the owneis of the vessel to
allow this consul to take possession of her. AH
they had to do was Jo invoke the law of the coun-
try, which bound alik6 themselves and the con-
sul. If they had a right to sell her, they could
have exercised that right in despite of the remon-
strances of the consul. But they did not choose
to do so. They abandoned her to the consul,
with a protest, declaring that that war all tlmy*
could do, and that they would hold the Govern-
ment responsible for the acts of its a^ent.
I know very will, sir, that the Government will
sometimes admit its liability for acts of its agents,
arid vciy pioper.y too, but to tins extent only: if
a co!lectur oi customs, or any officer of the Gov-
ernment, shall issue an execution at the suit of the
Government, and take goods and sell them, and
hand over the money to the Government, why,
sir, if the party aggrieved will sue the collector
and recover a judgmentagamst him, then the Gov-
ernment will come forward and indemnify the col-
lector against'that judgment, to the extent of the
return of the money which that judgment itself
has put into the Treasury of the United States.
Surely there is an obvious propriety in doing so;
because, if the Governmenirhas derived a benefit
from the act of its agent, from the improper act
of that agent, the Government ought not to re-
tain that benefit, but ought to return to the party
sued the amount for which he has made himself
personally liable tothe party injured. In all such
cases the Government admits its liability, because
the Government does not do anything more than
return to the party to which it ought to go, and
from which'it ought never to have been taken.
\ admit that there is one precedent for the case
before the committee,"and that is the case cued
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Hughes,]
tire case of O'Sullivair; and although 1 could state
something about that case winch would go to
show that it ought not to be held as a precedent,
yet I will concede to the gentleman the full force
of that case as a precedent. So far as I am con-
cerned, I will give my conse'nt that the same
disposition shall be made in this case that was
made in that; and that is, that it shall he referred
to the Secretary of the Treasury for his exam-
ination and report; and then, after this examina-
tion and report, if the Hou^e determine to pass the
claim, let it be paid. These parties, sir, ought
first to have sued the consul; for they could
have sued him in the country of hi-s lesidence; and ;
then, for his own justification, he would have
taken such means to esiablit.li the true facts of
the case as would have protected himself against
liability. The Government could have availed
itself of the mfotmation thus solemnly and care-
fully collected. But,as the parties have not done
so, they surely cannot complain that they are
now required to submit this case to the examina-
tion of our own Secietary of the Treasury in
order that he may investigate the facts and report
upon them to this House. But, sir, to show the
opHiion of one of the highest officers of Govern-
ment, a former'Secretary of State, the gentleman
who is now President of ilie United States, not.
only in refeience to this genera! piincipie, but in
reference to the principle as applicable to the par-
ticular case,now under consideration, 1 send to
the Cle« k's desk the letter of Air. Buchanan, that
u may be lead.
The letter was re>id, as follows:
Dri'Aiii'MrcNT OK
WASHINGTON. J.dif It, 1^48.
Put: I have h.ul th" lio;:oi to icunvo \oui note of je«- j
leul.iv. lo^i'thet with the nit iitoiiut ol' Henry Lee', find ihe !
accoin[>.in\ ee; Jncnm; nw. j
You reqm'- r m v view  • *• a> to the liability of the Go vet n- ,
meut to i .i\ < iti/'.eish ii'i tin; acL< of u> oiheci-. 'and I
I ion ver\ < !e oi\ <>: opinion that no -audi lo«.il h.ihditv e\- i
II .u> otii '•! o, ilie G. voimn«'ur, aeon1: uiMin-t law ;
raid wnhou' lii-trticnon •. doe- an nijtnv io an individual, 1
the hUU'i aiiw Iodic to lb" p 'i >u:i,il t e-.pon.Mbi i h \ oi the ;
ioms* d<><>, 'oi ledu'si; Tne Gnvurniijenr, in Mich a caM\ |
would !>•> no ojoi«> hound by the act-- ot it- office' ^ than <i j
p'liieipal \v>u;d Ic b\ llie ,ter- o[ an attoine} who had ex- j
i ceded hi-- durhoi n\ . [r ihe mie wei. otlu : it would
be ni tin pnvei ol ohkvi-to  . inbuiia.-; thiJ Tiea-in \; and , j
m many in-t.ute a -ncii* temptation might be pupated >
to them to act in tin-, mariner. ;
Such I - undoiibte <,!y tae <jcnoral mie ; hnt very ctmncand ,
pccith.u (a-e  ina\ p-e-ent exception*. It is. howevet, loi
the lem Lnive hutacii oi the (Joveinm-jnt to deeith;, in its
(h-cieiiD!), \\ he; in-1. 'ii'dot all the caou naiancei*. the case ot
1 ii'm\ L>-et'h • di tin-; < 'iiu.K-ti'i.
I am. >ir. le-peettullv, \our obedient «eivant,
" " JAMKrf BUctTAiVAX.
flo\. Jot.ptt Orin*\! of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. MILLSOM. There it is held, Mr. Chair-
man, that there is no perietal liability on the Gov-
ernment, such as is contended for by the gentle-
] man from Indiana, for the illegal acts of its agent.
; It is, as I h've before stated, undoubtedly true,
that strong exceprionnl cases may present them-
! splves, appealing to the discretion of the legtsla-
, tive b.nly.
| Mr. HUGHES. I desire to call the attention
i of the gentleman from Vn gmia to the distinction
i between the c.ise under consideration, an<l the
i case put m that letter. That letter lays down the
i geneial ruh1 that the Government is not liable for
| the acts of its agents against ioic, and beyond their
. authority; but it closes very discreetly, by re-
marking that the case under consideration may
be an exception to that rule. *
JSow, the position. I took was this: that this
was a case where the wrong done flowed directly
from the official character and authority of him
who perpetrated it; that it was a wrong done un-
der color of his office, and which he never could
have consummated if he had not done it in the
name of the United States.
Mr. MILLSON. And so a false judgment of
of the Supreme Court would be an act done under
color of office; but certainly there would be no
liability on the part of the United States, to make
reparation. But I go a little further than Mr.
Buchanan has gone in that letter—for I do not
regard the Government of the United States as
the principal of those agents. The people are the
principals; and all the officers of the Govern-
ment are the agents of the people. The same
principle applies as well to the President as it does
to a consul. The people of the United States are
not liable for the illegal acts of a President, any
more than they aie for the illegal acts of a consul.
I do not desire, Mr. Chanman, to detain the
committee longer in the discussion of this case.
I should not have spoken at all were it not to cor-
rect the impression that this bill has-been unan-
imously ordered to he reported by the Committee
on Commerce. It may have been a unanimous
report of the meeting then assembled. I was
not aware of the purpose of my colleague [Mr.
Smith] to speak in opposition to this bill, tie has
made it unnecessary for me to say much which,
perhaps, might have been properly said; and,
therefoie, as I see veiy little reason or justifica-
tion for detaining the committee at this late hour
of the session in the discussion of a private bill,
and for that reason voted against going into the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, preferring that we should devote our
attention to the public business of the country, I
shall close my remarks by seeding to the table a
resolution which I shall offer, and ask the com-
mittee to recommend its adoption to the House.
The lesolution was read, as follows:  
Rooted, That the petition of Henry Leef and John
MclCee, with the papeis accompaiijing the f-.une, be lelVrred
to the < tarv ot tne Trea my, and that he be directed
to malo* a detailed report tlieieou to this House, together
with his opinion thcieon.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. The consul acted in
this case as a judge. It was a judicial act which
he peifonned. Does the gentleman from Virginia
pietend to say that a judge who makes a mistake
in the discharg^of his duty can be sued? For
instance, if one of the judges of the Supreme
Cou11, iu the decision of a case, makes what ia
ch-arly a mistake, does the gentleman from Vir-
ginia pretend to say that he can be sued? And
yet the consul was acting in this case, by virtue
of his office, as a judge.
Mr. MILLSON. I am surprised that a lawyer
should have addressed that inquiry to me. The
gentleman must know that a judicial decision,
, when complained of, ijjf to be carried by appeal to
: a higher couit, and to a still higher, until you get
! it to'the highest court; and if that highest court
! determines that the decision was correct, then who
shall say it is wrong? It is i iglit, simply because
nobody is authorized to pronounce K wrong.
Therefore you cannot call a party to account, be-
cause there is no Imman authority competent to
declare the decision wrong.
| Mr. MONTGOMERY. That is true; but I am
' not at nil ob!iged«to the gentleman for the inform-
ation he has^iven us; and I suppose no lawyer
i in the House is, for we all knew that. He in-
; foims the House that the proper remedy for this
, individual wrong was to sue the consul. 1 desired,
! by the question which 1 put, to show that^the
consul could not be sued, because he acted in a
judicial capacity. There was no redress against
him; you could not sue him in any court; you
could not call him to account.
Mr MILLSON. The gentleman addressed an
abstract question to me. He did not inquire
whether I acquiesced in the assumption that this
consul was a judge. On that point I desire to say
that I grant no such-assumption. The consul
was no judge. He was a ministerial executive
agent, and was responsible, as all executive min-
isterial agents are,-for malfeasance in office.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. As the gentle-
man from Virginia has properly said, the ques-
