1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SS5
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Revenue and Expenditures—Mr. Howard.
Ho. or Iters.
under the tariff of 1846, the amount of imports
have exceeded the amount of exports by five or
six hundred million dollars in a few years.
Thus much gentlemen know, but do they
know that, among other things exported, but not
contained in these tables, we exported $500,000,000
in our own bonds, State stocks, railroad securi-
ties, &c. ? But did we not bring in railroad iron
and other things for them ? We actually made,
within a few years, a debt ofat least $500,000,000.
Why, then, do the tables show a different thing?
I will tell you why. It was because of the enorm-
ous frauds and false invoices to cheat the Gov-
ernment out of the revenue. Every gallon of
liquor imported from France, turns out at the
custom-house, at New York, to have cost ninety
cents per gallon on the average. But, go over to
France, and you find that the money actually paid
for it was $1 70 a gallon. They make false in-
voices and bring them here to defraud the reve-
nue; but when you come to settle up the balances,
these frauds disappear.
Mr. MILLSON. Did I understand the gentle-
•man to say that the average rate of duty was
thirteen cents? ,
Mr. HOWARD. It was 13.673 upon the whole
amount.
Then wc have imported into this country and set-
tled for it in ourown railroad bonds and State stocks
at the rate of from $75,000,000 to $100,060,0Q0 a
year. And the highest importation we ever
reached was $362,000,000; and yet, sir, to reach
the Secretary's estimate, you ha-ve got to bring in
$409,000,000 a year, includingthe free list. Why,
sir, the thing is preposterous. And even if we get
$56,000,000, that same Secretary estimates that
the deficiency on the 30th of June, 1860, must
be $8,000,000. Why, sir, instead of getting
$56,000,000, we cannot, by any possibility, get
more than $48,000,000.
But there is another thing. We can import, in
the long run, as much as we can consume and
pay for. We can import, when we are out of
debt, as much as we can export, and keep our-
selves in a good condition. But, sir, we owe
$500,000,000, and it will take $25,000,000 of your
exports to pay the interest upon that debt every
year. If, then, you can export $350,000,000, you
«an only import $325,000,000, because $25,000,000
of that must go to pay interest upon your debt.
Now, sir, possibly trade may revive to that ex-
tent—and it will revive to a certain extent—that,
for a year, we may import $362,000,000, a higher
amount than we imported the year that we bursted
up^for a collapse came along with it, although
we'were working on a margin of $100,000,000;
and yet, even that did not save us. I say we may
possibly import $362,000,000 a single year, for
the country is pretty bare of goods. If we do,
$25,000,000 of that is used up in interest, and we
have only $337,000,000 left, which will not pro-
duce more than $47,000,000. Do you suppose
that the percentage upon the tariff is going to
change? Would there not be, from year to year,
about the same average of free goods and dutia-
ble goods? I take it, that the fluctuation is as
likely to be upon one side as upon the other. I
take it, that 13 673 per cent, is, then, the fixed
measurementof duty; atany rale, it is safe enough
for any Secretary to rest his estimates upon. I
go upon the supposition that the estimates are all
right; and yet there will be a deficiency the next
fiscal year of $8,000,000, according to his own
showing; and, my woid for it, it will reach the
sum of 817,000,000. Now, the question is, can
we reduce our expenses ? and I take it for granted
that every considerate man in the country wants
to bring our revenue and our expenses together j
in some way or other. Now, reduce your ex-
pendituies as much as you can 
Mr. MILLSON. I desire to say to the gentle-
man that the present tariff, on the importation of
1857, would produce, according to the admission
of the Washington Union, nearly $59,000,000.
Mr. HOWARD. Why should the gentleman
quote the Washington Union upon me? What
have I done that he should do that thing? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. MILLSON. And I desire further to say
that the average of duties which would have been
collected by the lauff of 1857, upon the impor-
i\ew Series.—No. 15,
tation of the last eight years, would be upwards
of $46,000,000 annually.
Mr. HOWARD. I will listen to any argu-
ment, if the gentleman will not saddle the Wash-
ington Union upon me. I submit that that is too
bad. [Laughter.]
Mr. MILLSON. It is an argument upon your
own side.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very sorry for it. I
have already said I have no side, that I had no
party; but I trust, when the Republican party do
move, they will plant their feet upon principles
■which will stand, and I will not then care who is
against us, or who for us.
Now, I do not know what other gentlemen
may think, but it is past my comprehension what
men think of when they estimate the receipt of
$56,000,000 from this tariff. It is impossible.
Mr. MILLSON. it is the opinion of many
New York merchants.
Mr. HOWARD. I have had a great 4eal of
intercourse with New York merchants in my life-
time. I have acted as their attorney, and I know
some of them are very wise men, and some of
them very great fools; and upon this subject
their opinion is not one whit better than that of
your own or mine. Any man can figure1 this out
for himself. I need not stop to inquire what other
people say about it. If you are going to pay the
current expenses out of the revenue, you must
provide more revenue; and you cannot do that
under the present tariff. What will you do?
Shall we resort to loans or Treasury notes ? We
have already contracted a debt of $40,000,000 in
that way, and it will take $2,000,000 of that to
pay the interest upon the debt which we have
contracted for current expenses since the begin-
ning of this Congress. If each Congress should
continue to do the same thing, I would like to ask
how long it will take to get up a frightful state of
things ? We would be in a good situation to
break up to form a southern Republic and a
northern Republic, and leave the debt, perhaps,
to fall between the two. I take it that we, as
men, ought to grapple with this thing. I did not
seriously object to the issue of Treasury notes
when it was done, though 1 disliked to make a
loan. But it was urged that the difficulty was
temporary; that the taking of the goods out of
the Government warehouses would almost, of
themselves, relieve the Treasury; and I consented
to it, though reluctantly. But instead of being
better off, we are worse off by a hundred percent,
than we were before.
Now, have you any hope, as sensible men, that
any laws will be made to reduce the expenses un-
til each standing committee of Congress takes up
what appertains to its respective duties, and in-
troduces legislation radical and thorough? I tell
you, if you pass the appropriation bills at all, they
will be larger than the estimates; and, notwith-
standing the Committee of Ways and Means cuts
off some few millions here and there, there is
something else eternally put on. Your customs
will not be, under the present tariff, by any possi-
bility, more than $50,000,000 a year, even though
the imports may be unusually large, in conse-
quence of the reduced stock in the country. You
get some four or five millions annually from the
public lands, and $1,000,000 from miscellaneous
sources. Your entire receipts will not much ex-
ceed $50,000,000; and if Secretary Cobb will take
the entire receipts from all sources, and make them
equal to his $56,000,000 of estimates from the cus-
toms, I, for one, would be willing to vote him
$5,000,000 for doing it.
Now what shall we do? Shall we have a loan?
Will you repudiate your expenses? Will you
say, " this has been lather a coirupt Administra-
tion ; they have been lavish in their expenditures;
and we will repudiate the whole thing, and kick
our servants out? " I take it thatour legislation
is going to stand by all just debts; and 1 take it
that our expenses are to be continued; and I want
to know how you are going to get the money to
meet them.
If you propose to increase your revenue by an
increase of the tariff, what shall be the basis?!
Upon what principle shall wc proceed? Will you I
change it solely with refeience to revenue, or j
will you discriminate only for levenue; for if you *
Ave going to get a revenue, you must discriminate
upon different articles? and will-you-discriminate
for protection, and not for prohibition ? I take
the ground that we have never yet hstd a tariff
that did not discriminate both for revenue and for
protection, in the proper sense of protection'. Any
tariff which is not perfectly horizontal, mast dis-
criminate for something; else, why are they not
all alike? They do discriminate; and they may
discriminate widely, and the only object may be
revenue. But you cannot discriminate for revenue
without,absolutely producing, to some extent,
protection; and, sir, there are very few articles,
at the present time, according to my judgment,
on which the duty need to be higher for protec-
tion than for revenue.
This <juarrel, after all, if gentlemen would hut
take their eyes from the elections which are com-
ing off in their districts soon, and look at the facta
just as they are, in all their combinations, would
be found to be a fight about a very small differ-
ence between reasonable and moderate men.. The
Democratic party need not go to pieces upon that
question; and I have so much sympathy with that
party that I hope they will not; though 1 am a
little provoked the gentleman from Virginia [Mr.
Millson] should quote the Washington t^nion
upon me. [Laughter.] Sir, I say if you dis-
criminate at all, it will work.incidentally for pro-
tection. It may not work for the benefit of those
engaged in the manufacture of any particular ar-
ticles; and, so far as I am concerned, in the long
run, I hope it will not. Protection is not to buila
up the manufacturers, but it is to develop re-
sources. The price of an article is always gov-
erned by supply and demand; and if you would so
shape your policy as to make the cost as light as
possible, you must increase the supply. How
will it do that ? By turning over the market to
foreign monopoly, and leaving our mountains of
iron and copper and coal a sealed book, in viola-
tion of the laws of the Almighty, abSfTwhich
the gentleman from Virginia spoke so eloquently.
Sir, the legitimate objectshould be to stimulate
production; and let me say that in every instance,
since the organization of the Government, where
protection has been properly applied, it lias
worked out a cheaper supply to the consumer
than before; and in every case where it has failed
to produce that result proves that it was wrongly
applied. I have serious doubts whether we ought
to protect some things which it is now proposed
to protect. I have doubts whether protection to
them would not fail to benefit the consumer, and
therefore are unworthy to be put in that category.
Take sugar, for instance. I am not prepared to
say, definitely, that the result has been to multi-
ply the production. Pel haps the time is not far
distant when the door ought to be thrown open.
In a single year, the consumers of sugar paid
$12,000,000 revenue to this Government. That
is putting the hands of the Government into the
old woman's sugar-bowl rather too freely.
Much is said about Pennsylvania. I care not
for Pennsylvania any more than I do for South
Carolina, or any other State. I think South Car-
olina has some heresies That Pennsylvania has
not; but, perhaps, if they have much more hum-
bug theories down there, they have been less
humbugged and cheated in practice by their own
Representatives. I recollect well, on a time, that
banners were unfurled all over the State inscribed
with the motto: "Polk, Dallas, and the tariff of
1842." I am not here to defend the tariff of 1842;
I have nothing to say about it. Yet, sir, that
same Dallas came here and gave the casting vote
in the Senate of the United States to repeal that
tariff. I do not say that that tariff was right or
wrong. It has passed away. If it were right
then, it would most certainly be wrong now, such
have been the changes in many of its features
and many of its articles.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. There was only one
Representative from that State upon this floor
who voted for the repeal of the tariff of 1842.
Mr. HOWARD. Now, let us go to that State
and take an illustration that the gentleman, at
least, will not dispute. In 1856, the cry there was
Buchanan, Breckinridge, and free Kansas. The
doctrine of popular soveieignty rang; from one end
of that State to the other; yet, sir, that very Jame8
