848
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 5.
conferred on it. When the Government does not
discharge this duty, there is a broach of the obli-
gations imposed on it, and, on principle, it would
be responsible in law. The only reason why
courts of the United States do not so decide is,
that, throughout the civilized world, wliile cor-
porations of cities can be compelled to appear and
answer before courts of justice, yet the corpora-
tions of nations — for national Governments as
well as those of cities are corporations—which
are sovereign in their nature, are not liable to
judicial pursuit, and therefore no action ever arises
m which courts of justice can apply the principle.
But, sir, by reference to the law of nations, I
■will now show that that principle is universally
recognized by the action of nations. One of the
duties imposed upon theGovernnientofthc United
States, is to adopt those measures which will be
for the common interest, and next to extend pro-
tection to its citizens. If any of its citizens be
abroad, and any official agent of a foreign Power
does any act, under color of his office, which in-
terferes with his rights, if the citizen suffers in-
jury in consequence of this interference, then the
Government of the United States is bound to de-
mand redress. And why: Upon what principle?
Does the Government of the United States de-
mand from a foreign Government payment of a
debt which that Government does not owe ? The
principle on which the foreign Government is re-
quired to pay to the Government of the United
States for the abuse of its citizen, is that the for-
eign Government js responsible for the wrongful
act of its agent, done under color of his official
authority, when it was not within the power of
the person who suffered the injury to protect him-
self. "Would we have a right, under the law of
nations, to call on the foreign Government to
make compensation for the injury done to our citi-
zen, unless that Government was rightfully bound
for the acts of Us agent ? And if this be true, will
any one pretend that one of our citizens can have
a rightful claim on a foreign Government for in-
juries caused by the illegal acts of its agents, done
under color of their official authority, and that he
has no rightful claim when the same injuries are
inflicted on him by our own officials? Why, sir,
there is no direct obligation resting on the foreign
Government to protect ourcitizens; but we insist
upon it thatj^pon principle, when our citizens
are within the territorial jurisdiction of a foreign
Power, they are entitled to the same protection
which is given to their own citizens. If this has
not been afforded him, our Government, being
sovereign, has, by the law of nations, the right
to enfoice the obligation in behalf of its citizens.
The true question, according to my judgment,
in all these cases, is this: was the wrong inflicted
by the agent under color of his office, and under
circumstances that made it impossible for the per-
son to have successfully resisted the commission
of that wrong, or to obtain redress from the wi ong-
doer without subjecting himself to burdens greater
than fall to the lot of ordniaiy men? In such cir-
cumstanccs I think the principle I speak of ob-
tains, and it is the duty of the Government to
afford redress.
I shall not attempt to reply to the other ques-
tions of my friend from Mississippi; for they
were so numerous that I really do not recollect
them.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, obtained the floor.
Mr. MILES. I wish to make a point of older.
There is not a quorum present; and business,
therefore, cannot go on in order.
Mr. DA VIS, of Mississippi. I will detain the
committee but a moment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no knowl-
edge that there is not a quorum present.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. The gentleman
from Louisiana says that he will not undertake to
answer my questions. He says that he has for-
gotten them. They were hard questions; ques-
tions, sir, beyond his capacity to answer; they
were unanswerable, and he knows it. He pro"-
ceeded, however, to say, that if one nation does
an iujuiyto ihe citizen of another nation, that na-
tion may demand reparation for the injuiy. Cer-
tainly; and on what principle? By authority of
tl%i law of nations. It is by the authority of a
ermtiae* or agreement botweert the two nations,
that when nuo deports itself so as to injure the
citizen of the otaer, then it shall be held respons-
ible for the damage consequent upon that act.
One«has the right to assert, and the other to re-
spond, for damages where an injury is shown to
have been committed.
Mr. HUGHES. The obligation may flow from
a different compact; but if it flows from any valid
compact, it is sufficient. I put this question:
whether there is not a compact entered into be-
tween the people and the Government, where the
peoplesurrenderacertain portion of their natural
rights on condition that the Government will
maintain them in the full enjoyment of the resi-
due; whether, amongst that residue, are not the
rights pertaining to commerce; and whether it is
not the duty of the Government to protect its cit-
izens in the enjoyment of those lights under the
compact which thus exists between the people
and the Government of the United States.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Certainly; the
•compact between the Government and the peo-
ple of the United States is, that we will protect
them in their lights, but protect them according
to legal rule. That is the compact, and nothing
more. Now, sir, whenever an act has been done
by a Government m disregard of the local rules
established by the Government, and which are to
regulate it in its intercourse with the citizen, then I
admit that the citizen has a claim against the Gov-
ernment, because it has violated its own rule. It
is on that principle that the Government proceeds;
and out,side of those rules, there is no responsi-
bility by the Government to her citizens, and can-
not be. Such is the case between nations. There
is no responsibility between nations, beyond the
legal rule which exists amongst them, and which
regulates their intercourse.
Mr. HUGHES. One further question. I put
this question to my fnend: in the absence of all
positive law regulating this case, would we not be
governed by the pnneiples of justice and equity,
and would not that bung him home to the ques-
tion, is this a just cla:m or not, regardless of tech-
nical objections ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Equity itself is
founded upon law. It is predicated upon law.
The reason you have courts of e'quilv is because
there are a ceitam class of eases which cannot be
brought exactly within the legular rales. These
courts determine and declare, on principles of
equity and justice, the rights and relations be-
tween the Government and citizen. Equity is a
branch of the laws of the country, It giows out
of the law, exists in it, and is the very root of the
law.
Now, as to the otherproposition of the gentleman
from Louisiana. He says that if a wrongful act
be done by one o&the agents of a foreign Govern-
ment, the Government that is injured may claim
indemnity. What is the universal rule ? Suppose
the captain of a British man-of-war offers an in-
sult to our flag: what is the remedy? Our Gov-
ernment demands from that of England redress
and apology. The English Gov eminent disavows
the act, mid says it was not done by its consent,
and that it (joes not indorse the act ? What, then,
is the remedy? Pull atonement has been made
by that declaration of the British Government.
How do we proceed then?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. The gentleman
from Mississippi speaks of an insult or indignity
offered to the nation. I merely asked h;m what
would be the result if a wrong were inflicted and
a loss entailed on one of our citizens—a positive
loss.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Well, suppose
the captain of that British man-of-war has gone
so far as to take tiie property of an American cit-
izen: what is then the remedy? The presumption
is, that the benefit of the act has inured to the
British Government; but whether such an as-
sumption dbes or does not arise, there is an inter-
national law by which we would call on the Eng-
lish Government for indemnity for the wrong
done by its officer; and the English Government
thus called upon, would proceed to adjudicate the
matter, and treat it as if they were acting in the
cupaciry of a legal tubunal;and whatever amount
of damages would be found due, the English Gov-
ernment would proceed to pay over to this Gov-
ernment for the benefit of its injured citizen.
Mr TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Will the com-
mittee permit me to en 11 us attention to a circum*
stance which transpired some twoyeaisago, and
on which our Government lias, m my opinion,
neglected to perform its dury towards our own
A vessel belonging to the United States was lying
in a Mexican port. While lying there, one of the
national vessels of Mexico came steaming down
the harbor, and fired shots fiom her guns, some
of which passed into the American vessel, and
inflicted ^grievoits injury. The mischief done
amounted to some thousands of dollars. The fact
was brought to the notice of the Administration
of the United States, and application was made to
the Mexican Government, complaining of the in-
jury, and asking redress. The Mexican Govern-
ment replied that the vessel which did the wrong
was at that moment in a state of revolt against
the Mexican authority. Thereupon, and on the
principle contended for by my friend from Mis*
sissippi, the Secretary of State, in reply to a letter
addressed to him by me, says: *
" After that apology, it is not perceived that we have any
claim on the Mexican Government tor redie&s."
Now, I ask my friend if the American citizen,
in that instance, was not entitled to redress from
Mexico?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. And I say at once
£< no." I say the decision of the Department was
right. On the same principle an American citi-
zen whose vessel is fired into by a pirate has no
remedy. The Government is not responsible to
him for the damage, nor can any tribunal on
earth give any satisfaction, except to get hold of
the pirates, if possible, and hang them.
Mr. TAYLOR, of'Louisiana. Let me call the
gentleman's attention to another principle of in-
ternational law. Jf two other countries are en-
gaged in war, should a merchant vessel of one of
the belligerent Powers come into our waters, and
an armed vessel of the other belligerent comes in
and captures her, in our own waters and within
our national jurisdiction, is it not true thnf,hy
the law of nations, we a^e responsible for the
value of the vessel so captured? And is it not
our dbty, by the law of nations, to make redress
to the owners? Is it not also true that the Gov-
ernment of the nation to which the captured ves-
sel belonged has a right to exact such redress;
and in the event of our not giving the redress
claimed, would it not be a just cause of war?
Now let me ask the gentleman how it is that we
are under such obligations with respect to the in-
jury done by a belligerent Power whose vessel is
in our waters, and that we would not he undo**
an obligation to exert our power and protect a
foreign vessel in one of our ports from injury by
one of our own agents?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am astonished
that a gentleman of the intelligence of my friend
from Louisiana should ask such a question.
There is an obligation upon us m the case he puts.
That obligation is imposed by law. But while
we are responsible to the nation whose vessel has
been seized or injured in our waters, the Govern-
ment to which the capturing vessel belongs is re-
sponsible to us. Wc would not have to foot the
bill; but the nation whose vessel violated our
neutrality would have to foot the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. Will tjje gentle-
man allow me to ask him who is responsible to the
American citizcn whose vessel was injured m a
Mexican port, under the circumstances I have
stated?
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I answer that it
so happens that nobody is responsible, because
the vessel inflicting the injury was in a state «©f
rebellion.
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. 1 supposed it to
be a principle of law everywhere and at all times
recognized that there was no wrong without a
remedy. But it seems that we have at last made
a discovery of so monstrous a thing as a wrong
without a remedy.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. In the case of a
pirate attacking a vessel, is there not a wrong
done; and will the gentleman be pleased to state,
for the information of the House, what the rem-
edy is?
Mr. TAYLOR, of Louisiana. There is no na-
tional responsibility, because the piratical craft
has no nationality.
Mr. MORGAN. I rise to a point of order. It
may be very interesting to these irentiemen to dis-
cuss these points of law, but it in nut s>o to us; and
I ohjec to it.
Mr. DAViS,.of Mississippi. If I am afford-
ing the least pain to the gentleman from New
