THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON,' D.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 1859.
New Serie^I....No.'54.
York, I will surrender the floor most cheer-
fully.
Mr. MORGAN. I shall be very glad to hear
the gentleman from Mississippi go on; and him
alone.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. And I will let the
gentleman from New York interest the House by
his wisdom and his eloquence.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think, Mr. Chair-
man, that, in this argument about international
law, poor Leef and McICee have been entirely
forgotten. I therefore ask the committee to in-
dulge me in a few words.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will the gnntleman from
New York permit me to mention one point to
which I wish him to advert in his remarks? I
desire to asceriaw, from the chairman of the
Committee on Commerce, whether this seizure
in South America was, in itself, legal or illegal?
It strikes me that the whole case turns on that.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I thank ibe gen-
tleman for his suggestion, and, in the remarks
which I intend to submit, will endeavor to com-
ment on the .point he has made. This bill seems
to have been reported by the Committee on Com-
merce. It unquestionably received the assent of
those members present. All of them, however,
were not present, and it therefore becomes the
duty of those who were present, and who may
be familiar with the facts, to state their views
and give their reasons for the report in as brief
a space as possible. Now, sir, m lespect to the
general principle involved in this discussion, there
can be no question between lawyers or between
men of common sense. Wherever there has been
a wrong done, there has been an infiictor of the in-
jury as well as its receiver. He who has received
the injury has a right of complaint, unquestion-
ably, against the man who committed the injury.
Now, whether the parties to the injury be
Governments orindividuals, makes no difference
in point of law. In foro conscientice the wrong is
the question to be considered, and redress is that
demanded. How, then, is the remedy to be ap-
plied? Whether individuals, corporations, or
Governments are concerned, the party of whom
redress is to be obtained, is,a question which cir-
cumstances must determine. Now, then, in the
case before us, these claimants have been injured.
They undoubtedly have cause of complaint. The
next question which arises is, to whom are they
to apply for redress ? In this case there can be no
uncertainty-as'to the nature of the injury. JThcy
were individuals representing a certain property.
That property was violated; it was controlled by
other forcc than their own; by an act involuntary
as it regards them, it was sequestered, confisca-
ted, and sent many miles away.
They must, then, clearly, in the judgment of
this committee, have cause of complaint. The
remedy which they ask is against this Govern-
ment, and it is upon that point that the judgment
of the committee is now demanded. The person
who inflicted the wrong was the consul at Bahia.
The only question left, is whether the wrong in-
flicted was personal by that consul, as an individ-
ual, or official by him, as the representative of
this Government. Now, what are the powers and
duties of a consul ? I am inclined to think they
can have no jurisdiction of a judicial character.
They certainly are not, under the laws of our
Government, constituted courts. Their duties are
specifically prescribed. They affect the manage-
ment of vessels in the ports where they are loca-
ted, complaints against seamen, &c., but in no
case can 1 find that a consul is by law authorized
to act judicially. In truth, no authority in this
country has power within the territory of a neigh-
boring country to impait such jurisdiction to its
representative there as to override or overshadow
the surrounding jurisdiction of the country in
which he is located.
In the case before us, the consul exercised a
power which never could have been exercised ex-
cept he were the representative of our Govern-
ment. True, it was through ignorance of the
proper construction of the law, that he inflicted a
54
gross and grievous wrong upon the property of a
citizen of the United States. But gross ignorance
is equivalent to gross and culpable negligence. If,
under the garb of the authority of the United
States, a consul is enabled to inflict wrong upon
the property of a citizen of the United States, the
question occurs whether, in foro conscientia, this
application of the representative authority of the
United States, is founded in justice and in right?
That, it seems to me, is the question; and it is a
question which, as I think, is sustained favor-
ably for the claimants by the authority of many
judicial decisions. I need only refer to the in-
stances given in the report of the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. STANTON. I understand the gentleman
from New York to say that consuls have no judi-
cial powers in foreign ports. Do I understand
him to say that they have no power to settle ques-
tions arising between American citizens in the
ports where they are located ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Unquestionably
that power is granted by statute to them as min-
Mr. STANTON. Then I wish to ask the gen-
tleman another question. If they are to be con-
sidered as acting not judicially, but only mimsle-
rially, is not a consul liable for the seizure of a
vessel?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Unquestionably.
Mr. STANTON. Then I submit that the rem-
edy is against him personally, and not against
the Government.
Mr. MILLSON. My friend fiom New York
has stated correctly that a consul has no judicial
power, and that this consul eried greatly and was
grossly ignorant in supposing that he had. But
I ask the gentleman, if the gross ignorance of this
consul had led him to suppose that he had the
right to imprison its owners on board the vessel,
and the gross ignorance of the claimants had in-
duced them to submit to the imprisonment, would
the Government have been responsible for the
false imprisonment?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I answer my friend
from Virginia, upon no legal ground would the
Government have been responsible. I base my
argument upon the equities of the case, not upon
its law. These parties have no legal remedy
against the Government; but, looking to the cir-
cumstances presented, the consul acting as the
representative of the Government, do they not
constitute such a case as appeals strongly to the
equity of the Government for relief?
Mr. STANTON. My point is this: If a con-
sul be a judicial tribunal, having power to con-
demn, and whose decisions are subject to reversal
by the home Government, how does this case
differ from the ordinary case of an erroneous de-
cision by a subordinate judicial tribunal thiough
the instrumentality of which a party suffers a
deprivation of property until the reversal of the
decision by the superior court? If the decision
of the consul be not a judicial act, but a mere
ministerial act, a mere trespass, such as may be
committed by a sheriff or marshal, outside of the
execution of the duties of his office, I ask whether
the aggrieved party is not remitted to his personal
remedy against the officei; and whether, m either
event, the Government can be hold responsible?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. There can be no
question were a consul clothed with judicial
authority, and he erred m the exercise of lus
power, the party injured would be remediless,
even after judgment reversed. But, in my opin-
ion, there can be suit for trespass maintained
against a judicial officer, for an act committed,
though' in exercise of judicial functions, and
though no corruption be charged, if he exceed his
jurisdictional authority—and that I maintain to
be this case. Then, in case of the commission of
this unlawful act, it is to the surrounding circum-
stances that we are to look for a correct conclu-
sion m the inquiry, whether the Government
should relieve the parties suffering from the act of
its representative. In reference to this considera-
tion it is that I take this position: that where a
consul, having no judicial authority, but clothed
in a representative capacity by this Government,
in exercise of his representative powers, commits
a trespass upon the property of citizens of the
United States, if the trespass is of that gross and
culpable nature which warrants interference, in
the opinion of any reasonable and judicious man,
it constitutes a case for the interference of this
committee, and of this House, in behalf of the
party who has suffered the wrong.
Mr, HUGHES. With the permission <^f my
friend from New York, I desire to say, that so far
as I am concerned, I have placed this case upoo
the ground that the consul had both judicial and
ministerial functions to perform. By judicial func-
i tions I do not mean that he holds a court widt a
! sheriff,aclerk,andlawyers;butlmeanthathehas
duties to perform of this character; that he has
to decide upon questions of law and fact; that it
is his duty to determine whether a vessel under
certain circumstances ought to be confiscated or
not; and having made the decision that he is his
own executive. He has both judicial and min-
isterial functions to perform, and where he errs,
there being no corruption, he is not liable; but,
in cases of this peculiar class, his Government
is. He consummates judicial error by proceed-
ing in his ministerial capacity to inflict injuries
upon a citizen.
I desire further to say, in answer to a question
put by the senior member from Ohio, [Mr. Gid-
dings,] that this seizure has been declared illegal
two several times. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury so decided, and ordered the vessel to be re-
leased from custody. The district court of the
United States so decided, and ordered the vessel
to be released from custody; but at the same time
so far recognized the official character of thesiez-
ure as to make the owners pay the wages of the
crew placed upon the vessel by the consul in the
exercise of his office.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I have so under-
stood the gentleman from Indiana, but I have
been indisposed to place the merits of this case
upon grounds so uncertain as those necessary to
the opinion which makes a consul a judicial offi-
cer. My judgment retires from that position,
and I would prefer, in consideration of better as-
sured safety, to place it upon circumstances which
constitute this an act of unusual and peculiar ag-
gression. Now, that I am right, I invoke the
opinion of the Secretary of State, who addresses
this language to the chairman of the committee
who addressed a letter to him upon the subject.
Mr. Buchanan, on the 11th day of July, 1848, in
answer to the question whether the Government
was liable "for the illegal acts of its officers,"
after replying m the negative, says:
" Such. undoubtedly, is the general rule ; but very strong
and peculiar ea«es may piesent exceptions. It is, however,
lor the legislative branch of the Government to decide, in
its discretion, whether, under the circumstances, the ease
of fJenry Leef be of this character."
Again: Judge Woodbury, when Secretary of
the Treasury, to whom a similar case was referred,
says, in his report of December 8, 1834:
"The liabilities of the Government for the acts of its
agents, a* therein maintained extend only to ?ncii acts as
iiiiMi from gros? negligence m discharge of official duties,
or from omission to perform them : and even in these eases,
the persons suffering, should either resort to the agent early,
and in a suit with him, establish his liability, ami the
amount of damage, or resort only to the Government, and
make out a very clean ease, so that redress might be had
by the Government on his personal responsibility on his
official bunds and sureties, if any exist."
Now, sir, it is that, with the language of this
opinion before us, the committee is called upon
to inquire what are the circumstances of this case.
Are they of such peculiar, grave, and unusual
nature that upon their face they bear impress of
culpable neglect, growing out of gross ignorance
First, however, in respect to the condition prece-
dent, which is implied in the opinion of Judge
Woodbury, that a suit should be established
against the party doing the wrong. That would
be a good position taken here against this claim
were there any proof in the case, that process
could have been served upon (he party who com-
