1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
227
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Nichols.
Ho. of Reps.
the business interests of the nation, the interrup-
tion of its commercial relations; and they seek to
assign the reason why the Treasury, which a few
years ago was replete with funds, is now in the
condition that it is. In my judgment the error
lies more in the legislation of Congress, than in
any other cause. It is true that a few years ago
your Treasury was full to overflowing, and you
had a surplus of from twenty-four to twenty-
seven million dollars; and now you are com-
pelled to borrow money in order to pay the ordi-
nary expenses of the Government. But what are
the reasons to be assigned for this great change
in the finances of the Government during the last
live years ? A hold, as one member of this House,
responsible for my opinions only and holding to
opinions on this question which have character-
ized my whole political career, that the evil arises
not from our tariff policy at all, but from legisla-
tion here, which has fostered an unwise spirit of
speculation throughout the country, and conduced
to bring about a system of credit detrimental to
the public interests, and which sound policy rep-
rehends and repudiates at all times.
I wish to speak upon one branch of this ques-
tion alone. As to specific or ad valorem duties, I
may have a few words to say upon their respect-
ive merits hereafter. But I speak of this one
principle now. During the six years that I
have served here, the Government has frequent-
ly loaned Us credit in the shape of grants of the
public lands to the various States of this Union
for raihoad purposes. It has thus loaned its
credit to those States. The States have received
those donations, have based their legislation upon
them, have fostered unwise and ruinous schemes
of public improvement as a consequence of such
loans of credit. Companies have been formed
which have undei taken enterprises which never
■would pay, and which had their origin in the fer-
tile brains of men who sought to derive from
them their own pecuniary advancement. And
these enterprises have derived the very breath of
life—their vitality—from these insane grants to
them by the American Congress of the people's
property. Now, what have been the legitimate
fruits of this system ? Your companies are formed;
these enterprises are undertaken; they go into
the market; and they do this upon the credit you
have given them by your land grants. What,
then, are the reasons why the country is placed
in the position that we find it in to-day? I have
indicated two or three which, in my judgment,
form the basis of all these difficulties; and I say
imkv that the whole trouble arises, not from a
deficiency of revenue, not because sufficient duties
are not collected under the present tariff, for which
I voted, but from an inflation of the paper-money
system of the country and an expansion of the
credit of the country, unwise in itself, and which
all history tells us leads only to embarrassment
and ruin, and brings in its tram commercial re-
vulsions as naturally as prostration follows the
fever-flush of unnatural speculation and stimu-
lated production.
Mr. Chairman, I recollect well that when we
left this Hall in 1855, we left the Treasury replete
with money. We all know what followed. The
prostration of a single establishment—a large
private bunking establishment, or broker's office,
m the State which 1 have the honoi, in pait, to
represent, precipitated a commercial crisis upon
the countiy. And what led to the bankruptcy of
that concern? What was it? I ask those familiar
with it to answer me the question, what led to
the prostration of that concern? I ask my col-
league near me, [Mr. Bliss.] 1 ask my colleague
over yonder, [Mr. Vallandigham.] I ask my
senior colleague, [Mr. (Biddings.] Was it not
the abstraction of us actual capital? "Was it not
that its actual money was embarked in unprofit-
able railroad investments and enterpiises that
could not pay, and never were supposed to be able
to pay, and the maladministration of its affairs by
the officeis and stockholders of the concern, that
broke it down?
Mr. BLISS. It was so understood. It was the
engagement of the company in railroad specula-
tions.
Mr. GIDDINGS. And principally in New
York.
Mr. NICHOLS. It was the investment of the
funds of the concern in railroad enterprises in
our own State, and its connection with specula-
tors in New York, that bankrupted it. I wish
here to pay a high tribute to the State which I
have the honor, in part, to represent. So far as
we ourselves were concerned, we were abundantly
able to meet all our obligations on the part of
that concern or any other; and when the suspen-
sion of specie payments swept like a miasma over
your eastern ana southern States, with pestilen-
tial breath prostrating the business of the coun-
try, Ohio stood nobly up and redeemed her obli-
gations in every particular. Sir, her banks did
not suspend; they paid specie at their counters,
upon all bona fide presentments; her State credit
was preserved, and her people were in a sound
condition, notwithstanding it was discovered, in
the same year, that $750,000 had been fraudu-
lently abstracted from her State treasury. Her
credit was unimpaired. But I hold, in this con-
nection, that the tariff question shears this, and
this only, that it is not the actual amount of du-
ties levied, but the system of carrying on the
business of the country which prostrates the busi-
ness of the country, and brings about these com-
mercial embarrassments. These results follow
the combination of the speculators; the moneyed
men; the paper men—for that is the correct term
—these paper men, the inauguration of whose
system of operations makes the labor of the coun-
try, the business of the country, and the men of
the country subordinate to their corporate influ-
ences.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the prostration of this
one concern in Ohio produced embarrassment in
all your eastern banks, and brought about all your
eastern failures. They went down in a way that
reminded me of the boys that I have seen on the
street corners, who would set up a row of bricks,
and then, when they toppled over one brick, all
the others were prostrated. They went down en
masse. Why? Why, Mr. Chairman? Because
the system was rotten; it was based, not upon
labor, it was not based upon industry, not upon
capital, but upon a fictitious value in paper prom-
ises to pay; that was all there was of it. And,
sir, Congress encouraged this speculation, by
giving in Minnesota, by giving in Michigan, by
giving in Illinois, by giving in Iowa, by giving in
other States, grants of land, placing capital in
bank for these paper bankers to draw against at
any time, thereby inflating what would otherwise
have been a standard currency, and making the
whole interests and labor and capital of the
country, subordinate to this floating paper cur-
rency, utterly irredeemable, issued by utterly ir-
responsible men, and utterly worthless in value.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what was the condition
of the revenues of the country on the 4th day of
March, 1855? As I have before stated, your
Treasury was then full; it was inflated; where is
it now? Your Treasury has been depleted; your
commerce almost prostrated, and your revenues
diminished. Why ? It has been because, upon
the faith of the legislation of Congress, upon the
grants of land made by Congress, that these wild
and unwise schemes were devised; upon that faith
that these speculations were encouraged. If you
will go back to 1855, you will find this to he the
state of things existing: that,undei the legislation
adopted by Congress, and by the State Legisla-
tures, every State, and every county, and every
city, and every town, almost, in the whole West
and Southwest, went into debt to almost the
whole amount of their actual wealth or capital for
schemes of ostensible improvement They went
into debt, and the bonds issued as the evidence
of such debt, went into circulation m the country,
as the basis of capital for banks, and m various
ways, to the amount of $300,000,000. These se-
cunties were issued in the shape of laihoad
bonds; in the shape of State bonds,county bonds,
and city bonds. As a circulating medium for the
fuitherance of large transactions, they were
deemed better than bank bills themselves. And
when the Ohio Life and Trust Company went
down, all those banks and corporations which
bad for their basis such securities, went down in
their turn. The effect, in fact, was to strike from
the paper circulating medium of the country
$300,000,000, which had conliibuted to enhance
the value of produce, and which had contributed
to enhance the price of labor, and to stimulate*an
unnatural excitement in the various business
marts of the country. When this fictitious
amount of capital was withdrawn, this general
prostration of business followed, as a matter of
course.
Now, sir, gentlemen may draw at least one les-
son from this experience of the past; that a course
of frugality and economy is the besWcourse for
any people to pursue. The days are past, when-
our mothers and wives and sisters will be con-
tent to wear homespun dresses. A new order of
things Has been inaugurated. The things which
we now regard as necessaries in those days were
considered luxuries. It is important, therefore,
that we should strive to practice frugality and
economy, not only in our ov/n private business
and relations, but also in the administration of
our nutional affairs. That, sir, is the cours.e which
every nation must pursue, which wishes to pre-
serve its reputation unimpaired in the eyes of the
world.
Now, sir, I sincerely desire to act with those
gentlemen who are associated with me in politi-
cal relations upon this financial question, if 1 can.
I noticc, sir, that the vote which I gave upon a
motion to suspend the rules to introduce the tariff
bill of the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] the other day, has been already the cause
of considerable comment upon the part of my
political friends here and elsewhere. 1 have only
this to say in relation to that vote, as I propose,
with the consent of the people of my district—
previously obtained, you understand—to retire
from public life in ten days; and I wish to say it
m order that I may be held responsible for it
hereafter; that I would never vote for a tariff bill
embiacing the provisions of that bill. I could not
do it. It is at war with every principle which, as
a politician, I have ever advanced. Now, gentle-
men may ask me " what would you do?" Well,
sir, I quarrel with no man about his opinions,
and I do not want any gentleman to quarrel with
mine, on this question, though 1 will frankly
confess that, upon this question, it makes very
little difference whether they do or not.
I say this bill is one which I can never vote for.
If my time allowed me, I would state the reasons
now; but it is unnecessary that I should. There
is scarcely a man, woman, or child, in my dis-
trict, who is able to read, who does not under-
stand my opinions; and that knowledge is not
confined to my district particularly, at this time.
But the question is asked, "What will you do ?"
I will tell you what I would do. I do not pre-
sume there is a majority of this House in favor
of the measure which I would adopt; and, with
all due respect for my associates on this floor, I
care very little whether there is or not. I would
vote for a suspension of the tariff last adopted,
and for the reenactmen t of the tariff of 1846. That
is what 1 would do; and I would go no further,
except it may be in the matter of railroad iron,
upon which £ care not how high you make your
specific duty, for it represses public debt and ten-
dencies to public debt; and in that bill I find high
duties upon articles of luxury, and low duties
upon articles of prune necessity. Its principles of
adjustment I am satisfied with. If you choose
to put a tax upon articles such as I have indicated,
that will amount to a prohibition of their pur-
chase in a foreign maiket, I will go for it; not
because it is a piotection to the manufacturer, but
simply because, m my judgment, it protects the
honest people whose interests are being preju-
diced by the creation of debt, and the unwise
grant of their credit to schemes which embarrass
them, and entail upon posterity debts ruinous to
their best interests. 1 hope that I am understood.
I do not know that I can say anything more on
this question; but I propose to diverge toanothei
question. I find myself, sir, occupying a very
equivocal position upon this floor. The gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Letcher] says that I
am in a sort of transition state. Gentlemen upon
this side have indicated that I do not belong to an
organization with which I have acted for about
five years. I wish to say this, that a man's posi-
tion is determined precisely by his own will; and
I know no way m God Almighty's world that a
man can be dismissed from a party without his
own consent. I allude to one thing, and that is
