228
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Nichols.
Ho. of Reps.
my vote, some days ago, on the Oregon bill. My
opinions were well known during the whole of
that controversy. I'never made any concealment
of them; and, will say, sir, that 1 never sought
to do so. I made my opinions known to every
gentleman who consulted me.
I say now, sir, with reference to that vote, that
it now commands the approval of my deliberate
judgment. "I have nothing for which to apolo-
gize, and I take nothing back. There is no hon-
orable man with whom 1 am associated in politics
who would ask me to do it, 1 know. But, sir, if
we could be left to the gentlemanly intercourse of
equals and associates here, I apprehend we could
have little trouble. Outside influences are brought
to bear upon men, which makes it necessary for
them, once in a while, to define their position, and
to give a reason, as is said in the class meetings
of better men amongst my people than any of us,
who are primitive, honest, and true, to give area-
son for the faith that is within me. I voted for
the Oregon bill; and by that vote, as I have before
said, I am prepared to stand. I ask no man's
pardon; I make no apology. It was a just vote,
and one which I think I can defend against all
attacks. Yet, sir, in that paper, which is the
organ of the Republican party of my State, I find
myself assailed day after day. In other papers I
am held upas responsible for deserting the organ-
ization of the Republican party. Now, I know
no reason for this. I believe there were fifteen
of us in that category; and I suppose that my ven-
erable colleague [Mr. Giddings] will accord to
us that we are all honorable and honest men.
The reasons why I voted for that bill—and I
speak of the question now, sir, not that I suppose
it needs any particular defense, but because I had
not the opportunity of putting my reasons fully
upon the record before; and I propose to add
nothing now that I said before. I propose to finish
what time did not then allow me: some additional
reasons for the course I pursued—what are they ?
I listened attentively; I sought for an opportunity
for joining those with whom I have been associ-
ated in their opposition—if that position in my
judgment was just; I heard their objections; I
alluded to one or two of them in my former re-
marks; I cannot follow them out now; but I say,
m addition to one or two points presented, that
the most serious objection urged against the ad-
mission of Oregon, was that urged by my col-
league, [Mr. Stanton,] that the constitution of
Oregon prevented the immigration of free negroes,
and that it prohibited free negroes from suing in
her courts of justice. Now, sir, I lay down the
proposition that a people are sovereign. I insist;
upon the primary position I have always main-
tained, and which 1 always will maintain, that
the sovereignty of a Territory is in the whole
people of a nation, to be exercised through their
Representatives in Congress. I lay down that
proposition primarily; and the next proposition
1 make is this: that whenever a people come to
form a State constitution, or, in other words, to
model their organic law, and to submit that to
the Congress of the United States, there is but
one constitutional question that I, as a Represent-
ative, can ask, and that is, as to whether their
constitution is republican in form.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Define what you mean by
that.
Mr. NICHOLS. I know what my colleague
means by that question, and I will give him the
definition that he desires. If it be republican m
form, I,as a conscientious member of this body,
having my own views of what constitutes repub-
lican, am bound to vote for it. Here is a consti-
tution which excludes free negroes. I have no
doubt, Mr. Chairman, that that people have a
right to exclude them in modeling their organic
law. 1 say, further, that a State may determine
that a foreigner shall never exercise the right of
suffrage within its limits; and would you say, be-
cause they did so, that their constitution was not
republican in for#)? It is true that, as a citizen
of a Territory, I would never lend my sanction
to either of those measures. But it is the action
of the people; and 1 beg leave to say, in support
of my position, that Ohio has for fifty years made
the same discrimination, not in her own constitu-
tion, but upon her statute-books. I gladly hailed,
as a member of the Democratic,party, the wiping
out of Ohio's discrimination against a portion of
the population of the country. I defended the
men who voted to strike down the negro laws of
my State, because I believed that they were un-
just. That discrimination, as my colleague knows,
had been a dead letter before the Legislature wiped
it out, except in one particular, and in that one
particular we but lent our aid to the dictates of
justice, and furthered its sound administration.
Now,, sir, in the remarks that I submitted on
the Oregon bill, I said—and I again repeat it, and
hold myself responsible for it—that, if the peo-
ple of Oregon did not desire the presence of free
negroes, they had the right to prevent their in-
troduction. True, 1 might say in my own mind,
that I would not.have done it; that I believe it to
be inhuman. But it is a power that has been ex-
ercised by the people of various States, free and
slave, ana which I believe might be exercised by
the people of any State. American citizens have
the right to tretermine the character of the popu-
lation that may inhabit a particular State. It is
no answer to say that the State of Ohio or the
State of New York give to one portion of its peo-
ple one privilege, and which privilege may be de-
nied by another State. I know of no principle,
no right, no power, that can be exercised by the
General Government, which forces on the people
of Ohio a free-negro population against their own
consent.
Mr. GILMAN. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio, what party held that the Gen-
eral Government had such a power ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I answer the gentlemen in
this way. A people seeking to be invested with
the attributes of a sovereign State, presented their
application for admission into this Union. No
party, as a party, rejected thatapplication. That
is true. But of the ninety-three members of the
party, with which I and the gentleman act, all
but fifteen voted against the application of a free
State for admission, on the ground that the con-
stitution formed by her" people does exclude free
negroes; and the gentleman himself voted with
them, sir, to impose State limitations, and to re-
ject Oregon because she did exclude free negroes.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Oh, no.
Mr. NICHOLS. Then on vAat ground ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will state, in a few words,
why I voted against the admission of Oregon. It
was because, in the assumption of her power, she
overstepped the bounds of human government in
declaring that certain individuals should not
maintain their natural rights within the bounds
of that State. When Oregon, by any provision
of her constitution, secured the enjoyment of all
the rights of her citizens, she was acting within
her legitimate sovereignty. But when she over-
stepped these bounds and made war on any por-
tion of the human family, declaring that the nat-
ural rights which God gave them shall not be
maintained within her bounds, then I cannot sup-
port her action.
Mr. NICHOLS. I do not find fault with my
honorable colleague.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I make this statement be-
cause lunderstood mycolleage tostate thegrounds
on which the admission of Oregon was opposed.
I merely state the grounds on which I opposed it.
Mr. NICHOLS. Now I will hear the gentle-
man from Maine give the reasons for his vote.
Mr. GILMAN. My reasons are on record in
the Globe.
Mr. NICHOLS. I was not aware of it; and
my misfortune is that I have not seen them. I
should very much like to see them.
Mr. GILMAN. I call the attention of the gen-
tleman to one point; and I will be glad if he shall
allude to it before he takes his seat. I want to
direct the gentleman's attention to the section that
provides for regulating and restraining immigra-
tion to Oregon.
Mr. NICHOLS. I think my opinion has been
very clearly expressed on that subject already. I
believe that the people of Ohio have a right to say
that they will no.f be troubled—if it be a trouble
—with free negroes. Whether it be expedient
and proper to say so, or not, is another question.
I, for one, would not say so.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I will propound one ques-
tion to my friend. I wish to know whether he
holds that human government? are constituted
among men to secure the right of every individ-
ual to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness ?
Mr. NICHOLS. In my judgment, men's nat-
ural rights are: life,liberty,and the uninterrupted
pursuit of that road to happiness which they may
choose. But human governments are organized
on well-known principles. Man gives up a por-
tion of his natural rights whenever he enters a
state of civilized society. The people of Ohio
enjoy their natural rights, restrained only so far
as conduces to their condition of happiness as a
civil or political community. There is no ques-
tion about that. But we are a nationality; and
the limitations upon natural rights, ordained and
established by our compact of nationality, ought
to be well understood by my colleague.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Will my colleague specify
the natural right which he or 1 have given up in
Ohio?
Mr. NICHOLS. Yes, sir, I will. I under-
stand that the right of a man in a barbarous state
is to govern his own morals according to his own
will; to right his own wrong by the strong hand;
in fact, to be a salts culottes, if he desires it; but
when he enters- into a state of civil society, he
sacrifices a part of his own will for the benefit of
the whole.
Mr. GIDDINGS.1 Let me explain. In enter-
ing this state of civilization, we surrender no
right, either of life or liberty, or the pursuit of
happiness. We surrender the will, to be sure;
but my friend would not hold that that authorizes
us to encroach on the rights of one human being ?
Mr. NICHOLS. No, sir. No natuial or con-
stitutional right have we authonty to encroach
upon. I am very thankful to the gentleman for
bringing me back to the point on this Oregon
question. There are no free negroes m Oregon.
No rights of theirs are, therefore, to be affected
within the limits of that State. There is a pro-
hibition against the entrance of any free negroes
there; and a provision superadded, that no free
negroes shall sue in the courts of justice there.
If there be no free negroes there, what right is
invaded by providing against suits by such
people ? If there aie no free negroes there, there
are none there to sue; and my colleague goes off,
not upon a practical point, but upon an abstrac-
tion.
Mr. GIDDINGS. 1 would say to my col-
league, that hundreds of free negroes in the east-
era States own property, real and personal, in
Oregon; and the constitution of Oregon precludes
them from recovering debts, or maintaining their
rights to property. ft
Mr. NICHOLS. If that be the fact, I know
nothing of it. My information, derived from the
best sources, is, that there are none there.
Mr. GIDDINGS. They are not there. They
reside in New England, and other States, and
hold property in Oregon.
Mr. NICHOLS. I would like to know how
the people of that despised race, for whom the
sympathies of my colleague and myself have al-
ways been enlisted, come to have extensive inter-
ests in Oregon ?
Mr. GIDDINGS. I state to my colleague the
fact, and ask him about the principle;
Mr. NICHOLS. I will tell you what I would
do were I a citizen of Oregon. I won'-ld say, give
to these free negroes the right to collect their
debts. But, in our own State, if I have a claim
against a man and have the right to enforce its
collection, and go into a court of justice to obtain
judgment, and obtain it, if he interposes the ex-
emption law, the stay law, and the appraisement
law, against the collection of my debt, he hinders
and embarrasses me, and I cannot get my natural
rights to my own, except I take them, subject to
the regulations of civil society. Does not that
rest on the same principle?
Mr. FOSTER. 1 ask the gentleman whether
black citizens are not protected by the Constitu-
tion of the United States?
Mr, NICHOLS. In my judgment they are.
But now I come down to lhe practical point, that
which was alluded to in the most stringent man-
ner by gentlemen on this side. They say that
the constitution of Oregon interdicts slavery. It
does. They say that, notwithstanding that pro-
vision of the constititution, if a negro be taken
there and held in slavery, he cannot assert his
