1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
229
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. jNichols.
Ho. of Reps.
freedom in the courts. In Ohio, in two notable
instances, slaves have recovered their freedom, al-
though they were not the instigators of the suits
themselves. Some good, generous white friend
applied for a writ of habeas corpus; filed affidavits;
a hearing was had; and the slaves discharged.
There is no people on earth so abandoned that in
a case of that kind a white man cannot be found
to act as prochein ami of a negro.
Now, Mr. Chairman, what next in the consid-
eration of this question? I have endeavored to
reply to the question of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Gilman.] He asked me who put their ob-
jections upon these grounds ? I have endeavored
to show that fifteen other Republicans voted for
the admission of Oregon with these provisions
in its constitution, and that the residue of the
party voted against it, basing their opposition to
it upon these two provisions in the constitution
of Oregon. I never meant to quarrel with the
vote of a single man upon this floor against that
bill, and I know that no gentleman would quarrel
with my vote for it. But I have been assailed for
that vote in a manner which impels me to strug-
gle against the assault, and to make my record
clear. I do not intend to go down without a strug-
gle upon such a question as this, when I believe,
as God Iiveth,that I am right and just in my ac-
tion. The people of Oregon settled their institu-
tions just as the people of Ohio and Illinois and
other States settled theirs. Do you mean to say
that when a child of this Confederacy cornea up
and asks the protecting hand of the Government
to be admitted into the Union as a State, to be a
sister," bone of our bone, and flesh of our flesh,"
you should interpose the objection that there is a
provision in her constitution which prohibits the
immigration of free negroes into the State? Gen-
tlemen say they do not put their opposition upon
that ground. What then? They say negroes are
not permitted to sue in the courts of Oregon.
Now, I would like to say this to gentlemen: I
have a pretty intimate knowledge of the free ne-
gro population of this country—better, I appre-
hend, than gentlemen here who are identified
with me in political action. I reside in a district
which has about as many free negroes in it as
any other district in the Ugion; and I was born
and raised in a district where they were numer-
ous. I know them. I do not know, however,
that their interests are such that they have ex-
tended their commerce and their business to the
State of Oregon, so as to make it absolutely ne-
cessary that they should have admission into the
c$ms of that State. I do not so understand
their business and their interests. If they are
excluded from the State, then the whole objection
becomes a mere matter of nonentity, and there is
nothing in it. That is the view I have taken of
the question.
■ But, sir, there is another question—I do not
make it now, but it has been made by the editor
of the Free-Soil paper published in this city—a
gentleman who has more brains than four fifths
of the editors of this Union. In a recent article,
he has made a legal point that has more in it than
any that has been made by myself, or by any of
the gentlemen who oppose me upon this side of
the House. And when that legal point shall be
presented in the courts of Oregon, that man who
foresaw it and brought it out and developed it,
will see his predictions and conclusions verified
in the judgment of the judicial tribunals; and that
which he, as an humble individual, foresaw, will
become a part of the settled policy of a great State
upon the Pacific coast.
Now, there is another clause of the constitution
that I did not argue as fully on a former occasion
as I should have done, and that is the alien clause.
I do not apprehend that, among my particular
political associates, there was any objection in the
world to that.
Mr. GIDDINGS. Yes, there was.
Mr. NICHOLS. I am told there was. Mr.
Chairman, I do not care whether there was or
not. That makes no difference to me. I believe
that in the past history of my own State favors
of that kind have been conferred upon aliens in
reference to many questions; and I see, when I
cross the boundary line into Indiana, living im-
mediately upon it, that those people are allowed
to vote. I declared my opinion on that occasion,
as I had done repeatedly before. For the satis-
faction of my colleague, I will do it again. The
question of suffrage belongs to the people of the
States, placed there by the Constitution — the
question of citizenship, under the Constitution to
the Government of the Union. Sir, I maintain
that doctrine firmly. Do you mean to say, sir,
is it contended here, that Congress may come to
my State, and by an arbitrary law prescribe the
terms upon which our people shall exercise the
right of suffrage? I say no, sir; never. There
is no safety, sir, in any such doctrine. And this,
sir, brings us the whole question, and furnishes
my answer to my colleague upon all his inqui-
ries. The States prescribe the rule of suffrage
without limitation by the General Government; in
some, aliens are excluded; in others, limitations
upon and discriminations against their right to
vote, are imposed. These States are in the Union
under the Constitution; and, sir, wMI it not just
as competent for the people of Oregon to exclude
free negroes as it is for other States to impose
and inflict disabilities upon a portion of their
own white inhabitants? In my judgment, the prin-
ciple involved is the same in one case as the
other. A proposition to admit within the limits
of a State the lazaroni of Naples, or a ship-load
of paupers from the workhouses of England, to
exhaust the substance of a people, and to spread
crime and pauperism, is as easily defended upon
the ground of natural rig/its, as is the claim of
free negroes to go to Oregon against the consent
of her people.
I will yield the balance of my time to my col-
league, [Mr. Bliss.]
Mr. GRANGER. I object. If the gentleman
yields the floor I claim it.
Mr. NICHOLS. Very well, then I will pro-
ceed. Now, Mr. Chairman, I hope I am under-
stood upon these questions upon which I have
designed to speak plainly and unreservedly. In
conclusion, I desire to say that it makes no dif-
ference whether I am hunted down in a news-
paper, by a man in the reporters' gallery, who
has the privilege granted by the House to slander
members gratis, or otherwise. I will have my
own opinions.,#
Mr. STANTON. Under the constitution of
Oregon, neither a negro nor a mulatto has the
power of making a contract. Now, I wish to in-
quire of my colleague, whether, if a negro should
become an importer into Oregon from Hayti or
Jamaica, and should get a bill of exchange of a
citizen of thatState upon the proceeds of his cargo,
which should be indorsed by him, and go into
the hands of a third party, it would not be held
void under that constitution, on the ground that a
negro or mulatto was incompetent to make a con-
tract ?
Mr. NICHOLS. Certainly not. I do not think
that such should be the legitimate construction of
the constitution of Oregon; and, if it were, it
would be at war with the Constitution of the
Jinked States. If it be a contract fairly and hon-
orably made, the negro would be protected in it
under that clause of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States which provides that no law shall be
made to impair the obligation of contracts.
Mr. STANTON. But suppose a bill or note
should be given by an infant: would not that be
void, notwithstanding the provision of the Con-
stitution to which the gentleman has referred?
Mr. NICHOLS. A bill or note given by an
infant would be valid, or not, according to the
laws of the State in which it was given regulating
that subject. As the gentleman well knows, our
own State, all the States, make terms in regard
to infants which have no bearing upon the ques-
tion at all. As a general principle, infants are
incompetent to contract. There is no analogy in
the two cases. A provision, as I have intimated,
at war with the Constitution of the United States,
impairing the validity of contracts, and, I may
say, sir, which expressly negatives the right of
the Union to negotiate treaties of amity and com-
merce with foreign Powers, is a nullity; and,
with all respect, sir, .to my colleague, permit me
to say to him that I do not think he has exam-
ined the question with that circumspection which
is due to his high character as a lawyer.
Mr. ANDREWS. In your judgment, would
Ohio have the right to deprive the citizens of a
sovereign State of the right and privilege of redress
of grievances in its courts of justice, or the right
to prevent the collection of debts in its courts by
the citizen of another State ?
Mr. NICHOLS. I say, unhesitatingly, that I
believe Ohio has no such right.
Mr. STANTON. Now, another question.
May not the laws of a State impose a disability
upon infants, upon married women, and upon
negroes and mulattoes, to make contracts? '
Mr. NICHOLS. Unquestionably, so far as
the laws relate to their own people, and are con-
fined to their own limits. Women married, and
infants, are incompetent to contract by the laws
of nearly all the States. But this is not the case
first put by my colleague; but the answer to it
may be made in the same way.
Mr. STANTON. But with such a law exist-
ing in a State, is not a contract made by a negro
or mulatto void ?
Mr. NICHOLS. Void or not, according to
circumstances. Between negroes and others re-
siding in the State, void, if such be the law; if re-
siding in the State, he cannot contract by the law,
then his contract is void. The gentleman knows
as well as I do, that in reference to these ques-
tions the law of a locality governs. I do not
know, however, how this question bears upon the
first question made by him. By the connection
which he makes, he only shows that married
women and infants may be subject to the same
disability that are imposed by the people of Ore-
gon upon free negroes. But, I propose, sir, to
terminate all this. If the question were to arise
in my own State, I would not forbid negroes to
make contracts; but so far, sir, as Oregon is con-
cerned, I take my position upon a broader prin-
ciple. Even with the construction placed upon
the constitution of Oregon by my colleague, I
would have voted for the Oregon bill. I would,
sir, and understand me distinctly, I would rather
intrust the interests of free negroes to the tender
mercies of the people of Oregon, than to leave them
in the hands of the Federal Government. In pass-
ing upon the question of the admission of Ore-
gon, I had the right to examine her constitution
only for the purpose of ascertaining whetherit was
republican in form. I believe that it was repub-
lican. I believe so now. Upon that belief, I voted
for her admission, and although I may agree with
my colleague, that there are provisions in that
constitution which I, if I were a citizen of Oregon,
should not approve, yet I am willing to leave it
to the good sense of the people of Oregon to cor-
rect the evils which may exist in their own con-
stitution, in their own way. They can, by a
majority vote, change their constitution at any
time. The power of amendment is in the people.
The soverc-%nty of the State springs from the
people. If they have, by their constitution, in-
flicted wrong upon any portion of the human race,
I will trust it to the good sense of that people—I
will leave it to God's providence and their own
good sense to right the wrong, and redress the
evil.
Mr. Chairman, there is another consideration
which impresses me with the belief that there can
be no danger to the institutions of this country,
whatever political sentiments may prevail in this
Hall. I have confidence in the people of this coun-
try, and I have confidence in the Representatives
of that people in this Hall. When 1 look around
I see upon the other side this fact, that the Ad-
ministration, with $80,000,000 patronage, cannot
control a majority to carry out its own decrees.
There is an evidence of the fact in the votes upon
this identical Oregon question. You see fifteen
men on this side voting for the bill, and twenty-
two men on the other side voting against it—men
who, as the particular friends of the Administra-
tion, are its particular advocates, and the recip-
ients of its favors; men who would grumble very
much to-morrow if any recommendation of theirs
for the appointment of a friend to office was not
complied with. I thank God that this is so. I
want independence of thought here, and indepen-
dence of action. I want individuality. I trust
the day has gone past when the edict of an Ad-
ministration shall be registered simply by the
