852
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
timent which is pouring in upon us in memorials
and instructions from the State Legislatures, is
but the reflux of that wave of political sentiment
which has arisen and flown out from this Cap-
itol.
' I do not believe that the honest tillers of the
6oil desire the patronage of Congress. I know
I.speaktruly, when I say for those in my own
State, that all they ask is sheer justice and no
favor. They ask you to let them alone to work
but their own progress; that you will keep your
haind out of their pockets and let them appropriate
their own honest gains, instead of filching them
for the benefit of other interests. But what if the
teople do demand, and Legislatures do instruct
enators to vote for this measure; must they vi-
olate their oaths to support the Constitution ? Sir,
1 have great respect, and profound gratitude for
the people of my own State, to whom I am in-
debted for more than I shall over be able to repay
by my poor services; but whenever they instruct
me to vote for an unconstitutional bill, I will either
refuse to obey their instructions or resign my seat.
I may surrender my judgment to theirs upon all
questions of expediency, but 1 surrender my con-
science to the keeping of no man, or body of men.
I will preserve my self-respect, and will support
this Constitution as I have sworn to do, at the
hazard of their displeasure, or even of their ex-
ecration .
The people do not favor this measure. They
may have been beguiled into the advocacy of land
grants fer agriculture, but they have never con-
sented to surrender the supervision, control, and
direction of their education to the Federal Gov-
ernment. This scheme of peculation and plun-
der, suggested by Congress, is pressed by a few
greedy capitalists and needy adventurers, who
speculate upon our legislation, and not by the
honest tillers of the soil.
This is a most delusive and seductive measure,
Well calculated to conciliate the favor of all those
who look only to the end proposed, without con-
sidering the means exerted. It offers some six
or seven million acres of land to the several States
of the Union, to be distributed in proportion to
their representation in the two Houses of Con-
gress. Under this bill, Alabama would get per-
haps two hundred thousand acres of land for the
endowment, support, and maintenance of a col-
lege or colleges within her limits, the leading ob-
ject of which shall be " to toach those branches,
without excluding other scientific and classical
studies, which relate to agriculture and the me-
chanic arts."
Agriculture is the mere name by whose poten-
tial charms the people are to be defrauded of their
rights. The promotion of agriculture is but the
incident, not the great object of this measure; for
in the same section from which I have read,'I find
it authorizes instruction in all "scientific and clas-
sical studies,"and that the object of the donation
is not to qualify men for agriculture, but " to pro-
mote the liberal and practical education of the in-
dustral classes, in all the several pursuits and
professions of life."
Thus, by this endowment, men are to be trained
for the pursuits of navigation, commerce, and man-
ufactures, and for the professions of law, theol-
ogy, and medicine. Under the pretense of pro-
moting agriculture, commerce, manufactures, and
navigation, may improve their wits, and learn
how to transfer still larger per centums of its prof-
its into their pockets than they have heretofore
acquired by partial and unequal legislation.
The conditions of the grant to Alabama are,
that she will pay out of her treasury all expenses of
managing the lands or moneys arising from the
sale thereof; will invest the moneys in stock of
the United States or of the States, or other safe
stock, yielding five per cent, per annum; will re-
place any portion of the fund that may be lost or
diminished, except ten per cent., which m y be
spent for sites or experimental farms; wi$ not
expend any of the fund in purchasing, erecting,
or repairing any building; will provide for one
such college within five years, or forfeit the grant,
and refund to the United States all she has re-
ceived ; and will make an annual report to every
other such college and to the Smithsonian Insti-
tution. Thus she is, as directed by Congress, to
educate the young, sell lands, invest money, tax
her citizens, and report progress to other colleges
and to the Smithsonian Institution, which is to be
the ocean into which all the rivers of thought
rising in these colleges are to pour their annual
tributes. And, after distillation in the Smith-
sonian laboratory, I presume, that all the pure and
precious thoughts are to be returned in reports to
the colleges.
This is "a magnificent bribe tendered to Ala-
bama for the surrender to Federal power of her
original and reserved right to manage her own
domestic and internal affairs in her own way. Its
acceptance is encouraged not only by the hope of
great gain, but by thefear of greater loss; for if this
bill become a law, and she refuse the donation and
other States accept it, she must endure a double
loss in the land she did not take, and in taxation
to pay for the land that others do take. I hope
she would refuse to "abase herself at the footstool
of Federal power, and spurn the bribe if tendered;
but I trust there is virtue enough left in this Sen-
ate, or in the Executive mansion, to save her from
temptation.
If the principles of this bill be generally con-
ceded by the States, and fully established by the
actipn of Congress and of the Executive, then it
will be impossible to define, or scarcely to imagine
the wide extent of Federal power or the narrow
limits of State sovereignty. It will unlimit all the
limitations of the powers of Congress; will efface
all the lines that define the boundaries between
Federal and State rights; confound all the sepa-
rate and distinct duties of State governments, and
will be a long step towards the overthrow of this
truly Federal and the establishment of a really
National Government. If Congress may provide
for and direct the education of the people of the
State, why not supply all their physical as well
as moral wants, anu endow, support, and main-
tain asylums for the insane, the blind, the deaf
and dumb, the sick a'nd disabled, the widow and
orphan, the poor and the destitute ? Wo one can
give a reason for any discrimination ? If it may
direct the States in what, and for what, the people
are to be educated, why not direct them in what
may, and for what objects they are to be, taxed?
Indeed, why not, in the language of General Jack-
son , in his veto of the land distribution in Decem-
ber, 1834, " go but one step further, and put the
salaries of all the State Governors, judges, and
other officers, with sufficient sums for other ex-
penses, in the general appropriation bill?" Edu-
cation is as much a matter of local interest, of in-
ternal or domestic police, as the salaries of State
officers; and we may as well provide for the pay-
ment of the civil list as for the education of the
people of the several States. If you can find any
express grant of power, or if you can imply the
power as necessary to carry out any express
grant for the one purpose, you can for the other.
If you can do either, there is no power or duty
of the States, which ambition or avarice may
covet, or caprice suggest, that the Federal Gov-
ernment may not absorb.
But we are told that this bill can only be
carried into effect by the consent of the States, as
if this obviated all difficulty and objection to the
exercise of power. It does not mitigate the in-
iquity of this measure in the slightest degree, that
it is to be done by the complicity of the State
governments. The Constitution points out the
way in which power shall be gotten from the
States; but this bill does riot pursue that way. It
extorts the consent of the States by asoit of moral
duress. It menaces them with loss and injury if
they refuse the donation, and tempts them with
promises of great gain if tbey accept it. You
make them the victims of your bounty, and their
fealty to your authority. You tempt them to their
own self-abasement and self-destruction, just as
the Devil tempted the Savior, when he took him
up into the high mountain and showed him all
the kingdoms "of the world, and said; " All these
will I give thee if thou wilt fall down and wor-
ship me." You tender your patronage to the
States if they will become your clients. You
promise your guardianship if they will become
your wards. You offer them great estates if they
will become your tenants at will. You promise
them rich dowries in exchange for their liberties.
You say to your creators, " become ourcreatures,
do us reverence, and obey our behests, and we
will supply your wants."
If State pride, love of independerfce, and sov-
ereignty, do not revolt at this humiliating propo-
sition, State honorshould. The Constitution for-
bids this measure, and thatinstrument all Federal
and State officers are sworn to support, and all
good citizens will support, whether sworn or un-
sworn.
This Federal Government is not of Divine ori-
gin, nor so old that the memory of man runneth
not to the contrary thereof. We know how it
was made, when it was made, for what it was
made, and by whom it was made. We know
that it is but the creature of the States; that it
owes its being and its birth to them, and is de-
pendent upon them for its organization and oper-
ation. It is their agent, or trustee, confided with
specific powers for certain great objects. Like
all other trustees, it has no original, absolute, or
unconditional powers. All its powers are limited,
and derived from the several separate and sov-
ereign States, to whom it is still subordinate.
This Senate, the House of Representatives, and
the President, are created by the volition of the
States, who made and can unmake them at their
pleasure. All are subject to the supervision and
control of the States. On the other hand, the
States are in no wise dependent upon the Federal
Government for their organization, operation,
support, or maintenance. I do not stand here
the representative 6f a subjugated province, or a
dependent colony, an humble suppliant for favor;
but as an embassador from a sovereign State, no
more subject to the supervision and control of
the Federal Government, except in the few in-
stances provided in the Constitution, than any-
foreign and independent State.
But this bill treats the States as agents instead
of principals, as the creatures, instead of the cre-
ators of the Federal Government; pioposes to give
to them their own property, and to direct them
how to use it; and menaces them with its for-
feiture, and the reclamation of it by us, if they do
not faithfully comply wilh our instructions and
obey our orders 1 It thus transposes the relations
of the Federal and State governments.
The Federal and State Governments are not
more unlike in their origin and mutual relations,
than in the nature and extent of their powers.
The powers of the Federal Government are few
and defined; those of the States are numerous and
indefinite. Its powers aie fully enumerated; those
of the States are unenumerated. Its powers are
measured and limited, not only by prohibitions
and reservations of ungranted rights, but by speci-
fications of the powers granted; those of the States
are unmeasured and unlimited, except by prohi-
bitions. The States may do whatever is not for-
bidden by the Constitution; the Federal Govern-
ment can do nothing that is not authorized by its
charter, or letter of attorney, the Federal Consti-
tution. Its powers embrace only what is common
to all the States, and mainly what is external to
them, and cannot be attained by them separately;
their powers embrace whatever is peculiar, local,
internal, or domestic Its powers are not repre-
sented in the State Legislatures, and theirs are
not represented in Congress. They were intended
to move in different orbits, to attain different ends,
and to exert different means. Neither was in-
tended to include, but each to exclude, the other
from its sphere of operations, except in the few
| instances of concurrent powers specially enumer-
| ated in the Constitution. They may tax the same
I property, may suppress the same insurrection,
j may repel the same invasion, and may try the
] same suits, under certain stated circumstances;
but where else can they act alike by warrant of
i the Constitution ?
j These views of the mutual relations, the rights
! and duties of the Federal and State governments,
| are fully sustained by their history and by their
! constitutions. No one, on comparing the Federal
1 and State Constitutions, can fail to observe that
while to the Federal Government is intrusted
those common and external objects, such as war,
peace, finance, negotiation, and commerce, to the
State governments are reserved the care of what-
ever is local or domestic, agriculture, education,
trades, manufactures, poverty,crime, the domes-
tic relations, corporations, roads, bridges, ferries,
and rights of property. Some of those domestic
affairs were expressly refused to be given to Con-
gress, when asked m the Federal convention. All
of them are reserved under general clauses; but
those now proposed to be exercised were, I repeat,
expressly refused to be gianted. I find in El-
liot's Debates, that in the constitutional conven-
