1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
231
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Kunkel.
Ho. or Reps.
own hands. If, at any time, you shall need the
help of this side the House, you can have it for
the asking.
But, Mr. Ghairman, propositions of retrench-
ment to be made hereafter do not meet the ex-
igencies of the case. We are appropriating for
the next fiscal year; and any retrenchment, to be
of service, must be impressed upon the figures
of the present tables. The first stef> in that airec-
tion is yet to be taken. The Administration de-
mands $74,000,000, and this,House has given
$70,000,000. Who does not know that what has
been taken off here will be put on again in the Sen-
ate, with additions, and that the bills lose nothing
in their passage between the two Houses, or in
conference committees? Has not that been our
uniform experience r It is in vain, however, that
these facts and figures are thrust into the face of
gentlemen. When it is proposed to revise the
tariff for more revenue and such incidental pro-
tection as is consistent with that end, we are de-
nounced as " beggars and robbers." All duties
upon imports, it is said, are taxes and burdens—
bounties paid to the few producers from the pock-
ets of the many consumers. We are kindly warned
that even such meager protection as is now af-
forded, is shortly to come to an end. That day
is as distant, in my judgment, as the time this
Govern mentcan be administered without money,
or the people will consenttodirecttaxation. Why,
no one at this day, in this country, asks for a mo-
nopoly for domestic productions, or prohibition of
foreign impoitations, nor for a tariff for protection,
except that incidental protection which aiises
by discrimination upon a revenue measure.
It is conceded on all hands that the first great
object m the levying of duties should be to pro-
vide revenue for the wants of the Government.
The preamble of the first law on the subject, en-
acted in 1789, declares the just objects of all tar-
iffs, and m their proper order, "supporting the
Government, discharging the debts of the United
States, and encouraging and protecting manufac-
tures." There never was a tariff bill enacted by
Congress, which yielded the required revenue,
which was not a revenue measure. A revenue
tariff, in the free-trade sense of the term, would
yield no revenue at all. Every competent reve-
nue tariff must also be protective. It becomes a
revenue measure simply because it is protective.
The ability of the people to purchase imports,
arising from the protection afforded to their indus-
try, creates revenues to the Government. The
productiveness of a revenue system does not de-
pend upon a low rate of duties, or any arbitrary
arrangement m given schedules, but on the means
of the country to import and pay for whatever
they may want from abroad. Thus, on the
lower rates of the act of 1857, we imported only
$202,293,878 last year, against $294,160,838, un-
der the higher rates of the act of 1846, the pre-
vious year. What avails the importation, if there
be no sales; or what cheapness, if no means of
payment? The best protective tariffs this country
Las ever had were its best revenue measures,
simply because the fair remuneration of labor en-
larged the power of consumption.
Our experience abundantly attests that it is not
a reduction of duties that secures importations,
but the consuming capacity of the people which
constitutes the difference in this regard between
one tariff and another, or between the operation
of the same tariff at different periods. Hence,
nothing is more certain than that a tariff adequate
to $GO,0OO,GOO of revenue must be also a reason-
ably protective tariff. No purely revenue meas-
ure which does not also foster the industry of the
people will ever yield enough for the mostaeco-
nomical Administration. Our expenses are never
likely to be reduced to a point where they could
be met by revenues realized on the Secretary's
principle, of taxing, in preference to others, those
articles which we do not produce, or produce in
the least proportion, without casting the weight
of the bui ilea upon the necessaries of life.# The 1
free-trade genius of the country could not devise '
such a measure. Protection and revenue go to-
gether, and lean upon each other; and Govern-
ment, as long as il obtains its support by duties |
levied upon imports, must reach its levenues j
through the protection it accords. j
It seems clcar to me, therefore, that the needs !
of the Government hare become the security of
our industrial interests, and that they will at last
find stable protection in the necessities of its ad-
ministration. Now, if it be correct, that, in order
to raise the necessary revenue, Government is
compelled to yield incidental protection, the.re is
an end of the controversy until it be proposed to
provide the means in some other way. I am fully
aware that the conclusion arrived at, and the rea-
soning leading to it, will be denied and repudiated
until, at least, it shall be further confirmed by the
experience of the Treasury. I shall wait with
confidence the issues of that day, when the Gov-
ernment shall need the home producer as much
as he may need the Government.
But, it may be said that the necessity of pro-
tection does not establish its justice. That is
granted, with this limitation, however, that if no
substitute less liable to objection can be devised,
it becomes, like government itself^a necessary
evil. I frankly confess, Mr. Chairman, that if I
considered duties upon imports as bounties paid
by the thousand consumers to the single producer,
and that the duty did not in the end reduce the
Frice, I would not be the advocate of protection.
hold the object as well as the result of all pro-
tection to be to stimulate production, and thereby
diminish price; and whenever, and in respect of
whatever product, upon fair trial, it fails of that
end, it should be withdrawn. It is no purpose of
this Government to put bounties into the pockets
of the comparatively few producers; and that is
not within the design of a just system of protec-
tion. Government is instituted and sustained to
serve the general welfare, and the masses must
always, be the objects of its regard. The pur-
poses of protection are development and produc-
tion. To compass these results, it must operate
mainly upon articles for the manufacture of which
nature has conferred upon us special advantages,
either in the abundance of the raw material, or
the aptitude of the labor; and their development
and production will inevitably, in the long run,
diminish price. That is the experience of the
world—of all time and all places. There are a
thousand articles which would serve as illustra-
tions of this position, but I cannot stop to con-
sider them in deffe.il.
It was competition at home, arising from pro-
tection, that brought down the price of coarse
cotton from thirty-six cents a yard to one sixth
of that sum, and enabled our manufacturer to sell
them in Calcutta, China, and South America,in the
face of the Manchester goods. So with cut nails,
every variety' of cutlery, and a thousand other
articles. The challenge was thrown out by my
colleague [Mr. Montgomery] to the gentleman
from Virginia, [Mr. Mii.lson,] to name a single
article which had not been reduced in price under
the operation of protective duties; to which he
replied "not by protection, but by machinery,
labor-saving machines, and increased skill." But
let me ask whence come these? It was protec-
tion which led to development and production;
these to rivalry and competition, which were the
stimulants to the inventive brain and skillful
hand to increase production and cheapen price.
Monopoly would keep on in the beaten track for-
ever. It is the strong necessity of competition
which sharpens the intellect. While itis true, that
demand and supply are the law of price, and mo-
nopoly is oppression, it will also hold, that in-
creased production and competition, resulting
from the encouragement of industry, will di-
minish cost.
But we are referred to our iron interest, and Mr.
Toombs says, in the Senate, " you have had forty
years to make this iron, and we will not tax our-
selves longer for your support." But what sort
of protection has the iron interest had, during
theee forty years? Sixteen regular tariff laws
have been enacted since the foundation of the
Government, under which the duties upon iron
have been changed, alternating frequently between
high and ruinously low points. The country was
new, and had to be opened up, roads and canals
built, to bring materials to the forge, or furnace,
or null, and carry the products away; the open-
ing regions of the West were constantly inviting
capital from the business, or preventing its going
there; but, above ail these drawbacks, it was con-
stantly sustaining the competition of the associ-
ated capital and cheap labor of Great Britain, with
such want of steady and reliable protection as
made capital shrink from its fluctuations. Arid'
yet, notwithstanding these great disadvantages,
it has grown to be a vast interest, and greatly
cheapened the cost of its product. What it most
wants, however, is stable, as well as fair and gen-
erous protection. Give it that for the fourth of
forty years, and you place it above the want of
governmental assistance, and send it abroad the
rival and master of all the markets of the world.
The revival of the tariff of 1842, for ten years,
would make Pennsylvania the greatest iron man-
ufacturing nation upon the globe, as the voicc of
the Almighty, in her iron-mountains, her coal-
basins, and the stalwart frames and resistless en-
ergies of her sons, proclaim she should'be.
Mr. Chairman, with the Secretary of the Treas-
ury and the South, "taxes and burdens" are
synonymous with duties upon imports. That un-
complaining section of the Confederacy groans at
the most distant prospect of a revision of the tariff,
as a fresh imposition of grievances. It is imag-
ined the planting States pay the greatest propor-
tion of the duties without any resulting advant-
ages or exemption in other respects. That is quite
a mistake; for it can be clearly shown, from
reasonably reliable data, that far the larger pro-
portion of the duties upon foreign importations
are paid by the North,and that the planting States
pay less, and are therefore contributing less to
the support of the Government than any other
section. That the North sustains the larger por-
tion of the " burden," may be pretty surely in-
ferred from her larger population, their greater
and more diversified wants, and higher consum-
ing ability. But, to meet this complaint, let me
call attention to a statement which presents tho
subject as fairly as can be done, found in Secre-
tary Guthrie's financial report for the fiscal year
1854-55, at page 100. The Secretary's statement
shows the consumption per*capita of the paying
imports by each State in the Union estimated by,
or based upon, its productions. The statistical
data being those of tne year 1850-—the census and
the Treasury reports of that year being the vouch-
ers for their accuracy. The principle of the Sec-
retary's statement is the assumption that, the ca-
pacity of each State respectively to purchase and
consume foreign imports, is measured byitsabil-.
ity to pay for such imports out of the current pro-
ducts of its own industry; that the consumption
is exactly in such proportion per capita; and it
assumes, further, that the accumulations and ex-
penditures of all sections of the Union are, for the
purposes of this inquiry, alike. The sources of
error in the allotments of the imports, by this
statement, are, therefore, to be looked for in the
differences that exist in the application of the re-
turns or products, as they are made by the people
of the several States. Let us look, therefore, first,
at the facts and figures of these allotments of the
foreign imports among the several States, and
afterwards draw such conclusions as they afford
touching the question of the *' burden " of our
system of import duties upon the respective in-
dustrial interests of the country. Confining our-
selves to the older States, whose industrial policy
may be regarded as about equally well settled, we
find the following results. The planting States
stand thus in the table:
Per cent. Per capita.
Alabama eon>ume?, of foreign imports...12 $4 83
Georgia 16 4 52
Louisiana*   - 4 82
Mississippi   10 4 96
Bouth Carolina   IB 4 19
23 32
Average consumption per capita.  §4 66
Of the total product of these States, agricultu-
ral and manufacturing, the manufactures in 1850
were, respectively: Alabama, twelve per cent.;
Georgia, sixteen per cent.; Mississippi, ten per
cent.; South Carolina, eighteen per cent. All
under twenty per cent, of total product, consist-
ing of manufactures.
* Lonwana shows fifty-five per cent.; but this exaggera-
tion is due to the fact that liersjiicar H all seated as manu-
factured Louij-iaman manufactured proper do not exceed
those of Alabama.
