1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion, May 29, 1787, Mr. Charles Pinckney sub-
mitted a craft of a constitution, in which it "was
proposed to give power to Congress—
" To establish and provide for a national university at the
seat of Government of the United States." Referred to Com-
mittee to consider the state of the Union Elliot's Debates,
volume 5, pages 130-1%.
On the 18th of August, 1787, Mr. Madison sub-
mitted the " following powers as proper to be
added to those of the General Legislature:"
" To establish a university."
" To encourage, by premiums and provisions, the ad-
vancement of useful knowledge and discoveries." Referred
to the committee ef detail.—See Elliot's Debates, volume
5, page 440.
On the same day, Mr. Pinckney moved the
following powers:
" To establish seminaries? for the promotion of literature
and the arts and sciences."
" To establish public institutions, rewards, and immuni-
ties, for the promotion of agriculture, commerce, trades,
and manufactures;'5 which were referred to the commit-
tee of detail.—See Elliot's Debates, volume 5, page 440.
September 14, 1787, Mr. Madison and Mr.
Pinckney moved to insert, in the list of powers
invested in Congress, a power:
" To establish a university in which no preferences or
distinctions should be allowed on account of religion." Lost.
—See Elliot's Debates, volume 5, page 544.
Thus it was four times proposed to give to
Congress the patronage of education, of art, and
of science, by enabling it to establish a univer-
sity or public institutions or seminaries of learn-
ing, or to make provision for them, to grant them
rewards, or premiums, or immunities; but when-
ever and in whatever form proposed it was re-
fused. Education, agriculture, trades, and manu-
factures, were left to the supervision, support,
and promotion of the State governments as do-
mestic affairs.
Now, sir, the refusal to grant the power as
forcibly forbids its exercise as if positively pro-
hibited. Certainly, if a private agent should do
what he had askea of his principal and had been
refused permission to do, he would palpably vio-
late his trust. The parties to the Federal com-
pact, the States, through their delegates, refused,
when asked to grant to Congress power to pat-
ronize education, art, or science, by establishing
public institutions, universities, or seminaries of
learning, or by making for them any provision,
or granting to them any reward, premium, or im-
munity; and yet you propose to do these forbid-
den things. You propose to endow, maintain,
and support agricultural colleges in the States, by
providing means for them to purchase sites for
experimental farms, to pay instructors, to educate
the young, and by giving them immunity from
postal taxes.
I show that the power you offer to exert by
this bill was refused to Congress by the States in
convention. Where do you find it granted? You
cannot find it in express terms, and cannot infer
it as necessary to carry out any power granted.
There is not in the Constitution a single clause
or sentence or word that bears the remotest anal-
ogy to the subject-matter of this bill, excepting the
eighth section of the first article of the Constitu-
tion, which gives to Congress power " to promote
the progress of science and useful arts, by securing
for limited times to authors and inventors the ex-
clusive right to their respective writings and dis-
coveries." This, far from authorizing Congress
to endow, support, and maintain colleges, is tanta-
mount to the denial of such power; for it expresses
a different way by which to patronize art and
science. Congress may do so; not by rewards,
provisions, premiums, endowments, or immuni-
ties, but simply by securing to authors and invent-
ors the right to use and enjoy their oivn property.
The remarks of Mr. Madison, in commenting on
this clause of the Constitution, show that it is in i
admirable harmony with the whole theory and j
spirit of that instrument. He says, substantially, j
that this power was granted to Congress for these !
reasons: because the right of inventors to their j
inventions and authors to their works was recog- !
mzed at common law; and the States cannot sep- j
arately secure this right so well as the Federal
Government. )
When we take into consideration the repeated j
attempts to give to Congress greater power to pro- j
mote science and art, this clause clearly forbids j
the use of any other power than is herein con- j
ferred. It is a principle of construction univer- I
sally admitted that expressum facit cessare taciturn;
or  in other words, the expression of a matter for-
bids the intendment of that which might otherwise
have been inferred. Tlie representatives of the
States in the Federal Convention declared to what
extent Congress might patronize art and science,
in the clause of the Constitution which I fcave
read, and thereby forbid any intendment of other
or greater patronage than is herein allowed.
Mr. President, I might stop here an$ challenge
the advocates of this bill to answer the argument
already made, or rather to show how they can re-
sist the facts stated, and where obtain the power to
pass this bill. But I will quote the authorities of
two of the framers of the Federal Constitution in
support of the views presented, of the relative
rights and duties of the State and Federal Gov-
ernments, and of their mutual relations. Mr.
Madison, in his commentary upon the Constitu-
tion in the Federalist, says that:
" The proposed Government cannot be deemed a national
one, since its jurisdiction extends to certain enumerated ob-
jects only, and leaves to the several States a residuary and
inviolable sovereignty over all other objects."
" The State governments may be regaided as essential
constituent parts of the Federal Government; whilst the
latter is no wise essential to the operation or organization
of the former."
" We have seen that in the new Government, as in the
old, the States, in all unenumerated cases, are left in the
enjoyment of their sovereign and independent jurisdiction."
i( Its jurisdiction is limitPd to certain enumerated objects,
which concern all the members of the Republic, but are not
to be obtained by the separate pjovisions of any. The Fed-
eral and State governments are, in fact, but different agents
and trustees of the people, intrusted with different powers,
and designed for different purposes." * * *
"The powers delegated by the proposed Constitution are
few and definite. Those which are to remain in the State
governments are numerous and indefinite. The former will
be exercised pimcipally on external objects, as war, peace,
negotiation, and foreign commeice, with which last the
power of taxation will for the most part be connected. The
powers resei ved to the several States will extend to all the
objects which, in the ordinary course of affairs, concern the
lives, liberties, and properties of the people, and the internal
order, improvement, and prosperity of the States."
General Hamilton says:
" The principal purposes to be answered by the Union are
these ■ the common defense of the members; the preserva-*
tion of the public peace, as well against internal convulsions
as external attacks; the regulation of commerce with other
nations, and between the States ; the superintendence of our
intercourse—political and commercial—•with foreign coun-
tries. **********
"The regulation of the mere domestic police of a f&ate
appears to me to hold out "lender allurements to ambition.
Commerce, finance, negotiation, war, sarin to comprehend
all the objects which haveclimms for minds governed by that
passion; and all the powers necessary to those objects ought,
in the fust instance, to be lodged in the national depositoiy.
The regulation of puvate justice between citizens of c
States; the supei Vifeion of agriculture, and of other conccrns
of a similar nature ; all thoie thing*, in short, proper to he pro-
vided. fori*!) local legislation, can never he desirable cases of
a general jurisdiction. It is, therefore, improbable that there
&houid exist a disposition m the Federal councils to usurp
the pouters with which they are connected."
Now, sir, to test the constitutionality of this
measure by questions suggested in the quotations
I have read, I ask, in their own language, by
slight transposition of words, is there any express
grant for the power proposed to be exercised of
endowing, supporting, and maintaining agricul-
tural colleges within the States? Is it necessary
to do so, in order to carry out any express grant?
Is the care of agriculture and education among
those concurrent Federal and State powers pro-
vided in the Constitution ? Is their promotion
among the certain enumerated objects for which j
the Federal Government was formed? Is it not i
to be attained by the separate provisions of any i
of the States? Is it not proper to be provided for !
by the State Legislatures ? Are agriculture and j
education among those external objects, such as I
war, peace, negotiation, and cSmmerce, common |
to all the States, and therefore subject to Federal j
power? Are they not among those domestic and i
personal interests of the people, to be regulated '
and provided for by the superintending care of
the State governments? Upon the answers to <
these question depends the constitutionality of j
this measure. If it can be successfully main-
tained that education, agriculture, and other arts, I
are not matters of domestic and local concern, but j
relate to the common and external affairs of the '
States, which cannot be well managed by them 1
separately, and are not proper to be provided for !
by State legislation, then we may pass this bill, j
but not otherwise, in accoidance with the Con- j
stitution. I
But, sir, we are told, notwithstanding no ex-
press grant of this power may be found in'iije
Constitution, and notwithstanding if is riot neces-
sary to carry out any express potoer., yet,*t{iat
Congress may pass the bill by virtue of (hat clause
in the Constitution which gives it power " to dis-
pose of and make all needfuj rule,s and regolatiorts
respecting the territory or other property belotig-
ing to the United States." This,it is sajd,gives
absolute and plenary power over" public lands;
and Congress may do with them whatever is not
forbidden by the Constitution. If this be true,
the framers of that instrument either deceived
themselves or their constituents; they did not
know what kind of Government they were fram-
ing, or they declared they formed a limited Gov-
ernment, but really formed, and intended to form,
an absolute Government. They practiced the ver-
bal legerdemain of enumerating the great objects
and defining the few and simple powers of a Fed-
eral Government; but, under an ambiguous phrase
provided it with means to enlarge its power? At
discretion. They labored to tie it down and
hedge it round by declaring what it should $n!d
should not do; yet, cunningly and stealthily en-
abled it to Toose all its bonds, overleap ait its
bounds, and run riot in usurpation of State rights
and State duties. Sir, I will not impeach the in-
tegrity or wisdom of the framers of the Consti-
tution, and invoke contempt where reverence is
due, by yielding the least credence to such an
imputation. They were not guilty of the fojly
or the baseness of enabling Congress to appro-
priate the public lands, any more than the public
money, at discretion and at the same time of
defining its powers and duties. They did not
empower it to apply the public lands or money to
any other than the great objects for which the
Government was formed. They did not mean to
authorize it to assume the rights and duties of
the local Legislatures in disposing of the public
lands. Congress has no greater power over the
public lands than over other property of the Uni-
ted States. By the same sentence of the same
section and article of the Constitution, the same
power is given " to dispose of the territory or
other property of the United States." Other prop-
erty means something different from territory or
land, and embraces everything that may be held,
used, or enjoyed, besides land. Hence, if Con-
gress can give land, it may give money, public
buildings, or vessels, navy-yards, dock-yards,
arsenals—any property of the United States. And
why not give money as well as land ? The land
was bought with money, and will sell for money.
If we give either, we impair the revenue of the
Government, and increase its demands upon the
people in the way of taxation. There is no dif-
ference in principle or effect between giving money
and giving land.
But we are told that the term "dispose of"
imports to give as well as to sell. Grant it; and
does it follow that it always implies both to give
and to sell. Such is not the generic import of the
word "dispose," or its common usage, or its ordi-
nary acceptation. The original or primary sense
of this word "dispose," was not to give or sell, but
to put or place apart or away. Its various and
opposite senses of to give and to sell are the result
of conventional usage. It is never used in both
senses at the same time, and cannot imply both at
once. It generally means to sell, and rarely to give.
If you go into a store and ask a merchant for an
article, and he reply that he has disposed of his
whole lot, you do not understand he has given it
away. If you meet a man in the street arid pro
pose to purchase his horse or his plow or his land,
and he says he has disposed of it, you do not un-
derstand that he has given it away. If a father
say that he has disposed of his son", you do not
understand that he has given him away. Men
do not often give what they can sell, and when
they do give, they use no doubtful word in report-
ing their charity or generosity. The sense of this
word is certainly to be derived from the circum-
stances under which, and the context in which,
it is used. If the Senator from Vermont, who
contended that this word implied to give, as well
as to sell, should write to his factor to dispose of
his crop of hay or tobacco, and he were to give it
away, I dare say he would write him down either
a fool or a knave; and I doubt not that if sitting
as a judge in Vermont, as he has done, in any
case of an action brought against such agent or
