1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
233
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Kunkel.
Ho. of Reps.
be far more profitable to buy or raise the raw material, and
convert it ouiselves into irianufaetured goods, than to send
both material and piovisions to an Eastern water-power or
an English coal field. The same principle would apply to
every State m the Union. In illustration of the working of
the opposite policy* take anv six of our Northwestern States,
winch have expended neaily as much capital in rattroads
within the last (ilteen ye&r& as Great Britain has invested in
machinery foi the manufacture of cotton goods, and com-
pare the relative icsults. See what her labor and her ma-
chinery have enabled her to accomplish with the raw ma-
terial which wc have supplied her looms with J Her Vast
commercial revenues have enabled bei to carry on her con-
quests. to extend her empire, besides adding millions to her
internal wealth. Well may s?lie exclaim,' Cutton is King.'
" Why should wc forever linger in the rear of such enter-
prise ! We should discard the erroneous but too prevalent
opinion that selling the raw material abroad, m any form,
will accrue to the substantial advancement of one soction
of our country over another. Our common interests can-
not be divided. The farmer, whose lands produce corn and
wheat, whose flocks supply the wool market; the planter,
whose fields whiten with the cotton harvest; the merchant
and the mechanic, and the daily laborer, are all alike inter-
ested in the home mariufactuie of cotton and wool, to say
nothing of othei branches of uidustiy. From mutual pros-
perity we reap mutual benefit. The burden of insurance,
storage, freightage on grain, cotton, or wool, on their way to
market, does not fall exclusively upon the several pioducers
of each. The burdens, as well as the profits, are shared by
all in the end; arid each is, therefoie, interested m the pros-
pentv of the other; and all aie interested in the home man-
uJactuie of the law material which our country produces,
not alone for home consumption, but for sale abroad. It
will be an auspicious day for the West, and especially for
Indiana, when we bhall send the results ot our labor abroad,
in a more condensed form than at present, and apply our
immense wealth of coal, and other mineral resources, to the
purposes of home manufacture and home consumption in
othei ways."
Let me tell the gentleman from Virginia that
the day is not remote when the industrial inter-
ests of this country shall find a most potent aux-
iliary in the great western producing States. Why
is it that our great West, with its untold wealth
of soil and production, is yet comparatively poor ?
Among other mere immediate causes, one great
reason, undoubtedly, is the remoteness of the mar-
kets for its agricultural products. And, although
the railways which their enterprise has built puts
them in easy and cheap communication with the
sea-board, yet they are often compelled to seek
the uncertain and unreliable markets of Europe
to compete with the pauper labor of the grain-
growing regions of the Baltic and Danube. And,
then, it is always the least profitable of the farmer's
crops which will bear distant voyages in search
of a market. The difference between the value
and profit of a farm in the far West, and one
adjacent to a large city, illustrates the difference
between a market at hand for all possible agricul-
tural products, and a foreign one with an ocean
intervening. At no distant period, when the
numbers of the West shall swell to the popu-
lousness of the older States, and its products
diminish still further in value by increased pro-
duction, the necessity will be upon her of diver-
sifying her industry; and then great manufactur-
ing cities—other Manchesters and Birminghams,
Sheffields and Glasgows—with their swarming
thousands, shall spring up along her great lakes,
and m the country of the Mississippi and its
tributaries to consume her products on the spot
where they grow.
I had intended to say something on the issue
between the President and his Secretary, as to
specific and ad valorem duties, but I am sure I can
add nothing to the argument on the subject al-
ready made by the President, and upon this floor.
The assessment and collection of revenue by spe-
cific duties or ad valorem^, upon a valuation fixed
in the law, which is, m effect, a specific duty, it
must be conceded, would best secure an honest
and faithful execution of the revenue laws, and
counteract the enormous frauds by which the for-
eign importer now robs the country. Specific
duties would, therefore, be best for the Treasury,
and save the Government from an apparent com-
plicity with the system which degrades and de-
stroys public morality. They are also for the ben-
efit of the manufacturer, by securing to him the
protection which the law intends, through the
substitution for the present sliding-scale—tfhich
increases protection when he least needftit, and
diminishes it when he most requires it—a specific
sum, being the average price of the article for a
series of years.
But, while these advantages are conceded, it is
contended that specific duties would be oppressive
to the consumer, by obliging him, in times of gen-
eral depression, and when he is least able to bear
it, to pay thfr highest rates, if]^3 were true,
whatever its advantages to the Grovernment and
manufacturer, it would be a serioiys objection; for
protection, in the details of assessment and collec-
tion of duties, as well as in its principle, I hold,
works to the advantage of all three. But it is not
true; for, in the fi^t place, the average ad valorem
duty of five years past, taken as the standard of
the specific, may reasonably be inferred to be the
average of five years to come, in the absence of
any extraordinary disturbing cause; and, in the
second place, the specific duties, securing to the
manufacturer, against the frauds of the foreign im-
porter, the reasonable protection Government may
afford him, those revulsions which depress in-
dustry and reduce price, by excessive importa-
tions and foreign indebtedness, would not so fre-
quently occur, if at all. Iron, among some others,
is especially a fit article for specific duties, and
principally because of its fluctuations in price.
The price of rolled bar iron in 1845-46, at Glas-
gow, reached <£14, and in 1849 had fallen to a lit-
tle over £5. In 1845, our importation was 30,000.
tons, and run up to 173,457 in 1849, an excess of
more than 100,000 tons over the highest importa-
tion since 1823. In 1845, pig metal sold, in the
same place for £6, and in 1849 went down to £2.
Our importations in 1845 were nearly 30,000 tons,
while in 1849 they reached 105,632. Thus, under
the ad valorem, in the space of about four years,
the duties upon rolled bar iron fell, in amount,
nearly sixty-six and two thirds per cent., and on
pig metal quite that sum; and the American mar-
ket was flooded with British iron. This dem-
onstrates the injurious operation to both Govern-
ment, and the manufacturer by ad valorems.
If it be sought to ascertain the reason of the
difference in cost between the foreign and a sim-
ilar domestic article, it may be found in the rela-
tive amount and price of capital and the rewards
of labor. Capital and labor underlie the whole
protective system. The cost of capital in this
country is much higher than in England. The
rate of interest there is three per cent.; here, from
eight to ten. On $1,000,000 capital, five per cent,
difference of interest is $50,000 per annum. The
English manufacturer starts with that advantage.
But he has a greater in the abundance of capital.
We are debtor to Europe $300,000,000, and re-
quire large sums annually from her to carry on
our internal improvements. English firms have
carried on the iron business for three or four years
together,at a loss of <£'100,000 per annum, in order
to crush out their American competitors and con-
trol the market.
The foreign manufacturer has also an advant-
age in the price of labor. This labor question is
the great question of a tariff. I propose to speak j
of it, and the interest the laborers of this country ,
have in protection. By laborers, I do not mean ;
only operatives employed in large manufacturing j
establishments; but the vast number of mechan- j
ics, artisans, and persons engaged m the lighter ■
arts of hcindiciaft, builders, machinists, and all j
labor of hand and head which spring from, and ;
depend upon, manufacturing industry. This is ■
a vastly larger numerical force than is ordinarily [
estimated, and may well receive the regards of ;
Government. The value of any commodity is ac-
cording to the labor bestowed upon it. The i
whole difference between the value of a ton of ;
iron or a yard of woolen cloth, and the raw ma- :
tenals m the bowels of the earth, or on the sheep's i
back, is the product of the labor of man. In levy- ;
ing the duties upon foreign manufactures the la- j
bor of the country is protected in the proportion i
that it enters into the value of the similar domes- |
tic article. Ascertain the ratio between capital
and labor in the manufacture, and yo.> have the (
proportion of benefit to each. This will range ;
from the lowest point in the coarsest to the high- 1
est m the finest fabrics. Take a ton of pig metal, 1
sold now say for §20. The cost of us constitu- !
ents, the limestone, coal, and ore may be $2 50, j
leaving §17 50 for labor. The quarrying and j
hauling material, with the labor of the furnace j
hands, constitute seven eighths of the whole. In j
a ton of pig metal worth $20, labor and capital are |
represented as seventeen and a half to two and a ;
half. The total of domestic iron produced from i
ore in this country may be set down at 1,000,000 |
tons annually, which, at $30 per ton average,
gives $30,000,000, seven eighths or$26t250,000 of
which is labor. In 1840, the value of our manu-
factures was returned in the census of that year
at #483,278,215, and in 1850 at #1,055,595,899-
This rate of increase makes our manufactures for
1855, nearly §1,700,000,000, the seven eighths of
which, #1,487,500,000, is labor. Now, if to the
manufacturing labor necessary to produce such
result be added, the mechanical which clothes it,
and the agricultural which feeds it, how great the
sum total ?
Wages in the United States-are thirty percent,
higher than in England; nearly twice and a half
as high as in France and Belgium; four times as
high as in Austria and the interior countries of
Germany; and perhaps five times as high as in
India, Spain, and part of Italy. This compari-
son is upon the foreign rates of skilled mechanical
labor; in the more ordinary kinds, including ag-
ricultural, the disparity is greatly increased, the
foreign not rising above the cost of slave labor in
the South. The rewards of labor in England are
better than elsewhere in Europe; yet what a pic-
ture of misery and wretchedness is presented by
large classes of her working people—huddled to-
gether in cellars and garrets, in defiance of com-
fort, shame, and health; work-houses crowded;
jails resorted to for shelter and maintenance;
" women and children of tender age subjected to
the severest and most constant toils; men har-
nessed upon all fours like beasts in the subter-
ranean passages of the mines; whole classes
stunted in growth, and perishing before the mer-
idian of life is reached; industrious, skillful, and
temperate artisans only able, in prosperous times,
to obtain a scanty subsistence, and plunged into
an abyss of misery by every recurring revulsion
in trade." It is not to be disputed that the extent
and cheapness of land, the vast amount of work
to be done, secures to labor better rewards m this
country for its toil than anyv/here else in the civ-
ilized world. The whole question may be thus
stated: "free trade and low wages, leveling Amer-
ican laborers to the degradation of foreign pau-
pers, or protection and remunerative wages, pre-
serving his manhood and independence."
It is well for Government to reflect upon the
relation of the free laborers of the country to it-
self. They are of the " people" bearing their
quota of the sovereignty, and impressing their
likeness upon its institutions. It is its interest,
therefore, as well as its duty, to sustain and pat-
ronize its industry against the leveling tendency
of unrestricted trade. Not to swell the gains of a
favored class; but for the American laborer—free
and intelligent, honored and honorable, with mus-
cles and sinews of stalwart strength—bowing
his broad back in the fields of husbandry; delving
in the bowels of the earth; toiling along the high-
ways; sweltering amid the fires and roar of the
forge, the furnace, and the mill; with patient hand
upon the loom and spindle, in the whirl of ma-
chinery and the stifling1 breath of the factory; and
with curiously contriving brain ever evolving the
creations which give man dominion over the
forces of nature and multiply his comforts, I in-
voke the protecting care of this Government. Not
for the devotees of mammon, but for the throng-
ing worshippers who bow themselves amid the
sounds of " dulcet symphonies and voices sweet"
m the great temple of industry. Not for capital,
indeed, but for toil; not for money, but for men.
In my judgment, no greater calamity could befall
my country than the extreme conditions of great
accumulations by the few, and the helpless, hope-
less, poverty of the many.
" 111 fares the land, to hastening ills a prey,
Where wealth accumulates and men decay."
Self-reliant and self-poised, my own great com-
monwealth, seldom (would to God she never had
occasion) ventures her requests to the Federal
Government, and then only to remind it of that
faith plighted under which her great industrial
interest sprang into existence, and is passing
through its infancy. It is her destiny to strive
for the mastery in the production of a great na-
tional interest with the greatest Power upon the
globe. To that unequal contest she brings her
boundless mineral treasures; the energy and en-
terprise, the thrift and toil of her sons, andinvok-
ing your generous patronage, promises at no dis-
