1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
853
rectcopy of concurrent resolutions relative to acollege, now
on file in my office.
Witness ray liand and the great seal of State at office in
r , Sacramento, California, the 16tli dav of April, A. D.
I> s-3 1858. FERRIS FORMAN;
Secretary of State.
Mr. GWIN. The bill named in these instruc-
tions is the identical bill which came to us from
the House. It has been amended.and made more
favorable to California than it was in its original
form; for it gives a prospective advantage to that
State. For these reasons I shall vote for the
bill.
Mr. BELL. Mr. President, perhaps I shall not
find any opportunity so appropriate to give an ex-
planation of my course in relation to the subject
of the distribution of the proceeds of the public
lands as the present occasion. I do not propose
to enter into any constitutional argument in reply
to the honorable Senator from Alabama, or any
other gentleman who has spoken on this subject.
I have been a very earnest advocate heretofore, on
proper occasions, of the policy of the distribution
of the proceeds of the public lands, as a matter of
justice and equity to all the States of the Union;
but I have never pressed that subject upon the at-
tention of Congress when the condition of the
Treasury was not such as justified it, or when
the Government was reduced to the necessity of
resorting either to Treasury notes or to annual
loans of money. In the period of the Mexican
war, when the debt of the country was largely in-
creased, I forbore to press the distribution of the
proceeds of the public lands. When this country
was prosperous a few years ago, when the pay-
ment of the debt was m rapid progress, and there
■was no reason to doubt that the Treasury could
bear the subtraction of the net proceeds of the
public lands, I again urged it; and I would, at the
commencement of the last session, or at some pe-
riod during the session, have introduced the bill
which I had introduced a year previously; and I
would have felt it my duty to introduce a similar
bill at the present session, but for the condition
of the Treasury of the United States.
But, sir, in the support 1 have given to this bill,
I have not supposed that it was in conflict with
the general reason and principle upon which I
have forborne to piess any measure for the dis-
tribution of the proceeds of the land. What is
it, sir? A mere pittance, six millions out of a
thousand million acres, estimated by the Secre-
tary of the Interior to belong to the public domain.
How mufth of that is cultivable land, he does not
state; but here is a grant of six millions out of
one hundred and thirty-odd million acres, that
have been surveyed, and are either offered for sale
in the market or subject to private entry. I be-
lieve there are over eighty million acres now sub-
ject to private entry. This is simply a pittance
of six million acres, for a generous, noble object.
In view of the smallness of the amount, I think
it no inconsistency with my general course on
this subject, to give this bill a hearty support at
the present time.
I have listened to the argument of the honor-
able Senator from Alabama with a good deal of
attention. I believe I have heard him on this
subject before. I shall not undertake to answer
him. I do not regard this measure as either a
violation of the Constitution, or a gross iniquity
in any sense. I do not mean to go into the his-
tory of similar appropriations, or even to enumer-
ate them; but I will state that some one hundred^
million acres have been given for purposes of
internal improvement, or improvement of some
description, and education, in the several States.
A hundred million acres of public lands have
been given for objects not defined in the Con-
stitution specifically, and under powers that must
have been liberally construed to advance the ob-
ject for which any powers in the Constitution
were given. This has been done under the gen-
eral power "to dispose of" the public lands,
without any limitation on that power by the Con-
stitution. The imperative obligation of the com-
pact under which certain portions of tenitory
were ceded to the United States before the foima-
tion of the Constitution, has long since passed.
If any gentleman will look into the history of the
ideas prevalent at that time, he will find that they
considered the public property, the common do-
main, to be that which was won by the common
blood and treasure of the country; and the view
was that it ought to be held for the common ben-
efit of the States. The expenditure of the Revo-
lution has long since been paid.
Let us look at what has been done recently. I
do not know whether the honorable Senator has
accorded his support to the measures of which I
am about to speak; but within a few years past,
since the year 1854 or 1855, some fifteen, perhaps
twenty, million acres of the public domain, the
very best portions of it, have been given for
railroad purposes to individual States, under the
pretense (for it was no more) of improving the
value of the public lands in market, and exercis-
ing the rights of every proprietor of a large do-
main or a small one. It was said that an owner
had the right to dispose of his domain, and might
very well give away a part to secure a . improve-
ment, and thereby get a higher price for the re-
mainder of it. I say that was a pretense. I af-
firm that it has been so, substantially and in fact,
and nothing else, in order to get around the scru-
ples of gentlemen in favor of that policy, because
it advanced their own sectional and local interests
in the Northwest or the Southwest, or elsewhere.
I do not say that they were willfully violating or
getting around the Constitution. They may not
have made up their own mindsstrictly that it was
constitutional, but their judgments were warped
by it; and there is no man who has given his sup-
port to any of those large appropriations for in-
ternal improvements in the States, for railroads
especially, in the Northwest and Southwest, that
can say to himself, " this was given really, bona
fide, for improving the public estate, and with no
other motive." I do not know the whole amount,
but I presume twenty million acres have been
granted in that way.
Now, to show how flimsy a pretext that is,
look at the State of Minnesota. You granted at
least three, and I believe four, if not five million
acres to that new State, on the pretext that it
was to facilitate the sale of the public lands lying
in the State. Why, sir, the demand was such,
that repeated applications were made to buy more
lands there. The policy was pursued of extin-
guishing more and more of the Indian title. There
was a greater amount of population than could
be gratified, or get settlements, on lands'that they
considered choice lands. You wanted additional
Indian lands; you wanted an extension into the
wilderness; and yet you appropriated lands to
construct railroads to the furthest boundary of
that new State, even when it was a Territory.
There were some three million acres granted to
the State of Illinois. One line of that road, it is
true, opened up a market; caused a great portion
of the lands which had been lying unsold for a
number of years to be opened; but you included,
in the specifications agreed upon in advance, cer-
I tain other portions of railroad, branches going
I from one point to another, which could have had
i no such object in view, where the land had al-
j ways been in demand—rich land, always able to
command the minimum price at which the Gov-
! eminent sold it. Various States have received
j large amounts for internal improvements, for ca-
ll nals as well as railroads—Ohio, Indiana, and
j other States. The State which you, sir, have the
1 honor to represent, received at one period, I re-
i member, five hundred thousand acres to improve
I the Muscle Shoals. I do not know how it was
!l appropriated; it has been so long since it was
l! done that I have really forgotten it.
i! Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will pardon me, I
will state to him that it was all wasted, and has
proved utterly valueless to the State; that the
Muscle Shoals canal is now abandoned; and that
the means of navigation are even worse than they
were before the appropriation of this land fund.
The grant, however, was four hundred thousand
acres, not five hundred thousand. While I am
up.lwill ask the Senator whether he did notvote
for the various grants to railroads and other pur-
poses, of which he has spoken?
Mr. BELL. I did; but did not the honorable
Senator vote for them ?
Mr. CLAY. I did, sir; and I explained the
grounds of my vote, and will repeat them now,
if the Senator chooses to hear them.
Mr. BELL. At the time I voted for the Illinois
grant, or at all events when the grant was asked
for the State of Iowa, proposed by my friend on
the right, [Mr. Jones,] and his colleague, I
stated that I did it because I thought that, by so
generous a course of policy to the new States, we
could mitigate the rigor with which they regarded
all the public domain in their States; and which
had induced them to refuse' to let an aci*e of it, so
far as depended on them, go for thle benefit of any
of the old States of the Union. I am prepared to
stop it now; and I am sorry that I have gone
into it. When the grant was made to the State
of Illinois, I considered it unjust; and I {bought
the States in the neighborhood had a right to com-
plain, if they were not conceded an equal privi-
lege. I ask my friend from Iowa whether the
grants of land were of any importance to that
State, in facilitating the sales of the public lands ?
Mr. JONES. I answer without any hesitation
that they did facilitate the sales of the public
lands.
Mr. BELL. To what extent?
Mr. JONES. Why, sir, in the first place, the
Government raised the price of the reserved sec-
tions to $2 50 an acre, so that, in that view, they
lost nothing at all by the grant; but the construc-
tion of the railroads enhances the value of the
public lands on each side of the road to more than
double their former price, and causes emigration
to come to the vicinity of the lines of the roads,
because the roads are to be constructed. My friend
from Tennessee must recollect that when he voted
for the Illinois road, as he calls it, he voted for
the State of Tennessee at the same time, because
the bill was for the construction of a road from
Chicago, through the States of Illinois, Kentucky,
Tennessee, and Alabama, to Mobile. He was
feathering his own nest then.
Mr. BELL. That is a very fair argument; but
I want the Senator from Iowa to say whether it
was necessary, in order to sell every acre of land
at the minimum price at which the Government
sold it, to construct a single railroad in Iowa ?
whether the richness of the soil and its fine cli-
mate, and the facilities of market which it en-
joyed, and had a prospect of enjoying, would not
have caused every cultivable or tillable acre of
land in Iowa to be sold for $1 25 an acre?
Mr. JONES. I have no hesitation in saying
that the land would ultimately have sold for $1 25
an acre; but I have no idea that the people of
Iowa, or any other State, ought to be required to
build railroads through Uncle Sam's domain,
thereby enhancing the value of his lands.
Mr. BELL. My friend is going too far. What
I meant to aflirm was that it was a pretense.
Mr. JONES. It is no pretense.
Mr. BELL. I do not mean to make a personal
charge; but I say the idea on which these grants
were made was, m point of fact, a mere pretense;
because the lands would all have been sold, in pro-
cess of time, without any such grants. But one
thing may be urged with truth, and perhaps with
some strength, against me by those who have
been desirous of having the benefit of a full Treas-
ury always—that it facilitated and quickened the
sales of tlie public lands; but the fact is that these
grains were made at a period when the Treasury
was overflowing; when there was not this econom-
ical spasm which has lately come upon some gen-
tlemen of the Senate, and which pervades the coun-
try generally—a spasm which reaches to small
things and never touches large ones. When the
grants were made there was no necessity, on ac-
count of the condition of the Treasury, to facili-
tate or quicken the sales of the public lands; for
we had more money than we wanted.
Mr. JONES. My friend from Tennessee will
allow me 
Mr. BELL. I must beg to go on.
Mr. JONES. You called me out, and I want
to answer your question as fully as I can. In the
State of Illinois there were lands through which the
railroad that he has alluded to was pressed to be
built, and is now built, which had been in market
! forty years and had not been sold, as fine land as
' the sun shone upon. .
Mr. BELL. I stated that myself; but it would
have been sold. ,
Mr. JONES. The construction of railroads
does enhance the value of the public lands and
quicken their sale, as was shown in the case of
the Illinois road.
Mr. BELL. But I will cross-question my
friend a little now.
Mr. JONES. Do.
Mr. BELL. Were there not transverse roads
constructed by private capital, through the same
region, which, in afew years, would have brought
