234
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Vallandigham.
Ho. of Reps.
tant day to wrench from the hand of the " mis-
tress of the seas," and lay atrophy at your feet,
the iron scepter of the world.
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. C. L. VALLANDIGHAM,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1359. (
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM said:
Mr. Chairman: I would very much prefer to
speak upon the tariff, when a bill relating to that
subject shall be under consideration; but it is evi-
dent that at this late day either no such measure
will be brought in, or if brought in, then under
such circumstances as will of necessity preclude
debate. I feel obliged, therefore, to speak to-
night, and in Committee of the Whole.
Five parties, Mr. Chairman, are interested in
all that pertains to a tariff: the Government, the
consumer, the shipper, including of course the
importer, the producer of raw material, and the
manufacturer. The immediate interest of these
several classes, except shipper and consumer,
is diverse. It is the immediate interest of the
Government—and I begin with it because it is
for its sake alono that the power to create tariffs
is conferred—that the duties laid shall yield the
largest amount of revenue; of the consumer and
shipper, that there should be no tariff at all; of
the producer of raw material, that the highest
rate of duty should be laid upon it; of the manu-
facturer, that the raw material should be free, and
the highest rate of duty laid upon the article man-
ufactured, which gpes forth to the consumer. A
similar division, having reference to the different
sections of the Union, might no doubt also be
made; but I do not propose to consider the sub-
ject directly, in that particular vie\y, at this
time.
In every tariff, the conflicting interests of these
several classes, to which I have just referred,
ought to be adjusted in accordance with the pro-
portional importance of each. The wants of Gov-
ernment are, indeed, to be restricted to the lowest
standard of rational economy; and no more rev-
enue collected than is sufficient for these wants at
that standard; for it is not the business or right
of this peculiar Federal Government of ours to
protect, for the sake of protecting, or to encour-
age, for the sake of encouraging, any of the'great
interests, as they arc called, of the country. To
do that belongs to the reserved rights and powers
of the States. Commerce, even, is not an excep-
tion. Congress may "regulate" commerce; but
to regulate, is not to foster it at the expense of
other interests not enumerated in the Constitu-
tion. Congress may "promote the progress of
science and useful arts, by secuiing for limited
times to authors and inventors the exclusive
right to their respective writings and discoveries."
But even here, though a class—not, indeed, of
the great industrial interests, as in political econ-
omy they are called—is named, yet the right to
promote science and useful arts is expressly lim-
ited to patents and copyrights. Congress may
also " dispose" of the public lands; but it must
dispose of them in a constitutional way, and for
a constitutional purpose.
Nevertheless, it is the sacred duty of this Gov-
ernment, in the cxercise of the high powers com-
mitted to it, to have the strictest caro that none
of these great interests suffer detriment by its ac-
tion; and accordingly, in laying a tariff, Congress
is under the highest obligation, fiist, to limit the
aggregate of revenue to the lowest amount con-
sistent with the necessities of economical govern-
ment; because it is the interest of shippers, and,
above all, of consumers, who constitute the vast
mass of the community, that there should be no
tariff at all. Second, To select as well the raw
material, when produced m this country, as the
manufactured article, for taxation; because it is
the interest of the producer, also, to have the
highest price for the thing produced. Third. To
select the manufactured article; because other-
wise the consumer of manufactures would escape
his just proposition of the burdens of government;
and in selecting the several articles, and fixing
the rate, it is the duty of Congress to regard that
fundamental principle of republican government:
the greatest good to the greatest number; or, bet-
ter yet, the least evil to the greatest number; and
that other capital rule of just taxation everywhere
and in every form: the least burden upon those least
able to bear it. And if, sir, we would but divest
ourselves, in laying duties, of the notion that they
arc anything else but taxes, that the object is tax-
ation, and all tariffs but tax-laws—if we would
call things by their right names, we should have
less controversy, and less evil, too, to the coun-
try, because of false notions and false action upon
this vexed question.
Theoretically, indeed, it maybe maintained that
Congress ought, under the Constitution, to regard
the revenue only in the selection and the rate im-
posed. But this is not now, never has been, and
never will, in practice, be strictly observed. Why
are not coffee and tea taxed ? Neither is produced
■ in the United States. The consumption is great,
and the demand and importation, of course, great
also. They would yield a handsome revenue.
But they are not taxed because they are reckoned
now among the necessaries of life, and the bur-
den, therefore, would fall upon millions little able
to bear it. Then, sir, there is a departure, there
must be a departure, the people will have a de-
parture in practice, from the strict theory of rev-
enue alone. And such, too, is the usage among
the several States in enacting tax laws. There
is no "protection" there in taxation, and by no
vote of mine shall there be " protection" here,
falsely so called, in the form of a tariff. But every
wise legislator and economist consults the temper,
the interests, and the necessities of the people
whom he would tax.
But it has been the natural, perhaps, certainly
the common mistake of all, and the universal mis-
take of the friends of what is called " protection,"
that tariffs arc to be laid peculiarly with reference
to the interests, and for the benefit, of the manu-
facturer; and, from the beginning of the Govern-
ment to this day, the debates in Congress, and
books, pamphlets, and newspapers, throughout
the country, have been filled with statistics and
arguments founded upon this assumption. 1 am
aware, sir, that it is argued, also, as it has just been
argued by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kcnkel,] that whatever benefits the manufacturer
benefits the whole country; and that a "home
market" is fraught with numberless blessings to
the consumer. Well, sir, all this sounds very fine
in. theory; but, until it shall be established that
fostering manufactures tends necessarily to the
multiplication of the human species, or an in-
crease in the capacity of the human stomach, par-
don me, sir, if 1 do not believe it. Will he who
manufactures iron or wool eat more than the man
who grows flax or raises sheep ? Can the opera-
tive of Lynn or Lowell digest better than the oper-
ative of Leeds or Manchester? Will there be a
greater demand for flour, beef, and pork, in New
England and Pennsylvania alone, than in all the
rest of the world and Pennsylvania and New Eng-
land together?
But I return to the direct question. I am no
friend to the act of 1857. It is peculiarly a man-
ufacturer's tariff, and a highly protective tariff,
too: in my judgment for them the most "pfotec-
tive" tariff ever enacted. It " protects" in two
modes; for there are two modes of " protection."
It admits the raw material free, and it lays also a
duty upon the manufactured article. Never was
there sharper practice than in the passage of that
act. It is entitled "an act reducing the duty on
imports;" and it does reduce duties, and the re-
duction is apparently great. Revenue it certainly
has reduced. But mark you, sir; how does that
reduction work ? Select the single article of wool.
Under the act of 1846, all wool paid thirty per
cent., and manufactures of wool twenty-four per
cent. But now wool, under twenty cents apound,
is free; and manufactures of wool reduced from
twenty-four to nineteen percent. Thus, the man-
ufacturer yields six and gains thirty per cent, by
the dexterous maneuver of the 3d of March, 1857.
And thus, too, are the interests of the producer,*
and especially of the agriculturist of the West,
sacrificed for the benefit of the manufacturing in-
terests of New England; and to-day, New Eng-
land would have no change in the tariff.
I concede very readily, that in the aggregate of
taxation, viewing it solely as a tax, the act of
1857 is less onerous than any former tariff, and
in two years, perhaps, and with a heavy impor-
tation, it might yield a revenue sufficient for an
economical Government. But as a tax, simply,
it is not equal and just; and in modifying it when-
soever it shall be modified, I insist that it shall be
made to conform throughout, to the just princi-
ples of taxation, which I have laid down. Sir,
it is my good fortune to represent, in part, an
agricultural State, and especially an agricultural
district. We have two million and more of con-
sumers, and a vast multitude of producers, and
if there must be, and I think that there ought to
be, at an early, but fit time, a revision of the
tariff upon just principles of taxation, and for
the purposes of revenue, after a reduction of ex-
penditures to the lowest rational point, I demand
that in adjusting it, you shall regard the interests
of Ohio and the West.
Sir, I have said that Ohio is peculiarly an agri-
cultural State. With two million and a half of
people,' she has twenty-five million acres; twenty
million occupied by or attached to farms; eleven
million actually cultivated; four hundred thou-
sand land owners; a greater number of farms, and
more tillable surface, proportionally, than any
State in the Union. The cost value of her land is
$600,000,000; her agricultural products are worth
#132,000,000, equal to the whole cotton crop of
the South; and her entire taxable property is
1900,000,000. She is the first wheat, the first
wool, and the first corn-growing State; the first
wine-producing, also; and, as my Cincinnati col-
league will attest, the foremost m the production
of swine. Her animal products, alone, equal
$40,000,000, and the value of her butter, poultry,
and eggs, would, of itself, support half the State
governments of New England.
And yet,Ohio is a part,and a small part only,
of the great Mississippi valley, that most won-
derful of all the portions of the globe, the very
Garden of Eden in the new creation, in the political
apocalypse of the Bishop of Cloyne, " time's
noblest empire:" the seat, too, doubtless, of em-
pires older than Thebes, prouder than Tyre, no-
bler than Nineveh, but whose memorials have
perished even beyond ruins or tradition; yet des-
tined once again to become the seat of an empire
to which you, ye proud men and wise men of the
East, will yet come, bearing your frankincense
and your tribute.
But I rose, not, sir, to descant upon the open-
ing glories of the West. I was speaking of my
own State and of her agricultural greatness. Nor .
will I abate one jot or title from her manufactur-
ing interest, for she is rich in all that constitutes
a State. And I beg Pennsylvania to remember
that the area of her coal-fields but little exceeds
the area of the coal-fields of Ohio; that Illinois
and Virginia are both before her; and that, in
the production and manufacture of iron, Ohio,
if not the second, is certainly the third State in
the Union. Yet right here let me add, that her
hay crop alone equals the whole value of her
manufactures of iron in all its forms. But, Mr.
Chairman, the coal dealers, and the iron mongers
of Ohio are not here besieging Congress for tariffs
and bounties to protect them from ruin. They
are content—I am sure they ought to be con-
tent—with the four arid twenty per cent, already
levied upon the consumer. They scorn, as 1 think
they ought to scorn, your favors, and will earn
still, as they always have earned, their bread by
the sweat of their brows. Nor do I believe that
Pennsylvania has fallen from her high estate, her
revolutionary greatness, when one of the most
eminent of her sons repelled the bribes of George
III., saying, with the true spirit and in the very
language of a patriot, " Sir, I am not worth pur-
chasing; but such as I am, the King of England
is not i^ph enough tobuyme." I commend Penn-
sylvania to her early virtue and her ancient inde-
pendence. Let her go home and look to the sturdy
and the manly industry of her sons, and not to
the favors and largesses of Government f6r pro-
tection and for riches.
Mr. KUNKEL, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
