1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
smr
plaint on the part of the States holding no such
territory; and especially against Virginia the argu-
ment was directed that the Northwest Territory,
then claimed by Virginia, had been conquered by
the joint forces of the States; that it constituted
the foundation of a part of the public debt which
then existed; and that it should be given for its
liquidation. Georgia, holding a very large amount
of territory, what was afterwards known as the
Southwest Territory, from the same motives and
high generosity which actuated Virginia, made,'
by deed of cession, as in the case of Virginia, this
vast territory to become a public fund, common
for the States; and it was provided that it should
be disposed of, and applied pro rata to the States,
to relieve them of the burdens of the expenditure
of the General Government. If the argument
which ingenuity brings in at this day, that the
right «' to dispose of " gave the power to grant,
without compensation, had been applied to the
public domain, and it had been given away, what
faith would have been kept with the deed of ces-
sion ? What would there have been to distribute,
to relieve the States of the burdens of Government ?•
How would the quotas demanded of the States, for
the expenditures of the Government, have been
diminished, by giving away the vast domain which
thtese States had ceded to the Federal Union ? To
present the question, and to state it, is to answer
it. Argument cannot refute what is so plain upon
the very surface.
If, then, Mr. President, these lands were given,
and for such specific objects named in the deed of
cession, could it ensue, by using the brief language
of the grant in the Constitution, that the terms
of the cession could be abrogated, so that one of
the contracting parties would lose all the benefit
anticipated, and the very purpose for which the
grant was made be swept away by a subsequent
construction of the grant, expressed in such brief
terms as not to imply all that was contained in
the contract between the States generally and the
particular State making the cession?
The Senator from Tennessee, however,directs
his argument to the fact, that grants have been
made to particular States; and asks, why should
not the other States have grants like them? The
difference between Tennessee and Alabama is, that
Alabama has received a certain portion of the
public land within her limits, and Tennessee the
whole. What more would the Senator want for
Tennessee than all the land that lay within her
borders? The new States have received a part;
the old States got and yet this constant ap-
peal is made to Congress against the new States
as having been the beneficiaries of grants of which
the old States are deprived. The case is other-
wise.
But again, sir: the grants to which he alluded,
if they were made from any sound principle, were
to increase the value of the property, and to pro-
mote the revenue of the United States. So far as
grants of land have been made to construct rail-
roads, merely on the general theory that railroads
were a good thing, the Federal Government has
violated its trust and exceeded the powers con-
ferred upon it; but where a grant has been made
of a certain portion of land, to increase the value
of the residue, and bring it into cultivation, and
by its product to promote the commerce and wealth
of the country, and thus to increase the ability
of the Government to bear its burdens, it rests
on a principle such as a prudent proprietor would
apply to the conduct of his own affairs. Thus
far it is defensible; no further. The land grants
to the new States for education rests on the same
general principle, together with this: that the new
States, sovereigns like the old, admitted to be equal,
befoie taking both the eminent and the useful do-
main, entered into a con tract with the other States,
that they would relieve from taxation the land
within their borders while owned by the General
Government, and, since the credit system, for five
years after the day of sale. This is the consid-
eration for which land grants have been made to
the new States; and a high price they have paid
for all that has been granted for educational pur-
\poses.
So far as the swamp or overflowed lands were
granted, they were granted upon the theory that
the land was not only useless to the General Gov-
ernment until it was drained, but that it was in-
jurious to the neighboring population; and that
it was a duty on the part of the Federal Govern-
ment to grant the land away, that it might be
drained, and the nuisance which the swamp cre-
ated upon the neighboring population thus be re-
moved by the application of the overflowed land
to that object.
In every case, so far as I am aware, in which
grants have been made within the new States,
they have come within one of these conditions.
If frauds have been perpetrated, if pretenses have
been adopted,and grants have been obtained under
them, still, I say, they stand excused by the fact
that this reason was presented; and it was neces-
sary to practice delusion before the Government
could be warped so far from the path it had pre-
viously followed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HUNTER and Mr. REID called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, when his name
was called, said: f wish to state that the Senator
from Michigan, Mr. Stuart, who was an advo-
cate and decided friend of this bill, is confined to
his bed by sickness, and requested me this morn-
ing to pair off with him; and, that being the case,
I shall not vote. Otherwise, I should vote against
the bill.
Mr. TOOMBS, when his name was called,
said: I have paired off with the honorable Sen-
atorfrom Illinois, Mr. Douglas. He is for, and
I am against, the bill.
The calling of the roll having been concluded,
Mr. YULEE said: If I voted, I should vote
against the bill; but at the request of one of the
Senators from Pennsylvania, Mr. Bigler, I paired
off with him, he being necessarily absent.
Mr. BRIGHT. 1 forgot, when I voted, that I
had paired off with the Senator from Connecticut,
Mr. Foster, who is confined to his room by in-
disposition. I ask to withdraw my vote.
[" No objection.,J]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have voted in the nega-
tive; but I am inclined to think that the Senator
from New Jersey, Mr. Wright, who is not pres-
ent, considers that he has paired off with me. The
Senator from Florida, Mr. Mallory, thinks bis
pair was not with me; but I know it was with
one of us. I ask leave, under the circumstances,
to withdraw my vote. I know he relies on a pair
with one of us.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will understand that leave is granted to withdraw
the vote, unless objection be made. The Chair
hears no objection.
The result was announced—yeas 25, nays 22;
as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Allen, Bell, Broderiek, Cameron,
Chandler, Clark, Crittenden, Dixon, Doolittle, Duikee,
Fesscnden, Foot, Gwin, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Kennedy,
King, Seward, Simmons, Thompson of Kentucky, Thom-
son of New Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—25.
NAYS—Mewsrs. Bayard, Brown, Chesnut, Clay, Cling-
man. Davis, Fitzpatrick,Green, Hammond, Houston, Hun-
ter, Jones, Mallory, Mason, Polk, Pugh, Reid, Rice, Sebas-
tian, Shields, Shdell, and Ward—2*2.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. IVERSON subsequently said: I wasacci-
dently absent when the bill making donations of
land for agricultural purposes was taken up. If
I had been present I should have voted against
the bill.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the following
enrolled bills; which thereupon received the sig-
nature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 80) for the relief of the heirs and
legal representatives of Olivier Landry, of Lou-
isiana;
A bill (S. No. 123) for the relief of Henry
Hubbard;
A bill (S. No. 276) for the relief of Mrs. Am-
broise Brou, of the parish of St. Charles, State
of Louisiana;
A bill (S. No. 284) for the relief of C. Edwards
Habicht, administrator of J. W. P. Lewis; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 54) for changing
the plan of the custom-house at Galveston, in the
State of Texas.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. BROWN. I now call up the regular order
of the day, being the unfinished business of Sat-
urday.
Mr. HUNTER. That is the regukr order;
but 1 move to postpone all prior orders fer tbe
purpose of taking up the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill that was reported on Friday.
Mr. BROWN. I hope that will nt& be done.-'I
do not want to discuss the question with the Sen-
ator, I am willing to take the sense of the Sen-
ate. I think we had better go on-with the unfin-
ished business of Saturday, and dispose of it.
Mr. HUNTER. I think we had better take
up the public business in preference to everything
else.
Mr. REID. I should like* to know whether the
bill to which the Senator from Mississippi alludes
is the unfinished business to be considered to-
day. I understand that the business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia was taken up on Saturday by
special resolution. Saturday was spent upon that
business, and the unfinished business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia has no priority over other busi-*
ness, for the reason that Saturday alone was as-
signed for its consideration, and that day having
passed, it goes back upon the Calendar just as it
was before- It seems to me to be like tHc case of
a private bill. You might as well say that if,
when on Friday you left off with the Private Cal-
endar, there was any unfinished business, it comes
up now, as say that this business set apart for
Saturday, now takes precedence of other busi-
ness.
Mr. BROWN. I suggest to the Senator from
North Carolina, that on Saturday evening I ttsked
the Presiding Officer whether this would be the
unfinished business of Monday morning if we
then adjourned. He replied that it would. There
was no objection made then to that view of the
case, and supposing it to be universally acqui-
csced in, I said I would call it up to-day.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think the point of order made
by the honorable Senator from North Carolina is
well taken. Saturday was assigned specially for
District business; and when the business for the
District of Columbia came up, the bill referred to
by the Senator from Mississippi had priority. I
moved to substitute another bill relating to the
business of the District. The Senate voted me
down; and I take it that the bill referred to by the
Senator now takes its place on the Calendar where
it was found when he offered his resolution, be-
hind other prior orders.
Mr. BROWN. If that view of the case was to
be urged, it ought to have been done on Saturday
evening, and not now; for I asked the opinion of
the Chair distinctly whether, having found our-
selves without a quorum, and having arrived at
the point of having a call of the Senate, and send-
ing for absent members, or ad journing, this would
be the first business on Monday morning. I was
answered emphatically that it would, and then we
adjourned.
Mr. REID. I can say that I have no particular
objection to disposing of this bill; all 1 desire is
that the question may be settled properly, because
it may be a precedent hereafter. If the Chair at
the time made a mistake in saying this would
come up to-day, as the unfinished business ofSat-
urday, we ought to correct it. I do not know that
I have any particular objection, but I desire to
protest against the rule laid down by the Senator
from Mississippi, that this business does take
preccdence; because it does not, most clearly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
call for the reading of the rule, which he thinks
controls the matter.
The Secretary read the 15th rule, as follows:
" The unfinished business in which the Senate was pn-
gascd at the last preceding adjournment, shall have the pref
erencem the special orders ot the d<iy."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state to the Senate that it is usual to assign
a particular bill for a particular day; and when
the Senate proceeds to the consideration of that
bill, and it is not finished, but the Senate adjourns
before disposing of it, that bill is the first business
in order the next day. The Chair can recognize
no difference between an assignment of a partic-
ular bill and a. class of bills, when the Senate fail
to finish the business and adjourn before dispos-
ing of a bill. He thinks, therefore, that this is
the first business now in order.
Mr. BROWN. 1 hope we shail proceed with it.
Mr. SLIDELL. Before the vote is taken, I
wish to say that I shall vote against the motion
of the Senator from Virginia to take up the con*
