858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill; because,
if Ms motion should fail, I then mean to move to
postpone the prior orders for the purpose of taking
up the bill for the acquisition of Cuba;^and I will
say now, that if theSenatorfromVirginiashould
succeed in taking*up his bill, it will probably lead
to a protracted discussion, and I shall feel it due
to my position in relation to the great question
that is placed under my charge by the report of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, to move it
as an amendmen t to that appropriation bill. I am
determined that this discussion shall be had in
some form or other, and that a vote shall be taken
on this measure. I understood the chairman of
the Committee on Finance, on Monday last, to
say that if the Indian appropriation bill were al-
lowed to be taken up then, it would probably not
lead to any piotracted discussion, and that after
it should be disposed of he would sustain me in
an attempt to get up the bill for the acquisition
of Cuba. A whole week has passed, and we are
not at all advanced. I merely think it proper to
state the reasons why I shall not vote, as I usually
do, to support the motions which my friend from
Virginia, the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, to bring up the appropriation bills; but if
this motion of his does succeed, I shall, in the
course of the discussion of that bill, move as an
amendment the bill for the acquisition of Cuba.
Mr. HUNTER. I only wish to say that I did
not mean to be understood as agreeing1 to post-
pone appropriation bills for anything. There has
been an interval since the Indian appropriation
bill was disposed of, during which, 1 should have
been willing to take up the Senator's bill, but
those days were devoted to other things. I should
have been willing to take it up on Saturday. I
only ask the decision of the Senate, and if they
agree to my motion then the bill will be up, and
the Senator can do as he chooses about offering
amendments.
Mr. BROWN. I only ask the Presiding Offi-
cer to take the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia, to
postpone the piior orders, and take up the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill.
Mr. POLK called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. POLK. I have paired olf with the Sena-
tor from Connecticut, Mr. Foster.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I vote in the affirmative;
saying, however, I am willing to settle the rail-
road matter if it comes up, in any shape, but I will
vote to take up the appropriation bill merely be-
cause I think it more important.
Mr. CHESNUT. I desire to withdraw my
vote. I had paired off with the Senator from New
Hampshire, Mr. Clark.
The result was announced—yeas 21, nays 27;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs*. Bates, Hell. Bnghr, CJingman, Collamer,
Crittenden, Davis, Fit/.patrick, Foot, Houston, Hunter,
Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Malloiy, Mason, Pugh, Reid,
Sebastian, Shields, Toombs, and Ward—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayaid, Benjamin, Brodeiick,
Brown, Cameion,Chan (Her, Clay, Dtxon, Doolmle, Durkee,
Fessenden, Green, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Kennedy, Km?,
Seward, Siidell, Thompson of Kentucky, Thomson of New
Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, Wilson, and Yulec—27.
So the motion of Mr. Hunter was not agreed
to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I believe it is now in order
to move to postpone the consideration of all the
prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the bill
(S. No. 49?) making appropriations to facilitate
the acquisition of the Island of Cuba by negotia-
tion. 1 will say to the Senator from Mississippi,
[Mr. Brown,] that if he will agree to take up this
bill informally, merely for the purpose of allowing
one or two amendments to be proposed, and then
pa s it over until to-morrow, 1 shall not object to
going on with the avenue railroad bill.
Mr. HUNTER. If it be taken up, I shall in-
sist on going on with that bill. I shall not agree
to take it up and have it passed over to clog up
the appiopriation bilis. If we take it up, I shall
insist on going through with it.
Mr. SL1DELL. Then, I shall be happy to
have the aid of my friend from Virginia to getthe
bill through to-day.
Mr. BROWN. Everybody who knows any-
thing of my opinions, knows that I shall vote for
the Cuba bill, and perhaps I ehoultl like to rote
a larger sum of money than the bill proposes;
but I cannot consent to have it interposed in this
way, ahead of the railroad bill. We had better
have a railroad on the avenue, than Cuba, just
now. I hope we shall take the question without
debate.
Mr. SLIDELL. It has been suggested to me
that, in consequence of the illness or indisposition
on the part of a number of Senators on both
sides of the House, some of those who are in
favor of the bill for the acquisition of Cuba, it
would, probably, be a waste of time to take the
yeas and nays.
RAILWAY ON PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE.
THE PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The motion of the Senator from
Louisiana being withdrawn, the business before
the Senate is the bill (H. R. No. 241) in relation
to a railway along Pennsylvania avenue, in Wash-
ington city, in the District of Columbia. The
pending question is on concurring in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole, to
strike out in section two, line six, the words
" shall not be more than four feet,'' and insert,
" shall not be less than five feet two and a half
inches;" and in line seven, to strike out " exceed
six," and insert, "be less than seven;5' so that
it will read:
The gauge of the tracks, and the space between them,
shall not be less than five feet two and a half inches, and
the carriages shall not be less than seven feet in width.
The vote having been taken at the last time
this bill was before the Senate, no quorum voting,
all further action was suspended. The yeas and
nays were ordered on the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. The amendment was adopted
on my motion. On consultation, subsequently,
1 am satisfied that it is wrong. I hope it will be
voted down. I would withdraw it if I had the
power to do so.
Mr. MALLORY. If this railroad is to be of
any service whatever, and not to be a perfect
sham, the amendment ought to be retained. The
Senator from Mississippi was perfectly right in
thus amending the bill. .Five feet two and a half
inches will give the proper width for the cars; and
unless we desire to authorize these contractors to
take their omnibuses from the present line and
put them upon wheels on this road, which will
be a mere sham of a railroad, we must keep in
this amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 24; as follows:
YEAS—Msssrs. Bates, Bell, Bright, Chesnut, Clay, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatiick, Foot, Gwm, Houston,
Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Jones, Mallory, Mason,
Polk, Pugh, Reid, Sebastian, Shields, Simmons, Shdeli,
Thompson of Kentucky, Toombs, Trumbull, Waid, and
Yulee—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Allen, Bayard, Benjamin, Broderick,
Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Chngman, Collamer, Dixon,
DooliuJe, JJurkoe, Fessenden, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Iver-
son, Kennedy, King, Rice, Seward, Thomson of New Jer-
sey, Wade, and Wilson—24.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole, was to insert as a new section:
• ~$nd he if further enacted. That nothing in this act con-
tained shall be eonsuued to authorize the said Washington
Passenger Railway Company to make, issue, or put in cir-
culation, any bill, draft, chcck, order, promissory note, ex-
change ticket, or anything else promissory or agreeing to
' pay money, intended to be circulated as money or currency ;
i and the violation of any one of the piovbionsof this section
j shall be a forfeiture of the charter herein granted, and a
! fine of fifty dollars agaiust each of the directors voting for
• the same.
| Mr. BROWN. It will be recollected that I
i said the other day, when this amendment was
j proposed, that the only objection I had to it was,
| that it was no amendment to the bill at all. The
j Senate has just put in an amendment against my
j remonstrance; and now I make no objection to
i this. Let it go in.
J Mr. HALE. I simply ask that it may be read.
, As I undersrand it, it prevents them issuing tick-
, ets of any sort.
I Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Not at all.
| Mr. BROWN. I understand it is tickets to
circulate as money.
l The Secretary read the amendment.
i The amendment was concurred in.
| The next amendment, made as in Committee
! of the Whole, was to add as anew section:
i Jlnd be it faxther enaqtefl, That ea,ch of the stockholders
,! in the s'ald passenger railway c'ora'p&ny shall be Ifeble, in
his or her individual capacity, for all the debts and liabili-
ties of the said company however contracted or incurred,
to be recovered by suit as other debts or liabilities, before
the court or tribunal having jurisdiction of the case.
The amendment was concurred in; there being,
on a division—yeas 25, nays 19.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that all the amendments recommended
by the Senate, acting as in Committee of the
Whole, are disposed of. The bill is now open to
further amendment.
Mr. REID. I desire to renew the amendment
which I moved on Saturday. It is, in section one,
lines three and four, to strikeout the words " Gil-
bert Vanderwerken, Bayard Clarke, Asa P. Rob-
inson, and their assigns, are hereby authorized,"
and insert in lieu thereof:
The Mayors of Washington and Georgetown shall cause
to be opened books of subscription ; and when the sum of
$150,000 shall have been subscribed, in shares of $100 each,
the said sub.-enbers shall, &.o.
Mr. BROWN. That amendment was very
fully discussed on Saturday. We took the yeas
and nays on it. I do not know but that we shall
have the yeas and nays again, a second and third
and fourth time on it; but I suppose every Sena-
tor understands the question without debate, and
I implore the friends of the bill to let us vote; let
us act; let us get on.
Mr. REID called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I am one of
those who thought that it was a desirable object
to have a railroad along Pennsylvania avenue for
public convenience; but I think the progress of
this bill ought to satisfy gentlemen, it certainly
has satisfied me, that it is acting unfairly, not
using that word in any personal sense, but it is
acting unfairly towards the people of the city of
Washington. I have become well satisfied, within
the last week, that the people of Washington have
been, in some way, misled in this matter of a rail-
road along that avenue. I know, as other gentle-
men know, that there has been, heretofore, a
strong disinclination always evinced in the Sen-
ate, and for aught I know in the House too, to
having a railroad on that avenue at all; and that
has been assigned to me by gentlemen in Wash-
ington in whom I have confidence, as a reason
why the people of the city of Washington have
not heretofore asked Congress for permission to
lay down the road. According to my strong im-
pressions, the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, who is at the head of the Committee on the
District of Columbia, was himself one of those
most decidedly opposed to having this avenue ob-
structed by a railroad. I think! heard him ex-
press those opinions heretofore. Perhaps he has
yielded them only to the general sense of the Sen-
ate. I know there were other Senators who en-
tertained the same opinion, and thus the people
of the city of Washington have been deterred
from coming before the Senate to ask for this priv-
ilege.
Now, how does it stand > Here are some three
or four individuals, those named in the bill, with
what associates I know not, who got a bill passed
through the House of Representatives during the
last session, and are now pressing it on the Sen-
ate, to give them a franchise, which I at least be-
lieve} and other Senators, I am sure, agree with
me, is one of great value. What it is I know not;
but I do know that railroads in the cities are the
subject of very productive stock. We can hardly
suppose that these gentlemen would be willing to
invest their capital unless they expected to get
very certain returns, and very large returns; and
we are about voting away to those who are really
strangers to the permanent residents of the city of
Washington, what,inmyjudgment, ought to be
given to the city. I am in favor of a road along
Pennsylvania avenue. I have not beea one of
those who thought it would obstruct the avenue,
or cause public inconvenience there; but I think,
with all respect for the opinion of others, that an
opportunity should be offered in the usual way
where a public franchise is to be disposed of, to
give the citizens of the locality an opportunity to
avail themselves of it. 1 shall, therefore, very
cheerfully vote for the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator from Virginia
takes occasion to remark, that I was understood
at the last session of Congress to be opposed to
putting a railroad on the avenue. If the Senator
had been quite attentive to what I have been fe&y-
