1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
%37
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Fair Play—Mr. Thayer.
Ho. of Reps.
have often done on the stump, and as southern
editors have often done in their papers, that slave
labor had the greater vitality, and would hereafter
override free labor in the northern States. Well,
sir, so much for the very harmless speculation
which has been very much misrepresented. But
the sum total of the Senator's argument—the con-
clusion, which was for immediate and practical
use—was what may be considered a sound na-
tional platform for the party opposed to the Ad-
ministration. It is broad enough for all the ele-
ments of the Opposition to combine upon, and to
occupy safely. Now, sir, what is that platform ?
What are the words of wisdom which give prom-
ise of victory ? Here they are:
*' The work of to-day is to obtain securities for fair play
In this great contest. Fair play was all that was left to James
Bucbauan and his administration to afford us. He prom-
ised us that miserable right—the remnant of all other valu-
able rights. Even that promise was broken, and that right
has been treacherously wrested from us the first year of the
administration of James Buchanan. The President, with-
out rebuke from Congress, and with the acquiesence ot'the
Senate, successively removed Governor Walker and Gov-
ernor Stanton, for yielding to the people of Kansas free,
fair, and impartial elections. When the people of the State
of Kansas by such election repudiated the slavery Lecomp-
ton constitution, and avowed their unalterable determina-
tion to remain a community of free men, the Congress of
the United States remanded them to remain indefinitely a
slavehokhng Territory. Elections for slavery are held valid
and lawful; elections for freedom are deemed invalid, idle,
and futile. Have I not said truly, then, that our first con-
quest must be the recovery of fan ness and equality between
freedom and slavery in the conduct of the Administration,
and of legislation at Washington?"
" Fairness and equality between freedom and
slavery, in the conduct of the Administration and
in the legislation at Washington ! " What, sir,
is this, but non-intervention by the Federal Gov-
ernment, either for freedom or slavery in the Ter-
ritories? What is this but a national platform,
upon which all the elements of opposition to the
present Administration can fairly stand ? I sub-
scribe to that doctrine, and advocate a fair-play
party, and a fair-play President, upon a fair-play
platform; I am for fair play between section and
section, between State and State; for fair play for
our foreign policy, and for fair play for our do-
mestic policy; for fair play with England, France,
and Spain; fair play with China and Africa; for
the acquisition of Cuba, Central America, and
Mexico, by fair play, and by that only. Here,
then, is the position which the Opposition can
fairly assume, and the platform has the highest
Republican authority. Sensible and practical men
will harmoniously indorse it, and be proud to
stand upon it and defend it through the next na-
tional campaign.
In relation to slavery in the Territories, and the
connection of the Federal Government therewith,
there are three political positions, and only three.
First, there is intervention for slavery; second,
there is intervention for freedom; and third, there
is no intervention whatever. What is the pres-
ent policy of the Democratic party in relation to
this question ? and what has been its past position ?
I say that party has been, and it is now, in favor
of intervention for slavery. I say that while that
party has advocated popular sovereignty, and has
elected one President by that advocacy, it has al-
ways persistently voted against popular sover-
eignty. It voted against it in the spring of 1854,
upon Senator Chase's amendment to the Kansas
bill, giving to the people of Kansas and Nebraska
the right to choose their own officers. It was
voted against when the Toombs biil was voted for
by the Democratic party, imposing a constitution
upon the people of Kansas without their appro-
bation. It was voted against by the Democratic
party when they voted for the Lecompton bill,
which sought to impose upon the people of Kansas
a constitution, not only without their approbation,
but in defiance of their solemn protest. It was
again voted against in rejecting the Crittenden-
Montgomery amendment, which gave to the peo-
ple of Kansas the opportunity of framing their
own constitution; of choosing under what oiganic
law they would live.
But, sir, while the Democratic party excluded
Congress from intervention with slavery iWKan-
sas and Nebraska, they did not exclude the Pres-
ident from interfering by the use of his patronage
and power. The intervention of despotic unity
was preferred to the intervention of Congress for
the establishment of slavery in Kansas; and, sir.
I think they had a tool at that time which was
well adapted to the uses for which it was de-
signed. It was supple, pliant, and fitted for many
uses. Hudibras had such an instrument—his
dagger.
{i 'Twould scrape trenchers or chip bread,
Toast cheese or bacon, though it were
To bait a mouse-trap would not care;
'Twould make shoes clean, and in the earth
Set leeks and onions and so forth."
So much for the past position of the Demo-
cratic party in relation to intervention in the Ter-
ritories. Now, what is its present position? Is
that party now upon the popular-sovereignty
platform ? Did the debate in the Senate yesterday
show that? Are they not in favor of intervention,
and that of the fiercest kind, against freedom and
for slavery in the Territories ? And what does
that notice mean upon your Journal of a bill to
be introduced which shall provide for the protec-
tion of slavery in the Territories? What mean
those southern journals when they demand that
a Federal law shall be made by Congress for the
protection of slavery in the Territories? I refer,
first, to the Charleston (South Carolina) News,
which says:
u If the Constitution confers upon slavery the right to go
to theTerritoiies,as, accordmgto the Kansas-Nebraska bill
and the Dred Scott decision, it does, then it also imposes
the duty of protecting that right; and this cannot be done
without positive pro-slavery legislation, and a Federal slave
code lor the Territories."
Again: the Richmond Enquirer says:
"The right of property in slaves in the States is now
placed, practically as well as legally, beyond the reach of
Federal legislative encroachment. But in the Territories
the case is different. It is not sufficient that the decision
of the Supreme Court prevents Congress and all its dele-
gates from the prohibition of slavery in a Territory. There
must be positive legislative enactment; a civil and crirni-
nalVjode for the protection of slave property in the Territo-
ries ought to be provided."
In the same spirit is the following extract from
the New York Day-Book: „
" Of course, the people of a Territory, when they fiame
their State constitution, may adopt or exclude slavery; but
while they are a Territory, if they fail to piotect property
invested in the person or industnal capacity of a negro, they
grossly violate equal rights, and therefore are not authorized
to consider themselves Democrats. The whole question is
resolved into this simple light, or no right, to protection to
slave property in the Federal Territories; and the Charles-
ton News suggests it must constitute the issue of 1860."
We find such opinions becoming prevalent in
the Democratic party, and it is demanded that
they shall be made the test of party fealty. Then
we must come to the conclusion that the Demo-
cratic party is to-day againstpopular sovereignty:
that it is in favor of Federal intervention, of Ex-
ecutive intervention, of legislative intervention,
as well as judicial intervention, for slavery in the
Territories of the Union.
Well, sir, what is it proposed now to oppose
to this pro-slavery intervention in the Territories?
Is it said that we will oppose to it the Wilmot
proviso? I respect the sincerity of those who
recommend this as a panacea for all the evils that
threaten our Territories, but I cannot highly
esteem their intelligence if they believe it can be
applied. For how many years is it since any
party in Congress had the power to pass the Wil-
mot proviso in reference to the Territories ? Quite
a number. And how do the people of this coun-
try stand upon that question ? In the last two
presidential contests they have repudiated that
measure, and to-day we find the people against it,
Congress against it, and we have it intimated to
us that the Supreme Court would declare it un-
constitutional. Then, under these embarrass-
ments, skall we unavailingly strive to apply it
until all the territory of the United States shall
have been settled, and its destiny sealed forever,
either as slave or free. Then it is an impracti-
cable and an antiquated issue, and sensible and
practical men will now cease to urge it as a party
policy. Such men now see that they could not
apply any such prohibition if they would, and I
hope they will not repudiate those who would not
apply it if they could.
If, then,as I have shown, there can be no Fed-
eral intervention for freedom in the Territories,
we can only choose between intervention for sla-
very and no intervention at all. Then, sir, with-
out hesitation, while^I deny no principle of the
Republican party, I advocate the adoption of the
policy of no more Federal intervention with re-
spect to slavery in the Territories.
But what really is the position of the Republican
party upon this question ? Can you show an in-
stance in our history in which we have gone
against honest popular sovereignty in the Terri-
tories? What act in this House, or in the Sen-
ate, will show that the Republican party has been
against popular sovereignty ? During the con-
test in Kansas, all we asked was, that the people
should be let alone, and that they should have
the right to do as they pleased? We voted for
the Chase amendment in 1854. And how did we
vote last session upon the Crittenden-Montgom-
ery bill ? Every man upon this side of the House
sustained it. Are we not, then, the party not
only in favor, but also in possession of, popular
sovereignty ? We have captured that gui\ before
the enemy had even used it; and now we propose
to test its range and accuracy by some experi-
ments on the Democratic party.
But, does any man say that he voted for the
Crittenden-Montgomery bill in an emergency,
and that he sacrificed his principles in doing it?
I doubt whether this will be said. I did not sac-
rifice my principles by that vote; on the contrary,'
I voted in accordance with my principles. And,
sir, I have but a poor respect for principles that
will not do in an emergency; that will not do in
a storm. Such principles are not fit to keep in
fair weather. Well, sir, that is the policy of the
Republican party; at least, it is the practice of the
Republican party; and non-intervention is per-
fectly consistent, therefore, with its present prin-
ciples. It is not only perfectly consistent for the
party, but it is perfectly safe, as I will show you,
for the cause of freedom. I can refer you to the
history of Kansas. Kansas, without any pro-
tection for freedom, has become a free State, or,
at least, she is at this day prepared to be a free
State, and will never be anything else. In defi-
ance of the numerous obstacles in the way of ob-
taining her freedom, she has bravely secured it.
In the immediate vicinity of the Platte purchase,
the most intensely pro-slavery portion of Mis-
souri; there, almost in the bosom of slave States;
there, far removed from the States of the North,
which furnish emigrants to the West; and with
all the force of the General Government against
freedom, and for slavery in the Territory; the
free-State heroes have triumphed; and, not only
that, but they have put forth many times the
power which was requisite to accomplish the
grand result. If it had not been for Executive
intervention, and for the cowardly predictions of
faint-hearted anti-slavery men in the North, that
Kansas would be lost, I think, sir, that the con-
test might have been ended before the year 1856.
But as it was, notwithstanding all the obstacles
in her way, the contest began to grow insipid dur-
ing that year, for want of opposition from the
pro-slavery side, and I left it, as Atchison and
Stringfellow had already done. Since that time,
we know very well what has been the history of
Kansas. It is now apparent that there are, at
least, eight or nine free-State men in the Terri-
tory to one slave-State man. Whatever may have
been intended, such, sir, has been the effect of
adopting this principle, which has compelled
northern men to rely upon themselves, and act
upon their own responsibility, in this matter of
making free States. This is safer than to leave
this question to Congress and to law. I have a
thousand times-more confidence in the people than
I have in Congress on this subject.
Now, Mr. Chairman, compare the resources of
these two causes that contend for preeminence in
the Territories—free labor and slave labor. How
do we find the wealth and numbers of the North
when contrasted with those of the South ? I shall
not dwell upon this.point; for on a former occa-
sion I opened that greatest book of martyrs—the
census of the United States—and showed how
these facts were.
But how do the North and South compare in
the power of combination? Why, we men of the
North, called the northern hive, live in towns
and villages. Even our agricultural districts are
quite densely peopled. We have, in Massachu-
setts, one hundred and thirty men to the square
mile. If there is any difficulty abroad or at home—
if there is any need for immediate action or re-
mote action, it is easy for us to assemble, and
consult, and determine what action is needed, and
