860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
he runs it alone or not. It is sufficient for me to
say, that parties are running a line of omnibuses
on the avenue, one of whom is Mr. Yanderwer-
ken. He begins at the Capitol gate and runs them
to Georgetown. He runs to this side of the ave-
nue and that side of the avenue. He runs the
ordinary carriage wheels, and runs by horses.
He carries passengers at so much per head. Now
he comes to Congress, who have the power, and
he says, instead of obliging me to run on the or-
dinary wheels, let me put down a track of iron
through the avenue, and let me run my omni-
buses with flange wheels upon that track. He
does not ask to be incorporated; the bill does not
propose to incorporate him. It proposes simply
to give a conditional license, that he may run,
licensing him to go and put down the track.
Here I want to make a suggestion to the honor-
able Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson,]
who, the other dav, introduced an amendment
that these men should be individually liable. I
ask him to turn his attention to the bill and see
if it does not make them individually liable. The
bill does not create a corporation; it simply grants
this license to Yanderwerken, Clark, and Robin-
son, and such other parties as they may sell to.
Well, they stand as a copartnership. There is
not a word here that proposes to incorporate
them, or authorize them to issue a share of stock.
They are liable, exactly like any other partner-
ship, for the debts of their copartnership.
Now, I want to address a remark or two to the
amendment before the Senate. Instead of licens-
ing this copartnership whom you know, these
men whom you know, the amendment proposes
to open books and let one hundred, two hundred,
three hundred, four hundred, or five hundred,
men come in and subscribe; and they are to be
made copartners, not stockholders. Well, sup-
pose you have five hundred of them: I ask any
man how are you going to start that copartner-
ship? How are you going to work it? You
might as well undertake to drive an omnibus with
five hundred mules. You have no way of get-
ting the sense of it; there is no controlling power;
ana when death comes and takes one of your
partners out, your copartnership is dissolved; you
have no succession, as in a corporation; you have
an entirely impracticable scheme. No man of
property, no man of sense, no man of prudence,
would go into such a copartnership as that. Why,
sir, you could not get a man in my country to
join a copartnership to build a corn barn with
suchB company. Suppose one subscribes $100,
and another $100: then you have got to have
$150,000 subscribed. It would take fifteen hun-
dred men, at $100 apiece, to raise the $150,000.
I ask the Senators to look at the impracticability
of the thing. If you mean to kill the bill, do so;
this amendment is not only putting one knife to
it, but fifteen hundred of them.
You know Yanderwerken, you know Clarke,
you know these othc^men; you know whether
they are fit to b*> licensed or not. If they are fit
men, and you choose to give them the license, do
so; but do not give a license to Tom, Dick, and
Harry, Ben, David, and Joe, that you do not
know, whom you never saw and never heard of.
If you had a corporation that you could control
or that anybody could control, that would be one
thing; but such a mixed up mess of omnibus pas-
sengers never was seen before.
But, sir, it is said that this grant ought to be
given to the city of Washington. Let us look a
moment at the provisions of this bill and see if
they are not now sufficiently favorable to Lite city
of Washington, and hard upon this copartnership.
I ask you to turn to the fourth section m your
bill; and what is it? That when these men whom
you have licensed have gone to work and built
the railroad, put upon it omnibuses and stock and
started it, the city of Washington may step in by
the appraisal of the Presidentand one other party
to be-chosen, and take every dollar of the prop-
erty. Is not that hard enough ? Is there any Sen-
ator here who would want to have his property
taken away by the appraisal of two men when he
did not want to sell it? And yet, you provide that
when this copartnership, for it is nothing else,
has built the road, stocked it, and got it running,
it may be sold to the city of Washington at the
appraisal of persons appointed by the President
and somebody else. Can the city of Washington
ask anything more than that somebody shall build
the road and stock it and set it running, and then
that she may come in and take it at the appraisal
of two men? 1 do not think there is anything to
be complained of here on the part of the city of
Washington. It is said they want it. Well, they
can have it by paying for it the day after it is
started, and they should not have it unless they
do pay for it.
Again, there is another provision that after you
license these men, you may revoke that license to-
morrow ; and youare not prohibited from licensing
somebody else. You have it completely in your
control. Now, it seems to me that if the road is
to be worth anything at all to the public, or any-
body else, this amendment should not be adopted.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, as to the fourth
section of the bill to which the Senator from New
Hampshire alludes, it is very artfully suggested.
These men may make the road, lay down the
track, put the cars on it, and the next day, says
the Senator, the city of Washington may take it
at appraisal. What does that appraisal include?
Mr. CLARK. The property.
Mr. PUGH. What property? What these
gentlemen put there? No, sir; they would not
have the bill if that were the provision. If the
city of Washington could get it by paying back
what they put into it, they would not touch the
bill. You compel the city of Washington to pay
for her own municipal franchise that you are
giving these men for nothing. That is what your
fourth section does. You take the property of the
citizens of Washington and give it to these men,
and then you say the city may buy it back. That
is what your fourth section is.
Now, as to the other suggestion of the Sen-
ator. He says that under the amendment of my
friend from North Carolina, there will be a pri-
vate partnership established, and that a private
partnership will not be capable of carrying on the
business.
Mr. CLARK. Not a private partnership.
Mr. PUGH. Well, an ordinary partnership,
a public partnership, if you choose. The Sen-
ator says that the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina will give us a partnership, and
that a partnership will not be able to run the road;
and yet the Senator devoted a good portion of his
speech to show that the bill authorizes a partner-
ship, and not a corporation; so that all this diffi-
culty about Tom, Dick, and Harry, and John
and Jim and Joe, appears under this bill as much
as under the amendment of the Senator from
North Carolina; there is no distinction. It ap-
pears in the very worst phase in which the Sen-
ator can state it; for the bill says: " Gilbert Van-
derwerken, Bayard Clarke, Asa P. Robinson,
and their assigns." Who are their assigns? Who
are they to be? They may be fifty men; they may
be fifty thousand men; and unless this bill makes
them a corporation, the Senator has shown him-
self that the whole concern will bo run off the
track—both the partnership and the cars.
The Senator may have either horn of the di-
lemma. If this bill creates these parties a corpo-
ration for twenty-five years, by act of Congress,
wrests from the corporations of Washington and
Georgetown a municipal privilege and franchise,
and vests it in them without compensation, for
their own private aggrandizement; let us know
what is the peculiar merit by which they arc to
be foisted on the public, and thus endowed out of
the public revenue with a public franchise. The
Senator says it grants no franchise. Then what
do they want with it> Why come to us, if it
grants no franchise ? Is it comparable to the run-
ning of an omnibus or a carriage on the avenue ?
No, sir. Any man may ruli a carriage or an om-
nibus on the avenue; he needs no license from us;
he does not come to us for that; he only com-
plies with the regulations of the city government,
and he can run to his heart's content. But it is
because these gentlemen want the exclusive pri vi-
lege to occupy, not merely for the moment of
passage and repassage, but for every moment of
the twenty-fourhours; and for every twenty-four
hours in twenty-five years; to occupy perma-
nently, to the exclusion of all else, of every other
vehicle, a portion of the most public avenue of
this city; that they ask Congress to give that to
them for nothing That is the franchise.
Now, sir, why should they have it? The Sen-
ator from Mississippi said his reason was that
Mr. Vanderwerkengothis bill through the House
of Representatives. It is a reason why he should
be endowed out of the property of the citizens of
Washington, that he got his bill through the
other House ! What a wonderful achievement!
There are a great many bills gotten through the
House of Representatives which never ought
to be got through; and there are many more
got through the Senate which ought to be de-
feated; but for his assiduity in appealing to the
good opinion of members of Congress, he is to
be rewarded in this magnificent maimer—a re-
ward greater than was ever given to the inventor
of tjie steamboat!
But the Senator from Massachusetts says he
came here some years ago and set up an omnibus
line. I suppose if he had not made money out of
it, he would have quit the business long ago.
Surely, the Senator does not suppose us so utterly
bereft of reason as to imagine that we are to be-
lieve that Mr. Yanderwerken was solely actuated
by philanthropic motives when he set up his om-
nibus line from the gate of the Capitol to George-
town. He has made money out of it: he makes
it every day; and he takes very good care, ac-
cording to the statement of my friend from Iowa,
that nobody else shall make any money out of it.
I do not complain of him for that. He is like all
men who own stage routes or omnibus routes.
If any competitor comSs along, they put down
the prices and run him and his omnibuses off; and
then, when they have the public at their mercy,
they put up the prices and reduce the accommo-
dations. That is the way of the world. I do not
think that Mr. Vanderwerken is particularly to
be blamed; I never knew a man who owned a
stage line or an omnibus line that would not do
it whenever he had a chance. I have no hostility
to him—not the slightest. I do not know the
gentleman; I do not know any of these parties;
but I say that the city of Washington can manage
her business better than we can manage it; that
these considerations of any benefit that Mr. Van-
derwerken may have conferred on the people of
of Washington or Georgetown arc arguments
which will address themselves to the authorities
of those cities with far more force than to us; that
these certainly will be no prejudice against these
gentlemen; on the contrary, that the corporate
authorities will probably, 1 might say will cer-
tainly, contract with them on more favorable
terms than they will with any other party that
might be named. Why, then, do they notgo to
the Councils ? Sir, there can be but one reason
for it.
The Senator from Massachusetts says he does
not think it is a very valuable privilege. If it
werenotvaluable, the Senate would not have been
kept here so long considering the bill. Heseeras
to make it a matter of very great objection that
the Senate should have wasted three days on this
bill. The wasting has been as much on one side
as on the other, quite as much. Those who urge
the bill, in season and out of season, to the exclu-
sion of all other business, throwing out every bill
of a public character that stands in its way, show
that their zeal at least is quite as great as the zeal of
those who oppose it, if notgreater. It is a valua-
ble property; and because it is a valuable property,
these parties, having pressed through the House
of Representatives a bill to give them the public
property for their individual aggrandizement, now
come here; and that is the spirit which animates
the whole scheme. I do not blame them, for we
are all anxious to make something for ourselves;
but I say that this is the property of the corpora-
tion of Washington, and that the gross injustice
of taking that property out of the hands o'f those
to whom the people have committed it, and giv-
ing it to three or four individuals named in this
bill, and to do that by act of Congress, no mem-
ber of whom represents the people whose prop-
erty is involved, is an outrage of the grossest
character, and it is an outrage which ougnt to be
resisted to the very last extremity. I move to
lay the bill on the table; and I call for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KENNEDY. I have been requested to
state that the Senator from Virginia, Mr. Mason,
has paired off with the Senator from Louisiana,
Mr. Benjamin.
The question, being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS-rMessrs. Bates, Bell, Chcdnut, Clay, Cllngman,
