1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Davis, Fitzpatrick, Foot, Gwin, Houston, Hunter, Johnson
of Tennessee, Jones, Mallory, Pugh, Reid, Slideli, Toombs,
Ward, and Yulee—20.
NAYS—Me&srs. Allen, Bayard, Broder'ek, Brown, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clark, ColJamer, Crittenden, Dixon, Doo-
httle, Durkee, Fessenden, Hamlin, Harlan, Iverson, Ken-
nedy, King, Seward, Shields, Simmons, Thomson of New
Jersey, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—25.'
So the Senate refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the amendment offered by the Senator
from North Carolina, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. REID. i desire to modify my amendment,
by inserting the words " subject to such regula-
tions as the City Councils of the two cities may
enact;" so as to give control, in regard to scaling
the stock subscribed, to the two cities.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
may modify his own amendment, no action hav-
ing been had on it.
Mi\ REID. 1 will state that, if my amendment
be adopted, I shall be disposed to vote for this
bill. I am in favor ,of the road; but I am opposed
to giving a monopoly of it to a specified, selected
set of individuals. Mr. Vanderwerken, and all
others, will have a fair opportunity, if my amend-
ment prevails. He and his associates can go and
subscribe stock, just as any other citizens. It
matters not to me, whether this is a desirable
object for them to embark their capital in as a
matter of speculation. If, upon one hand, as is
contended, it will be profitable, divide the profit
among the citizens generally. If, on the other
hand, it will be unprofitable, as the Senator from
Massachusetts, and others, seem to think; if it
will be attended with no profit; if it will be a bur-
den, divide the burden among the community. I
am satisfied that my amendment will open the
whole matter fairly to the people of the two cities
who are interested in it. If the individuals named
in the bill, Mr. Vanderwerken and others, think
proper to take stock, they can do so, just as other
members of the community. The thing will be
fair to all. If this amendment be adopted, I shall
vote for the bill. If this amendment, or a similar
one, is not adopted, though I am in favor of the
road, I shall vote against the bill.
Mr. BROWN. I have only to say, that if the
amendment be adopted, I will vote against the
bill; so that the Senator and I stand paired off on
that.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire that the amend-
ment, as it has been modified, may be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Mayors of Washington and Geoigetown shall cause
to be opened books of Mib^cription, subject to such regula-
tions as the City Councils of the two cities may enact; and
when the sum of $150,000 shall have been subscribed, m
shares of$100 each, the said subscribers shall, &c.
Mr. COLLAMER. If that proposition is a sin-
cere one, it certainly requires a vast deal of ar-
rangement to carry it into effect and to make it
practicable. The provision is, that whenever
$150,000, in $100 shaves, is subscribed, the sub-
scribers shall go on with the road. Well, sup-
pose the first day the books are opened I go and
subscribe the whole $150,000, in shares of $100
each: then I own the road, and it is my business
to go on with it. That is all there is in the amend-
ment as it now stands.
Mr. REID. The amendment provides that the
subscription shall be made under such rules and
regulations as the two cities may prescribe.
Mr. COLLAMER. But their rules and regu-
lations cannot defeat the purpose.
Mr. REID. I put that provision in expressly
to enable them to make rules for scaling the stock
if too much should be subscribed. They can
make rules to meet the very objection which the
Senator makes.
Mr. COLLAMER. They cannot make rules
and regulations to prevent people from subscrib-
ing. That would be to defeat the whole purpose
altogether. They must make rules and regula-
tions to carry into effect the purpose of the law.
The law is, if you adopt the amendment, that a
man may subscribe for as much as he pleases. If
they could cut anybody off they might make a
regulation that nobody except such as belong to
a certain political party should subscribe, or that
no man, unless he was six feet two inches high,
should subscribe. Certainly they can make no
such regulations as those. Their regulations can
only relate to the time and manner of opening
the books and matters of that kind-
But suppose the $150,000 is not a limitation as
to the amount to be subscribed, but is a minimum,
the idea being that when $150,000 shall be sub-
scribed it shall be competent to go on with the
road; but that the books shall be opened for all
who may choose to subscribe, and that every
man may subscribe for what he pleased. ,, Then,
when you have all the subscribers in, they are
not a corporation; there is no mode of calling a
meeting of them. They are, as was said by the
Senator from New Hampshire, a mere partner-
ship.
Mr. PUGH. We can incorporate them by sub-
sequent law.
Mr. COLLAMER. We need not talk about
what we can do hereafter, because we have a right,
according to the provisions of the bill, to repeal
the whole of it. The question is, whether you
have any arrangement in this amendment that is
practicable. 1 say it is utterly impracticable. One
man may go and subscribe $100, another $100,
and so on, five hundred of them. By and by you
call a meeting; each man votes, and a majority
vote not to go on with the enterprise, and there
is the end of it. The whole thing is nothing but
a felo de se; an arrangement to destroy the enter-
prise altogether. That must necessarily be its ef-
fect. I shall say no more, for I desire to confine
my remarks simply to this amendment.
Mr. REID. I modified my amendment to meet
the very view which the Senator from Vermont
has expressed. Now, sir,in regard to the num-
ber of individuals associated here, it seems to me
that there can be no difference between the amend-
ment and the bill in that respect, on the point of
principle. According to the bill, Mr. Vanderwer-
ken may take in ten million partners, and you may
have just as much difficulty in finding them as
you would have in finding this corporation under
the amendment.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wished to confine my
remarks simply to this single amendment. Mr.
Vanderwerken and the other men named in the
bill can have no inducement to take people in to
destroy their grant, but the others might have.
Mr. PUGH. I will suggest to the Senator from
North Carolina to add three or four words to his
amendment, the insertion of which will, I think,
answer the whole objection. At the end of it
simply say, " the subscribers shall be a body cor-
porate." Make them a corporation by this bill,
and leave the Mayorsof Washington and George-
town to open the subscription books.
Mr. REID. I will accept that amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment of the Senator from North Carolina will be
modified in that form.
Mr. REID. It is the principle that I desire to
carry out. If this amendment be voted in, it is
possible that there may be one or two other
words which it may be necessary to change in
the bill; but 1 desire to carry out the principle
that books shall be opened, and that this monop-
oly, if it is one, or this burden, if it be a burden,
shall fall upon each member of the community
who desires it. I protest against giving a bounty
to selected and particular individuals who have
no more merit than the rest of the community in
which they reside. It is this that I object to m the
bill. The Senator from Mississippi says he will
vote against the bill if my amendment be adopt-
ed; but if it shall prevail, the bill will at least
get one vote from the other side, for I shall vote
for it.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish merely to say that
if the amendment is adopted now, itis to create a
corporation; and all the parts of the bill which
have been formed with a view to a partnership
become inapplicable; the bill is entirely destroyed
unless you remodel it and give a name to your
corporation, and arrange the matter afterwards so
as to make a perpetuity.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator is mistaken. The
rest of the bill is just as appropriate to a corpora-
tion as to individuals. In lact, I think if the Sen-
ator will read this bill and give me his deliberate
legal judgment, he will tell me that it creates a
corporation now, for although the word " corpo-
ration " is not used in it, the whole frame and
scope of the bill and its character is in effect to
charter these persons; and if it were not so, you
could not justify yourselves in the use of the
words " and their assigns " in the first section- I
think the Senator from North Carolina will ac-
complish everything by his amendment as it
stands. It creates a corporation, the stock of
which is to be subscribed, and it names the Mayors
of Washington and Georgetown as the trustees,
to receive the subscriptions. The moment the
proper amount of stock is subscribed, they call
a meeting of the corporators, and the directors
or managers can be chosen, as many as they
please.
Mr. CLARK. I understood the Senator from
Ohio, to say that he believed that if the Senator
from Vermont would give him his deliberate opin-
ion, he would say that this act created a corpo-
ration.
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. CLARK. I understand -that to be equiv-
alent to the expression of opinion on the part of
the Senator from Ohio, that he believes it a cor-
poration.
Mr. PUGH. I do.
Mr. CLARK. Then I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio what is the corporate name.
Mr. PUGH. There is no more necessity for
a corporation to have a name, than for an indi-
vidual. They may take any name they please.
The corporate character is just as.good without a
name.
Mr. CLARK. Then how are you going to sue
this corporation, or how is it going to sue any-
body ? How is it going to act ? A corporation is
a person in law.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator thinks there can be
no corporation without having a name to sue or
be sued by; but it can have so much corporate
authority as will bind the passage of the title of
property between themselves. But I put him the
question in reference to this bill making the grant
to these gentlemen and their assigns: when one
of the parties dies, does the road stop?
Mr. CLARK. Not at all. It is a partnership;
and they convey by their own individual names.
Mr. PUGH. But does the Senator understand
that surviving partners can go on and conduct the
partnership business?
Mr. CLARK. Not at all.
Mr. PUGH. I should think not.
Mr. CLARK. I understand, then, it must be
wound up; and that is the great difficulty. Mr.
Vanderwerken, Mr. Clarke, and Mr. Robinson,
three gentlemen, associate themselves as copart-
ners. Those three are willing to go on with it;
and these three provide that their assigns may
continue it.
Mr. PUGH. Exactly.
Mr. CLARK. Exactly; but they cannot sell
without the consent of the whole partnership;
otherwise you destroy it. They may sell if they
agree; otherwise you destroy the copartnership.
Have they any corporate seal ? Can they make
any regulations as a corporation? Notatall. The
city of Washington is to make regulations; and
they are to run By them. I do not understand it
to be a corporation in any sense of the word.
These three men can go on; they can come to-
gether and agree. Put m fifteen hundred, and
how are they going to get together and agree?
One man has $10,000, and another $100 in the
concern. How many votes is the one to have
over the other?
Mr. PUGH. Wc have the amendment now to
make them a corporation.
Mr. CLARK. I want to come to that. The
Senator says we have an amendment now to make
them a corporation. Here Vanderwerken, Clarke,
and Robinson, come in and ask to be licensed to
run the road; and instead of licensing them you
make a corporation that nobody in God's world
has asked for. Your son comes and asks bread,
and instead of giving him bread you throw a stone
at somebody else. Nobody asks for a corpora-
tion; these men ask to be licensed, and you go
and create a corporation and call it a monopoly;
and that nobody in God's world wants. Nobo'dy
is here asking for any such thing. Just to pre-
vent these men from getting what they want, you
go and put it into the hands of somebody else.
That is all there is of it.
Mr. PUGH. Now, Mr. President, it is amaz-
ing to me that so plain a proposition can be so
much misunderstood 
Mr. REID. If the Senator from Ohio will per-
mit me, I will suggest that we may insert some
