1859.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
239
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indian Troubles in Texas-
-Mr. Reagan.
Ho. of Reps.
of themselves. How would such a policy affect
the Treasury of the United States? It would save
us millions of dollars annually. Our people would
then go forward in solid phalanx. They would
be able to protect themselves. There would be
no deterioration in education or morals; for the
settlers, living contiguous to each other, could
support schools and churches. We would then
have no difficulty whatever, arising from Indian
wars, and no difficulty arising from the numerous
applications of territorial office seekers.
Sir, we have history on our side in favor of that
policy. The people of Oregon governed them-
selves for ten years before the Congress of the
United States extended their protecting-hand over
the colony. They had a perfect system of gov-
ernment; a perfect system for the administration
of justice. They had a symmetrical and well ap-
pointed government, in all its branches. They
established post offices and post roads. Accord-
ing to the testimony of the first Governor of that
Territory, everything was progressing with as
much regularity and order and success as it could j
have been if it had been all planned by the powets |
in this city, and put in operation by their agents. |
But we have a present example. Dacotah is to- i
day without a territorial government, and yet we !
hear of no disturbances there. The people have j
established a government for themselves, and I !
much doubt whether it is in the power of Con- j
gress to improve it by establishing in its stead a !
non-resident jurisdiction. But, sir, there are I
earherexamples of the successful working of this !
policy than are furnished by either Oregon or j
Dacotah. I refer to the early colonies of Ply- i
mouth, Providence, and New Haven, whose his- j
tories are household words. . I
Wherever you look you find that our people, (
whether they be few or many, are abundantly able j
to take care of themselves. Therefore, I suggest, i
as a policy to be considered, whether there shall j
hereafter be another Territory organized in the j
national domain; whether we have not had sec- !
tional quarrels enough, and difficulties enough i
about provincial dependencies, to induce us to !
create no more, and, as speedily as possible, to
get rid of what we now have.
Now, sir, 1 have advocated an open field for a ;
fair conflict between these two opposing systems |
of labor. If you, sir, claim that slave labor is a !
divine institution, I claim that free labor is a j
divine institution; and 1, for one, am willing that '
hereafter the two institutions shall honestly con- |
tend and grapple, and that the stronger shall pre- ^
vail, and I will acknowledge that the one which j
shall prove the stronger in a fair contest is the j
more divine.
Now, sir, in all that 1 have said upon this sub- '
ject, I have nownere denied the power of Con- [
gress to exclude slavery from the Territories. On j
the contrary, I believe the power is clearly estab- j
lished, not only by legal consti action of the high- j
est authority, but also by the authority of our '
history and practice. Still, sir, I should deem j
the exercise of that power inexpedient at the pre- |
sent time if it could be applied. Nothing should 1
be attempted by law which can be accomplished j
without law. The extension and security of free )
labor cannot be effected by law, but by work. It 1
would be a hajfirdous security for the North to !
rely on law to prohibit slavery in the Territories, i
when she can so much more safely rely upon her- i
self. But, sir, we have no power to prohibit it I
by law, and since we have not, I do not regret the '
fact; I say that I am willing that this conflict |
should go on, and that it should come to a decis-
ion winch is based upon the merits of the contend- '
ing systems, and upon nothing else. And the i
more cheerfully do I assent to this arrangement, ;
because it will furnish a sound basis of legislation !
to s^es yet to be. But if to-day slavery is ob- !
structed by law; if to-day slavery is crushed out !
by the Ie^al enactments of this General Govern- I
ment, and not by the laws of the communities in |
which it is practiced, then what objection could ;
be urged when a future generation, here or else- \
where, shall propose to establish slavery instead )
of free labor? Why, it would be said that slavery \
did not have a fair trial m the United States of i
America; that it was crushed by the opposing j
iSrce of law; that it did not fall from its own in j
horent weakness and lack of vitality; and there 1
might be force in that argument. But now let the
question be determined by the merits of the two
contesting systems, and let the mighty and ma-
jestic power of free labor overthrow and destroy
slave labor in a fair fight, as it surely will, then
what will be the effect upon the future ? Why, if
any legislator shall then presume to suggest to
this nation, or to any other, that slavery is better
than freedom, and shall make an honest proposi-
tion that it be established, the student of history
will meet him, and, turning back to the records
of this contest, will show him the evidence of the
invincible power of freedom and of the inherent
imbecility of slavery. He will trace the majestic
progress of free labor all the way across this con-
tinent, from the granite hills of New England to
the rocky ramparts of the Pacific. He will show
that it was mightier than Presidents and princes,
courts and counsellors, Cabinets and Congresses,
while slavery, nurtured and caressed by the
whole power of this Confederacy, appeared but a
dwarfed and impotent cripple in this contest with
the heaven-born giant. Then, sir, ages hence,
when the actors in these present scenes shall have
been forgotten, should it be proposed again to
establish slavery, in this, or any other land, the
people will ponder upon the progress and the
grand result of this last great battle between these
hostile powers, and will proclaim with one voice
that freedom, having fairly conquered, shall ever-
more remain m possession of the field, and of the
well-earned laurels of victory.
INDIAN TltOUIJLES IN TEXAS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. K. REAGAN,
of texas,
In the Housp. op Representatives,
February 24, 1859.
The House being u\ the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Umou—
Mr. REAGAN said:
Mr. Chairman: I do not propose to participate
this evening in the very interesting discussion
which is going on in relation to the tariff; or to
follow the gentleman who has just taken his seat,
[Mr. Thayer,] m the discussion of the relative
merits of free and slave labor; but I will call the
attention of the committee, very briefly, to another
question of great importance to the State 1 have
the honor in part to represent.
It may not be generally known to members of
this House, that a state of war has existed with
the Indians on the frontier of Texas fiom 1854 to
the present; and that during that time a very large
amount of property has been stolen from the
frontier by the Indians, and a great many persons
have been killed by them. And it may not be
known that during the last year two very bloody
battles have been fought on that frontier, two of
the mos'timportant battles which have been fought
with the Indians of this Government for several
years past.
From remarks I have heard in the course of
former discussions, I infer that gentlemen may
be laboring under the impression that these wais
have resulted from tho bad conduct of the whites,
and not from the fault of the Indians. And if is
my purpose to remove this impression, by the
presentation of such facts as may be in my pos-
session. A portion of the Indians, on the. imme-
diate borders of the settlements of Texas, consist
of small bands of friendly Indians, numbering, in
the aggiegate, some fourteen or fifteen hundred;
who have for many years been at peace with the
whites, and who live on what is known as the
lower Brazos reserve, under the control of the
superintendent and Indian agents in that State.
And some three or four hundred of the more
friendly-disposed Camanehes are living on the
upper Brazos reserve, and also at peace with the
whites. The Indians on these reserves are being
instructed in the arts of peace and civilization;
and are making considerable advances in a knowl-
edge of agriculture. Then there are many roving
bands of Indians in the vicinity of our frontier,
and on the upper Red river, about the Wicheta
mountains, and on the Canadian and Arkansas
rivers, who have no permanent homes; who do
not pursue agriculture, or any of the arts of peace;
and who live by plundering and murdering the
people along the frontier of Texas, and in the
northern States of Mexico. These Indians know
nothing of the obligations and duties of civilizeo
life, and live by war and pillage. And it is with
these we have been at war since 1854; not by any
fault of ours, but to protect ourselves agains*
their hostile incursions. And the official papers
in House Document No. 27, of this session,
which is now in the document boxes of members,
consisting of the correspondence between the
Governor of the State of Texas and the Secretary
of War, and between the Governor and General
Twiggs—the commanding general of tfie military
department of Texas*, and between General
Twiggs and the Secretary of War; and between
General Twiggs and the General-in-Chief, Gen
eral Scott; and the report of Major R. S. Neigh-
bours, the superintendent of Indian affairs there
and his letters; and the official reports of Captain
John S. Ford and Major Yan Dorn and otners
show most of the facts connected with this Indian
war. And I feel anxious that members may look
to these documents, as far as their time will per-
mit. From them, what I have said will be verified
and it will be seen also from those official papers,
that the Kickapoos, Camanehes, Kiowas, and
Wichetas, who have treaties of peace with the
Government of the United States, and receive an-
nually their annuities, and their presents of arms,
&c., and who do notlive in the territory of Texas,
come down on our frontier for hostile purposes,
and use the very arms given them as presents
by the Government to murder our citizens; and
that they steal our horses, and take them north
into the Indian territories, and into the States of
Aikansas and Missouri, and sell them where
they can find a market for them. '
I will mention another fact of importance in
this connection. The climate on the borders of
Texas and Mexico is mild and genial; and these
roving bands of homeless, hostile savages can live
there without houses, and, if necessity require it
pretty much without clothes, as many of them
do. The pasturage is so good at all seasons of
the year, that their horses keep in good order on
the grass, and without other food; and game is
generally sufficiently plenty to keep them from
suffering. And these facts, no doubt, have much
to do with drawing the bad Indians of all tribes
in reach of us down on our frontier in the fall;
winter, and spring months, and account for much
of our troubles with the Indians.
In the fall of 1854, these Hostile incursions had
become so frequent, and so many of our citizens
were killed, and so much of their property was
stolen by the Indians, that General Pcrsifer F.
Smith, then in command of the military depart-
ment of Texas, finding that the regular force on
that frontier was insufficient for the protection of
the lives and property of our people, called into
! the service, in the emergency, but without regu-
i lar authority to do so, six companies of volun-
j teers, for three months' service. This was in the
winter of 1854 and 1855. During the next win-
ter, the winter of 1855-56, Governor Pease of
Texas, on a similar emergency, called into the
service one company of volunteers for three
months' service, and two companies for one
month's service, each. And subsequently,it was
found necessary by Governor Pease and by Gov-
ernor Runnels, his successor, who is the present
Governor, to call into the service companies of
volunteers to serve for limited periods. This ad-
ditional force became necessary in consequence
of the lack of Federal troops to give us protec-
tion. And this necessity is the more apparent
from the fact that six of these companies were
ordered out by General Smith, who was in com-
mand of that department, and from the letters
and orders of General Twiggs, the present com-
mandant there, who shows the want of a suffi-
cient force to protect that frontier, while the
Governor of Texas is urging that fact on the at-
tention of the Secretary of War, and both the
Secretary of War and the General-in-Chief rec-
ognize the fact that the force there was and is
insufficient.
The State of Texas became liable to pay these
volunteer companies, and has paid them; for
which purpose the Legislature appropriated the
sum of $184,544 53, of which amount $148,998 75
