,£PPfiMDlX TQ T1E €©NGJl;ESSrO.NAb ©LOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Ses's.
Indian Troubles in Texas—Mr. Reagan.
Ho. of Reps.
T
hi
has been paid out, leaving op hand #35,545 75,
subject to be drawn. And the State asks Con-
gress to reimburse this sum..
- As eviijenee of the necessity for the services of
these volunteers,.and for this expenditure by, the
State, I again catl your attention to these offieial
papers,a-nd to the evidence they contain, of the
vast amount of property stolen from our people
by the Indians, and.otf ,th4 great Number of men,
women, a«d children -who have been kilted on
our frontier, by thent, in.the last five years. I
might-quote from this evidence, but it is before
ou, and I need not consume the time. I will,
owever, read one paragraph from the report of
Major Neighbours, the superintendent of Indians
in Texas, to Mr. Mix, the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, dated. January 17,1858. It is as
follows:
-".To sum up, the whole investigation shows that there
have been stolen and driven off from our frontier since the
1st of November about six hundred head of horses, and that
seven persons have been killed or captured by the Indians
in the same time, namely: one Mr. Davis, two Messrs.
KnmlYo, two Messrs. Johnson, and a man, one Mr. John-
son's negro, and one Mr. Johnson's son, taken captive. The
amount of property destroyed and driven off is estimated by
our citizens at, at least, -$60,000, without taking into consid-
eration the lives that have been sacrificed."—House hoc.
No. 27, page 10.
And this is what came to the knowledge of the
Commissioner of Indians Affairs, from the 1st of
November 1857, to the 17th of January 1858,
two and a half months.
I have said that two very important battles
were fought with these Indians during last year.
Qa the 12th of May last, Captain John S. Ford,
vH*h a command consisting of one hundred and
two volunteers, including officers and privates,
and a detachment of one hundred and thirteen
friendly Indians, under the command of Captain
Ross, gave battle to over three hundred Indians,
m which there were seventy-six of the Indians
killed, and two of Captain Ford's command
killed, and three wounded. And in this battle he
captured over three hundred head of harsee.
In this campaign Captain Ford demonstrated
the practicability of pursuing the Indians across
the plains-, to their haunts beyond Red river, and
chastising them in their own country, and thus
striking that terror among them which they have
so often produced among our frontier people.
The pay for this service is a part of that which
the bill now in the Committee of the Whole pro-
poses to repay to the State of Texas.
General Twiggs determined to continue this
policy of pursuing the Indians to their hiding
places, and of visiting the calamities of war on
them at their homes and among their families, as
the only means of putting a stop to itheir murder-
ing and pillaging of our citizens* which they have
been doing- for some years past, not on account of
insults or aggressions offered: by our people, but
as a sort of business occupation; for the sake of
plunder and booty, and as a means of support,
instead of coming in, as they are invited to do,
and settling on the reserves, where they could be
at peace with the whites, and receive the care and
protection and partial support of the Government,
as extended under our present Indian policy; and
where they could be learning something of habits
of industry, and of the arts of peace and civiliza-
tion.
In view of the continuation of Indian depreda-
tions during last summer and fall, General Twiggs
ordered Major Van Dorn, with three companies
of regular cavalry troops, into the Indian country.
These were accompanied by a number of friendly
Indians, under Mr. Ward and Mr. Ross. And
on the 1st of last October, Major Van Born, with
this cavalry and Indian force, gave battle to a
force of from three to five hundred Indians. In
this battle, the commander, Major Van Dorn, and
eleven other officers and men were wounded, and
three men killed on our side. Fifty-six warriors
w«p killed—the number of woueded not known;
and over three hundred animals were captured,
and about one hundred and twenty lodges were
burned. I mention these things in order that the
extent and character of this Indian war, about
which so little seems to be known here, and which
has made it necessary for the commanding gen-
eral of the Texas department, and for the Gov-
ernor of Texas, to call these volunteers into the
service, and ft the Legislature to appropriate the
money to pay for -these services, which we now
ask Congress to reimburse to the State.
The necessity for calling these volunteers into
the service is shown by the-action of Generals
Smith and Twiggs, at different periods, command-
ers of the department of Texas. It is shown by
the action of two Governors of the State of Texas,
and by the action, on several occasions, of the
Legislature of that State. It is shown 'by the
ample testimony of other officers of the Army,
and by the superintendent of Indian affairs of
Texas; and numerous and reliable statements of
private citizens, which are printed in the docu-
ment now before us, and vouched for by persons
high in official station. The necessity for addi-
tional protection there was recognized by the gen-
eral-in-chief, General Scott, and by the Secretary
of War. And the Secretary of War, in a letter
of the 11th of last month, to General Davis, the
chairman of the Military Committee in the Sen-
ate, says:
" I beg Jeave to suggest to the committee, most respect-
fully, the propriety of appropriating money at onee to pay
off alt the just claims which the State of Texas may have
against the United States, on account of services rendered
by volunteers."
And it is also shown by the report of the Mil-
itary Committee of this House, recommending
the passage of the bill, now in the Committee of
the Whole, to refund to the State of Texas the
moneys advanced for the payment of these vol-
unteers. These evidences are all before you, and
subject to your examination. The amount Con-
gress is called on to repay is $184,000. And the
items are shown in the tabular statement, on page
44 of the House document to which I have been
referring.
I have no complaint against the War Depart-
ment about this matter; for theSecretary of War,
the General-in-Chief, and the generals command-
ing the department of Texas, have shown every
disposition to give protection to our frontiers, as
far as the means placed at their disposal would
enable them to do so, consistently with their ob-
ligations, to other portions of the country. And I
was much gratified when, at the last session, Con-
gress passed a law authorizing the raising of a
regiment of mounted volunteers in Texas, for the
protection of our frontier. For this would have
given peace and security to life and property on
our frontier, if the patriotic design of Congress in
enacting that law had been carried out. I was
equally gratified when, during the last session,
the bill passed this House appropriating the
money to bring this regiment into service. And
I could but turn with sadness and sorrow to be-
hold the suffering condition of our frontier set-
tlers, when, upon the suggestion of the President,
pointedly made in two special messages to the
last Congress', the Senate refused to pass the
House biH making the necessary appropriations
to bring this regiment into the field. It would
seem that some fatal spell has come over that
State. I would hope it has not been brought
about by the inefficiency of her Representatives;
and I shall regret to be forced to tW conclusion
that it results either from a willful and perverse
neglect by Congress of our rights, and of their
duty towards us, or from the baser consideration
that Texas has but two humble members on this
floor, who need not be consulted in any general
scheme for the dispensation of patronage for po-
litical e/iecc or for securing public plunder, or
from the fact that she has but four votes in the
electoral college for President, and because, from
that fact, it becomes a matter of but little conse-
quence whether their favorable consideration be
propitiated here or not, when other States, with
more votes here and in the electoral college, have
still a use for more money and Government pat-
ronage.
It may be unjust to suppose that such consid-
erations can have any influence here, and I would
not be understood as imputing such motives of
action; but I am afraid that, in the hurry of busi-
ness, and in the nccessary and natural exertion
of members to secure the interests of their imme-
diate constituents, such influences are sometimes
felt in our action here. If this be not so, how
should I account to the people of n#y State for the
refusal of Congress to provide for the defense of
our frontier, when murder and pillage by hostile
savages are spreading terror and dismay all along
the line of our frontier for six or eight hundred
miles in ex-tent? How shall1 account to them for
the fact that, with a Gulf coasf of eight hundred
miles or more, we have not a single fort to pro-
tect our towns and commerce and shipping? How
shall I account for the fact that, in all this long
line of coast, -we have no custom-houses, such as
; are built in other States similarly situated? How
| Bhall I account for the fact that we have not been
able to get any appropriation for the impfove-
j ment of any of our harbors, while like improve-
ments have been appropriated for in other States,
having no greater necessities than ours for such
improvements ? How shall I account for the faet
that our efforts to secure the necessary appropri-
ations for the building of court-houses and post
I offices have been wholly disregarded, notwith-
[ standing the Federal courts are held at four places
I in the State, while this day we have voted in this
' House to reappropriate two or three million dol-
! lars for the building of court-houses and post
' offices in other States, and in many places where
they are less necessary than in Texas ? And- how
shall I account to them for the fact that it was
regarded by the Committee of Ways and Means,
and also by this House, a few days ago, as out
of order and improper to insert in the general
military appropriation bill a provision making an
appropriation to reimburse Texas for money paid
out by her for the defense of our frontier, when a
motion was made for that purpose by my col-
league, [Mr. Bryan,] and to provide the means
for calling the mounted regiment of volunteers for
Texas into the service, on the motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens;] while ia
the same bill (.the military appropriation bill) it
was deemed in order and right, by the Committee
of Ways and Means, to report in favor of an ap-
propriation of $75,000 for the survey of the- north-
ern lakes, where all is peace and prosperity, but
where there happens to be a large number of mem-
bers interested ? What shall I say to them to
satisfy them of the justice of such legislation as
this? and to induce them to believe they receive
from the Federal Government that protection and
justice which is due to their allegiance and to
their fidelity to the Constitution and the Union ?
And again, sir, what shall I say to them m re-
lation to the action now being had by Congress
in relation to the Indian appropriation bill ? At
the last session of Congress a new reserve was
provided for between the Pecos and the Rio
Grande, and an appropriation was made to put it
into operation; and provision was made for the
appointment and payment of an agent for that
reservation; while at this session you refuse in
the Senate, and I understand the conference coiSn-
mittee on that bill sustain that refusal, to allow-
the appropriation of this year to be applied to
that^reserve, though no repeal of the law estab-
lishing that reserve is proposed; while in the same
bill you propose to increase the Indian reserves-
in California, .where they are not so much needed
as this one in Texas. Why, sir, are all these
things? What have we done in Texas-to merit
such treatment as this ? Whether a reference to
these things by me be justifiable, all things con-
sidered, others may judge. I- would be the last
to complain if 1 supposed she ljjid been fairly
dealt by; and I do so now, more in the hope of
securing the just action of Congress on some of
these subjects, during the short remainder of the
session, than for the purpose of reproaching Con-
gress for a disregard of our rights.
The bill to reimburse Texas for the money paid
out for the-defense of our frontier, is now in Com?
mittee of the Whole. 11 is my intention, if I can
succeed in getting the floor for that purpose, to
moye a suspension of the rules, and to report the
bill back to the House, and ask for its passage.
And I have detained the committee for the pur-
pose of laying the facts in relation to it before
them, that they may act advisedly when the mo-
tion shall be made; as it is not probable I should
be permitted to discuss the merits of the bill on
such a motion, if I shall be permitted to ask this
favor of the House. And I trust your action may
be such as to satisfy the people of Texas that it
is not the purpose of the Federal Government to
refuse protection to our frontier settlers, and- re-
quire the- State to provide for its own defense, and
