1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
867
brought before the House, for its immediate ac-
tion, a'thousand bills which are now out of the
reach of the House. They cannot be brought
before the House; because, under no parliament-
ary law known to legislative assemblies can you
make a motion by which you bring be/ore the
House a mass of business, nineteen twentieths—
if not ninety-nine hundredths—of which must fall
to the table before it can be acted upon by the
House.
Again, if there is any doubt upon the mind of
the Speaker, it seems to me that the decision of
the Chair should be upon the side of that doubt,
because the ruling of to-day necessarily opens a
door to combinations in this House, which will
evade the force of all your rules, and which may
biing up every bill which is litigated or contested.
They may be brought up from the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the CJnion and from the
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and under that decision I can combine
a private bill with a public one, combine any sort
of legislation you please, and thereby escape all
the restrictions which rest upon the ordinary
legislation of the country.
I ask for The yeas and nays upon the determ-
ination of this question.
Mr. NICHOLS. I wish to put this interroga-
tory to the Speaker: if the rules aie suspended
on the motion of the gentleman from Georgia, is
not the consideration of the bill brought before
the House, after the rules are suspended, then to
be determined by the rules of the House—the
question of priority and everything connected
with it? Does the suspension refer to anything
except the bringing of the measure before the
House for consideration ? As to the point whether
you can pass two bills together, is not that a
question necessarily determined after a suspen-
sion of the iules of the House ?
Mr. STANTON. I take it for granted that it
would not be in order to move to suspend the rules
for the day for the purpose of taking up whatever
business any gentleman might choose to call the
attention of the House to. There is some limita-
tion to the power of the House m the suspension
of the rules by a vote of two thirds. You cannot
discharge the'Committee of the Whole House, or
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, from all business pending m them, by a
single vote for a suspension of the rules. There
must be some limitation, and I do not think there
is any other limitation except this: you may sus-
pend the rules for the purpose of making a mo-
tion which would be in order, if the party had the
floor to make it. You cannot suspend the rules
for the purpose of doing a thing which it would
not be in order to do, after the rules were sus-
pended. You cannot suspend the rules for the
purpose of discharging the Committee of the
Whole House from the consideration of two bills;
because, if there were no rules to pievent the
making of a motion, you could not move to con-
sider two bills at a time. I think that the limita-
tion of the power of the House to suspend its
rules is found in the question as to what would
be an orderly motion, considering the congruity
of the subject-matter for winch you are calling for
the consideration of the House.
Now, this is a dangerous precedent: and if by
a combination of the interests of two private bills
you can secure two thuds to suspend the rules,
why, by a combination of ail interests upon the
Private Calendar you may get lid of the whole
of them. As far as these cases are concerned,
and especially the bill relating to the State of
Maine, 1 think it is a good claim, and I will vote
for the passage of the bill. I am not so well ac-
quainted with the case from Georgia, but I believe
it is a similar case, and I will vote for the bill if
you suspend the rules severally; but I am not
prepaied to recognize it as competent to move a
'suspension of the rules, to discharge the Com-
mittee ot the Whole House from the considera-
tion of a gt eat vat lety of subjects. I do not know
of any other limitation upon the power of the
House in the suspension of its rules, than this:
that you cannot move to suspend the rules for the
purpose of doing that which it would not be in or-
der to do in the House as a distinct and separate
proposition.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not under-
stand that the gentleman from Ohio has pointed
out to the House any distinct limitation to the
power of the House in the suspension of its rules.
It has adopted certain rules; and ithasaright,by
those rules, on Monday, to move to suspend them,
one or all, and to suspend them for any purpose
the House sees fit. The gentleman from Georgia
has moved, inasmuch as those two bills are in pari
materia, and have happened, by some mistake or
inadvertence, to be committed where they ought
not to have been committed, that the rules be sus-
pended, in order to correct that mistake, and bring
those bills before the House, that the House may
take them up separately, pass upon them, and
adopt or reject them. The gentlemen from Ohio
and Alabama have utterly failed to show that there
is any limitation to the power of the House to
suspend the rules for this purpose; and no injury
or piejudice whatever can result from this course.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let mc ask the gentleman
a question. He says that when these bills are
brought before the House they must be acted on
separately.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Certainly.
Mr, HOUSTON. According to the argument
of the gentleman fiom Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,]
as well as the argument of the gentleman himself,
that rule is as much suspended as any other. If
you can suspend the rules to bring the bills up,
why cannot you suspend the rules to pass them
together11
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That is not
the question before the House. The proposition
of the gentleman from Georgia is, to suspend the
rules for the purpose of bringing the bills into
the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. But that is the point made
by my fnenu from Georgia.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. That is not
the proposition before the House. The motion
of the gentleman from Geoi^ia is for the suspen-
sion of the rules to enable him to move that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union he discharged from the further consider-
ation of these two hills. They happen to stand
together by mistake; and, sir, you have already
stated, as one of the reasons of your decision, that
when the committee shall have been dischaiged,
you will hold that, unless the House shall go
further, and move to suspend another iule, these
questions shall be decided separately. In that
case, and in execution of tiiis pi opusition as made
by the gentleman fiom Georgia, no inquiry can
arise. It is the experience of every week of the
session, that we suspend the rules involving this
principle. It was but the other day that the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Kelsey] proposed
to suspend the rules in a matter having applica-
tion to the whole Private Calendar. That prop-
osition involved every one of the bills upon that
Calendar; and, of course, more than is embraced
in the proposition of the gentleman from Georgia.
He moved that the House should proceed to the
consideration of the bills upon the Private Calen-
dar: and that they be subject only to a discussion
of five minutes for,and five minutes against, each:
and that then, on that discussion, they should be
reported to the House with the lecommenddtion
that they do or do not pass. There are precedents
that we have followed since the foundation of the
House of Representatives that nuolve this very
principle. Two weeks ago, I am informal that
the rules were suspended f< r an entile day. There
is no limitation, therefore, to the power of the
House to suspend us own rules.
Mi. STANTON. Docs the gentleman hold
that it is in o! der to move a general suspension of
the rules for a d.'y ?
Mr. W ASHBURN, ofMame. I have no doubt
that the House may dispense with the rules for a
whole day, or for the session, and then act under
the general parliamentary law. t have no ques-
tion about that.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. It does appear to
me that there is moie involved m this question
than a meie question of rules. I think, sir, that
there is a question of constitutionality involved.
The Constitution secures to one fifth of the mem-
bers of this House, who may be present, the right
to have their votes recorded upon the Journal on
any question. Heie, then, are two questions
presented at once, and how can we have the votes
of the House recorded upon each one of them; I
nrnrht be m favor of suspending the iules for one
of them, and against suspending the rules for the
other.
A Member. How about the appropriation
bills?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. An appropriation
bill, though it may contain a thousand items,'is,
on its passage, but one question.& Here are two
questions, and I contend that, under the Consti-
tution, I have a right to vote on each one of them.
If one fifth of the members present agree with
me, we have the right to have a vote on each one
entered upon the Journal. If the House can en-
I tertain this motion, T take it that it can'take every
! appropriation bill before it, and,upon a suspen-
' sion of the rules, put them upon their passage—
pass every one of them, sir, by a solitary vote,
Mr. SEWARD. Will the gentleman let me
ask lum a question? Have we not passed private
bills here thirty and forty at a time?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. That was by
unanimous consent of the House.
•Mr. SEWARD. Two thirds is all that is re-
quired to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The Constitution
requires that, if one fifth of the members present
desire it, the vote upon each question shall be
recorded upon the Journal.
A Member. Each by itself?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I think so. I think
that this, if not one of the most important ques-
tions we have had here during the present ses-
sion, is certainly a<5 important as any other. I
have no doubt, if this precedent be established,
that the time will come, when there may be com-
binations formed by putting bills enough together
to get the committee discharged, and put them
upon their passage. If the Chair adheres to the
decision, and the House shall sustain it, 1 shall
then ask that the question be divided, and that
the vote be taken fust upon suspending the rules
for one bill, and then for the other. The rules
give me that right.
Mr. KELSEY. During the last Congress a
case almost in point was passed upon by the
House. I recollect asking leave to make a mo-
tion to take three private bills fiom the Speaker's
table, and then moving to suspend the rules for
that purpose, and it was done. There was ob-
jection made, and I think theie was a vote of the
House on the proposition. I can see no differ-
ence between suspending the rules to take bills
from the Speaker's table and suspending the rules
to discharge the committee, take them from the
Piivate Calendar, and put them upon their pas-
sage. InthateasethebiUswerepassed separately,
and I presume that such will be the course pur-
sued in this case. And now, for the purpose of
getting along with the business of th'e House,
I will move that the appeal be laid upon the
table.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from New
York will look to the cases lie has referred to, he
will find, 1 think, that the bills were taken up by
unanimous consent. 1 have looked over them,
and I have found that every one of them was ta-
ken up by unanimous consent, and not by a sus-
pension of the iules by a two-thirds vote.
Mr. KELSEY. My recollection is, that there
was a suspension of the rules.
Mr GARTRELL. I had no expectation when
I submitted the motion I did, that my proposi-
tion would give rise to a piotiaeted debate. I
certainly had no wish to embarrass the House or
the Speaker, or to raise a new point, for we have
enough questions hero already, without raising
ii"W ones. I will therefore modify my request,
and ask the unanimous consent of the House
that the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the Senate resolution (No. 48) for the
payment of an unexpended balance to the State
of'Georgia, on account of miiitia services.
The Resolution was read. It directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to apply the unexpended
balance of the amount appropriated by the act of
August II, 1849, entitled " An act to provide for
the settlement of the claims of the State of Geor-
gia for the services of her militia,'' to the repay-
ment to said State of any amount which she has
paid to her militia, mentioned m said act, kmico
the date of its passage.
Mr. HARLAN. Is that motion amendable r
The SPEAKER. It not.
Mr. HARLAN. I object.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move, then, to suspend
the rules for the purpose I have indicated.
