1S59.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
345
35th Cong....2d Sess.
A Protective Tariff—Mr. Granger.
Ho. op Reps.
Articles of the same description, of an inferior
quality, pay the same duty as more valuable arti-
cles. Nothing in taxation can be imagined more
unjust than this, under the operation of which the
poor are taxed far higher than the rich. It is on
the principle of the celebrated window tax in Eng-
land, which, commencing with a certain amount
for each window in a house, began to diminish
the rate as soon as the number of windows got
beyond the number of windows in the houses of
the poor and middle clas&s; so that the tax felt
lightest on the palaces of the nobility, bat with
full force on the cottages of the poor. That such
an unjust device of taxation as specific duties, dis-
criminating against the poor and in favor of the
rich, should find advocates in this country, seems
indeed surprising. It only shows to what extent
the spirit of monopoly will carry its votaries.
Mr. Ciay, who, I imagine, will be good au-
thority on this subject with gentlemen of the
protective school, said, in the Senate, March 1,
1842:
" What are the other principles of the act? [Compromise
act.] Fir&t, there is a principle that a fixed ad valorem
duty shall prevail, and be in force at all tunes. For one, 1
nui willing kj abide by that principle. There are certain
vagne notion- afloat as to the utility and necessity of specific
duties and discrimination?, which 1 am persuaded aiise
from the want of a correct understanding of the subject.
We have had the ad valorem principle practically in loice
ever since the compromise act was passed; and there has
been no difficulty in administering the duties of the Treas-
uiy on that principle.
Compaie the system of specific and the ad valorem sys-
tem of duties, and I maintain that the latter is justly enti-
tled to the pre'feience. I believe that if we adopt a fived
rate, ad valorem, whcicver it can be done, the revenue will
be subjected to fewer frauds than the injustice and frauds
incidentto specific duties. One of the most prolific sources
of the violation of our revenue laws has been, as everybody
knows, the efforts to get goods of a finer quality and higher
value admitted under the lower rate of duty required for
those of a lovvei value."
We have seen the objections to specific duties;
objections which I consider insuperable. Letus
now refer to the ad valorem system, which is now
in operation.
Tne gentleman from Ohio has gone into an
elaborate argument against ad valorems. One of his
principal objections is, that under it frauds are
perpetrated on the revenue by undervaluation.
To this I would reply, that no system of taxation
can be devised by human ingenuity under which
some frauds may not be perpetrated; but the ad
valorem system is as effectually guarded from
fraud as it is possible for any system to be. The
valuation is made by sworn appraisers, familiar
with prices as their specialty, under the stimulus
of self-interest, by forfeiture if undervaluation
exist. The invoice price is sworn to by the im-
porter, who, in case of false swearing, runs the
risk of the forfeiture of his goods, and a criminal
prosecution. Besides this, rival importers are in-
terested to prevent fraudulent valuations, that they
may not be undersold.
If we add to the device of specific duties
another, known under the euphonius term of min-
imums, by which a high artificial value is arbi-
trarily and falsely attached to a particular article, •
we have the most perfcct system imaginable for [
fleecing the people and enriching the monopolists. [
As an illustration of this principle, I would cite ]
the article of cotton shirtings, worth, in England, i
three cents per yard; which, under the tariff of |
1842, were assumed to be worth twenty cents per [
yard, and taxed upon that notoriously false val- :
uation. |
Thus we have the interest ofthe custom-house j
officer, the importer himself, and his rival im- ]
porter, all engaged to prevent undervaluation. It j
would be difficult, it seems to me, to have greater ;
safeguard against fraud. The little likelihood of j
frauds by undervaluation is further manifest by
considering the small gain which accrues to the i
importer by undervaluation. He only saves the ;
amount of the duty on the fraudulently dimin- j
islicd value of the goods. That is to say, if he '
undervalues his goods ten percent, below their
value, when they are subject to twenty per cent.
ad valorem duty, he would only gain $2 out of
eveiy $100 of the value of the goods, equal to
one and seventy hundredths per cent, on the cost
of the goods and the duty; and so on for any de-
gree of undervaluation. The profit is too small
in view of the risks. We may, therefore, safely
assume that no very great amount of fraud is
perpetrated by undervaluation. This cry of
frauds from undervaluation is an old cry of the
manufacturers, who wished additional protection,
and therefore desired a return to specific duties.
This matter of frauds was thoroughly probed by
an executive commission,-^ho reported upon the
subject as far back as the Twenty-Seventh Con-
gress. This report may be found in House Doc-
ument No. 212, for Twenty-Seventh Congress,
second session, page 209. They say:
" In search of these frauds, and the manner m which
they have been or might bo perpetrated, the commissioners
have examined the most intelligent and experienced mer-
chants engaged in the importation of foreign goods and in
domestic manufactuies, both in New Yoik and Boston. Of
their own knowledge, not a single witness called has testi-
fied to any fact vhich established, in any particular case or
any number of cases, the existence of frauds or evasions of
the revenue laxvs. From rumors and various circumstances
relating to the discrepancy in price between importers of
the same description of goods, (some of these selling at a
price far below what could be afforded by others at a rea-
sonable profit,) and speculative opinions, ah agree that
frauds have been practiccd on the revenue at different times
to a considerable extent. They also speak of the devices
by which these frauds have been succcssfuHy perpetrated,
and by winch they may be again ; but, of their own knowl-
edge, they do notfirofess to knoiv anything, resting their opin-
ions entirely on general reputation and "the course of trade
as that existed under their own observation. Many of the
witnesses examined on these points are domestic manufac-
turers, or their agents, or merchants referred to by such
manufacturers, to establish the existence of frauds on the
revenue, m order to place foteign commerce under the most
rigid restrictions, to exclude the foreign fabric for the ben-
efit of domestic goods of the same description. It may,
therefore, be fairly presumed that, if any positive evidence
could be adduced to fix the chargc of fraud on any number
of foreign importers, it would have been, as the door was
thrown open widely by the commissioners to the introduc-
tion of such evidence. None such, however, tons adduced ;
and it is presumed, therefore, that none such existed
In this same report is found a statement from
three experienced appraisers in the New York
custom-house. They say:
" The undersigned, late principal appraisers of the cus-
toms for the port and district of New Yew York, beg leave
to submit the following report, and respectfully solicit that
it may be considered as a part of their testimony :
" From long and careful observations and examinations
of merchandise at the custom-house, they are fully satisfied
that there have been no frauds of any consequence prac-
ticed on the revenue by the undervaluation of cloths and
cas-si meres at their entry.
" Because there lias been, in all English fabrics of that
kind, a great uniformity in value on the invoice prices,
when of similar quality, whether imported by American or
foreign merchants.
" Because most ofthe woolens, particularly the lower and
middling qualities, have not been subjected to duties accord-
ing to invoiced value ; but have, in most eases, been sub-
jected to increased duties through prejudice, caprice, or
false valuation, by those acting as appraisers, who were not
the legal appraisers in the New York custom-house. Be-
cause there has been no motive to undervalue the goods on
invoice, since it was not taken as the criterion of value on
which the duties were to be computed ; and consequently
the merchant on the other side of the water could not con-
sider his invoice as a guide to the duties to be imposed here.
" Because, neither in an official capacity, or otherwise,
have complaints been made of any instances of suspected
undervaluation, either by importers, or by persons engaged
in the manufacture of domestic goods; and had there been
any such undervaluation, the vigilance of rivalry, and the
promptings of interest, would have made the facts known.
" Because, in the sales of cloths and cassimeres, when
thev have been made after seizure, by consent of parties
and without prejudice, they have rarely brought the invoice
cost and charges, even when made under the most favor-
able circumstances; and in a large majority of the cases,
they have not brought to exceed two thirds of the custom-
house valuation. We have confined these remarks to
cloths and cassimeres solely ; because no allegations of
frauds in any other description of merchandise or manufac-
tures have ever been made by the American manufacturers,
fo our knowledge."
This would seem to settle the question; but, as
further corroborative and conclusive testimony,
I would call attention to the statement of our im-
ports from England and France for the last four
years of which we have the official data, taken
from the English and French custom-houses, and
the United States Treasury.
The statement from the Register's Office is:
Statement exhibiting the value of imports from Great Brit-
ain and France for the years 185^, 1&54, 1855, and 1857.
Year ending— Great Britain. France. Total.
Dec. 31, 18j3 $149,151,759 $38,151,569 $187,303,328
'iS54  135,275,549 35,000,411 170,275.960
1855  103,629,411 37,598,161 141,227,572
1857  130,*167,739 49,359,201 179,826,940
Total ..$518,524,458 $160^09,342 ,$678,633,800
F. BIGGER, Register.
Treasury Department,
Register's Office, February 11, 1859.
The imports, as made out in the commerce and
navigation reports, from the statements of the
English and French custom-houses, are:
years. Great Britain. France. Total.
185 3 $130,265,340 $33,455,949 $163,791,382
185 4  146,438,537 35,781,393 182,219,93 
185 5  106,843, ISO 31,609,131 138.152,311
1857  130,803,093 47,793,827 178;595,920
Total $514,050,150 $148,639,293 $662,689,443
This remarkable similarity of results, covering
so many years and such vast amounts, shows
that the cry of fraud is a humbug, got up by cer-
tain manufacturers to force us into a system that
will give them more protection. They are not so
anxious about the Government as they are about
themselves.
Having thus disposed of the objections which
certain manufacturers have always pertinaciously
made against ad valorems, in spite of reason and
evidence, letus briefly consider the advantages it
possesses.
1. Itis perfectly fair. An article is taxed accord-
ing to its value. Cheap articles, consumed by the
poor, pay but little; costly articles, consumed by
the rich, pay in proportion to their value. This
is so just that it recommends itself at once to every
unprejudiced mind.
2. It enables the consumers to know exactly
the amount of tax they pay on any imported ar-
ticle which they use.
3. It is more permanent than specific duties. It
does not increase as the price of imports decreases
as specifics do, but preserves the same propor-
tion all the time.
4. It adjusts itself with wonderful elasticity to
times. When prices are high, which implies
flush times, it collects the most; when prices are
low, which implies hard times, it collects the least;
operating, in this respect, exactly reversely to
specifics.
While we have a tariff, I shall insist on the ad
wtnrcm principle.
1 have much more to say on the general sub-
jects involved in my remarks, but my time will
not now permit me.
A PROTECTIVE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. A. P. GRANGER,
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole oil the
state ofthe Union-
Mr. GRANGER said:
Mr. Chairman: A tariff is a law to tax im-
ported or foreign goods, as they arrive in our
ports, to be sold in our markets. It has, or should
have, two objects—one to raise revenue to pay for
the support of Government; the other to encour-
age domestic manufacture, home industry, or
labor, by taxing the foreign production, while
the American-made article goes free, and thus to
give a preference in our markets to our own peo-
ple.
Both of those objects are attainable in the same
tariff, and are not m the least incompatible or in-
consistent with each other.
The same tariff can greatly encourage the in-
dustry and reward the labor of the country, while
it raises revenue equal to the support of an eco-
nomical administration of Government.
Such a tariff I am and always have been in
favor of.
Mr. Chairman, you can have as much protec-
tion as you want, and as much revenue as is ne-
cessary; and the beauty of the thing is, you can
have them both from the same tariff at the same
time.
Sir, it has been done, once, twice, and it can
be done again.
Sir, if it can be done, is there a member on this
floor that would object?
I trust not. No one, unless he has the King's
money in his pocket.
Mr. Chairman, one fact is worth a dozen argu-
ments. Experience is the best schoolmaster, and
far more instructive than mere theory, and a much
safer guide to follow.
I was distressed to hear, soijie days since, the
