246
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
A Protective Tariff—Mr. Granger.
Ho. of Reps.
honorable gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
son! lead off on the all-important subject of a
tariff, by quoting the long-exploded theories of
free-trade writers. I have been accustomed to
listen to the honorable gentleman as to one from
whom I expected words of wisdom and fidelity.
But on this subject, the one of all others the most
important that can engage our attention at this
time, he is wrong, all wrong, or I am woefully
mistaken. He is at odds with stubborn facts,
and confronted by the entire experience of his
country, and contradicted by the practice and
policy of the principal nations of Europe.
And when he stated that the policy of home
protection was discarded by the most enlightened
nations of Europe, I think he was mistaken in
point of fact. All of the first-rate Powers, with
England at their head, are striving to encourage
and promote their own manufactures.
That policy has placed England in the front
rank of nations. Nay, she is on the right of the
froijt, and leads the column. It is the basis of
her colossal power; and she has never faltered in
hercourse.
She knows, if she leads in manufactures, she
leadsin commerce, in wealth, andinpower. She
is the strongest nation in the world. She is the
richest nation in the world. And she has by far
the greatest commerce of any nation under heaven.
With a debt of $4,000,000,000, she handles it
with perfect ease, and pays her interest easier
than she did when it was but a fourth as large.
She lends to all her silly free-trade customers,
to keep them subservient to her policy. Her
credit is above that of other nations, and she can
borrow at the lowest rate, and at half the interest
of her mistaken but best customer—the United
States, the land for which we legislate.
Her manufactures are her controlling, darling
interest. She guards it with aparent'scare, and
she would as soon scuttle her navy as change her
policy of protecting it. Nearly as small as that
little island of Cuba, she is the workshop of the
world and the counting-house of the nations.
She knows well our condition. She knows we
are in her debt nigh five hundred million dollars.
And who does mot know that he who deeply owes
another is half his slave? Her workshops and
our free-trade policy have reduced us to our pres-
ent deplorable condition, and brought us within
her power.
The repeal of the tariff of 1842 sealed our sub-
mission to England. She knows it; and we are
fast finding it out, to our sorrow.
All the first-rate Powers vie with each other to
copy her example, and encourage and protect
their manufactures as their first and highest inter-
est.
France and Russia, Austria and Prussia, and
every nation that thinks much of itself, (except
the United States,) are determined to manufacture
for themselves, and keep their workshops near,
and board and pay their hands at home.
Sir, I regret to say it, and if the truth did not
drive me to it I would not say it, that by the folly
and persevering obstinacy of the Democratic
party, who, for the misfortune of us all, now rule
tiie realm, the United States is found in compa-
ny with Turkey, Spain, Brazil, and the.Barbary
States, in free-trade subserviency to the manufac-
turing policy of England.
Wherever England has a colony—and they are
legion—and I might almost say, where she has
continents, she compels them to keep their work-
shops and their accounts in England, and bring
their produce and their gold, and take her manu-
factures.
But we, who were once her colonies—then in-
dependent—and now her dependent debtor—cus-
tomer, subject to her policy and surrounded by
her power, are a voluntary cripple to her policy.
It takes a constant stream of gold to pay the
interest we owe her, on debts contracted for Brit-
ish manufactured goods—goods that we should
have made at home.
Millions of dollars a year, nay, monthly, are
paid to her for railroad and other iron, which it
was cruel to deny our own workmen the privilege
to make, and to the injury of all classes of our
people.
In three years we imported four hundred thou-
sand tons of railroad iron, at a cost of $20,000,000,
which should have been made at home, and had
a better article, at a cheaper rate.
Twenty millions paid to our farmers and me-
chanics and laborers, and from them paid out a
dozen times over, would have been felt by every
family in America, and would have brought out of
its hiding place and put in circulation $20,000,000
more.
Sir, it would have raised the value of the farm-
ing lands in this country more than twice twenty
millions, and saved thousands of families from
bankruptcy and want, and have increased the
demand for cotton thousands of bales, and not
unlikely have improved the value of the whole
crop §20,000,000 more. Such is the influence of
a protective tariff, wisely arranged and firmly
adhered to.
Sir, what has Prance done, by encouraging her
manufactures?
By it, she has doubled the value of her farm
lands, and made a first-rate home market for all
her farmers have to sell.
She has one hundred thousand acres planted to
the sugar beet, which makes her independent of
the world for that important article of sugar. The
simple unassuming article of straw—wheat straw
—annually brings more money in France than
the entire cotton crop of all the southern States.
This is the fruit of her manufacturing policy.
This is the work of protection.
Gentlemen seem not to comprehend the mighty
influence and power of protection. It can build
fleets, control nations, and, as is the case in Eng-
land, ride the ocean wave in triumph.
And, greater still, itfeeds and clothes, educates
and elevates, the poor man's child, and dispenses
comfort to the laboring millions with a liberal
hand.
And yet, sir, you hesitate.
Why, sir, besides manufacturing nearly every ar-
ticle she needs, she carries out into the markets of
the world, to compete with England, $370,000,000
worth of her manufactures; and as she is next to
England in manufactures, so she is next to Eng-
land in wealth and power.
But, Mr. Chairman, there is no use of talking.
It is now as in 1839-40. We must suffer more,
before we come to our senses.
Sir, do you know that in 1857 we bought of
England one hundred and seventy-seven million
yards of cotton goods, made of our own cotton,
and paid her a dollar for every dime she gave us
for it, while our own factories were idle, and men,
women, and children, begging for employment?
Jl little better customer than poor subservient Turkey,
who only took one hundred and twenty-three million
yards.
Sir, we pay to England $137,000,000 a year for
manufactured goods, and did you ever consider
that at least fifty million of it goes to the farmers
of England, who feed the workmen ?
Mr. Chairman, $50,000,000 saved to our farm-
ing interest, for beef and pork and mutton and
corn and wheat and oats and buckwheat and pigs
and poultry, eggs, butter, cheese, milk, and pota-
toes, cabbages, and garden vegetables, &c., &c.,
and the §50,000,000 changing hands every week,
would soon pay $500,000,000—an amount suffi-
cient to relieve the whole country.
All this our farmers lose by keeping our work-
shops three thousand miles from home. Here
are facts that our farmers are not invited to listen
to, while they are constantly told, "Don't encour-
age the richmanufacturer at the expense of thefarmer."
Let the farmers of Iowa, Illinois, and Wiscon-
sin, Ohio and Michigan, and Pennsylvania, even,
understand, that in every ton of English railroad
iron, they actually purchase of English farmers
at least thirty-five dollars in beef and pork and
breadstuff's; and then decide who suffers the most
for want of a protective tariff, the manufacturers
or the farmers. Why, sir, most clearly, the farmers.
Yes, Pennsylvania, who has been fooled and
robbed by Polk, Dallas, and the tariff of 1842.
Polk, Dallas, and the tariff of 1842, in Pennsyl-
vania, and 54° 40' or light, at the South, were the
Democratic false lights that deceived the people,
and led the nation into this dilemma.
Here let me advertise some of the mischievous
falsehoods that are continually promulgated by
the enemies of home protection, to prejudice an
honest community against their own bestinterests;
and one is, that to encourage the manufacturer,
it must be done at the expense of the farmer.
An absolute falsehood ! - The farmer gains more
by it than does the manufacturer himself. In all
manufacturing countries, the farmer is sure to
thrive.
He feeds all parties, and of course has a good
home market for all he has to sell; and a home
market is the best of all markets. Why, sir,
during the times of the protective tariff of 1842,
when our manufacturing interest saw its best
days, the State of Massachusetts alone purchased
and consumed more western flour than all the
world besides. This is a fact, sir, to be thought
of by the farmers, when they are told, "Don't
encourage the rich manufacturer at the expense of the
farmer."
Suppose, sir, there was a manufacturing village
in every county: what, think you, would be the
effect on the farming interest? Why, sir, it
would double the value of their lands. Let me
tell you, sir, that he who tries to excite a preju-
dice or jealousy between the farming and manu-
facturing interest is an enemy to both.
Then, again, it is continually said that a pro-
tective tariff raises the price to the consumer. Noth-
ing more false ! Nineteen articles out of twenty
for the last fifty years have fallen in price on pro-
tection.
Jtd valorem instead of specific duties are clung
to by the foes of protection. Sir, ad valorem is a
humbug and a cheat to everybody but the British
merchant.
And here, in this connection, let me state an-
other fact, that we gaveup to Grreat Britain, with-
out a murmur, six degrees of latitude south of 540
40', and Vancouver's Island, south of that, and
the free navigation of the Columbia river south
of that.
This valuable strip of land between 49° and 54°
40' of north latitude, on which are the Fraser
river gold mines, is the very land on which Eng-
land, our great rival, is now building her railroad
across the continent to the Pacific ocean.
Sir, several hundred miles of this road is done
already, and on the route across the St. Lawrence,
at Montreal, they have built the most magnificent
bridge in the world, and are now surveying west
of Lake Superior, while our Democratic rulers
are contending about the route, and have done
nothing but merely import the dromedaries to tra-
verse the sandy deserts of the southern route.
This, sir, is the very strip of land which Pres-
ident Polk said, in his message, " we had an un-
doubted right to,"and theunterrified Democracy
swore they would have it or Jight. This is another
fact, sir.
Sir, was this the work of British gold ?
Sir, England manufactures $180,000,000 worth
of woolen goods in a year,and France $200,000,000;
while we, it is said, have nota broadcloth mill in
motion.
Perhaps not one Representative in this Hall is
clad in American broadcloth; and still we use
more woolen good s than France or England either.
Sir, here is one fact that we may well be proud
of. We sent to the World's Fair, in England, a
piece of broadcloth that took the premium, and
was adjudged to be the best piece of broadcloth in
the world, and was made by John Lang, of Vas-
salborough, Maine.
It is not a matter of pride to me, that the rags
and remnants of foreign cloths are picked up here
at a cent a pound, transported across the water,
worked over and reproduced, and sold^ack to us
again.
How many times the costly coats of free-trade
gentlemen have been through the English mills,
is not easy to determine. If some of them have
more than once, I would not wonder.
Mr. Chairman, we ought not to import a yard
of cotton or woolen goods, nor a ton of iron, nor
a bushel of salt; and had the tariff of 1842 been
let alone, we would have been independent of the
world by this time, for those controlling articles.
Those articles alone, and we would have been
out of debt to Europe this day, and this country
8100,000,000 richer than it now is. We have
land enough now useless to raise the wool to
make all the cloth we need.
We might work up all, or nearly all, the cot-
ton crop, and secure it a steady and a better mar-
