1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
247
35th Cong....2d Sess.
A. Protective Tariff—Mr. Granger.
Ho. op Reps.
ket. We have the best of ore and coal in all di-
rections, and furnaces ready built to make the
iron, and we have strong sait springs in nearly
every State and Territory, and we can make salt
cheap—an article—a necessary article—an article of
food used by every family, every day > and nearly every
meal. To be dependent for it on foreigners, and
on the fluctuations of peace and war is simply
absurd. Sir, we should he as independent of for-
eign nations for salt as powder.
The tariff of 1842 increased the manufacture of
iron from two hundred thousand to eight hundred
thousand tons, an increase of six hundred thou-
sand tons. The six hundred thousand tons of iron
gave new employment, direct and indirect, to
hundreds of thousands of men, women, and chil-
dren, every one of which received its share of
comfort; and, all together, they had ten times the
profits of the rich manufacturer who furnished the
capital.
He gets his simple profit, but the money he
pays out for labor is quickly distributed, giving
aid and comfoi t as it goes to all around, while the
farmer, who feeds them all, comes in for the lion's
share.
So the rich manufacturer, as he is mischievously
called, furnishes the money for them all to live
on.
Why protect the manufacturer at the expense
of the consumer? This free-trade bugbear is
simply ridiculous. Competition in this country
is always a sure protection against monopoly.
Sir, $50,000 paid to build a furnace, to open a
mine, and work them for a year, give ten times
the profits to the surrounding country that the
owner gets. Why, sir, the money goes to the
merchant, the miller, the blacksmith, the house-
builder, the house-renter, the hatter, the cobbler,
the tinker, and the tailor, the schoolmaster, the
wood-sawyer, and the washerwoman, &c., every
one of which gets more benefit from the rich man-
vfacturer's capital, in proportion, than he does
himself.
And now how is it with the farmer, who has
so often been told, I)onH ericourage the rich manu-
facturer at the expense of the farmer.
How is it with him away back in Pennsylva-
nia? Why, sir, he has a market at his own
door, and a better price than he could get in Phila-
delphia. And more than that, sir, one half of
his aiticlcs would not bear transportation to a
distant market—his pigs and his poultry, his po-
tatoes, his cabbage, his hay, and fire-wood. And
every hour's work done by the family or the
the team, is cash in hand; and even his milk would
fetch him equal to butter at four shillings apound,
without churning.
And then, suppose he wants to sell his farm of
one hundred and fifty acres: he can do it for the
cash at fifty dollars an acre, $>7,500, instead of fif-
teen dollais an acre, £2,250.
Now, Mi. Farmer, of Pennsylvania, see that
you aie humbugged, and vote a Jree-trade Demo-
cratic ticket, and be sure to vote for a Congress-
man that will take care not to encourage the rich
manufacturer at the expense of the farmer, but keep
him out of your neighborhood if possible.
Another thing the farmers of Pennsylvania may
as well bear in mind—that Pennsylvania has a
heavy debt, secured on the land, that she never
will and never can pay while the free-trade policy
remains, that Buchanan and the Demociatic party
jria\e been stuffing you with for twelve years
past.
In furtherance of British policy, British gold
was sent here, and a portion of the press of this
country answeied the echo of the London Times.
Influential papers were active on the British side,
and exercised a detrimental influence, especially
in mercantile circles.
An influence has been cultivated in our great
cities unfavorable to home protection and home-
manufactured goods, and the false and mischiev-
ous notion inculcated, that foreign rather than
domestic commerce was profitable to the mercan-
tile interest.
A mighty mistake, and one that has cost the
merchants of New York many million dollars.
Domestic commerce is the safest and the most
reliable.
In the first place, nothing is more certain than
that, under a protective tariff, "when domestic com-
merce is built up, foreign commerce always im-
proves.
Such is the fact, and experience proves it.
Hence the sudden repletion of the Treasury
under the tariffs of 1828and 1842, and the certain
depletion that attends afiee-trade tariff.
Under the influence of free trade, the revulsions
of 1837 to 1842, and 1847 to 1859, bled the mer-
chants of New York to the tune of $20,000,000.
They should stand by the general interests of
their own country, and let Great Britain take care
of herself, and share in its prosperity. But if
they read the Journal of Commerce as their polit-
ical and mercantile liturgy, they must partake of
the fruit of its teaching.
That paper has done more (I do not say it in-
tended it) to enhance British interests in this coun-
try, at the expense of our own, than any other
paper in the world; and that it has not filled its
pockets with British gold, is not because it has
not earned it, but because it would not take it, for
they (the British) always pay liberally for such
services.
When the protective tariff of 1842 was repealed,
and the British free-tariff of 1846 was, by the aid
of British gold, enacted in its stead, " then you
and I, and all of us, fell down, and bloody treason
flourished over us.0
Sir, to this act you may ascribe our present
financial distress. But for the discovery of Cali-
fomiagold, the crush would have come years ago.
That could delay, but not avert.
Two hundred million dollars, dug from our own
mines, have come and gone; and we still owe, for
Biitish manufactured goods, hundreds of millions
of dollars.
The tariff of 18-12 would have saved all. Sir,
we are nigh the bottom of the hill, and still de-
scending; and the puity that is responsible for it
arc yet, m power, reluctant to reform. But now,
as in 1840, the Administration must be changed,
and we must return to the protective policy of
18-8 and 1842
Mr. Chairman, there is no use of argument.
This miserable free-trade policy, which has de-
ranged and prostrated business all over the coun-
try, and beggared the Government, has made
gray heads faster than time itself could do it.
All experience demonstrates the fact that we
cannot prosper, neither can we suppoit oui Gov-
ernment, in any other way than by a return to a
national piotective policy, by which the farming,
manufacturing, mechanical, and laboring inter-
ests of our country shall be protected against for-
eign legislation, foieign intcrfeience, and foreign
competition, in our own markets. I say sir, there
is no other way under heaven to support our
Government, but by a well arranged protective
tan IT.
The war of 1812 operated as a protection against
British manufactuies, and an encouragement to
our ov/n. It gave a first rate home market to the
farmer, and ample employment for labor. Fac-
tories sprung up in evei y direction, and the coun-
try prospered, though at war with England.
Foreign commerce was nearly ruined; but, with
protection and war, we flourished better than we
should have done with free trade and peace.
Peace came, with low duties, and foreign goods
rushed in in great profusion. Our factories went
down, produce and labor fell, and hard Limes and
great distress ptevailed.
The Republican party of that day, the war
party, the responsible party, with Clay and Cal-
houn at its head, turned their attention to a pro-
tective tariff for relief. The tariff of 1824 was
enacted, moderately protective, and it gave some
relief. This led to the higher tariff of 1328, per-
haps the highest tariff we ever had. Its eftect
was duect and sudden; and the consequence of
that tariff was, we stood out before the world the
most prosperous and happy naiion under heaven.
That is a fact, sir, and why disregard it? We
never had been so prosperous before the tariff of
1828 was arranged and perfected by the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, at the head of which was
that distinguished Democratic partisan leader,
Silas Wright.
It gave him a name and an eminence that was
rewarded by an offer of the nomination of Vice
President of the United States; and, had he lived,
would have secured him the highest office in the
gift of the people. In this great national meas-
ure the people concurred, and they were satisfied
with it.
Never was a public measure more completely
successful. Under its influence, we paid all the
expenses of Government without borrowing a
dollar, and paid off the debts of two wars, that of
the Revolution and that of 1812, principal and in-
terest, $100,000,000. Another important fact, sir.
Sir, these are facts not to be unheeded. From
some mysterious cause, the Democratic party be-
came dissatisfied with this state of things. They
cultivated an erroneous public opinion, and de-
ceived thousands of honest, well-meaning men of
all parties, many of whom, to this day, seem to
have a jealousy against a protective policy, al-
though every kind of evidence and all experience
are in its favor.
Mr. Clay, the great advocate and defender o
American interests in peace and in war, did all in
his power to defend it; but by some strange in-
fluence—less understood then than now—he was
overpowered, and made to yield. This Amer-
ican, home-protecting, labor-paying policy, was
the doomed victim of an unholy alliance.
The Democratic party, then in the ascendant,
refused to protect American interests, but left
them to the tender mercies of'Great Britain.
Down went the tariff, and away went the pros-
perity of the whole country, and the comfort and
happiness of the people.
By 1841, a wieck was made of individual and
national prosperity; and both Government and
people overwhelmed in debt. Every branch of
industry, and almost every family and individ-
ual, felt the cruel effect of this wide-spread rcvul~
sion.
The high and the low, the rich and the poor,
felt the shock. The banks were crippled and
closed; and the labming millions—men, women,
and children—reduced to pinching want.
The General Government had neither money
nor credit. In alarm and haste, it dispatched a
runner to Europe for help; but so low was its
credit, that nothing could be had, and he returned
without a dollar in his pocket.
Sir, in profound peace, this Government could
not raise a dollar on its credit, on either side of'
the Atlantic.
A national bankrupt law was found necessary
to lot up and relieve the prostrate enterprise of
; the country, that now lay helpless before this all-
! pervading calamity.
' Sir. the pecuniary distress was so severe, and
' its cause so apparent and so clearly chargeable
■ to the Democratic party, that the people rose en
; masse to redress their wiongs. Geneial Harrison
| was elected, and the Wings came into power.
. An enliie change of policy took place. A protec-
; tivc tariff was enacted, and the policy or home
protection was legalized by the tariff of 1842. The
; day the news icached England, Government
, credit was resuscitated at once, and we could bor-
] row on our own terms. Nay, we had no occa-
• sion to borrow, for commerce revived, and the
i Treasury was no longer empty.
| Sir, there never was a country so prosperous
i and happy as was this while under the influence
of the tariff of 1842. The people saw and felt it.
, Now, again, as in 1828, the man who was fore-
most, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
1 and Means, (Mr. Fillmore,) who arranged and
' reported to the House the protective tariff bill of
1 1812, was honoied with the confidence and grati-
tude of the nation, and he did live to receive its
highest honors.
Piospeiity made the people careless; and the
old offender, the Democratic party, with its free-trade
propensities, wormed itself once more into power,
and, in the face of all experience, without any
ostensible reason, repealed the invaluable protect-
tive tariff of 1842 and substituted in its place the
British free-trade tariff of 1846. •
Mr. Chairman, if we had given our bonds for
, $1,000,000,000, conditioned that the tariff of 1842
should not be disturbed for thirty years, it would
have been a saving ordinance. Sir, the laboring
men of this country could have paid its interest
by a poll-tax, and made well by it—true as a
' book.
Sir, heie are facts that ought not to be un-
' heeded—facts that are worth more than all the
