B48
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24-,
33rft C6M18....2D SESS.
Slave Trade Laws—Mr. Seward.
Ho. or Rets.
false theories flifct British advocates, here or else-
where, eVer did, or ever will, promulgate.
Sir, it is madness longer to shut our eves and
ears ag&irrat such facts as these. This fell calam-
ity tvrts the pgkesti&rf consequence of tire foolish
.and ancaded-foir cfiatige of a protective for a free-
trade tariff—from Antericaft to British policy.
Sir, why Ms this mischief done ? It was Brit-
ish influence, tWoogh goti. Gold Is the potent
power by which England works, unseen, and
Sways otrr legislation for her benefit; a power by
which she holds the check-rein of the nations; a
power by Which she beat the great Napoleon, in
a twenty years' strife, and chained him to a Sea-
girt rock, and left him there to die.
I do not mean that gold bought votes direct, in
open day; but I do mean that presses and politi-
cians, and traders of various sorts, combined to
create aft influence, a public opinion, in favor of
free trade and English interests, that political par-
ties found it to their interest to cultivate and fol-
low.
How else can it be told why a policy to us so
hostile, and so favorable to the darling policy of
England should get possession of our councils ?
So eager waS England to interfere, and sway our
elections, that her gold and press came promptly
to the aid of her ally, the Democratic party, and
the best interests of the country fell before their
united efforts.
Here are extracts from English papers:
" The triumph of the candidate of the Democratic party,
t brought forivard by the men of the South, will secure, prob-
ably forever, the ascendancy of liberal commercial principles ;
una, if Lord Derby should be disposed next year to take the
American tariff for his model, we have little doubt that it
will serve to remove the last illusions of the protective sys-
tem from his mind. In this respect, and on this point, we
take General Picrce to be a fair representative of the opin
ions of Mr. Calhoun, and, as such, a valuable practical ally
to the commercial policy of this country."—London Times.
" We arp without information as to the views of General
Pearce on the subject of cooperation witli England; but we
cannot say that we feel any apprehension on the point; and
we shall await the final election, not without a share in the
confidence of many American friends that it will result
well."—London Leader.
" As regards England, public sympathy, it is needless to
say, is enlisted in favor of the Democratic candidate. Not
that General Pierce is considered the betterinan. Farother-
wise. He is merely accepted as the nominee of the gioat
party in the Union who desire to push tlx1 pnneiple of iree
Hade to its Utmost limits."— Wilmer 4" Smithes Liverpool
Times.
" The election of General Pierce will (it any rate prove
that the Democratic majority, whatever may be iht'jr other
differences, are unanimous in their testimony on behalf of
u liberal commercial policy ; and any Government he may
form will be one on which this may ? clyjor etfcitunl coop-
eration in reducing, wherever practicable, existing impedi-
menta to international intercourse."—Manchester Exami-
ner.
" The two parties of the Republic, Whig and Democrat
—that ia, conservative and progressive, piotectionist and
ficc trade-—appear to have marshaled their forces and se-
lected their candidates for the coming election. Evei-y
Englishman, of almost every elans, rejoices in the expecta-
tion of success for Ihc Democratic, free-trade party."—Lon-
don Dispatch.
No wonder that we have sent $228,000,000 of
specie to Europe in eight years, when becoming
so dependent upon the Old World for so much of
what we eat, drink, put on, and use. Messrs. J.
H. Lippincott& Co., of Philadelphia, have just
published List's System of Political Economy,
edited by Stephen Colwell, from which we learn
that, in 1844, $500,000 cash were subscribed in
England, to be expended in circulating free-trade
tracts in foreign countries, a large share of which
was for our benefit.
(i We give the names and addresses of some of tlte parties,
and the amounts they subset ibed:
Abraham Lees, Manchester    $100
II. Lees & Brothers, Manchester  200
J. & N. Phillips & Co., Manchester  2,500
Alfred Bingen    1,000
WiHiam Walker    3,000
Alfred Orrel, Manchester  1,000
George Foster, Manchester .  1,000
Others in Manchester   10,000
The Lord Provost, Glasgow  500
A. 8t J. Dennistoun, Glasgow    1,000
Charles Tennant & Co., Glasgow  1,000
William Dixon, Glasgow  1,000
Samuel Higginboth, Glasgow    1,000
Dunlop, Wilson & Co., Glasgow  1,000
Others in Glasgow to the amount of over 11,000
Marshall & Co., Leeds  2,500
Others in Leeds.   9,000
Ackroy & Sons, Halifax  1,000
Others in Halifax  5,500
The London Times remarked that—
" A subscription was opened to raise funds to circulate
free-trade tracts in foreign countries. About four hundred
and fifty thousand dollars were subscribed. Some of these
tracts are to be printed in New York, for circulation in the
United States."
I submit this without note or comment. Let
the country judge.
Mr. Chairman, a thousand times lias the decep-
tive heresy been repeated, that the duty on the
imported article raised the price, and come out of
the pocket of the consumer. A plausible argument
against protection, but it is untrue in point of fact.
The experience of the last fifty years proves,
almost universally, that the revenue from a pro-
tective tariff comes out of the foreign manufac-
turer, and reduces the cost to the consumer.
Since my remembrance, our common cotton
shirtings and sheetings were imported from India,
and were called hum-hums—a light and slazy
article, remarkably so—and sold at from twenty-
five to fifty cents a yard.
I am within bounds when I say, that one yard
of our eight-cent sheetings will weigh four times
as much, and wear four times as long as the hum-
hums.
1 know, for I have worn them, and have sold
thousands of pieces of them.
This great improvement, this vast saving,
reached the pockets of the masses, and was the
fruit of the protective policy. I remember when
we imported cut nails at thirteen cents a pound.
A specific duty of five cents a pound was imposed
by the tariff of 1828, which, according to free-
trade logic, added to the thirteen, would make
eighteen cents the pound to the consumer.
Now, what is the fact ?
The high protective duty in favor of the Amer-
ican nail waked up Yankee ingenuity; and up
went the mills, and down went the price—down,
down on that all-important article, used almost
every day, by almost everybody, to ten, seven,
and finally to four or five cents a pound at retail,
where it now is.
So with woolen goods, screws, hats, edge tools,
glass, and pins, and a hundred other items of im-
ported goods that we have tariffed. Sir, these*are
facts incontrovertible.
Never was a more statesmanlike sentiment ut-
tered than fell from the lips of General Jackson
when he said, " plant your manufactories by the
side of your farms, and you cover your countiy
with blessings."
Sir, that this noble sentiment should so soon be
repudiated by the party which once were proud to
call themselves the " Jackson party," is passing
strange, but no more strange than true.
Gentlemen of the Administration party, you
have twice struck down the prosperity of the
country. Once, by the overthrow of the protec-
tive policy of the tariff of 1828.
Under that tariff we were in a high state of pros-
perity. Foreign commerce filled the Treasury to
overflowing, while all was life and prosperity at
home.
But you would have your own way; and from
1837 to 1841 your free-trade policy had done
what you were told it would do—bring universal
distress throughout the land.
You were justly held responsible for it, and the
people rose in their might, and your party was
dismissed as unworthy of confidence.
We got back to the protective policy again, and
enacted the tariff of 1842. It worked like a charm,
and set all things to rights again.
But the moment you recovered power, as if the
evil one possessed you, the first thing you did was
to repeal the tariff of 1842, and plunge the coun-
try from the highest pitch of prosperity down to
the lowest depths of adversity.
This is the second time. This is the second
offense. And you ought now to go for during life.
It is the second time the Democratic party has
all but luined the country. Here you have us
now again in deep pecuniary distress all over the
country. You must see it, and you must know
it; and still you refuse to slack sail and take a
reckoning, but are madly bent to set all sail and
defy the storm.
I wish I could persuade the ruling party to re-
trace their steps and change their course, and
relieve the country. I know it would redound to
their fame and power; but still, as I love my coun-
try more than 1 hate them, I would persuade them
to do it, if I could.
Gentlemen of the Administration party, you
hive the numbers send the power to relieve the
country, if you chooSe to do it. You have facts
a:nd experience to guide you; and I most sincerely
and respectfully ask you to do it. Do it for the
saKe of yotjr cfSuntfy. Do it for the sake of your
party, and take the creditof it. It would covert
multitude of sins. Doit now; for it is riow or
never, with you. Do it, and you might, perhaps,
right up again, and keep afloat a little longer.
But if you do not do it, the people, without dis-
tinction of party, will hurl you from power, with
the same unanimity that they did in the memor-
able contest of 2840.
SLAVE TRADE LAWS.
SPEECH OF HON. J. L. SEWARD,
OF GEORGIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. SEWARD said;
Mr. Chairman: I desire to offer some remarks
in regard to the laws prohibiting the slave trade;
believing, as I do, that these laws are unconsti-
tutional and void, and a reproach upon the whole
system of slavery.
To repeal these laws would only be carrying
out the doctrine of non-intervention by the Gov-
ernment, and leaving the States to regulate the
entire question of slavery for themselves.
Now, let us consider this matter as a question
of power under the Constitution, and see whether
Congress has the power to declare the slave trade
piracy.
The Constitution of the United States not only
tolerated the African slave trade, but an absolute
prohibition was put upon Congress for twenty
years, and the taxing power of the Government
was limited so that the capitation tax or duty upon
each person should not exceed ten dollars.
The ninth section of the first article of the Con-
stitution, dec&res that—
" ilia migration or importation of such persons as any of
the States now existing shall think proper to admit, shall
not be |Hohibitfd by Congress, prior to the year 1808; but a
tax, or duty, may be imposed on such importation, not ex-
ceeding ten dofldrs for each person."
The Constitution, so far from prohibiting the
slave trade, put a restraint upon Congress not to
prevent the importation of slaves, and forbid a
greater tax than ten dollars per head. The for-
eign slave trade was legitimate commerce, which
the Government regarded as a means from which
revenue might be derived for its support.
The language of the Constitution is peculiar:
" Shall not be prohibited by Congress, prior to
1808." If the language had been, " until after
1808," then scarcely a pretext could be set up in
favor of (he exercise of the right now asserted, to
prohibit the importation, and make it a penal of-
fense.
For a proper understanding of the Constitu-
tion, we must look to the whole instrument to see
whether Congress could declare the importation
of slaves piracy, as defined in the act of 1820. At
the time of the adoption of the Constitution, the
importation of Africans could not have been made
piracy, because this trade was protected and se-
cured to the then existing States. The eighth sec-
tion, first article, of the Constitution gives Con-
gress the power " to define and punish piracies
and felonies committed on the high seas, and of-
fenses against the law of nations." The slave
trade could not have been piracy when this power
was delegated to define this offense, because, by
the same article of the Constitution, Congress was
forbid to interfere with the slave trade, and hence
could not have contemplated thatCongiess, under
the power to define and punish piracies, could de-
clare the importation of slaves to be piracy, as
such a power would be utterly repugnant to th'e
restraint which the Constitution puts upon Con-
gress to interfere with the importation of slaves.
When the Constitution was adopted, the right to
import slaves remained with the States. This
cannot be denied. When did they part with this
J right? When did they delegate th'e power to tffS
