870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
had no opportunity of presenting its report. I
now state to the House, however,that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands has agreed on this report,
and has come to the conclusion that these clerks
are entirelyunnecessary. There is adraughtsman
at a compensation of $2,160, and there are four
eleiks at a compensation of §1,800 apiccc. At the
last session four clcrks were stricken off. There
had formerly been eight, and one draughtsman.
The force now consists of one draughtsman and
four clerks. This amendment proposes to strike
out the whole.
Mr. WALBRIDGE I will ask the gentleman
from North Carolina, if it is proposed now to
abandon the construction of these maps entirely ?
Mr. RUFFIN. That is my understanding.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Is that the proposition
of the Committee on Public Lands?
Mr. RUFFIN. Yes, sir. These maps are con-
sidered to be of no possible use, as the maps are
made up. The fact is, that since I have been on
the Committee on Public Lands, I have seen no
occasion fortheiruse. They have not been worth
a cent to the committee.
These land-map clerks never were authorized to
extend their labors into theTerritories; and during
the present session, in relation to donations for
railroads, we have only considered the matter so
far as it lelated to theTerritowes; and, of course,
we get no light from these maps.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. With the permission of my
friend from North Carolina, I send to the Clerk's
desk a statement from the Clerk of the House of
the cost of maintaining these clerks for the last
several years. 1 do not propose to make any
remarks in relation to it. I discussed it last ses-
sion .
The statement was read, as follows:
Officii House of Rci'Resi-.ntativls United States,
iW,-, itun/ 18.",9.
Sir: In reply to your inquny relative to the amount oi'
money paid loi ?-eivice on "land map-,'' under the resolution
oi the* iloiii-e oi 'Uh May. 1848, i have to Male. that liie total
amount paid. one handled ami twenty eiyht thousand
live bundled and toity eijjht dollar and twenty two cents.
($128,oiS 50) to tin* date, a* pel schedule heiovv.
Very re^ieettully, J. L\ ALI,E\\
I'lerk of the House oj Representatives.
lion. JoriN McQeer n,
} louse of Representatives United State,*.
JjS'iO.
! iv>0
\K)>
lf.Vi.
i y ">G
1KY7
m$ 
lb)U, (JaniMi
5231
s 190
,')()!)
.U.nl
oo;j
.5(>0
fri-y.'-is 02
Mr. RUFFIN. I I hmlc this is a very good place i
to commence reform; and 1 hone wo Mial! strike |
out the appropriation for these land-map ch'tks.
Mr. WALBiU DG E. 1 a&k the gentleman if'
he proposes to le.scind the u solution of tin* House
autlsoi iztoic the employment of these cleiks?
Mr. RUFFIN. Yos} sir; the Commute^ on ■
Public Land.* have instructed their eha.ii man to
repoit a resolution to (hat effect.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Then Huppoae the gen-
tleman modifies his amendment so as to provide '
for rescinding that resolution: then We may act
understandnigly on the subject. ,
Mi. R UK FIN I suppose it will not be in order '
to rnako that motion here?
Mi WALHRIDGE. X understand that the
Committee <m Public Lands will ptobal-lv not be >
cailed dining th'.* piesent session, and will there- ;
for" haw no opoot tunny to ptesent the tesolution 1
which the geii'Ieman says they are ready to re- i
port. Then, under that lesolution of the House, ;
if you strike out this appropriation and these ■
clerks are not appointed by the Clerk of the House, 1
the busnuss will go on under the direction and
superintendence of the Secirtary of the Interior;
then the Cleik of the next House of Representa-
tives will have nothing to do with the appointment
of these cleiks; and feaiing that the next House |
of Representatives will be darker in complexion
than the present, some gentlemen may be very
glad to take away tins patronage from the Clerk. '
That, as 1 understand it, is the whole secret of ,
the movement.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to say a few words
in reply to the gentleman from Michigan, who
has just taken his seat; and I will answer the lat-
ter part of lus speech first. The gentleman, I be-
lieve, has been a member of the Thirty-Fourth
and Thirty-Fifth Congresses.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Does the gentleman
rise to oppose the amendment?
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman will keep
quiet until he hears what I have to say, he will
sec whether I oppose the amendment or not.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. 1 rise to a question
of order. Has the time of the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Ruffin] expired?
The CHAIRMAN. It has.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Then I submit that
the gentleman from Kentucky hat? no right to the
floor, unless he speaks in opposition to the amend- !
mem of the gentlemen from North Carolina. I
shall object to his making a speech upon the same
side of t he question.
Mr. BURNETT. I understand that the gen-
tleman from North Carolina modified his propo-
sition so as to rescind the resolution orlaw under
which these land-map clerks were appointed.
Mr. RUFFIN. I did not; but I am willing to
make that modification, if the Chair will decide
that it is in order.
Mr. BURNETT. I take it that it-is in order
to offer it as an amendment to the amendment,
and I make that proposition.
The CHAIRMAN. Thatamendment will not
be in order at the present time.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire to oppose
the amendment of thegentleman from North Car-
olina, simply for the purpose of making an expla-
nation to the committee. At the last session of
Congress this subject was under consideration in
tins House. A reduction was made in the num-
ber of these land-map clerks, but the House con-
sented to make an appropriation similar to the
one which we have reported in this bill. Not hav-
ing hoard from the Committee on Public Lands,
we concluded to recommend the same appropria-
tion for the ensuing fiscal year; but the Commit-
tee on Public Lands now say that this appropri-
ation can be dispensed with. I have no further
opposition to make to the amendmentof the gen-
tleman from North Carolina.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 now propose to amend the
amendment of the gentleman fiom North Caro-
lina, by adding that the resolution of the House
authorizing the appointment of these clerks by
the Cleik of the House, is repealed. I hope no
gentleman wtli raise a question of order on it.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. That is precisely what
I supposed the gentleman wished to accomplish,
and 1 laise the question of order that the amend-
ment is not m order. It will accomplish no other
object than to tiansfer these clerks to the Land '
Ouiee. . I
Mr. BURNETT. My object is not only to I
dispense with the cleiks, but to transfer this whole j
subject to the I.,and Office. i
Mr. WALBRIDGE. That is what I supposed; '
and I make the point of order that * it is not in i
oider. j
The amendment wns read, as follows: I
And that tin; re-ol'itmn nf the House of Representative-?, '
aniliot \7.\wi me Cl< i k o! iiie Ilou^e to appoint saieh draughts- j
men and cletk-, be, and tliu >:une is hereby, repealed." |
The CHAIRMAN. It has been the uniform i
practice of the House not to allow legislation m j
approm i.ttion bills. The Chair decides that this 1
amendment; would be legislation, and therefore |
rulevS it out of oi dcr. !
Mr. BURNETT. I move to amend the amend- |
rnent of the gentkman from North Carolina by :
increasing the amount one dollar. The s^ntle- j
man from Michigan, [Mr. Walbridge,] in the i
latter part of his remarks, said that this was a ]
movement founded upon the probability that the ;
next Clerk of the House of Representatives may '
be of a little darker complexion than the present j
Clerk. The gentleman ought to have known that \
it was the effort of gentlemen upon this side of !
the House to get nd of these clerks, not only i
dming the last session of Congress, but during
the Thirty-Fourth Congress; and that no such i
motive could have operated upon gentlemen here !
in the present movement to get rid of this evil. |
Mr. WALBRIDGE. If it has been the effort ,
of that side of the House to dispense with these ,
chnks, why have you not done it, as you have i
had the majority for two sessions ? i
Mr. BURNETT. For the very reason that the
gentlemen upon that side of the House have op-
posed the amendment, aided by a few gentlemen
upon this side of the House. Gentlemen upon
that side of the House, supported by a few upon
this side, have continued this appropriation.
Why is this question of order made upon my
previous amendment? I ask gentlemen, why not
get rid of this evil at once? Why not let us wipe
out the whole thing, without further legislation ?
The Committee on Public Lands, we are in-
formed, have directed the reporting of a bill to
repeal the law in existence authorizing the con-
tinuing of these clcrks. Now, why shoul'd gen-
tlemen propose to await the action of the Com-
mittee on Public Lands' Why should this re-
form be delayed? The sentiment is universal
that these clerks are unnecessary, and that the
maps are useless; and that the force employed
there has always been more than was needed- for
the labor demanded by the Committee on Public
Lands. During the Thirty-Fourth Congress
there was an employe in that department of the
Clerk's office who drew a salary, but never per-
formed any service whatever.
Mr. MOPtRIS, of Illinois. I am willing to go
as far as the furthest in the matter of retrench-
ment and reform in all the departments of the
Government; but the remarks of the gentleman
from Kentucky have not convinced me that this
is a retrenchment. He informs us that he desires
that this work shall be performed in the General
Land Office.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman does me in-
justice. I made no such statemeut. I said that
my object was to refer the whole question con-
nected with the public lands to the Land Office.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Thifl remark is
tantamount to the one the gentleman made before.
I do not wish to misrepresent the gentleman; but
I ask htm whether he informed this committee
that it was not his intention, and the intention of
those cooperating with him, to increase the force
in the Land Office, to perform this work, and thus*
accomplish, indirectly, an object which could not
be reached directly.
Mr. RUFFIN. So far as I know, and so far
as I have heard, it is not the intention of any
member of the committee that a single one of
those clerks shall be transferred to the Land Office,
The intention is to cut up the whole thing, root
and branch, for it is of no sort of use whatever.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then why talk about
transferring this matter to the Land Department?
for that is the character of the remarks which
were made here at the last session of Congress.
The struggle then was whether these clerks should
be employed under the Clerk of the House, or
whether they should be under the control of the
Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. McGtUEEN. At the last session of Con-
gress, I opposed the whole thing, both in the com-
mittee and in the House, and I never made any
such proposition, or said anything of the sort,
indicating an intention to continue this work in
the public Land Office. It was one of the grounds
upon which I opposed the continued employment
of these clerks, that what had cost us $120 COO
was not worth fifty dollars. One argument I used
was, that the work was not under the control of
the Land Office, and that the cleiks who were
employed under the actof 1848 were not respons-
ible to any party; but I never proposed to trans-
fer the matter to the Land Department, nor do I
now.
While I am up, T will say to the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Walbridge,] who has chaiged
that the Public Land Committee is actuated by the
desire, to strike down this service because the
next Clerk of tins House may be of a blacker
complexion than the present, and they desire to
avoid ins bestowal of patronage, that I repel the
insinuation as a low one, by which the member
lnmself may be actuated in his conduct of legis-
lation; but I have, as one member, never thought
of such consideration in connection with the sub-
ject; and I will say further to him, that whenever
the Clerk of this House shali be a black one, as
the gentleman seems to intimate, there will bo
some members of the committee over whom he
will never have jurisdiction.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would ask the
gentleman from North Carolina, who is a mem-
ber of the Committee on Public Lands, whether
