1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
871
that committee were unanimously in favor of the
resolution of which he spoke, to do away with
these map clerks ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. "With the permission
of the gentleman from Illinois, I will say that
the Committee on Public Lands stood five to four
in favor of that resolution; and that the gentle-
men who are in favor of it, always have voted
and do vote against any appropriation of the pub-
lic lands.
Mr. CLAY. Is this debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Mr. CLAY. Then I must object to it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The inquiry which I
propounded to the gentleman from North Carolina
having already been answered, it is not necessary
for me to repeat it. I had understood that that
committee were divided upon the question of the
propriety of continuing these land clerks. While
I have great respect for the majority of that com-
mittee, they do not, if I am correctly informed,
represent that section of the country where the
public lands lie; and consequently cannot, per-
haps, see the necessity for the use of these maps,
as those can who are more familiar with the sub-
ject, and arc brought into constant contact with it.
We have been told, sir, by the gentleman from
North Carolina, that these clerks are useless; yet
he has not assigned a solitary reason m support
of that declaration.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURNETT, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I move to amend the
amendment, by strikingout<<sixteen"and insert-
ing "nineteen."
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I ask gentlemen to
look at the maps which are displayed from the
desk. By a single glance at the map before us,
members can see the disposition of every acre of
public land in the State of Illinois. There are
similar maps for all the other land States.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. Mr. Chairman, it is a
matter of almost perfect indiffeience to me whether
this work is continued or not. If this immacu-
late Committee on Public Lands—this committee
which seems to understand their business better
than any other committee of this House ever did
—this committee, which seems to know better
what is necessary to enable them to act intel-
ligently than any other Committee on Public
Lands of the House ever did—if this committee, ■
I say, is disposed to abolish this work,then I have
nothing to say, for I care nothing about it. But '
this I do protest against: I protest against their
coming here and, under the plea of stopping the
execution of these maps, transferring this work
from this House to the control of the Department
of the Interior or the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Offi ce.
Mr. McGtUEEN. I do not wish that.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I protest against that.
Whether the Clerk of the next House will be
black or white, streaked or speckled, it matters
not. Gentlemen do not want to trust to the
chances of the next Congress, but desire to throw
additional patronage into the Interior Department.
I do not think that they are more or less than
men. They are actuated by the same impulses
and the same feelings as other men. When I had
the honor of a position on that committee I found
them so. I have no complaint to make of them.
I am not disposed to attack them nor to attack
the position th«iytako. Let them candidly come
forwaid and tell us what they desire.
Mr. Mo&UEEN. I will tell the gentleman, if
he will let me. &
Mi. WALBRIDGE. I have only five minutes,
and cannot, yield now.
If they will loll us what they desire; if they
will say that they desire to cut this thing up root
and brand), I am with them; but I will not go with
them to transfer the execution of these maps from
tlic Cleik's otiice of tins House to the Interior
Department. If we are to continue the work, let
us keep the control of it ourselves, where if be-
longs; for the maps are executed for the benefit of
the member? of this House. If it is to be done
at all, it should be* done under the order and di-
rection of the House.
I have a word to say, now, to the gentleman
from Kentucky. He said that he wished to stop
the execution of this worlc, but subsequently he
changed hi4* position; and. if I understood him, he
said that he wished to transfer it to the Inteiior
Department. I give him credit for his honesty
and frankness. And that, sir, is the object of this
movement. If it be deemed advisable to stop it
altogether, I have no objection to make.
Mr. McGtUEEN obtained the Hoor, and yielded
to
Mr. BURNETT. With the gentleman's per-
mission, I will say a word in reply to the gentle-
man from Michigan. He says that I avowed a
purpose to transfer this work to the Land Office.
He does me injustice; I made no such state-
ment.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I understood the gentle-
man as t have stated; I am glad that I misappre-
hended his position.
Mr. McGtUEEN. I wish to say in the begin-
ning, Mr. Chairman, that I do not intend to argue
this matter; for I submitted my views in full at
the last session. In the course which I have pur-
;j sued m the Committee on Public Lands from the
j the first, I will say, in reply to the gentleman from
|j Michigan, that I never thought of the transfer of
'■ this woik from the House to the Intel lor Depait-
ment, for the purpose of patronage. 1 do not think
of patronage now. I found betore that commit-
tee a resolution, which had been passed m 1848,
requiring the Clerk of the House to furnish stained
t land maps to the House. I saw about one thou-
sand dollars appropriated for that purpose the first
i^year. I learn that after a time the expenditures for
this work went on untd they amounted to $17,000
per annum. As for the maps themselves, we sat
in the Committee on Public Lands last year, with
the distinguished gentleman from Michigan, and
yet there was no reference to them. When parties
come here to get grants of the public land for rail-
road or other purposes, they fix upon the termini,
some town sues,and they get the land regardless
'i of the route of the road or the ranges through
,1 which it may pass, and regardless too of the stained
! maps of the House clerks. I find that $1-28,000
' in all has been expended m this work. I want to
! lop off, to root it out. I do not want to tiansfer
<\ it to the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
I I have looked upon it from the beginning US' of no
use to the Government. It is, inde< d, a mere ma-
;< climery of patronage, a means to keep men lurk- [
'! ing abou^ the Capitol, receiving salaries from ,
I; $1,200 to $2,100 a year, and doing nothing for I
i them. |
• ; Mr. Chairmaivgentlemen talk about retrench- 1
ij ment, and ask why it is not made. Why do not !
I the gentlemen on the other side assist to carry ;
'■ through measures of retrenchment when they are j
i| proposed in good faith ? When an effort was made :
ij last year to cut these land-map cleiks off, did not j
.| the gentleman from Michigan and his associates J
Ij of that side vote against it? Nobody on this side j
|i was influenced by the idea of patronage then,any !
II more than they are now. We merely wish to put !
j; an end to a great abuse—to stop the machinery i
;; which has already cost the Government $128,000, j
! without the least practical result flowing from
j. that expenditure. For that «U28,000 wc have 1
| not, I do not hesitate to say, had more than fifty
dollars' worth of return. 'Who would give fifty
'i dollars for these painted, laud maps? What is '
\ their use5 Is not a record now kept of the disposi- .
tion of the public lands m the Gcneial Land Office ?
j Certainly; and members can address a letter to the ,
,i Commissioner and ascertain where lands have
■ | been granted, and when and what for. They can
i] obtain an answer to all of their inquiries while
they remain in their seats; why, then, go to the
expense of §123,000 for these painted maps, how-
ever beautifully they may be stained; That
money ought never to have been expended; and 1
I wish now that the woik may be stopped, and
that these clerks may lie got rid of.
Mr. WALBRIDGE, by •unanimous consent,
withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I wish to move an
amendment.
Mr. SEWARD. The Committee on Public ;
Lands have a monopoly of this debate. The gen- ■
J ticman from Pennsylvania has already made one j
; speech.
I The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Geor- :
! gia is not m order.
| Mr. MONTGOMERY. It is true, Mr. Chair- |
I man, that the Commiticc on Public Lands has, !
! hy a majority votr, advised the rrscission of the
| resolution under which thc&c clcrks are employed: ;
but it is equally true—and I think that it is not at
all a secret of the committee-room—that those
members of the committee who vote to rescind
the resolution and to abolish these clerks, are
gentlemen who vote against granting public lands
for any purpose whatever. Of course they do not
need any investigation as to what public lands can
be disposed of. As they are opposed in principle
to granting any, there is no necessity for their
investigation. But there are other gentlemen in.
the committee and in the House, who differ from
them in opinion; and, so diffcrintwith them, I
dcom it to be of the highest importance that we
should have the guide which these maps afford
in the granting of lands to States for railroad and
other purposes. A State applies to us for a grant
of land—say for educational purposes. The mat-
ter is referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
We turn to one of these maps and see, at a single
glance, the number of acres of land that have
been already granted to that State for educational
purposes. If gentlemen will come up and ex-
amine the map that inhere before me, they will
see, by the red mark, every acre of land in the
Siate of Illinois that has been sold for cash; by
the blue mark every acre reserved for military
purposes; by the green, every acre given for the
purpose of draimug swamp lands.
Some time since the Senate of the United States
adopted a resolution, calling on the Secretary of
the Interior forinformation as to what disposition
had been made of the public lands in the various
States and Territories; and in a few days, by the
aid of the land-map clerks, he was able to make
a report. If he had had to depend on the books
in his office, it would hate taken six months to
make the investigation.
The gentleman from South Carolina [Mr. Mc-
Q.uee\t) stated here that wc could send to the
office of the Secretary of the Interior, and there
learn what public lands have been given away. I
say that it would require months on months to
get that information at the Department; and then
it would be mere description; not a picture. There
is now pending before the Committee on Public
Lands a pioposition to grant lands in aid of a rail-
road through northern Iowa. It has been acted
on favorably. It is of the highest importance in
the examination of the question, that the commit-
tee should know what lands have been given
away in northern Iowa for railroad purposes;and
by a single glance at the map, as prepared by these
clerks, they can see it. They can also see the
location of the lands, and the location of the pro-
posed road.
Mr. GARNETT. I ask the gentleman whether
the Committee on Public Lands, in considering
the Iowa bill, to which he refers, ever looked at
these maps at all ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I do not know whether
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Garxett] ever
did or not; but I did.
Mr. GARNETT. Were they m the room that
the committee occupies?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. They were in the old
committee rqnm.
Mr. DAVIDSON. Can the maps not be got by
sending for them ?
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Certainly. At any
time. This question was up before the commit-
tee during the last so^s-on; and on the suggestion
of the committee the House struck off three of
these clerks, and now without any change or any
new refeiencenf the subject, the Committee on
Public Lands comes m here, and makes a second
and supplementary reooi t, asking to abolish them
all.
Mr. STANTON. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman ftom Pennsylvania. Ifl un-
derstand the subject, whatever may be the con-
venience of having these maps colored, the clerks
arc, in point of fact, only employed a small por-
tion of their time, if employed at all. 1 think
they should be under the Clerk of the House. I
therefore would not rescind the resolution au-
thorizing their employment, but I would strike
out the appropriation for the next fiscal year.
Mr. WASHBUItNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Ohio speaks of these clerks not being
employed: I bhould like to know by what au-
thority he makes that assertion ?
Mr. BURNETT. J would hke to answer that
question.
Mr. SEWARD. I object.
