850
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Curtis.
Ho. of Reps.
exercise towards and over him. "Where, then, is
the inhumanity in transferring the African from
a state of savage barbarity to this country, where
his every condition is to be improved, by which
he is made useful to himself and beneficial to
mankind, and adds to the wealth of the nation ?
It is an act of mercy and philanthropy to re-
deem the African from his wretched condition,
and place him among the more civilized of his
race in the United States. But it is said the trade
is cruel, because of the treatment of the negro on
his passage across the ocean, and the great mor-
tality that occurs. Whatever of truth there is in
this charge, to a great extent grows out of the
existence of the law prohibiting it. Hundreds of
negroes are crowded on a vessel wholly inade-
quate to their comfort, by which they are exposed
to disease and death. If the laws of the United
States were repealed, and this question left to the
States, no such objection could be presented; for,
if any of the States thought proper to allow the
importation of slaves, the captain of the ship
could be punished for any cruelty, neglect, or in-
humanity towards th6 crew on the passage; and
if any slave should die while at sea, from neglect
and improper treatment, it could be declared
to be murder, and punished as such. Non-inter-
vention by the General Government would re-
move every cause of irritation and discontent
between the North and South.
It is very questionable whether any of the south-
ern States at present would permit the import-
ation of slaves; surely they would not, unless it
was demonstrated that there was great deficiency
oflabor, and a necessity for increased production.
If such should be the fact, then I have shown that
the North would be equally benefited by the in-
crease of whatever labor might be introduced
from Africa.
To declare the African slave trade piracy, is a
reproach upon the institution itself, which did not
exist when the Government was established. It
was then legal and constitutional; and Congress
was prohibited from interfering with this trade.
As the law now stands, it can only be considered
as the judgment of the nation against.the institu-
tion itself. The South suffers under this reproach.
It is the law, and all are bound to respect and
obey it—however they may be averse to it—until
it is repealed or declared unconstitutional; and,
true to their allegiance to the Government, should
conform to it, until the impediment is removed by
legitimate and constitutional means.
The tendency of Federal power, as at present
eucouraged, is against the South. The Navy is
used as a police upon the high seas to suppress
the slave trade. Treaties have been entered into
with Governments hostile to slavery, with stipu-
lations to suppress the slave trade. Our national
ships, and the ships of our merchants have been
boarded and searched, and our flag insulted under
the pretense of capturing slavers under pretended
treaty obligations. The South should demand a
repeal of all laws against the slave trade, and an
abrogation of all treaties upon this subject. The
southern States should insist upon being the guar-
dians of their own rights and interests in regard
to the importation of slaves, never having parted
with this power, and should take all necessary
steps before the judicial tribunals of the country
to test the constitutional power of Congress to
declare the importation of Africans piracy. If
Rlaves are rightful property, why not be as free
to import slaves as any other commodity?
Let trade and commerce of every description
be as free as possible, thereby plscing the North
and South upon perfect terms of equality. The
doctrine of prohibition is odious. If, in the future,
the country should require more labor, where is
this supply to come from. The immigration of
white laborers from Europe may meet all the ag-
ricultural wants of the North, but nothing but
slave labor can meet the wants of the South', and
furnish the North with the cotton and other pro-
ducts necessary to the steady and advancing in-
terests of their manufactures. As I have shown
that the labor of the two sections are not in oppo-
sition to each other; as improvements in manu-
facturing at the north increase; as the number of
her artists, mechanics, and laborers increase, so 1
should there be a corresponding increase of labor J
and products at the South to add to the wealth,
happiness, and prosperity of both sections.
If this question of labor and production could
be properly understood, we would at once ac-
knowledge the unity of interest between the N orth
and South, and the rights of property would be
respected. Commerce would be free, and the na-
tion would advance in greatness and prosperity;
and we would be a nation at peace in all our re-
lations of commerce, labor, production, and man-
ufacturing.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
SPEECH OF HON. S. R. CURTIS,
of iowa,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1859.
The House being in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. CURTIS said:
Mr. Chairman: For ages, the route to India,
by traveling due west from Europe, has been a
commercial problem, the solution of which has
occupied the minds of statesmen, philosophers,
and executive cabinets, To solve this question,
Columbus periled avoyage on the trackless ocean,
and discovered the West Indies; Cortez pene-
trated this continent, and conquered the before
unknown regions of Mexico; and De Soto, pur-
suing the same object within our present national
limits, perished and found a grave in the wilder-
ness of America.
The exact position of India, and our vast in-
termediate continent of America, have long since
been determined and projected on charts of the
world; many routes to India have been ascer-
tained and adopted, and a vast commerce, aug-
mented by the nautical discoveries of the age, now
passes from Europe to Asia by commercial lines
that circumvent our country. But the great prob-
lem, "a direct route to India," will only befinally
solved when our railroads, which have now
reached the turbid waters of the Missouri, shall
be extended so as to admit passenger and freight
trains to pass through this broad continent to the
Pacific ocean.
Such a work is necessary as a military defense
for our Pacific settlements; for a means of inter-
course with our brethren who have settled there;
and as a cheaper means of transportation of mads,
troops, and public stores. The people have pe-
titioned ; conventions have memorobzed; Legisla-
tures have requested and instructed; and, finally,
the subject of a Pacific railroad has been incor-
porated in the national platforms of both great
political parties of our country. It is a cardinal
provision in my political platform; and 1 shall in-
cline to that organization which makes it most
prominent in their political creed.
Impressed with the importance of this subject,
this Thirty-Fifth Congress, soon after the organi-
zation of the first session, appointed a commit-
tee of fifteen, selected from all parts of the Union,
to consider and report upon this matter. That
committee, after much discussion and considera-
tion, have directed me to report a bill, which I send
to the Clerk to read, and ask that it may be ap-
pended, with the names of the committee, at the
end of the printed report of my remarks.
It will be seen that this bill invites bids for
transportation by railroad, which requires the con-
struction of such railroad as follows: Commenc-
ing with two converging branches, one west of
of Iowa and the other west of Missouri, uniting
within five hundred miles, and thence by a trunk
line to proceed to the navigable waters of the Sac-
ramento river, which connects it with the Pacific
ocean at San Francisco.
Council Bluffs, on the Missouri, is at the ninety-
sixth degree of longitude, and Sacramento river
at longitude 120°; hence the tangent distance is
26°, or at the latitude of 41° north, less^than four-
teen hundred miles.
But the railroad measurements, as determined
by Governmentsurveys and represented by a map
which I here present, prepared at the office of the
Pacific railroad surveys, under the supervision of
Captain Humphreys and Lieutenant Warren, of
the United States Army, make the distance as
follows:
The map shows the railroad distances—
Miles,
From Council Bluffs to San Francisco   1,987
From this deduct the navigable trunk of the Sacra-
mento, a9 stated by Lieutenant Abert, United States
Army      265
Total railroad distances from Council Bluffs to the
navigable waters of the Sacramcnto    1.722
I think the proposed branches would unite within
two hundred miles;butsomething must beadded
for doubling the first part of the line, and I there-
fore add two hundred and seventy-eight miles, call-
ing the entire line contemplated by the bill two
?thousand miles long. Appropriations of land,
and an advance of bonds, are to be made by the
General Government, to induce the construction
of the railroad, and the bonds are to be paid for
in transportation. To induce the contractors to
adopt a direct line, and to induce them to proceed
to the middle of the line, where the cost will be
the maximum, because it is most remote, and in
the most sterile part of the line, the grants increase
as the work progresses from one degree of lon-
gitude to another. At each end of the line, the
strip of land is six miles widp. It increases, till
at the middle point the strip is thirty-two miles
wide. The average width of land would be nine-
teen miles, or about twelve thousand acres per
mile. The aggregate of land would be twenty-
four million acres, much the largest portion of it
so remote that, without a railroad, it would be of
little or no value.
The bonds to be advanced by the Government,
and repaid in mail and other Government trans-
portations, would be as follows:
At each end, $8,000 per mile, increasing at each
degree of longitude, to the middle of the line,
when the maximum is obtained, $21,000 per mile.
The average is $14,500 per mile; and the total
advance, supposing the whole line and branch
two thousand miles, $29,000,000.
This is, therefore, my estimate of the entire
draft on the Government, twenty-four million
acres ofland; and an advance, on mail and trans-
portation servicc, of $29,000,000 in bonds.
The lands are remote, mountainous, and, with-
out a railroad, almost worthless.
The bonds are to be amply secured, and reim-
bursed by services at rates lower than we are now
paying.
The bill requires the whole matter to be laid
before capitalists; and the contract, if made, would
have to be ratified by the next Congress, to give
it validity.
It is my judgment, and the opinion of railroad
men of great experience, that such a bill, and
such an offer, is worthy of favorable considera-
tion by capitalists, and would be likely to secure
a Pacific r^jlroad. The Government is not to
build the road; it only offers advances, which,
with other business, would afford such an income
as to induce railroad men to avail themselves of
the offer; and, by investing their capital, they
would construct a work profitable to themselves,
and of great value to our country. In view of the
vast importance of a Pacific railroad, many look
upon it either as impossible or involving vast ex-
pense to the Government. I wish to remove this
erroneous impression. Many of those who have
thus regarded it, look at such a work from a
wrong stand-point. Private enterprise and a lit-
tle public encouragement have secured the con-
struction of over twenty-eight thousand miles of
railroads in the United States. In the State of
Illinois, two thousand miles were constructed in
about two years.
The great network of railroads has now reached
the Missouri, about half way to the Pacific; and
standing on the bank of that great river, you would
perceive that the mouth of the Sacramento on the
Pacific, and the mouth of the St. Lawrence on the
.Atlantic, are about equidistant. Looking east,
we see twenty-eight thousand miles of railroad
constructed. Looking west, we see that one thou-
sand seven hundred and twenty-two miles of rail-
road would connect us with the navigable waters
of the Pacific. Standing on the Missouri, at the
end of our present system, this matter of a line
to the Pacific seems comparatively a small mat-
