872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr. STANTON. If those who have control
of the subject are willing to strike out this item,
and to dispense with the services of these men, X
am sure we ought to have no objection to their
doing so. This would not necessarily transfer
them to the control of the Interior Department.
The resolution will still Ei.tand, authorizing the
Clerk of the House to employ them when neces-
sary; and whenever the necessity is shown, the
House can at any future time make the appro-
priation. I hope the question will now be taken.
Mr. MONTGOMERY withdrew his amend-
ment.
Mr. SEWARD. I offer the following amend-'
raent:
Add at the end of line one hundred and thirty-two, the
following :
PiotiJcd, That no part of this appropriation shut! be paid
to Hies ihfinshtsnmn and cleiks upon the hind maps—theie
being no law to authorize the continuing of such appoint-
ments, attei the present fiscal year bhallliave terminated.
I think, Mr. Chairman,# that it is a great mis-
take, to hold that a simple resolution of the House
can establish permanent offices, of which we can-
not get rid by refusing to appropriate money for
them. How are these clerks kept here, except
by the annual appropriations made to pay then-
salaries? They are not officers of the House.
They are not known to the Constitution. And
they cannot retain their offices unless we make
the appropriations to pay them. The simple res-
olution of the House, authorizing their employ-
ment, amounts to nothing.
This kind of legislation involves us in difficul-
ties; and I take occasion to say to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Burnett,] and the gentle-
man fiom South Carolina, [Mr. McQueen,] that
if they are such great sticklers for economy, they
should not have come up here the other day and
supported the resolution allowing clerks to com-
mittees.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman from Geor-
gia says that 1 supported that i('solution, he never
made a greater mistake in his life.
Mr. SEWARD. I am glad to hear it.
Mr. Mc&UEJSN. I voted for payng the clerks
who had been employed by committees; and 1
would do so again.
Mr. SKWARD. Just so. Now let us look
ut another ti oubic arising out of this kind of legis-
lation. in 1814, an item was put in the appro-
priation bill for paying the public gardener. The
matter - was lelt to the Joint Committee on the
Library, and they monopolize, tin4 whole concern.
That expense is kept up* vear after year, by ap-
1 propnattons being mad'1 for it; but there is really
no law autboi izing it outride of the appropriation
jtsdf.
Thus we spend millions of money; and we are
U,' I by the chnii man of the Committee
of Ways and [Means that the items are repoi ted to
e'-py out existing laws. I deny that tins House
ear* by a simple resolution, disconnected fiom
11 e;>pi oprmfion, give their action the foiee of
■ aw. It leejunes no action to n-scind the resolu-
nuthinr/mg ihe employment of these map
'eiks. It has no vitality "except wlni' is con-
•i. vted with an nppi opnution bill which furnishes
the aliment. When you refuse an appropriation
tor it, it terminates at the end of the fiscal year.
Tli"re is nothing cleaier than that. 1 protest
against this idea that the resolutions of the House
ate iaws that bind us, and that we are compelled
iu cany out iheM* resolutions by appropriating
money, and mailing that law which is not lav/.
!r 1/ a simple cxprc ssion of the House as to what
they went done.
Mr. DAVIS, of Ind'ana. This is a very small
matter, and it no? that I am a memlu r of the
Committee on Tubhe Lands, I would not occupy
one moment of the time of the House in discuss-
ing it. 1 have been amazed at the course of de-
late in tins committee upon the smaller appro-
bations, for the last weik. Gentlemen ha\e
eoiiMimed days upon days in dibcusMng these
vsmali appropriations for box*.*, dray-horses,
caue, and all that kind of thing, and the expense
created by this discut-'Mon wdl cost the country
rao>v than th«  appropriations themselves But, sir,
when you talk about appropuaturns of millions for
the iMonnon war, or farce, the mouths of those
gentlemen areolae d and hushed; when you come
to talk about putting $30,000,000 of the public
funds in the power and under the control of the
irresponsible Executive of this Government, the
mouths of those very gentlemen are hushed and
closed, and they even support those appropria-
tions.
But I come down to another thing, and I de-
sire to reply one moment to the remarks of the
gentleman from ^Kentucky. He says that one of
the clerks in this Department received some sev-
enteen hundred dollars salary, and never per-
formed the least particle of service. I do not
know how that is; but suppose that it is true: is
that an argument against the necessity of these
maps ? Another gentleman remarked that these
cleiks did not work. Where is the proof of the
allegation that these clerks have not performed as
much work and labor as any other clerks in any
of the other Departments of the Government?
Mr. BURNETT. 1 tell the gentleman from
Indiana, upon my authority as a member of this
House, that those clerks did not work during the
Thirty-Fourth Congress. And not only that, but
there were more than one of them who never put ;
a pen to paper. J
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. That does not mend j
the position of the gentleman a particle; but the !
assertion that these clerks do not work is a mat- j
ter about which I know nothing, and whether it |
bo true or not, it is no argument against the ne- ;
cessify of these maps. I
Another word in this connection. Gentlemen j
have said that these maps are entirely unncces- |
sary, and that their preparation was a useless ex- ,
penditurc of the public money. On the contrary,
1 say, as a member of the Committee on Public
Lands, that they are necessary. Why, sir, I had '
occasion during this session of Congress, and a 1
few days ago, to get an important statement of j
the sales of the public lands, and the amount of ■
public lands appropriated for different purposes 1
by the Congrc-ss of the United States, and I ob- .
tained a statement from the draughtsman in charge
of those clerks, which I could not have obtained
from the Commissioner of the Public Lands in six ■
months. That statement I hold in my hand. It 1
shows the amountof land sold in each of the land '
States of this great country; the amount of lands '
appropriated for school purposes; the amount of ■
lands appropriated for deaf and dumb asylums; ,
the amount of lands granted for intei natimprove- ;
ments; and the number of acres granted for rail- i
road purposes. Here is the table; and it is im- 1
portant to the members of the*House for future i
reference: !
[for table, see next page.] i
I believe these maps are necessary to western 1
men. I have examined them from to time, as I j
found it necessary to do so in the discharge of my |
duties as a member of this House.
[Mere the hammer fell.]
The question being upon the amendment to the
amendment,
Mr. SEWARD called for tellers.
Tclleis were ordered; and Messrs. Morgan
and Bryan were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 41, noes 80.
So the amendment to, the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to offer an amend-
ment merely with a view of putting myself right
before the committee. I move to increase the
amount one dollar.
I made a statement, which has been called in
question, as to a fact in connection with the clerks
employed in this depaitment. Gentlemen will
find, by leference to the Congressional Globe, the
following reply, made by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, Mr. Hendricks, to a
communication addressed to him by the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Lands, inquir-
ing how much of the time of the nine clei ks during 1
the last Congress, was bestowed upon the execu-
tion of these maps,^cc.: j
'•In ftii-WM To tin* fir-t inquiry, I have Instate that, in
the ojiinnin of tin-) office, the con^tuicuon of these map-5 is
leu necegj-arj ; ccitimly not to tin ■; office in the picparation
of an-weu-5 to the flou-e, or committee*, our statistics and
data bein^ piepaiod wholly inc^-pective of those map?, and
without icteience oi ichancc thereon." '
I desire to make this statement in addition: that
it was in proof before one of the investigating
committees appointed at the last session of Con-
gress, that some of these clerks never put a pen
to paper. That is all I have to say now.
Mr. RUFFIN. I rise for the purpose of op-
posing the amendment of the gentleman from
Kentucky. I think the amendment is now right,
without any other further amendment.
In this connection I wish to make a statement,
since it has been charged that the members of this
Committee on Public Lands have been influenced
by party considerations. Sir, I scorn the impu-
tation. So far as I am concerned, I have from
the beginning, from the time that this resolution
was referred to the committee, been in favor of
rescinding the resolution of 1848. I hold in my
hand a minority report which I prepared last ses-
sion for the purpose of presenting to the House,
if the Committee on Public Lands had been called.
As to the transfer of these clerks to the office of
the Commissioner of Public Lands, I do not know
of any necessity for that. That any such thing
is intended, is a gratuitous assertion upon the part
of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Wal-
bridge.] No member of the committee, so far as
I know, has ever contemplated any such thing.
Letters were read last session, both from the Sec-
retary of the Interior and from the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, and both state that
this whole thing is unnecessary; that it is a very
great inconvenience to them; that these clerks
have access to the public records in that Depart-
ment, and that they may impart information to
outsiders which other clerks are prohibited from
giving, and which they would be dismissed for
giving. But over these clerks the Secretary of
the Interior and the Commissioner of the General
Land Office have no control.
There has been talk here again, to-day, about
reforms never being begun in the right place. I
have heard no good reason assigned why this
work should bo continued. One gentleman from
Pennsylvania, a member of the Committee on
Public Lands, says that the members who voted
in favor of rescinding this resolution are opposed
to the donation of the public lands. I glory in it.
I have resisted every plundering scheme in rela-
tion to the public lands since I have been upon
that committee, and I intend to do so to the bitter
end, as long as I am a member of that committee.
I shall oppose every scheme of that kind. As
long as I know of any wrong, I shall oppose it,
no matter who may be in favor of it. And we are
to be charged with party motives because, upon
the Committee on Public Lands, we were opposed
to these land schemes for the west. It is because
we were opposed to those things that we have
agreed to a report in favor of dispensing with
these map clerks, says the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania; for that is the sum and substance of his
charge. Now, sir, I have not one dollar of inter-
est in any public lands. I never bought any, nor
have I any inteiest m the northwest, in town-
sites, in railroad companies, or in anything of
that kind. I went into the committee with a clear
conscience, and I come here as the Representative
of a constituency who ask nothing but their rights,
and I for one shall continue to stand up for their
rights. A portion of these public lands belong to
my constituents, and I do not think it right to
grant them to land-plunderers who hang about
this Capitol from one end of the session to an-
other.
Mr. BURNETT, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question lecurred on Mr. Ruffin's amend-
ment.
Mr. RUFFIN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bonham
and Eltfinton were appointed.
'J#!- committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 58, noes 66.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, moved to strike out
the following clause:
" For two in.ui bnys. at $900 each, and the messenger m
charge nl the south extension, ,^3.30(1."
Mr. GROW. I have but one word to say. I
have been surprised to sec the cconomy which
gentlemen profess upon the consideration of
small appropriations of one or two hundred dol-
lars, when appropriations of fourteen or fifteen
million dollars pass with very little discussion.
The whole time upon appropriation bills is taken
up in the discussion of these little appropriations
for mail boys, and the like, which do not amount
to a thousand dollars in some cases, when fifteen
or sixteen million are voted for the Arm y and Navy
