874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
chase of books, and yet the Committee of Ways j
and Means has put an item of $5,000 in the bill I
for that purpose. This amendment provides for j
the purchase of a particular book. If it is com- j
petent for us here to appropriate money for the ;
purchase of books, it is competent also for us to j
direct what books nhall be purchased. I
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides the J
amendment out of order, upon the ground that it
is not germane. The law prescribes who shall
purchase these books; but the amendment pro-
poses an alteration of the law, and to say what
books shall be purchased.
Mr. BLAIR. The amendment does not pro- !
pose to change the person who is to make the
purchase; it simply directs what books shall be
purchased.
The CHAIRMAN. The law leaves the dis-
cretion to certain persons to select books for pur-
chase; and the amendment proposes to control
that discretion, which is a change of the law.
The question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee?"
Mr. McQ,UBEN demanded telleis.
Tellers were ordeied; and Messrs. John Coch-
rane and Haskin were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 52> noes 68.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled, and
the amendment decided to be in order.
Mr. BLAIR. This amendment, Mr. Chair-
man, speaks for itself. There never, I believe,
has been a work purchased by'the Government
which will be so useful to members as ihis one;
for these books are not to be put chased for dis-
tribution, but foi the library of Congress, and the
hbiaries of the House and of the Senate, for the
use of the members. 1 cannot conceive how any
reasonable objection can bp made to the amend-
ment. It does not increase the appropriation.
Should my amendment fail, the money would
still be expended by the librarian in the purchase
of some other books; and 1 believe that the
House and the countty will concur in the senti-
ment that no book can be purchased that would
be so useful to the members of ihe House and to
the country, as those which my amendment pro-
poses.
Mr. GARNETT. I rife to oppose the amend-
ment, because 1 think it wrong m pi inripie. If I
understand aright, this wotk is not completed;
and this appropriation is designed to purchase
not only that part of the work which is completed,
but that portion which is notcomplete, and which
is now in the hands of otheis. Besides, it costs
some fifty or sixty dollarsa set; and consequently,
the hundred copies contemplated by the amend-
ment would cost more than the whole appropria-
tion, and the hbianan would be without funds to
puichase the necessary books for the library—
which is one of the most useful institutions of the
Gov rnment.
Mr. BLAIR.. The work is necessarily incom-
plete; but all that Colonel Benton had anything
to do with is complete.
Mr. G ARISE 1'T. And the gentleman proposes
to expend on this the whole amount appropriated
for the library, leaving no funds whatever for
other books. But what is the use of tins abridg-
ment of the debates? We have the Annals of
Congress and the Congressional Globe, giving us
a report of every speech made in Congress since
the foundation of the Government; and this hook
is but an abndgment of that winch wc have
already.
Then, again, what security have we foi' the
fidelity of the abridgment? Who that has ex-
amined it will say that it is faithful? Wc all
know that Colonel Benton, under the influence of
intense prejudice, lus often misrepresented his
opponents What se< unty, then, ] say, have we
thu.t these debates at u not garbled ? I do not mean
to impeach the fidelity with which he may have
attempted to abtidge them; but such was the in-
tense prejudice of the mm, rhnt I do not believe
he was capable of making a faithful abridgment.
Is this amendment for the benefit of the .Apple-
tons, who are publishing the book, or is it for the
benefit of Colonel Benton's family? If for the
latter, what right, I ask, have we to pension the
family of any of our deceased statesmen ?
Mi. CLA\ . Will the irentlemau allow me to
88y—while I will not vote at all on the qut Ation
—that as to lus remanc about pensioning some of
the membeis of Colonel Benton's family, with
which I happen to be connected, there is no de-
sire on their' part for any such pension. They
are able to take care of themselves, and would
never receive a pension.
Mr. GARNETT. That is an additional reason
why I should oppose this amendment. It is an
appropriation not for the benefit of Colonel Ben-
ton's family, but for the benefit of the Appletons.
What right have we to pension publishers ? This
is not for the benefit of members; for wc have
already the original debates, the very work which
is pretended to have been abridged. There are,
however, some copies of this abridgment already
in .the library. I contend, therefore, that our pre-
tension to appropriate money to the library for the
purchase of this particular book is entirely wrong.
Mr. NICHOLAS. I move to amend by increas-
ing the appropriation ^200. I wish to say to the
gentleman fiom Vnginia that this proposition
comes in good faith, and that it is not designed
as a pension for Colonel Benton's family or for
any one else. It piovides for placingin the, libra-
ries of this Capitol the abridgment of the debates
of Congress, for reference by members. I believe
that every gentleman who has examined this
work will concede the point, that it gives a better
idea of what has been done in Congress than the
original reports of the debates do. I have in my
desk a memorandum, written by Colonel Benton
only two clays befoie he died, in respect to tins
matter, in which he states that it was his chief
aim, m this condensation, to piovide a more easy
and accessible mode of ascertaining the past ac-
tion of Congress than was furnished by the volu-
minous reports of the original debates.
1 trust that, as this amend ment is offered with-
out reference to the distribution of a single book
by a member of this body, but simply that they
may form part of the pubhc archives of the Gov-
ernment, the amendment will not be voted down.
Certainly nobody can have any interest m the
small number proposed to he ordered; and I
would say to the gentleman from Virginia that
the cost of a set is only foity-fm: dollars.
Mr. BOCOCK. 1 desire to s ty a word m op-
position to tin1 amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio. I wish to do so, partly because
my duty has called mo elsewhere for some tune
past, and I want to get again into harness m-the
House,and partly because I desiie to expiess my
opinion m leirard to the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blair ]
1 have no idea, Mr. Chairman, of impugning
in any way the fidelity or the mtegnty of Colonel
Benton. 1 shall placemy opposition to the amend-
ment on other grounds. This work is, at least,
nothing but an abridgment of the debates. It is, m
fact, only an index Who, that is investigating
any question coming up for discussion in the
House of Representatives, or m a committee,
would be satisfied to foim his opinion of a debate
or of the grounds taken by a speaker, on a mere
abridgment without consulting the original? The
Annals of Congress, the Register of Debates, and
the Congressional Globe, contain the debates from
the beginning of the Government down, and have
each an ample and full index, by refeience to
which any subject ever discussed in Congress
can be traced and examined. This work of Col-
onel Benton's does no more than aid one to find
what has been said on a subject; and I say that
no faithful statesman would be willing to rely on
any man's abridgment.
But there is one other consideration in regard
to this matter. This proposes a violation of the
ordinary course of procedure in relation to books
for the library. If the amendment be notagreed
to, the Joint Committee on the Library will se-
lect the books to be purchased, nod if tin y choose
to order these abridgments to be boiigm, they
can do so. They can examine it, and if they eorne
to the conclusion that a number of copies should
he procured, they will order them to he pui chased.
That authority they have now, without the adop-
tion or this amendment. If we adopt the amend-
ment, we perpetrate the absurdity of ordering to
be bought, for ^5,000, a number of books which
can only be bought lor >(),000.
Without having examined into this matter, and
without any specific kmnvledire of the merits of
the book, we step forwatd and assarnc the duty
of the Joint Commune on the Libraiv by direct-
ing it to use all the money we appropriate for the
library in the purchase of this book. I am op-
posed to the amendment.
Mr. NICHOLS withdrew the amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. CURRY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri, by adding:
One liumlied copies of Appleton'a edition of Calhoun's
woiky."
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouii. I rise to a point
of order. I submit that the amendment of the
gentleman from Alabama is out of order. It in-
volves the same question winch I raised on the
amendment of the gentleman from Missouri.
The CHAIRMAN, (Mr. Barksdalk having
resumed the chair.) The committee has decided
that the amendment of the gentleman from Mis-
souri is in order, and the Chair, confoiming his
decision to that of the committee, will decide that
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama
is in order.
Mr. CURRY. I have not examined Benton's
abridgment of the debates sufficiently to test
their fidelity and accuracy. I have, however,
purchased a copy for my own library. But, sir,
I have to say that if u is as lull of prejudice, and
I had almost said of malignity, as his "Thirty
Years m the Senate," I think it ought to be burned
by the common hangman. However that may be,
if Congress intends by this special piece of favor-
itism, to purchase Benton's abudgment, I think
they oueht to purchase, at least by way of anti-
dote, Calhoun's works.
Air CLARK, of Missouri. I am opposed to
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama.
It is with great regret, indeed, that I have heard
the gentleman allow himself to pronounce upon
this great work of the country m the terms that
he has'done. Sir, Colonel Benton's abridgment
of the debates of Congtess is a great national
woik Most gentlemen present have examined
it, and will bear me witness, that it is maiked
wnb the s;i iciest fidelity and accuracy. I admit
that Mi. Benton had ins partialities, but they
were not stronger than those of the favorite of the
gentleman fiom Alabama, Mr. Calhoun. They
weie rivals, and have had their day. Both weie
gieat men of the country; but their works are
widely different. Colonel Benton's work, which
it is now proposed to purchase and place m our li-
braiy,isa condensed history of the debates of
Confess. Some gentleman, perhaps the gentle-
man from Virginia, [Mr. Rocock,] has charac-
terized it as an index. Weil, sir, if it is an index,
it is an eldboidte one, and such an index as every
lawyer in the Unrtcd States and evety politician
finds in his experience is n^cess\ry in order to
save him the labor of searching through the <rreat
number of volumes covered by the full debates.
I repeat, that this is a work necessary for every
lawyer and politician to examine into. Permit me
again to express my regret that this matter, which
has no party politics m it, but which js necessary
to do justice to a great man, and at the same time
to do justice to our whole country, should have
been spoken of as the gentleman fiom Alabamahas
spoken, and that this gieat woi k should have Ik en
characteiizi d by him as a woik that ought to be
burned by the common hangman.
Mr. CLARK B COCHRANE. T dosn-e to ask
the gentleman fiom Alabama whether Mr. Cal-
houn's works are not already in the library of
Confess ?
Mt. CURRY. They are, and I hope gentle-
men will read them and improve their politics.
Mr. McCtUEEN. I will say to the gentleman
that Mr. Benton's work, too, is already there.
The question being on the amendment to the
amendrm nt,
Mr GARNETT called for tellers.
T< Hers weie not ordered.
The committee divided; and the amendment to
the amendment was disa/ieed to—ayes 24, noes
92.
Mr. KEITT. I move that the committcc rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee iosij; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. B^rksdalu lenorted that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideiation, and patticular'y
House bill (No. 711) making appropriations for
the it gi^lative, executive, and j<sdi<iel expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1360, and had come to no resolution thereon.
