1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
877-'
at Brownsville, on the 5th of January, 1859, pray-
ing that the portion of Nebraska Territory lying
south of the Platte river may be embraced within
the boundaries of the proposed State of Kansas,
reported adversely on the same; and the report,
in each case respectively, was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 475) to organize the
Territory of Dacotah, and for other purposes,
reported it without amendment, adversely.
He also, from, the same committee, to whom
was recommitted the bill (S. No. 8) to organize
the Territory of Arizona, and to create the offrce
of surveyor general therein; to provide for the ex-
amination of private land claims; to grant dona-
tions.to actual settlers; to survey the public and
private lands, and for other purposes, reported it
without amendment, and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred an amendment, which Mr. Wilson
gave notice of his intention to propose to the bill
(S. No. 8) to organize the Territory of Arizona,
and to create the office of surveyor general therein;
to provide for the examination of private land
claims; to grant donations to actual settlers; to
survey the public and private lands, and for other
purposes, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred the petition of Mrs. Anna
W. Angus, widow of the late captain Samuel
Angus, United States Navy, for a ccrtain allow-
ance, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FITCH. The Committee on Printing, t&
whom was referred the motion to print certain
Indian treaties, have inquired into the subject,
and find, as the accompanying correspondence
will show, that they have not been published,
but that they are authentic. They direct me to
report them back to the Senate with a request
that their publication shall be directed with the
currcnt volume of the statutes for this session.
I move that the report be concurred in, and that
the ojder be made.
The motion wa^greed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED. #
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
566) concerning the transfer of real estate in the
city of Washington; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message was received from the House of
Representatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, an-
nouncing that the House had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 560) for the relief of Lydia Fletcher.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speak-
er had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 554) to authorize the Attorney
General to represent the United States in the pro-
ceedings in equity now pending in the Supieme
Court between the Commonwealth of Massachu-
setts and the State of Rhode Island and Provi-
dence Plantations; v
A bill (S. No. 380) to provide for the payment
of the claim of the State of Maine for expenses
incurred by that State in organizing a regiment of
volunteers for the Mexican war; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 48) for the payment
of an unexpended balance to the State of Georgia,
on account of military services.
THE TARIFF.
Mr. BIGLER. I move to postpone all prior
orders, in order to proceed to the consideration of 1
the resolution which I oitered lact week, on the j
subject of the finances of the country.
Mr. BROWN. I feel bound to interpose an
objection to that motion. That is simply a prop-
osition to displace the regular order of business.
I want to take up the business which was unfin-
ished yesterday, and go on and get done with it.
Mi. BIGLER. My motion was to postpone
all prior orders, for the purpose of taking up the
resolution; and I hope we shall get a vote at least
on the motion.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have n© objection to taking
up the resolution of the Lenator from Pennsylva-
nia, with the understandingthatitsconsiderajion
is to be continued. I do not desire that we shall
have a discussion on one side. I desire tQ be
heard on it myself; and if the resolution is to be
taken up, I wish it to be done with the under-
standing of the Senate that those opposed to the
resolution of the Senator from Pennsylvania, will
have an equalopportunity of debating it. I desire
to be heard very fully upon it, at the earliest mo-
ment that suits that Senator's convenience.
Mr. BIGLER. Certainly I have no desire to
restrain debate, and no right to attempt to do so.
I hope that the Senate will take up the resolu-
tion, and the Senator from Georgia and others
opposed to it may be heard upon it.
Mr. MALLORY. I only wish to say, for my-
self, that I consent to no such general under-
standing. It is my purpose, at the earliest mo-
ment, to move to take up the bill (S. No. 373)
providing for the payment of the interest claims
of citizens of Florida. I designed doing so this
morning, but I saw that other measures had pri-
ority, and I abstained from doing so. I give no-
tice, however, that at the earliest moment, it is
my purpose to do so, as I believe there is a dis-
position on the part of the Senate to take up that
bill and pass it.
Mr. HUNTER. I only wish to say on this
question that I am willing to abide the sense of
the Senate; but if the resolution is taken up, like
the Senator from Georgia, I shall insist on a gen-
eral discussion. I do not think it would be fair
for the argument to go out on one side and nothing
be heard on the other. It is an important sub-
ject, and if the Senate choose to take it up and go
into the debate, be it so; but I hope the debate
will be a general one on both sides.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to proceed to the con-
sideration of the resolution submitted by him, rel-
ative to the readjustment of the revenue laws, so
as to meet the deficiency in the current expenses
of the Government, and to pay off the public debt,
so far as it is liable to immediate cancellation.
Mr. MASON. I should object to taking up that
resolution, amongst other reasons, because I con-
sider that it is an interference with the constitu-
tional right of the House of Representatives. The
Constitution reposes in the House of Represent-
atives alone the origination of matters affecting
the revenue. It alone can originate a bill to raise
revenue; and I shall, therefore, oppose the intro-
duction of such matters into the Senate.
Mr. BIGLER. I agree that the Constitution
of the United States confides to the House of Rep-
resentatives the right to originate bills for raising
revenue; in that body alone can such a proposi-
tion originate; but I never heard it suggested be-
fore that it was incompetent for the Senate to give
expression to its views on any subject. The res-
olution which I propose does not attempt to in-
troduce into this body a revenue measure; it is a
declaration of the opinion of the Senate, and I
think there are many precedents for it. 1 do not
know that in the programme presented by Mr.
Clay there was anything relating to the finances
of the country; but it has been the custom to in-
troduce resolutions simply expressive of opinion.
The Senator from Virginia does not misunderstand
my purpose. He is certainly aware that I do not
desire to attempt to originate a revenue measure
in this body; but that honorable Senator will re-
member that members of this bod y, in an informal
way, undertook to notify the House of Repre-
sentatives that a measure which they were con-
sidering, connected with the finances ofthe coun-
try, was inexpedient. Sir, 1 have my rights on
this subject as a representative of a sovereign j
State. That State feels a deep interest on this 1
question; and a majority of the Senate, as was
alleged, having decided in an informal way—not
as a Senate—that it was inexpedient to consider j
the subject at this session, I was driven to the -
presentation of this resolution for the purpose of'
getting my views before my constituents and be- |
fore the Senate. That is the object. j
Mr. MASON. I do not mean to debate it; I i
object to taking up the resolution; but if the Sen- |
ator is disposed to debate it, will he allow me to ;
present him the single issue that I wish to raise?;
The Constitution of the United States says this: |
" AIS bills foi i.using revenue shall originate in the Mouse '
of liepieseii!aiiv -?.*>
Now, I submit to that Senator, that it is a le-
gislative discourtesy and a constitutional indeco-
rum, for the Senate, in advance, to intimate to the
House of Representatives what their opinion is
upon raising the revenue.
Mr. BIGLER. I mus.t-express my astonish-
ment at the view presented by the Senator from
Virginia. I can hardly persuade myself that such
an issue is to be raised here. No gentleman pre-
tends that we have the right to originate a rev-
enue measure; but can it be claimed that it is a
discourtesy to the House of Representatives to
discuss, in advance, this or any other subject
which it may become the duty of that body to
consider? If it be so in one case, it must'be so in
all. If I proposed, as was proposed at one time
since I have bean a member of this body, the con-
sideration of a bill regulating the finances, increas-
ing or decreasing them, the Senator's objection
would be well taken; but I propose no such thing.
I simply submit a proposition, which, if adopted,
will be a declaration of opinion, and not an act of
legislation. It does not attempt to interfere with
•he right of the House of Representatives to con-
sider this subject, and to dispose of it.
Mr. BAYARD. The resolution which the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania now pro-
poses to take up, is either intended to obtain a
vote of the Senate upon its rejection or its passage,
or it must lead to a fruitless discussion. At this
period of the session, when there are but four
weeks left, I think it would be 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is so
much conversation in the Chamber that it is im-
possible to hear the Senator.
Mr. BAYARD, unless the resolution is to
receive the vote of the Senate, I think it would
be an improper interference with its other busi-
ness. That it ought not to receive the vote of
the Senate, I cannot doubt, whatever may be my
opinion as to the propriety of the measure. At the
informal meeting, of which the Senator speaks^
I was not present, and do not know except by
hearsay, what was its character; nor do I mean
to express my own opinion as to what would be
the proper action whenever it comes legitimately
before the Senate; but a mere discussion without
a vote of the Senate would be certainly an im-
proper interference with the time of the Senate for
the limited penod we have yet to pass upon other
measures of great importance.
If the vote is to be taken, then the objection
made by the honorable Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Mason] is to my mind conclusive. We
have no right to originate a tariff or revenue bill
in this House. If we have no aright to originate
su£h a bill, we ought not to pass a resolution ex-
pressing our opinion, if it is passed, that the '
House of Representatives are deficient in their
duties by not revising the tai iff bill of the United
States. It is for them to act first, for them to in-
itiate th€*"mea3ure; and as they have the sole right
to do that, I do not think we ought to forestall
their action by attempting to express the opinion
of the Senate as a body as to what that action
ought to be. I shall vote against taking up the
resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of
one o'clock having arrived, it is the duty of the
Chair to announce the special order, unless the
Senate otherwise direct.
Mr. BROWN. I hope the regular order will
be taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The regular
order is the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. BIGLER. My motion is to postpone all
prior orders, and I hope we shall have a vote.
Mr. SEWARD. That motionmustbe voted on.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I wish to submit a remark
in reply to the suggestion of the Senator from
Delaware, as to the power of the Senate to ex-
press its opinions on this subject. I suppos©
nobody has any doubt about that. Senators will
remember that sonic of the most elaborate debates
in the Senate have taken place on resolutions. In
1832, the long debate on the tariff was on a res-
olution of Mr. Clay; and, in 1842, when he wept
out, he offered similar propositions. But there is
a special reason why I, for otfc, desire some dis-
| cussion on this subject. Tne friends of a higher
i degree of protection than I advocate, have of iate
| years been in the halm of endeavoring to put in
their propositions, not as tegular tariff bills winch
■ mast ©pen debate, but as amendments to appro-
