1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
255
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Leidy.
Ho. of Reps.
the part of the United States, for any higher or oilmr terms
than are authorized and piovided for in tins act.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the contracting
party leceiving lands under the provisions of tins act thail
be required to seli and unconditionally convey one half of
the same within five years from and aiterthe i*sumg ot the
patents for the same; and ail lands so granted, winch shall
remain the property of such contracting party, or which
may be held by themselves or others for their use or benefit,
at the expiration of ten years from the date ot the patents,
shall be and become the property of the United States.
Sec. 3 0. Jlnd he itjui ther enacted, That the lands of the
United States, for two bundled feet m width along the en-
tire line of said road, aie hereby set apart and dedicated for
a highway, for railroad and telegraph purposes, under the
direction ol Congress; and the said contracting party may
take anyeaith, stone, timber, or other nece&ssary mate-
rials, for the conjunction and keeping in repair of the road
within the said two hundred feet; any conttact made in
pursuance of this act, for the building and keeping up of
said road, shall provide for it* construction in a substantial
and workmanlike mannei, with all the necessary drains,
culvcrts, bridges, viaducts, crossings, turnouts, sections,
and watering-place^, and ail othei appurtenances, includ-
ing fuinuure and rolling-stock, equal in all respects to rail-
roads ot the first class* when prepared for business, with
rails of the best quality: uN) foi the construction of a tele-
graph line, of the most subptantial and approved descrip-
tion. to be operated along the entire hue uf said lailroad .
Provided, The contracting party shall not charge the Gov-
ernment higher lates than they do individuals tor like tele-
graphic service.
Sec. II JinA be it further enacted, That the contracting
party building or owning wii-l load, may at anvtime con-
struct one or more additional tracks within the two hundred
feet set apart tor the right of way ; and it shall be the duty
of said contracting party, ni owners of said road, to permit
any other raihoad winch shall be authorized to be built by
the Legislature of any Trrntory or .State in which the same
be situated, to lonn connections with it on fair and equal
teirns.
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That, whenever said
road, or any part thex'Oi, shall be suriendered to the United
States.m pursuance of ihe piovt&ions ot tins act, thereupon
eo much of the same as may be Mtuated within any State
shall, with its a^ent, ve-n in. and become the propeity of
such State, subject to the in-e of the United States? tor postal,
military, naval, and all oilier Government service, and also
subject to nueh regulations as Congress may impose, re
stucting the chargts for such naiisportation : and any other
State tluousih which >aui load may past;, admitted into the
Union thereafter, shnll acquite the same lights, subject to
like restrictions anil provisions.
Seo. 10. */ind be it fuither enae'ed, That, -while the paid
contiactins party oi owner.- are m any manner indebted to
the United States, they shall keep books, m which shall be
entered regular statements ot all disbursements, expendi-
tures, and receipts, setting foith specifically the objects '<f
f-aul expendmues.and the sources whence sanl reeewt* are
derived, touetiiei with a particular account ofall accidents
that may occur, a/Teeting piopeiiyor poisons, or causing
dohiv^ upon the mad, which hoo^ shall he open at aft
times to the inspection of the President, or any pel son au-
thored by hnn to examine the same, and to the members
o[ each Hou^e ot Congress; and the contracting paitv, ot
owiioh, shall lepott annually to the Secretary of the Tieas-
uiy, on the first day o! October in each yeai, accompanied
bv'a minute and detailed evhilnt of the expendituies aed
piofiH of faid road and telegraph tor the year pi ending, to
be attested by the oaths of then seeietary and tiea^uiei,
wineh leport sliall bo transmitted to Congre-s hy the Sec-
retaiy ot tne United Struts Trea'-uiv at tlx commencement
of each sl^ioh : Proi'iJed Ihiulhi, That the contiaet here
proposed shall, beiore it is tully binding,he ratified and con-
tinued by the Congie=.  of the United States.
THE TARIFF.
SPEECH OF HON. PAUL LEIDY,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1859.
The Ilouse being in the Committee of the WTh«Ie on the
state of the Union—
Mr. LEIDY said:
Mr. Chairman: 1 should like, on this occasion,
the only one winch, during the session, 1 shall
probably have, to give my views upon several of
the important subjects that have been presented
to Congress for consideiation, and which have,
from time to tune, claimed the attention of this
committee and of the House—the question of the
acquisition of Cuba, and the Pacific railroad.
}><>th of these are subjects big- with interest and
importance, not only to the people of this nation,
but to tlie world. In respect to the former, 1 can
only say that I regard the annexation of Cuba as
merely a question of time. That she lies m the
dircct line of our 44 manifest destiny,"! enter-
tain no doubt. Whether the time for a change in
her relations to the rest of mankind has yet come,
or if not, how near at hand it is, I will not now pro-
tend to say. But it is due to ourselves, that we
should keep ourselves prepared for any emergency
which mny accelerate the coming of that event.
As to the construction of a railroad to the Pa-
cific coast, that, too, is but a question of time.
The enterprise is one worthy gf our highest con-
sideration, and each year adds not only to Us im-
portance but to its necessity. With two Pacific
States already organized, and others rapidly form-
ing, we cannot 6e expected long to endure the
inconveniences of the presentmodesof intercom-
munication between the eastern and western por-
tions of our Republic. Interest and necessity will
soon combine to hasten the accomplishment of this
object; and though formidable obstacles now seem
to lie in the way, they must quickly disappear,
when American energy and American enterprise
shall have resolved upon their removal.
There are, also, the exhausfless themes of pub-
lic expenditures, retrenchment, and reform. To
these subjects I would with pleasure devote a few
moments, if merely to show to the committee and
to my constituents that I am as much a foe to ex-
travagance and a friend to all legitimate reforms
as those who go furthest in this matter; exercising
my own judgment, however, as to what consti-
tutes the one as well as the other. While I would
aid in such a reduction of the public expenditures
as can be accomplished without injury to the pub-
lic interest, I have no faith whatever in those
projects which are designed to bring these ex-
penditures down to the standard of present re-
sources. Such projects I regard as utterly pre-
posterous; and hence, one of the reforms that I
would suggest would be the devising of some
proper means for meeting present wants, and se-
curing sufficient future resources for meeting all
the necessary demands that must be made upon
the public Treasury, instead of wasting time in
deprecating these extravagances, and passing laws
to authorize the borrowing of money to pay our
current expenses; and then set ourselves to work,
in some systematic way, to cheek whatever of
undue extravagance may be found in the expend-
iture of the public funds.
Mr. Chairman, 1 am decidedly opposed to this
borrowing policy. That we, in a time ot peace,
should be required to make loan after loan for the
purpose of defraying our ordinary current ex-
penses, I regard as unworthy of ourselves and
unworthy of the people whom we represent.
That we should fix upon them a national debt
against their will, solely because we will not adopt
such means as they have placed in our power to
obtain the necessary funds for carrying on the
Government, is more than they can be expected
to endure.
But, sir, there is one subject in which my own
immediate constituents feel a deeper and more
direct interest, and one which, in my opinion, is
at thin time of greater importance, not only to
iho people of Pennsylvania but to the whole coun-
try, than either or all of these to which I have
alluded. I need not say that 1 refer to the sub-
ject of a tariff. The condition of the public
finances, as it has been represented to us by both
the President and the Secretary of the Treasury,
calls upon us to adopt some means for supplying
the wants of the national Treasury; and the only
ptactieal remedy that has been suggested, is an
increase of our rates of duties to such standard
as wii! render the receipts from this source ade-
quate to the wants of the Government; and the
prostrate and languishing condition of the m-
dustiy of the country, appeals to us at the same
time for that relief whicn,m the adjustment of
these duties by a proper discrimination, we may
legitimately and constitutionally afford.
The policy which I shall advocate, and which I
believe to be the true policy for us as a nation, is
a tariff'which v/ill yield sufficient revenue to de-
fray the expenses of the Government, with such
discriminations in the adjustment of those duties
as will afford, incidentally, encouragement and
protection to our own industrial interests; m
other words, and in Democratic phraseology, 4ka
tariff for revenue, with incidental protection."
The tariff policy was adopted in this country at a
very early day, and has, to the present time, con-
tinued to be our national policy and chief depen-
dence for the necessary revenues of the Govern-
ment. During the existence of the Whig party
as one of the political organizations of the coun-
try, the two great parties were divided on this
question; the Whig party advocating as their
policy a high protective tariff, imposed and ad-
justed with a sole view to the protection of certain
of our own branches of industry, without any
regard to the amount of revenue which would be
derived therefrom; while the Democratic party
have ever contended that the constitutional restric-
tions limited the power for imposing duties to the
wants of the Government, and that the protective
policy could only be adopted within that limit by
judicious discrimination. While, however, this
line of demarcation has separated these two great
parties of the nation, we nave found individuals
in each differing with the mass of their party, and
no one who has kept an eye upon the movements
of men on this question can fail to have observed
that local interests have exerted a very powerful in-
fluence in determining the position of prominent
men in relation to this subject. Since the disso-
lution of the Whig party there is no political or-
ganization that maintains, as one of the articles
of its faith, a tariff for protection, in the old sense
of the term. But all now, the Democratic party
and the parties which constitute the Opposition,
limit their views to a tariff for revenue with inci-
dental protection. Yet we find in all these par-
ties at this day the same diversity of opinion
among individuals, ranging from absolute free
trade up to the old policy of protection for pro-
tection. I have made these remarks for the pur-
pose of showing that I do not regard the tariff
policy now, as in any sense, a party question.
But, sir, in this connection,! desire to add a
few additional remarks, relative to the claim of
this particular policy that I am advocating, to be
called4a Democratic measure; and I desire to call
the attention of the honorable gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Million,] who displayed so much
magnanimity to-day, in his generous invitation to
Pennsylvania Representatives on this floor to
come back again to the Democratic party, to this
point. Has that honorable gentleman yet to learn
that the policy we are advocating has always been
the policy of the Democratic party ? He surely
has not forgotten that Jefferson, Madison, Mon-
roe, Jackson, and Polk were Democrats; and I
presume he does not mean to be understood as
excommunicating our present President. And
he cannot be ignorant of the fact, that each and
all of these Presidents avowed themselves in
favor of this policy. Sir, I aver here, and without
fear of contradiction, that the Democratic party
has, on all occasions, when speaking through its
recognized organs, its national conventions, or
through the Presidents elected by it, uniformly
recognized the policy of a tariff for revenue, with
incidental protection, including the feature of dis-
criminations for protection. No DemocraticPres-
ident has ever yet been elected whose opinions
were regarded as even doubtful on this subject.
V/e all well remember that when James K. Polk
was the Democratic candidate, he was suspected
of having free trade proclivities, and in order to
prevent a defeat he was compelled to write and
publish the Kane letter, and we of Pennsylvania
know, that with that letter in our hands, and ar-
guing from it, and proving by it thatf< Polk was
a better tariff man than Henry Clay," we fought
the battle of 1844 in Pennsylvania, carried the
State and elccted him to the Presidency. Andnow,
sir, to show to those who condemn all protection
as anti-Democratic,and who are disposed to make
platforms for the Democratic party, that the De-
mocracy of Pennsylvania is right on this ques-
tion. 1 beg leave to give a fewextracts from the
messages of several of our Democratic Presidents.
Jefferson, in his second annual message, says:
" To cultivate peace, anil maintain commerce ami navi-
gation m all theiriawful enterprises; to fo«tpr nui fi-henes
us nuiseries ot navigation and for the nurture of man ; and
protect the manufactures adapted to our cneum*tances ; to
pu-suve tin- faith of the nation by an exact discbarge of in
debt- and contracts; these, feilow-eitizen,=. are the land-
marks by which we are to guide ourselves in all our pro-
ceedings."
In his eighth annual message, speaking of the
conversion of capital and industry to manufac-
tures, he says:
"The extent of this conversion is daily morea-mijir, and
little doubt remain& that tiie establishments formed will,
under the auspices of cheaper matenals, &e., and of po-
tcttins; duties and prohibitions, become permanent."
In his sixth annual message, he asks, signifi-
cantly:
" Shall we suppress the imposts, and give that advantage
to foreign over domestic manufacturer
