APiiPPIX TQ CONGRESSIONAL GLOB$.
[February 24,
3jaff| CQPQ...,2D SESS.
The Tariff—Mr. Leidy.
Ho. of Hep?.
Madison, in Ws sp^ond annual message, says:
"To a thriving ^culture, and Uie improvements relat-
ing to it, is added 3 li.ighl'y ipteresitijig extension of usctul
raannfifctiires,*the combined product of professional occu-
pations, and of household industry: How far it may be ex-
nedi.eitt.to guar4;Hje infancy of this improvement in the dis-
>%(.• taKn* Kir i-avnl'itinns nf tho pnmmp.rpial tariff. is
otic? reflection^."
|4o^«oe, iVhis fast annual message, says:
"'Our marfuftptbti,es will require the continued attention
of Congress. The'capital employed in them is considera-
ble/ ifn9 tlte knowledge required m the machinery and fab-
ric,of at! Luc most n^euil manufactures, is of great value.
Their preservation, wliich depends on due encouragement,
is counected witli th,e high interests of the nation."
In Ijis fifth annual message, he says:
" It piay fairjy be presumed that, under the protection
giyen to domestic manufactures by the existing laws, we
shall become, at no'distant period, a manufacturing country
on an extensive scale. 'Possessing, as we do. the raw ma-
terials in such vast amount, with a capacity to augment
the#} to <tu ipde^n^tp extent; raising within the country
aiim<?r>t of every kind to an amount far exceeding the de-
mand for home consumption, even in the most unfavorable
years-, and to be obtained always at a very moderate price ;
skilled, aisov as our people arc, in Uie mechanic arts, and in
every respect calculated to lessen the demand tor, and the
price of, labor; it is manifest that their success m every
branch Of domestic industiy may and will be carried, under
the encouragement given by the present duties, to an extent
to meet any demand which, under i* fair competition, may
be made on it.
"It cannot ^e doubted that the more complete our inter-
nal resources, and the less dependent we are 011 foreign
Powers for every national, as well as domestic purpose, the
greater and nipre siaLsJe will be the public felicity. By the
increase of domestic manufactures will Uie demand lor the
rude materials'it home be increased; and thus will the de-
pendence of Uie sjeveral parts of our Union on each other,
and the strength of the Union itself, be proportionally aug-
mented."
Jackson, in his first annual message, says:
" The general rule to be applied in graduating the duties
upon articles of foreign growth or manufacture, is that
which will pljice our own jn fair competition with those of
other countries, and the inducements to advance even a
step beyond this point are controlling in regard to those ar-
ticles which are of primary necessity in time of war.
" We must ever expect selfish legislation in other na-
tions, and are, therefore, compelled to adapt our own to
their regulations in the manner best calculated to avoid
serious injury, and to harmonize the conflicting interests of
our agriculture, commerce, and manufactures."
James K. Polk, in his first annual message,
Bays:
"Asystepiofmi valorem revenue duties, with proper dis-
criminations, and proper guards against ftaud in collecting
them, it is not doubted will afford ample incidental advant-
ages to the manujacturers."
Again:
" Care should be taken that all the great interests of the
country, including manufactures, agriculture, commerce,
navigation, and the mechanic arts, should, as jar as may be
practicable, derive equal advantage from the incidental pro-
tection which* a just system of revenue may affoiit."
Will the^e authorities satisfy the honorable
geflt,len\an on this point ? Ha,d he not be.tter begin
to look ground for the 0I4 land-marks of the party
before the day of inquisition draws near, le?t he
should be found outside the pale? Sir, when we
of Pennsylvania find our views on this subject
coinciding \yith those expressed by Jefferson,
Madison, J^pnroe, and Jackson, by Polk and
■Buchanan, we have little cause to heed threats of
excommunication coming any (juarter. Shall I
be told that to-day the Democratic Administration
is divided on this question ? Who, I ,ask, is to be
regarded as the exponent of the principles of the
national Democracy op this question? Is it the
President, whose opinions and votes had time and
again been placed upon the legislative records of
his country, and had been "known and read of
all men," whom the Democratic p^rty, with afuil
knowledge of these opinions, and a firm confi-
dence in his adherence to a policy which he had
during a long life advocated, had elected to the
Presidency? Or is it the Secretary of the Treas-
ury whoso peculiar views on the subj:ct of rev-
enue and protection have not yet been parsed
upon by that great party ?
Do I hear some one inquire if this policy forms
any part of the Cincinnati platform? I answer,
there is nothing in that platform which in the least
conflicts with it. When that platform was adopt-
ed, the tariff question was not an issue before the
people. The country was then prosperous. Noth-
ing in the state of the finances, or in the business
condition of the country, seemed to call for action,
or indicate any change as desirable. And as the
prineiples and pQlicy ®f the party in relation ts
revenue and protection were regarded as long set-
tled, that convention merely announced a general
policy, without reference to any particular con-
dition of things then existing, or any change that
was about to be made. The term used by that
convention was " progressive free trade;" which,
if it bad any reference whatever to the adjustment
of duties on imports, I take it, means that it is the
true policy of the Government to reduce the rates
of these duties as fast as the condition of the na-
tional finances and the industrial interests of the
country will permit, without injuriously affecting
either. It is evident the President so understood
it, from the fact that, as the nominee of that con-
vention, he accepted the platform; and now, as
President, (a reduction of the rates of duties haying
been made since the adoption of that platform, by
the act of 1857,) he recommends an increase of
the tariff, and its adjustment, with a double view
to revenue and protection.
With this as the correct definition of the term,
progressive free trade," Ijam also in favor of
such a policy. I regard the true policy of a na-
tion, possessing advantages such as nature has
given to us, to be, first, progressive restrictions,
up to a certain point; and then, by a descending
scale, progressive free trade. For an infantna-
tion, without the capital, the labor, the machine-
ry, and the skill necessary to prosecute advant-
ageously and successfully the different branches
of iudustry, the products of \yhich are essential
to subsistence and comfort, to impose $t once,
upon such products, when imported, a high rate
of duties, would be oppressive, and must retard
the progress of the people. As the means for
supplying their own wants increase, the restric-
tions may and ought to increase, both for the
purpose ofrevenueand protection; but when, by
reason of the accumulation of capital, the increase
of labor, the improvements in machinery, the
construction of railroads and canals, and other
facilities for the successful prosecution of these
branches, they have attained a point at which
they can, with less protection, compete with other
nations, then such duties would at once become
prohibitory, and would cease to afford revenue,
and hence the policy should be changed, and a
steady, but judicious, progression towards free
trade, become the policy. But this progression
must not be so rapid as to affect injuriously the
national finances or the industry of the people.
I am well aware, Mr. Chairman, that the stand-
ard works on political economy, almost without
exception, present to us the free-trade policy as the
true policy by which the commercial intercourse
between the different nations should be regulated;
ami they have not failed to present it to the enlight-
ened nations of the earth in ali its attractiveness.
Cut I am equally well aware that,atthesame time,
all the enlightened nations of the earth, including
those vyho are proud to enrol the names of these
free-trade theorists among their shkiing lights,
have in practice adopted the directly opposite
policy; and while they have been teaching free
trade, they have been practicing the most unlim-
ited restrictions; while they have assented to the
doctrines of these writers as sound, under a given
condition of things, and safe for universal prac-
tice, 110 nation has yet been found that dare haz-
ard its own prosperity and the welfare of the
people by adopting them in practice. With this
practical commentary upon the theory of free
trade, 1 think we neednot hesitate in our refusal
to adopt it.
That a tariff for revenue, with incidental pro-
tection, is constitutional, very few, I think, will
deny. The Constitution itself is explicit in its
grant of the power. It declares that—
"Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts, and provide
for the common defense and general weliare of the United
States."
It is just as clear in its limitation to the exer-
cise of the power, as it is in the grant itself. There
is no power here given to raise any money by
any or all of these means, except what may be
needed for the objects specified; but that amount
may be raided by any one of these means, or
partly by one and partly by the other. Within
the limit before mentioned, however, Congress is
left to the exercise of a sound discretion in the
adjustment of the rates of duties, except that they
must be uniform throughout the States. There
must be the same rates of duties at all places; but
whether they shall be assessed equally upon all
articles of import, or whether some articles shall
be subject to higher and some to lower rates, or
whether some shall be admitted free of duty, and
the amount necessary to be raised levied upon"
the others; whether the duties shall be specific or
ad valorem, are all matters left to Congress to de-
termine as the condition of the Treasury and the
exigencies of the country may From time to time
require. If there were any doubt on this point,
it could be fully established by the words and the
acts of the framers of that instrument and their
cotemporaries. Every President, from Wash-
ington to Buchanan, has given to it this construc-
tion; and every tariff act that has been passed
has recognized it as the true construction. And
where doubt exists, a reference to the construc-
tion put upon it by its framers, and those who
acted with them, is not only a common-sense
mode of interpretation, but a legal rule.
A tariff being a charge upon somebody, either
the producer or consumer, levied for the pur-
pose of defraying the expenses of the Govern-
ment, 1 regard it as the duty of every Govern-
ment, in the adjustment of the rates of duties
which it imposes on foreign imports, so to adjust
them that the least possible portion of this tax
shall fall upon its own citizens, the consumers;
and inasmuch as this cannot be done throughout,
another object, which should be kept prominently
in view, is to secure to its citizens an incidental
benefit, as a compensation for the burdens which
are imposed upon them. Both these objects can
be effected only by a proper discrimination in
favor of our own interests. Another object should
be to render the burdens, as far as tiiis kind of
duties are such, as equal as possible. This can
be done, also, by properly discriminating; and in
all cases, where the duties imposed are designed
to afford any measure of protection, keeping that
protection within the proper limit so that it shall
not become oppressive; and to extend the protec-
tion chiefly to those interests the promotion and
encouragement of which will most advance and
promote all the other interests of the country.
The purpose for which the duty is imposed, is
revenue to meet the expenses of the Government.
The protection, which is thereby extended to our
own industry is incidental, and may be made
more or less beneficial, according as the discrim-
ination is more or less judicious.
1 assume, of course, that these interests, which
are asking protection, require some defense against
the foreign competition with which they have to
contend in our own market; and it is because I
believe this, and believe that it is for the interest
of our country, as a whole, that these interests
should be cherished and promoted, that I advo-
cate for them such protection as we can afford
them within the limits of a revenue tariff. I say
for the interests of the country as a whole. I am
well aware that, in a country like ours, including
a vast extent of territory, embracing every variety
of climate, soil, and production; with diversified,
and, in some instances, apparently conflicting in-
terests, it is very difficult so to adjust a tariff of
duties that all interests shall derive equal advant-
ages from the protection which these duties afford;
for, in many instances, the benefits resulting to
particular interests are purely incidental, growing
out of the prosperity of those more directly pro-
tected: and it is utterly impossible to calculate
with any degree of exactness the amount of this
incidental advantage. But, at the same time, this
very consideration, which creates or increases the
difficulty, adds to the importance of so guarding
and defending our diversified interests that each
shall cooperate with and promote the prosperity
of all the rest.
Is it for the interest of the nation that we shall,
by means of national legislation, encourage and
protect those branches of industry which, in their
present condition, cannot be successfully prose-
cuted without this protection? or, is our interest
best promoted by suffering these interests to be
abandoned, and the capital and labor now em-
ployed in them turned into the other channels
which do not require such aid ? All will agree
that the more capital that is invested in the pro-
1 dvjetive industry of the country, and the uiore
