1859.]
35th Cong....2d Sess.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TheTari£_Mr^ Lddy_
251
Ho. op Reps.
labor that is employed in working up the raw ma-
terial of our own country into articles of neces-
sity, comfort, and utility, the more the wealth of
the country will be increased. That policy, then,
which will bring into the country capital and
Wbor to be invested in the productive industry of
the country, is a sound policy, provided the cap-
ital and labor are invested in those pursuits that
will yield a fair return. As a general rule of
policy, it must be regarded as extremely unwise
and injudicious for a nation or people, in a coun-
try adapted to agriculture, and also possessing,
in an eminent degree, the facilities for becoming
a great manufacturing people, to confine the cap-
ital or labor of the country to either one of these
pursuits, to the exclusion, or even to the retard-
ing, of the progress of the other, for the reason
that the prosperity of the one is so identified with
and -dependent upon the other.
The advocates of fiee trade tell us that the whole
system of protection is a fallacy. You cannot, say
they,create wealth by legislation. So have said
the free-trade political ecuiiomists of England for
ages; but England, without stopping to question
the soundness of these doctrines, has gone on
with her system of protection, not heeding their
beautiful theoties, but regarding only the practi-
cal workings of her system. And I need not say
that she has found that it pays.
If gentlemen mean that you cannot, by a legis-
lative act, inctease the value of your land or your
horse, by simply enacting that either shall be
worth a specific sum, then tlie proposition is tiue.
But H is not true in the sense in which it is ut-
tered and intended to be understood. Although
you cannot met ease the value of your property by
enacting a law declaring it worth a specific sum,
yet, sir, you can by a wise and judicious system
of legislation, iiiCiea.se the faculties lor trans-
porta'ion and liueiconnnuiijcauou, open up new
thoroughfares leading to new nr.rlu ts for the p.od-
ucts of your labor, promote the introduction of
new brau'.hes of industry, eneouiage the work-
ing up at houie of the raw materials of your coun-
tiyinto articles of necessity, utility, comfort,and
hixui v> to supply the di mauds of your own peo-
ple, and you thereby piomofe the general interest
of the State and nation, and incidentally, but as
actually, increase the value of your proper!)*, as if
this increase weie a r<. Sviltto be cifeeted by a spe-
cific enactment. An instance of tin1 effect of wise
and judicious legislation is found m the Slate of
Tennessee. In that State, m ih-*y adop.eJ
a system for constructing laihoads, by gunning
S?ute aid. The amou.it of this St«,te aid was about
$15,000,000. The'resuit of this legislation, rnu
the construction of roads in .a'cordonee with if, is,
that the taxable propel ty of that State has in-
creased in six years n can the sum of' £104,117,295,
to £]77,949,363—a net mcreuse, m six years, of
^,73^832,593. The following statement from the
annual leport of the comptioher shows this re-
sult.
The comptroller, in his annual report to the
Legislature, calls attention to thegreatiy-incieased
value of taxable property in the State, which he
attubutes to the beneficial effects of these lines
of communication. Here are some of lik-s figures:
Value 01 laud m 1SC& $139.3^,34:3
'• '• idjO  o4J le.V'il
Increase  55/203/206
Value of town lots in IC-'G $37.03!). 5(55
" " j^OO  10.5111, K7
Incica^e    J }.22S.3S^
Value ol oihci ta\able  in 1S5C?... .$11.531 Si''I
" ItiSo.... 7,ni3.3"w
Inciease      4,3>6/)01
Total increase  £73,^-2.093
This increase in value of the taxable property ■
of the State, and consequently increase of the ;
wealth of the State, the comptioller attributes to i
the effects ol the railroad system. There is one
ff ature in this statement uii>tl wish to caii at,en- |
1 ion of agueuliunstr; to, ami that is the \ej y p ''at
in tie; v.due^ wf i' ■ 1  jM Tit,; land,
j ■
>14
h/s
H r
taxable property only increased $4,386,604; being
sixty per cent. Now I appeal to gentlemen who
have witnessed the introduction of manufactures
into a community, and ask them if similar results
have not followed ? If the results of the introduc-
tion of manufactures into the community has not
invariably been an increase in the value of rents
of real property, an increase in price of lands,
an increase in price of agricultural products as
well as in the demand, an inciease in the wages of
labor, and an increase of the general prosperity
of the place ? That legislation then which will en-
courage these interests creates wealth in a proper
sense of that term.
But gentlemen will say, these advantages are
local, and the wealth you accumulate in one com-
munity, you abstract from another, so that there
is no aggregate increase. To this I answer, the
nation is made up of communities, and the re-
sults which have been produced in one commu-
nity may be produced in another, possessing
equal advantages. Besides, every nation is itself,
m a proper sense, one great community, having
an identity and a community of interest the same
in kind as that peculiar to any particular locality;
and hence the prosperity and improvement of any
part contributes to the prosperity of the whole.
And this identity and community of interest
makes free trade between the States beneficial to
all, and- at the same time, justifies and makes
proper, judicious restrictions upon such foreign
imports as would conn1 m competition with, and
prove ruinous to our own. If gentlemen mean
that we cannot by th;s kind of legislation increase
the agregate v.vc.ith of the woiU; that a system
which encourage* anv particular bianch of indus-
try in our ow, u coi'iKi y lessens tie' demand for
the products, of fh.tt particular kind of mdustiy
m other countries; and that it is oiu duty to take
care that, m h-«j>iat:ng fur the advancement of
the mteie.>is of\ku p*..qne. and nation, we do not
mterfei e with the intercuts oi other people and
other nations, 1 -hall n «r discuss that point with
them. That is an enlatgcd philanthiopy that I
cannot comprehend; but, to my mind, it iu more
beautiful in theory than practical. We, as a peo-
ple, consume yearly a certain amount of products
which may be manufactured here, if it is profit-
able for us to do so.
Now, this is one of the questions involved in
the adjustment of a lariff, namely: is it true pol-
icy for us, as a nation, U> have our manufacturing
done abroad; or would true wisdom dictate to us
that, so far as ve can, we should have our man-
ufactories, our woik-fohops, at home r The free-
trade theorist says, if the articles can be manu-
fxciured abioed, brought here, and sold to us
cheaper than v.e can manufacture them here, then
it is true policy to buy wheie we can buy cheap-
est. If a ton of foreign iron can be purchased
here for forty dollars, while the domestic article
of the same quality will cost fifty dollars, cer-
tainly the consumer will sa\e ten dollars by pur-
chasing the foreign article. This is plain, says
he, and incoutioveitible. But, sir, the oonect-
ness of this depends, upon some othcr considera-
tions. If the only question involved were the
price of the iron, then it would be a saving, as
is asserted. But the consumer must also inquire
whether there are noisome incidental advantages
resulting to him from having his iron manufac-
tured at home. Suppose he is an agriculturist.
He then inquires how far the demand for agri-
cultural products is increased by having the work-
men, who manufacture this iron, with their fam-
ilies, brought into Ins community; how much
the price of his produce i-i enhanced by this in-
creased dwinand; how much his land is increased
in value by the investment of the capital employed
in this manufacture, in his own vicinity, and Yv hat
benefits generally will accrue to him from the in-
creased business of the community in which he
resides. And, having c m&idered all tln.se ad-
vantages, he is then pten'uvu u, judu;e whether or
not he, will he the gainer oy piuchasing the for-
eign i;t:i. >^o Willi all otle r consume^. They
cannot cTsuiii' tot th^rown p«o ocular hi.men
of \...l Nj equally { ,t i oa-' \\hethv.i
tiie%v pat:*-a:, v* «,h'. i.ome manuue-tuier or tiie
[Jay vhrr' y: n ean lmv < h-apest, ouu sul
wheie Vl!U can sell .o not a sale ru.e.
The true economy is, buy where you can buy
most advantageously, and sell where you can sell
most profitably; for the cheapest purchase is not
always the most profitable one in the end. We
practice upon the latter rule continually in our
own communities in the purchase of almost ail
manufactured articles, for which we pay a higher
price generally than we could procure the same
articles for in our larger cities; but we know that
we are the gainers in the end by supporting our
own home industry. Suppose the boot-maker, in
a country town, goes to the city to buy his hat,
because he can buy it cheaper than the hat manu-
facturer in his town call sell it to him; the hatter,
in turn, goes to the same place for his boots for
the same reason, and so on through the whole
range of business: will such a' town prosper?
Does not every one see that such a course would
very soon prove ruinous to all?
Again: take a town with a population requir-
ing for consumption, yearly, $50,000 worth of
manufactures that they do not produce. Who
confers the greater benefits upon that town and
community—the man who goes abroad and in-
vests his capital in the manufactured products,
brings them to the place and sells them out to the
consumers at a reasonable advance, or the man
who invests the capital in erecting manufacto-
ries in the town, and brings into it the men and
the machinery necessary, and manufactures this
£50,000 worth of goods at their own doors? Un-
doubtedly, the latter.
All are ready to concede, perhaps, that it is our
interest that we should manufacture and produce
everything that we require, provided we can do
it as cheap as the same articles can be furnished
to us from abroad. Well, if this be so, how much
are we benefited by the home manufacture in
such cases ? If it is for our benefit, it must be to
some definite extent that we are benefited. I
am not aware that any one has ever attempted to
fix the per centum of advantage, and presume it
would be very difficult to ascertain it. But what-
evei that benefit is, to that extent we can afford,
without injury to ourselves, to protect our own
industry. If the benefit which we would derive
from home manufacture of articles which we cart
make as cheap as they can be made abroad, be
thirty per cent., then we can protect our home
manufactures to the extent of thirty per cent,
without loss. Let us see if we can get at the
amount of this profit. Take the article of iron.
Wc hove here in abundance the raw material fox
the manufacture of this article: the iron ore, the
cual, and the limestone. This mateual, lying in
our mountains, is entirely valueless. It adds
nothing to the fertility or productiveness of the
soil; and if we go to England and buy her raw
material, and hue her workmen to work it up
m her workshops, and hire her vessels to bring
it to us, or, what is the same thing, buy her man-
ufactured iron here, this raw material of our own
is of no value whatever to the owner of the land,
nor does u in any way add to the wealth of the
nation.
Take now one ton of railroad iron. Suppose
England can manufacture and bring it here and
sell it to us free of duty for $50 per ton, and that
we can make it here for the same price, what do
we gain by making it here? The raw material,
by which I mean the ore, coal, and limestone, in
the ground, which arc required for one ton of rails,
is worth at the lowest calculation five dollars.
We gain, then, five dollars by converting that
whicli was before valueless, into so much money.
Then the manufactuier and all the laborers must
have a profit. This, I presume, we may fairly,
estimate at twenty per cent, which is $10, If the
r on i«a made abroad, this profit goes into the pock-
ets of foreigners: if made here it goes into the
pockets of our own people. Here we have ^15
gain by the home manufacture, which is thniy
per cent, on the supposed price. Now suppose
we cannot make the iron here as cheap as Eng-
land can, and we put a duty of j, 12 p -r ton on if.
and thep'by increase the pte'e that amount, wc
aie still the gamers three dollar s. But besides the
advantage ahovemcntioncd, which we would de
ii\j fio>ii manufaetutnit! our n vti iron ;<t home,
tne'-e me otlvs timt wc emmo; estimate With any
precision, su-'h as iet-aui from the i.i\est iumt of
CM>ila! anioi:g us, the home ma:ket which is ere-
