THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1859.
New Series '
ment has shown how difficult it is to guard against
fraudulent invoices, and they are now charging
duties almost exclusively on the specific prin-
ciple.
The discrepancy between the French statistics
of exportation to this country and ours of import-
ation from that country, present conclusive evi-
dence of overwhelming frauds. It is ceitainly a
great virtue in any principle that it should prevent
fraud and give the country the best quality of
goods. If it is right to exclude adulterated drugs,
by act of Congress, it is just as proper to protect
the people against damage from any other class
of spurious article.
Uut, sir, I hold that the strongest claim which
the manufacturers have upon incidental aid, from
our revenue system, is found in the damage re-
sulting to them from another policy of the Gov-
ernment, over which they have no control. I have
reference to our system of currency, which the
Constitution intended should be com, but which
has degenerated info a system of paper money,
based upon a small percentage of coin. The com-
mittee on banks and banking of the Legislature
of Massachusetts, in a report of a recent date,
on this point, have justly and forcibly said:
" The tariff and the currency are kindied subjects winch
uot and react upon e<telt other; and no financial t>\Mein of
imy country can be ^ucce^tul winch docs not combine
and cause tliem to work m harmony."
And again, speaking of paper money, they
say:
<k As it increases in quantity its standard depreciates m
value ; it stimulate* an ungate competition of all industrial
pursuits by an inflation of piices; it deprives the American
manufacturer of every advantage to be derived from a t;u iff
incidentally piotective, because the foreign manufacturer
is enabled to pay our duties and f-till f>e!l Ins, goods here at
higher priccb than in the home market, which aie in turn
to be paid for in expoitb of gold and Mlvei."
Truer sentiments never were uttered, Mr. Presi-
dent; and this is testimony from the right quar-
ter. If the people of Massachusetts do not un-
derstand this question, no other people sSiouldbe
expected to do so, for they have had great expe-
rience in manufactures and in currency. But it
is beyond dispute, that the manifest tendency of
this fictitious currency is to beget exorbitant nom-
inal values, the consequence being that the price
of every element entering into manufactures bears
a higher value than in Europe, whilst capital is
dearer by from two to four per cent., and the nom-
inal cost of the article produced is swelled in the
same ratio. The producer must be paid for all
this, and a profit besides, or he will fail. It is
tfio clear for dispute, that the American manu-
facturer is paralyzed, to no inconsiderable extent,
by the operation of our monetai y system. It was
well said by the Massachusetts committee, that
it counteracts, to a great extent, the aid which the
manufacturers receive from our revenue laws. In
this alone, Mr. Piesident, is found their strong-
est claim to the benefits of a discrimination m
fixing the rates of duties.
If may be said that this system ofeurreney dam-
ages the agriculturist, also, and that is true; but
the difference is, that the farmer has no foreign
competitor producing under a different system of
curicncy. Indeed, sir, it cannot be disguised that
the ungovernable inclination of the American
people to high prices is a source of weakness to
our country, in its competition with f'oieign na-
tions. Everybody wants to sell at high prices,
and everybody must pay high; and the country
is, therefore, all the while, in a condition to be
well plucked by foreign competitors. The carcer
of California furnishes a striking illustration of
the damaging effects of exorbitant prices. All
of us remember the high prices that pievailed in
that country for a time. A single caigo of goods
would realize a fortune to the owner, and a day's
work was worth three times as much in that State
in those of the Atlantic. But Cab forma, with
all her gold, cmld not stand this system long; and,
after lepeated revulsions and convulsions, her
prn-es have settled down so as to bear a fitrer ic-
lalion to tho&>e of other countries, and she again
56
prospers. It is only singular, sir, that in the face
of all these facts, so many manufacturers main-
tain the policy of an inflated system of paper cur-
rency; and it is still more singular that some who
are constantly laboring to inflate this vicious sys-
tem,should claim to be, par excellence, the friends
of the manufacturer. If I were going to name a
single measuic that would do more for the manu-
facturers of the country than any other, I would
say, dispense with the use of all bank paper of a
less denomination than fifty dollars. People are
all the while complaining of the scarcity of money.
I tell you, sir, we have too much money of the
kind: and we must get clear of the paper element;
and if there be necessary power under the Consti-
tution, Congress should promptly diive it out of
existence in every State of the Union.
But, sir, it has been too much the habit to re-
gard the \ lews of Pennsylva.ma.ns on the subject
of the taiiiY as selfish, and to allege that we seek
what we would not willingly concede to others;
and I must say a woid on this point. Tins im-
plication is not well founded, and I repel it. We
seek the prosperity of the iron business, not only
because it is essential to our interests, but because
we believe that its piosperity will conduce to the
welfare of the whole country. We legard it as a j
great national interest, the raw material being i
found in gieat abundance in one third of the Stati s j
of the Union. It is, besides, one of our great !
elements of national defense and wealth, and will ;
soon become one of commercial power. Its use
is extending with each passing year; and the best
interests of the country require that its produc-
tion should grow m an equal, if not a greater,
ratio. Its growth, though fluctuating, has still
been gradual, and its inciease is very perceptible j
m any term of five or ten years. In 1820 it !
amounted to 10,000 tons; in 1830 to 190,000 tons; |
in 1S40, though the production had fluctuated to j
a greater or less extent at different periods, it had !
reached an aggregate of 310,000 tons; and by ;
1855, its highest point was attained, being about ;
one million tons, equaling about one third of the J
production of Great Britain. There is no natural
impediment m the way of the growth of this pro- '
duction to a most fabulous extent. Our country
abounds with the native element, and our people
possess the enterprise, skill, and mdusti y, to heat
the woild, if you will only protect them for awhile
against the bogus article of the fuieign producer,
and the debilitating influences of an inflated cur-
rency.
As much may be said, indeed, on the latter
point, in reference to the manufacture of wool,
cotton, hemp, cutlery, &c., as to that of iron.
But the production and consumption of iron is
only m its infancy. It is being daily applied to
some new purpose. I can remember when the
idea of an iron plow, an iron btidge, oi an iron
ship, was treated as a flight of fancy. Now iron
is a great element in the construction of all these.
I see it stated that " m 1853, of the one hundred
and fifty steam vessels built in England, one hun-
dred and seventeen were of iron, and that during
the same year eight sailing vessels were built of
, the same material." It is employed in every de-
partment of domestic industry, and devoted to
ornamental as well as substantial uses, supersed-
ing wood, brick, stone, and evii mai ble, and has
become a leading element in the construction of
houses, barns, bridge?, roads, pavements, and
every description of structure, private and public.
The Depaitments at Washington have \ery
wisely encouraged its use in the construction of
public buildings in all parts of the country, as the
cheapest and best material that can beemployed;
holding that, in view of its durability, its use is
tiue economy. Indeed, sir, the iron manufactur-
ers are much indebted to the late Secretary of the
Tteasury—as I hope they shall be to the present
Secrctaty—for what he did m tlus way. Nor is
: us consumption to be confined to our country
alone. The range of its use is b-coming world-
■ wide. It will be demanded in untold amounts in
. all its varieties, and especially in the shape of
fails, in Central and South America, in Tujrke^,
Austria, Russia, and the islands of the sea. Qreat
Britain is now the principal producer, making
about three times as much as the United States,
say three million five hundred thousand tons per
annum; but she cannot supply the demands of the
world, and it is the United States alone that pos-
sesses inexhaustible stores of the law material,
and boundless natural facilities for producing the
article. It is to them, besides,even at this early
date m their history, a great means of national
defense, and must soon become one of wealth and
commercial power. Who, then, is not willing to
countenance and sustain such a branch of indus-
try m its struggling competition, not against a fair
competitor, but against the frauds of the foreign
producer, and the power of foreign capital? Iatji
fieo to confess, sir, my partialities for this inter-
ests; and, whilst doing all that I,can for others, I
shall cherish this as one of leading importance.
But we claim no special or unreasonable favors.
We are not the recipients, under the tariff, of half
the benefits alleged.
But, sir, I now propose to submit a series of
facts touching the process of making, and the
elements entering into the production of iron in
this country and England, whicli have the sanc-
tion of the most experienced and intelligent iron
manufacturers in this country. They are intended
to exhibit the difficulties in the way of the Amer-
ican production, and at the same time establish
the value of the iron business to the agriculture
of the country.
Under the ten years' tarifTof 1846, the follow-
ing importations were made:
Tons. Jlpprai&ed value,
1,007,432 pig and <?crap iron   $15,673,154
1,730,450 laiirottd iroia  60,095,271
],22$'911 wheels, lioops, bars, &c........ 5tt,817.290
3,968.799   134.585,715
124.96S manufactures of iron and steel.. 74.9B0.59i
1 i 3,092 bteei  20,995,066
4,207,059  §230.561.372
Concerning the labor involved in a ton of iron,
it is not my intention to limit it to any locality,
or division of us constituentelements; but to take
all the materials, coal, ore, limestone, &cM in the
mines and quarries, and count up the finished
iron.
In this country the number of tons per man per
annum, would vary vety considerably with the
locality of production, but in England, Scotland,
and Wales, it is more uniform.
After a careful examination of the facte, the
following is deduced;
20 tons of pur iron represent  1 man employed 1 j'ear.
8 toiii of rail< repiesent 1 {l 1 "
6.} ton* of rolled bar*,repru^nt L " 1 "
ton-.of manufacuued iron anU
steel lepiehcnt 1 " 1 "
2* ton>. of steel icprcaeui 1 ts 1 "
Thiee hundred days of labor represent a man
and his family, or five individuals. Each indi-
vidual consumes in Great Britain thirty dollars
per annum of agricultural products in food. In
the United States fifty dollars per head is said to"
be the consumption.
For the sake of adopting some standard of a
dollar as its icpresentative in food, a bushel of
wheat is assumed as its equivalent in value.
By the above data, it would require $150 to sup-
port a family of five persons in Great Britain, and
$250 in "the united States. Then—
1 ton of pig iron consumes..    bushels.
1 ton of laiH consumes  1£-|- u
J ton offoar iron, &c., consumed  23| "
1 ton of s^tee! consumes    fit) "
I tou of manufactures ot non and steel   200 11
If the above iron were made m the United
Sates, the following would he the exhibit;
1 ton of pi" non consumes   12 V bushel«.
1 ton of raik eonpuinch-   ....... 31# "
} ton of bar iron. tee.. consumes   38j£ %s
1 ton of stcei consumes      100 "
1 ton of manufactures, of iron and steel .333K 11
