1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
259
35th Cong....2d Sess.
The Tariff—Mr. Leidy.
Ho. of Reps.
facture, and if so to what extent, depends upon
other considerations, namely: our ability to man-
ufacture the article here in sufficient quantity to
supply the home demand; and if not, whether we
manufacture or produce any article that we can
substitute for it: and next, our facilities for man-
ufacturing or producing, as compared with those
of the foreign producer. If the duty is imposed
upon articles which we do and will consume, but
which we cannot produce, then the price of the
article will be enhanced to the extent of the duty;
but if the duty be imposed upon an article which
we can and do manufacture at home in sufficient
quantity to supply the home demand and at a
rate as low as the foreign article can be produced,
then the price is not necessarily nor ordinarily in-
creased at all. For instance, if we place a duty
of two cents per pound on coffee, it will raise the
price of coffee two cents per pound, because we
do not produce coffee, and we have no substitute
for it that can come into general use; and being
entirely dependent upon the foreign producer for
our supply, if we put a duty upon it, he will of
course make us pay it. But if we levy a duty of
$3 per yard on French cloth worth $6 per yard,
we do not thereby increase the price of French
cloth §3 per yard, because we have American
cloth that we can substitute for it, which we can
manufacture at lower rates.
Again: If a hat can be manufactured in Paris
and sold m our market for three dollars, and a
hat of equal quality can be manufactured here for
three dollars, then a duty of one dollar on the
French hat will not increase the piice of either the
imported or domestic article, because we. have
hat manufacturers enough at home to supply the
whole demand in our market, and the natural
competition will keep the price down to a fair
profit; and, if the French hatter wishes to sell in
our market, he must sell at prices fixed by our
manufacturers, and to do this, he must pay the
duty himself. Is not this common sense? And
is it not in accordance with every one's observa-
tion of the facts ? To deny this, is to assert that
the foreign producers or manufacturers control
our market, and regulate the prices, not only of
what we buy of them, but of what we buy of each
other; and if this be so, it is time that we should
assume the control of onr own markets. No gen-
tleman believes that when railroad iron can be
manufactured here for fifty dollars a ton, that a
duty of twenty-five dollars a ton would increase
the price to seventy-five dollars; or, that a duty
of two dollars a ton on coal would increase the
price of coal two dollars per ton; or, that ten cents
a yard on common muslin, would increase the
price of muslin ten cents per yard. Yet such are
the statements gravely made, under the sanction
of great names, and followed up with formidable
arrays of figures, which, we are told, cannot he,
to show what enormous sums the consumers have
been compelled to pay, first, to the Government,
on the foreign article, and next, to the home man-
ufacturer, on the domestic product, by reason of
these onerous tariffs.
But some men adopt a theory, and then en-
deavor to force results in conformity therewith.
If the theory of such men required that the mo-
tion of the earth should cease at a given hour, the
earth must stop rather than their theory prove
unsound; even though a general " wreck of mat-
ter and a crush of worlds" should be the conse-
quence. So with these men; they have adopted
the theory that tariff is taxation upon consum-
ers; that tariffs in any sense protective are a tax
upon one class for the benefit of another; and,
therefore,unequal, unjust, and oppressive, (under
all circumstances,) and this foices the conclusion
that they should be abolished; and hence these
gentlemen resist an increase of duties, resist dis-
criminations for protection, even if the Treasury
should become bankrupt and the people starve.
But gentlemen will ask why are we seeking a
tariff for the benefit of these interests, if they are
not to be benefited by an increase of price ? J an-
swer, 1 have not been contending that these duties
will not in any instance increase the price. I have
been showing the fallacy of the objection, and the
figures based upon it; that these duties enhanced
the price of both the foreign and domestic product
to the extent of the duty imposed
I havt endeavored to show that, in many cases,
| no increase in the price resulted from the duty;
I and that, in other cases, the increase was not reg-
, ulated by the amount of the duty. I further all-
| swer to this inquiry that, by the imposition of a
S duty which will restrict or lessen importations,
1 you leave to our home producers a more extensive
home market; and the more he sells, the greater
his net income. If, under the present system, the
foreign manufacturer or producer supplies our own
market with one half of those products that are
required for our own consumption, then one half
the profits of those branches of business go to en-
rich the foreign producer, and to add to the wealth
of the foreign nation. But if you impose a tariff
on these imports, so that our manufacturers can
have the control of our own market, and keep out
the foreign product, then the whole profits of the
business go to enrich our own men, and add to the
wealth of our own nation. The producer or manu-
facturer finds his profits doubled by the increased
quantity of his sales, without any additional cost
being imposed upon the consumer.
I shall be told, perhaps, that if the effect of our
policy be to exclude the foreign pioduct, it de-
feats the first ob ject of the tariff, namely, levermc.
To this I reply, we have the lights of experience
on this point. Such has not been the resultof any
former high tariff; and we have no reason to infer
that such would be the effect of an increase of
duties now. The strong reason urged at the time
for the reduction of the tariff of 1846, was that it
yielded too much revenue. 1 have not been con-
tending for, nor would 1 advocate, a rate of duties
which would operate as a prohibition. The in-
creased rates would give mcieased revenue, with
less importation; and, again, even with a tariff
which would give our manufacturer and producer
the control of our market, at fair rates, the for-
eign product would still come in, to some extent;
yes, to as gieat an extent as we are able to buy.
The foreign manufactuier, after having supplied
his home market, at regular rates of profit, must
dispose of his surplus somewhere else; and if he
cannot make a large profit, by reason of the duty,
he must sell at small profits; consequently, he
will, outof hisordinary profits, pay the duty, and
thus put his products into our market. Then,
there are the purchases of iron, &c., made in rail-
road bonds, which no duty, short of entire pro-
hibition, could prevent. Of course, to the extent
these goods come in, they will interfere with the
home market, and thus lessen the benefits to our
manufacturers; but, as I said before, experience
teaches us that a reasonable increase of the rates
of duty will not diminish the revenue.
The next point, in the discussion of this sub-
ject, is specific duties. The object of a tariff, such
as I have been advocating, is two-fold, namely,
revenue and protection—revenue as the first and
principal object, protection as the incident. With
reference to both these objects, that mode of as-
sessment should be adopted which would effect
the objects with the most regularity. The ex-
penditures of the Government are not to any great
extent affected by the financial condition of the
country. It requires about the same sum to meet
the ordinary expenses when the business of the
country is depressed as when it is prosperous;
and hence that mode of assessing the duties to
raise the required revenue which is least liable to
fluctuation should be preferred. The amount of
our importations, as well as the price of the pro-
ducts imported, depends, to a very great extent,
upon the condition of the business of the country.
In adjusting your tariff on the ad valorem prin-
ciple, you take a year of fair, average importa-
tions and prices, and base thereon your estimates
of the amount of revenue that you will receive.
Let a year of great prosperity succeed, and the
amount of your importations increases, and, at
the same, the prices advance; the result is a two-
fold increase of revenue. But let a year of de-
pression succeed, and a consequent reduction in
quantity and price, and you have a two-fold de-
crease in your revenue; whereas if the duties
were speciiic, the only fluctuation to which they
would be subject, would be that occasioned by
I the difference in the quantity imported.
As a protective measure undei the ad valorem '
system, when the price of the articles protected i
is the highest, and consequently less protection ]
needed, the tariff is also highest, and when the
price is down to a ruinous rate, the duty, or pro-
tection, is proportionally reduced. If we regard
the tariff as a tax, there is no increased burdens
imposed by substituting specific for ad valorem
duties. The amount required must be raised;
and when prices are high we pay higher duties,
when the price is low we pay lower; whereas if
they were specific, we should pay the same each
year, and by passing through a period of pros-
perity, and one of depression, we should find
that at the end the amount of the taxation would
be about the same under either form of duties;
but, under specific duties, the consumer would
pay about an equal amount each year. It seems
tome, therefore, that, whether for purposes of
revenue or protection, the specific duties are least
' objectionable; and that if we regaid it as a tax,
; there are no additional burdens imposed thereby
! on the consumer. It is true they will not admit
! of universal application; but the advantages they
! present call for their adoption whenever it can be
| done without injustice or inequality. The ad-
; vantages of specific duties over ad valorem, in the
1 prevention of fiauds upon the revenue, need only
i be adverted to. No one can fail to see that, when
; the duties are so much per ton, so much per
yard, &c., there is less difficulty in detecting frauds
arising from false invoices and undervaluation,
than when the duty is assessed at a certain per
centum on the value of the article at a foreign
port. Yet there is a very large class of commod-
I Jties on which it would be impossible to fix a spe-
' cific duty without manifest injustice, and, of
course, on these we must adhere to the ad valorem.
1 have used the word " protection" whenever
I have had reference to the benefits which I de-
sire to see extended to our manufacturing and
other industrial establishments under such a sys-
tem of duties as I have been advocating. But I
desire to be clearly understood, that by the use
of this term*I mean only a constitutional protec-
tion, protection within the limits of a revenue
tariff. 1 have not spoken of any particular rates
of duties as necessary to raise the revenue re-
quired; that is a matter that is to be settled by
calculation; but I have no doubt a strictly reve-
nue tariff, properly adjusted with judicious dis-
criminations, will afford incidentally all the pro-
tection which our own industry now requires.
We are sometimes told that this system (of pro-
tection) is calculated to benefit the rich iron-mas-
ters and other manufacturers and wealthy corpo-
rations at the expense of their employes and
others. Mr. Chairman, this objection comes with
a bad grace from those who are, year after year,
advocating on this floorthe abrogation of the duty
on railroad iron for the benefit of railroad compa-
nies. It comes with a bad grace from those who
would take from the wool-grower the pittance of
protection which had been extended to him and
give it to the wealthy manufacturer of the East.
Sir, when talking on this point, we naturally re-
cur to the influences which were used to bring
about the reduction of the tariff of 3846, in the
last Congress. Who asked for that reduction?
Was it the operatives of these establishments who
sought to be relieved from the unjust burdens
which they felt were imposed upon them for the
benefit of their employers ? Was it the laboring,
industrious classes who came to your doors and
demanded this change of policy? Where are the
petitions signed by these men and presented to
this House, asking for relief?
Sir, we know that the tariff of 1846 was reduced
by a combination of other influences and other
interests; by an unholy alliance between southern
free traders and eastern manufacturers; not for the
puipose of reducing the protection extended by
the former act to these manufacturers, for the ben-
efit of their consumers, but for the purpose of
getting the duty reduced on articles which enter
into their manufactures, and thereby increasing
their protection. And, as to the means used to
bring about this reduction, I need only refer to
the testimony in the case of Lawrence, Stone &
Co.
But, Mr. Chairman, I stand not here to-day to
plead m behalf of manufacturing companies, or
of the proprietors of these establishments. They
have the power, especially in times of depression,
to defend themselves. When labor is abundant,
and no demand for it, they will take care to pro-
