260
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indian Depredations in New Mexico—Mr. Otero,
Ho* or Reps.
tect themselves by a reduction of the wages of
labor—down even to the lowest point, if neces-
sary. At such times it is, that they have the
power in their own hands; and they seldom fail
to exercise it; so far, at least, as may be neces-
sary to save themselves. But, sir, I stand here
to present other claims and other interests. I
plead in behalf of an empty Treasury; I urge the
importance of sustaining unimpaired your na-
tional credit; I remonstrate against the creation
of a national debt.
I would urge these considerations as motives
for increasing our present rates of duties. And,
sir, I further plead in behalf of the languishing
industry of your country; in behalf of agricul-
turists whose produce seeks in vain for a remu-
nerating market; in behalf of laborers thrown out
of employment; in behalf of the operatives of
these manufacturing establishments who are de-
pendent upon the labor furnished at these institu-
tions for tlve means of supporting themselves and
their families; these men whose sweat and toil
give value to your raw material; the men .who cul-
tivate your farms, who make your railroads, who
manufacture your engines, who mine your ores,
and transform them into gold to fill your coffers;
in behalf of these interests and these men, I would,
were it in my power, present an argument and
an appeal which would convince the judgment,
and reach the heart. If gentlemen who sneer at
protection as a " Pennsylvania measure," could
have seen what we have seen,and heard what we
have heard, within the last eighteen months, as
the results of tlie prostration of the business of
the country ; if you had seen the man of strong
arm and willing mind wandering from place to
place, begging (or work at any price; and when
denied that boon, forced to beg fur bread; if yon
could have seen strong men and true-hearted
women imploring and besccchinef thitf they might
be saved from the degtadation of becoming public
paupers; if you could have gone into the abodes
of these families and witnessed the privations
which they had from day to day endured before
their proud hearts could yield to the stern neces-
sity of becoming dependents upon thccharitics of
their more fortunate neighbors; if you could have
witnessed'these things as we have witnessed them,
every noble impulse of your souls would have
been moved in their behalf, tfir, when [ contem-
plate the state of things which existed, and to
some extent still exists, among us, I cannot won-
der at the political* revulsion winch occurred in
my State last fali. We may philosophize as wo
will, and endeavor to explain the causes which
have combined to bring about this result; but, sir,
there is no argument that can prevail against the
cry for bread. And when crowds of industrious,
Willing workingmen stand idle on your wharves,
and behold millions of dollars' woith of foreign
products landed at their feet—products which
their skill and industry could have furnished for
you of equal quality, while (hey ere fowed for
want of employment to beg for hi pad, no wonder,
sir, that they should question the wisdom of that
policy which refuses to protect their labor against
such a ruinous foreign competition.
And is there no power in this Government that
can be legitimately exeicisod for the relief of these
won? these men, whose labor-hardened hands
and brawny arms and stalwart f. ames and vig-
orous minds, constitute the great capital of your
industrial institutions? And if there is, will hon-
orable gentlemen on this floor refuse to exercise
that power? and reply to their appeals, •' Penn-
sylvania wants protection !"5 Sir, Pennsylvania
comes not to this House to a;>k for alms. She
seeks not a bounty at your hands. She asks that
her industry shall not b1' ciuohod by the power
of a majouty—no, by the power of a minority,
in this House. She demands that constitutional
protection to her interests which she has a right,
to demand, and her nghf to which has been con-
ceded by every Administration that 1ms been in
power since the organization of this Government.
She asks for herself what she has always bee*'
leady to grant to her sister States. Pennsylvania,
sir, has ever been fiee from the spirit of section-
alism. She has known " no East, no West, no
North, no Soutu." Wuh her the interest, the
integrity, the honor, the prosperity, and the per- '
petuity of the Union, have been the considerations i
which prompted her action. And when any sec-
tion, no matter from what quarter, has presented
itself here, invoking the powers of the Govern-
ment, either for redress of wrongs, or in vindica-
tion of its rights, Pennsylvania has never with-
held her voice or her vote. Her loyalty to the
Union is above suspicion; and her loyalty to the
great and enduring principles of the national De-
mocracy has never been questioned. But when
she sees her claims repudiated, her interests dis-
regarded, her industry crippled, her prosperity
checked, and her people charged with selfishness
and sectionalism, because she seeks to avoid a
national debt, to replenish an empty national
Treasury, and to protect the industry of her
people by a constitutional and a Democratic pol-
icy, she cannot be expected to acquiesce. She
will never permit platforms to be framed for her
by those whose Democracy can embrace no in-
terest beyond the lines which bound their own
States, and limit the influence of their peculiar in-
stitutions. On former occasions, she has turned
aside to right such wrongs, through the omnipo-
tent power of the ballot-box; and if gentlemen
here are determined to force again such a result,
the choice rests with them, and with them the
consequences.
I speak on my own responsibility; judge ye
what I say.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN NEW MEXICO.
SPEECH OF RON. M. A. OTERO,
OF NEW MEXICO,
In the House of Representatives,
Ftbruary 21, 1859.
The House being m the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. OTERO said:
Mr. Chairman: Perceiving, from the temper of
Congress at this time, that nothing will be done
towards the consideration of territorial business
this session, I have availed myself of the piesent
opportunity to say somewhat m regard toa subject
which interests and concerns my constituents in a
considerable degree. I had flattered myself, and so
1 had informed many of my personal and political
j friends in the Territory I have the honor to repre-
| sent upon this floor, that during the present ses-
11 sion many of the important measures which I have
i! brought to the attention of this House, and failed
i' during the last session of Congress, would un-
doubtedly pass at this. I was led to this conclu-
;i ston from the avowed promises made' to me the
|j past session, to the effect that if I did not press
:j my demands then, 1 would receive at this session
:j that consideration whieh justice to my people and
;j Territory seems to require. Put 1 have been
\\ sadly disappointed in my expectations; for, as I
;■ have said, it appears that nothing will be done for
\ our Territories. Tins, I think, is the first time,
since the existence of the Government, thatCon-
j| iirtMS has failed or denied to give or set aside a
: lew days for the consideration of territorial busi-
j: nefs exclusively.
ij .Hut I do not desire to occupy the time of the
I committee on this topic, and that is a question
, which more particularly concerns n->y eonstitu-
;, enU and myself, and which I shall have to explain
■ to thorn; although, in this particular, I shall have
to contend against the envy, rivalry,and misrep-
, rrsentution of my opponents at home, Ifeelcon-
;; scions, however, that I have performed my duty
' here; and I am determined to meet every attack
: that will bo aimed at me m consequence of the un-
avoidable circumstances that tins Congress has
encountered. It is needless for me to state what
, tho&e circumstances aie; you know them, sir, and
, the whole country knows them. Besides the ox-
II hauKted condition of the national Treasury, the
1 Congress is suffering under a spasmodic fit of econ-
omy, which may be beneficial to political parties
in tin: State?, but which, at the syme time, is damn-
in-? to the interest and prosperity of the Territo-
ries But I shall not dwell upon tins subject at
present, bat will hurry to the principal olueetior
which 1 have risen upon tins floor; winch is ihn
consideration of the leport of the 3ecieMt-y of th-
Interior and Conmnssj oner of Indian A flairs, upon
the claims which the citizens of the Territory of j
New Mexico have against the Government for
Indian depredations. The Committee on Indian
Affairs, I am happy to say, has reported a bill
providing for the examination of all those claims,
which has been referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, where, I fear,
it will remain, at least for this Congress. I desire
to make a few observations with regard to that
bill, and give a brief history of my action and
conduct in reference to these claims.
Mr. Chairman, since I have been in Congress,
and have had the honor of representing the,in-
terests of the people of the Territory of New
Mexico upon this floor, there have been brought,
for the consideration of this body, several meas-
ures in which my constituents have felt much in-
terest and concern; few, however, can compare
with this. This bill proposes that a commission
be formed for the purpose of examining the claims
which the citizens of that Teriitoiy have against
this Government in consequence of Indian dep-
redations; the commission to be composed of the
superintendent of Indian affairs and two agents.
It requires no appropriation whatever.
When I first came to Congress, I found that
many claims were filed in the Interior Depart-
ment with regard to Indian depredations from
New Mexico. No action had been taken upon
them up to that time; and it was not until the lat-
ter part of the first session of the Tliuty-Foui th
Congress, shortly after 1 was admitted to take a
seat upon this floor, that the Secretary of the In-
tel io r was authorized and directed by law to ex-
amine and report upon those claims. In the pas-
sage of that law I was instrumental; and i have
ever since labored to bring the subject before
Congress for itsaction. Nearly at the close of last
session, after repeated importunities from me, the
Secretary submitted his report upon the subject;
but not m time, however, to have action upon it.
It was postponed until this session, when, imme-
diately upon the reorganization of the House, I
appeared before the Committee of Indian Affairs,
and impressed the member thereof with the ne-
cessity of adopting the hill which i had pieviously
introduced into the House, and had referred to
! that committee. I felt then, and I feel now, a
j great concern in the speedy consideration of the
j subject; and 1 am happy to acknowledge, sir, that
I my wishes were readily complied with by this
committee, which authorized the gentleman from
j Ohio [Mr. Leiter] to repoit a substitute for my
| bill, but one which meets with my cordial ap-
proval, ai I think it will answer the great object
I desire to accomplish m my bill, i think, sir,
that bill ought to pass; ami I hope, before I sit
down, to satisfy the committee of the justice and
propriety of its passage. The protection of the
Government requires it, and the amount of the
claims involved demand it. Justice to both par-
ties—the claimants and the Government—require
it; and the Commissioner of Indian Allans, m his
annual report to the Secretary of the Interior, calls
your attention to it. He says:
lS 0'ir citizen-; m that Terutoryhavc sufkupd f^verety
from Indian depiedatiuns .,inc- Us aeijuiMh'sn by the Uni-
ted States. Claims have been sent in lot property lost in
That manner amounting to 5516.100 68. The attention of
Congies-s has heietoJore caiied to tin- subject <>i these
demands, and it 15, for that body to duteriainft what couue
shall be adopted in leyard to their liquidation."
It is manifest to that Department, from what 1
have just read, and I hope to be able to satisfy
this body also, that the citizens of that Terntcry
hnve suffered severely from Indian ho.stil'ties
since the acquisition of that country bv the Uni-
ted Scates. The Secretary of the Interior, m Ms
report upon these claims last session, recom-
mends that a commission be authorized by Cot>-
rcss with a view of examining then.. In the ie
find the
bers
one, two, and three:
! c The clyims of the fict cla s [^ay? t!;^ C.unmi^-imifi]
1 an- a!j h:e-j' ii by tj-p Manife, ''arms ber/i iii- d ivi'hui
OiiT'A year* H'rri the nMc^Pd depredation ua- '•(miimueu.
Theckui.H of the second eli-^atr me >4sonn tukau b«"n
f.>initti:t<\! by iMdua- hi ; mny wan ;ne SiMf--. or
tacn j- i lie-, i.uv tiiiy in tl>" (mImu eon- m - . an ' do ];<>..
fix" -in,conn' v/.;' ;,i thr jefvw.e. • r1 c >> jr >>\)v
'j'!. ' ela.uj- of the i'n;d r I .**.! i  ■ <- v Ut- i, o-
\ ui.il,. «_>! ,ct {I'll If! rob< (>!) " I \ "d '! ?ll ' . ' ": 1 -
iiiuo m lejatiMi to rheni. a- • -li a h Lum   t • the
eiaitii.-u?v.d m the ot.,ei ua.-iOs, l^alioi an u puns
charactei," &c.
port of Commissioner iVlnnvp^nny, I find
following clarification of those claims—num
