1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
261
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Indian Depredations in Neiv Mexico—Mr. Otero.
Ho. of Reps.
I Will not discuss such claims as arise under the
third "'ass, for it is admitted by the Commissioner
that they come within the provisions of the In-
dian intercourse act, and they must be recognized
by Confess. The only question is with regard
to the claims involved in the first two classes, and
which the Commissioner argues to be entirely
without the provisions of the intercourse act.
Mr. Chairman, the claimants do not rely solely
upon the mentioned act for the payment of their
claims against this Government for Indian depre-
dations. They base their rights upon obligations
more sacred and more binding, m my humble
opinion, upon this Government; they base them
upon the expressed promises and assurances of
the agent of the Government, who took posses-
sion of that Territory. He proclaimed to the peo-
ple of that country that he was acting under posi-
tive instructions ft om his Government in every-
thing that he promised to them; and for the better
satisfaction of gentlemen present, who may be
disposed to disbelieve my statement, I will read
from General Kearny's proclamation to the peo-
ple of the Territory, dated July 31, 1846. He
says, after assuring the people that he entered
that Territory with a strong army, for the pur-
pose of seeking union with and amelioration of
the condition of the inhabitants:
" Tins f do under inductions from the Government, and
with tin"1 a^suiance that I sii.xll be amply sustained m the
accomplishment of this- object." jj
On the 22d of August, he issued the following -|
proclamation: ;
" The undeisiened has instructions from his Government ,.
to l expect tiit* religious iinstitutions of New Mexico; to pio-
tect the pioperty of the Church ; 10 cause the worship of ,
tho-«e boioiiyni^ to it to bo undisfuibed, and their religions
iiijuts iri th1-' nmph'st manner preserved to them; aUo, to
protect the m'r-ons arid piopeity of all quiet and peaceable 1
inhabitant- witimi its boundaiu-s against theii enemies, the
ITtah^, the Navajoe.-, ami uiheis."
The people of that Territory, at that time, relied
upon such assurances made by General Kearny.
Theie was no intercourse act spoken of in the
proclamation—none but protection to persons and
property against our common enemies, the Utalis
and the Navajoes and others. Under these assur- j
ances they laid down their arms, believing that ;
better and happiei days were about to shine upon ;
them and their countiy. The forlorn hope, Judea ;
at Bethlehem, did not view with greater joy the j
coming; of the wise men of the East to pay their \
homage to the new hope of the world, than did [
that people experience, when they saw the tn- \
umphal march of those warriors of the east bear- '
ing the ensign bird of the Republic, and the ban- j
ncr which was to them the beacon-light of peace, j
liberty, and happiness. They were hailed and I
welcomed with hosannas of joy, and received in
the embrace of that generous people with smiles ;
of gratitude, for the day of their deliverance had j
arrived. And wherever General Kearny, who i
had promised them protection, went, the people
vied with each other in then* endeavors to mam- j
fest their gratitude to him, as the representative i
of the Government, for the promises he had made; I
and, in a letter to the Adjutant General, he says:
" Theie can no longer be apprehended any organized re-
sistance m this Tej mot y to our tioop* ; and the commander
of them, whoovc-i he may be, will horeaftei have nothing to ;
attend to but to seciue the inhabitants from further depre- j
dation*? from the Navajoes and Utahs." 1
And on his trip down the Rio Abajo, or south- 1
ern Rio Grande, he directed the attention of the i
people not only to the proclamation he had is- j
sued, but also made public speeches, assuring
them of the protection of the Government, and 1
compromising it to the payment of any property ;
that might be stolen or driven away by the In- |
dians from the citizens of the Territory, when !
that protection faded. The people believed him, !
in all that he said and promised them, for, as he \
said in his proclamation, he was acting under in- |
structions from his Government. |
Now, sir, as the Representative or Delegate of \
that people, I ask the fulfillment of those assur- j
ances and promises: Will you comply with them, j
or will you not? That is the only question, in j
my opinion, and not whether our claims come '
within the provisions of the intercourse act of ,
1834, as Commissioner Manypenny would have !
you suppose.
All those cases which the Commissioner speaks
of as bemg barred by the statute, and not shown
to have been committed by Indians in amity with !
i the dinted States, are cases that have arisen pre- J
! vious to the introduction of the intercourse act in ,
I that Territory. That act was not in force in that ;
I country until its organization under this Govern- t
[ ment in 1850, when the Governor was made ex j
j officio superintendent of Indian affairs. The peo- i
i pie were ignorant of such act; they relied upon |
I the promises of General Kearny. But, sir, if:
! what General Kearny promised be not sufficienti
j and satisfactory, I request the attention of the j
House to the ninth article of the treaty of Gua-
dalupe Hidalgo, which reads as follows:
" Mexicans who, in the territories aforesaid, shall not
preserve the character of citizens of the Mexican Republic,
conformably with what is stipulated in the preceding arti-
cles, shall be incorporated into the Union of the United
States, and be admitted at the proper time, to be judged of
by the Congress of the United States, according to the pun-
ciplesofthe Constitution; and in the meantime shall be
officers in that Territory since you took posses-
sion of it. They will answer you the question.
See what the Secretary of the Interior says upon
the subject:
" I would state that the claims, so far presented and ex-
amined, amount to .$502,986 68, but the Department is in-
formally advised that claims to a much larger amount will
eventually be presented."
Does not this seem to indicate what has become
of the stock and cattle of the citizens of that Ter-
ritory ? Yes. It has been stolen and driven off
by the Indians. Have you, then, complied with
the provisions of the treaty of Guadalupe Hi-
dalgo? Have you " maintained and protected"
; us in the free enjoyment of our liberties and prop-
j erty ? It seems not, if your heads of Depart-
! mentsandthe records in those Departments speak
I the truth. They stand in judgmentagainst you,
and an evidence of your failure to extend that
ui in'; wiiMiiuiMiii , unu. tn itt k vwwiutiitti s/iuu oe 1 I _ . • . , 1  .« /  ,1 rr  •. t « 1
maiitlaintd and prolecfed in the free enjoyment of their lib- Pr°f-ectl0n to the Citizens of that Territory, which
ertij ami property, and secuied m tiie free exercise of their ! you SO solemnly promised and agreed todo, by the
religion without restriction.'3 j assurances of your authorized officers, and the
I cannot think, sir, that any one under such ji kMing obligations of your treaty. There let them
circumstances, and with such an array of evi- 1 stand to the shame of this Government. It will
dence before him, can pretend to deny that these .; at Jeas.t.100 consolation to them to know what faith
claims are not comprehended within the sacred I a r?hance may hereafter be placed upon your
obligations of the treaty stipulation, and the faith : Pfomis®s. It is a sad matter for me to concern-
of the Government compromised by the solemn :! P'ate when 1 think of what our sufferings have
promises of its agent or authorized representative, l! ,e-en smce t^ie acquisition of that Ferritory by
Mr. Chairman, the citizens of New Mexico un- !l V"8 Government, for we have been literally aban-
derstood, and do no w believe, that the solemn as- !! d°ne,d t0 the mercy of the savages that infest the
surances of your agent, made to them at that time, ji w'10*e country.
would, and will be, comphcd with; and when they j! We had hoped, when you took possession of
saw the treaty, and read the article referred to, ]j that Territory, that all our troubles were at an
they felt confident that its sacred obligations upon ]! end; but we seem to have been doomed to bitter
this Government would be carried out. j' disappointment. Our property has been stolen;
It may be said that the protection which was j
promised, was given. 1 deny it, sir; and it is of j
that which we complain. You have failed to de- !
fend us in accordance with your solemn and sa- ]
cred obligations. You have failed to protect us 1
ui our lives. Y>Tc ask you, atluast, to satisfy our ,
claims for property stolen by the Indians. And
if you do not believe these claims to come within
the assurances of General Kearny, or the treaty
stipulation, give us at least an opportunity, by
the passage of this bill, to satisfy you of the jus-
tice of them. The bill proposes no appropriation
in advance of the proper investigation and exam-
ination of the claims. The people of New Mexico
desire no advantage; they wish not to come here
with ex parte, testimony; they want the Gov-
ernment to satisfy itself of the justice of their
claims. It is not for them alone that I ask the
passage of this act; it is for your benefit, also.
I have -stated, sir, that this Government has
failed to give the people of New Mexico that pro-
tection winch was promised them; I desire to
prove it. Much has been said already of the un-
protected condition of a frontier of a sovereign
State, Texas, and you are threatened with a dis-
solution in consequence of it. If Texas, with a
population of some three or four hundred thou-
sand inhabitants, and a frontier embraced within
no more than ten degrees of cast and west longi-
tude, and harassed by no other tribe than the
mere Camanches, complain so bitterly of your
neglect, what, sir, then, ought to be the complaints
of our people, with the knowledge of the circum-
stances referred to above, a population of not
more than one third of that of Texas, and a fron- :
tier embracing twelve degrees of longitude east i
and west, and seven degrees of latitude north and \
south of the Territory? for we are literally sur- J
loundod on all sides of the compass by hostile '
tribes of Indians. What, I say, must we think, j
under such circumstances? And for this frontier I
we have, I believe, nine military posts, while I
Texas has something like nineteen. |
Now, sir, when the Territory of New Mexico |
was acquired by this Government, there grazed !
over her grass-covered mountains, plains, and j
valleys, according to reliable information, some j
two million head of stock, sheep alone; to say \
nothing of the thousands and hundreds of thou-
sands of cattle and stock of other kinds. To-day
you do not find one quarter of that sum. What
has become of them? How have they disap-:
peared ? Has there been an epidemic among
our people have been violated and murdered, and
our children taken into captivity; and the old
rude crosses and heaps of stone which attracted
the eye of the traveler as he traveled from one
part of the*Territory to the other have not re-
mained alone, but new ones have been added to
their number, telling the mournful story of mur-
dered relatives and friends, who have fallen or
gone to an untimely grave. You cannot visit a
village or a hamlet in the entire Territory but
you hear the sad tales of murdered friends and
relatives.
These are melancholy truths, Mr. Chairman.
I know them to my sorrow; for, not many miles
from my home, stand several crosses, the evi-
dences of the untimely death of dear relations,
who were murdered by the savages.
Mr. Chairman, if you desire proof of these
facts, it can be furnished. I mention them here
solely for the purpose of showing you that tho
people of New Mexico complain that the protec-
tion that was promised has not been extended to
them; and that, having failed in that, they ask
that something might be done to have their claims
for Indian depredations examined; and if they
come within the provisions of the treaty or the
intercourse act, that they may be allowed; and
if not, then they will be satisfied. I trust, there-
fore, that an opportunity may be offered them to
test the right and justice of their claims. And 1
hope that the bill now under consideration may
be passed. It creates no new offices, it requires
no appropriation. It is a simple bill to give the
citizens an opportunity to present their claims
properly before the Government.
I desire here, sir, to advert to the recent war with
the Navajo tribe of Indians in the Territory of New
Mexico. I am glad that the consideration of this
subject gives me an opportunity to saysomething
with regard to the difficulties between the Indians
and the American troops; for, in my opinion, the
citizens had nothing to do with them, save that
they have been the sufferers, in consequence of
that war. I will endeavor to give, as literally as
I can, the history of this much-talked-of Navajo
war. From the information that I have in my
possession, it appears that the difficulty arose be-
cause a negro, belonging to an officer of the Army,
was killed by an Indian belonging to the Navajo
tribe. What was the reason or cause for that
murder, on the part of the Indian, I do not know.
Yet I cannot bring my own mind to the conclu-
sion that the murder was a willful one, and with-
them, I ask ? No, sir ! 1 answer emphatically, j out provocation; if not on the part of the negro,
no, sir ! Look at the records of your Depart- j et least on the part of somebody else connected
ments—the reports of your Federal and military '
with the fort. There must have been something
