1859.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
35th Cong....2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
It will be recollected that, when the colonies de- 1
olared their independence, and, as a feeble con-
federation, the people of our United States were :
struggling against the great military and maritime i
Power of the globe, we received friendly assist- j
ance from France; she came to us in the hour of j
our need; her gallant sons entered our service as j
volunteers; her navy guarded our coast, and ren- I
dered most efficient and valuable service. Indeed, '
it may be well doubted whether, frut for the aer- !
vice they rendered then and there, we could have
achieved our independence. It might have been
postponed to subsequentgenerations,when "free-
dom's battle once begun " had been fought again
and again, until at last it would have been won.
These relations to France caused us, as early
as 1778, to enter into treaties of amity, commerce,
and alliance, giving peculiar privileges to the ves-
sels of the two nations, both in relation to their
ports and to their commerce. Among the pro-
visions of this treaty and convention was one
which gave the right to a vessel of either nation
to enter the ports of the other, and there have its
prizes condemned and sold; and another which
established the commercial rule that free ships
make free goods. With this treaty and conven-
tion we went through tne war of the Revolution,
and achieved our independence. In 1792-93,
when the Republic of France was engaged in war
with Great Britain, and the monarchical Powers
of Europe were all sympathizing with Great Brit-
ain in the contest, when it was the policy to starve
out France and compel her to submission by the
want of bread, Great Britain, disregarding the '
rights of neutrals, declared provisions contraband,
though they were en route to a port not block- !
aded, seized our vessels upon the high seas, took
them into her ports, there "condemned them as
having contraband goods on board, or, as was '\
usually the case, to encourage the continuance of |
a trade advantageous to her, purchased the car-
goes for her own use. Thus, the provisions which '
were shipped from the United States for the ben-
efit of France, were seized upon the high seas by ;
her great maritime foe, turned aside from their j
destination, converted to the use of her most hated '
and dreaded rival, and there being libeially paid •
for, caused so little complaint on the part of the
shippers of the United Stares, that it came to pass j
that the French people looked upon us as acting j
in collusion with Great Britain. !
Many difficulties arose from the execution of1
that article of the convention which allowed the '
French to condemn arid sell their prizes, and to |
fit out their privateers in our ports. Constant dis- |
satisfaction followed; complaints so grave arose j
as to threaten the continuance of our peaceful re-
lations, and led to the proclamation of President 1
Washington, wise on that as he showed himself ;
on other occasions, declaring the neutrality of the j
United States towards the belligerent Powers of j
Europe. He looked, and, when now retrospect- ;
ively viewed, it appears to me, looked fairly and j
justly, upon the convention made with France as j
a defensive alliance, which did not apply to the j
position of offense which France had assumed to- 1
wards Great Britain. France, however, contin- !
ued to complain of the conduct of the United
States in this regaid, as well as in the failure to !
furnish subsidies and supplies to her West In- :
dia possessions; for it will be remembered that,
among other things, France had guarantied the
liberty, sovereignty, and territorial possessions
of the United States; and the United States had,
in turn, guarantied the possessions of France m
the West Indies.
To countervail the effect which the acts of;
Great Britain had to render the treaties of 1778 j
and 1788disadvantageousto France, France being j
bound by treaty to allow our vessels to sail with \
any supplies they might please to transport to the 1
poits of Great Britain, while Great Britain, fiee |
from such obligation, seized them on the high seas, j
declaring supplies to France to be contraband of j
war. It followed that France, by a decree, or-
dered that merchant vessels upon the high seas
should be treated by the armed vessels of France
in like manner as the countries to which they be-
longed permitted Great Britain to treat them.
Thus we ceased to enjoy the privileges secured
by treaties, and to which circumstances had given
| an immeasurable value, that of carrying supplies
! during the general war of Europe to the ports of
the belligerents. Our just expectations from
France were violated by the infraction of that
clause of the treaty which declared that free ships
made free goods. It is an interesting fact to
which we may refer with pride, that in the his-
tory of nations, then for the first time did two
great civilized Powers establish that rule which
has now become the maritime policy, if not the
national law of the world.
From this decree of France followed captures,
confiscations, an embargo, detentions, arrests of
individuals; against which the United States con-
tinued to complain and remonstrate; complain of
the injuries received, and remonstrate against the
violation of the treaty; unul at last, after indig-
nity had been added to injury; after our Minister
had been rudely rejected; after a commission of
three distinguished individuals, sent to France to
compose the difficulties with our ancient ally, had
been offensively repulsed; President Adams as-
sembled the Congress in extraordinary session,
and addressed a message to them, in which, with
marked indignation, he spoke of the conduct of
France towards the United States, and of the suf-
ferings of our citizens, from the violation of the
treaty between the two countries. Then our
course towards France was changed. Anterior to
that, it had been one of toleration. Hitherto, our
only efforts had been to reconcile existing diffi-
culties; for that purpose we sent our ablest men
to argue with her in the cause of fraternity; we
were willing to yield much, because of grateful
reminiscences; but now we assumed that hostile
demonstration was our only resort, and thence-
forth our course was one of force.
Jn 1798, the year succeeding the one in which
President Adums sent in that message, we passed
various laws: one for the employment of the Navy
in the capture of the armed vessels of France,
then hovering upon our coast and depredating
upon our commerce; another, declaring commer-
cial non-intercourse between the United States !
and France; another, authorizing the President to
commission private vessels—in other words, to
grant letters of marqueand reprisalagainstFrance.
It is well known that, during her war with Great
Britain, France had, upon the sea, comparatively
nothing but armed vessels, and that they were
employed in committing outrages upon the com-
merce of the United States Therefore it was, that
the act was directed towards the seizure of the
armed vessels of France. Another act provided
for the condemnation and sale as prizes of any
armed vessels of France which might be cap-
tured; and, as my memory serves me, about
eighty were taken during the progress of that
year and the next. As a final step, the United
States declared the treaties of 1778 and 1788 to be
abrogated. |
It is now urged upon the Senate that, to get rid
of the obligations of those treaties, the United ;
States took private property to relieve themselves i
from the obligations of those treaties; were thus !
exempted from onerous duties to France; and j
having taken private property for public use, are I
bound, under the Constitution, to make just com- :
pensation therefor. To this I reply, we had sought
indemnity by all the power of negotiation; had |
exhausted it, even to the extent of an extraordi- I
nary commission; had then resorted to hostilities; \
had carried on a maritime war against France,in j
which millions of treasure were spent, and much i
of blood was shed, and the highest authority of j
the land had declared the treaties to be abrogated. |
How, then, can it be asserted that we were giving \
up private property to get rid of the obligations i
which these treaties imposed? They were cn- |
tirely swept from the statute-book, had passed -
away through a state of war, and must have been j
revived by the treaty-making power of this Gov- 1
ernment, in order to have acquired a renewed
existence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will j
pause. It is the duty of the Chair to call up the .
unfinished business of yesterday, at this hour, j
[The Senate decided to continue the considera- j
tion of the bill, but, on account of the indisposi- j
tion of the speaker, postponed it to a subsequent j
day.]
Monday, January 10, 1859.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill, and Mr. DAVIS continued;
Mr. President: When, by the courtesy of the
Senate at its last sitting, (he bill then under con-
sideration was postponed to a subsequent day, I
had but a few remarks to add to those which I
had already submitted, being then, as now, un-
able to go into the question at length. The only
requital I canlnake to the Senate for the courtesy
exhibited in postponing the question on account
of my physical condition, is to abridge,*as far as
consistent, my remarks on the present occasion.
I was, at the moment the debate was arrested,
presenting the point that the treaties which were
claimed to be the consideration for which the
United States had surrendered private claims, had
expired, were of no binding force, and, unless re-
vived, could not constitute a claim against the
United States. I had already stated that those
treaties had been broken by the act of France. Itv
1793, France being then involved in war with
Great Britain particularly, and the continental
Powers generally, violated her treaty of amity
and commerce with the United States, by seizing
our vessels on the high seas, by detaining them
in her ports, and by confiscating their cargoes.
They were led to this, not by any act of the Uni-
ted States, but by the fact that the treaty which
bound France to allow American vessels to sail
with all articles not contraband of war, even to an
enemy'sport, operated injuriously against France;
because Great Britain choosing to proclaim pro-
visions contraband of war, seized all vessels so -
freighted and bound to French ports, and thus the
treaty with the United States, under the action
of Great Britain, operated disadvantageously to
France.
Having violated the treaty in its provisions,
and, as was believed by the most eminent men of
our country at that time, having violated the law
of nations, our citizens who were sufferers by the
aggressions of France, sought redress from that
Government; and, having exhausted all the means
within their power, invoked the aid of the United
States Government. The Secretary of State in-
formed them that all claims which should be well
authenticated would receive the attention of the
Government of the United States; and that letter
of the Secretary of State has since been brought
forward to support these claims, and treated as a
proposition on the part of the Secretary of State
that the commerce being advantageous to the
United States, should continue to be prosecuted
with full vigor for the benefit of our country; but
I esteem it, on the other hand, nothing but a dec-
laration of that functionary that citizens of the
United States should receive such protection as
our Government could give. If I am correct, this
clearly created no obligation on the United States
to indemnify for loss sustained in the prosecution
of such commerce. Our Government, then, in the
performance of an ordinary duty, intervened for
the protection of its citizens; sought by every
means withir^ its power to obtain an allowance of
the claims; continued to prosecute them, and to
press them so vigorously as finally to lead to in-
sult and outrage on the part of France by the re-
jection of our Minister, and the refusal to receive
a special commission subsequently sent there.
Having failed in all amicable attempts to pro-
cure justice for our citizens who had suffered by
the wrongs of France, this Government was
compelled to resort to force. The Congress of
the United States—the war-making power of our
Government—put the Navy in full commission,
provided for its increase, and authorized the Pres-
ident to use the Navy against the armed vessels
of France. Not only did they thus employ the
military power of the Government to make war
on the armed vessels of France; they did more:
they called out the patriotic citizens of the coun-
try, and granted commissions to private vessels
to cruise against the armed vessels of France.
Thus the military arm of the Government, and the
volunteer citizens of the country, were brought
into war with France—war upon the sea, it is
true; a partial war; but war by the authority of
Congress, not by Executive act, as has been so
often alleged.
But it is said, " this was not war; if it had been
