1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
885
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Not at this
stage of the bill. The question is on the passage
of the bill, on which the yeas and nays have been
asked.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bright, B«own, Chesnut, Clay, Chng-
man, Crittenden, Davis-, Dixon, Doohttle, Durkee, Fitch.
Fitzpatrick, Foot, Gwin, Harlan, Ivcrson, Jones, Pearce,
Shieids, Slidel!, Toombs, and Ward—22.
NAYrf—Messih. Allen, Bayard, Bell, Benjamin, Broder
$ek, Cameron, Chandler, Clark, Collampr. Hale, Hamlin,
Houston, Hunter, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy, King,
Mallory, Pu h, Reid. Seward, Thomson'of New Jersey,
Tiumbull, Wode, Wilson, and Yulee—25.
So the bill was rejected.
CONSULAR AND DIPLOMATIC BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I now move to postpone all
prior orders, and take up the consular and diplo-
matic appropriation hill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. GoG) making appropri-
ations for the consular and diplomatic expenses
of the Government for the year ending 30th June,
1860.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill will
be read.
Mr. G-WIN. 'I hope the reading of the bill
will be dispensed with.
Mr. HUNTER. I have sent to my committee
room for the amendments. I had despaired of
getting it up, and theiefoie sent them back to the
room.
Mr. GWIN. I am in favor of passing it with-
out amendments.
Mr. MASON, f will say to my colleague that
there is executive business which ought to be
done. It is getting late m the afternoon, and al-
though 1 shall not interfere with his bill, I think
we had better go into executive session for the
residue of the day. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HUNTER, We might get through, per-
haps with the amendments of the Finance Com-
mittee.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will state that, in pursuance
of an intimation which 1 gave yesterday, it is my
intention to offer the bill for the acquisition of
Cuba by negotiation as an amendment to this bill.
I have no sort of objection to the bilTbeins taken
tip now; and, if there be any formal amendments
of the Committee on Finance, perhaps it would
be better to act on them to-day; but the bill cer-
tainly cannot be disposed of to-day.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. MASON. I insist on my motion for an
executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pto-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 8, 1859.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. J. A. Harris.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I object to the reading of
the Journal until there be a quorum present.
The SPEAKER counted the House, and an-
nounced that there woic but sixty-seven members
present.
Mr. DAVIDSON. I monacal! of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 65, nays 50; as follows:
YEAS—Me^r* Adiam, Anderson, \ikm-, Huighaoi,
Boyee, Bianeh, Butiniton, Burnett, Chaffee. Chapman,
Clay, Cobb, John Coehtane. Connie. Cox, James Crai?.
Burr.m Craigc, id^on, Duvi.-= ot" Indiana. Davis of Mi*-
siK-ippi, DnvWot Ma^t-aclnis-cu*. Dawe>. Faulkner, Fo-tei\
GaineU, Guru oil, G.linan, Gieenwond. il.ulan.
Iln-krr.an. Uopkin'< Jhnton. lion-ton. Ilowaid. VY.
Jones, O Wi'ii 1 . Kiliane. Kn;rpp. 3 Ii(idv,
Lmier. MeRsu-, Ma'viiawh Milb-on, Monmomerw Kw
Morns, Ficeman U Mor.^, Motu J'a.kPi, Kieaud. Kulin,
Anion thaw. liu'i} M. Telhor. M'te- Tav
lor. Tonipkin*. Yallandi-haip, Yanre. Wade. Waldum,
jCiiihu P.. Wa>!d'tii :m'. and \Voi;end\ki'~b">.
Aoi.on. Fill-. Bi.uto'- < Co<*keull,
Cohav. Co\«'d,'. Ciin\, f'mti--. liiiL'lith- IVJ.\\. Gu)df>rt-,
Coode, (HiDiium, Giow. \Y. Hall, M<ni)>,
Hodges, Kenu. Luvvjoy, Mclubbm. Ilmnpluey Mar-shall,
Mason, Matteson, Morgan, Morrill, Murray. Niblack. Nich-
ols, Pendleton* Pettit, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Phillip*,
Puke, Pottei, Pottle, Puivianee, Robbins,. Royce, William
Smhh. Spinner, Stanton, James A. Stewart, William
F-tewart, Tappan, Ti ippe, Cadwalader 0. Washburn, Israel
Washbuin. and Watkins—oO.
So a call of the House was ordered.
During the vote,
Mr. DOWDELL asked leave to vote; he hav-
ing been attending one of the committees of the
House when his name was called.
Mr. MORGAN objected.
Mr. BARKSDALE made a similar request.
Mr. MORGAN objected.
Mr. DODD stated that if he had been in the
Hall when his name was called, he would have |
■ voted in the negative.
! Mr. CRAWFORD said it was quite immate-
; rial to him whether his name was on the record
; or not.
i Mr. MOORE asked unanimous consent to vote,
j Mr. DEAN objected.
j Mr. HON7HAM made a similar request.
| Mr. DEAN objected.
! After the vote was announced,
j Mr. BURNETT said: I am satisfied, Mr.
! Speaker, that there is a quorum present, and I
i tlierefoie move that all further proceedings in the
; call be dispensed with.
j The motion was agreed to. $
j READING OF THE JOURNAL.
| The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
I MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
; A message was received from the Senate, by
' Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secietary, informing
, the House that the Senate had passed the bill of
the House, entitled '* A n act donating public lands
to the seveial States, which may provide colleges
' for the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts," wnli amendments;m which he was directed
. to ask the concurrence of the House,
i ENROLLED BILLS.
! Mr. PIKE, from the Committee on Enrolled
, Dills, reported that they had examined and found
■ truly enrolled a resolution for the payment of an
' unexpended balance to the State of Georgia, on ;
: account of militia services; and ^ ;
i An act to provide for the payment of the claim 1
I of the State of Maine, for expenses incurred by i
■ that State in organizing a legnnentof volunteers !
■ for the Mexican war; when the Speaker signed |
■ the same. j
i INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN MISSOURI. ;
; Mr. FA ULKNER, from the Committee on i
Military Affairs, reported back a bill (II. R.No. :
3S8) to pay to the State of Missouii the amount :
expended by said State for repelling the invasion !
of the Osage Indians, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute; which was leferred to the |
' Committee of the Whole mi the state of the Union, '
and, with the amendment and report, ordered to :
: be pnnted. ;
I ADVERSE REPORTS. !
Mr. FAULKNER, also, from tho same com- |
mittee, presented adver.se reports on the memo-
ljals of Dr. Israel Moses, of the city of New ,
, York; James Conavan, a f-er^eant in the United
States At my; and Eliza A. Council, wife of Pat- ;
rick* Connell; which were severally laid on the ■
table, and otdeivd to be printed; antl thncommit-
1 tee was disciiaigedfrom the furllmrconsideration |
■ ' thereof. !
LOCAL INSPECTORS AT EVANSVILLT3. j
'I Mr NIBLACK, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced iho following resolution; which was read, ;
•' considered, and agreed to: ;
| Rcsolvd, That the Committee on Corpmeree be mi-truefd
■ to inomre into !h<' <'\-pediencv of so atiiemlmu; the act, ap- ;
: proved Anz«?t l.-ioe. rutitl^d '-An act to hinend an act
• entitled • an aex t" piovide for tin' bdtei security of the
hvos ot pa>--en£^)-: >">n honid of vt'^eN ptopr-lled in whole
' or in pan by and fot ofhci j " a"- to provide
lor tlv: ap;iojn!;ni'itt of local m-p'-ctoi v at '.Sip poit of Evan<- ,
', vilif, m ih'- ^uue <>f Indiana, and t<> lepott b\ bill or other- j
wi-e.
WASHINGTON AND OREGON WAR DEBT. :
Mr. FAULKNER. I am directed by the Com-
i mittee ALhtaiy Ailaiis, to whom was sefened
the momoiidl relating to the payment ot volun- ;
!, teess outraged m the Jndiatj wa 's in Wa&lnnntun
and Oregon Terntoues, to present the following
. repuit.
Resolved, That, preliminary to tlie final settlement and
adjustment of claims ofcuizens ofthe Territori^sof Oregon
ami Wnslnngton for expenses incuried In the year 1855-56.
m repplling Indian hostilities?, it shall be the datv r>f the
Third Auditor of the Treasury taexainine tJje vouchee im4
papers now on file in his office, and make a report to the
House ot llc-presentauvcs by the first Monday in December
next, of the amounts lespeetivel'y due tooach company anii
individual engaged in sueh service; ta'kmg the following
rules as his guide m ascertaining the amount's so dtse
1. He shall recogmz** no company or individual as enti-
tled to pay, except such as were called mto'service by the
territorial authorities of Oregon and Wadnngton, or such
wbos>e services have been recognized and accepted by Uhj
said authorities.
2. He shall allow to the volunteer* engaged in said ser-
vice no higher pay and allowances than \v< r« given to offi-
enrs and soldiers of equal grradp at that period tn the Army
of the United States, including the extra payoftwodoflais
per month given to troops serving on the. Pacific by the ad
of , 185:).
3. No person, either in the military or civii service of the
United States, m said Territories, shall be paid for his ser-
vice in more than one employment or*capacity for the same
period of time; and all such double or triple allowances for
pay a< appears* m said accounts shall be rejected.
4. Thai in auditing the claims for supplies, ti asportation,
and other services incurred for the maintenance of said
volunteers, he is. directed tr> have a due regard-to the num-
ber of said troops, to then period of seivice, ami to the prices
euirent in the country at the time, and not to repoit said
service beyond the tunc actually engaged therein, ho* to
recognize supplies beyond a reasonable approximation to
the proportions and descriptions authorized by existing
laws and regulations for such troop.-, taking into consider-
ation the nature and peculiarity of the service.
5. That all claims of said volunteers for horses, arms, and
other property, lost or destroyed in said service, shaH be
audited acoidmg to the provisions oftbc act approved March
3, 18-19.
Mr. LANE. Mr. Speaker, there is no gentle-
man on this floor more unwilling; than myself to
oppose the action of the committee; but the basis
laid down in these resolutions for the payment of
the Oregon and Washington volunteers is so un-
fair, that I feel it to be my duty to enter my pro-
test against such a basis of settlement. They had
better not be paid at ail, than paid on such a basis
j as that.
I The committee, as I understand, propose to
i pay these volunteers at the rate at which regular
1 troops are paid. I put it to every candid gentle-
| man in this House, whether the Government
| could have performed the service that was per-
j foimod by these volunteers at the rate proposed ?
■ Men, sir, who were called into the service, who
had to abandon their business, their homes, and
their property; risk their lives, and the lives'of
their families; and after a service of sixty days,
for instance, they will be allowed, by this report,
sixteen or twenty dollars for that service. Why,
sir, it would cost the Government of the United
States $300 each for every soldier it could have
sent to perform that service which these volun-
teers performed. Then, is it just, is it right, to
these volunteers, called in to the service at an "hour's
notice, to take the field immediately, who per-
formed a service which would have cost the Gov-
ernment for each man, had troops been brought
to these Territories to perform the service per-
formed by our volunteers, ten times as much as
the ron^mittee pioposo to pay our volunteers?
i am willing that all the expenses of that amy
and of that war shall be paid for, at cash prices,
ut the same rate which was paid by the regular
Army at that time for subsistence, transportation,
supplies, &e. If you will pay those cash prices,
and £ivf- us interest up to the time that you pay
us, 1 will be satisfied; but never will this House,
1 t hope, degrade the citizen soldier, by saj'ing
i th.it he shall turn out and report for duty at an
, hour's notice, and af'er he has left his homo and
family, ami has endun-d all the hardships of the
: campaign, shah rcceivo a compensation of eight
1 or elevrn dollars a month.
' Mr. CURTIS. I think myfriend from Oregon
1 will find that the provision suggested by the com-
' mittee requires that the volunteers shall receive
pay for their horses, and for their subsistence, and
< everything- of that kind, accoiding to the prices
i paid'thcre"at the time for the United States regu-
. Jar Army. After that, the gentleman will remem-
■ bor that thc-se aeccounts, after being scaled by the
| War Department, are returned to this House; and
•the gentleman will recollect that this is thepav
1 which the volunteers m the Mexican war received;
' he will recollect that his pay and mine, and that
: of all o( us who were volunteers, was sealed ac~
. coramg to the prices paid to the regular Army. I
think they ought to teeoive more; bull do not
■ think the rule contained m these resolutions re-
1 quires that this pay shall be exactly cut down in
