886
the congressional globe.
February 8,
dollars and cents to the standard of pay of the reg-
ular Army. The Auditor, in making up his re-
port, according to my understanding, may take
into consideration the cost of transporting the reg-
ular soldiers.
•Mr. LANE. In this case, instead of carrying
out the principle that the opinion of my friend
fcpm Iowa would indicate as just, to take into con-
sideration the cost of transportation of the troops
to the'scene of action, I think the resolution al-
lows no such thing. If that could be allowed, it
would, in some degree, compensate them for their
services,, and, in some instances, would exceed
the amount allowed by the commission.. This,
however, is refused them; and by the committee
they are to be allowed merely the per diem of the
regular Army, without allowing them one cent
for transportation, or any of the advantages of
the regular Army. No provision for the wounded,
no bounty in money or land, is provided for our
volunteers by the basis laid down hy the commit-
tee? Will this House compel us to submit to
such injustice?
Mr. CURTIS. 1 I think the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs have agreed to recommend that they
shall come under the same regulations in respect
to pensions and bounty land.
Mr. LANE. Is that in the resolution ?
Mr. FAULKNER. That report, as the gen-
tleman will perceive, is not conclusive upon the
claims of the citizens of Oregon and Washington,
or of the volunteers there. It directs the Third
Auditor to report to the next House of Repre-
sentatives a statement of these claims, upon the
basis and principle laid down in the resolutions.
I have no doubt, if they had acted finally upon the
claims, they would have allowed the volunteers
of Oregon and Washington the benefit of the pen-
sion and bounty land laws; but the committee
have stricken that recommendation from this res-
olution, because the only object i.\ to obtain a re-
port from the Third Auditor, to bo acted on at the
next session of Congress.
Mr. LANE. Then I understand very well the
basis of the settlement laid down in this report.
Itis, that these volunteers shall be allowed the pay
simply of soldiers in the regular Army of the
United States. There is no provision for the
wounded; there is r.o provision for pensions or
bounty lands, and this report, if adopted, will be
a finality on this subject, 1 fear, for years to come.
This report is not what I expected when the
chairman told me, at the last session, that ho
' should report for action at the beginning of the
present session. I supposed a bill would be re-
ported to pay as allowed by the war commission,
and as very properly recommended by the Secre-
tary ofWar.
Congress has, by law, recognized the war, and
authorized the settlement of the expenses grow-
ing out of the war, including pay for services ren-
dered. Under that law the Secretary of War, as
he was authorized to do, appointed a commission
which proceeded to Washington and Oregon Ter-
ritories, and there settled the just expenses in-
curred during the war, including the pay for ser-
vice, and reported to the Secretary of War. He
appointed two Army officers who had been on duty
in that "country for many years, men who under-
stood the price of provisions, and every articlc re-
quired for the use of the troops; men who had
paid, at the time, in the line of their duty,in the
regular Army, the same prices which were al-
lowed for these volunteers. With these two Army
officers was appointed one of our citizens. This
commission were in the two Territories for twelve
months; they adjusted all these matters, and we
supposed it was a.finality. We supposed that Con-
gress would act upon the report of this commis-
sion; and we had a right to suppose that Congress
would not go behind the report of those commis-
sioners, and undertake to cut down the pay of
soldiers to eight dollars a month.
I do not desire to take up the time of the House,
but I wish to say, as I said befoie, that we are
willing to take cash paces for everything fur-
nished for the use of the volunteers, with interest
until the amount shall be paid, provided our vol-
unteers can be paid the amount allowed by the
commission.
Mr. STANTON. 1 wish to ask the gentleman,
inasmuch as the committee have several other re-
ports to make, whether he will not consent that
this question shall be postponed to a future "day,
in ordei* that this discussion may not interfere with
other important business. This is the last day on
which th'c Committee on Military Affairs is en-
titled to make reports.
Mr. MORGAN. No. Let us close it tip now.
Mr. STANTON. Then we cannot do any-
thing else. ' .
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. If it be the
disposition of the House to postpone this ques-
tion to a future day, in order to expedite the busi-
ness of the House, 1 shall have no objection to
postpone whatreirmrks I have to make; provided,
the House will make it the special order for the
day to which it is postponed.
Mr. STANTON. I will submit the motion to
postpone, if I have the leave of the_gentleman
from Kentucky.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
point of order that this is an evasion of the rule
of the House, which gives the Committee on
Military Affairs only two days in which to make
reports. If this matter be postponed, it gives this
committee another day, and evades the rule which
confines its reports to two days.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must oven ule the
question of order raised by the gentleman from
Illinois. It is true, that it is an evasion of the
rule,.but it is an evasion which the House, and
not the Chair, must correct; for the Chair can only
construe the rules as they stand.
Mr. Si'ANTON. I propose, then, with the
leave of the gentleman from Kentucky, to move
that the further consideration of this subject be
postponed until Saturday next. I select that day
j because it is private bill day, and not objection
day; and becausoourexperienee proves that there
can be no business transacted on that day. The
; Committee on Militaiy Affairs have several other
'• important matters which ought to come before
I the House for its action, and which will not re-
! quire much time to dispose of. This is the last
' hour we can have during this session, and I sub-
! mitwhether itis not better that this subjectshould
go over until Saturday, then to be decided.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on the motion to postpone.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Mr. Speaker,
I submit whether, if this matter be postponed, it
will have precedence on Saturday ? That is pri-
vate bili day; and when the question arises I think
the Chair will have todecide that, under the rules,
the consideration of private bills must have pre-
cedence. It will then require a majority vote to
take up and consider this matter, even if it be
postponed to Saturday.
The SPEAKER. Private business would take
orGcccifetic© .
Mr. STANTON. We now have the right to
postpone this question until Saturday next; and
when that time arrives it is for the House to re-
fuse to go into a Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar. The House will have
its election to go to private bills, or to go to this
question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Certainly. There is no
provision of the rule that we must consider pri-
vate bills on that day. The House may refuse to
take up private bills, and take up this question,
which will operate to the exclusion of private
business. If there be a disposition to postpone,
there is 110 difficulty in the way. A majority can
refuse to take up private business.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is not the previous
question called ?
The SPEAKER. It is; and debate is not in
order.
Mr. MORGAN. Then I object to debate.
Mr. LANE. I hope the House will vote down
the call for the previous question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. How did
the gentleman get the floor to call the previous
question i
The SPEAKER.
The gentleman from Ken-
tucky yielded the floor to the gentleman from
Ohio, who moved a postponement, and then the
gentleman from Illinois called for the previous
question. The effect of the previous question will
be to cut off the motion to postpone.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky The gen-
tleman from Ohio interrupted me to suggest a
postponement. I have not yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER. Then the 'motion to post-
pone is not pending, nor the call for the previous
question.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. Mr. Speak-
er, I will say now what I have to say. The his-
tory of this matter may he detailed in a few words.
The Congress of the United States directed the
Secretary of War to examine these claims, or,this
Oregon and Washington war debt.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should like
to know how this matter is. 1 understood the
gentleman from Ohio had the floor; and that he
submitted the motion to postpone,
The SPEAKER. The Cb,ur so understood;
but the gentleman from Kentucky informs the
Chair that he was mistaken.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was mis-
taken.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I will not
detain the House unnecessarily; but I should like
. its attention to what I have to say. I was not in
i the committee when this resolution was adopted,
S or I should have opposed it. In 185G, Congress
; passed a law directing the Secretary of War to
j examine into the amount of war debt incurred by
| Oregon and Washington; and he was authorized
1 to call to his assistance a commission of three, to
j ascertain and report to him all expenses incurred
| for the maintenance of the volunteers, including
| their pay; so that he might arrive at some tangi-
' ble ground for the liquidation of these claims.
The Secretary of War did appoint a commission,
consisting of two officers of the Army, and one
civilian. That commission heard testimony on
all the points embraced by the law; visited Ore-
aon and Washington; stated all the accounts, and
scaled limn; and then returned the report to tihe
Secretary of War. Taking that report, the Sec-
retary recommended the payment of the debt upon
; the basis there indicated. His recommendation
brought the whole budget of this debt before the
' Committee on .Military Affairs, together with the
report of thn commission; and the same was cur-
sorily examined by the Third Auditor, whose
J report to the committee has been printed.
The first question that may arise in this case
1 is, whether the United States, by the terms of that
j law, did not make the Secretary of War the judge
I of what amount should be paid; and whether we
i are not bound, by the terms of that law, to the re-
sults of the commission ? The precedents laid
down in those cases where a matter has been re-
ferred to an executive officer or a commissioner,
seem to leave it questionable whether the United
States is not concluded by the judgment of the
Secretary in connection with tiiis Oregon and
Washington war debt. It is true, the Secretary
was only directed " to examine the amount,"and
■ it may be that Congress reserved its own judg-
i ment whether it would pay. The House will per-
! ceive that the committee now propose to refer
these accounts to the Third Auditor. For what?
That lie may make another report? That he may
go over the work as the commission has done?
That he may again scale these accounts ? When
that is done, are Oregon and Washington nearer
the payment of these debts ? It is not provided
that the report of the Third Auditor shall be final,
or that the appropriation to pay shall be made at
once upon the result he may arrive at. Are we
to refer these accounts year after year, directing
this officer and that commission to look into
them? We refer them; our orders are obeyed;
the comm.ssion meets, receivesthe accounts, ex-
amines them, scales the charges, and reports the
sum due—not only in gross, but in detail. We
receive the report, and then we refer them again
to somebody else to repeat the same task, at ad-
: ditional expense, but for no useful purpose,
j Most of these accounts stand now in territorial
; scrip. The Territory of Washington has taken
I in all the certificates for supplies, for transporta-
1 tion, and for subsistence, and has issued scrip
: for the same. Does the Government propose to
; revise the territorial accounts, and to scalc the
' prices which the public agents promised and the
j Territorial Government ratified ? That is but an-
! other name for repudiation, and will amount to
, our repudiation of the act of the territorial gov-
[ ernment pro fanlo.
j Mr. STANTON. I do not contemplate that
| we shall interfere with the territorial scrip at all.
! Whatever sum shall he allowed by the Auditor,
j and paid, will go so far in liquidation of the ter-
j ritoriai scrip. If the territorial authorities want
| their scrip redeemed, let them redeem itwith their
i own funds.
