1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
887
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. That brings
us hack to the question, whether there is any
obligation on the part of the Government to pay
any of these claims at all?
Mr. OLIN. I do not think there is.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I think that
question much more open to discussion than the
proposition which, after our acceptance of liabil-
ity, takes this mode of referring itback year after
year to have that re-revised which has been al-
ready revised, not only by the territorial authori-
ties, but by our own officers, and by our own exec-
utive authorities, assisted byall the instrumental-
ities which we ourselves authorized and devised.
The Delegate from Oregon has told the House
that he is willing:, and that his people arc willing;,
to take, for subsistence, transportation, and sup-
plies, exactly the amount paid by the officers of
the regular Army at the same time in that coun-
try, with interest on that sum for the tune the
claimants have been compelled to wait. What
could be more fair than such abasis of adjustment?
It seems to me that we ought to be willing to
allow the same lates for subsistence, tiansporta-
tion, and supplies, to the volunteers, which wete
allowed to the regular troops. Why not adopt
that basis? I am opposed to any appeaiance of
trifling with these claims. I am opposed to send-
ing them to a Government officer again, not to
settle the account, but to ascertain the amount
upon a basis we now adopt, and then report. I
want a settlement—a settlement on some basis-or
other—and then provision for payment, without
keeping the people who are entitled out of their
money forever. Under this resolution the peo-
ple of Washington and Oregon will, at the next
Congress, be no nearer a settlement than they are
to-da.y. I am opposed to it, because I consider
this act perfectly supererogatory. It does not be-
gin to reach a settlement. It docs not propose to
do so. It proposes nothing more nor less than to
refer to another of our officers to see whether,
under the instructions given by Congress, he can-
not scale down these accounts still more. How are
we, or is he, to scale the territorial scrip? The
gentleman from South Carolina asks me if I am in
favor of paying the claims as they now stand ? I
answer him thus: I regard many of the charges
as highly exorbitant; but still i would vote to pay
them on the testimony which we have heard m
the case, rather than to repudiate an obligation
our own legislation has assumed, or which the
teiritonal government has assumed, and for the
amount of which it has pledged its word.
The claims are of two characters only—first,
pay, second, supplies of subsistence, transporta-
tion. and quartermaster's stores, clo thing,&c. The I
pay rolls returned* by the commission are regu- i
larly made out. They contain all the names of j
the volunteers, officers, and men. Opposite each ;
name the pay is run out for the time the volun- ]
teer was em ployed, and stoppages are noted, which !
are to be deducted from the pay of such volun- ;
teer. The pay, as established by these rolls, is ac- .
coiding to the contract on which the sot vice of'
the volunteer engaged. Shall Congress go be- J
hind that contract, after the men have rendered ■
the service? Other gentleman may; I will not, ;
even though I might consider the pay very high; j
for I know what the soldier suffers, and I know
how little even this amount of pay compensates \
him therefor. If the pay is high, apparently, yet j
it bears a relation to the ordinary wages of labor 1
in that country, \v hich deprives the account of all \
real exorbitancy. As to the other class of these i
accounts, they have passed from their original {
condition into Government scrip; I mean scrip of 1
the ten itorial government; and we must pay that, :
or tinow it back on the territorial government to j
pay. If we acknowledge the obligation to pay, !
yet refuse the sum presented, and which has been i
ratified by the territorial authorities, and has been j
since revised by our own commission, and in this '
form ratified and recommended by the Secretary i
of War for payment, it seems to me the people of ;
the; Territory will feel, and will have a right to
feel, that we arc keeping the word of promise to ,
the ear, and breaking it to the hope. I do not
think that this is the right mode of doing busi- i
ness by the Congress of the United States. The .
commissioners have been before us, and have told
us that when an officer who was in the civil em- :
ployment of the United States, m the Territoiy, !
also performed militaiy services in the field, they .
have made a memorandum of the fact; that fact
being stated, the law of the United States which
requires that no one shall be paid for two offices
at the same time will, of course, operate.
Mr. STANTON, i wish to inquire of the
gentleman fiom Kentucky whether, in the aggre-
gates reported by the commissioners, there is not
included double and treble compensation, and
whether the report of the Secretary of War is
recommending compensation for double and tre-
ble services ?
Mr.MARSHALL,oflventucky. Ihave heard
of but one single case of that sort.
Mr. STANTON. There are twenty of them.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. There are
a few individual cases where men have acted as
captains, wagon-masters, and assistant commis-
saries; but the double or treble compensation has
been eviscerated by the committee, and there is no
danger of iis being paid in the presence of the
law authorizing but one payment.
Mr. STANTON. It cannot be ascertained
from the report of the Secretary of War.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. I take it
that double compensation is disallowed. I do not
know how I found u out, but 1 did find it out.
How did the gentleman from Ohio find out that
it was allowed ?
Mr. STANTON. Ftom the letter of the Au-
ditor, recommending the cutting down of the
amount reported by the Secretary.
Mr. MARSHALL, of Kentucky. The ex-
amination of the Auditor was of the most cursory
character. It was a criticism, and it was exposed
to us as in many cases unfair. Any person ex-
amining and settling these accounts would easily
understand the facts from the papers themselves;
for, as I understand it, the report of the commis-
sioners exhibits all the facts, which it will be ne-
cessary for the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to examine.
Lot us not spend the time of the House in this
matter. Let us rather impose the examination 1
of it on the next Congress. If we mean to dis- j
pose of it, let us authorize it to be settled either !
on the basis of the commission, or on the basis j
proposed by the Delegate from Oregon. I am i
opposed, at all times, as a member of Congress, '
and as a member of the Government, to this mode i
of taking up accounts and rolling them on, at ;
heavy expense, without leally advancing any ,
nearer to their payment, or indicating to the pub- \
he creditor what we mean to assume. If we be- j
heve that we are, on principle, responsible for i
these demands, I am opposed to this referring ,
and re-referrmg. from time to time, and to this
scaling and re-scaling, until the amount is so re-
duced that we seem to pay, while in fact we re-
pudiate, the greater pait of the demands against
us. I wantthese claims settled on some principle.
I want that principle now determined, if now we
propose to act. if we do not, let us leave the
whole affair to our successors. I am utterly op-
posed to the plan of the committee, winch is, to
procrastinate just to get another repoit, which,
m its turn, may be committed to somebody else
for a review.
Mr.LANE. I offer the following amendment,
to come m at the end of the fourth resolution:
Every rioMtri' enii-Hins m Oregon «r Waj-inugton, is en-
tilli'ri to $1<>0 in lieu nt tidiispoiuuoii.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I iisu to a question of order.
Is it in order for a Delegate from a Territory to
propose an amendment?
Mr, LANE. I hope the gentleman would not
deprive a poor Delegate of that privilege.
The SPEAKER. A Delegate may introduce
a bill and make any motion in reference to it. It
is done every day; and the right to introduce a
bill carries with it the right to move to amend.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to call the attention of
the House, for a moment, to some considerations
which ought to induce the House to delay the
passage of this resolution until we rcccive from
the Secretary of War a report upon this subject,
which the House called for some time since.
Knowing that this subject was to be considered
by the House, and feeling some little solicitude
upon the question; knowing that there was a pa-
per of importance m the possession of the War
Department necessary to the proper understand-
ing of this subject, 1 sought, some months ago,
the production of that p^prr to this House, in
order that it might be spread befoic the public
LA resolution was passed by the House, calling
i on the Secretary of War for a copy of that doc-
I ument. A copy had already been made out,
j, which had been prepared some years ago. The
! Secretary could, at any moment, have furnished
j a copy to the House. And now I wish to call
!: the attention of the IJouse to some facts? in con-
, nection with the production of that paper, and
they will see that u is-important.
| IVTr. FAULKNER. I rise to a question of
order. I trust the gentleman from New York
[ will not consume the brief hour assigned to the
i Committee on Military Affairs by discussing
irrelevant matter.
Mr. OLIN. I think if the gentleman will hear
what I have to say he will sec that it is important
' in the consideration of this resolution.
Mr. FAULKNER. I cannot see what possible
, connection the report of Captain Cram can have
: with the adoption of this resolution.
Mr. OLIN. It is-very important in the con-
. sidcration of this subject. Captain Cram was, in
the years 1853 and 1856, at the head of the topo-
graphical engineers for the department of IheFa-
cific, and his report furnishes a history of the
, whole conduct and origin of that war. It shows,
in my judgment, such a state of facts as if laid
befoie the country this House would never sanc-
i tion these claims. Now, why it is that this re-
' port has not been furnished to the House, and
why it is that the learned chairman of the Com-
, mittec on Military affairs has refused to examine
! that report, 1 am at a loss to imagine. On the
! 10th of February last, as I observed, this report
was called for by a lesolution of the Senate. In-
stead of answering that call, as I am informed,
this report was farmed out to be criticised. Criti-
cism was made upon it, and that criticism placed
! upon the files of the War Department. Then, sir,
another call was made upon the War Department,
I for any other papers on file in the Department
i pertaining to Captain Cram's report, and then a
copy of the report, and a copy of the criticisms
upon it, are sent to the Senate.
Mr. FAULKNER. I submit to the Chair that
this reference to the report of Captain Cram is
wholly irrelevant to the question under discus-
sion. There is but a single hout allotted to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and every moment
is precious. I hope the gentleman will be con-
fined to the discussion of the resolution now be-
fore the House.
Mr. OLIN. I shall be exceedingly reluctant
to transgress the rules of the House, if I am not
in order.
The SPEAKER. If the Chair had read the
report, he would be better able to decide whether
the gentleman from New York was m order.
Mr. OLIN. I wish to say that I have had an
opportunity to examine this report, and I can
state, from my own observation, that it contains
such an exposition of the origin and nature of
these Oregon and Washington claims, that, if it
were placed before the House, they would, in my
judgment, pronounce a judgment of condemna-
tion upon the whole transaction.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I will state,
for myself and the Delegate from Oregon, that we
desire that this report shall be published.
Mr. OLIN. I so understood. So the gentle-
man stated, I understood, when some allusion was
made to Captain Cram's report, in a debate in
this House, m May last. Some ten days after,
the call was made in this House for Captain
Cram's report. The honorable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs proposed to call
on the Department for these criticisms, which, as
I think, were improperly placed upon the files
of the War Office, for the purpose of riding down
that report. The Secretory of War had no more
right to place these criticisms upon the files of his
office, than he had to place the private letters of
members of this House there. I am perfectly will-
ing, if any gentleman desires to see these criti-
cisms, that they should be sent here; but I am
unwilling to believe the Secretary of War is with-
holding this report until these criticisms can in
this way be attached to it. I think tins resolu-
tion should be deferred until we ha\e that iepoit
before us; and I move that it be postponed until
that report is received.
Mr. WASHHURNE, of Illinois. Is there any
probability that tins report will be received during
the present session?
