1859.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
35th Cong....2d Sess.
French Spoliations—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
of State at home, until in 1803, when, in a new
convention, those claims were further provided
for. Thus is answered the argument that the Gov-
ernment had, in 1800, takerf private property for
public use, by the release of France from liability
to the claimants.
Now, sir, I ask, even if it were granted that a
release hud been made, what is the value of that
release? Suppose our Government had abandoned
the prosecution of the claims, had given an ac-
quittal, what would have been the loss to the
claimants? Was anything paid of those claims
which were allowed by the convention of 1SU0 ?
jSot a dollar. They remained as they were Wt
by that convention, until the new convention or
treaty of 1803, when the United States agreed to
pay for Louisiana a certain sum of money, retain-
ing a portion of thai sum to liquidate the claims
of citizens of the United States; and it appears as
a fact, although not known to our commissioners,
that we paid Fiance more than the whole sum
which was reserved, over and above the price
which her ministers were instructed to take for
the territory.
Then, again, in the convention of 1803, (as
proof that neither party consideied that we had
abandoned the claims of private citizens,) the pre-
amble expresses the desire, in compliance with
articles two and five of the convention of ]800, to
provide for the claims of American citizens. If
thp rejection of article two was a surrender on the
part of the United States of nil claims to which
it referred, how could the commissioners say, in
1803, that theirdesire was to provide for the claims
embraced in that article? Yet such is the lan-
guage of the preamble; and then, m articles throe
and five of the convention of 18U3, provision is
made to secure *he sums due to citizens, includ-
ing eaM'S not mentioned m the convention of 1800.
This, Mr. Madison noticed particularly, lest the
variation of language should be considered us pre-
termitting any of the claims; and his instructions
were to press the claims of citizens, giving prior-
ity to those of greatest menr, but that nothing
.should be considered as a waiver of the rightful
claims of our citizens, or be regarded as an as-
sumption by the United States of any of those
claims over and above the sum which has been
reserved in the convention for the purchase of
Louisiana.
We find it thus continued to 3800, and from
j800 to 1803,and, after 1803, in 1801 the question
was revived again and discussed; but never has
the position been taken and maintained that the
United Stales had abandoned the rights of its cit-
izens. There was one class of claims which
France nov< r would recognize; they were those
set up for property belonging to foreigners and
carried m American vessels, or belonging to Amer-
icans and carried in foreign bottoms. That is the
class of claims which never was admitted by
Fiance, but earnestly contended fm* by ihc United
States. These were claims recognized as grow-
ing out of our treaties, but denied as not being
within the law of nations, and, therefore, depend-
ent upon the revival or continued existence of the ;
treaties. |
Then the question is: was there ever anything ■
surrendered by the United States which it was
possible to obtain from France? Did she, in
cither of her conventions, admit that a single ■
claim of citizens of the United States was consid- :
ered thenceforth to be of no obligation on the !
purt of Franco? On the contrary, not only did :
we provide, become paymasters ourselves of
claims of American citizens, but it was further
provided that any claim not admitted by the CJni- '
ted States should still be cognizable by the courts :
of France, as subject to be paid by her, though j
disallowed by the United States. 1 think, in the
whole history of our negotiations, there lias never
been a case whete private claims have been so
successfully and so energetically prosecuted as
those which grew out of the spoliations ofFrance. ,
Then, Mr. President, to go one step further j
What was the value of those claims as against i
France ? I know they have been magnified of late, i
or attempted to be minified, by showing what ■
was the value of the treaties. Denying wholly
that we were released from the tieaties by any *
surrender of piivate claims, I refer to the failures '
of Americans to get anything from France; the re- 1
fusal of France to pay anything, even the claims
admitted under the convention of 1800; and come
down to the point where the sum was estimated
by the men who were then upon the ground, and
most familiar with the facts, you find that France
asserted both her unwillingness and her inability
to pay any mdemnites whatever. You find, too,
that Mr. Skipwith, who had examined the sub-
ject profoundly, estimated that 20,000,000 livres
reserved from the sum to be paid in the purchase
of Louisiana from France, would be fully equal
to all the just claims of creditors who were citi-
! zens of the United States. It may have proved
; otherwise; but this was the estimate of Mr. Skip-
| with, whose opinion was considered so valuable
' that Mr. Livingston, in his correspondence with
| Mr. Madison, communicated it to him. If there
| he any desire that I should lead those statements,
I will do so: otherwise I will pass on. We find,
also, that Mr. Livingston noticed the fact that
the creditors of other nations then prosecuting
their claims before France had not received, and
were not likely to receive anything; the citizens
of the United States would have been in the same
condition, but for the intervention of their Gov-
ernment.
Jf, then, the claims were not abandoned; if no
release from the treaties was purchased; if our
Government has faithfully observed all its duty
to its citizens; if it has derived no benefit where
those citizens have failed to get what was due to
them; on what rests the foundation for that pro-
tension, which is now set up, that we are justly
bound to remunerate them as citizens whose pri-
vate property has been taken for public use ? I will
admit that we could at any time have obtained a
full recognition of these claims; could have ob-
tained the obligation of Fiance to indemnify our
citizens for all their losses, if we had been willing
to pay the price of renewing the treaties of 1778
and 1788; treaties which had been abrogated,
swept from the rtatute-book, buried in the long
career of hostilities whic.h ensued, and winch con-
stituted, neither in 1800, nor at any subsequent
period, an obligation on the United States.
Hurrying through the case, Mr. President, as
I am compelled to do, I would ask whence the
discrimination made in the present bill? Why do
we provide for one class of cases not included in
any previous tieaty, and exclude all cases includ-
ed m those treaties, and for winch payment has
nothpui made ? Mi. Madison instructions were
to give priority to the best class of claims. Why
now do you select a class of cases to which pri-
ority was not foi merly siven, and make them the
favorites m th's bill. My view would be other-
wise. If i were disoosed to provide for the pay-
ment of the claims at all, 1 would throw the door
wide open to all cl timants coming under the head
of those despoiled by Fi mice; all who suffei ed and
have not been iedt sonified should be permitted
equallyto come forward with their proofs, and if
they belong to the better class of cases, the claim-
j-mts who suffered by force on sea, or by confisca-
tion of their property entering a port of France with
good papers, they, above all others, should be paid;
and those who traded with and became partners
of British subjects, and thus involved themselves
m the exclusion by France, should be the last
class of cases for which 1 would provide.
We are told also, Mr. President, of the evidence
which is presented in the action of Congress by
its committees. Appended to the report of the
present commitfce, I find one made a number of
years ago, in which the reports of the various
committees who had considered this subject up to
that time are grouped to show how many of them
were favorable, and how few were adverse. In
looking over this list, however, it is found that a
large number of these are reports from selectcom-
mutees. A report from a select committee is that
of the member who moves the committee, and is,
almost uniformly so, generally favorable. How
is it in the present ease ? A select committee was
raised to investigate the claims of the American
citizens for losses suffered by Fiench spoliation
prior to IcOl. The chairman of that select com-
mittee, being the mover of the committee. makes
the report. The minority of the committee, of
whom 1 was one—the femiatnr fiom Virginia, who
has heretofore reported on this subject, [Mr. Hun-
ter,] was another—agreed that the report should
! be made in the present form, not expressing the
, opinion of the committee, but presenting a report
: which should contain two reports favorable and
1 two adverse, so that the views heretofore taken of
the subject might be laid before the Senate. That
is the extent to which the committee went in
making the present report; probably hereafter
this report will be exhibited as the opinion of the
Senate, or of the select committee in 1859, in favor
of these claims.
Omitting the select committees, and enumer-
: ating the standing committees to whom these
I claims have been referred, I find there are thirteen
| favorable and five adverse. Of the thirteen I find
I one man made three, another man made three,
; and another man made four—a total of six per-
! sons making the thirteen favorable reports. Of
the adverse reports there is a different man for
every report. The consequence is, that it stands
live making unfavorable reports to six making
| favorable. Then, tried in another manner, of the
six persons who have made favorable reports,
three of them were from the State of Massachu-
setts; of the five persons who made adverse re-
ports, all were from different States; so that it
stands compared, State against State, four favor-
able and five adverse. Since this list was made,
the Senator from Virginia to whom I have already
alluded, whose ability and purity of character are
known to us all, has made an unfavorable report,
and this is one of the unfavorable reports not no-
ticed in the debate; for it is constantly stated that
no adverse report has been made since the report
of the Secretary of State in 1826.
There is, also, something strange in the pre-
pared, stereotyped information which members
of Congress receive, in relation to these claims.
Speeches handsomely covered, long statements
ably gotten up, are constantly furnished to Sena-
tors through the mail. What becomes of the ad-
verse reports, and where are the speeches against
these claims ? Having very great respect for the
wisdom and for the laborious investigations of
Senator Wright, of New York, now deceased, I
desired to obtain his speech. A friend procured
one for me, after a search of two days.
Among the adverse reports incorporated in the
report of the present select committee, is one
from Mr. Forsyth, a man of enlarged experience;
j whose services abroad had given him special
means of information; whose elevated tone and
manly character rendered it impossible that he
would endeavor to skulk from either a personal or
public obligation. Let us see, in his report, how
he treats the presentation'of the arguments made
then, and since, in this case. 1 will read only a
passage:
" '1'lus Government never iceeived {"torn Fiance1 any
i equivalent toi the chums oi Amending upon Fiance. The
w.ir fit ayxro'cion wa-^ commenced b\ Fumcc, and ovejv
act o! the United State*, w.i- a JUM leiahation lor pteviou-5
injiny. The tieaties with Fiance wen; annulled by an act
ot' (,'oimios, in 1778. in consequence of the utter dj.->rcyaid
of the stipulations of them by th.it Powpc
'• In shoit, to jtiMifv their chums upon the United States,
the petmoneisa^uimj that (-'ranee wa.si.siht, and then own
Government wroiiir; that Fiance was pippap'd to make a
iiM reputation foi the outrages committed under he) own
la\\\< until her release Horn hei obligations by the United
SMalo.s, who weifi faithles?. to their tiuM.m the fir-t m-
st'inee, and have been royaidles.) oi the obhsanoiH r>( jus-
tice ever '-nice—assumption? not < on-i-teiit with truth, nor
! creditable to the patnoti-m o{ those who make them. Tho
eommufec iccommcnd to the lloux; to adopt the follow irig
resolution;
Ilcwlvcd, Thar the pennon of the several person?, who
a^k indemnity for spoliations committed bv Fiem h ciuisets
on then pioperty b"tw« *n the jeais 1193 and 1^00, be le
jeeted."
i There is a historical relation which this subject
: bears both to our national pride and filial senti-
i merit. It is now presented as a casein which our
fathers seized private property and failed to make
! compensation, transfening to posterity obiiga-
; lions of justice and good faith. Is it true' Wero
i they so forgetful of the obligations nf the Gov-
| eminent5 Were they so recreant to the instincts
i of honor and of manhood' The record proves
| they were not. They exhausted all their power,
j diplomatic and military, in the advocacy of these
; claims; they did all that could be required of
; them, even to the extent of becoming paymaster
j for the admitted claims when they purchased a
: territory from Franco, and continued to prosecute
, such as had not been provided for, even at a sub-
1 sequent date. Witness the demands made, not
