§90
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
'Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend, by striking out lines seven hundred and
forty-eight and seven hundred and forty-nine, as
follows:
" For special and other extraordinary expenses of Califor-
nia land claims, §40.000."
I should like to have an explanation of that
itenr.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. At the last ses-
sion of Congress an appropriation was made for
the employment of spccial counscl to investigate
questions of fraud in California concerning land
titles. A distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania was employed as special counsel in behalf
of the United States, in cases pending in Califor-
nia where property of the United States was m
jeopardy. Great service has been rendered, not
only by him, but by the assistants employed by
him, in securing the title of the United States
against fraudulent grants. •Such was (he case of
theAlmaden quicksilver mines, where the title of
the United States was brought in controversy.
After a long and tedious trial, the court decided
that the title did not belong to those who claimed
it, but fo the United States. Again, therfe is the
celebrated Limantour case, and the Barron and i
Bolton case, the decision in which, if favorable to i
the claimants, would deprive the Government of !
the United Slates of the very land on which the !
Government buildings stand. I hold in my hand !,
a letter from the Attorney General of the United j|
States on the subject, which wdl, in biief, ex-
plain the matter.
The letter was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
amount proposed to be appropriated by this bill
for this purpose is extraordinary. We appropri-
ated last year the sum of §40,000 for these extra
legal expenses, and by a preceding appropriation
in this bill we appropriate $10,000 for such legal
expenses as are necessary in disposing of the pri-
vate land claims in California. Then you make
here an appropriation of §40,000, which, with the
amount appropiiated last year, will give an ag-
gregate of $80,000 for counsel's fees.1 I ask the
chairman of the Qommittee of Ways and Means
if there is not a regular legal officer there whose
business it is to defend these claims of the Gov-
ernment?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I will reply to
the question propounded by the gentleman from
Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
inquire if the reading of the letter of the Attorney
General comes out of my time?
The CHAIRMAN, it was taken from the
gentleman's time. The gentleman yielded to the
gentleman from Missouri to have the letter read.
It was an answer to a question propounded by the
gentleman. *
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. It will be recol-
lected that, by the instructions of a preceding
Administration,thccascs pending before tiiecom-
mission on private land claims were transferred
to the district court of the United States for Cali-
fornia, and if they were decided against the United
States, the right was given to appeal them to the
Supreme Court of the United States. When the
land commission -closed its business in Califor-
nia, there had been a good many appeals made
to the courts of the United States, and the cases
still pending there were transferred. Under t^is
head, also, the expenses of a confidential agent
to Mexico are to be paid, to procure copies of
documents needed for the defense of the Govern-
ment, on file in the archives of the Mexican Gov-
ernment. Tins course was pursued in the Alma-
den case, in which a large amount of money was
involved, and to sustain which the claimants had
employed very able counsel. It was impossible
for the district attorney to give that attention to
it which a case of that magnitude required for the
protection of the interests of the United States.
Other cases of similar importance and magnitude
will srisein California. Othercases are now pend-
ing there, and when these eases come to be ap-
pealed to the Supreme Court of the United States,
and a record has to be made up in each, it will be
impossibly for one peison to attend to it, and give
his attention to the other business which devolves
upon the Attorney General. It is imposvsible for
him to perform his ordinary duties, if the defense
of the Government in all these casfes is also left fb'r
him to attend to. In some of these-cases the record
will make several large volumes, requiring one
man to give it his attention for several months in
its preparation.
The investigation of these California land claims ;
has disclosed the fact that immense forgeries had
been perpetrated upon the Mexican Government.
Papers have been produced purporting to have
the stamp of the Mexican Government upon them,
which upon examination proved to be fabricated,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I modify
my amendment, by reducing the amount from
$40,000, to §20,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
modify his amendment so as to entitle him to
make another speech upon it.
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " fdYty," and inserting
" twenty." I understand that the gentleman from
Illinois is acting upon the idea, that this is for
counsel's fees, if that is so, it is unquestionably
extravagant. But my understanding is, that the
counsel who has charge of a class of cases in Cal-
ifornia, was compelled to incur expenses in hunt- ii
ing up evidence, paying clerk hire, and a thou-
sand things that grew out of his position as dis- !j
burser. His aggregate expenses amount to that w
sum: and I am willing to trust the Attorney Gen- j!
eral with that discretion. ' ||
Mr. S£a)TT. The chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and' Means has answered the gentle- | j
man from Illinois, and, I think, fully and thor- \\
oughly. And I have, now no disposition to go
into a discussion of the matter. I feel no interest
in it, except that justice may be done to parties
who have certainly rendered this Government
great service.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
say that I understand that an appropriation was
made last year of #40,000, for services m regard
to these California claims Why this additional
compensation is made for the next year, is what
I desire information m regard to. I agree with a
great deal of what the gentleman from Missouri
has said. I know very well the transactions which
have taken place in California, that Mr. Stanton,
of Pittsburg, was sent there, and discharged his
duties with extraordinary ability and fidelity to
the Government: and I desire that he shall be
paid a liberal salary, because I believe that he has
saved a great deal of money to the Government.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. Chairman, I understand
that these suits have been recovered by Mr. Stan-
ton, of Pennsylvania; and that this appropriation
contemplates paying him for the additional labor
which may be consequently imposed upon him
in following them through, and in attending to
the other cases which may occur in California,
and in which the Government of the United States
is interested. As I have said already, the gen-
tleman from Missouri has answered all of the
objections of the gentleman from Illinois to this
appropriation; but, sir, that gentleman made this
inquiry: whether the United States did not have
a district attorney at San Francisco, and whether
he was not sufficient to the discharge of the du-
ties incumbent upon him? whether he was not
capable of meeting and defending all the suits
which the Government may have in California:
I will state to the gentleman from Illinois, in
answer to that inquiry, that, in a conversation
which I had with Mr. Stanton not more than five
days ago, he told me that he had frequently con-
sulted with the most distinguished lawyers m the
Union, but that he never had met with a more
distinguished one than Peter Delle Torre, the
present United States district attorney at San
Francisco; that he was distinguished for his legal
ability and for his energy, and that the Govern-
ment could not have a moie faithful official to fill
that position.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
call into question Mr. Torre's ability; 1 only
inquired whether it was his duty to attend to
these cases.
Mr. SCOTT. I thought that the gentleman in-
sinuated that additional counsel had been called
in because the district attorney was not qualified
for his duties. He is overwhelmed with labor.
No one but those who have been there have any
conception of the duties which devolve upon the
district attorney of California. In California we
have a fc'arneU bar. It is ctfmgftfee'd ctf gfcntlemfen
from all sections of the Union, who have gone'
there to seek their fortunes. So far as this Liman-
tour, and other claims, are concerned, which in-
volve millions and millions of dollars, you find
the district attorney with the whole bar arrayed
against him. It was deemed absolutely necessary
that these means should be furnished, in order
that the Government should properly compete
with the overwhelming inteiests which may be
arrayed against it.
The question was taken; and Mr. Stanton's
amendment was rejected.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-'
mous consent, withdrew his amendment.
The Clerk read the following paiagraph:
" For purchase of the prop.°rtv in the city of New York,
now under the lease of the United States for courts; for
defraying the expenses of the Sunreme, circuit, and district
couit- ot the United States, including the district of Co-
lumbia i al-o, for jurors and witnesses, in aid of the funds
ari-ing tiom fines, penalties,and forfeitures inclined m tiie
fiscal year ending June 30, 18o'J, and previous years ; and,
likewise, for defraying tile expenses of suits in which the
United States are concerned, and of prosecutions for of-
fenses, commuted again-, t the United States, and for the safe-
keeping of piiioners, .$ 1,000.000."
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire to know of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means what
amount of this appropriation is intended for the
purchase of property m New York, and what for
the other expenses of the courts?
Mr PHELPS,of Missouri. I willanswer with
pleasure the inquiry propounded by the gentleman
from Alabama. The Secretary of the Interior
submitted his estimate for $1,000,000, as being
neccssary for the payment of the expenses of the
courts during the ensumg fiscal year; but he sub-
sequently informed me that there would be an
unexpended balance, but of that he could not de-
termine. lie believed that, by close economy, if
no extraordinary cases should ari.se in any of the
judicial circuits of the United States, there might
be a sufficient sum to enable him, out of this judi-
ciary fund, to purchase the building which he has
now leased for the use and occupancy of the United
States courts in the city of New York. Under
the act of Congress requiring the Secretary of the
Treasury to procure buildings for the accommo-
dation of the courts in the city of New York, he
leased Burton's Theater buildings. I do not know
how I can better explain this matter than by read-
ing from his repoit. He says:
" But if, by tlie practice of proper economy, the ex-
penses of the present year should not exceed those of the
last, and it is hoped they will not, it is respectfully suggest-
ed that the Department he authorized to apply so much of
the unexpended, balance may remain on hand at the close
of the year, as maybe necessary to the purchase of the
building leased by it, m the city of New York, for court
purposes. At present, we aie paying for the use of this build-
ing .^IG.OOO, per annum, with the piivilege of buying it,
within three years, for the sum of $215,000.
For many years the United States courts for the south-
ern di-uictot New Yoik were held in the City Hall, belong-
ing to the city of New Yoik, andiooms piocured in different
parts of the city for the use of the ju'riges, and other officers,
at an aggregate annual rentofftom twelve thousand six
linndied to twenty-two thousand five hundred dolUis.
During the last year,theeity authoritm^notitied the Depait-
nient that it must obtain other accommodations, and there-
upon immediate steps weie taken by it to that end. After
the mo=t careful examination of the vaiious buildings of-
fered for our use, that known as Burton's Theater, on Cham-
ber street, was selected as the most eligible ; and with the
advice of the judges, district attorney, arid mai&ha!, it was
leased for five year-*, with the puvilpge of retaining it ten
years longer, if desired, at the rate already mentioned. Such
changes have been made as were nccessary to adapt the
building to out purpose^, involving an additional expense of
about twenty-live tiiousand dollars, including cost of furni-
ture."
The committee was informed that the annual
expense for the rooms occupied by the United
States courts in New York city, was from twelve
thousand six hundred to twenty-two thousand
five hundred dollars per annum. When the Gov-
ernment was forced to find a building for itself, a
lease was taken of this building, known as Bur-
ton's Theater, at the annual rcntof $16,000, with
the privilege of purchasing it at any time within
three years, for the sum of $215,000. We have
already expended, in preparing that building for
the use of the courts, a sum exceeding twenty
thousand dollars. The question was presented
whether it would be more economical for the Uni-
ted States to become a purchaser*than to pay the
annual rent'. The lease extends for five years,
subject to renewal for ten.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. How much land
is proposed to be sold for this $215,000?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I think it has
