892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
you propose, when your courts in New York are
the most important of any in the Union, when
they have the greatest amount of business 
. j\ftr. HOWARD. I rise to a question of order.
Thegentleman from New York [Mr. John Coch-
rane] offered an amendment, debated it, but was
opposed. The amendment was withdrawn, and
it is now proposed to offer it again. Is debate in
order ? *
Mr. MORGAN. Tt was not acted on.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The amendment was not acted
upon, but withdrawn.
Mr. MORGAN. Mr. Chairman, I have only
a few words to say on this amendment. In New
Yoik city a large amount of your revenues is de-
rived, and what, sir, is the accommodation pro-
posed to be made for the United States court there ?
Jt is proposed now to purchase an old, rickety
theater building, repair it, patch it up, and then
put these courts in it. You are now already oc-
cupying an old church as a post office. I believe
that it has a weather-cock upon it which always
pojnts south, aird I think that wo had better make
a changc and point it north. If the Committee
of Ways and Means had done its duty, it would
have provided for fhe construction of a respecta-
ble building, where the public records would have
been safe, a?nd not, as they wilt tinder the pro-
posed arrangement, be exposed to fires. Burton's
Theater may have been a good building for fun,
but it js a poor one for the United States courts.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I oppose the
amendment of my colleague, that I may have an
opportunity of saying a single word on the sub-
ject. I am not prepared to say whether the
amount contracted to be paid by the Secretary of
the Interior is too high, or whether the price of
$215,000, which is proposed to be paid for this
land, i* too high or not; but, sir, as I understand
it, the United Slates have the privilege of determ-
ining that question at any time wulun three years.
Mmdfui-of the fact that the purchase of this land
by the Government will withdraw $213,000 from
the taxable property of the city of New* York, I
prefer that that withdrawal should be postponed,
because the city of New York need.s money about
as much as the Federal Government, if this
$215,000 can remain subject to taxation m the
cify of New York for two years, it wiil alleviate
the burdens of our people; and for one, as a
Representative of that city, I am willing that we
should wait until another session before wc make
an effort which wiil rcsuitin the purchase. I am
jndirtbrent therefore whether the purchase is made
now or at any other time.
Mr. Morgan's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. STANTON. I move to stiike out the
whole paragraph.
Mr. Chairman, in this section are three "items,
or half a dozen. There are three gen^ial heads',
amounting, in the aggregate, to $1,000,000. No
man knows, nor can any ascertain from the esti-
mates, or from the bill, how much is to be appro-
priated for the purchase of pmpcrty in New Yoi k,
how much for the expenses of the Supreme Court
of the United States, and how much for the pay-
ment of the expenses of jurors and witnesses.
We have a right to know something about those
things. A« a matter of curiosity, I should like
to know how much is spent for the expenses of
jurors and witnesses in the courts of the United
States, i would like to have the amount in a
separate item. A large proportion of it is for the
recapture and return of fugitive slaves, and for
criminal prosecutions growing out of them. It
was the 'dufy of the Committee of Ways arid
Means to have separated these items. There
should have been a separate item for the court-
house at New York, a separate item for the ex-
penses of jurors and witnesses--yes, sir, as it is
suggested to me, there ought to have been a sep-
arate item for the capture of fugitive slaves. Let
us have them separated. I move to strike out
the whole section, in order that these Hems may
be brought in separately.
Mr. SICKLES. I am opposed to the amend-
ment to the amendment. I profess to know some-
thing about the circumstances already alluded to
by my colleague, and which render this action of
the Secretiny of the Interior necessary. Th<* ac-
commodations for the United States courts in the
etty of New York, for the last fi\'e or six years,
have been .unworthy of the Federal judiciary.
Thev have been most inconvenient to the mern-
bers'of the bar having occasion to practice in those
.courts. Indeed, they have been matter of sur-
prise, if not of scandal, to the administration of
the Government at the city of New York. I
think that my friend and colleague will admit the
fact, that there is an actual necessity for some
permanent location to be provided.
Mr. CLARK, of'New York. No doubt about
it.
Mr. SICKLES. I think that my colleague will
also agree that no moie eligible and appropriate
location could have been chosen than the one in
question, which is immediately opposite and ad-
jacent to the City Hall.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I think so; but
my colleague will remember that that land now
pays a tax to New York of nearly $4,000 a year,
and that we cannot spare that money.
Mr. SICKLES. I will hasten to that point,
which is the new one presented by my colleague.
If this body were the Common Council of New
York legislating exclusively with an eye to the
tax payers of that city—if the city of New York
wete only fortunate enough to have so econom-
ical a body as this to legislate for it, that might be
a proper argument.
Mr. CLA'RK, of New York. I wish it had.
| [Laughter,]
| Mr. SICKLES. Then my colleague, who I
, believe is a tax payer, would be more carefully
' guarded than I fear he is now. 1 appreciate his
; sensibility on that point. At the same tirne,*i
; wouid be willing to take his estate and accept all
' the annoyances he suffers from the taxes. [Laugh-
! tor.] At present I-am annoyed with neither.
I [Renewed laughter.] 1 do not know which em-
, barrasses him most, the magnitude of his estate
. or the dimensions of his taxes; but I presume
| that any one here wouid be willing to take both
' and relieve him. Cut really his argument is one
j that can hardly weigh much with the House—
[ that to pay this $215,000, wouid relieve that much
, property in New York from taxation. The tax-
| able property of New York city amounts to many
; hundred millions, and this item would be but a
1 feather in the balance.
| A word now in regard to the price. I think my
| colleague will also agree that the price is a lea-
' sonabie one—much less than the same property
I could be purchased for three years ago, when,
| very high prices ruled in that neighborhood.
! Mr. CLARK, of New York. As the property
' is in my colleague's district, he can probably an-
i swer that better than I can.
! Mr. SICKLES. I do profess to know some-
j thing of its valu°, because I took some pains to
urge on the Department the necessity of procur-
> ing that location.
; Mr. CL A RK, of New York. Can my colleague
state to the House any circumstance rendering it
; necessary that the Government should, at this
: moment, embrace the privilege which it has se-
cured to itself of purchasing this property?
: Mr. SICKLES. lean; and that is the point
| which I was about to touch upon, and is the only
! additional one to which I propose to allude. It is
, tins: the Department of the Interior, with re-
j gard to the judiciary fund, has been so admirably
managed, and the expenditures to which my
j; friend from Ohio [Mr. Stanton-] has alluded,
!' (with regard, I suppose, to the fugitive slave act,)
j1 have been so very limited for the last year, that
5' an amount has been saved out of this judiciary
fund sufficient to purchase the site. Now, if we
make this excellent use of that balance which re-
mams to our credit in the judiciary fund, we will
secure this site. If we do not appropriate it in
j: this way, there is no telling what use may be
!. made of it in some other direction.
|| Mr. STANTON withdrew his amendment.
,[ Mr. LOVEJOY. I de&iie to offer im amend-
i; mcnt.
j! Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order, so that
!l there may be no misunderstanding when we come
|j to vote. My point is, that any amendment to
II strike out any portion of the bill below the lines
11 which I propose to strike out, is not an amend-
mcnt to mine.
The CHAIRMAN. If such an amendment be
offered, the amendment of the gentleman from
!, Pennsylvania will be first in order.
Mr. LOVEJOY. i move to amend the clause
by striking out the words, "and for the safe-
keeping of prisoners." I understand that that
means for the safe-keeping of fugitive slaves.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Oh, no; there are
none m New York.
Mr. LOVEJOY. This being my understand-
ing, I move to strike out those words. I will not
dwell now on the moral considerations pertinent
to this matter. I do not believe that the Consti-
tution confcrs on this House the power of taxing
me and taxing my constituents, to feed and clothe
and keep these fugitive slaves till their trial comes
on. If there is anything in the Constitution about
it, it is that they are simply allowed to be- taken
and carried back. And, sir, it is a thing so ut-
terly odious to the people of the free States, so
utterly degrading, and so abhorent to the feelings
of humanity, North and South, that I go for ad-
hering to the letter of the bond, giving nothing
more than the pound of liesh. That is all we can
give; and we give that reluctantly, if, therefore,
I do not misapprehend the meaning of this clause,
1 trust that it will be stricken out.
Mr. SINGLETON. The gentleman talks about
giving " the pound of liesh." I would be very
happy indeed, if the gentleman would return the
negro whom he helped to steal away from one of
my late constituents.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I thank the gentleman for
calling the attention of the committee to that mat-
ter. I never stole away any of the gentleman's
negroes—he never rightfully owned a negro.
Every human beingthat God made belongs to him-
self against the universe. And, sir, if this com-
mittee wish to know—as my attention has been
several times called to this, and as scurrilous let-
ters have been read here—whether I help fugitive
slaves, f march right up to the confessional and
tell them that I do. There is no human being,
black or white, that ever comes to my door and
asks for food when hungry, or sh. her when
houseless, but receives it; and if the invisible spirit
of slavery expects to cross my humble threshold
and forbid me to feed the hungry or shelter the
houseless, I bid that demon defiance in the name
of my God.
Air. SINGLETON. 1 would like the gentle-
man to define what he calls stealing," if tha-t
be not stealing.
Mr. LOVEJOY. Stealing is to take a man and
keep him a slave. " He that stealeth a man and
selleth him, or if he be found m his hands, he
shall surely be put to death."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to say to
my friend from Illinois that his argument has
evidently wandered from its point of departure.
When he proposed to strike out the clause for
the safe-keeping of prisoners, he evi iently did
not intend to deliver us a homily on slavery or
freedom. I am exceedingly obliged to him for
the many intended truths with which he has
greeted us, and for the much interest, and, indeed,
excitement, which he has manifested. We are all,
undoubtedly, beholden to him for the occasion
which has given to him and to us the opportu-
nity, the one of speaking and the other listening.
Hut there is one point to winch I would direct his
attention. I would advise him to guard against
what he seems to fear, by inserting before the worcf
" prisoners " the word " free."" [Laughter.]
Mr. PHELPS, of Missoun. The gentleman
from Illinois cannot be sincere in moving that
amendment. If it should prevail it would turn
loose every man arrested as a criminal against
any of the laws of the land. It would turn loose
every man guilty of murder, in the District of
Columbia; and so m reference to every crime upon
your statute-book—forgers, counterfeiters of your
public com and public securities; in fact, the gen-
tleman's amendment would make him a general
jail deliverer of all the criminals of the land.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to volun-
teer an amendment to the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, in reference to the safe-keep-
ing of prisoners; and before the question is taken
upon.his proposition to strike out, I must insist
on perfecting the clause, in order to relieve the
mind of the gentleman from Illinois, and to per-
fect the clause so as to icmove all doubt about its
being intended to provide for fugitive slaves, I
propose to insert between the words "of" and
"prisoners," the word "ire?," so as to make the
clause lean: "and for the safe-keeping of fiee
pnsoncis." [Gieut laughter.]
