1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
893
The question being first on Mr. Gnow'samand-
ment,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE called for tellers.
Toilers were ordered; and Messrs. Scales, and
Stewart of Pennsylvania, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 65, noes 38.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. Lovejoy's amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I move to strike out from
line seven hundred and seventy-six to line seven
hundred and seventy-nine, as follows:
u For additional salaries of tho treasurer of the Mint at
Philadelphia of §1,000, and of the treasuier of the bianeh
mint at New Oilearis ol $500, $1,500."
I make this motion for the purpose of inquiring
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether there is any law authorizing an
increase of salary of the office)s of the Mint? Is
there any law under which this appropriation is
proposed to be made ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Most assuredly
there is. Tho law of 1846 provides that the treas-
urers of the Mint at Philadelphia and at Now Or-
leans, shall perform the duties of assistant treas-
urer, and shall receive an additional compensation
therefor".
Mr. STANTON. Then I desire to inquire
whether, since that time, under any law, they
have received this additional compensation ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The law of 1846
provides that they shall perform those additional
services, and shall receive an increased compen-
sation therefor. The amount provided for as ad-
ditional compensation has been, I believe, appro-
priated every year since.
Mr. STANTON. I withdraw myamendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out lines seven hundred and eighty-live
and seven hundred and eighty-six, as follows:
For salary of additional clerk m office of assistant
tn usurer at Boston, {$1,200."
I make the motion for the purpose of inquiring
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, if there is any law authorizing the em-
ployment of this additional clerk?
Mr PHELPS, of Missouri. There is a law
piovidmg for it.
Mr. WASH13URNE, of Illinois. It seems to
me that this is the wrong time to establish new
offices.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. By the law of i
1834, the assistant treasurer at Boston was given J
an additional clerk, at a salary of $],2O0 per j
annum. !
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw !
thi' amendment. 1
Mi. CLARK, of New York. I move to strike
out from line eight bundled to eight hundred and
five inclusive, as follows:
,k Pot salaries of nine supervisor's, awl fifty in-pe^tors. ap-
pointed under act Kith Augu«t, lc"5*2, for the beitfci protec-
tion of the lives of pas-amcci* by steamboat?-, with ti a veiling
and other expenses uicuired by them, $b0 000 "
Will the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means inform me whether the act of 18.r>^
provides for the creation of those fifty-nine offi-
cers, or whether there is a discretionary power
with the heads of the Departments to enlarge the
number?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. It cannot be en-
large;!, as I am informed.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. KUNICEL, of Maryland. I move to strike
out tho following clause:
'* For compensation, m part, for the messenger in charge
of th<- mam turnace m the Capitol,
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For compensation of the messenger to tho Commissioner
of Public liuildmg*. and for his services in attending to the
main furnace m the, Capitol, which shall be in heuofail
other compensation, §1,001).
Mr. Chairman,it is proper that 1 should explain
my amendment to the committee. The office of
messenger to attend to the furnaces in the main
building of the Capitol, was established by act of
Congress of the 21st of August, 185'3. The pur-
pose was to keep constant fires in the Rotunda
that the pictures in the gallery there should not
be damaged by dampness. He was allowed three
dollars per day. Four hundred and and twenty
dollars of that salary is paid by the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, and the balance is paid out of
the contingent fund of the two Houses. By the
law he receives #1 ,050 as compensation, but be-
sides that he gets whatever extra compensation
is allowed to its employes by either House of
Congress, and his salary is thus run up to .four-
teen or fifteen hundred dollars a year. Myamend-
ment. is intended to carry out the spirit of the law;
and I believe that a salary of $1,000 is enough.
The amend mentis acceptable to the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, and is a suitable compensa-
tion for the services rendered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, SINGLETON. I move to strike out the
appropriation for the auxiliary guard.
Mr. Chairman, I propose this amendment to
say a word to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Lovejoy,] who, in a speech just made, acknowl-
edged that he has participated in the crime of
stealing a negro from one of my late constitu-
ents.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order? The gentleman must confine him-
self to his amendment.
Mr. SINGLETON. I regard him as a dis-
graced man, one unfit to associate with honest
men upon this floor; a disgrace to his constituents,
to the country, and worthy of a place in the pen-
itentiary.
[" Cries of order !"]
i feel bound to say that much upon this point.
So far as the holding of slaves is concerned, I
have no doubt, if the gentleman's lineage was
traced back, it would be found that his ancestors
were of the very men who helped enslave those
now held m bondage.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I call the gentle-
man to order.
Several Members on the Republican side. Let
him go on.
Mr. SINGLETON. His ancestors were in-
volved m the slave traffic,and when he undertakes
to denounce slaveholders, he is heaping curses
upon the heads of his own forefathers. En con-
clusion I repeat, sir, his proper place is m the
penitentiary.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman is clearly
out of order. He must confine himself to the
pending amendment.
Mr. GIDDINGS. I think the gentleman is in
perfect order. I hope he will be allowed to pro-
CCMr. SINGLETON. 1 now withdraw my
amendment. I offered it only to afford me an op-
portunity of putting upon record my opinion of
the member from Illinois.
Mr. HOWARD. Underthe instructions of the
Committee of Ways and Means, I move to add
to the bill the following:
For deficiency m paper foi the first tiespion of the Thirty
Fifth Conjjros, 13.
For rtclioicnev in paper for the second session of the
Thirty-Filth C<m«ie^. $'78,849.
Foi detK-ienrw 111 printing for the second session of the
Tim t>-FiUb Congrt& ,
Mr. Chairman, I move that amendment under
the direction of the Committee of Ways and
Means; and I will briefly explain the necessity
for it. The estimate for printing for the present
fiscal year, embraced exactly the amount that was
appropriated. The estimate for paper for this
year was $179,8G9, but the House at that mo-
ment had a spasm of economy, and struck off
$79,869; appropriating only $100,000. It is in-
dispensable that this money should be appropri-
ated to pay the bills of this very session, and there
was no way in which to get it hut by moving the
amendment to this bill, which I have done by di-
rection of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. MAYNARD I rise to a question of or-
der 
Mr. HOUSTON. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Michigan to say that one of these is
a deficiency for the current year?
Mr. HOWARD. Two of them.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 confess I do not understand
how that can be. It seems to me that there has
been less printing ordered during the present Con-
gress than during any Congress for tiie past ten
years; and if tho estimates were granted 
Mr. HOWARD. They were not; and that is
the reason why there is a deficiency.
Mr. HOUSTON. By what amount were the
estimates reduced ?
Mr. HOWARD. The estimates for the paper
for the current fiscal year were reduced by over
seventy-nine thousand dollars.
Mr. HOUSTON. And how much does the
amendment propose to replace?
Mr. HOWARD. Precisely that sum.
Mr. HOUSTON. It is very strange that the
deficiency now asked for happens to be the pre-
cise amount which the estimates were reduced.
It brings up justsuch a case as we had here a few
weeks since, in regard to an appropriation for ser-
vices in Oregon. The House saw fit at the last
session to reduce the estimate. And not only was
the estimate reduced, but the printing itself was
greatly reduced in amount. And yet, in the face
of these facts, here now we have an estimate for
deficiencies to the precise amount by which the
House reduced the estimate last y#$r, I do not
understand this. It looks to me as if it was the
purpose, on the part of the officers, to compel
Congress to take their estimates in despite of our
own judgment.
Mr. HOWARD. The estimates were made by
the former Superintendent of Public Priming. The
House saw fit to reduce them; and now, 1 hold in
my hand a communication from the present Su-
perintendent of Public Printing—an officer in
whom Congress has great confidence, although
some officials compkiin of htm for his strict econ-
omy.and hesaysthatthisamountisabsalutely re-
quired. He could not have been in collusion with
those who made the estimates, for he was not in
office at the time.
• Mr. MAYNARD. I now make a question of
order. This is a bill making an appropriation
for rhe, expenditures of the next fiscal year, and
the amendment, as I understand, is for a de-
ficiency in the appropriation of the current and
last fiscal years. The amendment, therefore, is
not germane to the bill under consideration.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is made
too late.
Mr. MAYNARD. The committee lias not
acted on the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment has been
received and discussed on both sides.
Mr. MAYNARD. The Chair will recollect
that the point of order was made, or the Chair
was addressed for the purpose of having it made,
as soon as the amendment was offered; and as
the mover had explained its character, I trust,
therefore, that the Chair will reconsider its de-
cision, that the point of order was not made m
season.
The question was taken on Mr. Howard's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I now move that
the committee rise and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Barksdale reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union hud, according to order, had the Union
generally under consideration, and particularly
! House biilNo. 71 > making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of
the Government for the year ending June 30, I860*
and had directed him to report the same back to
the House with several amendments.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded; and the
main question ordered.
I Fiist amendment recommended by the Com-
| mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union:
: Stnke out the following clauses <>f tho bill:
" For Congressional Globe, and binding the same,
; S-19.:<33 32.
! '* For reporting proceedings $18,048 ,J
I Mr. CURRY called for the yeas and nays.
Thf? yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
: the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 79; as follows;
; YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Atkin*. Avery, Bonham,
B-ijau, nim «tt, Chapman, Horace F. Oiuk. Clay, Cobh,
! John Cochrane. Coltax, Coining, Cox, Burton •""runz**, Ciaw-
A.id, Cuiry, David.-on, Davis of Indiana, Dowdeil, Ed-
mniid-on, FoU*>, Gaiiiett, Gart-'eii, GUmcr, Groosboek,
Harlan. Hanis. Hatch, Hill, IJopkitw. Houston. Juck^on,
Jj'wcu, Owc.i Jono. Jacob M Kuiikfl. McKihhui, MeRae,
Sanmej P. Marshall, Mason, Mammon, Mavnusd, Mile?-,
MilJei, Million, Muoie, Morgan, Mott, Fahner, Parker,
; Pettit, Puyton,_ Pike, Potter, Ruflin, Itusseil, Kandidge,
i Scales., Searirfg. Seward, Aaron Shaw. Henry M. Shaw,
