894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 0,
John Sherman, Judson W. Sherman, Shorter, Singleton,
VVi liani Smith, Stall worth, Stanton, Stephen5:, Steven&on,
Talbot. George Taj i<ir, Tompkins, Tnppe, Underwood,
* Vallandighatn, Vance, and Wortrndjke—79.
NAYS — Messrs. Abbott, Adiain, Bennett, Bingham,
Bhss, Bocoek, Bowie, Branch, Brayton, Buftinton, Burlm-
game, Burns, C«u-e, Caskie, Chaffee, John B. Clark, Claw-
son, Clark B. Cochiane, Covode, James Craig, Davft of
Marjland, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts,
Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dimmick. Dodd, Durfee,
Farnsworth, I^lorence. Poster, Oilman, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Greenwood, Gregg, Grow, Lawrence'W. Hall,
Hickman. Hodges, Hoiton, Howasd, Jenkins, George W.
Jones, Keim, Kebey, Knapp, Landv, Leach, Leidy, Leiter,
Lovejoy, Montgomery, MoiriU, Edward Joy Morris, Free-
man II. Morse, Murray, Niblaek. Nichols, Olin, John S.
Phelps, William XV. Phelps, Pottle, Puiviance, Robbins,
lloyce, Spinner, James A. Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Wade, Walbridjre, Waldron, Ward, Cadwaiader C. Wash-
burn, Eflihu B. Washburne, andisraei Washburn—79.
The SPEAKER voted in the affirmative.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. BARiiSDALE stated that if he had been
in the Hall when his name was called, he would
have voted in the affirmative.
Mr. WHITELEY stated that if he had been
in the Hall when his name was called, he would
have voted in the negative.
Mr. COMINS made a similar statement.
Mi*. CLARK, of New York. I move to recon-
sider the vote just taken.
Mr. BURNETT. I move to lay that motion
on the table.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I demand the
yeas and nays. I shall still vote in the affirmative.
The yeas apd nays were ordered.
Mr. NICHOLS. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. TRIPPE. How did the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Clark] vote?
The SPEAKER.. lie voted in the affirmative.
Mr. TRIPPE. The gentleman did not vote
%vith the majority. There was no majority.
The SPEAKER. He voted with the prevail-
ing side. That is the phraseology; and that is the
interpretation of the tule.
Mr. NICHOLS withdrew his motion to ad-
journ.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 77, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs Anders-nn, Atkins Avery, Bark=dah>,
Bonham, Boyoe, Biyan, Burnett, HUia Clark, Horace F.
Claik, Clav, Cobb. John Cocinan'\ Colia\, Corning, Cox.
Burton Craige, Ciavviord, Cuiry, Davidson, Davis of In-
diana, Dowdell, Edinuinisoii, Fanlknei. Foley. Garnett, 1
Garireli. Gilmer, Giofsbeck. Lawience W. Hall, Harlan, ;
Hill. Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, Jewett, Owen Jones,
Jacob M. Kunkcl, Mcltae, Ma-on, Matie.-on, Maj'itard,
Miles, Millson, Moore, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton, Pettit,
Pey ton, Pike, Powell. Kutiin. Ku^t-ell, ctandidge, Seaung,
Reward, Henry M. Shaw,John Sherman, Shinier, Sickles,
Singleton, William Smith, Stallworth, Stanton. Stephens,
Stevenson. Talbot, Geoige Taylor, Tompkins, Tnppe, Un-
derwood, Vailandighani, Vance, White, Wilson, and Wor- 1
tendyke—77. ' |
NAYS — Messrs Abbott, A.dram, Bennett. Bingham, \
Blair, BliSf., Bocoek, Bowie, Btanch, Brayton. Bufnmon, !
Burhngame, Burin, Oa&e, Calcic, Chaft'.ie," Chapman, John '
B. Clark, dawson, Conine. Covode, Cra«m. Janice Craiir, j
Davis of Mississippi, Davi^ofMa-^aclmsetts, Davis of Iowa', j
Dean, Dewart. Dumnick. Dodd. Durlee, Fariixwoiiii, Fku- !
t-'nee, Foster, Giddmn*. Gtltnan. Gooch, Gondr, Goodwin, }
Greenwood, Grega. Crow, [la-kin, Hatch, Ili.-kinan. Hoe- !
ton, Howard. Jcukin-j, Gemgc W. Jones, lyi-im, Kche\, 1
Knapp, Landv, Leach, Leidy, Lovejov, Tlumphiev lUar- j
shall, Monig'Mijiny. Mojgan, Momil, Eihvaid Joy M. ih, [
Freeman ii Mow, Miiiiav. Niehol?, Ohn, John S Pheip-, !
William XV. Phelp>, P> ttiM, Pottle, Purviance, Bobbin-.. .
Itojce, Jurison W Sherman, Spinner, James A. Stewain
Tappan, Thavor. Wad<\ V 7albrid p, Waldron. Ward. Cad- j
waiaderC Wa-bburn, Ellihu B. Wa>hbuinc, Isiael Wash- 1
bum, and Whitcley—S.3. j
So the House refused to lay the motion to re? j
consider upon the table. j
During the call of the roll, j:
Mr. CASE stated that his colleague, Mr. Kil- j]
gore, had paired off with Mr. Savage. h
The question then recurred on the motion to ||
reconsider. *j
Mr. HOPKINS demanded the yeas atul nays. ,!
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I appeal to the \\
gentleman from Virginia to withdraw that de- :
mand. We have already had the yeas and nays !
twice upon this question.
Mr. HOPKINS. I will withdraw the call. My ;
only object was to see how often gentlemen here ]
would change their votes.
fvTr. CLAY called for tellers on the morion.
Tellers v/i.re ordered; and Messrs. Ciiaftee
and Clay were uppmnti'd. i
The House divided; and the tellers reported— j
ayes 81, noes 54. j
So the, motion to'reeonsider was agreed to. i
The question recurred on concurring ih the
recommendation of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union to strike out the clause
of the bill.
Mr. NICHOLS. I ask the consent of the
House to propose the same amendment here
wiiich I proposed in committee.
Objection was made.
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 76, nays 85; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anderson, Atkins, Avery, Baiksdale,
Bonham, Boycc, Bryan, Burnett, Ezra Clark, Horace F.
Clark, Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Coltax, Coining, Cox,
Burton Craige, Ciawford, Curiv, Davidson, Davis of Indi-
ana, Dowdell, Edmundson, Faulkner, Foley, Garnett,Gar-
tieli^ Gilmer, Gioesbeck, Harlan, Hill, Hopkins, Houston,
Jackson, Jewett, Owen Jones, MeRae. Samuel S Mar-
shall, Mason, Matteson, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Millson,
Moore,Moraan, Palmer,Parker, Pendleton, Pettit,Peyton,
Powell, llutfm, Bussell, Sandidye, Scales. Searing. Aaion
Shaw, HernyM Shaw, John Shei man, Jud^on \y. Sher-
man, Singleiotij Robert Smith, William Smith, Stanton,
Stephens. Stevenson, Talbot, Geoice Tavlor, Tompkins,
Tnppe, Undeiwood, Vailandighani, Vance, Waldion, Wil-
son, and Woifendyke—76.
NAYS —Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Bennett. Bingham,
Bliss, Bocock, Bowie,Branch, Brayton, Buflinton, Buiim-
game, Curns, Case, Caskie. ChatFee, John B. dark, daw-
son, Clark B. Cochrane, Comms, Ciagm, Curtis, Davis of .
Maryland. Davis of Mississippi, Davis of Massachusetts, ;
Davis ot Iowa, Dawe^, Dean, Dewau, Dunmick, Dodd,
Durfee, Farnsworth, Florence, Foster, Giddings, Gilman,
Gooch. Goodwin. Granger, Greenwood, Giegsi, Grow, Law-
re nee W. Hal], Haskin, Hickman, Hodges, llarton. How- '
ard, Jenkins, George W. Jones, Keim, Kehcy, Knapp, 1
Landy, Leaeh, Leidy, Loveioy, Humphrey Marshall. Mont- }
goinerv, Mornll, Edward Joy Morns, Fieeman H. Moise, j
Muiray, Nichols. Ohn, John S Phelps, WilliamW. Piielp&, |
Plnlhps, Potter, Pottle. Purviance, Robbins, Ilovce, Spin- i
nfti. Jame^ A. Stewait,Tappan. Thayei. Wade, Walbiidge, 1
Walton, Waid, Cadwaladei C. Washbutn.ElhhuB. Wa>h- i
buine, liiael VVaslibuin, and Wlntelev— 85.
So the amendment was not concurrcd in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. POTTLE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Hoard, was detained at his room m consequence
of sickness. *
Mr. PURVIANCE moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 80, noes 54;
and thereupon (at four o'clock and live minutes,
p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 9, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. C. H. Stonestreet.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a repot t of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating, m compliance with a resolution
of the Senate, information in relation to the ex-
penses of the light-house establishment, the
charges levied by other countries on American
vessels for light duties, and what chatge per ton
should be levied on vessels to support the light-
house establishment; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
lie also Lud before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience
to law, o return ot the militia of the United States
and of their arms, oecoutermonts, and ammuni-
tion, for the year 1S58; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, 111 obedience
to law, a statement of expenditures from the
appropriation for contingencies of that Depart-
ment, its offices, and bureaus, dunngf Hie fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1S58; which was
ordered to he on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOUGLAS presented a memorial of Ben-
jamin Adams and others, soldiers of the war of
1812, residing m Ohio, praying for the passage
of a law making provision for the indigent sol-
diers of that war; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Muitary Affairs and the Mihtia.
Mi. PLARPE presented the memorial of sun-
dry cmzensof Aow Arundel cousny, Mnryl-tnd,
praying a.n inovas'j of the pay ot' the officers of
tiie Navy, which was icferredto the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. HALE. I have been intrusted by the
president and secretary of the New Hampshire
Baptist State Convention, held at Exeter, in Octo-
ber last, to represent to Congress that they have
understood that chaplains of different religious
persuasions, in the Army and Navy, in the per-
formance of th^ir duties, are pressed by the offi-
cers to use the Episcopal form of service on board
the ships and in the Army, which they represent
as an encroachment upon the religious rights and
liberties of other sects; and they pray Congress
to enact such a law as may prevent such an abuse
hereafter. The document which I present relates
to the Army and Navy equally; but 1 ask that it
be referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. In regard to that petition being
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, I
want to say merely to the committee and to the
gentleman who presents the petition, that there
is no such regulation as is there described in the
Army; and on some inquiry I think he will find
that there is no such regulation as is there de-
scribed in the Navy.
Mr. HALE. If"the Senator will bear with me
a moment, the memorial does not say there is
any such regulation, but that they are pressed by
the officers to do it.
Mr. DAVIS. There is no such practice in the
Army.
Mr. HALE. I'am told there is in the Navy;
and therefore it is appropriate to refer it to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
It was so referred.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Michigan, praying the enactment of a
law to secure to clergymen of ail denominations
their constitutional right m respect to the office of
chaplain in the public service, and protection in
the enjoyment of their religious liberty while m
the performance of the duties of their office; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
He also reported a memorial of ship-owners,
and others interested in the commerce and navi-
gation of the lakesjprayingtheerection of a light-
house at .the east end of Drummond Island, in
Lake Huron; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of citizens
of Falmouth, Massachusetts, praying the estab-
lishment ot a new station for the use of the light-
house establishment at Wood's Hole; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. BRODERICK presented the petition of
Henry Roy de la Reintne, praying compensation
for his services in exposing the fraudulent claims
of Jose Y. Limantour to lands in San Francisco
county,and adjacent islands of California; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. KING presented the petition of citizens of
NeW'Yoik, praying the passage of a law to pre-
vent further traffic m the public lands of the Uni-
ted States, and that they be laid off in farms or
lots for the free and exclusive use of actual set-
tlers; which was-ordered to lie on the table.
NOTICE OF A BILL.
Mr. FITCH gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to provide for the con-
struction of certain classes of public works.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOUSTON, in pursuance of previous no-
tice, asked and obtained leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 5G7) to repeal so much of the act of Feb-
ruary 21, 1857, cnfftled " An act to divide the
State, of Texas into two judicial districts," as
creates and establishes a district court of the
United States for the eastern district of the State
of Texas, and to incorporate the same with,the
western district of said State; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consentobtained, leave to introduce a hiil (S. No.
5G8) to enable the owners of property fronting on
Government piers, at Chicago, to use the same
for commercial purposes, and keep the same in
repair; which was read twice by us title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce.
MAIL ROUTES IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. SHIELDS submitted the following reso-
lution; which way considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Boads be directed to inquire into the expediency of
