274
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Slavery—Mr. Keitt.
Ho. of Reps.
the authority of the exponent—and I defy its re-
jection upon any tenable ground—to tell me
whether, within the range of your knowledge and
experience, you have, on this subject, as a mat-
ter of Christian faith and Christian obligation,
ever met 'with anything more lucid, more cogent,
and more inexorable than this religious synthesis
of slavery, as laid down by one of the lights of
the primitive Church? It is the voice of centuries
of primitive truth, pealing its refutations in the
ears of those who would pervert both the sanc-
tions of the Gospel, and the teachings of the men
whose places they seem not to have inherited, but,
indeed, usurped ! But, sir, as it is not yet proven
to my satisfaction that, on this point, our friends
of the North show an unquestionable title to the
monopoly of God's truth, so is it not proven to
my satisfaction that, on the question of slavery,
the doctors of the Church were not, eighteen
hundred years ago, better qualified than our
friends can be, to decide a matter of so moment-
ous an import to the temporal and spiritual wel-
fare of the South. I therefore protest, Mr.
Chairman, that unless one of the ablest and purest
of the teachers of the Church has preachcd
false doctrine and dangerous heresy, we are no
violators of the law of God in the fact and right
of holding slaves. I protest that what the great
doctor taught, fifteen hundred years ago, is pre-
cisely what we now practice. I protest that we
follow his dogmas, in preference to the anti-sla-
very ravings of the North, and that, observing;
and maintaining the difference, which he marks
out between the children and the slaves of our
households, we reduce both to the worshipful
duty which we all owe and pay to our God. Par-
ticularly do I protest, sir, that, relying on the ori-
final purity of the original faith, we of the South
ave a-cquired the right to stigmatize, as 1 now do,
those who accuse us of slavery-sm, with the brand
which belongs to falsehood, perversion, and anti-
Christianity.
For this protest, sir, well and safely may we
rely on the great doctor; for if ever there was one
man more than another competent to dispense
sound doctrine on this subject, whether viewed
in the legal, social, or political light, St. Austin
was that man; he who embodied in his person the
scholar, the philosopher, the legist, the pastor,
and the saint. Evidences of the true teachings of
the Church in connection with slavery you will
find, sir, inscribed in many a passage of his com-
mentaries on Holy Writ. Take for instance, his
seventy-seventh question 011 the Book of Exodus.
He is treating this very subject of slavery in Jew-
ish society. Speaking of the septenary rever-
sion to freedom which inured to the slave of He-
brew origin—not to him purchased from the heathen
nations around, who was "a perpetual inherit-
ance" to his masters—he marks the distinction
between Jewish slavery and Christian bondage,
and concludes with this remark, which might, no
doubt, kindle the ire of our anti-slavery grum-
blers:
" Lest tho Christian slaves should request tins from thou
masters, the apostolic authonty commands the slaves to hp
subject to those masters, for fear that the name of God shall
be blasphemed!"*
One more citation, sir, from him who teaches
the slave that ** he is a faithful sei vant of Christ,
jf he serves those whom Christ has seived,"and
1 will have adduced sufficient proof from that
source that slavery is not the sin charged upon
our heads jn the name of the Gospel of Faith. It
is a dictum touching the organization of human
politics; but it is not the less binding for being !
proclaimed by one who stands as a controlling
authority in the early annals of that faith. Com- :
paring God's government on earth and the repub-
lic described by Cicero, he refers to Scipio's def-
inition of a good commonwealth, and argues
against his objection that " it is unjust that the
republic should allow slavery." There is the
doctor's answer; and let me ask you whether the
South may not justly claim it as a vantage-ground
of right?
*• We answer on the part of justice, [says the doctou]
that it is equitable on this account, that slavery is useful to
" No sctvi Chn&tiani hoe fiasitareut & domim,- suu=>, apo—
tohea auctoritas jubct seivos domims ui.s esse subortos, nd
iiomen Die biasphematur.—iSl. August. Comment. inExod.
Uuiest. LXXVIIj lib. 3.
some men ; and that, when legally practiced, it is so to their
advantage—namely, when the license of doing mischief is
taken away from the savage; for, in a condition of domes-
ticity, they will bear themselves better, m proportion, as
they bore themselves worse, when not domesticated. And,
in order that this reason may be confirmed, we may add a
noble example, drawn from nature, and ask, why, there-
fore, does God control his creature—the soul, the body,
and reason, the passions, and other vicious tendencies of
the mind? It is plainly evident, from this example, that
slavery is beneficial to some."
With this quotation, which I will not weaken by
any comment of mine, I close, sir, such authorities
as I have deemed apposite, from the works of St.
Augustine, to show that, in the year 350,or 360, of
the early Christian era, the guardians of the faith
not only did nothold slavery to be a sin, butalso
maintained that, in instances adduced, it is a pos-
itive benefit to some. But, as they entirely harmon-
ize with the doctrines of the Greek bishops, I now
proceed to complete them by others, drawn from
i the doctrinal writings of the high-famed Chrys-
| ostom, the valiant champion and golden-mouthed
I orator of the Christianity of the East. Like his
j great brother of the Latin Church, on all ques-
1 tions of faith, and of course on this of slavery,
\ he goes to the sacred record to inquire into the
mandate of the Savior and the teachings of His
Apostles. Like him, he there finds nothing that
construes slavery into sin; but, on the contrary,
all that makes it an allowable element of society,
not clashing with the intentions and will of the
Divine scheme. And none, sir, was better qual-
ified than he to examine that question under every
phase which it might present. Armed with all
the resources of Greek dialectics—an instrument
friendly to error in the service of paganism, but
a weapon of irresistible power in the vindications
of Christianity—versed in what the ancients
tersely called tho rerwtt kiimanarum divinarumque
peritia—trained to every form of human knowl-
edge then attained, and credited as an authorita-
tive expounder of things Divine—Chrysostom,
with the stern logic of a Demosthenes, embel-
lished by the elegant copiousness of a Cicero, has
developed every relation, moral, social, political,
and religious, of the Christian organization.
Nothing, sn, was too vast to elude the grasp of
his intellect—nothing too minute to escape the
searchings of his inquiry. And all of those rela-
tions were analyzed and developed in due subor-
dination to the mandates of the Christian faith.
Numerous, sir, as are the muniments which we
could build up from the teachings of a man who is
acknowledged to have had no superior in pagan or
Christian antiquity, I must be content to adduce
a few authorities oniy from his writings, and those
of a purely and strictly dogmatic character. I
open the book of those immortal homilies which,
if I may so term it, have constituted, uncon-
sciously in many instances, the stock in trade of
successive preachers, and, umon? the multifarious
subjects which they agitate, 1 find this of slavery,
in the Christian sense, handled with an acumen
and a rigor unsurpassed. In the outset of his
postoral labors—m his preachings to his flock,
preachings widely differing, sir, I am bound to
say, from those of our holy brethren of the .North
to their flocks—I find the learned bishop, in his
fifth homily on Genesis, introducing this question
of domestic slavery under the Christian dispens-
ation, and addressing slaves, not to tell them that
their masters arc sinners because they hold slaves,
but to justify such holding, and to explain to the
J slaves their duty under the requirements of the
! Christian law.
I -'Til's [exclaims the saint] mav be said to slaves: Art
I thou called a slave? Well, why should it concern thee?
I Do j ou not see tli.it the Apostle shows that slavery is but
, a nominal thing if you but have the (-hn^tian virtue^ ? But,
j even could you become free, make a still better use of your
j condition—that is. rather remain in that condition of b'ond-
| azel And why? Bccau <e he who is callcd a slave, in the
I ttuth of the Loid, is the frcedman of the Lord I" (St.
! Chrysostom. Ilomel V.)
I Human laws, Mr. Chairman, may, by legisla-
1 tion. create crimes. I mean that some acts, against
! which there never was a penal sanction, may be,
and they have been, converted into misdemean-
! ors by the subsequent will of society lawfully
i expressed. But 1 have yet to learn, sir, that the
| case finds a parallel in the Divine law, and that
! human agency can add to or detract from what
I it has clearly defined under the sanctions of un-
erring truth. Hence, sir, if the holding of slaves,
involving the existence of slavery, was not a sin
in the earlier days of Christianity ; if the fact of
slavery, involving the existence of the master,
was not only not a sin, but actually was a con-
dition in which one of the great teachers of spir-
itual truth exhorted the slave to remain, I am at a
loss to account, save on the grounds of malice
and perversion, for the late, very late, addition
of " slavery sin," which our pious brethren have,
in the nineteenth century, made to the catalogue
of iniquities originally defined as violations of the
law of God. Some, no doubt, may regret that
the great doctor and exemplary saint had not the
assistance of the profound learning, and the ben-
efit of the edifying practices, of our modern ex-
positors Had this been his privilege,he would
assuredly have amended his heresies; nor would
he have so pertinaciously held to his premises,
exclaiming in their further development:
" Do you not perceive, therefore, that slavery exists as a
ineiely nominal thing, and is freedom m reality? Whyelse
did tho apostle allow you to continue a slave? Why, but
that you should he made acquainted with the excellence of
spiritual fieedom? For, as it is a much greater thing, and
one worthy of more admiration, to have preserved un-
scathed the bodies of the three youths in the burning fur-
nace than to have quenched out the flames; so much greater
and mors admirable is it m the permanence of slavery to
give evidence of that freedom than to abolish the slaveiy !
Hence, has the apostle said, although you may have it in
your power to be made fiee, lather avail yourself of the
bondage; that is, remain a slave—seruus mane—for you aie
in possession of the tluesthberty,J,—Si. Chrysostom, ibid.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if we take the doctrines
of the primitive teachers of the faith and contrast
them with the denunciations of our latter-day
champions of anti-slavery, we have an opposition
the most absolute, perhaps, presented to the judg-
ments of the human intellect and the obligations
of Christian faith. The authorized expounders
of that early faith tell the slave that his status in
the social organism should be no matter of con-
cern to him; but the ingenious inventors of our
days, tell him, in contradiction, that it is his right,
at any cost and by every means, to withdraw him-
self from the normal state of things. The foimei,
in the acquittal of their conscience, and in the
discharge of their ministry, as men and as pas-
tors, tell him that, provided he profits by the
spiritual gifts which are extended to him, it is bet-
ter for him, even if he could become free, to con-
tinue in his bondage, and, availing himself of his
servitude for the benefit of his soul, to abide by
his condition as a slave. The latter tell him that,
by all cost and by all means, it is his duty to de-
fraud the master of what St. Augustine calls his
" temporal property,"and withdraw himself from
a lawful authority. The former tell him that his
condition is one of the various conditions of hu-
man life, which, fused together, go to constitute
the harmonies of social order, under the foresight
and intentions of the suggestor of all societies.
The latter tell him that that condition is not in the
fitness of things, and that it is imposed upon him
by the arbitrary will of man in violation of the
written law of God. The former tell him that
slavery is a mere name—that it is no evil; but,
on the contrary, that it is a derivative benefit, to
him, from which he must not seek to absolve him-
self. The latter tell him that slavery is a galling
incubus—that it is the curse of curses, to the re-
moval of which he is bound, in the name of God
and by the faith of Christianity, to apply all
his energies in flight, in conflagration, and in
blood!
Can these conflicting doctrines, iVTr. Chairman,
consistently stand side by side? Who are to be
presumed to be the pervcrters of the truth in this
question of slavery? They who almost directly
leceived the sacied teachings of the primitive
apostleship, or they who, with an intervening
chasm of fifteen centuries, ignoring the teachings
of those apostolic times—ignoring those compact
traditions which speak to the present the testi-
mony of the past—suddenly stand up and preach
a doctrine, novel, false, and reprobated by the
recoids of those days? Can two distinct tiuths
be successfully maintained on any essential ques-
tion—eveu such a question as this of slavery—as
a matter of Christian obligation and Christian
faith? And, if it be a truth that slavery never
•was adjudged to be a sin, by the dictum of the
