1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Death of Hon, John A. Quitman—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
Savior—that it never was held to be such; but,
on the contrary, held to be a benefit, on the
award of the first apostles and of the successive
teachers of the Church, can it now, in the nine-
teenth century, and on the lips of our slanderers,
be a truth, defining the institution both as a sin
and a curse, which are to reduce us to the con-
demnation of human opinions, as well as the vin-
dications of the Divine laws ? Can two truths,
so opposite in their essence, upon one and the"
same question, be derived from one and the same
source? It is beyond the power of even credul-
ity to reconcile them. Is the draught of water,
Mr. Chairman, which you draw from your
street-pump, purer than the drink which you
exhaust from the living spring, gushing out of
the primitive rock ? Are these teachings of the
followers of an " anti-slavery Scripture and an
anti-slavery God"—teachings of a well-masked
infidelity, stealthily squatting on the>suburbs
of atheism to supplant the merciful silence of
the Savior, to overthrow the direct doctrines of
his apostles, to blot out the traditions of their
successors? Are we, more than six millions of
men and Christians, who have no intention of
disparaging themselves by a comparison with
northern superiorities, are we to be arraigned be-
fore the tribunal of the world, under the indict-
ment of "three thousand clergymen," who enter
the sovereignties of our States, traduce the mo-
ralities of our households, violate the forum of
our consciences, and charge us with the sin of
slavery, bccause they themselves have perverted
the word of God, marred the teachings of their
Master, and disturbpd the tendencies of His will,
which is His law r These pretensions, sir, of our
northern editors, of a new canon of Christianity,
are, I apprehend, rather premature; and they may
well stand adjourned until they have succeeded in
fastening upon this country the teachings of their
anti-slavery Scriptures, and secured the coopera-
tion of an anti-slavery God !
I would desire, Mr, Chairman, still further to
develop the authorities which I have before me,
relative to the concinnous doctrines of the early
Church, especially to the doctrinal teachings of
Chrysostom, on this head of domestic slavery.
But, self-admonished that the branchings of the
question and the abundance of the materials have
even now carried me far beyond the limits which
i had assigned to myself, I must be content to
close my inquiry with a bare advertence to a
fact, which is vouchsafed for by the testimony
of both legislation and history. I have quoted
the authority of the early bishops as tcachcrs
of the Church; but we muyt not lose sight of the
capital fact that they were also counselors of the
Empire.
And, now, sir, allow me to ask you: those bish-
ops of the Church had sufficient influence on
Constantine, when he was yet but a neophyte,
to enlist him in all the interests of the Christian
faith, of which they were the depositaries. They
had sufficient influence to move him into a purely
religious war with Maxentius, who, sustaining
the doctrines of Arius, struck at the divinity of
the Savior, and destroyed the essence of his
creed. They had sufficient influence to procure
from him notable changes in the vectigalia, the
taxation system of the Empire, which weighed
upon the poor, and ground them down into daily
increasing poverty. Nay, they had sufficient
influence to secure their appointments as civil
magistrates, seated upon the Preetorium, and ;
wielding, at once, the spiritual authority, and dis-
pensing the imperial taws ? They had influence
for all this; but had none to obtain, from him and
his successors, whose supporters, counselors,
and directors they were, a binding declaration of
the sinfulness, and a rescript for the gradual abo-
lition, of slavery. Sir, had they, as the inheritors
of the promises of Christ, and the trustees of the
teachings of his Apostles, held the fact of slavery
to be a violation of the Divine law, would they
not have exerted their spiritual authority, armed
by their temporal influence, to have it suppressed
by tiie dictum of human law
Now, sir, how does this question stand on the
page of history and in the articles of the code r
Why, the period which embraces the labors of
those bishops embraces also the very times when
slavery appears to have been constituted as a
question stricti juris, and made the subject-matter
of positive law. Previous to the constitutions of
Constantine, and, consequently, of Theodosius
and Justinian, slavery, except in the special or-
dinance and institution of God, had existed as
the result of various causes, which, on other oc-
casions, I have developed on this floor. It had
rested on a species of common law—common to
all the nations of the earth. Lost in the very
origins of the most rudimentary forms of society,
it had been previously left to the 'sanctions of
tradition and usage—to the arbitrary will of the
master, or the occasional edict of the Praetor. But
with the accession of Constantine, more espe-
cially with the succession of his decendants, to
the throne, its relations were strictly defined; the
rights and duties of the master, and the tenure
and obligations of the slave, were, under the in-
fluence of the Christian Church, settled by impe-
rial dccrecs, as they are with us settled by legal
statute.
This, sir, presents an inductive argument,
which, to say the least of it, may not be easily
gainsayed. The Christian, sir, had passed away
from the ordeals of persecution. He had groped
his way out of the catacombs to realize the taunt
and the boast of Tertullian—to vote in the Senate
—to lead on the armies—and to judge in the tri-
bunals. Through the bishops, who guided him
in the ways of faith, he was a power, and a
marked and controlling power, in the State. As
in other matters, so in this of slavery, he might
have made that power felt. But it was not done,
sir; and not done, because those who wielded the
energies of that faith, and laid down its require-
ments, knew, beyond all doubt, that they were
not called on to directand apply them in that way.
They had learned, sir, and they had taught, that
slavery is no sin, but one of the conditions of
human life," Deo judicante^ " in the judgment of
Gud, with whom there is, and can be, no injus-
tice !>J Having so learned, and having so taught,
they could not ask for the abolition of that which,
being no violation to the law of that God, was a
humanly and divinely consecrated element in the
regular order of society. Had it not been so,
Mr. Chairman, had those men—bishops, martyrs
and saints—not known and felt that slavery is not
the sin which our modern saints impute to us—
they would, as upon ail other occasions, have
been ready to lay down iheir lives in the vindica-
tion of the integrity of that faith. I find nothing
of the kind.
But through the dim archways of the past, I
will tell you, sir, what I see, and that is some-
thing which should blast the presumption of the
men who, from their luxurious pulpits, would as-
sail and repudiate the teachings and the faith of
those who baptized them in their very life-blood !
Already, sir, have I alluded to the bloody arena
of the chief city in Gaul, which witnessed the
martyrdom of nine thousand Christians, of fathers
and mothers, of husbands and wives, of masters
and slaves. With the inquirer into the varieties
of the past, I go down into the very catacombs
which housed the infant destinies of Christianity;
and upon their walls, to the memory of Gorcfi-
anus, slaughtered for the faith, with ail his house-
hold—children and slaves, I find a votive me-
morial, inscribed by the affection of Theophila,
the only survivor of that household, a grateful
slave I In another quarter I see St. Theela, sur-
rounded by fifty of her slaves, giving with them
the highest testimony of the faith which bound
the mistress and the slaves in one common tie.
I step into the circus, and I behold the heroic
Blandina calling down upon herself, so as to di-
vert them from her mistress, the torturing inge-
nuities of the executioners; I see the mistress sus-
taining the slave, and the slave comforting the
mistress, until their blending spirits passed on to
the throne of God ! I see these things, sir, and I
am reminded of an appointed, inevitable day be-
fore that throne, it does not belong to me, sir,
to judge. But, before that throne, i await the
coming of our assailants. To that day 1 adjourn
them, when these witnesses—masters and slaves
—made holy by the consecrations of martyrdom,
shall stand to protest against their perversions of
the truth I
DEATH OF HON. JOHN A. QUITMAN.
REMARKS OF HON. JEFF. DAVIS,
OF MISSISSIPPI,
In the Senate, January 5, 1859'.
[revised by himself.*j
A message was received from the House of Representa-
tives announcing the death of Hon. John A. Qditman, a
member of the House of Representatives from the State of
Mississippi.
Mr. DAVIS addressed the Senate as follows:
Mr. President: The message which has just
been received, sadly recalls to our consideration
the loss which not only Congress, but the whole
country, has sustained in the death of Hon.
John A. Quitman—justly described in the reso-
lutions which have been read. During the last
session, as a member of the House of Represent-
atives, he was associated with us in the labors of
legislation. Much experience in official stations
had set upon his brow the crown of wisdom and
of public confidence; and his services were be-
coming, with each revolving year, more valuable
to his country. He yet retained enough of physi-
cal and intellectual vigor to give promise that his
life would be long, and his career of usefulness
add much to his country's welfare. A soldier
who had so often been spared amid the storms of
battle, it was natural to expect would still con-
tinue to be the favorite of fortune. He was not
the one we should have supposed, in the midst
of common danger, would hav^ been selected by
the hand of death for its victim. Yet the tide of
time, returning hoarse, bears as a wreck on its
relentless wave all that was mortal of the hero
and statesman. It is not my purpose to attempt,
in the language of eulogy, to describe the charac-
ter, or narrate the services, of the deceased, but
briefly, very briefly, to refer to some of the events
of his life which connect themselves with the his-
tory of the country, and serve to illustrate some
of the blessings ot the institutions under which
we live.
John A. Quitman was born in the State of New
York, in the year 1799. Carefully educated by a
pious father, he was taught, especially, languages
to fit him for the holy ministry; but his taste, as
he grew up, led him to seek a more active field.
He emigrated to Ohio, and was there admitted to
the bar. After a brief residence, about two years,
he went on to the State of Mississippi, settled at
Natchez in 1822, and there commenced his career
as a lawyer. The energy, the activity, the love
of popular esteem, which constantly pressed him
on to vigorous exertion, brought fame and wealth
in their train; brought more than these—the trib-
ute of approbation from his fellow-citizens, and
the love of his neighbors throughout his long and
eventful life.
My acquaintance with him commenced a short
time after his ariival in Mississippi, and I then
realized what so many have felt at subsequent pe-
riods—the power he had to attach the young to
him. I was a school-boy; we read Spanish to-
gether; and ho impressed me with that peculiar
trait in his character which endeared him to youth,
and which caused so many manly cheeks to be
wet with tears when his death was announced in
that country where he was best known.
His career in the profession of the law was one
of rapid advancement. He was not only among
the fust in his profession at the bar where he prac-
ticed, but he was soon elevated by the popular
judgment to the post of chancellor. He mingled
with the arduous labors of the law the pursuits
and cares of a planter. He also, prompted by
that patriotism which turned him aside from his
own avocations to those of general importance,
engaged in the public affairs of the State; was a
member of the Legislature in both its branches;
presiding officer, at one time, of the Senate, and
the Governor of our State; thus having, as it
weie, completed the circlc both of political and of
legal positions within the limits of the State of
which he was a citizen. We thus see a northern
youth, thrown off into the extreme portion of the
Union from that in which he was born, associated
with men not only strangers to him, but without
* For the original report, see Cong. Globe, page 224.
