898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
I say, sir, that in 1857 the tariff was reduced
by the deliberate recommendation of the Execu-
tive Government, by the deliberate vote of the
Representatives of the people; and the reduced
rates have done what we expected. The first year
of.the present tariffit yielded between thirty-eight
and forty-three million dollars. The causes for
that were very apparent. Your importations sud-
denly fell off $90,000,000. A great monetary con-
vulsion occurred. I shall not inquire into its
causes, but it was a fact; and its effect was, that,
while your exportations last year were probably
very nearly equal to the exportations of the pre-
vious year, your importations fell offabout ninety
million.dollars, and, therefore, your revenue fell
off; but for the present year the Secretary esti-
mates the customs receipts at §50,000,000. That
is what we expected. Now, when the crisis is
passing away, when we can just see the storm,
when we can just hear its roaring, when its evi-
dences are all around us, the present tariff is bring-
ing us in what we anticipated. According to the
estimates ofthe Secretary ofthe Treasury, (which
are thus far sustained by the facts, and we have
gone through some seven months of the fiscal
year,) this tariff will yield every dollar that we pro-
posed to raise by it upon the imports; and for the
only fiscal year for which we have now to pro-
vide, the Executive Government tells us we may
calculate upon $56,000,000 from the present tariff.
That is $6,000,000 more than we counted for.
Why, then, shall Congress retrace its steps ? For
what purpose shall we abandon this policy, thus
deliberately adopted, thus unanimously confirmed
by the judgment of the whole country, by all
opinons, and all parties, and all sections? Accord-
ing to the idea of the Senator from Pennsylvania,
it is because our present expenses are unavoida-
able. He assumes that the expenses, as proposed
by the Executive Government,are unavoidable.
Now, let us see whether, in truth, there is a defi-
ciency at all in the fiscal year 1859-60. In the
present fiscal year the Secretary of the Treasury
estimates for a surplus of §7,000,000, assuming
that he still uses the $19,000,000 of Treasury notes,
or uses the same amount of public credit in any
other form, without creating a new debt; without
creating new obligations. Then he goes into the
year 1859-60 with §7,000,000. The Secretary
comes out of it on the 30th June, I860, witfi a de-
ficiency of little more than four million dollars,
according to the estimates. On page 5 of the Treas-
ury report he makes the deficiency §4,057,848 89;
but he adds:
"To this estimated deficiency on the 30th June, 1S60,
should be added the sum of §3,838,728, wliicli will be re-
quired for tbe service of the Post Office Department during
the present fiscal year. This latter amount is not taken into
tile foregoing estimates, but is asked for by that Department,
as will appear from the letter of the Postmaster General, ac-
companyingthe annual estimates."
Of this very expenditure that we are called
upon to provide for 1860, the Postmaster General
has already got between six and seven million
of the deficiency. He calls upon us for that in
the regular estimates, and then we are called upon
to provide for nearly four other million, giving
him about nine million of the public Treasury.
I do not intend to give it to him. I do not con-
sider that unavoidable. I shall never vote for it
under any necessity that may possibly arise. No
power on earth could make me sustain what I
consider so monstrous an outrage as the present
administration of our Post Office Department. I
wash my hands of the whole of it; and before I
get through, it is my purpose to show that the
expenses of that Department have increased and
are increasing, and that duty and honesty and
the public service demand that they should be
diminished. I shall have something to say on
the Post Office Department when I get to another
branch of the remarks of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, who gave us some post office
statistics; they.look very much like the statistics
of the Post Office Department. The facts are
before me in an official form, and I will show
what is the value of figures when they are put
together to force a result, instead of tending to
truth.
Four million is considered the deficiency for
the next year; but, in order to attain that defi-
ciency, the Secretary of the Treasury estimates,
in the first place, that all the moneys appropriated •
from the beginning of the Government down ft
30th June, 1860, will have been expended. He
estimates for the payment of every outstanding
appropriation. If there is a continued one from
1789 to now, he estimates that every dollar of it
will be spent within the fiscal year. That is im-
possible; and I will show the Senate where the
great error of the Secretary is in that respect.
We have had a balance of unexpended appropri-
ations every year, varying from nearly two mil-
lion dollars, in 1791, to twelve million according
to the estimates for 1859-60. At the end of 1791,
there was an unexpended balance of §1,784,000;
which I believe is the smallest amount in any
year in a long table before me; and in 1856-57
the balance of appropriations unexpended at the
end of the fiscal year amounted to §26,000,000.
It averaged over twenty million for the five years
preceding, and averaged more than thirteen mil-
lion for ten years preceding. It is like bank de-
posits: one takes outand another puts in. .Your
fortifications cannot all be done within a year;
and you have some continuing appropriations
that run from year to year; and so of a great many
branches of the public service. These balances
arise in a hundred different ways. You appro-
priate to the lieutenant general, say, §17,000. If
he dies the day after the appropriation, and there
is nobody to fill his place, the appropriation is
unexpended. That is one way in which these
balances are created. I recollect that in 1837—I
believe the fund is in thd Department now—you
appropriated money to pay for horses lost in the
Florida war. As fast as people came forward
and proved the loss of their horses they got the
money; and the appropriation stands from that
time to now. You appropriate for surveying
public lands, which my friend from Minnesota
[Mr. Shields] would well understand. Various
causes interfere; the appropriation is moft than
the amount required; and I believe it does some-
times happen that you have done the work for a
little less money than was appropriated. Fre-
quently the appropriations are indefinite; you
cannot tell exactly the amount needed. Then an
honest Administration will oftentimes find that
it cannot consume even all the money it expected
to do in one year, and must postpone many things
until the next year. There are a thousand causes
which tend to produce unexpended balances. Rut
now, in order to show a deficiency of §4,000,000,
we are to assume, contrary to the experience of
every fiscal year from 1791 to 1857, that when
we close up our account on the 30th June, 1S60,
there will not be one dollar of unexpended appro-
priations in the Treasury of the United States.
I have pointed you to the facts; I hold the table
in my hand, in an official document, showing the
balances each year. We hear no special reasons
assigned why that should be the case now, when
it never has been in any year from 1791 until to-
day. I presume the balance on hand is less when
the Government is hard up; it is less when they
are most economical, and most when they are
most extravagant.
Mr. SIMMONS. Do I understand the Sena-
tor to be commenting on the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, or on the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury ?
Mr. TOOMBS. The Secretary assumed that
there would be a deficiency in June, 1860, and I am
showing that there will not be. I am commenting
for or against no man. I am for the truth. I
have sought to discover it, and my purpose is to
proclaim it. Therefore, if the Senator asks me
whether I make an assault on anybody, I tell him
it is not so; for I have very high respect for the
gentleman who now sits at the head of the Treas-
ury of the United States, for his ability and in-
tegrity.
Mr. SIMMONS. I had not an opportunity of
reading the speech of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, but I wanted to know where I could find
the figures. ,
Mr.-TOOMBS. I can show the Senator where
he will find the figures I refer to. I read them
from a document printed last year, containing a
statement of the receipts and expenditures of the
United States from March 4, 1789, to June 30,
1857, ordered to be printed on the 5th of Febru-
ary, 1858. The tables are from the office of the"
present Secretary of the Treasury, and I have no
doubt are accurate.
I say, then, in order to get even §4,000,000 de-
ficiency, the Secretary is compelled to assume, as
I have before stated, that there will be no unex-
pended balances in the Treasury on the 30th of
June, 1860; but it is true that some of the debt
will be due. But there is one large item of public
expenditure, in regard to which I think I have
a cause of complaint—not against the Treasury,
but against whoever controls your public lands.
For the last twelve months that branch ofrevenue,
in order to force this very deficiency, has yielded
but §3,000,000. Why ? We have paid during the
past year more than three million dollars to sur-
vey the public lands, that settlers might identify
their own rights in Minnesota, in Wisconsin, in
Iowa, in Kansas, in Nebraska, in California.
We have scattered, with a lavish hand, millions
upon millions, forcing the surveys, and yet we
have brought scarcely an acre into market for
sale. Between sixty and eighty million acres of
land have been surveyed and are now settled
upon, and the money is due the Treasury; but
the landhas not been offered for sale at all. Why
is it not done ? Senators know very well. Of
course, when they are offered at public sale, the
preemptioner must pay for his preemption. He
wants time. The people want time, I suppose,
until they can get the land as a gift. That is the
true secret of it. This is an ordinary source of
revenue, and it was the duty of the Government,
when it called upon us to appropriate money to
survey new public lands, to bring those public
lands into market as soon as it could be conve-
niently done; but there is an effort to absorb the
public lands, to withdraw them from the legiti-
mate purposes, until a Congress can be found to
give them away altogether. There are the lands
surveyed, there are farms, there are houses,
there are improvements on them. I think in
Minnesota some lands have been settled for ten
years, that have not yet been brought into mar-
ket. My friend from Minnesota can correct me
if I am wrong.
Mr. SHIELDS. I presume the honorable Sen-
ator, in saying there had been no sales made in
the new States, means public sales, general sales.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. SHIELDS. That is true. The people of
those States are opposed to those public and gen-
eral sales, because they put the lands into the
hands of speculators and non-residents; but there
have been sales going on yearly there, what we
callprivate sales, preemption sales, and those sales
have not brought much money into the Treasury,
and never will. The reason is, that the land war-
rants which have been issued by Congress sup-
ply the place of the money, come in as substitutes
for it, and even public sales will bring no money
into the Treasury as long as the land warrants
exist.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a very great mistake,
and I need simply refer to the facts to show it.
Before the last two years we got from five to ten
million dollars from the public lands, and had ten
times as many land warrants as now. The facts
are against the Senator. Here stand the docu-
ments. The documents are against him. We
commenced this infamous system, in my judg-
ment, of throwing away the public lands in 1849;
warrants were issued to the amount of seventy-
eight million acres, and all of them have been
absorbed but ten million; and yet, during that
time the revenue from lands went as high as ten
or twelve million, some years.
Mr. SHIELDS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to say a word ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. SHIELDS. I do not wish to interrupt his
remarks, but I merely want to defend the Depart-
ment. I know the honorable Senator does" not
mean to make an attack on the Department, and
I am delighted to see that he is exposing these
things independent of individual men. I am glad
to find one Senator bold enough to rise here and
put aside favoritism. But, sir, on this single
point I now venture this prediction, that if the
Secretary of the Interior and the President bring
all the public lands of the United States into mar-
ket and sell them to speculators, they would not
bring §200,000 into the Treasury for two years.
Mr. TOOMBS. I think the honorable Senator
is very greatly mistaken. That is not the idea
of the Government, because in the estimates of
1860, with all the land warrants out, they estimate
§5,000,000 as the land receipts. We nave seen
the operation of these land warrants for ten years.
The reason why the lands have been kept back
