1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
277
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
mind, and the midnight toil with which we weave
that web which the next breeze may bear away
forever? Empty must seem the struggle to blow
the little bubbles which the next wave of the tide
of time will bear to oblivion. The Senator from
Illinois has well described how his exposure in
the camp and his toil in the council hastened his
death. In this earnest and excited labor he is
but another instance of the many which surround
us, how far ambition, even leading to misplaced
exertions, robs youth of its spring time, and has-
tens us on prematurely to the languid step, the
hollow cheek, the dimmed eye, which wintry age
alone should bring. Around us, Senators, are
strewn the wrecks which such an encounter with
the storms of life has daily made. Around us
they stand as monitors to the living; and though
silently yet forcibly do they appeal for that tribute
which is due to the dead who died by the public
service, and claim the offering which patriotism i
brings when it approaches the altar where man '
has sacrificed himself to his country.
The deceased, both in peace and war, showed
that he realized that obligation of the citizen of a
Republic which denies that he shall consider
himself as living for his family only. True to his
friends in private life; true to his country in offi-
cial position; true to himself;may we not venture
to hope that he has gone to his God to receive the
reward which justice gives to truth and manly
virtue? Studious and conscientious, he was re-
markable for the accuracy of his knowledge, and
this gave him especial value in council. Long
will he be remembered by those who went to him
as a sort of walking lexicon of current events,
and often must he be missed by them when they
require his aid in consultation. Others may look
upon his career as fulfilling the measure of his !
mission; but his personal friends must still de- ;
plore his early loss; their sorrow can find no heal- j
ing balm. The winter of life has no returning \
spring; the flowers wither and fade, never to
bloom again. The muffled drum has beaten the
last march of the soldier; the lamp of the states-
man is extinguished forever. It but remains,
then, for the tear of affection to water his grave;
for the prayer of patriotism to follow the spirit
of the departed, and give that which patriotism
claims for the man who lived for his country and
died as became its citizen.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
SPEECH OF HON. JEFF. DAVIS,
OP MISSISSIPPI,
In the Senate, January 20, 1859.
[revised by himself.*]
Mr. DAVIS. I nowask the Senate to consider
the proposition which was some time since sub-
mitted by me. It is to strike out all after the
enacting- clause of the bill, and insert a substitute.
The substitute is as follows:
That the President of the United States hp, and is here-
by, authorized and directed to advertise for proposals to
establish railway communication across the territory or the
United State?, and thus to connect the States of the Atlan-
tic and the Pacific, and to contract lor the transportation,
upon said railioad, of the United States mails, troops, sea-
men, munitions of war, supplies for the Arin>, and Navy,
and all other Government seivice.
Sec. 2. And be it further cnaeted, That the party con-
tracting to established said railway communication shall lie
required to construct the railioad in a substantial and work-
manlike manner, equal in all respects to laiiroads of the
first class, with all the necessary diams, culverts, bridges,
viaducis, crosMiigs, turnouts, stations, and watering places,
and all other appurtenances, including the equipment and
rolling stock. And the said railroad, with alius appurte-
nances and equipment, shall be finished and put into com-
plete operation within the period of ten yeais irom the ex-
ecution of the contiact.
Sec.3. And be it further enacted, That, to aid in the con-
struction of said load, there shall be, and is hereby, appio-
priated and set apart the alternate sections of public land,
for the spacc of six miles on each side of said road, to be
held and conveyed as herein provided. Thealternate sec-
tions hereby appropriated shall be those designated 111 the
public surveys by odd numbers; and the contracting paity
receiving lands under the provisions of this act shall be
required to sell, and unconditionally convey, one half of the
same within five years from and after the issuing of the
patents for the same, and the remaining half within ten
years from the issuing of the patents; and ali said lands not
so alienated shall revei t to and become the property ut the
United States.
* For the original report, see Cong. Globe, page 477.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the party with
whom the contract,aforesaid may be made shall proceed
without delay to locate the general route of said road, and
furnish a detailed survey and map thereof to the President,
who shall cause thep bhc lands, to the extentof forty miles
on each side of the said road, to be surveyed, and the Indian
title thereto to be extinguished as soon as practicable; and
tile provisions of the act of September, 1841, granting pre-
emption rights, and the acts amendatory thereof, shall be,
and the same are hereby, extended to the lands thus sur-
veyed, excepting those herein set apart and appropriated for
the use of the said road.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That, in making said
contract, it shall be stipulated that the said road be divided
into sections of twenty-five miles each, and that«none of
said lands are to be conveyed to the contracting party until
one section is completed and put into successful operation,
when the President shall convey by patent to the contiact-
ing party three fourths of the Jand pertaining to the section
so completed, retaining the other fourth as secunty for the
complet.on of the next section of twenty-five miles; and
when the next is completed, the President shall, in like
manner, convey to the contracting party three fourths of the
land pertaining to that section, together with the reserved
one fourth on the previous section ; and so on with each
succeeding section, conveying three fourths and retaining
one fouith assecunty for the completion of the next, until
the last section of the road is finished and put into opera-
tion, when the President shall convoy to the contracting
party the residue of the lands hereby appropnated.
Sec. 6. Am! be it further cnacted, That the land of the
United State?, for two hundred feet in width, along the en-
tire line of wild road, is hereby set apart ami dedicated for
railroad and such other purposes, not incompatible with
this grant, as Congress may authorize and direct; and the
party contracting for said road may take any earth, stone,
umber, oi other necessary materials, ior construction and
keeping in repair of the road, within the said two hundred
feet, subject to &uch legulauons as Congress may provide.
Sec. 7. And he it further enacted, That the contracting
party for, or owners of, said road may at any tune consuuct
one or more additional tracks, within the two hundred feet
set apait for the right of way; and it .-hall be the duty of
said contracting patty, or owners of said road, to permit any
other lailroad, which shall he authonzed to he built by the
Legislature of any Terntory or State, in which tiie same
may he situated, to form connections with it on fair and
equal terms.
Sec. £. And be it further enacted, That the Piesident he,
and is hereby, authorized to enter into cmitiacts (or the
transportation, under the duecuon of the proper Depait-
mcnts, on the said road, when completed, and for any avail-
able part thereof, while said road is in course of construc-
tion, for the period of twenty years, of the United States
mails, and all military and naval supplies, troops, seamen,
passengers, and freights of all kinds, for Government pur-
poses, with the limitation that the price to be paid shall not
exceed that which the Government would necessarily pay
by any existing means of transportation, nor in the lime of
war be higher than the rates stipulated for m timeoi peace.
1; Sec.9. And be it farther enacted, That many ease where
ji the passengers and'fieight shall be greater than the trans-
i porting capacity of the road, the Government shall have
1 priority of right foi all purposes of transportation.
I Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That, for and in con-
< sideration of the advantages thus to be secured to the Uni-
I ted States in the use of said road, and further to aid in the
1 construction of &aid road, $10,000,000 arc hcicby appropri-
! ated, to be advanced upon the following conditions and
[ provisions, to wit: As a guarantee of the faithful perform-
' ance of the conti act hereinbefore described, the contracting
party shall deposit with the Secretary of the Ticasury the
sum of $500,000, m bonds or certificates of stock of the Uni-
ted States, which may be subsequently withdrawn, in sums
of $10,000, as the work piogresses, on production of vouch-
ers showing to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, that an amount equal thereto has been expended
in the eoijhiruetion ofsuid road. When one twentieth part
of the line of *aid road, located as heretofore described, is
i completed and put in successful opeiation, the President
shall cause to be advanced to the contracting party one
twentieth part, Icps ten per centum, of the whole sum of
money herein appropnated. And, in like manner, when
each succeeding action of equal extent is completed and
put in successful operation, an equal amount shall be ad-
vanced to the conti acting party, until the whole road is
completed, when the ten per centum reserved f-hall he ad-
vanced to the contracting party, as hereinbefore provided.
Sec. 11. And he it further enattc-l, That until the sum
, of money thu< advanced to aid in the construction of the
road shall have been icpaid to the United States, no divi-
dends shall be declared to the stockholders of said road, nor
other sum be letamed by the commoting party than that
which may be ncce*saiy for the maintenance and success-
ful operation of the road.
Sec. 12. And. be it further enacted, That until the said
contacting partv or owners shall have fully reimbursed the
United States for the advance of money herein authorized
to be made, they shall keep books in which shall be entered
regular statements of ail disbursements-, expenditures, and
receipt*, setting forth specifically the objects of said expend-
ltuies. and the sources whence said receipts are denved,
together with a particular account of all accidents that may
occur affecting property or persons, or causing delays upon
the road; which books shall be open at all times to the in-
spection of the Pies-ident of the United States, or any per-
son authored bv him to examine the same, and to the
members of each*House of Congress; and the contracting
party or owners shall make a report theieof annually to the
President of the United States, on the istday of October in
each year, accompanied by a minute and detailed exhibit
of expenditures and profits of sa'd road for the year pieced-
ing, to he attested by the oaths of then secretary and treas-
ure! ; winch leport shall be transmuted to Congress at the
commencement of each session-
Skc. )'S And be it further enacted, That should «aid con-
tracting party neglect, refuse, or in any way fail, to prose-
cute the work undertaken by them in a manner to secure
the completion thereof in compliance with the contract,
then all rights of said contracting party to the said road,
right of way, lands, or other property pertaining thereto,
including such amount of the sums of money advanced, if
any, that may remain unexpended, shall be and become
forfeited, and the United States may enter upon and retain
the same. In the event of such forfeiture, to be determined
by the President of the United States, he shall proceed to
relet that portion of the road remaining uncompleted under
such forfeited contract, and provide for the disposition of
the work in such a manner as will secure the earliest com-
pletion of tne road in conformity with the provisions of this
act: Provided, That he &hull not stipulate, on the part of
'< the United States, for any higher or other terms than are
j authorized and provided for in this act.
f Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the proposals for
establishing the railroad communication, and performing
the service hereinbefore described, shall be opened by the
President of the United States after due notice, m the pres-
ence of the Cabinet and such persons as may choose to
attend ; and he is hereby authorized and directed to enter
into contracts for establishing the railroad communication,
and for the transportation provided for in this act with the
paity whose proposal shall be by him deemed most advan-
tageous to the United States, for the full and complete per-
formance of said contracts, in compliance with the provis-
ions of this act. All questions of damages and forfeitures
by reason of any breach of said contracts shall be determined
by the express terms and conditions of the same: Provided,
That thi* act shall be taken and considered as part of any
contract that may be made in accordance with its provisions,
m like manner as if the same was set foith m said contract.
Mr. SEWARD. Will the honorable Senator
from Mississippi be good enough to state the
general effect of his amendment?
Mr. DAVIS. The general effect of the amend-
ment will be to appropriate $10,000,000 and ten
sections per mile of laud, to construct a railroad
across the territory lying between the States of
the Atlantic and the Pacific, leaving parties who
propose to construct the road to name whatever
location they please, and submit their proposals
to the President. The other conditions, as to
transportation, are like those of the bill. In rela-
tion to the receipts of the road, however, there is
this difference: that, instead of requiring the pro-
ceeds of the road to be paid into the Treasury to
remunerate the Government forits advances, this
requires only the net proceeds to be paid in, so
as to prevent the hazaid of the failure of the com-
pany for the want of incomcto meet current ex-
penses; and, to secure the Government from hav-
ing the road forfeited and thrown upon its hands.
The $10,000,000 in this case, the sum proposed
in the bill as amended, is to be refunded to the
Government by the net proceeds to be paid into
the Treasury, and in the form of advantages se-
cured for the transportation of the Government.
There are two other differences between the
two propositions; the substitute enters not the
limits ofaState. Itdoesnotassumetogiveauthor-
ity to any company, or to create any company,
for the construction of a road within the limits
of a State. It has no termini indicated; leaving
it to free inquiry as to where a road, with a given
sum of money, can be built, that given sum hav-
ing been determined by the belief 1 entertain that
it would build a road at one point across the ter-
ritory. I leave others to determine whether it
would build it elsewheie.
Being satisfied that there is one line on which a
road could be built with this grant, I say it is not
proper to give one dollar more. "We are here as
agents; agents of the people to whom this money
belongs. Is there a Senator who would add to
the amount for which he could have a work per-
formed, in order that he might induce some one
to perform it elsewhere than the particular place
which was found to be the most practicable and
economical? It is to be remembered that we have
no right to be liberal; we have no right to appro-
priate money for the benefit either of individuals
or of sections. We are restricted to the appro-
priation of money to answer the ends of the Gov-
ernment;and if agivensum will attain the service
which the Government requires, we are in hon-
esty bound not to appropriate more.
Now let us see how the $10,000,000, the sum
limited, is to be advanced. Only upon the exe-
cution of a certain part of the work; then it is to
be advanced pro rata, retaining ten per cent, as
security for the further prosecution of the work;
and this on the line to which I have particularly
directed my examination, has the additional as-
surance that every mile which is built increases
the necessity for building the remainder; it is
l made the interest of the contractor to go on, not
