900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
another because of great regard for him. The
people have been absorbed so much by great sec-
tio'nal.issues, that the real culprits who have come
here and enlarged unnecessarily the public ser-
vice, or have failed to reduce the expenditures,
have escaped in the mightier issues of sectional
strife which many of them raised and seek to
perpetuate, in order to conceal their own iniqui-
ties. There is no individual responsibility here.
The vote is not looked to We have passed that
point.
Sir, what is the principle of opr Army and
Navy ? Latterly, some strange errors have crept
in. From the beginning of the Government, up
to within the last ten years, we did not pretend to
keep up an army that should be able to compete
with England, or with Prance, or with Austria,
or with Russia. That was not our system; not
because we were not able to do it, but because we
did not think it wise. Our Constitution teaches
us to rely on our militia, on freemen to main-
tain the rights of freemen, and I think it is the
safest reliance; and, therefore, I have said I want
no soldiers except for the purposes of keeping
down the aggressions of the savages on our fron-
tier settlements. I want no soldiers to make
New York or Georgia obey-the laws. If the
smallest, or the meanest, State in the Union
chooses to resist the laws", we cannot afford to
crush her. If she is faithless to her high duty,
we must tolerate her; that is all. I would keep no
soldiers to put her down; not one. None are kept
throughout this broad Republic for such a pur-
pose, and I trust there never will be. That being
the policy,we do not want to keep up large armies,
as they do in England and on the continent of
Europe, in order to preserve the balance of power;
one nation being jealous of the others. We do
not keep up a race with England, or with Fiance,
or even with Biazil, in regard to a navy. I know
thut men sometimes point us to the navy of Eng-
land and of France. Well, if you were to come
to real strength, you would find yourself greatly
mistaken in your idea about it. Before the last
Russian war, England generally kept an army of
one hundred and sixty thousand men. That was
her peace establishment. She used a largo num-
ber of them to keep down the Irish. She has
been at war, for the last six years, with one half
the human race, and has sustained an army of
between two and three hundred thousand men.
She has been at war with India; at war with China;
at war with Russia; at war at the Capes. She
has been at war with every feeble Power on the
face of tkeeaith; taking something over in the
East Indies that suited her for acoal station, and
so on. Being in a state of hostility or open war
with half the human race, she needs armies. Wo
follow no such practice. JjVhen we acquire ter-
ritories, we are not afraid of their running away
from us; wo let them protect themselves. She has
to mainiain en atmy of thousands to keep her re-
luctant subjects in India, who arc groaning under
the tyranny and oppression of fifty years, and
have the sympathy of every true man in the effort
to break the bond. Her first war with the Chi-
nese, 1 believe, was to make them take opium.
Well, take her navy. She has five hundred and
seventy-six ships in commission; she is assailable
atevery point of the civilized world. There is not
acontini>ntoftheearth;there is notan island ofthe
sea; there is net a barren rock which she holds ail
over the world, that is not held by injustice, and
that the true ownei s would not wrench from her the
moment they could displace the ilagofSt. George
from their turrets. Do you suppose Spam would
not take Gibraltar if she could ? Do you suppose
Persia would not take Aden if she could ? Do you
suppose the lush do not want to be free ? Do you
suppose her operations in the West Indies would
be submitted to, but for her power? Do you sup-
pose she would be allowed to turn all the black
people there loose into a state of savage barbarism,
but for her power? The English are of the same
race as ourselves; but they would not have been
allowed to turn those blacks loose, bat for then-
power. The woild is England's enemy, and she
must keep Lroops. If she dees not give up her
bad practices, I* am inclined to think the world
will finally settle with her. I am ready for that
contest, and hope to live to see it. I do not want
to postpone it until after my time. She wants her
army and navy to defend her vast possession-
We stand on different principles of empire. We
stand on the consent of the governed. We stand
on the principle that every man who acknowl-
edges our independence and owes allegiance to
our Government does it because he prefers it to
all others; and if he does not, I will never pay a
shilling to a soldier on the face of the earth to
enforce obedience.
Therefore, sir, I want no armies to keep peace
at home, or to keep power abroad; to keep wrong-
ful possessions extorted from a reluctant people.
We only want ships enough to keep pirates off
our commerce, and soldiers enough to keep down
the Indians; and we have twice as many as are
necessary for that purpose, as the history of the
country shows for thirty years. For the five
years alluded to in Mr. Guthrie's report, to which
I have already called attention, the expenses of
the military service did not amount to more than
twelve million dollars. It was not until 1852-53
that the expenses of the army ever got to two
figures in millions in time, of peace. Never,
before 1850-51, in time of peace, did they reach
$10,000,000. When I came into Congress, the
army expenses ranged from five million two hun-
dred thousand to five million seven hundred thou-
sand dollars. During the Mexican war, of course,
they increased, and after that they were, one
year, $9,000,000, another $8,000,000, another
$9,000,000, and nevermore than $10,000,000 un-
til 1852-53. During those years we had all the
Indians and all the Mexicans we now have. Our
territory then was more sparsely settled than it
is now. We had not five hundred thousand peo-
ple in California; we had not one hundred thou-
sand or one hundred and fifty thousand in Oregon
and Washington; but we had to defend the peo-
ple oil the Pacific, in a few straggling settle-
ments, wilh troops, and then the Army cost ua
$9,000,000. Now it costs $18,000,000, without
counting the Mormon war. That was asidejob,
which hud its eight or ten million to itself. It
now cosis $18,000,000 a year for the maintenance
of your Army; within a few millions of what it
averaged during the last war with Great Britain.
The expenditures for the Army, during that war,
averaged about thirty million dollars, and you
had four hundred and fifty thousand soldiers in
the field. During the Mexican war, the whole
expenses of the Government did not, in a year,
exceed $60,000,000; and yet, you called out sev-
enty-five thousand men, and gave them mag-
nificent pensions and bounties of public lanas;
and they'went with alacrity, they acted with
most distinguished courage, and they shed luster
on the name of their country. No soldiers ever
fought bettter in any mere war of invasion, and
none were entitled to higher consideration from
the country. Then you carried on the Govern-
ment for $00,000,000, and afterwards, in time of
peace, you brought it down to $48,000,000. Dur-
ing Mr. Fillmore's administration, the Army ex-
penditures varied from eight to lime million dol-
lars, and wo had the same extent of country we
have now.
It is true, you have since raised the compensa-
tion of the officei s of the Army; but compensation
is generally the least of the expenses of this De-
partment. You no\ir spend upon the quarter-
master's department $7,000,000—more than the
whole Army cost not many years ago. Inasmuch
as the present war officer has can ied up the Army
to the war footing, to the last man that he is au-
thorized to call for, you ought to take the power
out of his hands, and put the Army on the peace
establishment. Your peace establishment is eleven
or twelve thousand soldiers, but you authorize
your Secretary of War, if it is necessary, to carry
each company fiom sevemy-four to ninety-six
men, and he has done it without any war. There
is a case where you gave discretion, and it is car-
ried to its utmost bounds; and what is the conse-
quence ? Four or five million of increased ex-
pendituie. The moment you trust to discretion
you get an abuse.
Then wo come to the Navy: we have had no
increase in the number of the men, and but little
increase in ships, and all that have been built for
the last six or eight yeais have been built by,
special appropriations. The new frigates and the
new sloops were built by special appropriations.
Your appropriations for navy-yards have gone to
the building of houses for officers, and making
flower pots, and all that kind of thing, at a cost
of $2,000,000; and it will be no less us long as
you will pay it, but it will go up to $4,000,000,
if you do not stop it. There are $2,000,000 that
you have no need for at all. You have eight
thousand sailors to man your Navy. You have
not increased them of late years, and you have
eight thousand men in your navy-yards to help
them—civilians, you have carried the number
up from three thousand to eight thousand. There
is discretion. You have eight navy-yards; Eng-
land has over five hundred and fifty ships, and
she has two navy-yards. You have eight, con-
veniently located, all about through the coun-
try, and it is a cause of reproach to good Demi
crats, for the enemy say we keep people there to
cheat them in elections; and, as God is my judge,
I am afraid there is something in it. I would put
the sting of disability to the temptation. That is
the proper remedy. You have no need for any
such expenditures.
This money does not go to build a ship, or re-
pair a ship. The $2,000,000 which you spend in
navy-yards, does not drive one nail into a public
vessel; does not give Jack an additional ration of
grog. You have carried your naval expenses in
ten years from five or six million dollars to thir-
teen million dollars, with no more efficiency, no
more ships. The three or four million dollars
which you spend ostensibly for the gradual in-
crease of the Navy, does not build you a ship;
for whenever you want a new one, ycfu come here
for an appropiiation. If you want a little bit of
a sloop at a cost of $80,000, there is a special rec-
ommendation for it. The President recommends
it; the Secretary of the Navy lecommends it; and
my friend who now occupies the chair [Mr. Mal-
lory] is urgent about it. Notwithstanding the ten
or twelve million dollars wTe give for the Navy,
we are asked to vote six or seven hundred thou-
sand dollars for ten sloops next year. 1 think this
money is badly spent, even if spent for politics.
I think I could use it with a great deal better ad-
vantage than they do. If it is to be appropriated
to that business, it ought to bring more result.
We pay too much money for what we get; and I
should oppose it on the ground that it was a bad
expenditure even in that view.
I recollect, Mr. President, that you and I had
some controversy the last session in regard to
naval matters. I stated that the French navy
proper, cost 120,000,000 francs. You asked for my
authority, and stated it to be a much larger sum.
1 have now got the official account, which I will
take great pleasure in showing you, on some oc-
casion, which proves that 1 was exactly right.
That is all the French navy costs, with their four
or five hundred ships. She expends $24,000,000
on her Navy, and we spend $13,000,000. We
are threatened by gentlemen with her four or five
hundred steamers; and we are ridiculed for our
ten or twelve. Take the English navy, and the
same result is apparent. One gun, floated by the
American Navy, costs live times what a gun is
floated for by Great Britain, or France. We can-
not stand that. Squandering our means in peace
is not the way to prepare for war. The true pol-
icy of preparing for war is to strengthen the na-
tion, to husband its resources, make your people
rich and prosperous, and then they can protect
themselves. It is not by useless armaments squall-
deling the public money.
Mi\ MALLORY, (having left the chair.) Will
the Senator from Georgia allow me to interrupt
him for a moment?
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. I do not wish to interfere
with the course of the Senator's remarks; but,
perhaps, it would be as agreeable to lum to cor-
rect, as he goes on, any error that he may fall
into m relation to these matters.
Mr. TOOMBS Certainly.
Mr. MALLORY. I think the Senator stated
just now that we had eight navy-yards and Great
Britain had but two. Sir, the fact is that Great
Britain has seven building yards and construct-
ing yards in her own immediate dominions, each
of which is probably five times more extensive
than the largest one of ours. That is a very
important matter. Then, in relation to the ex-
penditures of the French navy, the pay is about
one fifth of ours; and the pay of their mechanics
perhaps less than one fifth; and in the British
navy the pay of the men is fifty per cent, less
than with us; and so, throughout ail of her me-
chanical operations, the pay is about one third of
