904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Will the Senator inform me whether he has their
authority?
Mr. SLIDELL. I have not.
Mr. HUNTER. Then I prefer to take up the
appropriation bill; and I will try the question of
order with him when he offers his amendment.
Mr. SLIDELL. That may be a subject com-
ing up for discussion before the Committee on
Foreign Relations. When the question is pre-
sented to that committee, and they find that there
is no chance of having the measure broughtbefore
the Senate for consideration, without the action of
the committee, I shall endeavor to obtain that ac-
tion. I have made no such attempt, as yet.
Mr. HUNTER. I make this suggestion to
the Senator from Louisiana, by which 1 am will-
ing to abide; that when the discussion on this
resolution is done, which I suppose will not be
very long, in view of the short period which re-
mains of the session, then let us take up his bill,
and occupy the morning with it until, say two,
or half past two o 'clock, and give me the evening
for the appropriation bills. I told him that, if I
he would agree to that, I would endeavor to call
up the appropriation bill now, and work on it
until the Senate adjourns; and that when his bill
got up I would do the same thing-, wait until two
o'clock, or half past two o'clock each day, giv-
ing a chance to debate it, and then call up the ap-
propriation bills. That is all I can say.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the resolution un-
der consideration until to-morrow atone o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ACQUISITION OF CUBA.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The appropri-
ation bill, I believe, is the unfinished business.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not understand that the
appropriation bill is the unfinished business.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg pardon of the Chair.
It is not the unfinished business. It has not been
taken up.
Mr. HUNTER. It was taken up yesterday,
and we went into executive session. If not, I
move to take it up.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 was under the impression
that, if not technically in order, at least, by the
ordinary courtesies of the Senate, I had the floor
for the purpose of making my motion.
Mr. HUNTER. Very well. I yield.
Mr. SLIDELL. I move to postpone all prior
orders, and proceed to the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 497) making appropriations to facilitate
the acquisition of the Island of Cuba.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to understand
whether the Senator means, after it is taken up,
to occupy only the mornings, as 1 have suggested,
and give the evenings for the appropriation bills?
My vote will be governed by that. My vote will
be given to take itup with the understanding that
it shall only occupy the morning until two or half
past two o'clock, atgA give me the evening for the
appropriation bills.
Mr. SLIDELL. I will, with the understand-
ing that if any gentleman is prepared to speak on
the subject this afternoon, he may go on. I have
nothing to say myself at present.
Mr. SEWARD. I beg leave to say that the
two honorable Senators seem very fairly to make
a bargain to which, I think, they will find it im-
possible to get the consent of the Senate. If the
Cuba bill is to come up, it is to have a fair chance
on both sides; and itwill not be the debate of an
hour in the morning for one morning, or two or
three, but it has got to be discussed from begin-
ning to end, through and through, up and down,
come whenever it will, if those who oppose the
bill are not silenced by some superior power. I
certainly shall not be prepared to agree that a
speech may be made in favor of it on one side,
and then no more to be said before deciding it.
Mr. SLIDELL. After the very emphatic no-
tice of the Senator from New York, I think the
friends of this bill have but one course to pursue;
and that is, topress its immediate consideration.
I therefore ~,ake the motion.
Mr. HALE. I do not know, sir, hnw anybody
else on this side of the Chamber will vote; 1 do
not know how the friends with whom I have acted
will vote; but 1 shall go with the Senator from
Louisiana; and I shall"go for taking the bill up,
whether it takes little time or long. I know that,
in the section of country from which 1 come, and
amongst my own immediate constituents, there
is an impression prevailing with the people that
this measure, which I look upon as monstrous, is
dressed in such a shape, and put to the people
under such motives, that it is considered here not
safe or prudent, from political considerations, to
oppose it. Sir, I am opposed to it—utterly op-
posed to it; and I propose, not in a long speech,
but a brief one, to address myself to the question,
when it does come up; and I want it to come. I
am not for skulking this question—and I use that
word in no offensive sense, because I do not sup-
pose that anybody is; but I, for one, am not for
skulking from any responsibility in regard to this
question, or any other.
Sir, the people whom I represent are opposed
to this measure, utterly opposed to it; but whilst
they are opposed to it, they are not opposed to it
because they are opposed to all acquisitions of
territory. I do not take that ground. I propose,
when a fit occasion comes, to show to you—it
seems to me rather absurd to have to talk geog-
raphy here, and I may be excused if I refer to a
geographical fact—I propose to show to the coun-
try and to the Senate this geographical fact: that
if there are any considerations relating to the de-
fense of the country; if there are any considera-
tions of a military character, which require the
occupation of Cuba, there are the same consider-
ations, multiplied a hundred degrees, that require
the annexation of another country than Cuba. I
propose to point you to the atlas, and show a great
river entering the North American continent, and
running back, connecting with the great lakes,
opening the whole continent to the easy approach
of the most gigantic Power of the earth. I pro-
pose to show you, sir, that by reannexing the
provinces of Canada to this country, and building
a single fortification below Q.uebec, on the St.
Lawrence river, which can be very easily ^done,
wo shall dispense forever hereafter with any naval
armament upon any of our great lakes."And, sir,
give us these $30,000,000 that you know you can-
not do anything^ with in the way of annexing
Cuba; give us tha't, and I will furnish you respons-
ible contractors in ninety days to annex Canada,
and hold it until you give it away by negotiation
afterwards. [Laughter.]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am exceedingly glad to
hear from the honorable Senator from Maine
that he is going to assist in getting this bill up for
debate.
Mr. HALE. I live in New Hampshire, four
miles from the line of Maine; that is all.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I am exceedingly glad that
we are going to have a 'discussion on this bill;
and I shall be very glad to meet the Senator in
his discussion about annexation, either North"or
South. I do hold, sir, that this whole question
of the foreign relations of the country, at the pres-
ent moment, is the most interesting, the most
important, that can be brought to the consideration
of the Senate and the country; and I trust that
there may be some opportunity for a full and free
debate on it. I am anxious to give the Senator
from New York [Mr. Seward]' every opportu-
nity of discussing it, top and bottom, inside and
out, as he says; and 1 think that, when it is
brought to the country in its true colors, when
all the considerations applicable to it are brought
before the country, so that the people can prop-
erly understand them, they will make then a wise
and judicious selection between the gentleman's
proposition for contracting to take Canada for
|30,000,000, within ninety days, and that for ac-
quiring the Island of Cuba, which I believe to be
perfectly now within our power.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I shall listen
with great interest, and doubtless instruction, td \
the debate which is promised us on the part of !
those who think the immediate acquisition of!
Cuba so important to the country, and 1 shall I
throw no obstruction in its way; but I submit to
the honorable Senator who has charge of this bill,
and to others who think with him of the import-
ance of the immediate acquisition of Cuba, to aid
me in removing one little obstruction out of the
way, which, small as it may be, yet may be found
one of some importance when they come to ne-
gotiate about Cuba. I mean the Amistad bill—
that claim which Spain has had upon the honor
of this country for nearly twenty years; and I
would ask those gentlemen to permit me on Fri-
day, which is private bill day, to call up the bill
at half past twelve o'clock, for the purpose of
doing justice to ourselves, and doing justice to
Spain, and get that out of the way.
I am the more induced to do it, because I am
aware that an honorable Senator from the State of
Connecticut [Mr. Dixon] has examined the sub-
ject with some care in the view which he and his
friends take of it, and it would be very desirable, as
a matter of convenience to him, that he should be
heard. The hill has got off the Private Calendar
because it was made a special order. I will say
to the' Senate that I will not debate it if the Sen-
ate will take a vote on it. I will hear that Sen-
ator with great pleasure. I have no doubt he
will do justice to the side on which he stands; but
I shall trust to the report which has been made
from the Committee on Foreign Relations, in ad-
vocacy of the claim. I hope then, by general
consent, we shall be permitted to take it up at
half past twelve o'clock on Friday.
Mr. SEWARD. I must be allowed to say a
word on that proposition, sir. If it were true
that the disposition of the Amistad case would
facilitate the present passage of the bill which has
been introduced here by the Committee on For-
eign Relations to put §30,000,000 at the disposi-
tion of the President of the United States, that
would only be to add an additional reasoning to
the many which I have, why I should be opposed
to the passage of the Amistad bill. It is with
reluctance that I object to taking it up, and more
especially, since my honorable friend from Con-
necticut is expected to be favored with an oppor-
tunity of speaking upon the subject. Still I think
it the most atrocious act of legislation which the
Senate could possibly adopt; and I therefore am
bound, when it shall come up, to attempt to ex-
pose it on behalf of the minority of the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations, who have protested
against it from the first until now, and expect to
meet it at all times, and on all occasions.
At this stage of the session, with only twenty-
three or twenty-four days before us; with the
great question how we are to raise the revenue,
or to make the revenue of the next year meet the
expenditures of the year, entirely undetermined,
with no majority in either House, and with no
Administration to guide us through that difficulty,
I confess what seems to me the paramount duty
of Congress is to confine its attention chiefly to
that great subject until we shall be prepared both
to retrench the expenditures of the Government,
and to provide revenue so as to arrest the expend-
itures of the public money. We are to-day put-
ting up two hundred columns in front of the
Treasury building, at a cost of $3,000 a piece, to
ornament the public buildings of the national cap-
ital, saying nothing about what we are doing
here in the improvement and enlargement of the
Capitol and the water-works; and to-day we are
paying five per cent upon every $>2,000, the cost
of every column of that work. I think that in-
stead of contriving how we can in the easiest
way borrow $30,000,000 to put in the hands of
the President, we had better begin to see how to
arrest expenditure and to bring the revenues of
the Government up to the standard of our ex-
penses, and at the same time do something to-
wards reviving the stagriantindustry of the coun-
try.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing all prior orders and proceeding
to the consideration of the bill designated by the
Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I feel disposed to say a
word, sir, on the subject of taking up this bill. I
trust that it will not be taken up, although it
seems that my honorable friend from New Hamp-
shire having prepared himself to contest it, is tn
favor of having it come up at the earliest moment.
I see no object in bringing it up at all, exccpt to
enable gentlemen to make speeches on it to go
before the country. I would suggest to my friend
from Louisiana [Mr. Benjamin] that although
this matter is to be discussed for the benefit of
the country; that is to say, for the benefit of the
elections that may be approaching; there are but
three weeks left of this session, and gentlemen
talk of bringing up measures which they know
very well cannot get into the shape of legislation
at tins period, when we have question after ques-
tion of ordinary business, quite as much as we
can attend to, crowded upon us at the very heel
of the session.
