282
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 20,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
across the continent, will give to the road some
probability of making a fair return to those who
construct it; but these inducements will scarcely
lead to its construction without aid, and it is be-
cause of this, together with the necessity of the
Government, and therefore only, that I have ever
been willing to give one dollar toward the con-
struction of a railroad to the Pacific.
I now proceed to consider some of the peculiar-
ities of the different routes proposed for the road;
and to present some of the authorities which jus-
tify the conclusion heretofore announced by me,
when Secretary of War. Foreseeing how much
I should be embarrassed in this discussion by the
labor of speaking, I have prepared some notes
upon these lines with a view to their comparison.
I will first present some views in relation to the
route near the forty-ninth parallel, being extracts
from the office examinations, from the report of
Captain McClellan, of Governor Stevens, of geol-
ogist Gibbs, and of Lieutenant Abbot. Some of
these have been made since the report sent to
Congress by myself; but instead of shaking my
confidence in the conclusions which I then reachcd,
they have served to confirm it. Difficulties which
I supposed not to he insurmountable, have, by
subsequent examinations, proved to be so. For
instance, in that report it appeared, that, after
reaching the Columbia river, the descent along the
plain of that river would be easy. Recently a
gentleman connected with the missions established
on the Columbia river, in conversing with me in
relation to that country, informed me that, instead
of the mountains slopinggently down to the river,
so as to favor the construction of a railroad near
the Dalles and Cascades, they rise precipitously,
forming channels which seem to have been the re-
sult of volcanic action. The river tears by these
rocky cliffs, that almost overhang it, with such
velocity as to render the navigation exceedingly
dangerous, and, at some places, impossible. The
mountains are composed of basalt that is hard to
cut, but which crumbles rapidly by exposure to
the air, so as to be liable to slide and block the
road. I derive the same information from other
sources. It appears that the settlers have not
been able to get a wagon road down the river bank
from the Dalles to Fort Vancouver; but that they
are compelled to use a very bad pack trail, which
winds along the faces of precipices, on ledges so
narrow, that animals are sometimes precipitated
to the bottom and killed. An appropriation made
by Congress to make a wagon road from Fort
Vancouver to Fort Dalles, was expended upon a
short portage at the Cascade; the road proving
impracticable withoutenormous expense. There-
fore, I say, so far from finding the route less dif-
ficult, the difficulty has been magnified, and we
are thrown back to the consideration of whether
those passes where the snow accumulates twenty
feet deep, and which were declared to be imprac-
ticable on account of the length of the tunnels to
be cut, do not at last afford the only route by
which we can reach the Pacific on that parallelof
latitude.
I wish particularly, however, to call the atten-
tion of the Senate, on account of remarks which
have been made here, to the charactcr of the soil
in this region of the country. It will be remem-
bered that the geologist, Dr. Evans, had not
made his report at the time of sending in the pre-
liminary report m which my opinion was pre-
sented. It was then said in the Official Review:
"Previous geological examinations over portions as far
west as about longitude 101" or 102°, show that the uncuJ-
tivable legion begins in about the same longitude on this
route as m the latitude of the Atkansas.
"From the geological information respecting the region
between the meridian ot 101° and the Spokane Plain, im-
parted lecently by Dr. Evans, from the report of Mr. Gibbs
upon the section west of the Spokane, and altera close ex-
amination of the reports, the following general conclusions
have been arrived at rCf-peeting the soil of the region uav-
er^ed bv the northern route." * * "*• *
" The river bottoms, m part, (where the soils of the dif-
ferent strata become mixed,) and the valleys among ihe
mountains, form exceptions to this general condition of
stenlity. As, for instance, it is Lieutenant Donelson's
opinion, that upon the Missouri the soil is such that the set-
tlements might be continuous upon it-; banks up to the
mouth of The L'eau qui-court river, longitude 98°; fiom
that point to Poit Union,about one fourth could be settled.
* A hove Fort Union," Lieutenant Giover says, 'on the lower
portion of the river, (between Fort Benton and Fort Union,)
there ate many quite extensive bottoms, well adapted to
agricultural purpo&es. Thei e is a good deal of aiable land,
also, in the vicinity of Fort Benton, and in the Sun river
valley.' The proportion of cultivable bottom lands on this
section of the river is much less than one fourth."
It has been assumed that these valleys are all
arable, and they have been so treated generally.
This shows the fallacyofthat assumption. Then,
after crossing the Cascades:
" From the main cascade chain, the generally sterile soil
extends eastward, over the dry region, until the rain tliat
falls upon the Coeur d'Alene, Bitter Root, and other mount-
ains, begins to be felt; we then have grazing. The soil
improves in quality as the mountains aie appioached, the
valleys of which are represented as fertile, perhaps influ-
enced, in some degree, by the nature of the mountain de-
bris that have been washed upon them. The Columbia
river and us affluents, in their lower courses withm the
limits above mentioned, are stated to carry gravel and sand,
but no fertilizing matter."
All the valleys in this region, on which reliance
was placed, are sometimes overflowed by the
Columbia.
" Lieutenant Mullan says of the St. Mai'y's valley, which
has been considered as a kind of standard, ' the soil of the
valley of the Bitter Root (St. Mary's) is fertile and product-
ive, well timbered with pine and cotton-wood, but whose
chief characteristic and capability is that of giazing large
herds of cattle, and affording excellent mill sites along the
numerous mountain streams.'
" Dr. Suckley, referring to the Hell Gate, Bitter Root,
Clark, and Columbia rivers, and to the Dalles, says: ' there
are a few pieces of excellent land along these rivers. The
valley of Claik's Fork is heavily timbered with pme; there
is no grass.'
"Within the limits of Washington Territory, between
the Cascade and Rocky Mountains, there are seven thou-
sand three hundred and fitty mx Indians. Within the same
Terntory, west of the Cascades, the ateas being as three to
one about, there are six thousand nine hundred and three
Indians. This may give some indication as to the capa-
bilities of the soil for suppoiting animal life."
I will next read a general statement of the
amount of cultivable land from St. Paul to Seat-
tle:
" So that of the two thousand and twenty-five miles from
St. Paul to Seattle, on Puget Sound, we have only a space
of about five hundred and thirty five miles of fertile coun-
try; the remaining foutteen hundred and ninety miles be-
ing over uncultivable piairio soil, or mountain land, pro-
ducing only lumbei, with the limited exception of occa-
sional river-bottoms, mountain valleys, 01 praiue."
This is the region which we have been told, in
the course of this debate, is of such extreme fer-
tility that men could build a road through it from
the sale of the lands alone.
I wiH next give some extracts from the report
of Captain McClellan, who examined the west-
ern section of this route:
" The Yakima unites with the Columbia m a vast sage
desert, extending to the noitb and northeast, as far as the
eye can reach ; and the desolate, daik giay coiorof the sage
is unbroken by the verdure of grass or trees. The Columbia
is hcie about four hundred yaids in width, with sand and
gravel banks thirty feet in height; a placid current; here
and there a cluster of willow bushes boiders the stream,
usually de.-titute of vegetation. In the Yakima, at its mouth,
are three islands covered with good grass—all that is to be
found m the vicinity. Neither stone nor timber occuis m the
neighborhood. The valley of the Yakima soon becomes more
contracted by low hills, which gradually close upon it, and
soon increase in height as the stream is ascended. To the
commencementof the pme umbei, a distance of nearly one
hundred miles tiom the mouth, the aveiage width ot the
vailey is about six miles,occasionally leduced to fotiroi five
hundred yards by spurs closing m on both sides, and some-
tunes widening out to ten miles. Cotton-wood and willow
fiiuge the stream ; grass is generally confined to the water's
edge, but is not m sufficient quantity to adapt the vallev to
grazing purposes on a laige scale. In some of the small lat-
eral valleys good bunch giass isfound, as well as on the sum-
mits of the highest ridges of hills. But the winters are too
severe for cattle to thrive in the open air, the whole conn
try being covered with snow; and, in addition, the bunch
g-assa is of too scanty giovvth to be cut lor hay. Durmgthe
winter the Indians drive their hordes and caltlc to the most
sheltered spots, where they feed on wild sage and willow.
" As far up as Ketetas, the wild sage covers the valley
in all part-* a little back trorn the water.- Tlie general char-
acter of the soil is sandiness, or exceeding lightness, occa-
sionally gravelly, or covered with loose stones. It might,
m many places, answer well foi small grains, wiien coin-
pared with the greater part of the terntory. By leference to
the mass, it will he observed that Mr. Gibbs returned from
the mouth of the Yakima to Wenass by a trail to the north
of the river valley. From the point where he lett the Ya-
kima, his trail passes through a wide valley for some twen-
ty-four miles; this valley is somewhat undulating, and is
very bairen, being almost entnely destitute of grass, having
no timber; but one little pool of water, sixteen miles after
leaving the Yakima, and that brackish; it is covered vvitli
the usual growth of sage."
He goes on to describe the country on the past
side of the Cascade region, proves it to be a des-
sert, irreclaimably a desert; and so it continues,
according to all these reports, until you reach the ;
region where this great plain of sterility is cov-1
crcd by the debris from the mountains, washed
down upon little valleys, and where, by its ele-
vation, it begins to catch some of that moisture
which passes over from the Pacific ocean. There,
for the first time, a spot is reached which can be
cultivated without irrigation. The rest is a des-
ert. And here, in general connection, I may say
that this extends from the Cascade mountains east-
ward, up the elevations of the Rocky Mountains,
southward across the Snake river, and westward
over the valley of the Des Chutes, with here and
there a little spot where the washing of a mount-
ain has deposited some soil on the sterile surface
that lies beneath it, and where the moisture roll-
ing down m little streams, which serve to irrigate
such spots, will render it possible for agricultural
man to reside. Beyond that, it is a mere grazing
country; and whenever we meet these descrip-
tions of bunch grass and grama grass, rely upon
it, Senators, it is not a proof that the region is fit
for cultivation. On the contrary, it may be re-
marked that these grasses are the usual attendant
of that aridity of climate which forbids the hope
of successful agriculture. To show how utterly
hopeless it is to expect anything from this coun-
try, I will read a few lines more from Captain
McClelland report. He says:
" The Indians are harmless and peaeeable ; with the ex-
ception of the Yakimas, they are very poor. Their food con-
sists of salmon, berries, and potatoes. The entire absence
of game renders it difficult for them to obtain good cloth-
ing; duiing the whole trip I did not see a single deer, elk,
or bear; nothing larger than a wolf. Wolves, badgers,
squirrels, and a tew gray marmots, were the only quadru-
peds."
Next, sir, I come to the geological description
furnished by Governor Stevens, of part of this
desert region:
" From the range called the Snake river divide, the whole
character of the country is completely changed. Here the
geological foimation is basaltic and volcanic, principally.
None of the numerous streams and rivulets flowing fiom
the mountains, along the route we traveled, emptied into
the Snake river, but either sunk into the ground or formed
! small lakes in the broad valley of the Snake river. The
■ gi mind, in most places, is formed principally of sand; and
l where larae beds of basalt are not found, the ground is of a
I drv, ab-oibmg nature, through which the waier sinks, at
' times buistmg out again, it was somewhat singular, that
j foi sixty miles above Fort Hall, along the mam stream of
Snake river, we did not cross but one tributary, and that
coming in from the south, while none came in from the
north ; all of the streams, as before mentioned, either form-
ing lakes or sinking into the ground."
He goes on:
" It extends for many miles in length and breadth, form-
ing an immense ocean of prairie, whose sameness is only
broken by the 'Three Buttes' of the valley, which rise like
islands in the sea, in this broad and barren area. Its whole
character might be included in the word sterility."
This is Governor Stevens's own account. The
Senator could not find the desert there, but found
iton thelmeof the thirty-second parallel. Again,
Governor Stevens says:
"From the mountains bounding the Snake river valley
on the north to Fort Hall, a traveled distance of one hun-
dred and twelve miles, there is but one fei tile spot of ground
that could be converted to any useful purpose, and tins is
found at Cantonment Loring, five miles above Fort Hall."
Then again, under the head of " topography of
the route from the Missouri to the Columbia,"he
says:
" The great plain of the Columbia, or plateau of Spo-
kane, as it has been called, is bounded on the north by those
rivers ; on the west by the former, and on the south and east
by the Blue and Rocky Mountains; it is about two hundred
by one hundred and fifty miles m its greatest length and
bieadtb, and piesents such a curious .variety of smface, that
it has been alternately called a barren, sage plain, rocky
plateau, sterile waste, and sandy desert."
And he goes on to describe it, and shows that
it deserves either one of these appellations. Such
is the description of this land of rare fertility,
where a teeming population is to maintain the
road, according to the argument of the Senator
from Massachusetts; such the report of the men
who explored it, and who, perhaps as much, if
not more than those on any other line, -were in-
terested in giving it its most favorable complex-
ion. Whether in GovernorSt'-vens's subsequent
report, which I regret to say Congress has failed
to print, there is additional information expand-
ing the region of fertility, I do not know. It was
not sent in at the time these reports were fur-
j rushed to Congress. The report of the geologist,
1 Mr. Gibbs, I will refer to next. He says of the
