1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
283
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
region round Vancouver, which we have gener-
ally supposed to be the best in that section of
country:
"The country around Vancouver, and thence back to
the foot of the mountains, is gravelly and poor, except that
on some of the small streams there are narrow skirts of rich
black soil. The small prairies lying near the branches of
the Cathlapooti, are, however, exceptions. These appear
to have been formerly the beds of lakes, and retain, to some
extent, a wet and marshy character, the soil being clay.
Tiic Columbia bottom, below Vancouver, isofa fine sandy
loatn. Much of that, on the immediate banks of the river,
is subject to overflow durini? the freshets; a double misfor-
tune. as the deposits of the Columbia are not fertilizing,
and the temperature of the water destroys growing crops."
This is the opinion of geologist Gibbs, who is
good authority among men of learning. Speaking
of the country of the Spokanes, the same geol-
ogist says:
" That portion of the Cascade range which crones the
Columbia sinks into an elevated plateau, which extends as
far as the limit of vision to the eastward—this is the Spokane
plain. On it we could see no indication of water; not a
single tree, pxcept on the mountain spur; not one spot of
verdure. It was of a dead, yellowish hue, with laige clouds
of black blending into the general tinge. It appeared 10 be
a sage desert, with a scanty growth of dry bunch giass, and
frequent out-croppmgs ol basalt. Descending by a very
steep trail, we reached the valley of the Columbia on the
21st. Through a vallej, about a mile in bieadth, in which
not a tree is to be seen, and seldom even a bu&h, and which
is bordered by steep wails of trap, lava, and sandstone,
often arranged* in a succession of high plateaux oi steps, the
deep, blue water of the Columbia flows with a rapid, pow-
erful current; it is the only life-like object m this desert.
The character of the valley is much the same as far as Fort
Okmikane. It occasionally widens out slightly ; again it is
narrowed by the mountains pressing in Sometimes the
trail passes over the lowei bottom; at other places over
veiy elevated and extensive terraces; and in a tew places
over dangerous points of the mountains. At one ol the
latter, three miles above the En-te-at-kvvu, two ot oui mules
were instantaneously killed by falling over a precipice, and
two others seriously injured. The difficulty of the ti.ul at
this point may be imagined from the iact that we weie oc-
cupied from eleven o'clock, a. m., until dark, in passing
the train over a distance rather less than two miies.
" In this portion of the valley a few small groves of pine
are met with; but the general character is entne absence
of trees and bushes. In places only is the grass good ; but
we found no great difficulty in so regulating the marches
as to obtain enough foi the animals. The soil is so very
sandy that it is not probable it can ever be applied to any
useful purpose. Gianite, gneiss, and syenite occur in the
valley in large quantities and of excellent quality." ^
(( The countiy through which we passed to the east of
the Cascade range may be described as generally barren
and unlit for agriculture, and poor for grazing purposes.
There are two small tracts which aie exceptions to this
rule ; but I know of none which would be considered good
ir. our western States." A * * * * *
"The soil of these plain* is generally thin and sterile,
and covered with oxide of iron from the decomposed basalt;
but in the swale, along the maigin of the small streams, it
is a rich, black mold. Bunch grass grows plentifully upon
them, and they afford a good range for the hoises ol the In-
dian tribes to which they belong. It is, however, to be con-
sidered that 111 all the t>tock lariges of this country the scat-
tered growth of the wild gras&es renders necessary a large
comparative extent of country. These plains, except on
the northern skirts, are destitute of timber, and are swept
by high and piercing winds."
Perhaps I have read enough on this subject.
The Columbia river Pass is described here m the
same general terms employed by the gentlemen
heretofore referred to as comingtrom the mission
in that country. Here is, however, a more exact
description of it by Lieutenant Abbot:
" The Columbia river foi ces its way through the Cascade
range by a pass, which, for wild and sublime natural scen-
ery, equals the celebrated passage ol the Hudson through the
Highlands."
Here it may be remarked that a railroad was
made along the Hudson, but it was because, on
account of the gieat expanse and quiet character
oi the river, it was possible to build in the river
itself; to turn from the mountains, and, on tressel-
work standing in the water, to construct a rail-
road. This pass, however, is a chasm through
which the Columbia river pours with immense
velocity. It is stated boats can pass within a few
feet of the basalt columns on the bank without
danger of striking sunken rocks, so closcly does
deep water border upon the shore.
" For a distance of about fifty miies, mountains, covered
with clinging spruces, fir&, and pines, when not too precip-
itous to affoid even these a foothold, rise abruptly from the
water's edge, to heights varying from one to three thousand
feet Some of the ridges are appat ently composed of com-
pact basaltic conglomerate; others are immense piles of
small rocks, vast quantities ot which have been known to
slide into the river, overwhelming eveiytlimg m their
course."
Lieutenant Derby, with an appropriation of
§25,000, made for the construction of a wagon
road from Fort Vancouver to Fort Dalles, made
a careful examination, and has reported the road
impracticable without enormous expense. Lieu-
tenant Abbot, in mentioning the fact, says:
"The officer in charge of the work, Lieutenant G. H.
Derby, United States topographical engineers, made a care-
ful examination of the route, subsequent to my reconnois-
sance, and has reported the road impracticable, without
enormous expense. I think a careful survey would show
the same to be true with reference to a railroad."
Then he goes on to describe the country in the
valley of the Des Chutes, showing that there is
a great belt of desert country extending north and
south, east and west, probably including all that
great region which lies between the great chain
of the Rocky Mountains and the first chain of
mountains which obstructs the passage of cur-
rents of air from the Pacific ocean.
Leaving the northern route, I pass to the route
of the forty-first parallel, which has been described
in the Senate as having peculiar advantages.
From the Great Salt Lake to the Sierra Nevada,
the country on this route consists of alternate
mountains and plains, or valleys—plains utterly
barren. The office examinations of the railroad
explorations state that—
" The greater part of the surface of these valleys is merely
sprinkled by several varieties of sombre artemisia, (wild
sage,) presenting the aspect of a dreary waste; though there
are spots more thickly covered with this vegetation., yet the
soil is seldom half covered with it for a few acres, and is
nowhere suitable for settlement and cultivation. Immedi-
ately we&t of Great Salt Lake, there is a desert plain of
mud, clay, and sand, impregnated with salt, seventy miles
in width'tiom east to west, by its longest line, and forty at
a nairovv part, further south."
The following extracts from Captain Beck-
with's own reports, exhibit the general character
of the soil over a large portion of this route, and
fully sustain this statement of the revising offi-
cer:
" The western range of the Wahsatch mountains, stand-
ing on the eastern border of the Great Basin, ts continuous,
extending north and south over five degree* of latitude,
from the vicinity of Little Salt Lake to north of Beai nver, j
broken only by the passage ol the Sevier, Timpanogos,
Weber, and Bear rivers." * * * * "Its west-
ern slope is very steep—often inacces=iblc—presenting, gen-
erally, a foinndable bairiertothe entrance of a railroad into
the basin from the east. Many small streams descend fiom
it; and as far as its disintegrations have been deposited at
ite base upon the alkaline plant?: of the basin, it forms a
rich soil. This line of deposit is narrow and continuous,
but varying in width, where it is found, from two or three
miles to ten or twelve at a few points, ad opposite Utah and
Great Salt Lakes, where it occupies the entire space fiom i
the mountain to the lake shores. It is to this narrow belt
of land that the Mormon settlements are almost exclusively
confined, the isolated settlements being upon similar de-
posits, m small valleys, at the base of other mountains, the
small mountain streams upon which these deposits are the
richest, and chiefly exist, being used for irrigation."
The Mormon community eagerly seek for, and
occupy, small tracts of cultivable soil, if suffi-
ciently large to support a few families, even though
at great distances from the main settlement.
" From the westein shore of the Great Salt Lake to the
valley of Humbolt river, the country consists alternately of |
mountains, m moie or less isolated ranges, and open, level
'dains." * * * * "Cedar mountain lies immedi-
ately on the southwestern shores ot the lake, and gradually
subsides towards the north, terminating in Strong's Knob."
* * * * i- immediately west of this taiige there
occurs a desert plain of mud, about seventy miles in width
irom ea t to we-t, by its longest line, which becomes nar-
rowed to foity, and eventually entirely disappears as it
extends southwaid—less than thirty of winch is miry by tins
line—and it is firm m propoition to the distance lroin the
lake." *********
Describing this desert where the party crossed
it, he says:
£C For this entire distance there is not a sign of green veg-
etation. (May 13.) and only here and there a dry stalk of
artemisia, where it has been transported by the wind. The
lightest sheet of effloresced salt covered the moist earth at
intervals, and the track of a single antelope or wolf could
be seen crossing the desert for miles by the line of dark mud
thrown up by its feet, so level, white, and soft, was the plain ;
and the whole scene was as barren, desolate, and dreary, as
can be imagined. Fortunately, the sun was partially ob-
scured during most of the day; but, even with the obscurity,
its reflection was very painful to the eyes, which were very
materially relieved, however, by one or two light passing
showers, which dissolved the salt upon the plain, butgreatly
enhanced the fatigue and labor of crossing it."
At the encampment that night, after crossing
the salt mud desert, he says:
" We were soon vi-ited by a number of the expected
guests, extremely filthy, and very naked, and emaciated by
starvation during the long winter, during which their sup-
ply of rats and bugs fail, and they are reduced to the great-
est extreme of want, if their appearance truly indicate it;
and they are, doubtless, among the lowest of the human
lace, in intelligence and humanity."
Describing Fish Creek Valley, he says:
" May 15.—The valley is here several miles wide, and
the stream lined with grass, which is not all, however, of
a superior quality. Many of the small settlements of Utah
are not so well supplied with the requisites for successful
cultivation as those found on this stream, on which we
found a band of twenty Shoshonee Indians encamped, be-
sides women and children. They are mounted, and con-
trast strikingly with their Goshoot neighbors m the plump
condition of their persons, although they complain of hun-
ger," &c. * * * * " Our Indian guides left
us here, as we were approaching the western line of their
territory; and we endeavored, unsuccessfully, to obtain
one fiom the Shoshonees to accompany us—their perfect
knowledge of the country being of great service in desig-
nating the points at which water and grass can be found."
" May 16.—Leaving camp, we took a nearly west course
by the shoitest route we could discover, leading to a favor-
able passage of the low mountains in that direction. The
country was at first gently rolling, but soon became more
broken and hilly, and covered with an unusual growth of
cedar, artemisia covering the whole face of the country, and
the soil was light and dusty." *****
" May 18 —Last night was cold, freezing the surface of
the ground to the depth of a quarter of an inch. Altitude,
six thousand five hundred and fifty feet. Leaving camp at
sunrise, we continued down the dry bed of the creek for a
short distance, but leaving it as we entered the valley, in
which our course changed more to the north, for the pur-
pose of passing around the noith end of the succeeding
mountain. The road wac dry and hard, and the artemisia,
which covered the whole face of the country, small."
** * * * * * * * *
Describing the large valley lying at the east-
ern base of Humboldt mountains, sixty miles in
length and twenty in width, at the widest part, he
says:
u May2.0.—" * * * * "Itisthemostfer-
ttle valiey known to exist in the center of the basin. Nu-
merous streams descend into it from the elevated range of
the Humboldt Mountains, all the crest of which for a thou-
sand feet below its summit is still buried in snow. To the
largest of these streams I gave the name of Franklin river. It
rises by the union of several small streams in the pass by
which it is proposed to cross the mountain with the railroad,
descends to the east to the base of the mountain, and thence
flows touth for many miles, forming the most consideiablo
lake in Ihe valley, of which there are several, but none of
great extent. These lakes are suriounded, and all the
streams are lined, with extensive meadows of coarse, tall,
luxuriant grass; arid the water, so far as we could ascer-
tain, at least at this season of the year, is fiesh, but near
the lakes has a stiong taste of decaying vegetation. The
richest of the lands aie, unfortunately, too low and wet for
cultivation to their full extent; otherwise it would furnish
lauds for a respectable settlement." * * * *
" We rode for several miles in a due west course from this
pond, although this course would bring us directly to the
base of the mountains, where there is no possibility of
crossing them; but the width of the plain is such" *
* * * " that it is necessary to be sure of finding
water and grass for our animals at rnght, which we could
not fail to do at the foot of the snowy range we were ap-
proaching, although it increased the distance to travel be-
yond what it would otherwise have been. But in the mid-
dle of the plain we came upon Franklin river, the channel
of which is thirtv feet wide at present, and it has every-
where overflowed its banks; but in midsummer it is doubt-
less a small stream." * * * * u We en-
camped on the banks of the river, which are de&tnute of
timber, but sage furnishes abundant fuel."
The route here enters the pass of Humboldt
mountains, and crossing them, descends the val-
ley of Humboldt river, Colonel Fremont's de-
scription of which Captain Beckwith quotes:
" The country through winch it passes, (except its imme-
diate valley,) is a dry, sandy plain, without grass, wood, or
arable soil." * * * * ^ its own immediate
valley is a rich alluvtan, beautifully covered with blue gras-,
heid grass, clover, and other nutritious glasses, and its
course is marked through the plain by a line of willow,5'
* * * * " serving lor luel."
Lieutenant Beckwith adds:
"June 8.—Willows line the stream in many parts, but
trees are nowhere seen on the Humboldt. Its water, even
at this season, is not superior, and becomes less so as you
descend it, and as it subsides after the spring n<e It is now
forty yards wide when all collected in one channel, and eight
feet deep, flowing with a moderate current. There are no
fitfh in this part of if larger than minnows." ^ ^
"June 9.—We*moved camp but six and eighty hundredths
miles down the river to a point selected for crossing it,
where it has no bottom land upon it. These low lands be-
in<* very much overflowed at this season, and miry, are en-
tirely impassable for horses or cattle; and many arriving
here in a weak condition, are annually lost by emigrants
from becoming mired. But one of the chief causes of the
loss of cattle by emigrants upon this stream, is allowing
them to cat the grass in the river bottom, which is extremely
unwholesome. The more experienced stock drovers to
California, send their cattle back from the river to feed on
the nuuiuous grass of the hills; but,as these are frequently
distant from the road and fiom water, it is only by experi-
ence that men leam its importance. -
