1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
905
The honorable Senator from Virginia talks
about the Amistad case as one standing in the
way of the acquisition of Cuba. I agree with
my friend from New York, that if a trifling mat-
ter of that sort has in reality such an effect, I
would keep the Armstad bill in its present posi-
tion just as long as possible; I would not aid in
bringing it up at this time. I know enough of
my honorable friend from Connecticut to be per-
fectly aware that if he is ready to speak on it, he
would infinitely prefer that he never should have
the occasion to speak upon it by having it brought
up here; and I know that if there is any class of
Senators here (which I cannot believe) who de-
sire to have measures come up to which they are
opposed, for the sake of speaking on them, my
friend from Connecticut, at tiny rate, is not one
of them. Now, sir, I never promise to speak on
any question, because I do not know whether I
should have the ability to perform the promise
if I made it; and I am a little careful, therefore,
how I promise. I infinitely prefer that the Amis-
tad claim—which the honorable Senator from Vir-
ginia speaks of as a debt of honor to Spain, but
which I consider an utter rascality in its very
nature—never should come up in any shape or
form. If it does come up, I may have something
to say about it, or I may not. 1 certainly am
desirous that it never should present itself, for I
really look upon it in the light of a claim that
presents itself with the utter absence of any merit,
or any honor of any kind or description. That
is the view 1 take of it.
It is perfectly well known that if that question
does come up, it must lead to a protracted debate;
that it can be attended with no result: for, if the
bill passes through the Senate, it cannot pass the
House at this session of Congress. The same is
true of the Cuba bill. If they come up heie for
debate, we have nothing but debate; and, as I said
before, there is time enough for both those ques-
tions before the important elections which may
be approaching. They will keep; and we shall
have time to speak upon them heieafter without
crowding them upon the business of this closing
period of the session of Congress.
Sir, I almost despair of having anything done
in reference to the revenues at this session; and I
see, or think I see, in the future, difficulties that
we are to have, as individuals, m coming here to
act upon important questions at a season of the
year when we would gladly be elsewhere; but
there is time enough left to us at this session to do
something. There is time enough to get through
with the pressing business of the session, if we
are disposed to do it. We have time enough to
dispose of the appropriation bills, and other bills
that are before us awaiting our action, that are
practicable, that do not call for mere debate and
talk. Whythen not take them up in theirorder,
or take them up as we can get them up, and dis-
pose of them first; and then, if we have any time
left for the Armstad question and the Cuba ques-
tion, we can take them up afterwards, and have
all the addresses we wish to make for the country
on subjects of that description ?
I hope my friend from New Hampshire will
reverse his decision, and will not vote to bring
this question up until he is compelled to do so; not
that anybody supposes that we shrink from meet-
ing questions of this description before the coun-
try. I do not for one. 1 am willing to listen, if
I ao not speak. lam willing to vote, at least,
upon these subjects, whenever I am brought to a
vote on them, and to express my opinion on them
beforehand, if necessary. All that we who stand
in opposition, at any rate, to these measures have
to do is not to aid in biinging them up at a peiiod
so late in the session as this, when there arc many
things else to be done for the benefit of the coun-
try, mucfh that we ought to do. I hope, there-
fore, that neither of these motions will prevail.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I should be very
sorry if my proposition to call up the case of the
Amistad on Friday morning, using, in connection
with it, what I presumed, to be the convenience ,
of the honorable Senator from Connecticut, has
placed it in the power of his political associates, .
who, I presume, are alfc o his political friends, to
drive him, because of that connection, into any ;
sort of disparagement with his constituents. I j
understood the honorable Senator from Maine,]
who has just taken his seat, to express some doubt s
whether the Senator from Connecticut would feel
himself at liberty to lend any aid to me, or to
those with whom I act, to bring up this question,
because of its peculiar character.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator excuse
me a moment?
Mr. MASON. Certainly; I yield with great
pleasure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what hal-
lucination is running through the mind of the Sen-
ator; but it is clearly one. I intimated no such
thing in any shape or form—not m the slightest
possible degree; and I said nothing which the
Senator could construe into that, unless he is la-
boring under an entire misapprehension of what
I did say. I said this, and I say it again: my
friend from Connecticut did not understand me
as the Senator from Virginia does. I know that
my friend from Connecticut, although he might
be prepared to speak on this question, and speak
against the bill, (which I know he is if he speaks
at all,) would much rather forego the speech than
have the bill taken up at all; and I have no doubt
he would. That is all.
Mr. DIXON. Mr. President 
Mr. MASON. The Senator from Connecticut
will allow me to go on; I will yield him the floor
directly. What I meant, to do was simply this:
to call upon those gentlemen with whom I act to
take up this bill as an act of justice to the Gov-
ernment of Spain, and to this Government. In
connection with it, I used the name of the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut only to declare that
he had done me the honor to say that he designed
speaking upon it; that he had prepared himself
to oppose the bill; and J used his name in con-
nection with it only to say that I would hear him
with great pleasure, but shout# not reply, from
an anxiety to get a vote, and to assure the Sen-
ate that I do not mean to occupy the time of the
Senate on the subject. Having done that, I did
think, and I think without any hallucination yet,
I understood the honorable Senator from Maine
to place that Jionorable Senator in a position of
disability to explain himself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. lie can speak for him-
self on that subject.
Mr. DIXON. I have only to say, Mr. Presi-
dent, that I have no desire, one way or the other,
with regard to taking up the Amistad bill. I
think it can be shown that the claim is entirely
unfounded; that it is unjust; and I believe the
Senate will be convinced that it ought not to be
paid. I have no fear of meeting it; but have no
desire that it shall be taken up, one way or the
other.
Mr. MASON. I will call it up if I can.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I merely desire to say one
word, to guard against misapprehension. If the
Senator from Maine supposes that I desire the bill
in relation to Cuba to be taken up, simply for the
purpose of having the bill discussed, mid the dis-
cussion go out to the country without any result,
he misunderstood me. 1 expect the bill to pass nt
this session, and to lesult in the acquisition of
Cuba. That is the reason why 1 support it.
Mr. HALE. 1 want to say a smirb woid in
answer to a remark that fell from my friend from
Maine. He intimated that I wanted the Cuba
bill to come up for the purpose of making a .speech
that t had prepared on this subject. 1 can say to
the Senator and to the Senate, 1 have prepared no
speech upon it. If the thing is taken ilp, 1 shall
speak with such preparation as I can give to u;
and I shall have to devote to it more labor than 1
am desirous of expending on the subject this ses-
sion. I will repeat what I said brfoie, and 1 co 11
the attention of the political friends with whom
it is my pleasure to act, and whom it is my pleas-
ure to lead where they follow—[laughter]—well,
I made a blunder, sir; I take it bnek—my pleas-
ure to follow where they lead. [Laughter.] Take
it that way. I say, sir, that I have leceived let-
ters to-day from the State of New Hampbhiie,
from some of my political friends, in whosejudg-
ment I have great confidence, and whom I always
follow, let them lead where they will, and they
tell me that the sentiment there is that this ques-
tion is demoralizing the Republican party in this
country, and that they dare not meet it. I know
that they will look upon it, and they so write to
me, as a great measure that is got up not so much
for the acquisition of Cuba as for the acquisition
of this country in the next piesidentiul election.
That is the wny they look upon it.
Sir, I presume you have read the Arabian
Nights; and if you have, you may have read an
account of some sovereign who had received a
mortal wound, under which he languished, apd
that he was kept in life year after year and year
after year, by the assiduous attention of his nurse.,
who, every now and then, had to administer some
extraordinary tonic to keep him in life. Now, sir,
the Democratic party in this country occupics just
exactly the position of that eastern sovereign. In
1840, they received their death wound, and they
have only lived a spasmodic life ever since.
[Laughter.] They have been kept alive by tonics
and stimulants. They took the annexation of
Texas, and that was a very salutary dose. It gave
them new life. Thentheyhavetaken various meas-
ures, until they have run out all the ordinary nos-
trums that are advertised in the catalogue of patent
political medicinos;and there has been a Cabinet
'council got together, and they recommend now a
; strong dose of Cuba as the only thing by which
j the party can possibly survive another presiden-
i ttal election. [Laughter.]
: That is the way my political friends look upon
it m New Hampshire; and, sir, I confess that I
very much concur in the view which they take
of it. Looking upon it in that way, they think
that it implies a lack of courage and a lack of con-
fidence m the discernment of the people to avoid
this discussion. I do not belong to the Adminis-
tration party here; though I have had to defend
this. Administration against its friends a number
i of times. [Laughter.] I did it last session on the
j Army bill. In fact, I do not know that there is
j an Administration party on this floor. I under-
| stand it is given out in high quartets that Mr.
i Buchanan has joined the Opposition; and that
| may possibly be the reason why he was not in-
1 vited into the Democratic caucus, and had not a
| chance to hfc heard there. [Laughter ] Or, per-
haps, it was because the Administration was
against him, and he had, like the historical Doge
of Venice, been plotting against his own Admin-
istration. I do not belong to the Administration
party, and 1 do not belong to the majority in this
Senate I am emphatic in saying that now, be-
cause I do not know long I can be justified with
truth in saying it. I take it, however, that this
is the measuie. of the Administration and its
friends; for in my unsophisticated observation of
what lias occuired upon the floor of the Senate
since this Administration has been m power, I
have thought that if there was a s merle member of
j the Senate who spoke the views of Mr. Buchanan
. more clearly, more emphatically, more decidedly,
, and more—something beyond what my friend
:! from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bi< lek] would call
: " semi-ofHcially," it was the Senator from Loui-
siana, [Mr. Sliduu..]
| 1 may have
' may have don
tice. That has been the way it has shuck me.
i Well, sir, when I saw that gentleman occupying
! this official nnd confidential relation to the Presi-
dent, as 1 have certainly supposed that he hn«s,
1 coming forward and asking for the coirsidei ation
! of ihis measure, and urging it, I took it to be the
j exposition of the way in which the Admimstra-
! tion proposes tu administer the Government, and
" that we slmuM be called a factious opposition,
nnd bo accused of throwing impediments m the
way of a fur and honest administration of the
Government by the Executive, if wc failed to give
this Executive measure fair consideration. The
j! President, in his message, recommends it from
1! motives of the highest humanity, in opposition
to the views thai have been expiessed, not far
: fiom heie, in tegard to the reopening of the Aft i-
' can slave tiade. When Mr. Buchanan, from the
impulses of his benevolence and from the pious
'! purpos  s of his philanthropic heart, desires to
■ throw the force of his administration m-the way
' of reopening the slave trade by the acquisition of
Cuba, I am not disposed to shrink from the ex-
'[ nmmation of that question; and I beg my friend
from Maine to do me the justice to believe that
I! it is not for making any display of myself on
this occasion.
I say, sir, with the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr Bevjamix7,] it is a great question.
It is the question upon which are suspended the
j destinies of this nation. 1 look upon it as a meas-
j ure fraught with incalculable mischief. I look
;i upon Has a new era in the history of the country.
done him injustice; or, rather, I
nni more than justice, notmjus-
