906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
I look upon it as inaugurating a new policy, fatal
to our progress and even to our existence. But,
sir, looking upon it in that way, when its friends
put it forward as they do, I think that, let the
time of the session be what it may, we should go
home subject and liable to that reproach which
my friend writes to me from the little State of New
Hampshire we are laboring under in that State,
if we refused to take up the glove of debate which
has been thrown down to us. Sir, let it come;
and let this great question, so full of interest, so
full of consequences that are to be developed,
not in the future but in our own day, be discussed
in all its amplitude. I say, we should go home
to our constituents subject to the reproach which
they tell me we are already laboring under, if we
shrink from meeting and discussing this question.
If an extra session of Congress is to be the
consequence, I can assure my honorable friend
from Maine, that I know there is not a member
on this floor who would deprecate it more than
I would. I know there is not a member on
this floor upon whom it would impose more per-
sonal inconvenience than it would upon myself.
Still, rather than suffer under the reproach and
the opprobrium which must be my lot, if I seek
to avoid a fair discussion of the merits of this
question, 1 will consent, even at the hazard of an
extra session of Congress, to meet this question,
and to meet it as becomes a man and a Senator;
and I hope that I need not again repeat that
it is from no desire to discuss this question my-
self. If my honorable friend from Maine whuld
pledge us that he would bring his gigantic intel-
lect and his great powers of scrutiny and analy-
sis to bear upon this question, I would willingly
sit and listen; but I protest, for one, that I will
not put myself in the way of having the impu-
tation raised upon me of avoiding the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I seem to under the
necessity of making explanations all around on
account of the few words I unfortunately spoke
this morning, in relation to this matter. I find
that my friend from New Hampshire understood
me perfectly well before, and does now; and I
have nothing to say to him, except this: I have
no fear at all, and thank God I never have, of
being misjudged by my constituents, because I
speak for them, or because I hold my peace.
They are a tolerably sensible people in New Eng-
land, sir; and if we vote not to take up this meas-
ure, I suppose they will have the common sense
to know that it is because we think it best not to
have it come up, and they will be satisfied with
that. My friend deprecates it as fraught with the
most horrible evils that could possibly be inflicted
upon this country if it shall become a law and the
thing consummated; and yet, I beg leave to ask
him how the evil can be inflicted if it never comes
up for debate ? As long as it is kept off, or keep?
itself off, we are in no particular danger of all
those terrible evils of which the Senator speaks.
Now, sir, I do not attempt to conceal anything
with reference to this matter. I only rose for the
purpose of saying again, that I have no fear of
being misjudged at home. The people of New
England understand the quality of the Republi-
can Senators here. I do not suppose anybody
will accuse us of being afraid to express our sen-
timents upon this question, or any other. I am
in 110 apprehension on that ground, so far as I am
concerned; and that is no reason, I beg leave to
say again, why, at this particular juncture, we,
on this side of the Chamber, should lend our aid
to get up a measure which we believe to be ne-
cessarily injurious, yea, destructive in its results,
if it shall ever be consummated, when all the
business of the session is before us to be accom-
plished, and everybody is looking on with a de-
sire that we shall do something in the ordinary
line of our duty. That is all I said.
I did not mean to accuse my friend of desiring
to get this bill up for the sales of making a speech
that he had prepared. I only said that he had in-
timated that he was ready to speak; but that was
no reason'why the matter should be taken up out
ot place, and no reason why we should lend our
aid to get it up. That is all. I know that my
friend has too great facility for speaking on any
subject to have any desire that any particular
question should come up at any particular time.
Speaking is no trouble to him, and therefore it is
no object, certainly, with him to bring up this
question, that, or the other. 1 rose to speak
merely my own sentiments, and to say to my
friends on this side of the Chamber, that if this
matter is to come before the Senate and interfere
with the whole order and course of business, I
hope we shall not lend our votes to accomplish it.
I certainly shall not mine.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish to say a single word
in response to what fell from the Senator from
New Hampshire. I took occasion, some few days
since, in reply to an intimation that this was a
measure which the Executive had very much at
heart, to say that I had never consulted with him
before bringing in the bill which was referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, orin regard
to the report which was made upon it. I have
never consulted him as to the course of strategy
to be pursued to accomplish the passage of the
bill or any of these details. It would, however,
be an unworthy affectation on my part to say that
I was not perfectly persuaded that the President
does desire, sincerely desire, that this bill should
pass. I infer that, not from anything that he has
said particularly to me more than to others, but
from the tenor of his message, and because this
bill is in exact conformity with the spirit of his
recommendation.
Now one word more as to the personal relations
that the Senator from New Hampshire has thouglft
proper to attribute to me; whether meant in the
form of ccnsure or applause, I do not know, but
probably in a friendly spirit. I can say that my
relations personal and political with the President
are not of a more friendly character than I hope
characterizes those relations towards him on the
part of a great many of my colleagues in the
Senate.
I will say furtljgr, that nothing has ever fallen
from me, here or elsewhere, to authorize the im-
putation that I assume to be his particular organ,
and to enjoy his particular confidence, or in any
degree to be more responsible for his action, or
more bound to follow his recommendations and
approve his measures, than any other gentleman
who habitually acts with me on this floor.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, in regard to
this question which seems to divide the two sides
of the House in some degree, I wish, after all the
debate which .has taken place, to put myself right
upon the record. If there is one member of this
Senate, or if there are forty members, who are in
favor of the passage of a bill to give the President
of the United States $30,000,000 for the purpose
proposed, I know that he will vote for this bill;
I know that they will vote for the bill; that the
proposition to take it up now will secure the vote
of every sincere and earnest advocate of the meas-
ure. If my vote should be found ranged with
those, I know of no way in which it could be in-
terpreted, except that I myself was in favor of
the same measure. It is a simple rule with me
always to vote, in every stage, in favor of a meas-
ure that I think a proper one, and at every stage
to vote against it, if 1 think it an improper one,
much more an erroneous or injurious one.
So far as political advantage is expected to ac-
crue from the discussions of this bill, it is worthy
of serious consideration whether each side of the
House is right in anticipating that it will derive
great advantage from that debate. One side cer-
tainly will derive it, and the other will not. Now,
I agree with my honorable friend from New
Hampshire, that no good is going to result to the
Democratic party from this debate; but I must
confess that I have some respect for their judg-
ments and opinions, since it is so clearly under-
stood that they do expect to derive some political
advantage from it; and I am inclined, for that rea-
son, if the subject is brought up here so that they
may attempt to gain that advantage, it shall be
done only by means of their own votes, and not
with the aid of mine.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. President, I desire to
make a brief explanation of the vote I shall feel
called upon to give in this case. I am inclined to
stand with the Senator from Virginia, who has
charge of the appropriation bill, if he adheres to
that bill. I consider the appropriation bill as
a bill of the first importance and first moment,
especially at this stage of the session; and, as he
will be held responsible by the country and by
the Senate for our action upon that, I will stand
by him while he adheres to that bill. If, on the
contrary, it is considered wise and proper, on
this occasion, to postpone that bill, to let it give
way and call up the other bill, then I will vote
with the honorable Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. HUNTER. In regard to that matter, I
should have been very glad to have carried on the
appropriation bill separately; but when I found
that this matter was to be united to that, I thought
it was best for the public interests of the country
to let this be taken up first; and, after the Senate
shall be satisfied that they cannot get along with
it, then, perhaps, they will let me take up the ap-
propriation bill. It will then be out of my way.
Mr. COLLAMER. Mr. President, this ques-
tion of the order of business is ordinarily rather
a troublesome affair, and it is annoying to spend
many words about it. It does not seem to be of
much use to do so; but I will say, that if the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance, who has
always, by the usage of this body, the right to
insist first of all upon his appropriation bills, in
which he is generally sustained by the Senate,
chooses to give way for the purpose of putting
forward and giving preference to this Cuba bill,
I wish it to be so understood. I trust I am ask-
ing for nothing unreasonable in this. If he will
have Cuba, he must have Cuba for this session,
and get on with the appropriation bills as well as
he can; for if we begin discussion on that subject,
we must go on with it; we must play out the play.
I apprise the gentleman now, in season, that he
may have his choice.
Mr. HUNTER. In reply to that, I have to
say, that I have to choose between this Cuba bill
as a separate measure, or the Cuba bill as attached
to the appropriation bills. I much prefer that it
should be a separate measure. It will be for the
Senate to determine, after it has been discussed a
day or two, whether they will not take up the
appropriation bills in preference. I think, there-
fore, I shall do better to wait. The Senator, of
course, will vote as he pleases.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman and I do
not understand the facts alike. He knows, and
I know, and I take itit is perfectly understood, it
cannot be moved as an amendment to the appro-
priation bill, unless the Senator from Louisiana
gets the order of his committee, which he himself
disavows having. He says he has not got it.
Mr. HUNTER. I talked with another mem-
ber of that committee, the Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] yesterday, and I am con-
vinced he will get the order of the committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is immaterial. He
has not got it yet. He says he has not got it.
We need not anticipate it. It does not stand in
the way of the appropriation bill now.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. One word in relation to
the taking up of this bill. For myself, I confess,
if the discussion of the Cuba question is to come
on at the present session, I am anxious that it
should come on early that it may be discussed,
and discussed fully; but as I look upon the prop-
osition at this time to attempt to acquire Cuba
as wholly impracticable, and as coming to no re-
sult, even if the bill should pass, I shall vote with
my friends on this side of the Chamber against
postponing all prior orders for the purpose of
taking up the bill. But I must say, however, that
I look upon it rather in the light of an attempt to
change the pleadings, if I may use the expression,
in preparation of the grand presidential issue
which is to come off in 1860; and that, as an in-
dividual, I confess that I am ready to join in the
work of forming that issue, and forming it now
I desire that the honorable Senator from Louis-
iana should understand that when we come to the
making up of the pleadings for that great issue,
we shall expect to take part in its formation; and
that it will not be for us on this side of the Cham-
ber always to wait for those leading upon the
other side, to choose their own battle-ground; to
decide when and where they will strike^heblow;
that on this side of the Chamber the organization,
which is now ranged under the name of the Re-
publican party of this country, is no mere oppo-
sition party; no mere Whig party, or Federal
party, to oppose everything and propose nothing.
They will find that the Republican party of to-day
is a living organization—the reorganized Democ-
racy of the United States; and they will find, in
the formation of the issue for I860, and in the trial
of that issue, there are blows to take as well as
blows to give.
That battle will not be fought upon any mere
side issue or impracticable issue like the present
