1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
285
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
" Seveial lodges of Utah Indians were mot with upon the
Compadre, who informed us that the major part of their
band had gone to Snake river upon a buffalo Hunt, and had
taken with them nearly all their best horses. I held out
every inducement to persuade them to soli some of the
remaining ones, but did not succeed in purchasing one.
" They beemed to be amply supplied with rifles and blank-
ets, which they said had been presented to them bj their
agent, m Mexico. I also made an effort to hire one of them
to accompany us, as a guide, as far as the £ Coo-che-to-pa*
Pads, supposing he would know the best route to avoid the
deep snows; and, as an inducement, I offered him the
value.of two horses; but he most peremptorily declined,
saying 'the snow was very deep m the mountains; that \vc
would all peri&h ; and that, for his pait, he wats not disposed
to die m that way.' lie also said that it would be much
more wise foi us to turn about and go back, or stop and
winter with them.
" Our inteipreter replied to him that we were men, and
not old women ; that we intended to go on, and had no fears
as to the result." * * * * * * *
"On the 22d day of December, wc left the valley, of the
Compadie, and takingasoutheast course, entered the moun-
tains, where we atonee encoantered snow, which increased
in depth as we ascended, and upon the top tilts wa< a hard
crust, that cut the mules'legs seveiely, and greatly aug-
mented tho difficulty in ttavehng.
41 On the 24th the snow had become so deep that, finding
it impossible for ourjaded animals any longei to break th«
track, I placed forty men m advance who waded .slowly
tli rough it. alternating Aom ft out to rear as they became ex-
hausted, and in this "manner a path was beaten over which
the packed amies with difficulty passed. The snow con-
tinued to increase m depth as we advanced; but the men
struggled most manfully on. They were cheerful, and
there was not a woid of complaint from any one of the
soldiers." **• •**•****
" We then followed slowly on until the 31st, making
about five miles a day. This, biought us to a small creek
which our guide informed me bad its iis?e on the Coo-che-
to-pa Pass. Here we had the irnsfoiturie to eneountei a
snowstoun which added about fourteen inches to tho
heavy body of snow aheady upon the giound,and increased
veiy gteatly tne difficulty of bi caking a tiack thiough it.
u The following morning dawned upon us with gloomy
auspices, fat from promising a happy new year; yet we
stiugglcd on. and by the seveiest toil made about two miles
during the entue day. The snow was now fiom foui to five
feet deep, and the leading men weie obliged in many places
to crawl upon their hands and knees to pievent sinking to
their necks They could only co a few yards at a time be-
fore they weie compelled, in a state of exhaustion, to throw
themselves down and let others take then places."
He goes on to describe the suffering of his men;
but I have read enough to show that this is a
country where the climate alone creates such dif-
ficulty that I presume 110 one, speaking undcr-
standingly on the subject, would say it was a fit
route for a railroad. He says further:
u The route we parsed over, fiom Camp Scott to the val-
ley of the Rio del Noite, tiaveiV * lor almost the en tne du- .
tanee a veiy biolcn and mountainous ie!iion,ovei winch I ;
legard it as wholly impiacticable to eairy a wagon road
without the expendituic of a vast amount of laboi. It would,
however, bo a good louto for f-ummer travel wnii pack
mules, as graso, watei, and wood, ate abundant upon the :
whole loute. The estimated distance hum Camp Scott
to Fort Massachusetts is five hundred and mnety-thi«e
Hides."
That is the region of country where the Sen-
ator from jN"ew Hampshire [Mr. Clark] proposes
to run this road, as the only iine which he could
favor. In order that I may not have been mis- ,
understood in the heights of tho passes, I will j
repeat that the altitude of the pass £1 Sangre del |
Christo is ninety-four hundred and nineteen feet;
and that of the Coo-che-to-pa, ten thousand and i
thirty-two feet. Here we find a party of soldiers :
compelled to relieve each other, to crawl on their j
hands and feet, in order that they might break
the snow sufficiently for the pack mules to follow.
Passing on tothetkirly-fijihparallelroute,\vheYC,
it has been said, we have the best soil, and the
greatest abundance of timber and water, and,
therefore, the best line for a road, I will first no-
tice the soil. I read from the office examinations
of the field-work of the railroad explorations:
" Grama gias-* beiiiir found on the noith bank of the Ca-
nadian, hi longitude and extending westwaid in gieatei
or ley.s abundance to the Sieira Nevada, indicate? that the
change from feitihtyto bairenness begins at this latitude, at
least north of the Canadian. Cactacce also make their ap-
peal ance with grama grass. South of it, howevei, the geo-
logical formation is that of a good sod, >o about longitude
98® 30'. At this point the change to uncultivable land i-com-
plete, except in the river bonoms, which aro more or le-s
fertile, but not the great body of the land. Not far south ot
the unite good soil extends westward to the teimination of
the Wichita mountains. Some poition? of the upper valley
of the Canadian, the upper valley of the Peco-, the valleys
of die Rio Ciaude. Zuili. Colot ado, Cinq into, San Fianeiseo,
Colorado of the UV-t and n< tubutaiies, posse** a lcitile
soil, lequmna geneijlh irrigation to make it piodueuve.
That poition "f the i-ouiiiwe-Tt corner of the Gieat Pasm ua-
versed hv this route, and over which the exploiations ot
lieutenant Williamson extended, is well constituted for
fertility, us barrenness lesultuig from the absence ol ram.
Generallythe uncultivable plains have an abundance of nu-
tritious giass, though there are extensive tracts where little
or none is found—the two greatest being from the Antelope
Hills to Tecumcari creek on the Canadian, two bundled
and fifty or two hundied and sixty miles, and fromthelower
part of Santa Maria river, to the Mohave river, two hun-
dred miles."
Upon this route, I think the interior is better
supplied with such timber as will serve to con-
struct a railroad than upon any other route, ex-
cept that of the forty-ninth parallel. There are
some portions of the line where the timber will
have to be carricd a considerable distance. This
is true, however, of al! the routes; and in com-
parison, therefore, it is hardly necessary to speak
of it. On this route, there is a smaller portion of
the distance, I think, where fuel cannot be got,
than in any other; but—
" Fiom tho Aztec Pass to the Siena Nevada, four hun-
dred and tweniy miles, no fuel for railroad purposes will be
fuund, arid that for working paities will be scanty m some
places. From the point of leaving the Colorado to the Mo-
have river,one hundied and fiitecn miles, no fuel is to be
had."
And, it might have been added, no water. That
portion of the difficulty on this route has been
constantly overlooked; no mention has been made
of it. Gentlemen have spoken of it as though
they had passed all difficulty and reached a point
where all was smooth They seem to be clinging
to the old error, that the Mohave river is a trib-
utary to the Colorado, and that, when theyreach
the Colorado, they have passed into the Mohave
valley, an error long since corrected by these ex-
plorations. It is shown that there is a high ridge,
rising to four or five thousand feet above the sea,
between the termination of the Mohave river and
the Colorado, and that the Mohave river sinks in
a kind of pool, never to rise again. The party of
exploration, when they left the Colorado, had to
divide into three parts to get water when crossing
this ridge to the Mohave river. As to the general
supply of water on the thirty-fifth parallel route,
it is stated in the official review that:
" The exact distances over which water is not found at
certain seasons, or permanently, are not stated, it does ap-
pear, however, that a lesort to unusual means will be no-
eessarv east of 100° longitude. Between that and the Pa-
cific there are spaces destitute of it, where, from the known
charaetcrof the geological structtnc, there is no doubt that
suflieient supplies can be obtained either by deep common
wells, artesian wells, or reservoirs." * * * *
"These large supplies of timber and water, west of the Rio
Grande, are attained at the expense of great elevation and
somewhat lugged giouud."
I will now proceed to the consideration of the
only remaining line, the route of the thirty-second
parallel. I hope I am not expected to make it
quite smooth, or find water at convenient distan-
ces, cultivable land, and timber continuously along
the route. 1 know of no such route across our
territories. ] wish I did. If there were a route
where it was thus made easy to build a railroad,
we might feel a more happy security for the fu-
ture. It wrould bring m its train not only the con-
struction of such a work, but that continuous
I population which is needful to bind the two parts
of the country together. Knowing no such line,
I believe it is a herculean task to construct the
road, attempt it where you will. Go on what
parallel of latitude you may, all you can do is to
take tne least of most serious obstacles. I reached
; the conclusion that the difficulties were least on
■ the thirty-second parallel; not that (hey were light.
, This conclusion was based upon the information
i possessed at that time. Subsequent explorations
[ have materially improved the location upon the
i route, as 1 shall pioceed to show, first describing
1 the section from the Rio Grande to the Pimas
| villages.
; The office examination says:
; "After aseendim; from tile bottom land- of the Itio Grande,
| in traver-mg the teuton examined by Lientennrit I'arko be-
tween thc.-e two ) ivi;r.=, fiom ilmVi Ana to the Pima" vil-
one appeals to be traveling on a fireat plain, mter-
iifpted memilaily and confused!) by b.ue, iu««('<1, abrupt,
i i-olated inounldin ma^efe, oi slant taiiiro^eomiiigiy, though
not in l-'aliiy. without system \VnLthn„' around the-o i*o-
1 laled or Inn mountainoi tew pa-.e- UuouL'h them,
! araiiioad maybe eon«ti ucteil with ea-> Riarte«. iixeept
[ through tin: mountain pa^<>?=, the uilace is ho^mootb a>: to
i jptjuile but little |>K'!>aia!ion to icee.ve the Miperstiuetilio
1 of a linhoail; and oven in tile two nio>t diliieult ol the
I p*;(V.'nere ill one <■;<-> - ee.ttiii'j oi a tansie! at the
I summit, near the suiiaee, m lock with heavy side euttlnsrs
i and high embankment foi tdiort dt-MncoK, and in the other
, a hhoit cut of feisty teet—nrobably through rocli—are pro-
| posed by Lieutenant Putko, to attain grades ol (orty-t>ix
feet and ninety feet per mile, or less by increasing distance,)
the natural slope of the ground may be u*ed for a railroad
for temporary purposes, and until the road itself can reduce
the cost of matenals and supplies to the lowest rates."
The resurvey by Lieutenant Parke shows that
these two most difficult passes may be avoided.
In relation to the supply of water upon this
part of the route the report of the Secretary says:
"The great difficulty experienced in crossing this dis-
trict is in the long distances over which no water is found
at certain seasons. The survey by Lieutenant Parke was
made during the dryest season of the year, and, irrespec-
tive of the springs found atinteimediate points, the whole
distance between the two rivers, Rio Grande and Gila, may
be divided into five spaces, varying from eighty to fifty-three
miles in length, at the termination of which large perma-
nent supplies of water are found at the most unfavorable
season of the year.
These spaces and points are—
From the Rio Grande to the Rio Mimbres    71 Miles.
From the Rio Mimbres to the stream of the Valle
de Sauz   72 "
From the Valle de Sauz to the San Pedro.. 80 "
From the San Pedro to Tuczon   53 "
From the Tuczon to the Gila     .79 "
Intermediate between these streams are perma-
nent springs; and the new survey has improved
the location in this respect. In his last report,
Lieutenant Parke states:
11 The supply of water upon the plateau is limited. Along
and near the proposed line it is found at the following local-
ities, and from these the working parties can be supplied :
at Neidc's spring, at the southwest corner of the basaltic
hills, east of Cooke's spring; Rio Mimbres; Agua Fi ia; Ojo
delaVacca; Ojodefnez; Valle del Suaz ; in the Puerto
del Dado; Oroton springs, at the Plava de los Pimas; Cas-
tro spring, near the Railroad Pass under Mount Graham ;
Pheasant creek ; Antelope and Dove springs, at the base of
the Oahtro mountains ; and at Bear spring?, at the head of
the Aravavpa. The distances, in direct lines, from one of
these localities to another, are as follows:
From the Rio Grande to Neide's spring     40 Miles.
From Neide's spring to Cooke's spring 12 "
From Cooke's spring to Rio Mimbres 21 "
From Rio Membies to Agua Fiia 15 "
From Agua Fria to Ojo de la Vacca  6 ce
From Oio de la Vacca to Ojo de Inez 12 "
From Ojo de Inez to Valle del Sauz   .40 "
From Valle del Fauz to Puerto del Dado 23 "
From Pueito del Dado to Castro spring 30 "
From Puerto del Dado to Oroton spnngs 30 "
From Castro s-pi ing to Croton spungy 18 "
From Croton springs to Pheasant creek 32 "
From Pheasant creek to Antelope spring....... 3 "
From Antelope s-prmt,'to Dove spring  2,^ "
From Dove &puti«? to Beai spring 10 "
" On tlie San Pedro route water is abundant and conve-
nient, at Chameleon spung and Prospect creek, and in the
entire valley of the Ilio San Pedro. Besides these perma-
nent supplied, water is found, after the rams, on the playas
and in depressions in the drains,55
It has been argued, and I think successfully,
that if the road were built, it might be worked
from one supply of water to another; but that has
never satisfied my mind in relation to the difficulty
which presents itself in building the road. With-
out tanks or wells, I do not see how the road is
to be built, how working paities are to be sus-
tained, with the distances which are found upon
every route which has been surveyed.
The facilities for making; such artificial reser-
voirs upon this part of the thirty-second parallel
route, are thus favorably described by Lieutenant
Parke:
a For the working parties m the construction of the road
during the dry season, watercan he obtained tiom the sev-
eral abovenientioned permanent «omees of supply; but tins
will involve, of necessity, mueh hanlaue, the maxi.num dis-
tance being twenty-three miles. But I am cleaijv of the
opinion that water can be obtained at other points along
and nem the hue of construction bv'•nikingcommon wells.
These -plana formations are paiticnlailv favorable. Being
banin-shaped. thev receive and retain the drainage fiom the
suirounduig country, giving us natural rcj?eivoiis, which
require only to be tapped to give a constant and plentiful
supply."
I will next proceed to describe the section west
of the Pimas villages. The office examination
states:
" We have now reached the Gila, seven miles above the
i Pimas; villages, the elevation above tin: beu being one iliou-
i saud thiee hundred and *-my-five foot. Fiom thi« pmntto
its junction with the Coloiado, the valley of the uvei is
hiffhJy favorable to the construction of a raihoad. There
will be no neeesfity for embankment^ acum-t fie-het-. but
tuflingoceasional cutting and tilling ; and in tho.-e im-tam-es
where the lull> elo.-e in uponthe nver, theiu i.- ample space
for the load without heavy cutting The elevation af tho
mouth ot the nver being one h<uid<"i! and eight feet, and
the distance between the two pomt> two hundred and
: Hventy-threemih's, we have a geneiul slope ol five ami mx
' tenth* ft-et per mile, which, fiom the tavor J'b- chat actor of
t the giound, may be assumed a--- the grade oi the i o-kK
| ''Water and fuel, foi wcikmg panic?, are siiliie.orit,
' though no giass. Logs may be driven down thp Gila Iroiri
| the Mogoyan Mountains, at "its souice, horn the Pinal Ldenoi,
