008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Admini^ption himself. Whether this be true or
not, botn he and the Administration—and they
meant the same thing, at least, while the Lecomp-
ton question was pending — have gone down,
down, in public esteem, deeper than plummet ever
sounded.
The election in Illinois, where tli6 Administra-
tion received five thousand votes out of two hun-
dred and fifty thousand, may be considered just
about a fair test of the sentiment of the people of
the free States towards it. I venture to say to-
day that there are not ten thousand Administra-
tion Democrats in New England. I do not know
that there are half a dozen in the State of Massa-
chusetts, office-holders included. Where are its
supporters here? Who respects it? Who defends
it? Who stands by the recommendations of the
President? How is it in the other House ? Sir,
the Administration is as low in public confidence
as the administration of John Tyler ever was in
its weakest days, for that could rally a corporal's
guard of six members in the House of Represent-
atives, and I do no,t know that this Administration
can succeed now in doing even so much.
This President, condemned by the public judg-
mentof the country, unsupported in the Congress
of the United States, comes to the Congress, and
asks us to clothe him with imperial power. He
wants the privilege of sending the Army of the
Republic into Sonora and Chihuahua, into terri-
tory of a country with which we are at peace.
He wants the privilege of establishing fortifica-
tions and posts outside of the United States, in
Central America. He wants to be clothed with
power to go from here to Cape Horn, kicking and
cuffing every man that he chooses*, and then to
crown all, he wants us to place in his hands—in
the hands of a man condemned by the judgment of
his country—$30,000,000, to purchase an island
owned a hundred years before even the settlement
of Jamestown and Ply mouth, by a country where
public sentiment approaches unanimity, in dis-
daining to entertain the proposition at all. I do not
consider the question before us as one fur the pur-
chase of Cuba. The President wants §30,000,000;
and we arc told, too, by the Senator who intro-
duced the bill, that he expects to make something
out of it for the benefit of the Democratic party.
For one, I shall not clothe this President of the
United States—I would not clothe any President
of the United States, with any such powers. I
consider it anti-democratic, contrary to the genius
and spirit of our institutions. We should not
vote to place in the hands of anybody a power
like this; but above all, I would not place it in
the hands of the present Chief Magistrate, in
whom no considerable portion of the country has
any confidence, and for whom no portion of it
has any great regard.
Therefore, sii, believing that we ought to a3-
dress ourselves to the business of providing rev-
enue for tarrying on the Government, and also
of reducing the expenditures, which 1 regard as
of equal importance and necessity, for corruption
has flowed out of our great expenditures—1 say,
, sir, believing that we ought to address ourselves
immediately to the consideration of these ques-
tions, and of many other wise and just measures
thatare before us; especially that important meas-
ure, one of the wisest, in my judgment, that ever
was introduced into Congress, the homestead
bill, I am for laying aside this Cuba question
and taking up the homestead bill at this time,
which, if it shall become al&w, will do more to
improve the country than the acquisition of any
territory outside the limits of the present Union.
Believing that we ought to devote the remainder
of this session to the consideration of these meas-
ures, I say again that I shall vote against taking
up this Cuba bill. But whenever it does come
up, we are ready to meet it. We are ready to
meet it here, and we are ready to meet it before
the people, m any shape in which gentlemen
choose to present it.
Mr. PUG-H. Mr. President, it seems to me
very singular that the Senator from Wisconsin
and the Senator from Massachusetts should have
pursued this course. They deprecate the discus-
sion of the question, and then proceed to discuss
it. They deprecate the consumption of time, and
then proceed, each after the other, on the question
of taking up the bill, to go off on every other point,
to bring into the discussion every possible sub-
ject. The Senator from Massachusetts has fought
all his battles over again in political warfare here
and elsewhere, and the Senator from Wisconsin
has enlarged on the coming and still to come glo-
ries of the Republican party. I think they are
coming, and still to come; and along while coming,
in my judgment. However, I think these matters
had better be discussed elsewhere.
I am glad, too, to find the Senators so lively on
the subject of the public expenditures, and espe-
cially at this-short session*, when we reflect that this
body, and principally by the aid of votes on this
side of the Chamber, has passed a bill to give
away $5,000,000 of public money to pay a parcel
of claims that have been dead for the last fifty
years; and that they have just passed another bill
to give away the ripest and richest portion of the
public lands to the endowment of a few agricul-
tural colleges, or rather a pretense of it. I hope
thesegentlemen willshow their sincerity by letting
thediscussion end; letus take avote whether this
bill shall be considered. If the Senate will take it
up for consideration, I propose to address myself
at some convenient season to the subject. I am in
favor of the acquisition of Cuba; and I shall en-
deavor to show that it is our duty to consider it
at this session, as well as at any other session.
If the Senate will not take up the question, if they
think that other matters are more important, I
have nothing more to say; I shall reserve my
speech for some subsequent occasion. ' I do not
propose, at present, to discuss the merits of the
bill.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I only desire to say*a
word. I shall vote to take up this bill; but to
prevent any misapprehension from that vote, I
will say that I shall vote against the bill, believ-
ing that-it is to be wholly useless and worse than
useless—entirely impracticable, and worse than
that to attempt the acquisition of Cuba now. I am
not unfavorable to the acquisition of Cuba, but
entirely opposed to the policy prescribed by this
bill of making any attempt to purchase it now,
or by the means or at the price proposed. I shall
vote to take up the bill, however.
Mr. CLARK. Mr. President, I shall not vote
to take up this bill; neither can I agree with the
request of the Senator from Ohio, to let the vote
now be taken without saying anything further
upon the subject, because if I were to do so, per-
haps the vote that I might give might be liable to
some misconstruction; at least it would not give
to the Senate the reasons which induce me to vote
against taking up the measure.
For four years, Mr. President, we have been, in
this country, in a state of the most extraordinary
agitation. Four years ago the Administration
then in power proposed to repeal,and did repeal
by its efforts, the Missouri compromise. That
resulted in agitation in the country, especially in
Kansas; and the consequence was to bring the
Lecompton constitution here. The last session
of Congress was opened in this body, and the
session was continued to a very great extent, in
the discussion of that question. Before we got
through with that discussion, I thoughtthe fr&nds
of the measure began to be a little tired of it.
They turned around and said, " Why do you dis-
cuss, why do you agitate this matter; why are
you constantly agitating the country; why will
you not let the matter alone ?" Now we have the
opportunity of turning around and saying to these
gentlemen: " We did not commence this discus-
sion; we did not begin this, agitation; we did not
initiate this measure; but if you propose to carry
it on, as you have initiated it, we will carry it to
the end."
Now, I want to apply that same rule to the
question now before the Senate. Th$ gentlemen
on this side arc in the minority here; they are in
a minority in the country. They have no power
to initiate and carry a measure against the oppo-
sition of the other side; but the other side, the
party in power, the President at the head, initiates
and proposes this measure. He wants to force
its discussion upon the country. Very well, sir;
if he forces that discussion here, we shall have to
join in it; but no vote of mine can now be given
to take up thediscussion, because, if, before it gets
through, you say, "oh, do not agitate any more,,,
I desire the opportunity of saying to you, " I did
not commence it; 1 voted against it; if you choose
to commence it, and you get enough of it before
you are through with it, we shall not be to blame."
if, before the whole matter is ended, we strip
from the President and his supporters the flimsy
idea that they are going to prohibit the slave trade
by it, let him thank his friends and himself who
bring it here. If the majority, if the President
and his party, choose to have the remaining time
of the session taken up with this question, they
can do so; I shall give^them no vote to do it; but
when it is up, I may, and 1 shall, exercise my
right—no one will attempt to prevent me I am
sure—to join in that discussion; and if, when it
is commenced, we continue that discussion, I take
it we shall not be to blame.'
I do notagree to any arrangement between Sen-
ators that you shall have from twelve to one, or
from one to two o'clock, to discuss tht Cuba
question, and then have the rest of the day for
appropriation bills. I dq not agree to that. I do
not think you have quite the right, if you have the
power—and I doubt whether you have the power
—to cut off debate in that way. If I had the floor
and was discussing the Cuban question, and it
came up to two o'clock, I do not know that I
would yield for an appropriation bill, however
courteous I might feel to the chairman of the
Committee on Finance. I take it that, when the
discussion commences, it will go on; abd if he
finds his appropriation bills overslaughed by this
discussion, delayed, put off, he will not blame us.
We are ready now to go forward with his appro-
priation bills; we are ready to help him; we are
ready to turn our attention to all the just and ne-
cessary measures of the Government; to attend
to those measures first: and if, then, when we get
through them, we have time for this discussion,
we can take up this matter; or, Mr. President,
take it up now, if you choose; I shall vote against
it; I am ready to meet the discussion at any time
its friends may force it upon us. I can give no
vote, like my colleague, to bring it up. 1 do not
fear any efFect of my vote. I mean to refuse to
take it up; and if you take it up, and the fight
comes, you may set me down as in for it.
Mr. SIMMONS. Mr. President, I gave way,
about two hours ago, when I was intending to
address the Senate, at the suggestion of the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance that he wanted
to take up an appropriation bill; and I supposed
that was to come up, The Senator from Louis-
iana said he wanted to get 
Mr. SLIDELL. Will the Senator from Rhode
Island permit me to say one word? I do not
think there is any intention on this side of the
House to interfere with the discussion of the tariff
question to-morrow.
Mr. SIMMONS. But I do not know how to
discuss two questions at once. I have no doubt
other people do; but I want to take either this bill
up or keep it out of the way until I can answer
some strong arguments that I have heard to-day.
As to putting such a measure as this on the heels
of an appropriation bill, and making an appropri-
ation bill a pack-horse to carry through the great-
est filibustering scheme that ever was invented,
I have no idea of giving my vote for it; and I am
astonished that the Senator from Virginia, with
his usual tact and management to take care of the
appropriation bills, should permit such a sugges-
tion to divert him from his purpose of going on
with that detail matter that is tedious for every-
body to hear, but which everybody here is patri-
otically bound to attend to. J am willing to spend
my time in listening to all the suggestions about
appropriation bills, and cut down everywhere
where it it is reasonable; but when you come to
talk about putting a rider on it—I have heard of
starving majesty into compliance by putting riders
on supply bills, but I neverheard, in a republican
country, that you were to carry the Administra-
tion through with a schemc of annexation and
plunder on an appropriation bill. I cannot go
that. Nobody ought to be expected to stand here
and allow propositions of this immense import-
ance to be tacked to the civil and diplomatic bill,
as I believe it is. I do -not know that it is as
much as that; I do not know but that it is only a
consular bill.
Mr. HAMLIN. It is the consular and diplo-
matic biil.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am for paying consuls and
diplomatists, just as many as we ought to keep;
but I think we have too many, and that is one
place where I should like to see the doctrine of
retrenchment take effect. Consuls may do some
good, for they attend to some business; but mod-
