286
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 20,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Davis.
Senate.
and down the San Francisco and Salinas rivers, from the
pine forests on the former, and the mountains at the source
of the latter.
" But if may be found more economical to receive all the
supplies needed from the western portion of the road, either
from the San Bernardino Mountains and Pass, or from the
harbors of San Pedro or Diego, or, should it be found desir-
able to establish one, from the depot near the mouth ot the
Gtla."
Senators will perceive that I am here explain-
ing the basis on which I formed the opinion which
governs my vote in this case. I have no contro-
versy with anybody. I do not expect to satisfy
gentlemen that their routes are not as good as they
wish them; but I am dealing with the facts as they
are contained in the reports, to justify me in the
opinion which I have officially expressed, and on
which I am now acting in my proposition to grant
a given sum to make a railroad. I have not en-
countered all this labor in a mere spirit of con-
troversy.
(i The most favorable point for crossing the Colorado is at
the junction of the Gila, wheie the liver is narrowest, six
hundred and fifty feet wide, and has bluff?, on both banks.
" The direction that the road should take across the des-
ert intervening between it and the foot of the coast range
depends, in part, upon the position of the pass by which it
crosses this mountain chain. There ate two passes known
and explored. Warner's, the more southerly of the two,
will require five miles of excavation in granite and mica
slate for the full width of the road, the grades varying from
one hundred and thirty to one hundred and ninety feet per
mile.
"The distances from the mouth of the Gila, over the
deseit, to the entrance of this pass, is eighty miles; thence
to San Diego is one hundred and fifty miles. The San Gor-
gonio or San Bernardino Pass, on the contrary, is remark-
ably favorable. It i« an open valley, from two to five miles
wide, the surface smooth and unbroken, affording in its
lonn ami inclination every facility and no obstruction to
the building of a lailroad."
This plain, eighty miles in width, has been
treated as a desert jornado, although there are
springs and wells upon it, and the water of the
Colorado sometimes overflowing or rising in the
middle of the plain, forms what is called New
river. The plain is certainly deficient in water;
but it is evidently a delta formation, and not a
desert in the sense of being unproductive because
of its constituent elements. It is all of alluvial
formation, clearly once belonging to the Colo-
rado, and habitually overflowed by i(; but the
deposit on the banks of the stream, having enough
moisture and tenacity to catch the sand driven
upon it by the prevailing winds, at last became a
natural levee or baruer sufficient to restrain the
floods; and long drought tendered the alluvial
plain west of the river entirely sterile. Thus, I
am informed, it is now along the Rio Grande.
When the cultivation of a field laubandoned—left
but for a few years without irrigation—sterility
ensues, but it can be restored to fertility by again
supplying it with moisture.
The supply of timber upon this whole route is
deficient. The points where it may be obtained
aie thus stated in the office examination:
" Lot ih assume the most unfavorable ca<e for supplies
of ties and lumber ovo.i thai portion of the route between
the eastern limit ol ihe Llano G-taeado and the summit of
the: SanGoigomo Pa*:-, one thousand and fitty-two miles—
that is, they umr-t be brought from either end of the joid,
say thioe hundred miles from the eastern limit of the Llano
JG-.tac.ido, and from the port ot San Pedio on the Pacific,
one hundred mile  from the summit of the S3 an Gorsjonio
Pass, making the points of supply one thousand tour'hun-
dred nnh's apart; the greatest distance to which they mn.st
he transported fiom each end w, thereto) e, seven hunuied
miles by tiie load, the point of junction of supplies fiom the
east and west being about ono hundred and ten miles west
of the Rio Grande. Lumber can. undoubtedly, bepjoemed
m the Red rivei district for $30 per thousand feet. The
additional cost for ttam-poriauon to the Llano, tluec hun-
dred tnilp^ by the railroad, at thiee cents per ton p r mile,
(double the usual cost on eastern lailroads.) is and
its cost theie $4:ji perthousand feet; the cost per thousand '
feet for four hundred and fifty miles additional tran^porta-
tion is £30. and hence the cost perthousand feet at this ex-
treme point will be $03£. The mean cost over these four
hundred or four hundred and fittv mile* frmn the eastern
limit of the Llano E<tacado will be per thousand feet.
Fiom Fulton to the Llano it is unnecessary to estimate its
eon.
'-Lumber may be dehveied at San Pedro or Pan Diego,
fiom Oiegon, for $^0 per thousand feet. Abundance ot it
can bo got out fiom the San Bernaidiho and other mount-
ains near the line of the road at that co-t; and it mav be
n-turned, therefore, to be supplied at Pan Pedro or Vai. ,
Dicko at that puce, and at a mean eon ovei the toad (the :
road supplying if-eir, as it mu-t do, sections of forty or ntty
miles bein'j built tit a time) of $-56 pel thousand feet. j
4£ The worst c.ki1 having been dwciKsed. it temauis to be !
paid, that good ties and lumber can be obtained tioin the '
Guadalupe and Hueco mountains, from the head-waters of I
the Rio Mimbres, from the Pinal Lleno, Salinas river, and
head-waters of the San Francisco, and from the San Bei-
nardino mountains of the Sierra Nevada or Coan range,
which sources of supply may be found to materially obviate
the necessity of transporting lumber from the two ends of
the road.5'
In fine, it may be said that the route of the
thirty-second parallel, from the Mississippi river
to the Pacific ocean, is the shortest of those ex-
plored, its length being from one to four hundred
miles less than the shortest of the other routes; it
is likewise the shortest route to San Francisco,
being one hundred miles shorter than any other.
The vast uncultivable belt through which all the
routes must pass, is crossed by the route of the
thirty-second parallel where the width is least, its
length through this region being two hundred
miles shorter than upon any other line.
The mountain region on this route has the least
elevation, and the table lands preponderate to a
greater degree than on the other routes.
It is the most economical route; the estimated
cost to the Pacific being from eighteen to twenty
million dollars less than that of any other, and to
San Francisco $10,000,000 less; the cheapness of
construction being due to the great extent of plains
and table lands where the road-bed preparation
required is slight.
The mountain passes are open, and their natu-
ral slppes admit of temporary use without costly
preparation. The winters are so mild that no dif-
ficulties, impediments, or dangers from snow and
ice are to be apprehended, and this admits of the
use of steep grades, and greatly facilitates con-
struction.
On all the routes, unusual means must be re-
sorted to for supplies of water at the distances
common on railroads. The intervals between
the large permanent supplies on the route of the
thirty-second parallel, are not too great for the
working of a railroad, but additional supplies at
shorter distances, may be collected by tanks or
wells.
In the uncultivable belt that separates the Mis-
sissippi valley from the Pacific slope, occasional
areas of arable soil are to be found. The route
of the thirty-second parallel is neither less favor-
ably situated in this respect, nor in mineral
wealth, than those in other latitudes, nor is the
supply of building materials and timber materially
less on this route than on the others, excepting
an interior portion of the route near the forty-
ninth parallel.
In confirmation of the opinion expressed in the
Secretary's report upon the comparative advant-
ages of the thirty-fifth and thirty-second parallel
routes, I wish to refer to the testimony of a civil
engineer who has traveled over both, and looked
at them with a view to the construction of a rail-
road—Mr. Albert H. Campbell. He was first
connected with Captain Whipple's party for ex-
ploring the route near the thirty-fifth parallel; sub-
sequently with that of Lieutenant Parks when
reexamining1 the route near the thirty-sccond par-
allel. I intend to read from a letter which I find
addressed by him to the Hon. Guy M. Bryan, of
Texas, in relation to the Pacific railroad, published
in 1858. On the first page, he sets forth his total
indifference as to which of the two routes may be
selected, and the absence of any pecuniary motive
to influence him in one way or the other. He
says:
" I have no pecuniary or landed interest in the El Paso
route, and consequently have no motive for my p.ctereuce,
except an honest conviction, deiived from personal obser
vation, that it is emphatically the most piacticable, cheap-
est, and i-hoitest route between the Mississippi rivwr and
the Pacific ocean ; and the countiy tmough which it pa>s.es,
as a whole, will compare fivoiahiy with any other jouteni
agricultural and pastoral iesourees, and m mineral wedith,
and that it is the only loute that can bo successfully vvoiked
dining the eutne yeai/' + + y + ^ +
" Tin practicable to construct a railroad aiong the Albu-
querque route, as reported in Captain Whipple, but 1 main-
t un, and I am willing to leave it to the decision ot the ablest
impartial railroad engineer m the country, that it cannot be
done without an immense outlay ot treasure in preparing a
load-bed, and cxceodmg, by at lea-atwent) -five per cent ,
the cost of constructing a loud of equal length over the
tlmty second parallel.'5
Of the climate, he says:
" In repaid to the climate of winter on the Albuquerque
route, f am satisfied that it will be found too cold to vvoik
a raihoad >uece-,s.fully for at least three, if not toui, months
of the year. The recorded experience of six winters at
Fort Defiance, only twenty mile* in latitude north of Camp-
bell's Pass, and about the same elevation (as I observed
when I went to that post m Novembei, ISoIi. tnrough
Campbell's Pass, though the Army Meteoioiocieal Register,
page 641, putb it down, or rather up. to <7,2(Ji>(/) teet5
above the level of the nea) must be taken as conclusive of
the fam of it being at times extremely cold.
v;At Albuquerque, according to the meteorological report
of the medical department of the United States- Army, the
maximum and minimum temperatures, respectively, were,
for the winter months of 1849 and 1850: m December.
53°, 5°, January, 49°, 12° below zero; February, 57°, 17°,
For 1850 and 1851 : in December, 52°, 5° below zero;
January, 57°, 8° ; February, 59°, 7°. For 1852 and 1853 :
m December, 65°, 21° ; January 65°, 19°; February, 66%
13°. For 1853 and 1854 : m December, 66°, 20°; January,
63°, 5° \ February, 67°, 15° ; and m December, 1855, 58°,
1<K
" At Fort Defiance, about twenty miles north of Camp-
bell's Pass in latitude, and from three to five hundred feet
higher, the maximum and minimum temperatures, respect-
ively, were : For the mouth of December, 1851,62', 4°;
eigh'een inches snow. For 1852 and 1853, m December,
50®, 2° ; January, 55°, 7° ; Fcbruar>, 56°, 6°. For L853and
1854, in December, 57°, 6° ; Januarv, 49°, 20° below zero ;
Febinary, 54°, 2°. For 1854 and 1855, December, 65°, 10°;
January, 59°, 17° below zeio; Febiuary, 61°, 13°. For 1855
and 1858. December. 55° 25° below zero ; Januaiy, 54°, 8'
below zero ; I-Vbruary, 51°, 3° below zero."
A great error has been committed in supposing
that, because the thirty-fifth parallel route is in
a southern latitude, it must be a warm country.
Temperature depends as much upon elevation as
upon latitude; and fertility results not from the
constituent elements of the soil alone, but from
the meteorological conditions of the atmosphere
also. Here is an elevation of seven thousand feet
above the sea, and a country of extreme aridity.
The air from the ocean deposits the moisture it
possessed, m passing over mountain ranges, be-
fore it reaches this plain. Over it broods a for-
bidding sterility, and across it the winter winds
sweep with a degree of cold scarcely less intense
than that found in any portion of our country.
At the close of this table, the writer says:
" The table above will give a fair idea of the climate of
the country. The winter of 1855-56 was moie severe than
any one known for many years. The wintry weather com-
menced on the lot of November, 1855, and has continued
up to the present time, (March 14, 1856.) The Rio Grande,
at Albuqiieuiue, wa< liozeu over, and with ice sufficiently
strong to bear a hoise and carreta. Those Indians who live
habitually to the north ot Foit Defiance, weie obliged to
abandon that poition of the countiy and move south, with
then flocks and herds, in quest of grazing, on account ot the
depth of hioiv, which, m the mountains, at whose base the
fort n situated, was over two feet in depth in Match, 1856."
— Coi respondencc, J.Leatherman, Jlsnstant Surgeon United,
States Jirmy ; Smithsonian Report, 1855, page 287.
Speaking of the immense exposure encountered
on this elevated plain in winter, Mr. Campbell
says:
" The imagination can readily picture the terrible calam-
ity which would inevitably befall n tram load of passengers
en route for the Pacific if an accident of a similar kind
should stop their progress midway upon one of those deso-
late aitemiMa districts between the Ojo de Galloandthe
Little Colorado, and between the valley of the Big Sandy
Fork and the sink of the Mohave, where no human habita-
tion can ever exist between the permanent water stations."
He treats of the supply of water in the same
manner as the authors of the official reports. He
notices the fact that Captain Marcy, having trav-
eled over the thirty-fifth, and then over the thirty-
second parallel route, testified in favor of the lat-
ter as an emigrant route. Citing the opinion of
Major Emory as to the route on the thirty-second
parallel, he says:
"In an allusion to the subject of a railroad, (on pas^ 51,
fir?t volume of Mexican Boundaiy Report.) he [Major Em-
oiy] emphatically declaies, of the advantage gained by the
la->i, or Gud&den ireaty, that it ' has s-ecured what the sur-
veys made under the orders of the War Department de-
monstrate to be the most feasable, if not the only practica-
ble, loute lor a railway to the Pacific.' "
The comparison instituted in the office when
the field-work of the various explorations was re-
ported, was to fulfill the requirements of Congress,
to find the most practicable and economical route
for a railroad from the Mississippi river to the
Pacific ocean. I am not engaged now in the in-
vestigation of that exact question, the piobletn
being merely that of crossing the Territories; but
as the practicability of effecting a connection be-
tween the Mississippi and Pacific may control in
any action of Congress, a table has been prepared
which presents, in a condensed form, tlie dis-
tances, and the comparative cost of each route
from the Mississippi river to the Pacifi" ocean.
Whether this estimated cost be too high or too
low, it is not for that purpose needful to inquue.
