1859.
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
287
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
The object was to approach as nearly as possible
to accuracy of comparison, not to give an abso-
lute statement of the cost. This is all that has
ever been claimed for the office estimates of cost;
and this is the reason why the estimates of chiefs
of parties have been modified so as to bring them
to the same comparative scale. I submit the table
to the Senate:
Table showing the lengths, comparative costs, &;c.,of the several routes explored for a railroad from the
Mississippi to the Pacific.
Routes.
Route near forty-seventh and forty-ninth parallels, from
St. Paul to Seattle 
Route near forty seventh and forty-ninth parallels, from
St. Paul to Vancouver 
Route near forty-first and forty-second parallels,from
Rock Island, via South Pass, to Renicia 
Route near thirty-eighth and thirty-ninth parallels, from
St. Louis, via Coo-che-to-pa and Tah-ee ^hay-pall
Passes, to San Francisco 
Route near thiity-eightli and thirty ninth parallels, fioin
St. Louis, via Coo-che-to-pa and Madelm Passes, to
Bemeia 
Route near thirty-fifth parallel, from Memphis to San
Francisco 
Route near thiity-fifth parallel, from Memphis to San
Pedro 
Route near thirty second paiajlei, fiom Gaines's Landing
to San Francisco, by coast route. 
Route near thirty-second parallel, from Gaines's Landing
to San I'edio 
Route near thirty-second parallel, from Gaines's Landing
to San Diego 
Distance by proposed rail-
road loute.
Sums of ascents and de-
scents.
Comparative cost of differ-
ent routes.
Number of miles of route
through arable land.
Number of miles of loute
through land generally un-
cultivable, arable soil being
found in small areas.
Altitude above the sea of the
highest point on the route.
Miles.
Feet.
Feet
1,9.35
18,054
$135,871,000
535
1,490
6,044
1,800
17,645
~ j
co
5
374
1,490
6,044
2,259
29,120*
122,770,000
809
1,400
8,373
2,335
49,985f
Impracticable.
865
1,-160
10,032
2,535
56,5l4f
Impracticable.
915
1,620
10,032
2,366
48,52 li
113,000,000
916
1,450
7,550
2,090
48,862J
99,000,000
690
1,400
7,550
2,174
38,200§
94,000,000
984
1,190
5,717
1,748
30,181$
72,000,000
558
1,190
5,717
1,683
33,454§
72,000,000
524
1,159
5,717
- The ascents and descents between Rock Island and Council Bluffs are not known, and therefore not included in
this sum.
■j The ascents and descents between St. Louis and Westport are not known, and therefore not included in this sum.
} The ascents and descents between Memphis and Fort Smith are not known, and therefore not included in this sum.
§ The ascents and descents between Gaines's Landing and Fulton aie not known, and therefore not included in
this sum.
In volume seven of the railroad reports, a table
■will be found with which this very generally cor-
responds, the difference being that some of the
surveys having commenced at interior points,
one, for instance, at Council Bluffs, and another
at Fort Smith, the estimates of the reports are
made from those points. Here they have been
extended to the Mississippi river. The table in
volume seven is also here modified by the suppo-
sition that the reported practicability of the Creur
d'Alene Pass is correct, and thus the total sum
estimated for the route near to the forty-ninth
parallel has been reduced. No additions have
been made for those difficulties which, m address-
ing the Senate, I have stated had come to my
knowledge since the preparation of my report, j
because information not derived from instru- |
mental survey is not accepted as the basis of
estimate.
I have only to add that, looking to the grant of
land and money with which Texas has endowed
her railroad company, and to the interest which
would be brought to bear for the extension of the
Texas road to the Rio Grande, by a company
formed to build a road from the Rio Grande to
the Colorado, I believe the sum of money, and the
grant of land contained in my substitute, although
the smallest proposed by any one, will secure the
construction of the road across that intermediate
territory; will insure the extension of the road of
Texas totheRioGrande;and that, having reached
the Colorado, California will charter a company
o extend it to San Diego, to San Pedro, or to
San Francisco. Most probably a company, if in-
corporated to build a railroad from Fort Yuma to j
San Francisco, would first connect with the ocean !
at San Pedro, and thus command a more prompt 1
return for their investment in the road than if
they awaited its final completion to San Fran-
I have endeavored, during the progress of this
debate, to ascertain how much of the land in the
valley of the Santa Clara and the Salinas might
inure to the benefit of a company undertaking to
build a road. It is all known to be of the highest
fertility, arid blessed with a climate not inferior
to any within the limits of the United States. If
it is possible for the company to obtain, near to
that line, even one half of the amount of land
proposed to be granted, I rely upon the accuracy
of Lieutenant Parke's estimates to establish the
fact that the road might be built there for the land
grant alone. Whenever California shall charier
a company to build this road within her own lim-
its, and that company shall ask Congress for a
grant of land to construct it, I cannot doubt that
the interest of the United States will warrant Con-
gress in making such a grant. Thus is reached
the conclusion that the Texas road will be drawn
on to make a junction with the road built in the
territory, and that the latter, when built to the
Colorado, will certainly be extended to the Pa-
cific. The eastern terminus of the Texas road
will be available to all the roads which ramify
throughout the United States, and be connected,
in a very short time, with every important point
from St. Paul to Galveston.
If the facts, which have been thus imperfectly
grouped and presented to the Senate, sustain the
conclusion that this result is to be attained by so
small a sum of money, it may reasonably be
claimed that all who desire the construction of a
road across the territory, with complete connec-
tions throughout the States, are bound to sustain
the proposition which I have submitted.
My position is, that the completion of this great
work is necessary to the due execution of the
functions of theOeneral Government; thatit will
not bo achieved by private capital alone; there-
fore, that we should strike off every shackle which
impedes its execution; should abandon the right
to collect duty on the iron employed; give the
whole limit of the United States from which to
select a route; extend every aid we can constitu-
tionally afford to insure the construction of a road
somewhere, be it where it may, so that it is on
the soil of the United States. If, by haggling over
petty sectional controversies; if, by sticking in
the bark and destroying the vital energy of the
Constitution, politicians shall defeat the efforts
which have been made from session to session,
shall piostrate the last hope for this road across
the continent, and thus unprepared, should we
become involved in a war with the great maritime
Powers of Europe, they may, when it is too late
to avert the disasteis which have been so often
foretold, have cause to pray for the mountains to
fall upon and cover them from public indignation;
to them may attach the blame, on us all may press
the shame and sorrow of having lost to the "coun-
try a territory worth innumerable treasure, of
having forfeited that the value of which cannot be
measured by money—the prestige of-stability,
progress, and invincibility, and the right to in-
scribe on our national shield equal to the pro-
tection of a continent-wide republic.
pacific railroad.
SPEECH OF HON. HENRY WILSON,
OF MASSACHUSETTS,
In the Senate, January 11, 1859.
[rkvised by himself.*]
The Senate having under consideration the bill to author
ize the President of the United States to contract for the
transportation of the mails, troops, seamen, munitions of
war, Army and Navy supplies, and all other Government
service, by railroad, from the Missouri river to San Fran-
cisco, in California—
Mr. WILSON said:
Mr. President: Before the acquisition of Cal-
ifornia, before the discovery of its golden treas-
ures had allured our countrymen to the Pacific
ocean, the idea was conceived of a railroad across
the continent, which should make our country a
way of transit between the nations of western
Europe and the teeming millions of eastern Asia.
Since the treaty of Gaudalupe Hidalgo gave us
the title deeds of that magnificent empire on the
shores of the Pacific, and since the discoveries of
gold have drawn to that portion of the globe the
eyes of mankind, the attention of the country—
of the public men of the country, and of the peo-
ple of the country—has been directed to the con-
struction of a railway from some point on the
Mississippi, or the Missouri, to the bay of San
Francisco. After years of discussion and inves-
tigation, the opinion of the people has been un-
mistakably pronounced in favor of the speedy
construction of this great national work—a work
which will carry population over the continent,
carry the light of Christian civilization to the
shores of the Pacific, develop the power and
wealth of the Republic, and bind together by tics
of interest, as well as affection, the people who
are hereafter to dwell on the Atlantic and Pacific
slopes of the Rocky Mountains.
But it is not my purpose, sir, to enter into the
general discussion of the considerations why we
should construct a Pacific railroad. The time for
such discussions in these Halls has passed away.
We are summoned now bo the consideration of
plans of detail and to act upon specific questions.
I conccive the only questions before the Senate
and the country now to be: over what route shall
this railroad be located? and how shall it be con-
structed? I propose to address myself to the
consideration of these two questions, which I con-
ceive to be the only practical questions before the
Congress of the United States.
The Senator from New York, [Mr. Seward,}
at the outset of his earnest, eloquent, and power-
ful appeal for the construction of a railroad across
the continent to the shores of the Pacific, said
that " it was only the Senators on this side of the
Rocky Mountains whorequired to be convinced;"
that "it was only on this side of the mountains
that the snow and ice of indifference and preju-
dice remained to be removed." There may be
Senators who require to be convinced; I am not
one of that number. There may be States where
the snow and ice of indifference and prejudice re-
main to be removed; Massachusetts is not one of
that number. Nor is it recent investigation that
has convinced me of the necessity of constructing
a railway to the Pacific.
More than twenty years ago, while California
was but a distant, and almost unknown, province
of the Mexican Republic, before the discovery of
its golden treasures had fixed on it the attention
of the commercial world, it was my good fortune
to listen to Mr. "Whitney, Ihe railroad pioneer, in
the capital of my native State, New Hampshire,
and hear him there unfold and develop his splen-
did scheme for the construction of a railway
* For the original report, see Cong. Globe, page 304.
