1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
909
ern diplomacy would bear a very large pruning,
in my judgment. What has this to do with a
consular bill ?
Mr. HUNTER. The Senator did not Under-
stand me as ever having said I would vote for it
on an appropriation bill. I said the reverse.
Mr. SIMMONS. What I am saying is that I
am not in the habit of helping the Senator, for I
never knew him need any help until this session.
He could stand up and drive off even the Senator
from California with his Pacific railroad bill, with
one of these appropriation bills; but now he gives
way for all these schemes. There is some new
impression made on people here. I do not under-
stand it. I have not been here long enough to see
why it is that these schemes, which nobody be-
lieves are going to pass, and nobody would vote
for if it was thought they would pass, should take
up the time of the Senate to the exclusion of the
appropriation bills, which everybody knows must
pass in some form. If they are large, they ought
to be cut down. I pledge myself to go in for rea-
sonable retrenchment; but 1 am not for retrench-
ment merely to get votes. I mean to carry on the
Government, and pay for it. Iam not the cham-
pion of retrenchment merely. I believe m econ-
omy, good management, good government, and
paying people fauly for what they do; and 1 do
not believe there is a majority in the Senate that
is to be led away by any doctrine about a great
revolution in the expenses of this Government. I
think we might save a great deal—save as much
as it used to cost to carry the Government through
an administration. We can save in a single year
more than General Washington spent in the first
term of his Administration. I have no doubt-of
that; but it must be a small sum compared with
what we waste.
As to tacking on this scheme as a rider to the
appropriation bill, I am astonished at the sug-
gestion. I do not want to waste my strength irt
debating the impropriety of such a thing. 1 do
not believe the Senator from Louisiana can se-
riously contemplate that the Senate of the United
States will attach a scheme of this magnitude to
a consular bill—a bill merely making appropria- j
tions for what wo owe to each consul and foreign :
minister. If I was in favor of that Senator's bill, j
1 should not want to lake this method to obtain j
it. I believe it is the very way to give offense to j
the just pride of an independent nation, to make j
an appiopi lation to buy what, by the unanimous 1
voice of their own legislature, they have declared !
they will not sell, it does not seem to me as if 1
people wanted it. I am a little covetous, and
own up to it. I do not want to disturb any na-
tion, though, in what it owns. If it can be got
with the assent of the people of the island and of
the Government that owns it, very well. I do
oot want any of this sly, under-ground work to
got it. As to the propiiety of the bill itself, it is
not drawn into question; it is only whether we
shall put it on an appropriation bill, or make it
embarrass this bill, or all other bills.
Mr. COLLAMER. The motion is not to put
it on the appropriation bill. The motion now is
to take it up.
Mr. SIMMONS. But to take it up, as I under-
stand, for the purpose of moving it as an amend-
ment to the appropriation bill. ["No, no."]
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator from Rhode
Island will permit me a moment.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have got through now.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SEWARD called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken resulted
—yeas 19, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. lkll, Brodenck, Cameron, Chandler,
CInik, Collamer, Dixon, Doolnthi, Durkco, F<r-«;nden,
Poof, U.imhn. Ilailan. King, tSuward, Shields, rinmnonts,
Wade, and Wilson—19.
ATA Yti—Me?>rs. Allen, Bayard,Benjamin. Biglcr,Brown,
Cht'ermt, Clay, Olin^iiian, Cnttetiden, Davis, Fitch, Fitz-
patrick, lion-ton. Hunter, Ivori-on, Johnson of Tennessee,
Jones Malloiy, Ma*-on, Polk, Pugh, Reid, Rice, SUdell,
and Vv\ud—23.
 So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now ask for the yeas and
nays on the question of taking up the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to say a word or
two. I was in hopes that gentlemen here who
support the Piesident of the (Jnitcd States m his
political views, were desirous of some reform in
the revenue laws of the country. He told us in
his annual message that he desired some change.
I cannot doubt his sincerity. I will not suppose
that he is playing the hypocrite before the coun-
try; because I cannot believe that a man who has
been so often and so highly honored as he has
been, would do so; butl am surprised to find that
the dominant party here, the majority of this
body, who belong to his, party, as they say, and
whom the country are led to believe are desirous
of supporting his measures, are unwilling to aid
him now, in that reform of the revenue system
which the country so much demands. A little while
ago, my colleague was outvoted in a caucus of the
Democratic party; and for the purpose of defend-
ing his course before the country, he came here
and offered a resolution in favor of a change in
the revenue laws. He occupied the whole of yes-
terday in giving his views to the country; and, as
far as I understood him, I think he did so ably.
To-day, another friend of the President takes a
different course. The gentleman from Georgia
says the revenue is sufficient for the proper ex-
penditures of the Government, and that the party
in power are wasting the money of the Govern-
ment, and therefore he intends to institute some
system of reform.
I am also for reform in the expenditures of this
Government. I think they have been shamefully
increased during this Administration. I think
there have not only been waste and extravagance,
but I fear there has been some corruption which
has carried money out of the Treasury; and I am
anxious that that should be investigated fully. I
rose merely to say that if the Senator from Geor-
gia, or any of the friends of the Administration,
will bring forward some mode of investigating
these matters, 1 will vote cheerfully with them,
as I will always cheerfully aid them in every
effort at reform which they may make; but I do
not believe they are serious in desiring reform,
when they seek to occupy the whole of the last
days of the session with debating a measure which
never can pass Congress at this session. If the
motion of the Senator from Louisiana is insisted
upon, to take up this question now, the whole of
the next eighteen days must be occupied with it,
to the exclusion of all the questions of revenue
and of reform. If this measure be taken up, there
can be no alteration of the tariff, and the respons-
ibility must be with the Administration. The
people of my State are deeply interested in the
revenue question. They may be sneered at, and
they may be told here that they are beggars. They
will not believe that they have ever begged from
anybody. They have come here to demand their
rights; and, as their representative,! shall not
stand silent when they are taunted and sneered
at. I repeat again, if the Administration party
will bring forward any measure of reform, I shall
vote with them for it; and at the proper time, I
shall be willing; to take up this question of Cuba,
and have it discussed and debated fully; but I do
notihink this is the proper time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Lousiana to
postpone all prior orders, and proceed co the con-
sideration of the bill named by him. On this
question the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—y£as 28, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bavard, Benjamin, Bigler,Brown,
Chot-nuf, Clay, Clnigman, Crittenden, Davw, Douglas,
Fueh, Fitzpatrick, Cvvin, Houston, Hunter. Iverson, John-
son of Tennessee, Jones. Mallorv, Mason, Polk, Pugh,
lien], liiee, Shields, Slidell, and Ward—2ft.
NAYS—Mes«rs. Hiodenek, Cameron, Chandler, Clark,
Collamer, Dj*on. Doohttle, Lhtrkee, Fes«senden, Foot,
Hamlin, Harlan, King, Seward, Simmons, Wade, and Wil-
son—17.
So the motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 497) making appropriations
to facilitate the acquisition of the Island of Cuba
by negotiation.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is not expected that there
shall be any discussion this evening. By some
mistake, the proper copy of the bill was not
sent to the Printer. I believe it was in conse-
quence of the original bill having been lost. That
bill, in providing for the issue of bonds, declated
they should bear a rate of interest not exceeding
five per centum, payable semi-annually. The
original bill having been mislaid, the clerk of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, who had a
rough draught of it, in the hurry of coding for
the Printer, omitted to include those words; and I
now ask, by common consent, to amend the bill
in the thirty-seventh line in the second page,
after the words " or so much thereof as may be
requited for that purpose," by inserting "at a
rate of interest not exceeding five per centum per
annum, payable semi-annually. * I presume
there is no objection to that. It is merely to cor-
rect an error.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I find that the original bill is
exhausted. There has been a great demand for
it. I ask, therefore, the indulgence of the Senate
to move that the bill be again printed, with the
amendment, in order that it may be placed on the
tables of Senators. v
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to submit an
amendment which I propose to offer to the bill,
when it comes up for consideration, and to ask
that it also maybe printed, as a substitute for the
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
On the motion of Mr. F1TZPATRICK, the
Senate adjourned. *
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 9, 1859.
The House met at eleven o 'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. W. A. Harold.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
WILKES'S EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting a report from
the Secretary of the Navy, in compliance with
a resolution of the House of Representatives,
adopted on the 24th of January, requesting the
President of the United States to communicate to
the House the aggregate expenses, of whatsoever
nature, including the salaries, whether special or
by virtue of ofl5'';<u position in the Army or
Navy, or otherwise, on account of an appropri-
ation to publish a work known as Wilkes's Ex-
ploring Expedition; also, what number of copies
of said work have been ordered; how they have
been distributed; what number of persons are
now employed thereon; how long they have been
employed respectively; and the amount of the
appropriation now remaining undrawn; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
FOREIGN COMMERCE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting his annual report on foreign commerce
and the commercial changes of foreign nations,
for 1858; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
MILITIA OF THE UNITED STATES.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a return of the militia, their arms, accou-
terments, &c , for 1858; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
CONTINGENCIES OF THE WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting a statement of the expenditures from the
appropriations for contingencies of the "War De-
partment; which was laid on the table,and ordered
to be printed.
KANSAS LEGISLATURE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
joint resolutions of the Territorial Assembly of
Kansas asking the annexation of that part of Ne-
braska lying south of the Platte liver; which was
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
ordered to be printed.
COURT-HOUSE IN BALTIMORE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a reso-
lution of the House of Representatives of the 23d
of December, 1858, relating to the construction
of a court-house in the city of Baltimore.
