mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Mr. HARRIS. I propose to move a reference
of that report to the Committee of Ways and
Means; and I wish to say a few words to the.
House in connection with the report. I ask to
have the letter of the Secretary read. I do not like
to consume, needlessly, the time of the House, in
view of the appropriation bill now pending; but
this question involves an important point, and I
cannot present to the House what I desire to say
satisfactorily, either to the House or myself, un-
til I hear the grounds upon which the Secretary
of the Treasury has placed himself in this matter.
The letter of the Secretary of the Treasury was
read, as Tollows:
Treasure Departmfnt, February 7, ]859.
Sir: In answer to the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives of December 23, 1858, requiring " the Secretaiy
of the Treasury to communicate to this House whether he
has taken any and what action to carry out the provisions
of the act of Congress appropriating money toward the con-
struction of a United States court-house in the city of Bal-
timore," I would respectfully report: The accompanying
letter from the bureau of construction will give the reasons
lor not commencing the construction of the building imme-
diately after the passage of the law. Being delayed to the
period of the late revulsion, us commencement was post-
poned m common with all other public buildings under the
charge of this Departmenifhot previously contracted for.
The attention of Congress was called to this subject in
my first annual report of December 8,1857, in which I said:
" There are other public works ofless necessity which, for
a variety of causes, have not been commenced. A tempo-
rary postponement of them will violate no existing con-
tracts, will deprive no one of employment to which he is
authorized to look, will inflict no wrong upon any portion
of the people; but will enable the Government to realize its
means in advance of its expenditure of them, and, perhaps,
avoid the necessity of increasing the public debt. A sys-
tem of public economy, regardful ahke of the just claims of
the people and the protection of the treasure and the credit
of the Government, must command the approval of the coun-
try ; and it is upon such principles it is proposed to conduct
thcFinancial Department of the Government in the present
crisis."
The subject was again brought to the attention of Con-
gress in niy annual report of December 6,1858, in which 1
stated : " No new buildings have been begun since the ad-
journment of.Congress. In my last report, I called the
attention of Congress to the /act that, owing lo the con-
dition of the Treasury, the Department had postponed the
building of a portion of the public works authonzed by pre-
vious acts of Congress. To have commemced them at that
tune, or at any period since, would have required the bor-
rowing of the means to construct them. The silence of Con-
gress on the subject indicated their approval of that policy.
The condition of the Treasury, at present, is not more favor-
able for the construction of such buildings. At a time when
the necessities of the Government demand an increase of
taxation, I should not feel justified m recommending the
construction of such works as are not urgently demanded
for the public service. It will be for Congress to dccide,
in providing the necessary means for the next fiscal year,
whether or not they will impose an increased tax for such
a purpose."
1 have made these references to former reports, for the
purpose of showing not only the reasons for the action of
the Department, but also that tiiose reasons have been sub-
mitted to the consideration of Congress. Whilst my opin-
ions have been freely communicated to Congress against
the policy and necessity of constructing many ot these build-
ings, I have not, and shall not, set up my own judgment
against that of the law-making power; and however well
satisfied I may be that the construction of a public building
authorized by law is unnecessary, I should not feel at lib-
erty to disregard the requirement of the law, provided the
Department is supplied with the necessary means to carry it
out. Wheie, however, the law requires various things to be
done, and the means of the Government are inadequate to
the whole requirement, the Department chatged with its
execution is compelled to exercise a discretion in postpon-
ing such e.xpenditure as can be avoided with the least in-
jury to the public scrvicc. Acting upon this rule, I have
postponed the commfnecrnpnt of the various public build-
ings under the chaige of this Department, which had not
been undertaken pievious to the late revulsion.
If Congress should now direct that these buildings, or any
portion of them, be commenced and completed, without re-
gard to the available means of the Treasury, the Depart-
ment would not hesitate to carry out the direction, and look
to the future action of Congress to supply any deficiency
that might thereby be created in the Treasury. If, how-
ever, no additional legislation should be had on the subject,
I shall feel it to be my duty to act upon the rule already
adopted. In that event, these public buildings will be un-
dertaken as soon as the legislation of Congress shall provide
the Tieasury with the necessary means to meet these and
othei liabilities. Should therefore Congress, at its present
session, provide by law for thus supplying the wants of the
Treasury, I shall direct the commencement of these works
at as early a day thereafter as it can be done.
It is proper to add that there exists at present a different
state of things from what was the case at the adjournment
of the last session. The reaction which has already taken
place in the business and prosperity of the country, will
enable the Department to calculate with more confidence
upon its estimated receipts, than during a time of revulsion
and depression,
I am, very respectfully, IIOWELL COBB,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. James L. Ore,
Sjieaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr, HARRIS. X also ask to have read a letter
accompanying the communication of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury.
The letter was read, as follows:
Treasury Department, Office of Construction,
Washington, D. C-, February 7,1859.
Sir: Referring to the resolution (herewith inclosed) of
the House of Representatives, requesting you to communi-
cate any and what action has been taken to " carry out the
provisions of the act of Congress, appropriating money to-
ward the construction of a United States court-house in the
city of Baltimore," I have the honor to report:
That the act referred to in the resolution, (approved Au-
gust 18,1856,) appropnated the sum of $200,000 to " pro-
cure and pay for a site," " and to erect thereon a fire-proof
building for such purpose, on such plan as the President may
approve," &c. Under this act your predecessor, by the di-
rection of the President, conditionally purchased the prop-
erty known as the " Masonic Temple" in Baltimore, (and
a contiguous building,) and the title papers therefor were
duly prepared and submitted to thp attorney general. Diffi-
culties arising under their examination which rendered the
matter unsatisfactory to your predecessor, a consummation
of the purchase was delayed. Subsequently the parties
offering the " Masonic Temple" property, advanced their
demands from $50,000 to $65,000, when the purchase was
abandoned, and a new location sought.
A conditional purchase was afterwards made of the prop-
erty known as the " Presbyterian Church," under this act;
its title examined, found defective, and the papers returned
to the venders.
No other purchases have since been made. Various sites
have been offered, and their merits urged by the parties
desiring to sell, but no definite action has been had upon
their proposals.
I have the honor to be, very respectfullv, your obedient
servant, S. M. CLARK,
Chief Clerk.
Howell Cobis, Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. HARRIS. I will ask the attention of the
House no longer than is unavoidably necessary
to make a statement important, as I believe, to
the rights and interests of the people whom I
have the honor, in part, to represent, in relation
to this matter.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The House is now acting under
the operation of the previous question; and what
is done now, is done by general consent. The
Speaker asked the consent of the House to lay
before the House certain communications, for the
purpose of disposing of them. If debate grows
 p, it will be extended.
Mr. HARRIS. I have the floor by unanimous
consent. There was no objection to the Speaker
placing the communication before the House, and
that consent carried with it all the incidents.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Not for debate,
but for reference only. If I mistake not, the
Speaker stated that he desired the unanimous
consent to lay before the House certain executive
communications upon the Speaker's table. No
objection was made. Does that carry with it the
right of debate, and thus prevent the progress of
other business already before the House.'
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
consent of the House to present a paper necessa-
rily carries with it the right of disposing of the
paper.
Mr. HARRIS. I was about to say, when the
gentleman from Missouri interposed his point of
order, that this case is not only interesting to me
because it touches the peculiar interests oftithe
constituency I represent, but because it presents
itself in a very interesting aspect to me as a mem-
ber of this Congress; because it raises directly
before this House and the country the very grave
question as to the department of this Govern-
ment in which the law-making power resides.
The last Congress, in August, 1856, a'ppropriated
$200,000 for a specific purpose, and that law gives
direct and unmistakable instructions to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury as to the use of the appro-
priated money.
Now, sir, the reasons given by the Secretary of
the Treasury for not having executed that law,
are not satisfactory to my mind. He says that i
this property could not have been purchased as '
directed without borrowing money and increas-
ing the debt of the General Government. It is
well known to every gentleman upon this floor,
that when the last Congress adjourned it left in
the vaults of the Treasury some sixteen million
dollars of surplus revenue; and the reason as-
signed comes with a bad grace and very little force
from a Secretary of the Treasury who used
$5,000,000 of that surplus in the unnecessary re-
demption of outstanding Government securities at
sixteen and a half per cent, premium. I main-
tain, sir, that if there was money in the Treas-
ury, this $200,000 was appropriated instantly,
and has remained appropriated to this specific use
ever since, if the Secretary, as a matter of finance,
according to his somewhat peculiar judgment of
what constituted agood financial operation, chose
to expend $5,000,000 of that surplus in the pur-
chase, at a high premium, of these outstanding
securities, in preference to using it in execution
of existing laws, he ought not to tell us now that
he could not build this court-house because he
had no money with which to build it.
But, beyond that, another reason given by the
Secretary is disclosed in the letter of the head of
the construction bureau, that an effort was made
to execute the provisions of this'law immediately
after the adjournment of the Thirty-Fourth Con-
gress, but that the price of one of the sites offered
was advanced from ยง50,000 to $65,000. I" have
heard the facts connected with the offer of these
sites. In the case of the Masonic temple prop-
erty, the Government actually concluded a con-
tract, but that contract was suddenly repudiated
by the Department, with no sufficient reason as-
signed, and after one of the parties to the con-
tract, relying upon the good faith of the Govern-
ment, had gone to an expense of $30,000, which
he would not have otherwise expended. In the,
case of the other property alluded to in the letter
which has been read, the reason given for the fail-
ure to carry out the agreement of purchase is that
the title to it was defective. I have good ground
to believe, and I state, that the superintendent of
construction is mistaken in his facts. The title
to that property, I am assured, has not been de-
cided to be imperfect and invalid by any compe-
tent authority whatever, and that the parties who
offered that Presbyterian church property to the
Government, are fully competent to give a per-
fectly valid and good title to it, and that the
doubts about the title were suggested to the De-
partment by parties outside for sinister purposes.
But, Mr. Speaker, even if the reasons suggest-
ed applied to these two pieces of property, I state
to the House that several other pieces of property
have been offered to the Government, well located,
and about the title to which there was not, nor could
there be, any dispute. Indeed, at any time since
the adjournment of the Thirty-Fourth Congress,
the Treasury Department, if it had chosen to exe-
cute the law of Congress, could have had abund-
ant opportunity to do so, at from fifty to eighty
thousand dollars, which would have left from one
hundred and twenty to one hundred and iifty
thousand dollars for expenditure among the me-
chanics of Baftimore, and would have built us a
commodious and creditable court-house.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have no desire to raise,
in any unkind spirit, a controversy with the Sec-
retary of the Treasury; but I am not satisfied that
his Department, when Congress has afforded ac-
commodations for the convenience of the United
States courts in Baltimore,accommodations which
have been n'eeded ever since their establishment,
should deprive us of the benefits of that law hy
inaction, or in absolute defiance of the express
letter of the law. I am more struck with the fact,
that the Treasury Department has, in this in-
stance, overridden the law; because,in connection
with this court-house, there was an appropria-
tion in the same bill of $300,000, for the purchase
of a site and the construction of a post office in
the city of Baltimore. That law required that a
certain mode should be adopted in connection
with the selection of the site; it provided that the
Mayor of Baltimore should select a commissioner,
and the then President of the United States should
select a commissioner, and that they two, with
power to select an umpire, should choose a site.
Notwithstanding that, however, the President of
the United States deliberately trampled upon the
law; and, instead of giving to the city of Balti-
more the contemplated opportunity of expressing
its opinion against an obnoxious site; instea4 of
consulting their interests; instead of expending
one hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand
dollars in the construction of a new building, chose
to conclude a most objectionable arrangement, by
which only some sixty-five thousand dollars were
expended on patching up an old concern, and al-
lowed the balance of the $300,000 to go into the
hands of the parties interested in the speculation
for a small part only of a property which was
originally bought in open market, and in its en-
tirety, for about ninety-five thousand dojlars.
I am not anxious to excite or protract debate
upon this subject. What I want is this; I ask it
in all fairness: let us have a court-house accord-
