288
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
across the North American continent. Little as ]
was then known of thn interior of the country, or j
even of the region on the shores of the Pacific— ;
little aa was then known of the location, con- [
struction, and working of railways—it seemed to
me that a plan so grand, so comprehensive, so
national in its scope and character, would, at no
distant day, be an achieved result. And, sir,
during the past seven years, in seventeen of the
Siates of this Union, and before assembled thou-
sands, I have advocated the policy of the con-
struction of a railway from some point on the
Mississippi or Missouri, across the central re-
gions of the country, to the city of San Francisco.
I do not suppose that I shall be considered an
enemy of the project because I cannot give my
assent to a plan -which I think comes under the
head of that class of schemes characterized by
the Senator from New York as' - shams;" because
I cannot give my assent to a bill that, with all
respect to the committee which reported it, I
think should be entitled,An act to facilitate the
schemes of speculators m the public lands, and
secure to their use and benefit those portions of
the public domain, the proceeds of which should
be devoted to the construction of a railway to the
Pacific ocean." The zeal of new converts, how-
ever, is proverbial, and the Washington Union,
in its new-bom ardor for this project, seems in-
clined to hold us, who have been us steady and
persistent advocates, to a rigid account for our
lack of faith in the practicability of the bill now
under consideration.
But, sir, while the country is united in favor of
the construction of a Pacific railway, the people
are divided in regard to the location of the road.
That local interests and prejudices should divide
the people, will excite no surprise; but, in my
judgment, this division of public sentiment is due
"to a great extent to the conduct of the Govern-
ment in oiganizing and in carrying on the sur-
veys that have been ordered for a route for the
railway. Those sutveys were instituted 111 1853.
They were organized under the late Secretary of
War, now a member of the Senate; and we all
know that he earned into the Cabinet of President
Pierre a vehement and passionate devotion to
what is called southern rights, southern inteiesls,
and southern policy. No man can read the ei^ht
volumes of reports of surveys that have been
printed, without coming to the conclusion that
the summary, the deductions, and the arguments,
made by the Secretary of War, are not sustained
by the evidence published in tlio.se volumes. 1
think, and 1 believe the country entertains the
same opinion, that the great central route, and
also the northern route, have been belittled; that
the entire policy of the, last Administration, and
of the present Administration, has been to mag-
nify the route along the thirty-second parallel.
In the first phye, 1 think a great mistake was
made m the men who weie sent into the field to
make those surveys, as we call them We eill
them surveys, but they are not surveys; they en;
simply exploiations and reconnoissances. Tie-
Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlak,] tin1 other
day, asked why, with all this data before us, we
could not locate the road : Why, sir, there is no
evidence heie for us to locate the road upon. All
we can get from those volumes is some geneial
views of the country. I think that, with the offi-
cers of the Army, there should have been sent
some of those men who for aquai ter of a century
have been engaged m suiveymg, m locating, in
constructing, and in working the railroads of the
United States. There aie such gentlemen, whose
opinions, with us, as well as with the business
men and the capitalists of the country, would
outweigh those of a whole battalion of officers of
the Army, intelligent as we all know them to be,
and well fiited as we ail know they are tor their
appropriate duties.
Then, sir, this Administration took up the pol-
icy of the last, for the sake of magnifying that
desert route, now and hereafter to be known, J
trust, as the disunion route; and ill order to leach
San Francisco by the tint!_v-second parallel, the
present Postmaster General, without authority
ol law, has located along that parallel a mail route
at an annual expense of more than half a million
of dollars.
I have said that the Administration policy has
been to belittle the central and the northern routes;
to represent them as ir practicable; to lepresent
them as being in a condition unfitted for the loca-
tion of a road like this. Nov/, sir, the testimony
of the officers who have surveyed these lines-
little as those gentlemen are accustomed to the
location and construction of railways, little able
as they were to examine the subject, resolve it
into its component parts, and make up a sound
judgment, worthy the confidence of thecountry—
shows that the central route is a practicable one;
that the route by the Canadian, through Albu-
querque, across the Colorado, and thence through
the Tulare Valley, to San Francisco, is a practi-
cable route; and that the route from Lake Supe-
rior to Puget Sound is a practicable route.
Let me quote here, sir, the testimony of some
of the gentlemen who went over these routes.
GovernorSTEYENs, now the Delegate fivom Wash-
ington Territory, surveyed the northern route.
Those who know him, know him to he a gentle-
man of great intelligence, i hold in my hand an t
address recently delivered by him in the city of j
New York, before the American Geographical
and Statistical Society. He has examined that .
whole country, and lie says in legard to the tem-
perature:
i "Theiewere more cold days on the line of the Great
Trunk  aihoud, and of the roads m Minnesota, than on ibis j
noithern louie." j
[tefening to the impediments to be encountered ;
from snowy—and lie is a native of New England, j
' familiar with the snow storms of that region—lie j
, says: |
••Iflweie asked wheie I should expect the mo<tdiffi- |
culrv Horn miov\ hi the whule country, horn the Atlantic to |
the Pacific, 1 should say tin; iir>t ten nnic> tiom tile Atlantic
1 find, too, that in his report, as published, of j
the very highest portions of that louteamong the
Rocky Mountains, lie soys:
We find on the mute no de*ert; we find on the route
no ti emend oui miow-j ; we find the countiy thei e neatly ail
amble and adapted to grazing."
He says, further:
" hi my p.utte? crowed, in the depth of winter,
the Hole Pa-f«, llt'll Gale Puis, the fault: Bijckiont
and Ca'loiS Pas* ; and the greaiot depth 1 ex-
empt when diilted, was one loot
IIu states that the Indians, with their wives and
their eiind ron. U averse these passes at ail sen sons
of the year. ] have here, also, the rcpoit of Lieu-
tenant riaxton. lie say, wilting; on the 56th of
August, when near the summit of the Rooky
Mountains, between the head waters of the Co-
lumbia and Missouri:
Out route was Uonsr the Flathead rivei, through a fine,
open eoininy, with an abundance or line daibci upon tin;
lull1- back iroin the nvei T "• '' The sun
doe?. not slime upon a brttei spot of edith.
"• [ and that in> previous idea-- oi the Rocky Mountain
ransc weie. c-o iai*tV-. tint- section i- eoncraiied, cnliit !> ei-
loneuu*. hixtead oi a va>t pile ot r<>cK and mnnmain-. ,il-
nio*t impa-s.ihle, 1 lound a tin*1 eountt \. \\ ell wui<'ied by
!• treain-> ot clear cold \\ aiet, and i ntcr;-pel at u w ah meadows
eoviMid with iho iikni luvmiant gta^s
•• We cio*m d, to <i.i\, i he highe-t mountain in our tonte.
i! w a- one oi the Rock} M'mitutni ian e. and, I Uuuk, may
b° «w (>id<.d in the coiiM! uetx n of' a rmiUMd. It  va- lain-
in<i heavdv when we uo^cd tl. It i* eoveied to it* s-umimt
with a heavv uiowth oi titnbet " A ' *" "•
" bcptmihcf o.—Matched twenty-five mi!.'* nue svt*t,
nloiii.: ,'ho hanks- of the i5lackfoot F.nk rnyr, tinom/h n tna;r-
mneent comitty. fitted to support a numeiou.- pop.nation ot
<ivnizeu men. its bracing an anil gtaud mountain *eeiieiy
will <41\e in-piiat)on and em igy to the 1 mine uihabitantn ot
this mountain legion
>( Scj.temhi;, — Wemaiched thntv miles, ami are now
encamped on the la-.t dividing ndi'e « i the mountains. An-
foiue say* that ue s>ba!l teo to mouow tin; long looked-tnr
plain* or tne i. We pa~-ed ihumsh a legion ot the
^nic fine ehaiaetei a* that oi je.-te'd^v. but wnh moie
ttmbei and nunc jrame. 1 *aw unuidou-. huse, fine look-
ing elk, winch would have made a welcome addition to oui
slender vtnek o( piovision* ; but we did not succeed m
taking any.
k-Th< giass and innber aie as good a? can bo found anv-
i wheie. Ii i- contiaiv to all iny pieconcetved idea? ot the
Rocky Mountains;, to find bucli a countiy m then vety
heait.
! u Cio^ied the la-t dividing rid^e of the mountains, and
arc encamped on a btnull cieek upon the ea-teru *ule, one
of the head branches of the jMi-mhiii Tlie rid«,'e which
divides the watet^ tioumj> into the Atlantic nom tho-c
ti'Wvinc into the Paeitic. at the place \\ in;i e we cio.-sed. )s
but a hi'jh lull; and it i- not ino«.e than a mi!.1, m a t-nai«:ht
line, between the somee* of the t'e-lmnh.a and the Mi--
v-oui! Xi-Mne ft'( in-, to have intended it tor one or tne,
picat hii'iua>o aero*s the eminent. We Mopped a: d
took a p.tit ng ula*s ot the cieai, pine water of tae L'olum-
hia. and. in a lew uiouient-s, pledged tite t(ia-t hom the
vtre.,m wtuwe waters flow to mingle vvitn the Calf ot Mev-
' ico. Tiie view from the summit of the pa^ i* grand and
beautnul— the Atlantic and Pacific blopes of the mountain's
*pieading out on either tide, and embiacmg on this hill of
union a-s well a^ of &epaiatton.
'■The mountains at this point offer no obstacle to the
constiuct'on of a railroad fiom thi> place to the Flathead
viH.iue. With the exception of one mountain, easily to be
avoided, a finer region tbtough which to build a road can
ii ow hei e be found. The va^t amount of umber and si on 6,
giamte and marble, will furnu-U an inexhaustible res>ouice
of materials for its construction."
It will be remembered that lieutenant Saxton
spent several months in traversing this country,
at the head of twenty-five men. He had no sick-
ness, lost no men, was only one night without
wood over the whole route. He saw Indians who
owned a thousand horses; he saw immense herds
of buffalo; he found the entire country, among
the very summits of the Rocky Mountains, adapt-
ed to agriculture and grazing, and containing some
of the most beautiful spots on the North Ameri-
; can continent. He says, in summing up:
I " Fiom as caieful a survey of the countiy throuch which
: r passed as the limited means at my disposal, and the rapid
: rate at winch I tiaveled, would admir, I give as the results
! of inv obseivations :
! " First. That from the mouth of the Walla-Walla uver
i fo Fort Benton no msurmounlable obstacle to the construc-
I tion ofa nulroad exists; and that the Jiiackfoot or Cadotte's
1 Pass is much the lowesi pass through the llocky Mountains
that has >et been discovered, and eminently fitted by nature
■ for tiie line of a laiiroad
t; Second. That the region is well watered, liclmn agri-
1 cultural and mineral resources, and abounding m tine tirn-
1 ber and all other materials nece*saty for the conduction
i ofa ladioad. it is destined, and at no veiydMant peiiod,
i to he occupied by a civdizeil and rueigetic population, ca-
, pable of making'roads loi them-elve^, independently of
tho--e which aie to torm the cieat lines of communication
between the eastern and western oceans."
Weil, sir, we all know that the country from
Lake Superior to Fort Benton is a beautiful and
a rich country; that it 3S a country where people
| can live, whore you con grow a people, and estab-
, lish the institutions that elevate and refine them.
' And heie we have the testimony of Lieutenant
i Saxton in regard to the country in the very heart
' of the Rocky Mountains. Passing beyond those
' mountains to Pnget Sound, all the evidence goes
. to show that the countiy is lich, well watered,
' veil wooded, with tinier enough around Puget
Sound to supply the civilized world for years. It
is a great commercial line. Any man who will
take the map, and look at the lakes and rivers,
and look at th° conformation of the country, will
come to the conclusion that it is the cheapest and
I best ioute across this continent.
II But it is said that the Butish Government in-
!' tends to build a railroad from Lake Superior to
!■ Vancouver's Island. Well, sir, I hope that it
lj will. I have no fear, no jealousy, of that Power,
'! which is rising up along our northern frontier,
i' from the Atlantic to the Pacific ocean. It is a
< gieat country, of three million square miles; it is
' owned, and paitially occupied, by a free people;
i and whether it is to be, as 1 trust it will be at some
I future day, a portion of our Union, or not, it is a
; portion of the world with which our intercourse
j must be great, both commercial and social. The
, subject has been brought up in the British Par-
!; liament. Mr Roebuck, in August last, called the
i attention of the Secretary for Colonial Affairs to
I the construction of tins iailway. The Secretary,
in response to that call, indicated that the British
I, Government hoped to make such a railway across
i the continent. Lord Bury, m a speech recently
; made at Toionto, says that, in all human pioba-
' bility,such a railway will be constructed by Great
Biitaih, and at this time there is, on this side of
the llocky Mountains, a corps of surveyor.3 on
that line. There is, at this time, at Victoria, a
II corps of surveyors from England, who, m the
spring, are to survey this line. It is said, also,
, that an attempt is being made to organize m Eng-
i land a company with a capital ot $50,000,()UU, to
j | continue the Giand Trunk i ail way across the con-
tinent. We connect with Canada by the road
! fiom Portland to Montreal, by the roads thioi'gh
:i Vermont at House's Point, at Ogdensburg, at
Niagara Falls, and at Detroit; and if they should
build a iailway—and if we do not, I hope they
' will—we shall tap that road, we shall be con-
' nected with that loadalon^ the whohj line to the
Pjcific ocean; and the benefits of it will accrue to
us os well ns to them. It excites no appiehen-
, sion, in my mind, that the Butish Government,
;j or the Canadian people, propose to construct such
!, a laiiroad.
