1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Wilson.'
• Senate.
Now, sir, I p&ss over the central route—the "re-
ports concerning it, of Fremont, Stansbury, Beck-
with, ami others, have long been familiar to the
country—and I proceed to examine the southern
route, the route down on the frontiers of Mexico,
the desert route, which we shall consider hence-
forth, after what has been avowed on this floor,
as the disunion route. An interested portion of
the public press is filled with glowing accounts of
Arizona, of its mines, of the wealth buried there,
of its agricultural resources; but every intelligent
man in America knows that, for a great distance
this side of El Paso, for one hundred and twen-
ty-five or one hundred and fifty miles, there is
one of the most barren and desolate spots on the
face of the globe—the Llano Estacado, or Staked
Plain. The Government has just expended
$100,000 to dig artesian well's there. None have
been attempted to be dug on the northern or cen-
tral routes. They are not needed on the north-
ern; you do not dig any on the central; butaway
down on this southern route, $100,000 has been
expended to find water; and Captain Pope has
abandoned the undertaking, having failed alto-
gether.
The country, from the'Pecos to E! Paso, is a
barren and worthless country, without wood, and
without water fit for the use of man or of beast;
and the country from the frontier of Texas, from
El Paso for three hundred and fifty orthree hun-
dred and sixty miles to the Gila, and then from
the Gila over two hundred miles to the Colorado,
and from the Colorado two hundred and seven-
teen miles to San Diego, a distance of nearly eight
hundred miles altogether, is a sterile and barren
country, over which, in the words of Professor
Henry, " sterility reigns supreme." Lieutenant
Whipple says of the country on the river Pecos,
in Texas—this beautiful, rich land, full of fertil-
ity and beauty, if we are to rely on what is now
stated—Lieutenant Whipple, one of your own
officers, says the valley between the Pecos and
the Rio Grande, "for hundreds of miles, is a
blank and dreary waste, with scarcely a, shrub to
relieve the eye of the traveler."
This is over the Staked Plain, over which this
southern railroad has to pass to reach El Paso.
You have spent $100,000 to get water there; you
have dug six or eight hundred feet deep, and you
cannot get it. That is a fine country to build a
railroad over! That is the route which has been
lauded to the skies; while the rich and fertile re-
gions over the northernand the central routes have
been under-valued altogether. I do not certify to
the truth of this extract; but a correspondent of
the Cincinnati Times, writing from El Paso, in
alluding to the breaking up of Captain Pope's
artesian-well expedition,and the consequent sale
of public property, says:
"Amongst other things, are three hundred horses and
mules with not a sign of hail on them from head to tail,
caused by drinking the water of the Pecos, the best that
can be had m that'viemity."
Beautiful land this, to run a railroad through !
Fine land for agricultural purposes! fine country
for the European races, and for free institutions!
It is a country that will never be settled to any
considerable extent until we are as much crowded
for room as they are in China, or unless gold shall
be discovered there.
Of the country beyond El Paso, and from there
to the Colorado, along the banks of the Gila, I
now propose to give the testimony of some offi-
cers of the Army who have passed over it. Major
Emory, in his Mexican boundary survey, says:
441 think I am safe in &tatmg that, as a general rule,
throughout this vast region, corn, cotton, and vegetables,
cannot be produced without irrigation ; and, furthermore,
the limits of the ground which can be brought under the
effects of irrigation are very circumscribed."
You cannotraise these crops without irrigation,
and the bounds are very cireumscribed—very, in-
deed, I should think. In 1846, Major Emory
passed, with General Kearny and his military
force, across that portion of the continent; and he
said then of the country, at the point where the
San Pedro joins the Gila:
" In one spot only we found a few bunches of grass.
More than four fifths of the plain was desurute of vegeta-
tion. The soil, a light brown, loose, sandy earth, I sup-
posed contained something deleterious to vegetation."
Passing along that region, he says of it:
" We traveled till long after dark, and dropped down
New Sbp.ies,—No. 19.
into a dust hole. There was not a sprig of grass or a drop
of water, and during the whole night the mules "kept up a'
piteous cry for both,"
That is truly a fine country-for a great national
highway to the Pacific! He says" further: • -
" From information collected fronvthe Indians and others,
it appears that we shall meet with no more grass from this
spot to the settlementj estimated to be three hundred miles
distant."
In speaking of the long route over which he had
passed, he says:
" In no part of this vast tract can the rains from heaven
be relied on (to any extent) for the cultivation of the soil.
The earth is destitute of trees, and inagreat part also'ofany
vegetation whatevei."
This is the testimony of an intelligent officer,
selected to run your boundary with Mexico; and
this is the character he^gives of that country.
Lieutenant Parks, another officer, says of the
plain at the De Sauz, which is one hundred and
forty miles west of the Rio Grande: " Grass is
scarce and salty."
Of the San Pedro valley, two hundred and
thirty-two miles west of El Paso, he says it is—
*'A dry, parched-looking plain, bounded on the east by a
low, bare ridge. The banks are devoid of timber, or any
sign indicating the course or even existence of a stream to
any observer but a shoit distauee removed."
He characterizes the whole country as being
" the perfection of sterility." And remember, sir,
that this is the character of Hundreds of miles over
which this southern road is to be forced. Mr.
John R. B&rtlelt, employed at one time as bound-
ary commissioner, says:
" The valley of the San Pedro river, near our camp, was
anything but luxuriant. It consists of a loam, which, if ir-
rigated, might be productive; hut as its banks are not less
than eight or ten teet high, irrigation is impracticable, ex-
cept by digging a canal a very long distance."
Lieutenant Michler, one of the gentlemen at-
tached to the boundary commission, who went
over the whole of this' route, crossed, in twenty-
three days, from San Diego to Fort Yuma, a dis-
tance of two hundred and seventeen miles, and he
says:"
" We passed over mountains and deserts. This road is
the most difficult I have ever traveled for heavily-loaded
wagons."
Speaking of the plain of the Gila and the Col-
orado, he says:
" The plain is a perfect desert, marked by an entire ab-
sence of water, and destitute of vegetation, save some few
sickly plants." * * * * "This country is
truly a desolate region."
A desert region of more than two hundred miles
on the river Gila, that, if we are to believe what is
recently reported throughout the country, ought to
equal the valleys of the Rhine or the Rhone in
fertility! Lieutenant Michler says of the climate
of this region:
" The climate of this region is in accordance with every-
thing else relating to it.
" Having returned the following August to Fort Yuma,
the thermometer, in the shade, at the post, was found to be
116" Farenheit, and over 120° m the shade along the river "
One hundred and twenty degrees ! Mr. Blod-
gett says,in his work on Climatology, (page 91,)
that:
" At Fort Yuma the mean for the year is 73° 5', and that
for the warmest month 93°—measures only equaled in the
lowest basins and valleys of Arabia."
He further says:
" There are intensely-heated districts, like the desert at
Fort Yuma, where the heat alone is stifling from mere ex-
cess, though the air is intensely arid."
Fine country for the people of this Union and
of Europe to live in and cultivate; a region with-
out water, without grass, without wood, with the
thermometer up to 120O in the shade ! I do not
understand where they find the shade. Again,
Lieutenant Michler says:
" The heat, commencing to be excessive in May, becomes
almost unendurable in the months of June, July, and Au-
gust ; even in winter, the sun is so hot, and the direct as
well as the reflected light upon the sand-plain so dazzling,
that, excepting a couple of hours afier daybreak, and an
Itoui before sutiset, it is only possible to see objects through
the bc-t instrumental telescopes in the most distorted
shapes, a thin, white pole appearing as a tall column of the
whitest fleece."
I think this reflected light, which dazzles the
eye, by which you cannot see things except in
distorted shapes, even with a telescope, by which
a white pole becomes a tall white column, ex-
plains why certain gentlemen have recently had
such visions of the beauty and fertility of that
region.; J
the matter
reflected light will not so distort the vision, of the
Senate a? -to ,pervert-its jadjgiperit.-
Michler continues: " * - j 7 j 7" 7"
"In Augustwe were enabled t<> complete thatportioiiof
the work; and although.engaged upon'i^.during the wet
season, barely sufficient Wafer was.to be ba<3 foV our wants.;
The heat had become so great as1 to Compel usto^eratS
entirely with.signal fires by night."' * : . >
This is a great route to select for a railroad,'
where the gentlemen employed on the bouftdaty"
survey could only ^ork over portions of it
signal fir&s at night! Lieutenant Michler further,"
" Instead of storms of rain during the winter and spring,
they have those of dust and sand. The&'al-e caused by
high and strong winds sweeping over the desert plains,
coming principally from the northwest, raising and carry-
ing before them, like mist, clouds of pulverized sand and
dust. You can watch them in their progress as they ap-
proach for hours beforehand; and when they reach you,
the dust penetrates into every crevice,^the finest silk not
being-impervious to it. They last generally o day, some-
times three. The winds blow up quickly and violently,
and it is useless to attempt to work with nice instruments.
These dust storms were our great drawbacks, as it was im-
possible to see many feet distant, and then only at the mk
of being blinded. The gusts of wind which :produ<Se ihis
unpleasant effect in winter, are, in summer,? like the
simooms of the Sahara—they sweep over and scorch the
land, burning like the hot blasts of a furnace."
That would be a pleasant region.to run a train
of cars through! The Senator from Maine sug-
gests that it would be a fine country for way
business! ' 1 agree with him in that opinion.
Giving an account of his travels from Sonoyta to
Fort Yuma and back, in the middle of August,
18551, Lieutenant Michler says:
" It was the most dreary and tiresome X batfe'ever expe-
rienced. Imagination cannot picture a more dreary,Sterile
country, and we named it * Mai Pais.' The burnt limelike
appearance of the soil is ever before you ; the very stones
look like the scon® of a furnace. There is no grass,"and
but a sickly vegetation, more unpleasant to the sight than
the barren earth itself; scatce an animal to be seen, not
even the wolf or the hare, to attract the attention : and,
save the lizard and the horned frog, naught to give life and
animation to this region." • -
I have read to you, sir, from the report of Lieu-
tenant Saxton, where he spoke of the innumera-
ble herds of buffalo that range all over the "north-
ern region of the continent, qf elk, of deer, 6f
herds of cattle. Here is a country through which
it is proposed to construct a great national rail-
road—a highway between Europe ahd Asia—
where the lizard and the horned frog are the 'only
animals which enliven the scene and suggest the
existence of animated nature.
" The eye may watch in vain for the flight of a bird"—
I suppose the reason why birds do not fly there
is, because they could not live. They mustcarry
their provisions with them in their flight in that
neighborhood, and that would be rather a difficult
undertaking for them.
" The eye may watch in vain for the flight of a bird; to
add to all this, is the knowledge that there is not one drop
of water to-be depended upon from the Sonoyta to the Coi:
orado or Gila. All traces ol the road are sometime^erased
by the high winds sweeping the unstable soil before them $
but death has strewn a continuous line of bleached bones
and withered carcases of horses and cattle, as monuments
to mark the way."
This is the route that the last Administration and
the present Administration have done all in their
power to select; and they expended $10,000,000
to purchase a region like this; and they sent to
Asia and imported camels which could go ten days
without water; and I commend them for their sa-
gacity in that, for I think the camel is the only
animal fitted to travel in that country at all. They
have expended hundreds of thousands of dollars
to find water, and have failed; and then, to add to
all, have given a contract for more than half a
million dollars annually to carry the maiidown on
I that route in order that a railway may follow it.
Lieutenant Michler further says:
u The valley of tins part of the Gila is the same in appear-
ance as that of the Colorado; the soil seems to be more
sandy, and contains more alkaline matter; a white efflores-
cence covers nearly the whole surface. Little grass grows,
except in spots subject to overflow."
Professor Henry says of this country east of
the Colorado:
14 The entire district is bare of soil and vegetation, except
a variety of cactus. Over a greater portion of the northern
part of Sonora, and the southern part of New Mexico, ster-
ility reigns supreme.
' We hazard nothing in saying that the mountains, as a
