912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
Dowdel), Edmundson, Elliott, English, Foley, Garnett,
Gartrfill, Gilhs, Goode, Greenwood, Grpgg, Hopkins, Hous-
ton, Jacksoji, Jenkins, George VV. Jones, Lawrence,
Leteher, MacJay, McQueen, McBae, Samuel S. Marshall,
Mason, Miles, Milteon, Moore, Pendleton, Peyton, John S.
Phelps, Powell, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin, Russell, Scales,
Henry M. Shaw, Shorrer, Singleton, Samuel A. Smith,
William Smith, Stallworth, Stephens, Talbot, Miles Tay-
lor, Watkm*, VVhiteley, and Angustus R« Wright—67.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Adram, Anderson, Avery, Ben-
nett, Bingham, Blair, Bliss. Bowie, Branch, Brayton, Buf-
firiton, Burroughs, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Ezra Claik,
Horace F. Clark, Clawson, Clay, Clark B. Cochrane, Col-
lide, Comms, Covode, Ccagin., Curtis, Davis of Maryland,
Davis "of Mississippi, Davjs ef Massachusetts, Dawes, Dean,
Dick, buuinick, DodJ, Durfec, .Edie, Farnswortb, Flor-
ence, Foster, Gidding^, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin,
Granger, Lawrence W. Hall, Harlan, Hairis, flaskin, Hatch,
Hickman, Hill, Hodges. Hoiton, Howard, Owen Jones,
Keira, Kellogg, Kelsey, Kilgore, Knapp, John C. Kunlcel,
Landy. Leach, I'eidy, Letter, Lovejoy, Humphrey Mar-
shall, Matteson, Maynaid, Montgomery, Moigan, Morrill,
Edward Joy Morris. Isaac N. Mom?, Freeman II. Morse,
Oliver A. Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Olin, Palmer,
Parker, Pettit, Phillips, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purvianee,
Ricaud, Bobbins, Royce, Scott, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Jud-
son W. Sherman, Sickles, Robert Smith, Spinner, Stan-
ton, James A. Stewart. William Stewart, Tappan, Thayer,
Tompkins, Trippe, Underwood, Vance, Wade, Walbridge,
Waldion, Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Woodson, and
Worteudyke—118.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. SCOTT stated that he had been requested
to announce that Mr. Bishop had been called from
the city by important business.
Mr. AVERY stated that Mr. Wright, of Ten-
nessee, was absent on account of sickness in his
family,
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM and Mr. JEWETT
stated respectively that they would have voted in
the affirmative had they been in the Hall when
their names were called.
Mr. Harris's motion was then agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the motion was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KELSEY. I now demand the regular
order of business.
*
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular'order
of business was the consideration of the bill
making appropriations tor the legislative, execu-
tive, andjudicial expenses of the Governmentfor
the year ending the 30th June, 1860, with the
amendments thereto, reported by the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, and that
the pending question was on the second amend-
ment, which is as follows:
Strike out hnc sixty, as follows:
" For miscellaneous items, $00,000."
The amendment was notagreed to.
Third amendment:
Strike out all after ihn word "'compensation" m line
sixty one to the end of line sixty three, a a follows :
<v For compensation and mileage of members of the
House of Representatives and Delegates from Territories,
$1,219,000."
And insert in hf u thereof the following :
For compensation of members of the House of .Repre-
sentatives and Delegates liom the Territories, $1,019,000.
The question was taken; and the Chair an-
nounced that the amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I demand the yeas and nays.
[Cries of " Too late !"]
Mr. STANTON. It the Chair rules against
my right to call tlie yeas and nays, 1 shall move
to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. That consideration would
not influence the Chair. But the Chair supposes
that the call of the gentleman from Ohio was in
time. The Chair stated, " not a sufficient num-
in the opinion of the Chair," and immediately
announced that the amendment was lost, perhaps
notgivingbUulcient time to call the yeas and nays.
The Chair thinks it would be enforcing the rule
pretty rigidly not to allow the gentleman to make
the call.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, The amendment
will only create a deficiency for the next fiscal
year.
Mr. STANTON. It leaves the mileage to be
determined by the next Congress.
The SPEAKER. It strikes out the mileage,
and reduces the general sum $200,000, to cor-
respond With that change.
* The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 75; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Anderson, Andrews,
Barr, Bennett, Bingham, Bliss, Biaytori, Buffinton, Bur-
nett, Burns, Case, Caskie, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clark,
dawson, Cobb, Cocfcerill, Colfax, Comms, Covode, Cox,
Cragin, Burton Craig<3, Curry, Curtis, Davis of Indiana,
Davis of Massachusetts. Davis ot Iowa, Dawes,Dean, Dick,
Dodd, Dowdel!, Durfee, Edmundson, Farnsworth, Foley,
Garnett, GartreJl, Guldmgs, Gilman, Gilmer, Gooch, Goode,
Goodwin, Gianger. Grow, Lawrence W. Hall, Harlan,
Harris. Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, Jewett, Owen Jqnes,
Keim,Kelsey, Knapp, John C. Kunfcel, Lawrence, Letter,
Letcher, Mason, Matteson, Maynard, Miles, Miller, Millson,
Moore, Morgan, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Oliver A.
Morse, Mott, Murray, Nichols, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton,
Pettit, Peyton, William W. Phelps, Pike, Pottle, Purvianee,
Rcilly, Ricaud, Robhins, Ruffin, Scales; Henry M. Shaw,
Shorter, Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton, William Stewart,
Talbot, Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Trippe, Uhdei wood,
Vallcuidighaiii, Vance, Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwal-
ader C. Washburn, Worteudyke, and Augustus R. Wright
—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Arnold, Atkins, Avery, Barksdale, Bil-
linghurst, Blair, Bowie, Boyce, Branch, Cavanaugh, Chaf-
fee, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, Clark B. Cochrane,
John Cochrane, Corning, James Craig, Crawford, Davidson,
Davis of Maryland, Devvart, Dimmick* Edie, Elliott, Eng-
lish, Eustis, Florence, Gilhs, Greenwood, Gregg, Hickman,
Hill, Hodges, Horton, Howard, Jenkins, George W. Jones,
Kent, Kilgore, Leach, Leidy, Lovejoy, Maclay, McQueen,
McRae, Samuel S. Marshall, Montgomery, Isaac N. Morris,
Niblack, Olin, John S. Phelps, Phillips, Potter, Powell,
Reagan, Royce, Russell, Sandidge, Scott, Seward, Single-
ftm, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, William Smith, Ste-
phens, James A. Stewart, Miles Taylor, Walbridge, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Watkins, Wluteley, Wil-
son, and Woodson—75.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, not being within
the bar when his name was called, asked leave
to vote; but objection was made.
The result having been announced as above,
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays
on the latter motion, but subsequently withdrew
the demand.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Can I be per-
mitted to ask the Chair a question for informa-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. KELSEY. I object to everything out of
order. I want to get along with the business of
the House.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man to withdraw the motion to lay upon the
table, and let the vote be taken on the motion to
reconsider.
Mr. KEITT. I only wish to say a word 
The SPEAKER. Debate is objected to.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have no objection to com-
ply with the suggestion of the gentleman from
Missouri, and I withdraw the motion to lay upon
the tabic, leaving the vote to be taken on the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. PEYTON demanded tellers
Tellers were ordered. *
Mr. MILES demanded the yeas and nay&
Mr. STANTON moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
Mr. MILES withdrew the demand for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. DEWART demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. DEAN-demanded tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. My motion seems to be :
creating difficulty here, and delaying the action :
of the House; and, therefore, 1 withdraw it. \
Mr. DAWES. I renew it. I move to recon- j
eider the vote by which the amendment was 1
agreed to; and that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 77,
noes 45. -
Mr. DEWART demanded tellers. I
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Davis, of
Maryland, and Buffinton, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 82, noes 54.
So the motion to reconsider waaJaid upon the
table.
; Fourth amendment:
J Insert the following as a proviso to the clause making ap-
ptopnauons for the salaries of the officers of the House:
Provided, In no case shall any employe of the House re-
ceive less pay than that provided for in the general resolu-
tion of July 20, 1854, any resolution of the House to the
contrary notwithstanding ; and all sufch payments shall be
made m accordance with the law as it now exists.
Mr. REAGAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. REAGAN moved that the vote by which
the amendment was disagreed to be reconsidered;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Fifth amendment:
Insert as a proviso to the same clause the following:
Provided, That no officer or employ* of the House of Rep-
resentatives shall receive pay for the discharge of the duties
of two offices at the same time.
The amendment was agreed to.
Sixth amendment:
In lines ninety-two and ninety-three strike out the follow-
ing:
" For furniture, repairs, and boxes for members, $10,000."
Mr. CURRY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Chaffee
and Mc&ueen were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 74, noes 50.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Seventh amendment:
In lines ninety-five and ninety-six strike out the words
<e carriage and saddle horses," and reduce the appropriation
from $7,420 to $3,500; so that the paragraph will read:
For horses, $3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Eighth amendment:
In lines one hundred and three and one hundred and four
strike out" $5,890," and insert" $8,420;" so that the clause
will read:
For Capitol police, $8,420.
Mr. GREENWOOD. That is rendered neces-
sary because of the extra police authorized by the
Vice President, and the Speaker of this House. I
call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of
Missouri, and Morgan, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 58, noes 58—no quorum voting
Mr. PHILLIPS called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I suggest that we
have a recount by tellers.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, (at one o'clock,
p. m.) As there is no quorum present, I move the
House do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 7, noes 152.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I hope a recount
by tellers will take place.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I object, unless
it be in exact accordance with the rule.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There was no
quorum voting; and the tellers must resume their
places, without further action of the House.
The tellers resumed their places.
Mr. BONHAM. I learn that this increased ex-
penditure is made necessary by the enlargement
of the Capitol.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 71, noes 59.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved to recon-
siderthe vote by which the amendment was agreed
to; and also moved to lay the motion to recon-
sider upon the table. •
The latter motion was agreed to.
Ninth amendment:
Strike out the following clause :
"For binding twenty-tour copics of the Congressional
Globe and Appendix for each member and Delegate of the
fhat sessiqp ot the Tlnrty-Sixtn Congress, $13,939 20."
Mr. REAGAN called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. COBB called for tellers on the yeas and
nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boyce and
Chaffee were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes thirty-three, noes not counted.
*So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 91, noes 82; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anderson. Atkins, Avery, Bonham,
Boyce. Btanch, Burnett, Ezra Clark.Clay,Cobb, John Coch-
rane, Cockenll, Colfax, Corning, Burton Ciaige, Ctawford,
Curry, Davidson, Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi,
Dodd, Dowdeli, Edie, Edmumiron, Elliott, English, Foley,
