290
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad,—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
whole, ean be ofhttle value as the theater of civilized life,
in-the present state of general sciencc and practical agri-
culture."
I have before mc extracts from a letter written
by Edward E. Dunbar, formerly of California;
and I am told by the Senatorfrom California [Mr.
Brorertck] that he is a gentleman of intelligence
and character. He has written a series of letters
in the New York Times; and I quote from him.
He has spent three or four years m'that country,
passed over it, seen it, and says that during that
time he has known of something like two -hun-
dred murders and assassinations in that region.
The only consideration that casts doubt on Mr.
Dunbar's statement is, how so many people got
thereto be murdered and assassinated. He states,
also, the names of several gentlemen who have
attempted to cultivate the soil in that region, but
have been compelled to abandon the attempt. He
" That portion of Arizona, according to its present limits,
lying south of the river Gila, and west of the one hundred
and eleventh parallel, comprising nearly half the country
south of the Gila, does not contain a running stream orhv
ing spring of water. Several nomadic bands of Papago
Indians exist there by the water holes and well*-, which,
during a few months of the year—the season of showers!—
furnish them with a scanty supply; but they do not and
cannot cultivate.
" The Gila bottom, from the aforesaid parallel to the Col-
orado, a distance of little over two hundred miles, is very
uninteresting, and,lrom a variety of causes, cannot he made
available to any gieat extent for agricultural purposes."
■* * * * " The climate is excessively hot in
summer, and in the winter months strong and high winds,
which raise stifling clouds of sand, prevail. Gras-s is gen-
erally scaice and paor. That portion of territory piopo.*ed
to be included within the limits of Arizona, north of the
Gila, and west of the one hundred and eleventh parallel, is,
like the countiy south of the Gila, of which meniion has
been made, a dreary waste of deserts ami mountains, and
entiiely destitute of water. The eastern part of Anzona,
computing nearly one half of the entire Teriuory, may,
therefore, be oonsideied wholly unavailable foi agricuifuial
purposes, except, perhaps,some small sections on thenver
Gila."
Sir, I have quoted authorities enough to show
that, from the time you strike the Staked Plain
in Texas, across to the Pacific ocean—a distance
of nearly one thousand miles—there lies a coun-
try worthless for all purposes of agriculture. It
is sterile, hot, barren, and unfitted for the perma-
nent residence of any considerable poition of civ-
ilized society; and it is through this country that
it is proposed to carry the Pacific railroad. It is
through this country that the entire power of this
Government, since 1853, has been exerted, so far
as it has exerted any power at all, to force a rail-
way to the Pacific ocean.
Now, sir, I am in favor of constructing a rail-
road from the point indicated in this bill, between
the Big Sioux and the Kansas rivers, across the
* central regions of the continent, to the bay of San
Francisco. Starting between these two points, I
would not draw the lines too close. I would even
consent to have the route starting from there make
a deflection southward,strike the Canadian, and
go, by way of Albuquerque, across the Colorado
and through the Tulare valley to San Francisco,
if that is the best route. I believe, myself, that
the other is the best route; and I believe,further,
that-this location would accommodate the north,
the center of the country, and the South, with
the exception of theextienie South.
It is not surprising, Mr. President, that we
should divide upon this question; but, in all our
discussions heretofore, whatever may have been
the policy of different gentlemen, we have been
accustomed to regard the construction of a railway
to the Pacific as a work that would not only de-
velop the power and the strength of the country,
but also bind the people of the Atlantic and Pacific
coasts together in bonds of union. The distin-
guished Senatorfrom New York, [Mr. Seward,]
in particular, based his support of the project on
the fact that the construction of such a road would
insure the permanence of the Republic.
But, the other day, the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Iverson] came here with a carefully-pre-
pared and elaborate speech, committed to writing,
in which he opposed the construction of a railway
across the central region of the country, because
it would not be within a southern confederary
when thellnion should be dissolved. The Sena-
tor pictured to us the triumphs of the Republican
party in the northern States. He told us that those
triumphs had been triumphs over the national
Democracy; over the rights of the South; and that
they were not relieved even by the victory of
" Free-Soil Democracy" over " Abolitionized
Whigery," in the State of Illinois. The Sena-
tor told us that he thought the time had come
when the South must give up the Union or give
up slavery; and he said that, if the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Seward,] orany of his compeers
in this Chamber, or in the other House, or in the
country, who concur with his political opinions,
should beelectedPresidentin I860, the time would
have come for the dissolution of the Union; that
it would be a sufficient cause for the South to se-
cede.
This seemed to me to be very strange language
to be used in this Hall. Why, sir, only two days
before, our hearts beat with patriotic pride as we
listened to the words that came gushing from the
generous and patriotic Senator from Kentucky,
[Mr. Crittenden,] as we were bidding farewell
to the old Hail, when he told us that the Union
was the source of our present power and past
glory, and would be the source of our future great-
ness. We listened, also, to the words with which
the Vice President closed the eloquent and chaste
address, in which he expressed the hope that our
latest posterity would look upon the deliberations
of representativesofindependent, free, and united
States. We came into this Chamber and we lis-
tened to the man of God as he consecrated the
Hall, and invoked the blessing of Heaven upon
us, and upon the Union of these States; and ex-
pressed the hope that the banner of our country
would wave over a free and united people forever.
Two days after this, the Senator from Georgia
came into the Chamber to oppose the construc-
tion of a great national central railway, because
it would lie outside a southern confederacy. In
a speech, deliberately prepared beforehand, and
on the ground that if a majority of the people of
the United States clect a President in 1860, repre-
senting their political sentiments, as they have a
constitutional right to do, he announced that the
slaveholdmg South intended to dissolve the Union.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts allow me to interrupt him for a mo-
ment?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. IVERSON. The Senator does not state
my argument fairly. I have not said on this floor,
or anywhere else, that the South will dissolve
the Union because of the election of a northern
man to the Presidency. Sir, the South will do
no such thing. I am one of the last men who
would advocate or promote such a proposition.
Sir, the South did not talk about dissolving the
Union when Mr. Adams was elected President,
nor when General Harrison was elected Presi-
dent, nor when Mr. Van Buren was elected Pres-
ident, nor any other northern man. It is not be-
cause a man haih from the North,.that we object
to his election to the Presidency of the United
States; it is not because a man hails from the
North, if he be elected upon principles which are
general to the whole country; but it is because
you elect a man fro pa the North on a declaration
of war against the institution of slavery, that I
say the South will dissolve, and ought to dis-
solve, the Union, whenever such an event occurs.
!' I said, that whenever the North, a sectional ma-
jority of this country, elects a Presidentupon the
!; principles announced by the Senator from New
■' York in his Rochester speech, then the South
j, ought to dissolve, and I believe would dissolve,
j| the Union. Now, sir, let the Senator state me
:i fairly, and I have no objection to his replying to
ij my argument; but I shall hold him to the text,
[| and he must not depart from it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, if the Senator
jl had heard me through, he would have found that
ij I did not intend to misrepresent him, and did not
jl misrepresent him. I meant simply to say, and I
:| did say, that his threat of the dissolution of the
i! Union was, that if the people elected to the Pres-
idency, as they had a constitutional right to do,
i a man who held opinions against slavery exten-
li sion, the South would dissolve the Union. If
| they elect a northern man with southern princi-
; pies, or a northern man who would do what the
slave propagandists required him to do, I did not
suppose these gentlemen would threaten to secede.
So long as they can use that class of men, they
will stay in the Union and govern the country.
But the Senator did say that:
"The election of a nouhern President, upon a sectional
and anti-slavery issue, will be considered cau*e enough to
justify secession. Let the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward,] or any other man avowing the sentiments and
policy enunciated by him in his Rochester speech, be elected
President of the United States, and, in my opinion, there
are more than one of the southern States that would take
immediate steps towards separation."
He said, further, that his advice would be given
for such a separation. Well, now, sir, the Sen-
ator from Georgia, and-every other Senator here,
who has read the Rochester speech, or the other
speeches of the Senator from New York, knows
that that eminent Senator stands within the Con-
stitution and within the Union, and does not
propose to interfere with the constitutional rights
of any portion of the people orany section of the
Republic. The Senatorfrom Georgia,and every
other Senator here, knows that there is not in
this body, that there has never sat in the Senate
of the United States, a Senator whohas a record
more clear and explicit, in favor of a broad, com-
prehensive, and national policy, than the Senator
from New York. And if that Senator should be
elected President, or any of those Senators around
me who agree in the doctrines which he has
avowed concerning slavery, it will be, according
to the idea of the Senator from Georgia, a suffi-
cient cause for the dissolution of the Union I The
Senator said, further;
" It is because I believe that separation is not far distant;
because the signs of the times point too plainly to the early
triumph of the Abolitionists, and their complete possession-
and control of every department of the Fedeial Govern-
ment; and because I firmly believe that when such an
event occurs the Union will be dissolved, that I am unwill-
ing to vote so much land and so much money as this bill
proposes, to build a railroad to the Pacific, which, in my
judgment, will be created out&ide of a southern confeder-
acy, and will belong exclusively to the North."
Now, sir, I see no occasion to arraign the peo-
ple of the North as the Senator from Georgia has
done. Five years ago you repealed the prohibi-
tion of slavery over five hundred thousand square
miles where it had been prohibited. The people
of the North denounced your act. You opened
that territory, and proclaimed the doctrine of
squatter sovereignty. You won under it, no mat-
ter whether you believed in it or not. You invited
the people to go there and settle the question of
slavery for themselves. The people went there,
and they settled it. The people went for freedom.
A few of the managers undertook to cheat them
out of their rights. They manufactured a con-
stitution. Your own agents, Walker and Stan-
ton, denounced it as the creature of fraud and vio-
lence. The President knew it was a fraud, for
his own agents told him so; the country knew it
was a fraud; and yet we were compelled to spend
the last session of Congress in resisting the con-
summation of that great crime against the people
of Kansas. You sent that constitution back to
Kansas with a splendid bribe, and that poor peo-
ple nobly spurned your bribe. Not one sixth of
them voted for your constitution; more than five
sixths voted it down. We of the North have this
year simply been punishing the men who under-
took to sustain that fraud, and we have succeeded
to our hearts' content. Here we are to-day, rep-
resentatives ready to attend to the public busi-
ness; we have not thrust this question upon you.
The people of the North stand cool, calm, and
dispassionate; and while they have no disposition
to infringe upon the rights of anybody, they are
determined to maintain their own. Sir, since I
have been a member of this body, I have traveled
in a majority of the States, more than forty thou-
sand miles, and addressed tens of thousands of
people, and I never yet heard a member of the
Republican paity propose to exercise power that
is not clearly in the Constitution; to interfere
with the rights of any section of the country or
class of its population.
But the Senator from Georgia wants this road
to go south, that they may have it when they di-
vide the Union; and he has magnanimously offered
us a northern road, by which we may get to the
Pacific when they have left us. We should like
to have a northern road; but we arc willing to
give it up, so far as construction by this Govern-
ment is concerned, and we are willing to build a
central road, that will accommodate the North
and the South alike; for if any Senator will ex-
