914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
detained from the House by indisposition. In the
meantime, and for the last two or three weeks,
fmy entire time has been taken up by other mat-
ters; and I would be entirely unprepared, at this
time, to give the House any information upon
this subject. As a matter of courtesy, therefore,
to the gentleman from North Carolina, who was
directed to report this bill, and to myself, I ask
that the consideration of this bill be postponed
until this day week; and I submit that motion.
Mr. MORGAN. I object to any arrangement
of$hat kind.
The question was taken on the motion to post-
pane, and it was agreed to.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled, a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 38) in relation to the tobacco trade of the
United States with foreign nations; when the
Speaker signed the same.
BENEFICIARIES OF THE NAVAL ASYLUM.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts, from the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, reported back a bill (H.
R. JNo. 753) for the benefit of the beneficiaries of
the naval asylum; which was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
^ and, with the accompanying report,ordered to be
printed.
UNADJUSTED DIFFERENCES WITH SPAIN.
Mr. BRANCH, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back, with amendments, a
bill (H. R. No. 678) appropriating money to en-
able the President of the United States to settle
unadjusted diffeiences with the Government of
Spain, and for other purposes.
Mr. BRANCH. Is it in order to move to make
that bill a special order?
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Mr. GROW. I object.
Mr. BRANCH. The bill contains an appro-
priation, and it must go ,to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I make that
motion; and I desire to give notice, that at an
early day I shall move to suspend the rules to
take this bill out of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and ask the House
to put it upon its passage. I hope, in the mean
time, that gentlemen will discuss it in the Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and, with the
amendments, ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I give notice that
"when that bill is brought up, I shall move to
amend the same by striking out "purchase, "and
insert the word "take."
Mr. WILSON obtained the floor.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask the gentle-
man from Indiana to give way a moment, that
I may make some reports from the Committee of
Ways and Means—two of them appropriation
bills, and two reports of the committee upon Sen-
ate amendments ^appropriation bills.
Mr. WILSON. I will yield for that purpose.
MAIL STEAMER APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee of Ways
and Means a bill making appropriations for the
transportation of the United States mails by ocean
steamers, or otherwise, during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 18G0.
Mr. HOUSTON. Before that bill is received,
I desire to ask the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means whether it provides for any
services, except those which are now under con-
tract by Jaw ?
Mr. GARNETT. If it is in order, I objcctto
the reception of that bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I desire the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means to answer my
question.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, The report of the
bill has been objected to; and I will answer no
inquiry now.
Mr, HOUSTON. I presume I have the right
in advance of the objection, to make a point of
order, if there is anything in that bill not pro-
vided for by law, or by contract under law. It is
for that purpose I aak.the question, and if it is not
answered, I shall call for the reading of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The reception of the bill is
objected to, and that is the end of the matter.
Mr. HOUSTON. Suppose upon the gentle-
man's motion the House should determine to re-
ceive the biil: will it be too late to make the point
of order which I am entitled to make upon the8
presentation of a bill to the House?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. There is nothing
before the House, and I ask leave to report a
bill.
Mr. GARNETT. I will hear the reading of
the bill before I make my objection.
The SPEAKER, The matter is disposed of.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee of Ways and Means,
reported a bill making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the fiscal
year ending June 30,1860; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and ordered to
be printed.
INVALID PENSION BILL.
Mr. PX-IELPS, of Missouri, from the same
committee, reported back the Senate amendments
to the hill (H. R. No. 662) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States, for the year ending the 30th of
June, 1860; which were referred to th£ Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and,
with the report, ordered to be printed.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, from the same
committee, reported back the amendments of the
Senate to House bill (No. 6G4) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending June 30, 1860; which were referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
CAPTORS OF THE CALEDONIA.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to take up House biil (No. 218) for
the benefit of the captors of the British brig Cal-
edonia, in the war of 1812. The Senate madg an
amendment to the bill. The House disagreed to
it. The Senate insist on thatamendment. I move
now that the House further insist on its disagree-
ment, and that a committee of conference be ap-
pointed.
Mr. MORGAN, I object to all committees of
conference.
The question was taken; and Mr. Phillips's
motion was agreed to.
BENEFICIARIES OF THE NAVAL ASYLUM.
Mr. DAVIS, of Massachusetts. I move to re-
consider the vote by which House bill (No. 753)
for the benefit of the beneficialies of the Naval
Asylum was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I ask only
that the motion be entered.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED-ELECTION CASE.
Mr. WILSON. In pursuance of notice, I now
call up the Nebraska contestcd-election case, and
ask for the reading of the resolution which was
reported from the Committee of Elections.
The Clerk read the resolution as follows:
ResolveS, That Bird B. Chapman is the legally-elected
Delegate to theThntv-Fmh Congress, from the Territory of
Nebraska, and is entitled to his boat as such Delegate.
OREGON BILL.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I ask only for
a moment to announce that the call of committees
for reports has reached the Committee on Terri-
tories, and that the question of the Oregon bill
will be the one that will first come up during the
next morning hour. I want the House to know
this, that there may be a full attendance.
'NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION AGAIN.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, it is not the
fault of the Committee of Elections^ or of the
contestant that this case has not been heard and
decided before. It will be remembered, that at
the last session, the House authorized the sit-
ting Delegate to take evidence during the recess.
Heuce it could not have sooner been heard and
determined than the present time.
Now, sir, by reference to the report of the
committee, it will he seen that, the entire number
of votes cast was 3,251; of which the contestant
had 1,597, and the sitting delegate 1,654. But
there were other votes that were not allowed by
the territorial canvassers, cast both for the sitting
Delegate and the contestant, which the committee
think they were fairly entitled to. For instance
five votes were cast for Judge Ferguson, instead
of Fenner Ferguson. These were rejected by
the territorial canvassers. The committee have
added those five votes to the vote allowed for the
sitting Delegate, and they so added make his total
vote 1659.
Again, votes were cast for " Bird B. Chapman,
for Congress,''instead of, " for Congress, Bird B.
Chapman." These votes were rejected by the ter-
ritorial canvassers and allowed by the Committee
of Elections. In the Camming City precinct,
where the returns had not made to the county
clerk, ten votes were cast for the contestant which
were rejected because they were not returned
within the three days required by the laws of Ne-
braska. The committee believed that those votes
ought to be counted in favor of the contestant.
Why? Because there had not been, and is not now,
any contest in regard to these votes. They were
cast between the proper hours, and upon the proper
day. They werecastaccordingto law. They$vere
legal votes, and hence no informality or irregu-
larity of the returning officers should prevent
these votes fjrom being counted in favor of the
contestant. The committee, therefore, have, in
accordance with the precedents established in
Richards's case, Bard's case, Spauldingrs. Mead,
also Mallory vs. Merrill, (Contested-Election
Cases, pages 95, 116,117,159, and 229,) added to
the vote of contestant, making his vote 1,608.
I shall read from those authorities. They
clearlyjustify the committee in their action. First,
Richards's case, (page 95, of Contested-Election
Cases,) I find there that the committee decided the
very question now before us, and the House sus-
tained the report. I shall only read the abstract,
which is as follows:
" The icturn of voles, though not made within the time
required by the State law. are not on that account to be
rejected, provided the opportunity has been allowed the
State authorities to act upon them. But if they are sub-
stantially defective, unaccompanied by a list of the voters,
&c., they ought to be rejected."
Again: in the case of Bard, not only did the
committee decide that the mere fact that the re-
turns were not made within the time required by
the* law of Pennsylvania, did not vitiate to the
election or return, but they went further: they
called for and obtained the different county re-
turns oh which the district return was founded,
and the House sustained the committee. Here is
the report:
"Thatthe elections appear to have been regularly held
m the several counties composing the district, and that the
judges of the several districts in the respective counties
made up a return for each of the said counties, in the man-
ner and at the time prescribed by law.
"That the general election law directs! that one of the
judges of each of the counties composing the district shou'd
meet at a place called the Burnt Cabins, in the county of
Bedfuid, on the third Tuesday in October ensuing the elec-
tion, to estimate the votes mven m the sevetal counties,
and to return the person having the highest number of votes
in the entire district, as their Representative ; except there
should bo, at the time of holding the said election", any of
the militia of any of the said counties in the service of the
United States; and, in that ease, that the judges should
meet the loth of November ensuing the election.
"That, at the time of holding the elections, Bedford and
Huntington, two of the counties m the said district, had no
part of their miiitia in the service of the United States; and
the judges of tho^e two counties met at the Burnt Cabins
on liie third Tuesday in October, m order to make their dis-
trict return.
"That the county of Franklin had a part of their militia
m the service of the United States at that time, and the
judge from that county did not meet the other judges, m
consequence of which no return was madaoii thflt day.
" That, on the 15th of November, the judges of Bedford
and Franklin met tor the purpose of making a lettirn ; but
the judge of Huntington, as it is suggested, not being m-
iormed of the alteration of the law in that respect, i.uled to
attend, by which they were again prevented fiom making
a return ; that, on the 1st day of Mav hist, all the judges
met at the Burnt Cabins, and returned David Hard as having
the hignest number uf votes.
" That, in consequence of the informality of the said re-
turn, it being the IstofMay, instead of the loth of Novem-
ber, the committee have called for and obtained the several
county returns, on which the distuct icturn was founded,
and have made an estimate of the votes, as they appear
from those returns; which estimate is as follows:
" David Card, l.b08.
"James MeClam, 1,090.
" James Chambers, 519.
