292
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 11,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
the holders of millions are seeking opportunities
for investment; and yet the railroads in these
States, with all this land as security, in a portion
of the country that can he readily reached, re-
main unbuilt!. Many of those lines of railroad
are paralyzed and bankrupt. The Northwest has
no money to put into a Pacific railroad.
How is it with Maryland? Maryland has as
many railroads as she can take care of now, as
the Senators from that State will certify. - There
is-her great line that she has carried across the
Alleghanies to the Ohio. You can buy the stock
of that road for about sixty per cent.—a great
line, that carries more than a thousand passen-
gers-per mile, making no dividends.
• How is it in Virginia? They have embarked
in a splendid scheme of internal improvements.
I hope that they are to succeed, for 1 would glory
in their prosperity; but the government of Vir-
ginia will have to be well managed if it does not
get involved.
How is it South, in North Carolina ? Her rail-
roads are almost worthless. South Carolina has
already had to stop one of her great lines. Geor-
gia is prosperous, and I am glad she is so, but I
think she has enough to do to take care of her
own interests, and has no millions to sink in the
Rocky Mountain" passes.
Mr. TOOMBS. Not a dollar.
Mr. WILSON. Then we come to Kentucky
and Tennessee. The Kentucky roads are almost
worthless. The Tennessee roads are in process
of construction—'prosperous, I hope they will be;
but Tennessee has all she can do to carry out the
policy she has adopted. Missouri has already
oecome indebted about twenty-five million dollars
for railways. Two of her lines were unable, on
the 1st of January, to pay the interest on their
bonds, and fell back on the State government for
relief. There is not a spare dollar in Missouri
to invest in this road.
If you go, then, to New York, you will find that
the capitalists of that city now refuse to invest, to
any considerable extent, in railroads West, and
take land securities; though money, as I have
said -, is just now a drug in New York.
Go to Boston, and if there is any money in the
country to build this road, it will be found in New
York and Boston. In Massachusetts, we have
over one hundred million dollars invested in rail-
roads; about sixty-nine million dollars of that
sum in our own State; and of the rest, some is
down in Georgia, and a great deal of it is West,
in the Illinois Central, and the Michigan Central,
and the Michigan Southern, and other roads.
These outside investments do not pay very well.
I will say nothing about the Vermont Central,
and some other lines; but I say that their invest-
ments out of New England do not encourage out-
capitalists to put money into an undertaking of
this character. You cannot raise in the city of
Boston, or in the State of Massachusetts, money
under this bill to put into a Pacific railroad. The
effect of the bill, if you pass it, will be to squan-
der thirty or forty million dollars in value of good
land, from the Big Sioux to the frontiers of Texas;
or if the central route should be selected, from
Council Bluffs, or from some point up the Platte
river towards the Rocky Mountains, five or six
hundred miles of country over which you can
build a railroad as easily as you can lay it along
Pennsylvania avenue. These lands, the benefit of
which ought to carry the road through the Rocky
Mountains, and through the deserts, will be seized
by speculators, and the money of the Government
will be absorbed; and then, when the-Rocky
Mountains are reached, we must build the road
across them. As a measure to complete a road,
this bill is not worth the paper it is written upon.
I am ready to commence at once, as I proposed
in the amendment I have submitted, to put engi-
neers on the line, to make a survey, and locate
the road, and borrow $10,000,000 annually, at
five per cent., as can be done at a premium, and
go to work and build the road, setting apart the
country for one or two hundred miles on each
side of the route, the sales of the land within
which limits are to constitute a perpetual sinking
fund to pay the debt incurred in the construction.
1 will vote for such a bill as that, but with the idea
distinct in my mind, which I think I can demon- ;
strate, that every dollar put into a Pacific railroad i
by anybody, must be sunk. Nobody supposes
that a road can be built across these two thousand
miles cheaper than the average cost of the rail-
roads of the United States. You must commence
at the ends of the road; you must work into the
country from both ends; you must use your road
as you build it, to carry men and materials, for
you have no people in the interior; you cannot
approach the line by any flank movement.
This bill allows twelve years to build it in.
Suppose it be twelve years, twenty-five or thirty
millions must be consumed in interest, and sev-
eral millions must be lost in the wear of the road.
Now, I am ready to sink $150,000,000 to make
such a road, for I consider it a mere bagatelle; it
does not amount to anything to this great coun-
try . The building of the road, although the stock
will be worthless, will be worth to the country
pecuniarily hundreds of millions, to say nothing
of increased national strength and power. We
built a road at a cost of $80,000 a mile across the
State of Vermont—the Vermont Central—over
one hundred miles long, and it cost $8,000,000.
The stock and first bonds are worthless. The
road hardly pays its running expenses; and yet
the $8,000,000 sunk in it were not thrown away.
The r^oad added to Vermont and New England
millions of dollars more than it cost. I look upon
this Pacific railroad m the same light; and I would
be thankful, when we had builtit, if the road could
support itself; but I doubt it; and I think you will
have to pay a pretty high price for carrying your
munitions of war, your troops, and your mails,
over the line when completed.
But, sir, we were told the other day how many
passengers we were to have; and the Senator from
California told us there had been one hundred
thousand in some years between the Atlantic and
Pacific coasts. One hundred thousand for two
thousand miles would be fifty to the mile. Then
he said it might go up to two hundred and fifty
thousand, which would be one hundred and twen-
ty-five passengers to the mile. We have railroads
in New England that carry twenty thousand
through and way passengers to the mile yearly.
The average passengers over the Massachusetts
roads are eight thousand to the mile yearly, and
the roads divide four or five per cent.; they do not
earn more than five and a half per cent, over ex-
penses, and some of them are in debt. The East-
ern railroad carried one million three hundred
thousand passengers last year—twenty thousand
to the mile; but its stock can be bought to-day
for forty-six dollars, and it has not made a divi-
dend for several years; it is in debt, and it uses
its income to discharge the debt.
I have before me a report of the New York
roads, and I find that the New York Central road
carried last year five thousand passengers to the
mile; the Erie railroad two thousand; the Hud-
son River railroad ten thousand to the mile. The
Erie railroad, carrying its two thousand passen-
gers to the mile, cost about sixty thousand dollais
a mile; a little moie, perhaps, than the Pacific
railroad would cost, or about the same; and its
stock is worth about seventeen per cent. It
makes no dividend, yet carries two thousand pas-
sengers to the mile. The Hudson River railroad,
costing about eighty thousand dollars a mile, car-
ried ten thousand passengers to the mile; it made
no dividend last year; its stock can be bought to-
day for thirty per cent. Then the Illinois Cen-
tral, that great line of railway, carried last year
one thousand passengers to the mile,about seven
times as many per mile as is estimated over this
road, even by us warmest friends, who think a
road can be built out of the wild lands in the
Rocky Mountains. The Illinois Central road
made no dividend last year, and but for the grants
of land along its line, I think its stock would be
of little value.
The Southern Michigan railroad carried one
thousand five hundred passengers to the mile; and
the Senator from Michigan knows what its stock
is worth, and what dividends it makes. I tell
you, sir, that you may go into this examination;
you may take up the railroads of New England,
the West, the Central States, and of the South;
you may analyze their receipts, and you will find
that the roads generally carry from one thousand
to ten thousand through and way passengers to
the mile. Tke New Jersey Central carries over
I twenty thousand to the mile, and yet only makes
eight per cent, dividend. It takes population, it
I takes a travel of more than one hundred and
| twenty-five to the mile to support a railroad, un-
| less that road has valuable freights.
| The idea was sneered at the other day, that
| heavy- through freights could not be carried
across this continent by railroad. The whole
• idea that a heavy freighting business can be car-
1 ried over the road, is one of the most absurd and
; ridiculous that ever entered the minds of sensible
' men. Sir, suppose you wished to carry two
. thousand tons of freight from New York to San
; Francisco, and your road was constructed, what
j would it cost to transport it across the country;
1 and what would it cost to carry it around by way
of Cape Horn? 1 have examined the cost of
freight transportation in New England, over the
Worcester and the Western railroads, and it is
about four cents per ton a mile. I have here a
report of the New York Central road, and I find
that the charge there varies from two to five cents,
and averages nearly four cents, a ton I find that
on the Pennsylvania roads and the Western roads
the rate is about the same—four cents to the mile
per ton. I find that on the southern roads, where
they carry cotton and other articles that can afford
to pay high rates of freight, they charge four,
five, "and six cents a ton to the mile. The Read-
ing railroad, that carries coal, the article that can
be most cheaply transported, brings it for $1 90
per ton, ninety-eight miles, to Philadelphia.
Everybody who has been in that district knows
how easy it is to load their trains. The cars are
made to carry coal; yet this road charges two
cents a mile for such freight, and does not make
money at that.
Now, suppose we take the lowest rate that we
find charged in the United States—the rate of two
cents a ton per mile for carrying coal on the Read-
ing railroad; we will call it three thousand miles
from New York to San Francisco, across the con-
tinent. What will it cost to take two thousand
tons of freight across? You can ship it on board
a ship of two thousand tons and carry it to San
Francisco for twelve dollars a ton, or, in all
$24,000. You want to carry it across the country
at two cents a ton a mile. The cargo would be
carried by railroad for $120,000; around Cape
Horn for a fifth of that sum. This is at the rate
they carry coal on the Pennsylvania railroads. I
am inclined to think that $96,000 added to these
articles would be regarded as quite an addition,
even on the shores of the Pacific, and they would
prefer to wait the difference of ninety days be-
tween coming around on a clipper ship to going
across the continent. To take two thousand tons
of freight, you want ten trains, ten large engines
with twenty-five cars each, and eight tons to the
car,to steam it across the country. To carry two
thousand tons of freight at the lowest conceivable
rate, at only about fifty per cent, of what the rail-
roads generally charge, would involve a cost of
$120,000; while you can carry it for $24,000 by
ship; and freight by shipping has been lower than
it is now.
Do not tell me then, that you can carry heavy
freight three thousand miles by railroad in com-
petition with ships built in our time—clipper
ships, that sail almost as fast as a railroad freight
train travels ! It is utterly impossible. You will
carry what is needed in the interior of the coun-
try; you will carry what the immediate demands
of the people require; you will carry some fine
and costly fabrics, light, compact, and valuable.
These will go across the country both ways; but
' the idea that the great mass of freight will go, is
j ridiculous. We have paid in some years as high
j as $8,000,000 for freights to California. The
I proposition that all goods are to go to California
j by railroad cannot bear analysis for a moment.
{ There is not a practical railroad man in the coun-
try that does not know it.
I believe the construction of this railway across
the country to be a great national concern, and I
am ready to vote for it; but I do not want to vote
for it so as to deceive myself or anybody else. I
am willing to meet the question as it is; a great
enterprise on which you are to expend millions
of dollars. But if you want to sell it, it would be
like selling a fort that you had spent $10,000,000
upon—valuable to the country for defense, but
