1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
" Wheieupon, your committee are of opinion that David
Baid i-= entitled to Ins &«at in tins House.
" And. on the que-mon, Will the House agree to tbi<? re-
port ? it passed m the affirmative."
But again, sir, in the case of Spanieling vs. Mead:
by the law of the State of Greorgia, three or more
county magistrates were required to preside at <
the election in the several counties. They also i
were required to transmit by express to the Gov- 1
ernor of the State, within twenty days after the
closing of the poll at any election, the names of
tho candidates, the number and names of the
voters, with an account of the state of the poll.
That the Governor was required, within five days
after the expiration of said twenty days, to count
up the votes, issue his proclamation, and grant a
certificate to the persons having the highest num-
ber of votes, as Representatives in Congress.
In this case (Mead vs. Spauldmg) Mead had
the highest number of votes of those returned
within twenty days. The certificate issued to him.
After the twenty days expired, a sufficient num-
ber of votes were returned to have elected Spauld-
ing. The case was contested. The committee,
upon a full hearing, allowed the irregular votes
to the contestant.
Here is what they say in their report, which
the House approved:
" Upon the foiegomg statement offaets, as the Constitu-
tion has made this floiue the judge of the elections and
returns, as well as qualifications ot' its members; a? the
returns from the State authorities, therefore, are only prima
facie evidence ot an election, but not conclusive upon this
House; as theie is,in the present case, sansfactoiy pioor
that the vote? of the three counties in question, although
the returns thereof weie not transmitted to the Governor
in season to be considered by him, were originally good,
lawful, constitutional votes.having been given by qualified
voters, on the day, fit the places, and m the manner pre-
scribed byiaw; and as neither the voteis who gave them,
nor the candidates in whose favs>r tiiey were given, have
done, or omitted, anything on their part, to forfeit then re-
spective right, the committee aie of opinion that the-se votes
ought to be allowed, and, therefore, i tjcommend the follow-
ing resolution."
This is clear; this is explicit. It fully sustains
the committee in this case, in the addition of the
ten votes cast at the Cumming City precinct, to
the vote of the contestant.
I refer to one more case; that of Mallory vs.
Merrill, (page .328 Contested Election Cases.) I j
shall only read the abstract. It is as follows:
"Votes faiilv given to a party, mav be counted in his ;
favor, though they have never been returned to the pioper [
State authorities: the default of a return not being ciiaige- [
able upon sueh party." I
How, then, stands this case? Why, sir, al- j
though eighteen months have elapsed, although i
the sitting Delegate has taken Ins evidence and !
presented it to this House, yet not one single vote j
of the 1,608 for the contestant is attacked by the j
sitting member. He admits the legality of every i
vote cast m the Tenitory of Nebraska for the
contestant. He admits that they were legal voters; ■
and he admits that the votes were propeily cast \
and the election fairly and legally conducted. So i
much for the case of the contestant. i
But, Mr. Speaker, how is it with regard to the j
pitting Delegate, and how stands the case in re- j
gard to the votes cast for him? This whole case
turns upon three precincts: the Cleveland, the j
Monroe, and the Florence precincts. I am satis- [
iied that the conclusions of the Committee of Ek'C- I
tions are correct, and that the contestant is cleaily j
entitled to a seat upon this floor as the Delegate ;
of the Territory of Nebraska. Let us take these j
precincts in order. Let us examine these votes as j
they are presented in the, testimony. Let us ex- !
tumne whether they are legal votes, and entitled i
to receive the sanction of this House. I
First, as to the Cleveland precinct, in Monroe !
county.
The testimony otTered on the part of the con-
testant shows that at the time of this election there
were but six voters residing in the precinct, and but
five dwellings therein; and yet there were thirty-
five votes cast. How did this occur? Why, sir, jj
in this manner. They were cast by the employes ^
of the Cleveland Land Company, who were en-
gaged in building a hotel at Cleveland. These
persons were not residents of the pivcinct. They 1
resided at Florence. They were at Cleveland for ij
a temporary purpose, arid when they accom- !l
plished that purpose, they returned to Florence,
where then* homes and their families were. The !!
law of Nebraska icqnires a residence of twenty ^
days in the county to qualify a man to vote. !|
These persons—eighteen or twenty in number— h
915
never did acquire a residence in the Cleveland pre-
cinct; and of course the committee rejected their
votes, which were east for the sitting Delegate.
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania. How far
is Florence from Cleveland?
Mr. WILSON. Eighty-three miles.
But there is another point, Mr. Speaker, which
applies alike to the three precinct^. The oath
was not administered to the judges, inspectors, or
clerks of election at Cleveland, Monroe, or Flor-
ence, by any person authorized by the laws of
Nebraska to administer such oath. I call the
attention of the House to the laws of Nebraska
on this point:
" The said board shall be qualified by severally subscrib-
ing to the following oath, administered by any person au-
thorized by law."
These judges, inspectors, and clerks were sworn
8 by a notary public; and, by the laws of Nebraska,
and an express decision of the courts of the Ter-
ritory on the subject, a notary public has no au-
thority whatever to administer an oath to judges
of elections. Here is the oath:
" I do solemnly swear that r shall perform the duties of a
judge or election, according to law, and the best of my abil-
ity."
This oath was administered by notaries public
I at Florence and Monroe and Cleveland precincts.
' This vitiates the entire vote of these precincts.
Suppose, sir, an illegal voter should present him-
self at the polls, swear, and falsely swear in his
vote: could he be indicted for perjury? I think
not; and why? Because the officers administer-
ing the oath had no authority whatever so to do.
They were not qualified themselves. They were
but intruders at best. This is no mere informality;
not mere irregularity; but goes to the legality of
the whole election at that precinct.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Were there any
circumstances before the committee justifying an
inference of fraud on the part of these notaries
public ?
Mr. WILSON. I presume the notaries public
should have known the laws of the Territory.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Had the commit-
tee any information on the subject?
Mr. BOYCE. None at all.
Mr. WILSON. There is evidence of fraud in
all of th"sc precincts. For instance, votes weie
cast in the names of Oliver Twist and S.unuel
Weller, and uf persons who never resided in the
Tertitorv, before or sineo
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Was theie any !|
testimony given before the committee to show ;■
that these notaries public, in assuming to admin- ;j
ister the oath to judges and inspectors and clerks, 11
were aware that they were outstepping their duty, \.
and acting without authority? j;
Mr. WILSON. There was no direct test!- ji
mony in le^aid to what the notaries public !'
thought. That they did overstep their duties j|
there can be no doubt. j1
I wish to refer the House to one or two cases, i;
decided by the, Committee of Elections, hereto-jj
fore, on this point. I refer to the case of McFar- j;
land against Culpepper, at page 221 of Contested !;
Election Cases, volume 22: j!
uThe nght of John Culpeppei to a seat m tho House, ''
was contested by Duncan Mei'\iriand. who claimed to b<1
himself duly elected. On the 17th December, It"07, the
facts in the case weie laid before the House by the Com-
mittee of Elections in the following report:
" That the el.iiin ot the petitioner i* not founded on con- j I
stitunonal quahfieations, but on the law of i\7oi th Carolina, - j
pi escribing the time, place, and manner of holding elections [!
tor Representatives in Corjiph By a lawot that State, \ \
pa-red in 18U2.it i« enacted that elections for Representatives ; [
to Confess shall be held on the same days and at the same j'
places as were befoie that time prescribed by law loi hold- jj
in? elections, foi members to lepiesent the several counties j
inthe General Assembly of thai .St.He: and the same is to
be conducted b> the t-henff? of the several counties within
the State, and the deputies oi said shernfs. in like manner
as the annual elections of member of the General Assem-
bly n re, except that the inspectors off he elections and clerks
of the polls >ball be swoin t«> act with justice and impar-
tiality ; which oath shall be administered by any justice of •
the peuee then present. That tio person shall vote at any j
election except inthe county where he resides ; that no per- i
son "hall vote moie than once m any election for members |
of the Geneial A-sembly or tin a Itopiesentati\e in Con- i
eroc? ; that eieennn" for member* of Congress '•hall be eon- i
ducted bv the returning officer in the same manner as elec- j
lions for members ot the General Assembly heretoioie had ;
been." * k + + "The committee having!
examined Ilnncan McFarland'sstatementsTind depositions, I
find numerous meaularifies and abuses, alleged and support- j
edby numeious depositions; but as no law of Congress now i
cxi.-t* directing the mannei of taking testimony m cases of j
contented elections, oi for compelling witnesses and parties j
to attend when called upon, many of tiie depositions trans- !
mitted by the petitioner, in support of his statement, being,
taken ex parte, could not be admitted by the eernnniltee.
* [such as they did not admit goto prove the following
facts, to wit* that in some of the election district-*, the in-
spectors and clerks weie not sworn at all; that in others,
ihey were sworn after the election, though before the re-
t.nn; while m others, it appeared uoubtiuJ from the testi-
mony, whether they weie sworn or not ]}5 * * *
" From the above recited testimony, admitted by the com-
mittee, it appears that the inspectors and clerks officially
employed in conducting the election in Richmond, Anson,
and Montgomery counties, do not appear to have been
sworn as the Jaw of North Carolina expresslv directs, arid
that the votes «iven in some of these bounties, and at *ome
elections in other counties not being received by officers
duly qualified, ought to be rejected."
From the above, it appears that the inspectors
and clerks, officially employed in conducting the '
election in Richmond, Anson, and Montgomery
counties, do not appear to have been sworn, as
the law of North Carolina expressly directs; and
hence, the committee came to the conclusion
that the vote which was received should be re-
jected; that the poll should be set aside; that from
ihetcstimonylaid before and admitted by the com-
mittee, it appeared that " John Culpepper is not
entitled to a seat in this House." That case is
authority direct, for it turned upon the point
whether, where the judges and inspectors of elec-
tions were not sworn in according to the laws of
the State, the votes should be received or not;
and the committee decided to reject the votes.
Mr. KILGOllE. The gentleman states that
where there were but six le^al voters, there were
thirty-five votes cast. Can the gentleman state for
whom those votes weie cast?
Mr. WILSON. One vote was cast for the con-
testant, and thirty-three for the sitting Delegate.
But that is not the only case. I refer now to
the case of Easton vs Scott, (page 273 of Con-
tcsted-Election Cases,) in which itis dccided that
m case an election is loquired to be held by three
judges, who are required to be sworn, and it is
held by two who are not sworn, the votes taken
by them are to be rejected for the inegulari ty.
Mr. BOYCE. All over the Territoiy were not
the judges sworn by notaries public?
Mr. WILSON. The only evidence-we have,
in regard to the oilier precincts, besides those of
Cleveland, Monroe, and Florence, is that the offi-
cers of the election wore legally sworn in. I am
certain at least as to one precinct where a major-
ity of the votes weie cast for the contestant; there
the judges vvci e swot n in by a justice of the peace,
accoidin2 to the laws of Nebraska. From the
evidence before the committee, so far as there is
any, n appear.-* th.it the officers of all the other
precincts were pioperly sworn in. fcjuch is my
Mr. MA YNARD. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indiana in reference to these officers
of election who were not properly sworn in;
whether it was done by design and for fraudulent
purposes, or whether they appear to have acted
in g:ood fjith, but sull failed to comply with the
law ?
Mr. WILSON. I think, sir, there was a de-
sign on the part of the judges and electors in the
three precincts of Cleveland, Monroe, and Flor-
ence, to commit frauds. The vote cast was un-
usually large; the sitting Delegate received the
almost entire vote; persons voted unknown to
those best acquainted in the precincts; others
voted three or tour times; and, besides, the vote
taken the very next year shows a falling off of at
least two thirds in the several preciucts. There
is eveiy evidence of a determination to commie
frauds, and of course these judges did not wish
their consciences bound by an oath—a'legal one,
I mean.
I shall refer to but one other case on this point:
that of McFarland vs. Purvtance, (page 131, Con-
tested Election Cases.) The following is the re-
port of the committee:
"That at an election hcid at the times and places directed
by a law of the State of North Carolina for the election of
a member to serve in the Eighth Congress for the seventh
distuet of said State, amoug othei complaints alleged by
Duncan McFarland, il is pioved by testimony, le ,til\ ufcen
in piesenee of William McCanoil, th<- \oiuiiuiiv a<i< nl m'
Samuel I>. Purviance. that at the elections held ar the riii-
ferent election disrupts into which the count} of .Mont-
gomery is bv Liu divided, the jn peeiors and cleiks oi tho
elections held at the sevesal election (jistnetsof the said
eountv of Montgomery not only neglected, but ieni<ed, to
take the oatn obhjnng them to act with justice and impar-
tiality, as directed bv the act of Assembly of North Caro-
lina, passed in the ye'ar 3802, notwithstanding thatihey weie
tneieto required by Duncan McFarland, at the opemn* of
the election; thnefoie, the committee, without deciding
