1859.]
"APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Pacific Railroad—Mr. Wilson.
Senate.
worthless as an article of commerce. But, sir,
this bill I look upon as a mere tub to the whale;
it is a sort of answer to the general wish of the
country for a railroad. There is an undefined
but deep sentiment in the country for a railroad,
and this meets that demand. Why, sir, if I
owned the Tehuantepec route, or the Panama
route, or the route across Central America; or if
I owned the Pacific mail steamship line, or was
in any way interested in any or all of them, I
should care nothing for a bill of the kind which
is before Congress. Those concerns will never
be injured by the building of a railroad across the
continent to San Francisco, under the provisions
of this bill.
The Senator from Mississippi, and I must ex-
press my utter amazement when I read his bill,
proposes to give sections of land and $10,000,000,
to build a railroad across the country. Accord-
ing to the Senator's own representations, two-
thirds of the land is not arable; and he proposes
to give three thousand eight hundred and forty
acres of land, only one-third of which is arable,
and $5,000 to the mile, to build a railroad across
the country to the Pacific ocean.
Mr. DAVIS. When'did the Senator from Mis-
sissippi make that proposition ?
Mr. WILSON. I believe the bill is now pend-
ing as an amendment. Is it not?
Mr. DAVIS. It is $10,000,000 to connect the
States of the Atlantic and the Pacific by railroad.
Mr. WILSON. How do I understand the Sen-
ator ?
Mr. DAVIS. The substitute proposes to give
$10,000,000 to connect the States of the Atlantic
and the Pacific.
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President, we were
contemplating the question of building a Pacific
railroad; and a Pacific railroad by any of the
routes will be about two thousand miles in length
from the Mississippi, and $10,000,000 to build it
would be about five thousand dollars to the mile.
If the proposition is simply a proposition to con-
nect Texas, at El Paso, with California, at Fort
Yutna, then I understand the Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. That is not the proposition.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator tell us what
it means, then? How are we to connect with the
Pacific ?
Mr. DAVIS. It means to build a road across
the territory intermediate; and the Senator may,
according to his construction, select the central
route, and connect California and Missouri or
Iowa, if he believes what he has stated in rela-
tion to that route and the land upon it.
Mr. WILSON. I not only believe it, but I
I think it is the general belief, especially among
those who have studied the subject. Now, I come
back to where the Senator interrupted me, and
say that my original declaration was, in substance,
correct. Suppose we take the central route, and
start from Missouri to California; what is the dis-
tance? You are to have three thousand eight
hundred and forty acres of land to the mile, and
$10,000,000 divided along the line, be it more or
less. The distance is about two thousand miles,
and that makes about five thousand dollars a mile.
The proposition is much lower than the proposi-
tion made by the Senator from California, [Mr.
Gwin,] which is to give $12,500 to the mile, in-
stead of $5,000, and to give twenty sections of
land instead of six sections.
I have said that I do not believe the railway
can be built in this mode; and, therefore, lam in
favor of the bill which I presented, and of build-
ing the road on the central route, thiough the
South Pass to California, or starting within cer-
tain limits and going to the Canadian river, and
up that river to Albuquerque, thence across the
Colorado through the Tulare Valley, to San Fran-
cisco. Here both the beginnings and endings
are central. There may be a deflection south, if
it can be best built in that direction. Then, in
order to encourage the settlement of the country,
in order to encourage the building of the road, if
they want a road over the thirty-second paiallel,
give them the whole country south of the thirty-
fourth parallel to build it. Then let us establish
from Lake Superior to Puget Sound a mail route,
and let us give, say fifty alternate sections to the
mile over that route, so arranging the act that the
land cannot be sold to speculators, but must be
sold to actual settlers at $1 25 an acre. Let this
be given, and then let them work towards the
Pacific ocean there as fast as the public lands and
settlements wijl enable them to go.
The lands are worthless to the Government
now, and, in the ordinary course of events, cannot
be reached by emigration for years. I think a
policy of that character, whi<Sh would be a liberal
anil generous policy, might, in a series of years,
carry a railroad over that northern route, by the
aid of such a land grant, and "especially if Eng-
lish capitalists, wishing to run their Grand Trunk
railway to the Pacific, should choose to invest
their money in the undertaking. They have, al-
ready, the control of roads from Portland to Mon-
treal, and from Montreal to Toronto, connecting
with the Canadian railroad at Niagara Falls,and
running thence to Detroit. I understand they have
got possession of the Detroit and Milwaukee rail-
way, and that they are looking to get the control
of the railway across Wisconsin—the Milwaukee
and La Crosse railroad.
It may be that their surveying parties will find
that it will be difficult to construct a railroad north
of Lake Superior; and that they may be persuaded,
as they ought to be, that it is a matter of not the
slightest consequence to them whether the rail-
road runs through their own territory, or a hun-
dred miles south of it through ours. That is a
point of no importance to them, in a commercial
light. They may be willing to invest their cap-
ital and take the lands as they are settled at $1 25
an acre, as their security, and m time work a rail-
road along that route. This route has better water,
and more of it. It has better timber, and more of
it. It can be approached by water. The waters
of the Missouri, at or near Fort Benton, and the
navigable waters of the Columbia, are within four
or five hundred miles of each other. A railway
can be built in time across that divide, especially
after a few years more shall have elapsed, when
our population shall have made further progress
westward. The difficulty in selling western lands
to build railroads with, at this time, is, that in
land speculations we have gone some ycurs ahead
of the demands of the country. That is one reason
why our friends m the northwestern States, to
whom we have made magnificent grants of land,
find it difficult to construct their roads.
I think the course I have proposed is that sug-
gested by sound policy; anil 1 should like to re-
commit this bill, or in some way put it in such a
shape, that we shall, as a Government, undertake
the constiuetion of a railroad starting between
the mouths of the Big Sioux and Kansas rivers,
crossing the continent to San Francisco on a line
north of the thirty-fifth or thirty-sixth parallel,
and south of llie forty-third parallel. Let that be
a great national work; for the idea of the coun-
try is, to go to San Francisco, where there is
population; not to l'uget Sound, where there is
none; and not to San Diego, where there never
can be any. Then let us give our southern friends,
those gentleman who want a load on which they
can go to the Pacific occan when they dissolve the
Union, all the lands they want south of the thir-
ty-fourth parallel, and let them make the mostof
them. I hope they may make $100,000,000 out
of them, for I should rejoice in their prosperity.
Then let us give lands on the northern hue, and
carry out the ideas suggested by the Senator from
Minnesota and the Senator from Wisconsin.
What they want in that vast noithern region is
a people. They want settlers; and a policy of
this kind will carry settlers from Lake Superior
a thousand miles to the Rocky Mountains, and,
if the engineers who went over this route are to
be believed, even in the Rocky Mountains is to
be found good land. Beyond the Rocky Mount-
ains, to Puget Sound, there will be found, not
only a great country, but across that line, in time,
1 do not doubt, we are to have a great commer-
cial route connecting the northern lakes with Puget
Sound.
These are my views. I am for a Pacific rail-
road; hut 1 do not believe in the idea of attempt-
ing to construct a road to the Pacific ocean merely
by grants of land, within any reasonable period.
If we make a grant to the northern line, I do not
expect a road to be built there for some time. I
do not even expect it to be commenced at once.
I know it cannot be begun in earnest in the pres-
ent financial condition of the .world. Neither do
I expect any such thing over the southern line.
But we want a central road; we want it begun
now; we want it completed as speedily as pos-
sible; and to do that, let us take the money :of the
Government, and build it as cheaply as cash can
build it, and keep the lands, reserving: their pro-
ceeds as a sinking fund to meet the bonds, which
may be made due thirty or forty years hence.
We shall then have seventy or eighty .million
people, and their redemption will be but a light
tax on such a nation. During-that period,ao my
judgment, it will have added hundreds of millions
to the wealth of the country; and the addition it
will make to the power and strength of the Union
is beyond the calculation of the h.uman intellect;
Mr. HARLAN and Mr. DAVIS addressed the
Senate; after which.
. Mr. WILSON again spoke, as follows: Mr,
President, 1 have listened very attentively to the
Senator from Mississippi. I have listened to his
explanation and exposition; and I cannot but re-
peat now what I have before said, that no disin-
terested man can read his summing up of the re-
Eorts made, without coming to the conclusion that
e clearly thinks the evidence in those reports has
established the fact that the thirty-second parallel
is the route to be built. I do not mean to charge
that Senator, in all this matter, with any want of
honor or of integrity; but he knows, and I know,
'that the history of his life shows that he is deeply,
strongly, intensely*, devoted to the interests of his
particular section of the Union. When he talks
here about sectional strife, the Senator must per-
mit me to say that I know of no man in the Sen-
ate, or the country, (and I say.it with entire re-
spect for him, which he knows I entertain,) who •
is more biased by sectional feeling than the Sen-
ator from Mississippi. He is, I doubt not, un-
conscious of it; but the words found on the rec-
ords of the Government, and the eloquent words
he has uttered in the country, will sustain me in
this position.
I say that the summary which he made of the
results of therailroad explorations is notsustained
by the facts of the case reported. I believe that
influences have been used, perhaps imperceptibly,
looking to the construction of the road on the
thirty-second parallel. When a gang of specula-
tors seized upon the splendid offering of the State
of Texas—a splendid offering, indeed; one that
ought, before this hour, to have carried a,railway
across that State, and would have done it in some
portions of this Union—why was it that, when
Robert J. Walker and the speculators in thatgreat
scheme wanted to make the road across Texas the
route of the Pacific railway, we paid $10,000,000
for a piece of barren and worthless soil, to carry
this road there; and that, too, when the evidence
of Stansbury, the evidence of Stevens, and of other
men, if fairly construed, the knowledge that ex-
isted in the country, showed that you could carry
a railroad across the central regions of the conti-
nent, and across the northern line; and when a
railroad across the central regions would accom-
modate equally the North ana South ? The Sen-
ator says the boring of artesian wells was ordered
by Congress. Well, sir, we know how these
things have been done by Congress. The last Ad-
ministration had, and 1 suppose the present Ad-
ministration has, though I do not know that I can
find the man,a friend in this Chamber,and in the
other House; and how was it that that measure
came in here, and was carried through? The
examination has been made; it has been aban-
doned;-and Captain Pope has gone further up into
the legions of New Mexico, somewhere, I think,
near Albuquerque.
I find, on examination, that Governor Stevens
made a liberal estimate, and calculated the cost of
a road on the northern line at from twenty-five
to thirty or forty per cent, more than similar
work on the eastern lines. The Secretaiy of War
added about fifty per cent, per mile to the esti-
mates, over what Governor Stevens made them. I
further find that on the extreme southern route,
the Senator, when Secretary of War, deducted
$10,000 a mile for eight hundred or nine hundred
miles, amounting to several million dollars, from
the estimates of some of the engineers who went
over that line.
Now, I want to say here, once for all, that I do
