016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
on the other complaint* madr> against the said elections,
cooMdef the neslect and refusal to take the oaxh prescribed
by law us sufficient ground to set aside IUft election held
for the said county of Montgomery."
Let us turn from the Cleveland to the Monroe
precinct. Now, Mr. Speaker, upon the polls of
the Monroe precinct appear names which of
themselves are prima facie evidence of fraud. Ol-
iver Twist, Safnltel Welter ! Those votes were
received as legal votes, to send a Delegate from
the Territory of Nebraska. Those names appear
upon the poll-list; and I say, as the committee
say, that the very fact that those names appear
on that list is prima facie evidence of fraud, and
that those names could not have appeared there
except by the collusion of the judges and clerks
of that precinct.
But there is another point: and I refer to it as
affording some light to this House upon the mat-
ter of this Monroe precinct. A short time before
the election came on, a leading Mormon—for the
Mormons reside in that precinct—stated in dif-
ferent conversations, that there were not more
than forty Mormon votes at the Monroe precinct,
and that outside of the Mormon vote there were
not more than two inhabited dwellings there.
Only five persons resided there beside the Mor-
mons, and yet eighty-seven votes were cast at
that precinct in the election for Delegate. Eighty -
- three of those votes were cast for the sitting Del-
egate, and one for the contestant. Now, to illus-
trate how this result was accomplished, let me
read from an affidavit of Mr. Cooper, an elder in
theMormon church, and oneof thejudges of elec-
tion, that the House may see what he thought
in regard to this very vote cast at that precinct
Among otter things, in his affidavit, he states,
that—
<{ He ariived at the place of holding the election in «aid
Monroe precux-t about fifteen minutes patt nine tn the
morning of said election day ; that he was one ofthojudses
ol siud election atsaidpi^cmet; that when he arrived thi re
were forty or more vote re nam** on the poll-hook of said
precmct, as near as he conld judge ; that soon after his ar-
rival at said polls some one came to the door and said the
polls of this election are now open; that the voters* iVom
Beaver then commenced voting."
Why w-ere the polls then declared opened ? i
Because Mr. Cooper, one of the judges of elec- !
tion, had arrived; but, before he an'jved, forty ,
names had been placed on that poll-list, and that, 1
too, befoie the polls were opened. i
Here is another affidavit. 1 refer to it; and the j
House may give to it whatever credit it deserves ,
Nathan Davis, in his affidavit, states ; j
"I arrived at the place of holding the eJoeuon in said pre- j
cirict at fifteen minutes past nine o'clock in the morning of !
said election day; that Mr. Charles Cooper, one of the j
judges, of said election, at said precinct, came with me from !
Beaver, and arrived when I did at tu<  place of holding th'e i
said election; that when we airived there were forty or j
more voteis- names on the poll-book, a-* near as 1 could I
jud|?e; that soon aftei my a: n\al at the poll* f-ome one came ;
to Hie door and aaul the poll'of this eh-etion j-j now open ; !
that the voteis from f>eavcr Uieti commenced voiuui; that !
the whol" number voting at said election hom Denver get- I
ttement was lorty.amlno mote; th.it I lemamed atthetjaid ;
polls till they wore closed at night, and no p.> <on voted :
alter f c une there, except peranum mat came Aom Bcavei, ■
except about five persons who were at Moiuoe ; mat f mi- '
derstood fiom Mr. Laity that a number of men came
to the plaoH where the election wabheUi, about two o'clock '
in the mor.uiiff on the day of election and voted, and went '
away \eiy early m the morning." j.
I admit, sir, these are but ex parte affidavits. !'
They were not used by either party m their ar- !
gument before the committee. I only refer to i
them from the fact that when these same persons ''
who once had given their voluntary affidavits,
afterwards refused to testify when regularly sub-
penaed by the contestant to appear and testify, i!
They had learned to conceal this fraud at Mon- !
roe. They had received their instructions, from
whom I know not; but some one, I hav# no !
doubt; else why not come forward and testify-
Why flee " when no man pursucth?" It is only ;
for the guilty so to act. . '
^ But, sir, from the preponderance of nil the evi- ||
Uence m the case,the committee struck from the i!
votes polled at the Monroe precmct, forty-two !•
votes as dearly illegal, fraudulent, or fictitious, ji
.nut at this precinct also, judges and inspectors of
the election were not sworn in by any regular ofli-
cor ot the Territory, but were sworn in bv those
who had no authority to administer an oath to a
juu^e or an inspector of an election in Nebraska. ,
I tieve is one otln.-r fact I wish to slate in refer- '
ence to tins Monroe prtcinct. One year alter- '
Partis, at the next election, there were only twelve
totes cMt at tins precinct. OuwrTwisiumi Lem-
uel Wcller disappeared. These McGce and Ox-
ford frauds upon a small scale were not again en-
acted.
Now for the Florence precinct: four hundred
and one votes were returned as having been cast,
of which three hundred and sixty-four were for
the sitting Delegate, and four for the contestant.
There is evidence showing a determination to per-
petrate fraud at that precinct. The evidence is
clear to my mind. The laws of Nebraska pro-
vide that the polls there shall be opened from nine
in the morning to six o'clock in the evening. The
polls at Florence were kept open from six o'clock
until nine at night. Votes were received for three
hours after the time when the laws of Nebraska
i required the polls to be closed. How many were
j received in thottimeis a mere matter ofinfercnce.
! All the judges, assessors, and clerks,-were friends
I of the sitting Delegate. A year after the election
i they swear that, to the best of their recollection,
I there were not more than fifteen cast after the hour
| of six o'clock. But, sir, what does Edsvard Bray-
I ton swear? What does Mr. Donovant swear?
j One swears that abouthalf pastfive, the question
I was asked how many votes had been cast? That
! was during the day of the election, while it was
f progressing. The judge of the election replied
; that at that time two hundred and seventy-one
| votes were polled. That is the testimony of Mr.
' Edward Brayton. Mr. Donovant sweara that be-
j tween eight and nine o'clock of the same evening
; the question was again asked, how many votes
. have now been cast? The reply of one of the
! judges of the election was that three hundred and
| seventy-three votes had been cast. At six o'clock,
•' when these polls ought to have been closed, only
two hundred and seventy-one votes, or three hun-
| dred at furthest, were polled; and between eight
! and nine three hundred and seventy-three votes
! were polled.
; Mr. EDIE. Do these witnesses swear these
: facts of their own knowledge ?
| Mr. WILSON. They swear that these ques-
, tions were asked, and that the judges of the elec-
: tion made the answers I have stated. These
, statements wete made on the day of the election,
and when it was not known who was elected Del-
egate. There was no inducement to make false
. statements. And, sir, I prefer to take the state-
. ments of the judges made at that time to their
! uncertain recollection one year afterwards; and
i more especially when, as I think, it became ne-
cessary that their recollection should become un-
through this poll-book, and you cannot tell at
what time any voter cast his vote. Let, then, the
entire poll berejt-cted. Eat this is not all; in 1858,
at Florence precinct, only one hundred and fifty-
nine votes were cast. That was at an excited
election; and yet of that ope hundred and fifty-
nine, only seventy-eight voted the preceding year,
when four hundred and one wen.' cast.
Mr. CLARK B, COCHRANE, Howis'that
accounted for?
Mr. WILSON. In no other way, except that
the voters were not there the year previous.
But again; in addition to the facts that the polls
were kept open from six till nine o'clock atm°-ht,
one man, according to the testimony of Donno-
vant, voted four times; and there were at least
a hundred persons there who were not known to
the oldest settlers of that precinct; the judges and
clerks and inspectors of election were sworn by
an officer not authorized to administer such oath.
It does seem to me that there has been a conspir-
acy; not only on the part of judges and cloiks,
but also on the part of the electors, to commit a
fraud in regard to this poll. I can come to no
other conclusion. Others must determine for
themselves.
Mr. Speaker, although it is late in the session;
although it may be said this case involves only
the ru;htofa Dob-gate from a Territory to a seat
on this floor; still, m my opinion, the contestant
and the sitting Delegate have as much right to
have their case passed upon as would any" Rep-
resentative within this Hall. I behove that the
contestant has been legally elected. I believe that
j the report of the committee is right. I ask that
this conclusion shall be indorsed by the House,
j it is time these frauds in territorial elections were
; checked by this House. In fact, sir, looking over
| the elections for the laat few yeais ju the Teni-
! tones, it does seem to me that a certificate of elec-
I tion from a Territory has become almost prima
! facie evidence of a great fraud committed. Should
we not, then, so determine now as to prevent a
recuirence of a similar case ? Most certain! v it is
our duty to preserve the purity of all elections.
Why not begin now? Why not rebuke these
frauds? But whether the House does so or not,
I, at least, shall condemn this record of fraud and
illegality. It shall not receive my indorsement.
My vote and my voice shall be withheld. I thank
the House for their attention.
Mr. WASHBURN , of Maine. It so happens,
.. Mr. Speaker, that there are some marked dis-
certain. Ihe preponderance of the evidence is i| tinctums between the ease of the sitting Delegate
against the sitting member, and in favor of the tj and that of the contestant. U so happens that
contestant. j; nearly all the witnesses on whom the contestant
relies were not only his runners and agents, but
were non-iesidents of either of the three precincts
the regularity of whose elections are in contro-
versy; while it so happens that all the witnesses
(there may possibly be one oi two exceptions)
who have testified on the part of the sitting Dele-
gate are citizens of those precincts. It so hap-
pens, further, that all the testimony uki-n by tke
contestant in this case is ex putie testimony; that
o j| there la not a particle of evidence hero o.j w;:ich
s i1 we have any right to act; not a woid or syllable
■ taken on notice given to the sitting member, or
! that was taken when he was present, in person
j or by attorney, or when he could l>e present.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman from
I Mamo whether notice to take testimony was not
served at the residence of the s.tihig Delegate?
j Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I will state all
1 about that before I get through. I will satisfy
j the gentleman and the House, i hope, how this
i matter was. I sty the sitting Delegate did not
' have actual notice, in a single case, that testi-
mony was to be taken. It was all taken d*nn:g
; his absence from the Territoiy. On the other
' band, the testimony taken on the part of the sit-
I ting D> legate was that of actual residents within
the respective precincts, and was taken on notice,
and while the contestant was present.
It has been said here that the sitting Delegate
does not contest any of the votes ruurntd f« i the
contestant. Why, sir, there was no < halb ug« ex-
cept as to these three pr^ejncU; and tb<- Bitting
Delegate merely applied himself to show the lugal-
| Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Was not that
' man, whose testimony you refer to, accused of
I perjury ?
, _Mr._WILS0N. Yes; but the man who accuses
1 him is*himself accused of murder. [Laughtei.J
' Then, sir, upon the mere preponderance of the
■ testimony, there must have been one hundred
• votes, at least, cast between six o'clock, when the
polls ought to have been closed,and when, m re-
ality, they were closed at nine o'clock. But I
further; I say that the mere lact that the.ie p<.
were kept open from eix to nine o'clock at night
vitiates the entiie polb It should all be rejected.
It should not he lecesvrd. It should not be con-
sidered^ Why : How can you determine who
cast their votes after Six o'clock, and who did
not? The poll-book is complete, it shows four
hundred and one names; but n does not show
how those men voted, or at what time. The
House cannot determine by the list who these
men voted for, or whether they voted befoie or
after six o'clock. The ballot was a secret ballot;
and where theie is a sccret ballot, where the bal-
lot is not viva voce, as ltis in most of the southern
States, and there is fraud, the whole noil should
be rejected.
This point has been raised, heretofore, in only
one case, and that a Virginia case. In that State the
law requires that the polls shall be held open for
three days. The polls were held open four days.
Every vote cast upon the fourth day was shown,
and not only that, but for whom the votes were
ca^L Hence, then, every vote could be struck
oif that was cast upon the fourth day, and all the
^Otcs cast upon the three days could be retain- d.
'Ibis, however, cannot be done when the ballot
is secret. This cannot be done when there is no
evjder,<—' it vhat tone tho vfctos were c is!. Read
• ity ot tne votes
> rebutted all th
a<;ain.5t him in tho alL
turns. He found that it v;
i usali' r.
ta<w preci.vt
:h*u'ges and
allidavits and i r /
unnec
It ha
>iy
t> made
rv to tra
