1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
295
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Mallory.
Senate.
lar heart, and are awakening a fervid response
' throughout the length and breadth of the land.
Scarcely a paper can we take up now which does
not convince us that this is not a sectional issue;
and I honestly believe, that, if the country were
polled to-day, there would be found more men
north of Mason and Dixon's line in favor of the
acquisition of Cuba, than there are south of it.
It should not, therefore, be treated as a sectional
measure; and all of the South who support it
should not be charged with doing so only with
the view of adding more slave States to the Union.
The President is entitled to my thanks, at least,
for bringing this long-cherished Cuban policy,
which I now see is denominated political neces-
sity, to the attention of Congress; and he shall
have my cooperation in attaining a work which
I doubt not is identified with the future welfare of
the country.
From the purchase of Louisiana to the present
hour, the acquisition of Cuba has been regarded
as a necessary consequence of that measure; and
nearly every prominent statesman of the present
century, from Jefferson to Mr. Buchanan, has,
directly or indirectly, advocated this measure as
one of great national policy. Banks, tariffs, in-
ternal improvements, domestic slavery, questions
of peaceand war and conquest, have disturbed and
divided political parties throughout the country,
each in their turn; but the acquisition of Cuba
has been admitted as a cherished feature in the
platforms of them all.
When Mr. Clinton, of New York, was discuss-
ing the Mississippi question before the Senate, in
1803, he made these remarks:
" The seizure of New Orleans would vest us with a place
of deposit; but a place of deposit without a free use of the j
Mississippi, would be entirely useless. As long as the enemy
holds the country below New Orleans, and possesses a su-
perior naval force, so long will we be excluded from the
Mississippi. Suppose, however, this obstacle removed;
supposed vvc are enabled to pass into the Gulfwithout mo-
lestation j is it not necessary for vessels to hu% the Island of
Culm on their passage to the Atlantic States ? And will not
this expose them to certain capture, as long as Spain retains
that important possession ? To secure thegreat object said
to be aimed at by this resolution, and to establish, Beyond
the reach of annoyance, a free communication between the
Atlantic and weUem States, we must seize not only New
Orleans, but the Floridas and Cuba ; and we must immedi-
ately create a formidable navy.5'
It appears that in that time not only the friends
of the Mississippi question, but its enemies,
looked to the acquisition of the Island of Cuba
as the necessary consequence of the purchase of
Louisiana.
I quote now from Mr. Huskisson's remarks, in
speaking of this very question, and calling the at-
tention of the British Parliament to it, and to Mr.
Jefferson's opinions on the subject:
" If the United States have declared that they cannot
allow tiie Island of Cuba to belong to any maritime Power
in Europe, Spam r.\ceptcd. neither can England, as the fir&t
of those mantime Powers—I t-ay itfeailessly, because I feel
it strongly—stiffen the United States to bring under their do-
minion a greater portion of the shores of the Gulf of Mex-
ico than they now po?.sess. Within the last twenty-seven
years, they have become masters of all the shores of that
Gulf, from the Point of Flonda to the river Sabine, including
the mouths of the Mississippi, and of other great rivois, the
poit of New Orleans, and the valuable and secure harbors
of Florida; and, withm these few days, we hear of their
intention ot forming a naval station and ar&enal at the islands
of the Dry Tortusa*, a commanding po<mon m the Gulf
stream, between Flouda and Cuba. With all this extent
of coasts and islands, we know, further, that designs are
entertained, and dailj acted upon—I will not pay by the
present Government of the United State?, but, notoriously,
by the people—to get possession of the fertile and extensive
Mexican province of Texa*. To borrow an expression of
a deceased statesman of that country, 'the whole people
oi Anienca have then eye' upon that province. They look
on ail the country between the river Sabine and the river
Bravo del Norte as a terntoiy that must, ere long, belong to
the Union. They have, also, I believe, that same eye upon
some of the western coasts of Mexico, possessing valuable
potts in tne Gulf of Calitornia. Should they obtain these
distiicts, the independence of Mexico, I will venture to say,
wiil be no better, or inoie secure, than that of the Cieck
Indians, or any other Indian tube now living within the cir-
cle of the piesent recognized limits of the United States ;
and the Gulf of Mexico will become as much a part of their
waters as the Black sea was once of the waters of Turkey,
or as the channel which separates England and Ireland may
be cori sulci cd as pait of the waters of the United Kingdom.
" I may be told, sir, that these are visionary alarms, con-
templating schemes of aggrandizement and ambition winch
never have been, and probably never will be, enteitamed
in any quarter. At tins moment, I willingly admit that
there exists a friendly disposition in the Government of the
United States ; and I cannot doubt that hi& Majesty's Gov-
ernment fully recip-iocates that disposition. Upon every
account, I am glad to see these two powerful States living
upon terms of honorable and mutual confidence, each rely-
ing upon the peaceful counsels of the other. But it is not
to be imputed to me that I am under-valuing this good
understanding, or that I am guilty of want of respect to-
wards the United States, or even of discretion as an indi-
vidual member of Parliament, if, on this occasion, I do not
lose sight of those circumstances of a permanent nature
which belong to the fixed policy of the United States, and
to those motives of action which, however dormant at
present, would probably be revived under contingencies
that, in the course of events, may hereafter arise—contin-
gencies which the views and passions of the American
people would not (ail to turn to account for the attainment
of a long-cherished and favorite object." * * *
" In respect to the Gulf of Mexico and the immense in-
terests—commercial, colonial, and maritime—which are
closely connected with the navigation of that Gulf, the.se
memoirs are full of instruction—I might say of admonition
—well deserving the most serious attention of the people of
this country. I will not trouble the House with any long
extracts from them ; but I cannot deny myself the oppor-
tunity of pointing their attention to a few passages, which
show how soon the United States, after they became a sep-
arate nation, fixed their eye upon the Gulf of Mexico, and
how steadily and successfully they have watched and seized
every opportunity to acquire dominion and ascendency in
that part of the world. Within seven years after the time
when their independence had been established, and finally
recognized in 1783, we find them setting up a claim of free
navigation ofthe Mississippi from its source to the Gulf of
Mexico ; and it is not a little curious to see what was the
oppoi tunny which they took ot asserting their right against
Spain—a Power that had materially assisted them in obtain-
ing their independence. In the year 1790, it will be recol-
lected that a dispute had arisen between England and Spain
respecting Nootka Sound Whilst these two countries were
arming, and everything appeared to threaten war between
them, the United States thought that they saw, in the em-
barrassment of Spain, an opening to claim the navigation
as of right. Whether such a claim could or could not be
sustained by any principle of the law of nations, is a ques-
tion which I will not now stop to examine. The affn (na-
tive was at once boldly assumed by America, and her de-
mand proceeded upon that assumption. The right once so
affirmed, what does the House think was the corollary
which the Government of the United States built upon their
asseition of their supposed right? I will give itm the words
of Mr. Jefferson himself, not a private individual, but the
Secretaiy of State, conveying the msiiucuons of bi> Gov-
ernment to Mr. Carmichael, then the American envoy at
Madrid: 4 You know,' writes Mr. Jefferson,' that the nav-
igation cannot be practiced without a port, where the sea
and river vessels may meet and exchange loads, and those
employed about them may be safe and unmolested. The
right to use a thing comprehends a right to the means neccs
sary to its use, and without which it would be useless.' I
know not what the expounders of the law of nations in the
Old World will have to say to this new and startling doc-
trine. In this instruction, which is dated the 2dof August,
1790, the principle is only laid down in the abstract.
111 will now show the House the special application of it
to the claim m question, by quoting another letter from Mr.
Jefferson to Mr. Short, the American envoy at Paris, dated
only eight days after the former, namely, the 10th of August.
It is as follows: { The idea of ceding the Island of New Or-
leans could not be hazarded to Spam in the first step; it
would be too disagreeable at first view ; because this island,
with its town, constitutes, at present, their principal settle-
ment in that pait of their dominion, (Louisiana,) contain-
ing about ten thousand white inhabitants, of eveiy age and
sex. Reason and events, however, may, by little and little,
familiarize them to it. That we have a right to some spot
as an entrepot for our commerce, may be at once affirmed.
T suppose tin* idea (the cession of New Orleans) too much
even for the Count, de Montmorin at first, and that, there-
fore, you will find'it piudent to uige and get him to recom-
mend to the Spanish Couit, only in geneial terms, a port
near the mouth of the river, with a cncumjacent terntory
sufficient for its support, well defined, and extra-territorial
to Spain, leaving the idea to futuie growth.' "
He quotes this extract from a letter of Mr. Jef-
ferson to Mr. Monroe, of the 4th of May, 1806:
({We begin to broach the idea that we consider the whole
Gulf stream as our own waters, m which hostilities and
cruising are to be frowned on for the prosent, and prohib-
ited so soon as either consent or force will pennit us."
Mr. Huskisson continues:
If the United States c broached this idea,' in 1806, they
are not likely to have abandoned it in 1S19, when, in addi-
tion to Louisiana, they procured, by treaty with Spain, the
further important cession ofthe Floridas. That it is a grow-
ing, rather than i waning, principle of their policy, I think :
we may infer fiom a letter which we find in this cone- ;
spondence, not written, indeed, by Mr. Jefferson in any ;
public chaiactfi, but addressed by him, as a person ex^r I
citing, from his retnemcnt, the greatest sway m the coun- j
cifs ot the Union, to the President. This letter, dated so
lately as the 2ith ot October, 1823, discusses the interest of ]
the United States in respect to Cuba and the Gulf of Mex- 1
ico, and these are the statements which it avows: 41 can- !
didly confess that I ever looked on Cuba as the most inter-
esting addition that could ever be made to our system of
States. The control which, with Flouda Point, this island
would give us over the Gulf of Mexico, and the countnes
and isthmus bordering upon it, as well as those whose wa-
ters' flow into it, would fill up the measure of our political
well-being. Yet I am sensible that this can never be ob-
tained, even with her own consent, but by war."
In connection with this subject, because the
opinions of my friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Hammond] have been quoted here, I looked to
his speech, and I found that his friends might be
misled into the idea that even Mr. Calhoun was
opposed to the acquisition of Cuba. Sir, I believe
that he was in favor of the acquisition of Cuba at
the very earliest period compatible with the honor
of the country, in this body, in 1848, in a speech
on the Yucatan question, he said: - -
" There are cases of interposition where I would resort
to the hazard of war, with all its calamities. Am I aske«i
for one ? I designate the case of Cu!>a. So long as Cuba
remains in the hands of Spain—a friendly Power, a Power
of which we have no dread—it should continue to be, as it
has been, the policy of all Administrations, ever since I have
been connected with the Government, to let Cuba remain
there; but with the fixed determination, which I hope never
will be relinquished, that if Cuba pass from her, it shall not
be into any other hands but ours; this, not from a feeling
of ambition, not from a desire for the extension of domin-
ion, but because that island is indispensable to-the safety of
the United States; or rather, because it is indispensable to
the safety of the United States that this island should not
be in certain hands.5'
The remark which is put into Mr. Calhoun's
mouth, that " Cuba is to us forbidden fruit," he
never used. As I said before, it is believed that
he desired the acquisition of Cuba, at the very
earliest day compatible with the honor of the
country.
Sir, if authorities can add weight to our Cuban
policy, I could cite hundreds of names of leading
men of all parties who favored its acquisition. I
am yet to learn one who was not in favor of the
acquisition of Cuba at the very earliest moment
consistent with the interests and honor of the
country.
Now, sir, whenco comes this general unanim-
ity ? Why is it that the varied interests of our
country, differing widely as do our States in pop-
ulation, in climate, in soil, in production, have
generally concurred in the wisdom and policy of
regarding this as a great national measure ? Why
is it that the pro-slavery cotton-planter of Texas,
and the abolitionist manufacturer of Massachu-
setts, here find a common bond of union and a
common platform, and arc to-day, while I am
speaking, battling together for this very policy ?
Why is it that the State of Connecticut has adopt-
ed a resolution, within a very few days past, in
favor of the acquisition of Cuba? Here let me
say, that she was the first State to lead off for the
annexation of Texas.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator say
the Legislature of Connecticut has passed any
such resolution ?
Mr. MALLORY. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It was passed by a Dem-
ocratic caucus.
Mr. MALLORY. That is authority for that
State, of course,
Mr. BENJAMIN. It was a Democratic State
convention; not a caucus.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask, whence comes this
general unanimity of feeling? It is not confined
to the South; it is equally found North, East,
and West; and, as this discussion shall progress,
it will become, in my judgment, overwhelming,
and wiil shape, somewhat, the future policy of
the country. Sir, this general feeling is not only
based upon a conviction that the industrial inter-
ests of the whole country are -concerned in this
measure, but it springs, too, from the conviction
that the first blow which the interests of our coun-
try is ever to reccive, must be from the direction
of Cuba:. It must necessarily be so. I think I
can demonstrate that, if danger ever threatens us
at all from abroad, it must be from a point con-
tiguous to our shores, and under the control of
another Power; and the most important point of
all on the face of the earth, in that view, is Cuba.
In the report which the Committee on Foreign
Relations have presented us with, we have im-
portant statistics of the trade, commerce, and re-
sources of the Island of Cuba.
Now, sir, whatever influence these consider-
ations may have upon the minds of gentlemen as
to the price to be paid for Cuba, they can cer-
tainly have none whatever on the question of
whether we ought to have it or not. That is a
preliminary question. When that is decided, the
statistics will furnish us with information to guide
us as to the price; and in connection with this,
we must also consider the amount which the pub-
lic property of Cuba herself can contribute.
I said that the first blow which this country is
ever to receive, in any contest, will, in all proba-
bility, be from the direction of Cuba. The Gulf
