918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
borne out by the testimony of those who were
neither the one nor the other. 'I do not see why
these men are to be impeached, why they are to
be held unworthy of confidence, because the con-
testant simply challenges or charges them with
being- guilty of fraud. He begs the question.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I wish to get some
information from my friend from Maine as to the
rule of judgment, i believe that the Constitution
provides that this House shall be the judge of the
"election and qualifications of itd own members.
Did not this House, then, in the case of Vallan-
digham vs. Campbell, distinctly decide that hear-
say evidence was competent evidence; and did it
not, on that evidence alone, determine that elec-
tion ? Tf that be so, is not this, then, res adjudi-
cata ? Is it not, then, decided that, so far as this
House is concerned, hearsay evidence is compe-
tent evidence?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I cannot say
that the case of Valiandigham vs. Campbell was
decided on that point.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That was the
ground stated and advocated m this House.
Mr. WASHBURN, of-Maine. That was one;
but whether it involved necessarily the decision
of the H ouse or not, in that cas£, 1 am unable to
sav. it may have turned on other questions.
There may have been controlling points outside
of that. The Congress before this decided almost
unanimously, m the case of Archer and Allen, that
hearsay evidence was not competent; and that
Congress ought, I hope, to have as much weight
with the gentleman fiom Maryland as this one.
That Congress decided hearsay evidence to be
inadmissible.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The Constitution
says that the House of Representatives shall be
the judge of the election and qualifications—not
the last one, but ihU House of Representatives,
shall be the judge of the election and qualifica-
tions of us own members.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The gentleman
may pile up precedents as'high os Olympus, but 1
never will receive hearsay testimony to affect the
rights of paities. It is not law, it is not sense—
and indeed, sir, it is not good nonsense. [Laugh-
ter.] No man can stand upon it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. With all respect,
the question here is not what is rcawnt but what
is law. Slctpro rations voluntas. It is not the last
House, but this Ilouse, which deter mines the rule
of law respecting the members oi litis Mouse; and
this House has ruled that hearsay evidence is
legal evidence m determining the election of its
members.
Mi. WASHBURN, of Maine. Well, if the gen-
tleman piefers a doubtful precedent to solid rea-
son, he must be able to show that the decision
turned upon that question.
Mr. DAWES. Upon what principle has the
gentleman determined to give the votes of Sam
Weller and Oliver Twist to the sitting member ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. 1'will tell the
gentleman when 1 come to that.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman says that it
does not appear to him that the judges of the
election have been guilty of any fraud, and that,
therefoie, their testimony ought to be admitted.
1 presume that if there were no Sam Weller and
no Olivor Twist, the judges of the eh-ctson had no
right to let any men vote under those names. If
there were such men there, I do not know why
my friend has deducted those two votes from the
sitting member's poll, in his report.
Nebraska, such men as Oliver Twist and Sam
Weller. , .
Mr. DAWES. Then the gentleman admits
that he does not know what he signed. Does he
wish to amend the report? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not.
Mr. DAWES. Then you indorse the propo-
sition I have stated.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Let it stand
for what it is worth; for whether these votes are
admitted or rejected is of no sort of consequence.
Mr, DAWES. What is it exactly worth?
How much does the gentleman think the report
is worth ? [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURN,-of Maine. If the gentle-
man will permit me, I will proceed to inform nim.
Mr. WILSON. Does the gentleman believe
that there were such voters?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I have no right
to believe that such voters were not there. They
appear upon the poll list; such surnames arc not
uncommon in this country. I have known sev-
eral persons with the surname of Weller and
Twist; and I want the gentleman to inform me
whether it is impossible, or even improbable, that
among all the Twists there is not an Oliver, or
that among all the Wellers there is not a Sam-
uel? [Laughter.] And if so, why may they not
be in Nebraska as well as anywhere? There
was a Weller in the Senate a few years ago, and
there are Twists everywhere. [Laughter.] And
I think the gentleman from Massachusetts is get-
tin0- himself into a twist very fast. [Laughter.]
Mr. CLARK B. COCHRANE. The gentle-
man is undertaking to prove this to be a striking
coincidence.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Somewhat of
a coincidence, I grant. But the evidence, sir; what
is that? But, all badinage aside, I am informed
by Mr. Ferguson—and his statement is as good
as any of the contestant's ex parte testimony—that
i there was a man there who went by the sobriquet
| of Sam Weller, and that he was entered on the
l poll-list by that name; and that Oliver Twist
' should also vote in the same precinct is not to be
! wondered at. I am informed that this was the
! way of it; and I presume that that is the truth of
,1 the matter. That there could have been no in-
I tentnmal fraud in this is apparent from all the
j facts.
! Mr. CLAY. I have in my hand a report signed
by the gentleman; and I find tli^t the votes of
Mr, Weller and Mr. Twist are both stricken
out.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Very well;
" let them slide." [Laughter.]
But, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Wilson] has complained to-day, and ar-
rayed the fact as vitiating the election at these
precincts, that the officers of the election were
sworn by notaries public who were not author-
ized to administer the oath. I understand it to
be a fact that at this and at the previous elections
in those precincts, the officers were sworn by
notaries public; and that the present law is of re-
cent enactment.
Mr. WILSON. I demand the proof.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The proof I
have is as good as ail yours—the declaration of Mr.
Ferguson to the committee. That is just as good
as any of the testimony that has been introduced
here by the contestant. But what does it all
amount to? These officers of election acted co-
lore officii, and by all the precedents, even those
cited by the gentleman himself, their proceed-
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do notknow r jngs while so acting are perfectly legal. The
how that is m the report. I must confess that I
signed it without reading it. [Laughter.] My
friend from South Carolina [Mr Boyce] and my-
self agreed in the result; and I had so much con-
fidence m him that i did not feel it necessary to
examine his ieaspnings.
, Mr. DAWES. If those men were there, they
had a right to vote; and if they were not, they
were not entitled to vote. The judges of the elec-
tion, I think, committed a fraud by putting such
names upon the list, and if they were guilty of
fraud in one thing they may be in another; and I
should suppose that they would be the last men
to,admit m their testimony that they had been
guil'y of fraud.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I soy that there
is no testimony in tins case from which it doe?
not appear that there are not, in the Territory of
gentleman from Indiana contended for thatpun-
ciple in the Campbell and Valiandigham case.
Lot me commend to him.now the doctrines which
he asked the House toindoise then. In thatcase,
: it was contended that the election in one of the
i wards of Dayton was illegal, because there was
j no legal officer there. The gentleman replied tiiat
i he thought no member of the House could for a
! moment doubt, with respect to the election in the
( second ward of Dayton—and he referred the
1 House to the case of The People vs. Cook, (14
| Barbour's Reports, page 245:)
| '• It becomes impoitant, in tins rase, to determine whether
i the objections, winch aie taken to the inspectors of elec-
! tmns in the seveial ca*es piesenfd in tins lull of cVccp-
l ti'-ns. are of that c-haiaeter which should he hold to mvali-
; date the canvass in these several localities. These ob|ec-
: r,on& are of a twofold cnaiacter, extending to the regular-
, iry or k-gahty of their appointments, and of their omission
to qualify, by taking the proper oath of office. I will not
stop to inquire whether these inspectors, in these several
cases, were inspector de jure or not. It is sufficient that
they were inspector <7e facto. They came into office by color
of title, and that is sufficient to constitute them officers de
facto. The rule is well settled, by a long series of adjudi-
cations, both m England and tlits country, that acts done
by those who are olfieeis de facto, are good and valid,as re-
gards the public and third p.-rsons who have an interest m
their acts, and the rule has been applied to acts jundical,
as well as ministerial, m their character. This doctrine has
been held and applied to almost every conceivable case. It
cannot be profitable to enur into any extended discussion
of the cases. The principle has become endless in which
the rule has been applied."
"And so here [says the gentleman from Indiana] the law
will not stop to inquire whetherSulhvan was judge de Jure.
If he had color of title, and was judge de facto, it is suffi-
cient."
The gentleman from Indiana then refers to the
case of the Mohawk and Hudson Railroad Com-
pany, (19 Wendell, 143,) and to 7 Wendell, 264;
1 Johnson, 500; and adds:
" But, Mr. Speaker, it i« ngt necessary to produce addi-
tional ciuthoiity. Case after ea?e might be cited of irregu-
lauty in the appointment of judge* and inspectors, and the
manner of conducting election*; but m no case has a mere
niegularity ever disfranchised the electors, or invalidated au
el> etiori. This is the whole of the case in the set-ond ward
of the citv of Davton ; and, I *ay, as the judge went into
office under the color of title, and as the election was tan ly
conducted, the ietui us deserve to be received and consid-
ered by tilts House."
So much.in respect to the oath administered to
these officers. They were officers acting as such
de facto; and theirprocecdings cannot be set aside.
But, sir, the gentleman contends that we must
set aside the whole returns from the Florence pre-
cinct because the polls were kept open till after
six o'clock in the afternoon, the hour fixed by
law for their being closed. I can find but a single
case like this m the annals of the House; and that
is the one referred to by the gentleman—the case
in Virginia. There the law ptovided the e'ection
to be held for three days. The judges held over,
and some votes were received on the fourth day.
The committee decided—and the House con-
firmed that decision—that the votes received oil
the last day should be excluded. There is no
other authority on that point. In this case the
testimony is conclusive, from three witnesses who
were officers of the election, that no more than fif-
teen votes were received after the hour of six
o'clock.
Mr. DAWES. Did the judges of election give
. any reason for their having kept the polls open ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. They did. I
will state the reason.
Mr. DAWES. Did they know anything about
the law r
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. At the pre-
vious elections it had been competent for the offi-
cers to keep the polls open,tif they saw fit, till a
later hour than six. That appears from the Ne-
braska laws before the committee. Whether the
judges were aware of the change of the law or not,
we shall see as we go along.
Mr. DAWES. 1 want to know whether they
gave out, as an excuse for having violated the law,
that they did not know what it was?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. They did not
at the time, that I am aware of.
Mr. DAWES. Then, if they did not, I pre-
sume that excuse did not exist.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. But to pro-
ceed; one of the witnesses, Robert W. Steele, tes-
tifies:
<•' First interrogatory. What i  your age, occupation, and
whore do you reside ?
i " J3ntwer. My age is about thirty-eight years; my busi-
. ness, lawyer and land agent; my residence, Floience one
' year sinoo, but now m the Saratoga precinct, Nebraska Ter-
ritorv.
" Sccond interrogatory. Do you know anything about an
election being held m the Florence precinct, m Douirlas
county, for member of Congress and other officers m Au-
gust, 1857.
" Jlnsv<er. I do.
" Third interrogatory. Ehd you attend the said election ?
" jJnsu-er. I did; I was one of the judge* of said election.
" Fowtk interrogatory. Please to state all you know about
the tune the polls opened and closed at said election.
jUiiw er. The polls were opened at nine o'clock, a m.,
near as I could judge ; they iveie held open until seven
o'clock p.m.. or a little after, probably atter seven ; we.the
judges ot the election, had that question under considera-
tion, whether we were bound toclo^e thp po!I<- at six o'clock
p. m., and we came to the conclusion that the law author-
ized us to keep the polls open to afford an opportunity for
all to vote."
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] will see what the judges thought:
"Andif \\q* ifpiesenred tons that th«'re were eight or
ten voteto out on the praine making hay, and we held the
