1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 m
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Acquisition of Cuba—Mr. Mallory.
Senator..
of the intended importation, spiritedly remon-
strates, and demands the Captain General's inter-
ference; and this officer, in appearance at least,
adopts active measures to prevent it; but it rarely
amounts to anything. If any slaves are taken,
the affair is so managed that the trader is suffered
to escape with enough to make a fair profit; and
if any participant has to be imprisoned for a few
days, it is usually the captain of the partido, who
runs this risk and charges accordingly. Thus is
theslave trade conducted; and while itis manifest
that the trade could not exist a day without the
connivance of the Captain General, it is equally
obvious that it is impossible to obtain accurate
information as to the number of slaves annually
introduced. I have examined all the received au-
thonties.upon this point, and I have reason to
believe the number generally overstated.
Lippincou says, that in 1844, when the trade was
uncommonly active, the importation reached ten
thousand; but General Crawford, whose means
of obtaining correct information entitle his state-
ments to great consideration,.does notestimate it
at over six thousand
Mr, President, I totally dissent from the asser-
tion that the plantation slaves of Cuba are replaced
by importations every seven years; and from the
assertion of my friend from South Carolina [Mr.
Hammond] that the climate of Cuba is adverse to
the African. Cuba is but a degree south of Flor-
ida, whe i c our statistics show the negro is health-
ier than in any other portion of our country.
The southern keys of Florida are in latitude 24°
33', and Cuba lies southeast about ninety-four
miles from them; and while Florida is but little
elevated above tide-water, a backbone of mount-
ains traverses Cuba from east to west;
With similar treatment, the plantation negro in
Cuba >g:ould be what he is in Florida—the freest
from disease and care, the happiest and the most
enduring of his race on the face of the earth.
But it must be remembered that, so long as the
slave trade exists, increase by births is discour-
aged, not only by the interest of the planters, but
by the prejudices of those in cities owning do-
mestics.
The trader finds the expense and trouble of
bringing females equal to that of bringing males
from Africa; and as the female is worth only about
one half or three fifths as much as the male of the
same age, but few females are brought, the pro-
portion being about one to six.
Hence we find scarcely a female on some plant-
ations, except a few domestics about the houses.
Now, sir, annex Cuba and abolish the trade,
and the females would be sent from the cities and
towns to the plantations, their places would be
supplied by the coolies, or the Islanias, and the
domestic slavery of Cuba, like the island gener-
ally, would soon be Americanized.
I trust that I do not shock the prejudices of any
of my friends when I say that the continuance of
the African slave trade is the greatest curse that ,
could have been inflicted upon Cuba; for to that,, 1
and that alone, is she indebted for the deathly pall j
that wraps her in despotism to-day. 1
Spain has violated her treaty obligations to en- !
courage it, because she deliberately adopted the :
horrible policy of ever keeping a large number of j
negroes, fresh from their jungles in Africa, ready j
to turn upon the people; savages, with whom j
slaughter is pastime; and one of her ministers, j
with a cold-blooded forecast unsurpassed, has cal- |
culated that the ability of Spain to turn these ne- i
groes upon the people, is equal, in controlling j
Cuba, to an army of one hundred thousand men. [
It has kept the people in constant terror of in- |
snrrection, and afforded a plea to the Crown for j
keeping amongst them a standing army of soldiers, '
spies, and informers. Upon this point General i
Concha's authority will be admitted. Upon the '
expiration ol his first term of service in Cuba, he
published a memoir, in which he comes to the
conclusion that to the balance between the white
and colored races, is Spain indebted for her tenure
of the island, and for the failure of Cuba to go off
with the other American provinces in 1823, when
Spain had but three regiments there.
The existence of this slave trade has moreover^
furnished to Great Britain a pretext for interfer-
ing, from time to time, in the affairs of Cuba in a
very remarkable manner; and I think we are jus-
tified in believing, nay, I think we would be cul-
pably incredulous, were we not to believe, that
England's stern and settled policy is to attain the
liberation of every negro imported into Cuba since
1820,, and thus to reduce it to the condition of St.
Domingo.
From the following dispatch of Mr. Crawford
to Lord Clarendon in 1855, written at Havana,
we can infer the rate of bribery in this- trade:
" Your lordship wiJl be able to form some idea of the na-
ture of such arrangements by the details I am .enabled to
furnish of what was effected at Santa Cruz, oft the south
side of the island, when five huhdred bozals were landed
near that place la August last, viz"•
Gold—Ounces,
To the commanding officer .       468
To the captain of the port    234 ,
To the collector of the port    2U0
To the tide-surveyor -  200
Total      1,102
"This arrangement was made upon four hundred and
sixty-eight slaves, the rest being week and sickly, (rather
over forty dollars a head,) which must be considered a re-
markably cheap bargain of its kind."
acquisition of cuba.
I trust, sir, that it may not be deemed unbe-
coming in me, or violative of any courtesy which
this body, and which I, as an American Senator,
owe to a friendly Power, to stand here in my
place and announce to the world my conviction,
as I now do, that this cold-blooded and barbar-
ous policy is now being pursued by that Govern-
ment.
The views entertained in the past, as well as in
the present, by Great Britain and ourselves, upon
the present and future condition of the African
race on this continent, are well determined by the
course and action of each. She, partly induced
by a spurious philanthropy, partly moved by a
desire to develop her Indian empire, and to in-
jure the United States, adopted the emancipation
measure, and prostrated the most productive,
prosperous, and valuable colonies that ever an
empire owned, to beggary, ignorance, and bar-
barism; and in this condition she maintains them
that the negro may be free; free to violate all his
duties to himself, to his fellow, and to his God—
a condition which reduces him to hellish slavery,
and conducts him back to his original barbarism.
And having done this with her own colonies—
and her objects yet unattained—are we to sup-
pose she will pause in her career with the colon-
ies of Spain ?
To hamper, crib, cabin, and confine the prog-
ress of our country, she bestows unceasing vigi-
lance. Why, sir, I remember that you yourself,
[Mr. Mason in the chair,] not two years "ago, as
the head of our Committee on Foreign Relations,
brought to the notice of this body, not. only her
encroachments on this continent, but her active
interference to prevent us from acquiring simple
coal deposits for our Navy.
Her trade with Cuba now is considerable, but
if it were Africanized it would pass at once, as a
free black colony under her protection, at the
doors of our southern States; and she would not
only have a monopoly of its trade, but the regu-
lation of its tariff.
But let us look at the direct evidence before us.
Great Britain's tone and language upon our Cu-
ban policy have been uniform for a half a century,
always expressing her determination against its
tiansfer to us.
I will notgo over the evidence so ably presented
by my friend from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,]
to show that she has twice attempted to get Cuba
secretly. She values Gibraltar as a possession
beyond all price, because it is the key to the Med-
iterranean; but what is Gibraltar m comparison
to Cuba, where she could not only command our
Mediterranean, but where she could, for all time
to come, planta free-negro soldiery upon our bor-
ders, and within a night of our shores?
But I will pass on to the direct proof of her pol-
*CY-
I have just seen an able article in the La Patrie,
(published in Paris,) of the 17th ultimo, in which
this language is used:
il To protect Cuba against the covetous Americans. Spam
ought, above all, to count on England, who has also Ja-
maica and so many other important islands to defend ; but
the former intimate leiations between Spain and England
have greatly changed during the last twenty years; and the
piincipal cause, not to say the only causey of this coldness
is the undeniable continuance of the Cuban sjave .trade and
the tolerance, but little disguised, thai/the Spanish author-
ities afford to this inhuman traffic: This continuance ofthe
trade, in-obliging England to maintain, from self-esteem^ a
squadron m the sea of the Antilles, is the source-of.con-
tinued difficulties which spring iij> periodically between
England and the United States." * * * *
" The Spanish Ministry knows well— and that is the chief
motive that determines its present conduct—thatthe aboli-
tion of slavery is the mo«t infallible means of assuring to
Spain the possession, of Cuba. Independence would suit
certain planters who have daily relations with New Orleans
and New York. The most solid aid of Spanish mle are
the two hundred thousand mulattoes of Cuba, who are to-
day free men, in possession of every civil and political
right, and who would, the day following its annexation to
the United States, fall back to the level of the slaves. To
fortify thih class by the addition of all the negroes still in the
bonds of slavery would be to rai*.e an insurmountable bar-
rier to American invasion. Free them, and they would
sooner perish under the banner of Spain than submit to the
reestablishmetit of service by the hands of Americans. Thus
has it always been believed that the Governors General have
received, in their secret instructions, the authorization to
proclaim their emancipation the day m which the authority
of Spam m Cuba would be in peril. It is much belter for
Spam to gradually prepare the emancipation than have re-
course to such an extreme measure.
" Cuba, peopled by mulattoes and free blacks, would no
longer be the prey that to-day the Americans aspire after.
The southern States urge the acquisition of that island be-
.cause they could divide it into two States, and could thus
reestablish in the Senate and House the equilibrium of
votes, which now stand to their disadvantage. Cuba, be-
sides, would serve them as a depot, to which they could
draw the negroes of Africa, and to give a great impetus to
the slave trade. With the perspicacity and the vigilance of
which the American custom-house officers have given evi-
dence, it would not be difficult to land at Chaileston or
Baltimore, as coming from Cuba, negroes brought directly
from Guinea or Mozambique; and thus they could put an
end to the period of high-priced slaves, this plague which
ruins the producers of sugarand cotton. But Cuba, peopled
with free men j Cuba, bunging as citizens into the great
Republic of men a people of mixed blood, and of veritable
negroes, would b • no more the aim of the men of the South;
she would, on the contiary, be a dangerous example and a
source of continual apprehension*.
"Spain is, therefore, well inspired, in seeking m the
emancipation of the blacks the salvation of her finest colony.
May the efforts of the O'Ponnell Cabinet be crowned with
success. May brilliant experience show once more that
true policy is that which serves best the interests of human-
ity."
This extract is significant.
Now, sir, let me ask the attention of the Sen-
ate to a few extracts from dispatches of British
ministers, touching this question; and, first, I will
read from a dispatch addressed by Mr. Grawford,
at Havana, to the Captain General df Cuba, dated
31st March, 1855.
The ei emancipated " here alluded to, are those
who had been captured, on being imported, and
farmed put, with a ticket as emancipados.
am also instructed to refer your Excellency to the as-
surance givm by the Conde de Aleoy to Lord Howden, in
March, 1853, that ail the captured slaves in Cuba—whose
hb«rty the Spanish Crown bound itself, by the treaty of
3817, to giiai an tee—should receive their freedom before the
end ot 1853; and, at the same time, those c.iptured negroes
to whom immediate hbeity was piomised by Spam, under
article thirteen of the treaty of 1835, should be hboiated as
soon as they had completed a term of five years, to be reck-
oned from the date of their last assignment.
'•I am therefore instructed by the Earl of Clarendon to
state these views to yout ExoeMencj, on the part of her
Maje:ity'* Government, and to remind your E\cellency of
the content--of thedi-patch fiom General Valdez, of the
30th of Apul, 1K42, winch was communicated officially to
her Majesty's Government, and in which Genetai Valdez
promised that, on the completion of five >ears liom that
date, all the emancipated negroes were to enjoy perfect
freedom."
Here is the British consul general writing a
diplomatic note to the Captain General of Cuba,
under instructions from Lord Clarendon, an-
nouncing to him the failure of the promise made
ji by General Valdez, that every negro imported into
i Cuba since 1820 should be ftee. if our authority
| for the position which we take rested only here,
i it would certainly be sufficient to arouse the at-
! tention of this country. Who can contemplate this
' condition of things in the Island of Cuba calmly i
; I ask, is there a patriot who does notshrink from
; the Africanization of Cuba—a term which vividly
recalls the unutterable horrors of St. Domingo—
and which embraces within its ample signification
j murder, rapine, and desolation; and lives there a
1 man, honored by the American people by their
I confidence here, who would for a moment hesi-
[ tate to interpose all the power of this Government
I to avert from Cuba, from our age, and our race,
. so dark, so sad a fate?
i In 1841, England endeavored to establish a
i British tribunal in Cuba, with power to decide the
status of the negroes making application to it.
i Lord Aberdeen, in a dispatch of 31st December,
