1850.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
poll? open after bix o'clock to give them time to come m and
vote.
"Fifth interrogatory. Were those who were out making
hay legni voter- ?
" Avm er. We thought r.o at the time, and £ believe they
all voted, at lea-t they w'te not challenged, as I know ol'.
" Sixlitin'er rogatory. About how many votes were polled i
aftei mx o'clock ?
" w?ns(i-er. To the best of my recollection not to exceed
fifteen.
" Screnthintcrrogatory. Do you know of any illegal voting
on that day ?
" Ansxier. I do not.
"Eighth interrogatory. Were there any challenges of
voters on that day; and if so, what was done by the judges ?
Answer. There were challenges; some on account of
age; some on account of residence, &c.; when challenged,
in all cases, the applicant was sworn, or required to pro-
duce Ins ceitificate of citizenship; tlus was done m all
cases." „
Another witness, James C. Mitchell, who was
asked why the polls were kept open, testified as
follows:
I understood the object to be to permit voter? who were
out on the prame making hay and at work down on the
ferry boat to come m I knew the men ; they weie old res-
idents here, and I supposed they were legal voters. 1 am
not certain they were all citizens of the United Btates, but
I supposed they were, and had a right to vote. It has been
the i.ustom here, to keep the polls open until the voters were
ail in that ive knew of
" Fifth interrogatory. Do you know of any illegal voting
on that day?
e< Answer. I do not. I heard of one man who it is said
voted that had no right to vote—that was O. B. Seidell; he
claimed to have voted (oi General Thayer.
'• Sixth interrogatory. Do you know of any Mormon or
emigrant train near here at Unit time ?
liAmner. There was no Mormon or emigiant tram near
here at that time, and none such voted. I was acquainted
with nearly everv man who voted here on tin-it day, exccpt
the voters ftom .Saratoga, and I believe thete vva-- none of
those whom f knew voted who had not a ught to vote.
Sixth interrogatory. How many were there liom Sara-
toga ?
" Ansicer. About thirty. Most of them voted for General
Thayer, some, pet haps, for Mr Chapman. X do not think
any of them voted toi Mi. Feiguson.
" Seventh interrogatory. What do you say wa? the pop-
ulation ot Florence precinct at that time, and what propoi-
tion of them weie Mormon*'
(l Ansicer. I think not less than two thousand population,
and not more thin one hundred actual Mormon?-, and not
twohundied of Moimon* and their sympathizer; not to .
exceed one tenth of the population."
Another witness, Levi Hart, one of the judges
of the election, in answer to the question why he
held the polls open after six o'clock, testified:
" I have been one of the judges of the election at this pre-
cinct ai all the elections held here except the first. It has
never been our practice to clo>e precisely at six o'clock. I
do not know that we have ever held open as long before.
We waited for some voters to come in fiom the prame.
Accoiduig to our c<1?HtiucLion of the law, we supposed wc
were not bound to close at precisely six o'clock.
'• Fifth interrogatory. Were tho^e persons icsidentsand
legal voters ?
"Answer. They were.
" Sixth interrogatory. About how many votes were polled
after fix o'clock'th.U day ?
a Ansa er I should think about fifteen.
'• S>-ienth intcrro gntoi  /. Do you know of any fraudulent
or illegal votinc on that day?
Answer. I did not. I refused to take seveial votes
which 1 knew to be illegal."
Such is the testimony of four or five witnesses—
I have not read all—men who stand unimpeached
before this House; men who were there, and
were bound to know, and did know, the facts
which transpired there; and if their testimony is
. true, there was no fraud committed in that pre-
cinct. And yet we are called upon to throw aside
all this testimony, and to regard the affidavits of
men who only retailed miserable hearsay! Shall
we do thatr Shall we disfranchise this whole pre-
cinct, all these voters, because of the mistakes of
officers of election—if there were mistakes? No,
sir; it never has been done. In one instance,
where votes were received after the hour for the
polls to close had arrived, the House excluded all
votes castafter tiiat time. From the Florence pre-
cinct, we deducted the fiReen votes received attcr
six o'clock, in accordance with the Virginia pre-
cedent.
Jjfow, what are the facts in regard to the Mon-
roe precinct? The evidence in regard to that pie-
cinct, on tile one side, comes from Creighton and
Nichols, men who rode ovei from Omaha, to see
what they could see, and hear what they could
hear; and then made affidavits of what they saw
and heard. On the other side is the testimony of
a large number of witnesses whose residence was
in that precinct, who swear that there were as
large a number of voters in that preemctas voted,
and larger, and that the election was conducted
iegallyln all particulars.
Let me c'ail your attention to the testimony in
regard to the Monroe precinct, and the Cleveland
precinct. Mr. George-F. Kennedy testifies:
<(Eleventh interrogatory. Were you at that time ac-
quainted in the Monroe precinct, in Monroe county ; if so,
what, in your opinion, was the population of that precinct,
and what number ot votes were there ?
<k Answer. I tlnnk the population (permanent settlers)
was about two hundred; they were noaily all men, and I
should think there was at least one hundred and twenty
voters.
11 Twelfth interrogatory. What amount of improvements
had they there at that time ?
" Amwer. Tnev had about eight hundred acres in culti-
vation.
il Thirteenth interrogatory. Were there any Mormons or
emigrant tiams m or near the precinct at that tune?
" Answer. There were no trains theie, or near there, at
the tune of the election.
" Fourteenth, interrogatory Did you hear John Reek's
testimony, given in behalf of Mr. Chapman at Omaha, m
November last, beiore Judge Wakely ?
u Answer. No.
" Fifteenth interrogatory. What was your opportunity of
knowing about the hone.'ty or lmuds'of the election in
Cleveland precinct as compared with Mr. Keck ?
£; Answer. I consider my opportunity much better than
Mr. Reek's, as I was on the giound nearly all day, and Mr.
Keck was not; he passed by wheie the polls weie m the
morning, and did not return during the da}. In the Mon-
roe preemct, I think my opportunity as good at lea^t as Mr.
Reek's; I had been through there and seen the voters, and
formed my opinion of their numbeis. J do not believe that
a lull vote was polled m either of eaid precincts. I know
that a full one was not polled m the Cleveland precmct."
Again, here is the testimony of Charles H.
Whaley:
" First interrogatory. What is your ago, business, place
of residence, and how long have you ie ided there''
" Answer. My age is thirty years ; my business, a farmei ;
my t evidence, Monroe, Nebiaska Territory; and I have re-
tided theic since the 11th day of May, 1857.
Second interrogatory. Do you hold any county office?
Answer. I am p:obate judge of that county.
" Third interrogatory. Did you attend the election there
m August, 1857 ?
" Answer. X did; I went there the evening before the
election.
" Fourth interrogatory Wore you pretty well acquainted
m Mom oe and Genoa at that tune ; it'so, how many inhabit-
ants and voters were in the precinct at that time. ?
" Answer. I was pretty well acquaint* d. I should think
there were from one hundred and fifty to two handled in-
habitant^, and about one hundred voters in that precmct.
u Fifth interrogatory. Fiom your knowledge ot the voters
of the county and of {ho election, vviiat would you say of
the fairness of the election ? Did you know of any illegal
voting ?
" Answer. I should think th  election a fair one in that
precinct. I did not know of one illegal vote."
So here we have, in reference to this Monroe
precinct, the testimony of the judge of probates,
who swears that he voted for Chapman, and that
there was no fraud or illegality in that election.
"Who knows best, he or the strangers whose tes-
timony is relied upon by contestant? The wit-
ness was a friend of Chapman, yet knowing the
facts, he is obliged to say the election was prop-
erly conducted, and that there was no illegal
voting. Does not this show that there was no
fraud and no illegal voting, notwithstanding #the
appearance of the names of Twist and Welter on
the poll lists?
Sir, the majority do not allege or maintain that
the voting at this precinct was all fraudulent; they
admit, and say, that there were many good and
legal votes cast there. They do not claim that
there is such evidence of fraud or wrong as should
set aside the whole poll—not at all. They only
ask us, out of the eighty-seven votes, to cast off
forty. Upon what basis, upon what theory,
upon what calculation, have we any right to cut
off forty more, than we have to cut off thirty or
twenty? They ask us arbitrarily,upon the msre-
estguesses, to say that forty votes, nobody knows
who, nobody knows why, or for whom their
votes were cast, should be struck off from this
hst;when the judge of probate who voted for Mr.
Chapman, and who was present all the time,
| swears that there was no illegality, no falsehood,
i no fraud, and that there were at least one hun-
! dred voters within the precinct. Gentlemen allege
i that the votes of these piecincts fell off the next
1 year. What if they did? There is no mystery
! about this. And there is no mystery about the
■ Cleveland precmct. There is no mystery about
j the Florence precinct. The population of these
new border towns is constantly changing. A town
i may have a population of two or three hundred
t people, and they are in large proportion voters
'i thss year, and next year they may go off some-
ii where else, for impromptu cities are springing up
ij everywhere, and the floating population of which
H they are in good pait, pass from one to another.
!; The deciease in the vote, I am informed, has been
as great in other precincts of the Territory as in
either of these. It does not follow that because
the vote was smaller this year than last, the vote
is illegal. Last year the election was a most
exciting one, and all voters were brought out.
How this was this year, X have no knowledge.
In regard to Cleveland, there were some twenty
or thirty young men who had been in the Ter-
ritory for more than two months—not less than
two months, as the gentleman from Indiana
says, but more than two months—as this record
proves upon the testimony of witnesses. By
the laws of Nebraska, they were entitled to vote.
They had been in the precinct of Cleveland more
than twenty days. As the testimony proves,
they went there the last of June or the first of
July, and the election did not come off until Au-
gust. They had been in the precinct, then, twenty
days, and in the Territory, as several witnesses
swear, two months and more; and they had a
right to vote. Yet, John Reck, one of the wit-
nesses at Omaha, ten miles from Cleveland, swears
that he knows that they were residents of Flor-
ence, a town eighty-three miles off. That a man
i thus situated, in reference to what he states,
j should swear so positively, determines the char-
i actcr of his testimony. What wholesale swear-
i ing! This man could not know the truth of wh&t
i he testified to; and not knowing, he had no busi-
I ness to attempt to state. That testimony is val-
j ueless upon its face. Thc&i; young men were in
! Cleveland for the purpose of building a hotel.
| They had been there for more than twenty days,
; in the Territory for two months, and so were all
voters. They had no residence elsewhere. Hav-
ing no families, they resided at Cleveland while
they worked there; they had no other home or
residence. But it is not important how this was;
for, unless you can exclude the Florence or Mon-
roe precinct, or more than fifteen votes from the
former, which you cannot, or some forty from,
Monroe, which you cannot, except by guess,
Ferguson remains elected.
I beg paidon of the House for having detained
it so long. I did not intend to speak but a few
moments when I rose, but I felt that it would be
unsafe to establish, and I deemed that this House
should not establish, a precedent so mischievous
and dangerous as would be established if we were
to deprive the sitting member of his seat upon the
evidence adduced by the contestant.
Mr. BOYCE. Mr. Speaker, it is not my pur-
pose to occupy the attention of the House for
more than five or ten minutes in stating the trea-
sons why I am unable to concur in the report of
the majority of the Committee of Elections.
Mr.'GROW. Will the gentleman yield for a
motion to adjourn ?
Mr. BOYCE. I prefer to go on now. In a
case of this character,, it seems to me that a sit-
ting member should not be dispossessed of his
seat upon doubtful testimony. The party con-
testing ought to make his case out clcarly. Ques-
tions like this, too, ought to be decided according
to justice and their merit, uHthout paying too
much attention to mere technicalities. Several
technical points have been raised here and stren-
uously insisted on by the gentleman from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Wilson.] It has been said that the
managers of the election were not sworn in by
the proper officers. Who swears them in ? No-
taries public. I am not clear that notaries public
had not a good right to swear them in. What
does the law say? That the managers shall be
qualified by subscribing to the following oath,
" by any person authorized by law to administer
oaths." The question of notaries public admin-
istering oaths was not mooted in the Territory
at the time of this election. Since then a decision
has been made, in an attachment case, that a
notary public cannot administer an oath neces-
sary to institute the proceedings, and that their
power to administer oaths is confined to commer-
cial matters, i see no reason why a notary public
could not swear in the managers of the election.
It seems to me that any person who had a right
to administer oaths coula have sworn in these
managers. The law required the managers to
swear that they " would faithfully discharge the
duty of inspectors of elections, according to law,
and the best of their ability." What was the
oath they took? They swore that they would
support the Constitution of the United States,
anU faithfully and impartially discharge the du-
