1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
he offers these medals as a token of his good will
—a high mark of distinction to men whose only-
title is their labors for the benefit of mankind.
The presentation could not have come from any
Government in Europe that would render it more
acceptable to an American citizen. He is a King
not so much exalted by the throne upon which he
sits as by the great virtues and good government
■which distinguish him. Not only so, sir, but in
him are, in my humble judgment, the best and the
brightest hopes for the regeneration of Italy, and
the restoration of independence and freedom to it.
I therefore choose to honor this presentation to
our fellow-citizens by such an expression, so far
as my humble opinion goes, and I think I speak
only the sentiment of the Senate, when I say that
1 desire to show our respect to the donor, as well
as to those to whom he has given these presents.
I hope the resolution will be passed at once.
Mr. SHIELDS. Mr. Piesident, it appears
from the report of the Senator fiom Kentucky
that the King of Sardinia has been pleased to di-
rect that gold medals be presented, in his name,
as a testimonial of respect to Captain Maury and
Professor Bache, and this resolution is intended
to grant permission to those gentlemen to accept
this royal present. It is gratifying to see the
scientific services of these distinguished citizens
thus recognized and appreciated by one of the
most enlightened rulers of Europe. The gracious
manner in which this handsome compliment has
been communicated by the Sardinian Minister
enhances its value by giving us assurance of the !
fuendly sentiments of his sovereign towards this !
country; and I think I may safely assert that these i
amicable sentiments are cordially reciprocated by j
the people and Government of the United States, j
By his wise and successful efforts for the moral i
and material improvement of his people, Victor jj
Emmanuel II. has won the respect and sympathy ij
riot only of this Republic* but of the most en- ||
lightened of the European nations. He is regarded
here and in Em ope as the fi iend of progress, civ- i i
ilization, and liberal institutions, and his Govern- jj
ment is looked to as the light and hope of modern I,
Italy. Wo all love and venerate the name of
Italy. We are accustomed to turn to the history j!
of that classic land for those grand examples, in '
war and pcace, that serve to strengthen our minds i ■
and exalt our souls in all the great emergencies of ]:
life; and we like to think of the Government of ji
Sardinia as the harbinger of a regeneration in that ! j
beautiful country, winch will prove to the world j!
that the present Italian race, under favorable cir- j:
cumstauees, is not inferior in any respect to any >
other racc or people on the face of the globe. j.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com- | (
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the j1
joint resolution (H. R. No. 52) giving the con-
sent of Congress to the acceptance, by Capiain ■
M. F. Maury and Professor A. 0. Bache, of gold I,
medals from the Sardinian Government, as a mm k I,
of its appreciation of their scientific labors and
achievements. ;
The resolution was reported to the Senate with- |
out amendment; and the question was stated to 1
be on oid«'iingit to a third reading. ::
Mr. HALE. I shall not vote against this res- i
olution, because there are too many precedents of
tins sort heretofore; but I think the thing has,
been carried altogether too far. We are making
oursclvps ridiculous, by occupying ourselves with ;
the question of giving leave to gentlemen to re- ;
ceive snuff boxes, and such things as that. I !
think the taking of snuff a bad practice, any how. 1
[Laughter.] 1 shall not, however, as it has been •
done heretofore, object in this particular instance,
but I am opposed to the practice generally, and ■-
hereafter will vote against it.
Mr. SHIELDS. The honorable Senator, I
think, has not heard the resolution read, fur he ,
certainly misunderstands it. ;
Mr. HALE. I shall not object to it this time.
Mr. SHIELDS. Theie is nothing in it about
snuff-boxes. i
Mr. HALE. I know that: it is for a medal. '•
The joint resolution was ordered to a third;'
reading, was read the third time, and passed. I
LIGHT-HOUSE DUES. jj
Mr. SLTDELL. I was not in my scat yester-
day, when a response was made by the Secretary
of the Treasury to a call that the Senate made, 1
on my motion, for information on the subject of
light-house dues. I ask that it be now taken from
the table and referred to the Appropriate commit-
tee. It contains a great deal of valuable inform-
ation in a very, compendious form. I wish to
make a motion, also, to print the usual number of
copies; and I hope it will be agreed to, by unan-
imous consent, without reference to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
The report was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask that the question be
taken on printing it. Itis a very shortdocumerit.
The info rmation is necessary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider thatmotion. The
Chair hears no objection.
The motion was agreed to.
COASTWISE COMMERCE.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (S. No. 75) to enable the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to carry into effect the
provisions of the joint resolution of Congress ap- ,
proved May 14, 1&56, in regard to the statistics j
of the coastwise commerce of the United States j
I between the Atlantic and Panfic ports, to report :
; the same back without amendment, and recom- '
mend its passage: and I ask the consent of the 1
Senate to put it upon its passage at this timf. I '
think there will be no objection to it. It will not ;
take a minute. i
There being no objection, the Senate, as in :
Committee.of the Whole, proceeded to consider!
the joint resolution, for the purpose of enabling ;
the Seciotary of the Treasury to carry into effect !
the provisions of the joint resolution of Congress ;
of May 14, 1856. This joint resolution proposes :
to extend the provisions of section eleven of the 1
act entitled "An act for obtaining accurate state- ■
ments of*the commerce of the United Siates,"' to !
apply to the owners 0£ masteis of vessel* en- ]
gaged in the coastwise trade between the Atlantic,
and the Pacific coasts of the United States, and
to the owners, shippers, or consignors, of goods "
and merchandise by such vessels.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen- 1
ate without amendment, ordered to he engrossed ■
for a third reading, read the third time, and passed. ;
PETITIONS AXD MEMORIALS. j
Mr. PUGH presented the memorial of H. H. '
Robinson, late United States marshal for the i
southern district of Ohio, praying mdemnifica- |
tion for expenses incurred and losses suffered in 1
the dischaige of the duties of his office; which '
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, i
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of John :
Sample, praying tlut the apparatus invented by ■
him to protect tiilcr-ropes from fire, be tested, with j
a view to its adoption in the pub'ic service; which '
was refeired to the Committee on Naval Affairs, i
Mr IVERSON presented papers in favor of
the establishment of a mail route from Howard
station, on the Muscogee railroad, to Ps-attsburg, 1
in Georgia; winch were referred to the Committee i
on the Post Office and Post Roads. j
Mr. SEBASTIAN presented the memorial of j
William 1<\ Fleckner, praying that, in the organi- ;
Zcilion of theTemtory of Arizona, provision may i
he made for the protection and advancement of j
the aooriginal population; which was ordered to j
lie on the table. j
Mr. POLK presented the memorial of the Wy- .
andott reservccs, praying the confirmation of cer-
tain locations under treaties wjtb said Indians; ;
whi<-h was tefcrred to the Committee on Private :
Land Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER presented papers in relation
to the expediency of rebuilding or repairing the
light-houses at Detour, White Fish Point, and
Mauitou Island; winch were refened to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SEWARD presented the ruemoiial of
Blood, Bond & Pratt, praying that the Secretary
of the Treasury may be authorized to issue re-
gisters to the schooners Helen Blood and Sarah
Bond; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. WADE. I present a petition of citizens
of the United States, praying the passage of a law
to prevent all further trafBc m, and monopolyof,
the public lands of the United States; and that
they belaid out in farms and lots, of limited size,
for the free and exclusive use of actual settlers
only. Mr. President, I hope that the House bill
on this subject will very soon be taken up, and
urged upon the consideration of this bod^. -
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. BRODERICK. I present a petition of cit-
izens of the United States, praying the passage
of a law to prevent all further traffic in, and mo-
nopoly of, the public lands of the United States;
and that they be laid out in farms and lots, of lim-
ited size, for the free and exclusive use of actual
settlers only. I give noticcthat, immediately after
the morning business is through with, I shall
move to postpone all prior orders; for the purpose
of taking up the homestead bill, which is now
lying on the table.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I present.a
petition of citizens of the United States, very nu-
merously signed, praying the passage of a law to
prevent all further traffic in,and monopoly of, the
public lands of the United States, and that they
be laid out in farms and lots, of limited size, for
the free and exclusive use of actual settlers only.
I wish to say that the friends of the measure, at
the very first opportunity, will press the Senate
to take up that subject, andsee ifa little time can-
not be appropriated to so great a measure as that.
The session is now well nigh expired. We have
lost ten or twelve days which could have been
profitably appropriated to this subject. We think
a measure calculated to do so much good, ought
to have a few moments or a few hours of the con-
sideration of the Senate. On the very first oppor-
tunity that occurs, I shall press the taking up of
that proposition.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on'Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred the
memorial of Benjamin Adams and others, soldiers
j of the war of 1812, residing in Ohio, praying the
| passage of a law making provisions for the mdi-
! gent soldiers uf that war, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions-, which was
agreed to.
Mr. JONES, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was" referred the petition of James Mc-
Cutchen, an inmate of the Military Asylum at
Iiarrodsburg, Kentucky, praying that bis pen-
sion may be continued, submitted an adverse re-
port.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report;
and, in concurrence therewith,
Resolved, That the prayer of the petitioner be rejocted.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Vincent Kokowski,
at the Military Asylum, praying to be allowed a
pension to enable him to live with his family, sub-
mitted an adverse report.
The Senate proceeded to consider the report;
and, in concurience therewith,
Resolved, That !he prayer of the petitioner bp rejected.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 364) for the relief
of Mary B. Dusenbury, reported it withoutamend-
menf, with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Comniittee*on In-
dian Affairs, to whom were referred the petition
of D. C. Davis, praying compensation for extra
i services as a watchman in the office of the Com-
I missioner of Indian Affairs; the petition of John
j Ilambleton, praying indemnity for losses ocaa-
i sioned by the Indians on the route between Albu-
I querqueand California; the petition of Gilium and
i William R. Baley, praying indemnity for losses
I resulting- from the depredations of the Mohave In-
] d'ans; the petition of the American Indian Aid
| Association, of New York, praying that no more
! States may be organized out of the public do-
i main without consulting with the Indian.tribes
: inhabiting the same; and the petition of Thomas
O. and Etlward 0. Smith, praying compensation
for supplies furnished to emigrants on the route
to California, asked leave to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr, CLAY, from the Committee on Commerce,
to whom was referred the petition of William H.
Ward, praying the appointment of aboard for
the purpose of examining various systems of ma-
