1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
923
do not wish to argue this question on the other I
side, it is on this ground that I consider the*par- j
ties are not entitled to be heard. The State of ,
Indiana had no right to proceed to an election in I
the fdce of the decision of the Senate. We owe ;
it to the respect due to the body and its judg- j'
ment, that we should be discharged from the ;■
further consideration of the memorial involving ;!
action of that kind on the part of the Legislature 1
of Indiana. i
Mr, SEWARD. The form in which the hon- !j
orable Senator has reported upon this question, |j
does not at all change the nature or character of it. P
It is a report adverse to the claims of the two I'
gentlemen who appear here to contest the seats \
of the incumbents as Senators from Indiana; and j
that report is a subject for consideration and for !
debate; and I am sure that, notwithstanding the \
very forcible argument which lias been made in .
support of ir by the chairman of the Judiciary
Committee, it will not receive the unanimous as-
sent of this House. I do claim that upon this
question, by all the rules of parliamentary pro-
ceedings which have been recognized in this
country, the claimants are entitled to be heard to
debate that question, and I shall insist upon it;
and for that puipose I move to postpone the con-
sideration of this report, in order that, as a pre-
liminary question, we may take up the resolution
admitting these claimants to the bar of the Senate
for the purpose of submitting their views and
their authorities upon this subject.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
[Mr. Clingman] has intimated to me that the Sen-
ate, by general consent, have assigned to him tne
floorat one o'clock to-day to aigue the resolution
of the Senator from Pennsylvania, and has ap-
pealed to me, so far as I was concerned, not to
disturb that arrangement. If it be the pleasure
of the Senate, I will very cheerfully waive the
floor for the purpose of allowing him to proceed;
but if that is not the pleasure of the Senate, I de-
sire to speak upon this Indiana case until we get
to an understanding: upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour of jj
one'o'clock having arrived, it becomes the duty of it
the Chair to announce the unfinished business as
the special order, unless the Senate otherwise
direct.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator from
North Carolina, I understand by the courtesy of
the Senate, is entitled to the floor to-day on the
tariff question. The question of privilege would
not be superseded oy the special order, as I un-
derstand by the practice of the Senate. I move,
however, under those circumstances, that the re-
port of the committee be laid on the table, in order
that the honorable Senator mny proceed.
The PRESi DING OFFICER. The Chair will
regaid that as the sense of the Senate unless ob-
jected to. The business fust in ordei is the bill
(S. No. 497) making appropriations to facilitate
the acquisition of the Island of Cuba by negotia-
tion.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask the Senator from
Louisiana, who has charge of this bill, to allow
it to be passed over informally, to get at the reso-
lution of the Senator ft om Pennsylvania ? That
seemed to be the understanding yesterday, when
we voted to take it up. I do not wish to occupy
much of the tune of the Senate, but I would pre-
fer going on now upon thatresolution, and I hope
there will be no objection to that course.
Mr. SLiDELL. I shall not object to the course
proposed by the Senator from North Carolina.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will regard the resolution of the Senator from
Pennsylvania os before the Senate.
Mr. SLIDELL. I was going to say that I
have no objection to the course proposed by the
Senator from North Carolina. I think H will be
an economy of time. I did suggest to him that
perhaps he might, with propriety, address the Sen- |
ate on the subject, ni connection with the bill for j
the acquisition of Cuba, as the example had been j
set by the other side; but I certainly have no de- ;
sire to see a salutary usage of the Senate inno- !
vated upon, at least on our side. I believe the i
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Simmons] is pre- 1
pared to follow the. Senator from North Carolina. ]
That appeared to be the understanding yester- !
day; and I have no disposition at all to press the j
Cuban bill in contravention of that understanding. [
I give notice, however, that when the Senator from
Rhode Island shall have concluded his remarks,
I will move to postpone the further consideration,
or perhaps to lay the resolution on the table, as
the case may be, and proceed to the consideration
of the bill for the acquisition of Cuba.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to have the
attention of the Senator from Delaware a moment
on this privileged question.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I hope that the Senate will
allow us to proceed with this other question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me a moment? I have no disposition to interfere
with the Senator from North Carolina, who, by
the understanding of the Senate, is to have the
floor; but I wish to say that the Senator from Lou-
isiana has now given notice that, as soon as the
Senator from Rhode Island shall have replied to
the Senator fiom North Carolina,' s will insist
upon taking up the Cuba bill. Nu-.v, here is a
privileged question, and I object to this farming
out of the time of the Senate in this way, so as to
postpone it forever. The gentlemen who are here
from Indiana have a right to have this matter dis-
posed of in some way. I see that we cannot in-
sist upon going on while the Senator from North
Carolina claims the floor. I yield that. I am
sorry that he insists upon gow^ on at this mo-
ment, and does not allow us to finish this other
matter; but I think it due to these gentlemen that
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee should
insist on this being; taken up at, some time. Now,
we have notice that the moment those Senators
are through, another matter is to come up and take
the whole time of the Senate. 1 objcct to that.
Mr. BAYARD. 1 stated, I thought 
Mr. CLINGMAN. If I do not lose my right
to the floor, 1 will yield a moment.
Mr. BAYARD, No, sir; I am not going to
debate the question. I stated that 1 yielded the
floor now for the purpose of enabling the hon-
orable Senator from North Carolina to make the
speech which it was understood he was to make
to-day. I did not then think that I would suffer
any other business to take piecedenee of this
privileged question, and I do not intend that any
other business shall take precedence of it. I am
as desirous of disposing of it as the honorable ;
Senator from Illinois, though for a widely dif- I
ferent reason. I think it js due to those who are I
entitled to these seats, by the judgment of fhe
Senate, that the case should be disposed of. I
do not consider that there is any claimant in this
case.
THE TARIFF.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Bigler
on the Ulst of January:
Resolved, Ai the opinion of the Fcnate, that the crea-
tion of a l.irse public debt in timo of peace i-~ inconsi-tent
with the true policy of the United States; and a-< the pres-
ent revenues are insufficient to meet the unavoidable ex-
penses of tne Government, Congrt*^? s-bould pioceod, with-
out rU'lav, to t> iuadju^t the revenue law- a< not onh to
rivet the deficit in the curient expend'*, but to pay oil" the
ptp^cntdfbt so fat as it may be liable to immediate cancel-
lation.
The pending question being on the following
substitute, submitted by Air. Johnson, of Ten-
nessee:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be, and
he hereby, lequested to cause the heads of the vatious
Executive Depai orient* to submit estimates of tin; expend
mires for the Government to the Thin\-Si\ih Couplers
upon a na.-«i^ not exceeding $50,1)00.000 per annum, exclu-
sive ol the public debt, and the inteie-t then-on.
Rewire/I, That so muchoi'the Pre-nientVsceondannual
menage as relates to a reduction of the expenditure* of the
Government of the United ^tate*, which i? in the following
VMnd:-, to w it; " I invite Cori^re-s to institute a ri td s-ci ti-
nny to asceitam whethci the expenses of all the depart-
ments cannot Ik* still fui ther reduced, and I promise them
all the aid m my power in put*u snathe investigation." be re-
frirtd to the Committee on Fmun* <>. and that •soid commit- i
tec aie heieby m-tiucted, after fn>t confer! injr with and oh ;
taming all u aid" and information fiotn the Pi evident and i
the head* or Depaumr-ms as indicated in the PieMrientN 1
menage, t > lepoit a bill rofo mm<r, as far a« po=s-ibie, all
abuses, if any, in the application of the appropi luuons made
by Conurcsi for the support of the vauou^ Departments,
and vvIik b will induce the expenj-ca w an honest, ngitl, :
economical admim.-tiahon of the Government. I
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, I hope not 1
to occupy the Senate at as «reat length as the gen- i
tiemen who have preceded me on this question, i
The Senator fiom Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler] j
remarked, in opening the debute, that he w> s act- :
mg under the instructions of his Legislature. My j
colleague and I have, likewise, been instructed to j
oppose all increase of duties upon the products
of mining and manufacturing, and to insist upon
making railroad iron free of duty. Here is a col-
lision between States, and the appeal must be to
reason.
The distinguished Senator from Georgia, [Mr.
Toombs,] who yesterday occupied the floor, cov-
ered a portion of the ground which is necessary
to be considered on this question; and everybody
knows that where his scythe has gone, there is
not much left for anybody to glean. Feeling
relieved from a partof the task I had undertaken,
I expect to-day to speak more particularly to an-
other branch of the subject. The President of the
United Slates has recommended specific duties.
He makes no recommendation for anjncrease of
duties, or taxation.
But the friends of increased protection have
"seized upon this occasion, and are making an
effort to get increased duties. The Senator from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigjler] says that he, with
his friends, will be satisfied with fifteen dollars
a ton on bar iron; and his colleague [Mr. Cam-
eron] says eighteen dollars is necessary. We
ali know iron is worth but little more than thirty
dollars a ton in England, and this amounts to fifty
or sixty per cent, on its value. It is an mcrcase,
therefore, of more than double the present rate
of duty, which is twenty-four per cent. The real
question is, whether we are ready for that ? They
say it is necessary to piotect American labor.
How do they propose to effect it ? Is not the ease
fairly stated m this way? A man in the .Northwest
last year worked very hard, and by his labor pro-
duced four hundred bushels of wheat, worth $400.
Another man down South, working equally hard,
produced eight bales of cotton, worth likewise
$400. Each of these men proposes to exchange
his product for bar iron, and an Englishman stands
ready to give each of them ten tons of it for his
product; but a Pennsylvania iron-master says;
'' This man is a foreigner; I am yourcountrvman;
trade with me." They assent to it, and an ex-
change is proposed between them, tie says:4 4 My
iron costs me more to make it than the English iron
costs its manufacturer, and 1 cannot let you have
more than seven tons." They decline his offer,
and are not willing, in this way, to lose the value
of three tons of iron. He then appeals to the
Government to impose a duty, or tax, of thirty
per cent, on all purchases from the English, ana
it is done. One of these men says: " I shall lose
the value of three tons, if 1 trade with the Eng-
lishman ; I may as well trade with you. Take my
wheat, and give me seven tons of iron." The
Pennsylvania!!, however, says: " I have supplied
myself with wheat from my neighbor aheady;
sell your wheat for money, and then buy my
iron." He goes to the Englishman and asks cash
for his wheat, but is Qiet with I his declaration: " I
could give you the ten tons of iron for your wheat,
but I am not prepared to pay you the money."
Suppose, howevei, he does succeed m selling for
cash: if he then purchases the iron from the Penn-
sylvanian, he loses three tons; and if his fellow
does likewise, he loses the value of three tons of
lion also. I use this simple illustration, but it is
a fair statement of the case; and the result is, that
each of those individuals loses the value of three
tons of iron, and the manufacturer gets six, and
the Government receives not one cent. That is
the policy to which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Cameron] is endeavoring todnve us,
by excluding foreign productions altogether. If,
however, it should turn out, as is really the fact,
that the Pennsylvania*! has only seven tons of
iron, and cannot supply the demand of both, then
one of these men has to purchase of the foreigner,
and the result is, the Government gets the value
of three tons m duties; the Pennsylvania!) gets
three tons as protection, and these individuals lose
six between them.
Now, Mr. President, it is very easy to see that
if the object of this taxation was to support the
Government, these two individuals might pay the
tax with half the expenditure to themselves. They
have to pay, on the one hand, to the Government,
and on the other, to the manufacturer, an equal
amount. As the Government got the value of
only three tons, half that sum, paid by each of
them, would have answered the purpose. For
example: the importations last year of tea and
coffee were about twenty-seven million dollars;
and the consumption of sugar likewise about
