1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
927
taxes themselves, but they mean that they shall
be thrown upon other people.
There is another of their peculiarities and mis-
fortunes that I must comment upon. They tell us
it is a great universal law, that wheneycr you tax
a thing, though it will be a little higher for a few
years, you ultimately make'it cheap. I have said
to some of these gentlemen, you want your raw
materials, your chemicals, your dye-stuffs, all
very cheap; now let us tax them. The very mo-
ment you put this question to one of these gen-
tlemen, ho gets indignant. He is just as indig-
nant as if you were to tell a quack to take his
own medicine. If it really be true that they are
laboring under a misfortune of this sort, that the
great univeral laws of production will not benefit
them, they deserve to he pitied.
I remember the fable of a man who prayed to
Jupiter, and got Jupiter to pass a law by which
he should never be capable of being wet in any
way. He found it convenient at the time; but
in the end, the suspension of the general law
as to hnn was very injurious, and he prayed to
be restored to the common lot of mankind. Now,
if there be any device, or if Jupiter can help us
in any way to put these manufacturers in a situ-
ation where the great laws of trade and protec-
tion will operate in their favor, I hope he will
find it. I say, if you want to get money, put
your tax upon this free list. The importations
of articles on the list amount to $89,000,000,
and a portion of that, about twenty million dol-
lars, is specific. There is about sixty million
dollars besides, on which duties might well be
levied. Tax that; let wool and chemicals, &c.,
be taxed. The manufacturers ought to be in favor
of it; for, if they believe in thur own doctrine,
those things will be cheap enough in afewvears.
Most of them can be produced in the United
States. It is true, some of them cannot be pro-
duced here; but will they endeavor to persuade
the country that copper cannot be obtained in the
United States? Will they say that most of these
chemicals cannot be produced here? Will they
tell us that wool cannot be produced m theUmtcd
States.? The whole idea is preposterous.
But, sir, there is an effort to make the impression
on the public nnnd, that the late disturbance in
trade has been produced by the tariff of 1857, or
at any rate by low duties. In the report of the
Secretary of the Treasury, he shows clearly that
it could not have been by the tariff of 1857, be-
cause the whole imports that year were seventy-
odd millions less than they had been the previ-
ous year. If wc imported less, and also got the
goods cheaper—and that is the theory—of course
it has not hurt anybody. I account for it m a
very different way. I attiibute it not to the for-
eign debt, because our exports have been exceed-
ing our imports, according to the Treasury state-
ments, a little more than they did formerly; I do
not believe there is any large foreign debt exist-
ing in balances^in this way. But our Americans
are fond of speculation; they are enterprising; and
when they get credit they run it to agreatextent.
I have no doubt many men m New York have
imported goods on credit, supposing they would
be able to make a profit and to pay tor them; but
the great indebtedness has been in the country;
and you can only prevent that by stopping our
credit system. You will always be liable to re-
vulsions, under an extended system of credit, and
you will not get rid of them by a tariff. You may
&o back to the tariff of 184'}, and they will occur,
i admit the vicissitudes will not be as great. In
other words, jf you leave the country free, men,
in times of prosperity, are more likely to go too
fast, just as a mon who has a mill-stone upon his
shoulders will not be ns likely to travel as fast as
lie whose limbs are free. Upon this argument,
you ought to hobble your horses, to keep them
hum running away, butthey would travel slowly
jit other times.
If gentlemen can succeed in crippling trade, as
they contend for, bylngh protective duties, I think
it quite likely that those revulsions will not he so
decided; but remember, this is the recession of
an advancing wave. There is an advancing tide
going forward very rapidly; occasionally it may
come back; but I know of no mode of checking
it, unless you can dimmish the credit system ni
tins country. Probably the bankrupt law, which
I believe the Senator from Georgia introduced, or
spoke of, or some such measure as that, applied
| to corporations, might answer the purpose; but
j when you propose that, it will not meet the views
| of gentlemen on thp other side of the House, who
; represent the tariff interest. In my judgment, the
j reason wlfy we are recovering so rapidly from
| the late financial revulsion, is owing to the fact
; that, under the sub-Treasury system, and the
| change in the system of deposits, we have a large
j amount of specie, so that there is a very rapid
i recovery. I deny that there is any general in-
j debtedness between this country and England,
. growing out of the laws of trade.
I As far as the South is concerned, it never was
| in so healthy a condition. That remark was true
i a year ago or more. In fact, so sound was the
: condition of the southern States, that it struck
them with profound surprise when this revulsion
came on. We have had large exports of cotton
for the last two years, and very small imports.
Large balances are now outstanding in our favor,
and I have no doubt on earth that the importations
of this year will be very large, because the quan-
tity of goods now on hand has been greatly ex-
hausted.
There is one sort of indebtedness which exists,
and which cannot be prevented by Congress. I
mean the borrowing of money in Europe. The
State of Pennsylvania has borrowed thirty or
forty million. My own State has borrowed some.
Nearly all the States have borrowed. That has
created a very large debt there; but if the money
has been well spent, it has added to our prosper-
ity. I maintain, then, that under our existing
system, independently of this borrowing, there
would bono indebtedness in Europe; but it ought
to be the other way.
I confess that I aiti ibufe a great deal of the large
imports and exports, for the last ten ot twelve
years, to our railmadp. I find that in France, m
1843, when they had next to no rai!ro:u!s, all the
exports and imports weie $43.j 000,000 a y.-ar.
They have now gone up to $9:20,000,000. They
have more than doubled in that country. You
luive the same effect here. By enabling the peo-
ple to get liieir produce to market, they sell a
great deal more and at better profits. Tins will
strike the mind of every man at once.
Then, why should we not. make raihoad iron
free of duty ? We have paid, 1 believe, in the last
seventeen years, twenty millions and upwards of 1
duties on raihoad iron. It was estimated a few
years ago that all the capital invested m the iron
manufactures was only ^,20,000,000. In ten or
twelve years' time, at the rate v. hich we have been
paying for the last few yeais, wc should pay du-
ties enough to buy outaii the iron establishments, j
I do not want them discontinued or bought out; i
far fiom it; but I submit to Senators whether it is
a wise policy to cripple the nidus: i y of the coun try
in this way, by a tax upan raihoad bars which
these men admit they cannot make as cheaply as
we get them elsewhere.
M r. President, I have occupied more of the
time of the Senate than I desired to do. I have
touched on some points that, it struck me, might
be important to bung to the attention of the pub- j,
lie. The question now before us is, shall we in-
crease the revenue at all? I agree with the argu- !'
ment of the Senator from Georgia that theie is no
necessity for it; but if you do increase it, bcirin j;
with the free list. We are threatened with an \\
extra session unless something is done. Now, ji
for one, I am willing to keep the Treasury notes 11
outstanding, but if the question comes wheiher 1
we shall vote higher duties upon those aitides j,
now paying more than twenty per cent., it shall !,
not have my vote as Ions; as I am in the Senate, ||
even at the hazard of an extra session. It will be ,,
very inconvenient to me., as to everybody else, to
have one; but if it is narrowed down to thatissue; j
if there be a combination of gentlemen on the
other side who are opposed in polie.v to me on
this question, and who want to got an increase oT
duties, with a few members of the Democratic ;
party, to force an issue of that soit, let it come.
What is the attitude we shall stand in? The j
Democratic party will stand upon the principle of '
reducing the expenditures and keeping down the '
taxes. If gentlemen on the other siue choose to ;
adopt the other line, and say they go in for higher j,
taxes, and, therefore, large expenditures, very i
well; for you know, and everybody laiows, that ji
these large expenditures have grown out of a sur- j
plus. h
It was just so in 1837* We had a large surplus
then, and* the Government got to spending too
much money. Hard times came on, and Mr,
Tyler went through his administration of four
years, according to my recollection, with only"
$.22,000,000 a year , on the average. We have had
another surplus for a few years, and expendi-
tures have increased. Thevcommenced in Mr.
Fillmore's administration. There was then a sur-
plus. They grew rapidly. They have continued
since. I am not going to inquire who is most
to blame; but I say, without fear of contradiction
from any man who will examine the Journals
fairly, that the major part of the expenditures,
which in my judgment are useless, have been
sustained by the votes of the Opposition—not only
the land grants, but payments for custom-house
buildings, and improvements in the interior.
There may be exceptions; but it will generally
turn out that they vote in a body for an increase
of expenditure, ft is true, after they put these
things in the appropriation bills, they sometimes
draw back,allow them to be defeated, and oblige
the Democrats to come in and put them through;
but when you come to look into the Globe, and
scrutinize a little closer, it will be found that these
gentlemen, as a body, go for expenditures; and
why ?
I remember conversing with a prominent mem-
ber from New York, some years ago, about the
homestead proposition. I expressed some objec-
tion to it. " Now," said he, " I have a reason
f<>r going for it, that will not bear on you."
" What is it ?" i asked. " Why, we are getting
$3,000,000 a year from the public lands, and 1
w#nt to stop that, so that wc can increase the
tariff; that is what I am driving at." You hear
that said very frequently; I have heard it twenty
times during the last few years; and the actions
of these gentlemen spoak louder than their words.
They struggle to have large expenditures as on
excuse to keep up the taxes. As was well said
by my friend from Georgia, they think taxation
a great blessing. It is a blessing no doubt to the
manufacturer, who derives the advantage of it,
and to a few men in his locality; b«f it is, in my
judgment, a great curse to the country. If the
issue is to be made on low taxes, and thereby
small expenditures, (for we can reduce the ex-
penditures if there is no surplus of moneys) or
iiie.li taxes and large expenditures, I am perfectly
willing to meet gentlemen.
I have endeavored, !Vi r. President, to show that,
as the taiiff has been high, productions have been
low in price, and the reverse, running through a
penod of thirty-eight years; that, if you adopt the
consumer theoi y, this tax is a burden on all parts
of the country, and the benefit only goes to the
manufacturer; that manufactures are flourishing
and piosperous; that all those that can support
thctns' Ives are doing well; and, if there is any
branch of industry thatcannotsupport itself with-
out the aid of taxes on other interests, lot it go
down; that during the continuance of the existing
system our specie has accumulated until we have
four times as much as we had only twelve years
ago; that our commerce, tonnage, and everything
else, is increasing at enormous rates; that manu-
facturing establishments are doing well; and that,
in my judgment, theie is no need of any further
increase of the taxes; and I mean, by my vote, to
resist it as along as I can.  
Mr. SIMMOXS. Mr. President, I would
lather discuss the question on a bill drawn out in
detail which might call for the consideration of
the Senate m its diffeient items. I have a great
distaste to debating a measure that is to lead to
no practical t esuh, in the Senate. If I understand
the origin of this debate, there was a resolution
introduced by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
declining the" general doctiine that the revenues
under the present system weie not sufficient to
meet the wants of the Government under the laws
wj have passed for the supply of the different de-
partments of the public service. There seems to
have been some dispute between him and, the
Senator from Georgia, as to the exact language,
or tiie import of the language. I have not seen
the resolution; but i take it,from what fell from
both of them, that this is a distinct proposition,
that, in the opinion of the Senate, the present
revenue iaws will not collect sufficient revenue to
meet the wants of the Government. In that I
concur, though I regret to say it.
