1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3QI
35th Cong....2d Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures.
Ho. of Reps.
18 70
16 93
J9 89
21 03
14 22%
14-32
$29,233 78
110,620 80
83,548 18.
164,745 05
254,312 15
6,131 15
39,249 10
195,881 33
12 70 57,834 80
years, as furnished by Mr. Lenthall in his exam-
ination.
Abstract statement showing coal purchased attd skipped to
foreign stations, semi-annually, Jrom January 1, 1852, to
September 30, 1858.
Average cost
No. of per ton, in-
Lates. tons. c lu ding Total cost.
freight.
First half ypar of 1852.. 2,240 7-20 $13 04
Second half year of
185 2  5.916 13-20
First half year of 1853.. 4,936 4 St)
Second half -year of
185 3  8,279 11-20
Firsthalf year of 1854.. 12,076 15 20
Second half year of
185 4  416
185 5 
185 6 
Firsthalf year of 1857.. 2,759 6-20
Second half year of
1857 13,676 4-20
First half year of 1858..
Second half vear of
1858, to Sept. 30   4,474
It appears that the agent, some time after his
appointment, made an arrangement with the firm
of Tyler, Stone & Co., coal dealers of Philadel-
phia, under which they furnished the greater part
of the coal through the year at $3 85 per ton.
What was a fair price for such coa\ at that time
it is difficult precisely to say. The difficulty in
the case grows out of some apparent conflict in
the testimony, and also out of the difficulty of
fixing a standard by which to determine what is
a fair price, and out of the different value of coal
of different qualities, and under different prepar-
ation.
It is in proof that coal of a similar character to
that furnished the Government was sold at the
same time by other persons, in some instances,
at the same rate. Mr. Luther says that he sold
it, in one instance, at a price equivalent to §3 85
in Philadelphia.
As he is intelligent, the following is extracted
from his testimony:
" Question. What would have been a fair market value
during the spring and summer of 1858 for such coal as the
Government uses, provided a man had obligated himself to
be in readiness to furnish any amount the Government
roi«Ut call for upon short notice—any reasonable quantity
of coal the Government might call for; such quantities as
the Government did in fact use ?
Jinswer. I would not have undertaken to have supplied
it, with such dispatch, at le^s than from $3 75 to $3 85 a
ton. When I said that a man might have bought it for
$3 40 or $3 50 a ton, he could not buy the quantities the
Government orders of one single individual or fnm alone.
None of them ever have that amount on hand. He might
set it, perhaps, by going around to seveial different houses,
taking half a cargo of tins one, a cargo of that one, and, per-
haps two cargoes of another. What I mean by a cargo is
two or three hundred tons, which is the usual size ot a boat
10"Oticrfion. Do dealers in Philadelphia often have a quan-
tity of coal on hand such as the Government would need
for its uses? . . ,
"Answer. No, sir; I have never seen any of them have
more than five hundied tons of it on hand at a tune iu my
life; never.'1
Mr. Scinicksen, another coal dealer, also testi-
fies as follows:
"Question. As you saw it delivered, what would have
been the {air maiket price in Philadelphia in the spring,
summer, and fall of 1858?
" Answer, Three dollars and seventy-five cents to three
dollars and ninety cents would not be anything more than
a regular paying business of ten per cent., I should judge;
we sold coal at the same time at $3 85.
"Question. To whom?
"Answer. To coal dealers in Virginia; we sent a good
deal to the South ; I do not remember the firms."
Mr. Tyler, of the firm of Tyler, Stone & Co.,
swears that at $3 85 per ton the profits of his firm
were about ton per cent.
Mr. J. Vaughan Merrick, of the firm of Mer-
rick & Sons, testifies that his firm in Philadelphia
actually paid a price at least equivalent to this for
all the coal they used.
On the other hand, there is testimony that it
could have been sold at a considerably lower
price.
G. P. Nevin swears that he proposed to sell it
to the agent at $3 20 per ton.
He wasan applicant himself for the coal agency,
and before the matter was determined he made a
proposition to Mr. Beach, of the firm of Tyler,
Stone & Co., which is described by Mr. Beach,
as follows:
" Ho said 1)0 was anxious to get this appointment, and If
I would assist tin I might dictate my own terms in return.
This incident rests upon the testimony of Mr.
Tyler, as well as of Mr. Beach.
But if this is insufficient to discredit Mr. Ne-
vin, the whole current of the testimony will show
that he could not have sold to the Government a
good article of coal and well prepared for steam
purposes at the price named by him. At that
price he must necessarily have lost money, or else
have practiced a fraud upon the Government.
Then Mr. Repplier testifies that he would have
been glad to have sold to the Government as good
coal as that purchased of Tyler, Stone & Co., at
$3 30. He says, at the same time, however, that
he never examined the coal furnished by Tyler,
Stone & Co. He may not have known precisely
the quality and condition of their coal. The coal
he proposed to furnish at $3 30 he called by the
same name as that furnished by Tyler, Stone &
Co., viz: black heath. But Mr. Springer says:
" We do not goby names, sir." * * « "I have
frequently known the names of the best veins applied to
very inferior coal.3'
Your committee are of opinion, from the testi-
mony, that he would not have furnished coal of
the vein purchased by Tyler, Stone & Co., dressed
as Scinicksen saw them dress it, and placed in
the state of preparation described by Pierce, at
$3 30 per ton.
A few facts scattered here and there in the testi-
mony will throw some light on his sincerityin the
declaration.
He furnished a good deal of the Government
coal in 1857. The price he got wa« $4 25 per ton.
It is proven that in 1858 coal was about thirty
cents per ton lower than in 1857, so that the price
at which he sold it in the year 1857 is about equiv-
alent to S3 95 in 1858.
Tyler and Luther both testify that they bought
coal of Repplier &. Co., in 1858, at the mines, at
a price far more than equivalent to 30 in Phila-
delphia; and Smith, the partner of Dr. Hunter,
testifies that some of this very coal, for which the
Government paid $3 85, was purchased of Rep-
plier & Co. Scinicksen also says that he knew
the price of Repplier's coal in 1858, and it was
from #3 75 to $3 65. Your committee attach little
importance to his testimony under such circum-
sta n ce s
There is a sworn affidavit, sent on by sundry
firms of Philadelphia coal dealers, saying that
they would have furnished coal to the Govern-
ment, suitable for its uses, at $3 35 per ton. As
they were not before the committee to be ques-
tioned about the qualities of the coal to which
they refer, their affidavit is not conclusive.
The testimony of Mr. Borda, united with that
of Scinicksen, will, perhaps, afford the surest
basis of calculation. Mr. Borda was the man-
ager of I-Iecksier & Co-, of whom Tyler, Stone
& Co. bought.
He says he sold to Tyler, Stone &. Co., at the
mines, at $1 80, except for six weeks, during
which he sold to them at $1 75. Taking $1 80 as
the basis of calculation, the freight from the mines
to Philadelphia is $1 35. The cost of special prep-
aration, such as they gave, and placing on ship-
board, is, according to the testimony of Scinick-
sen and others, twenty cents. Then a^dd five
cents per ton for waste in rchandling. Thus it
will be:
Price of coal per ton at mines 81 80
Freight to Philadelphia    1
Preparation and putting on board vessel  -■■■
3 35
Loss from retwndling  ®
$3 40
That Tyler, Stone & Co. did usually rehandle
it, the excellent condition of their coal when de-
livered, and the express testimony of Mi'. Scin-
icksen, will sufficiently prove. Mr. Scinicksen
says:
« Question. Did you observe personally that they put ex-
tra labor and care upon it in preparing it tor Government
US" lawiwr. I did with regard to some of it; I did not see
it all bhjpped. , , . .
  Questwi. How often did you observe n ?
" Ariswer. I saw them load vessels ft equemly; I could not
sav how manv times. I remarked at th« nine, to them and
toothers, that they were taking great pains with the coal,
and must get a big price for it."
If the sum of $3 40 is a fair price at which to
estimate the cost of the coal to Tyler, Stone &
Co., then ten per cent, oil that would be thirty-
four cents, making #3 74. Twelve per cent, would
be |3 80. "
But a question of drawbacks is raised hens.
That matter will be given as stated by the witness,
Mr. Borda:
" Questio n. You say that the freight would be $1 35;bow
much of that is allowed as drawback?
" Answer. If it is to go to New Vork there is a drawback
of twenty cents; but if it is loaded at Philadelphia, to go
South or East, there is no drawback.
" Question. What is the five per cent, allowance ?
" Answer. It is the allowance made by the railroad for
waste; we include that in the shipping expenses".
" Question. How do you asceitain the weight?
" Ansxver. Upon the railroad scale at the mine. We have
lateral railroads, and the coal is weighed upon scales at the
termination of those lateral roads, where they meet the
Reading railroad. Thai is caJlcd the gross weight. Five
per cent, being taken off, that loaves the net weight. We
get paid only for the net weight."
How far this statement should modify the
above calculation, your committee need not stop
to inquire.
It must be remembered that in order to supply
large calls from "the Government, sent without
notice, it was necessary for Tyler, Stone & Co.
to keep a large amount of coal, suitable for Gov-
ernment purposes, constantly on hand. On this,
of course, they lost interest.
Prom all that has been said, your committee
conclude that $3 85 for such coal as Tyler, Stone
& Co. furnished the Government allowed them
profits somewhat too large, but not very exces-
sive.
A good agent might, with unusual diligence
and devotion to the public interest, have to some
extent reduced the price. In every other respect
Tyler, Stone &. Co., who took upon themselves
the duties of the agency, acquitted themselves
thereof in a manner that left nothing to be de-
sired. Indeed, while your committee will not
withhold its censure from negligent and unskillful
agents, yet, in view of the great difficulty of ob-
taining for the Government a good article at a fair
price, they think that this transaction, in its prac-
: tical results, is not peculiarly unfavorable.
Certainly nothing appears in the action of the
Secretary of the Navy to condemn. Mr. Beach,
of the firm of Tyler, Stone, & Co., was, it is true,
his wife's nephew—a connection rather too re-
mote to overcome by its influence any but a very
weak morality; anu in the absence of all proofs
to show that he hud any agency, director indirect,
m securing for that firm the chief supply of coal,
or, in fact, that he ever knew of that arrange-
ment, he is entitled to the full benefit of his own
denial, sustained, as it is, by Dr. Hunter's sworn
declaration that Mr. Toucey never made any in-
timation, direct or indirect, to him, as to the per-
sons of whom he should purchase, and that noth-
ing ever occurred between them on the subject.
i The rate of compensation allowed was precisely
I the same which had been allowed by Mr. Fill-
more's administration for the first agent, namely:
five per cent, on the coal purchased, and oft in-
land freights. The testimony of Mr. Springer,
who was the first agent, will best sustain this
declaration:
" Question. How was your compensation fixod ?
" Ansiccr. At five per cent.
" Question. Upon what?
"Answer. Upon the price of coal and fieight. I toolc
up all vessels and supuiiiucnded the in."
The amount of coal purchased then was much
smaller than it has since become; and, as it grows
larger, it might have been well, in the opinion of
! the committee, to have reduced the percentage
allowed.' But the amount of coal purchased in
the summer and fall of 1858, swelled as it was
by the Paraguay expedition, and other unusual
demands, furnished no just basis on which to fix
the proper percentage; and it must be borne in
mind that both the former agents had made claims
for some additional compensation.
It would appear hard to hold an Administra-
tion responsible for not foreseeing contingencies,
and adapting its regulations always strictly to
them. In the case of the Japan expedition, un-
der Mr. Fillmore's administration, Howland &
Aspinwall, of New York, were, allowed ten per
cent, on every cargo of coal sent out, including
original cost, inland and foreign freights, insur-
ance, &c.
