THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF "CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1859.
New Series No. 59.
isfy the country that there was another form even
better than specific duties to procure the advant-
ages which the petitioners for specific duties were
applying for; and that argument has never been
answered in the Senate. The bill which I then
reported declares the value of three or four thou-
sandkarticles, every one of which was valued upon
information obtained by letters from the importers
of the articles themselves; and it imposed a general
.revenue rate of duty of twenty-five per cent, upon
every one of them, with the exception of jewelry,
which would have been smuggled if you put on
any such duty, and some other trifling matters.
Th^re were but two articles in that whole schedule,
embracing thousands, that were raised above the
revenue rate, and they were fine iron and sugar,
and they were raised to thirty per cent, upon the
presentation of facts to the committee, which satis-
fied every one that we ought to make an excep-
tion of them. Mr. Buchanan was on that commit-
tee with me, and was the hardest man among them
I had to get out of the notion that specific duties
were not indispensable to secure the interests of
the labor of the country. That report was made
unanimously. I will not detain the Senate by
stating the reasons why it did not prevail. The
bill reported would have been the law of the land
then; and, in my opinion, would have remained
so now, but for the unaccountable conduct of a
man in the White House, whieh-I shall not stop
to talk about.
So much for specific duties. They are very
well in themselves, but I tlunk the report to which
I have alluded, pointed out a better mode, and I
think the people of this country would be better
satisfied, if the main articles of their consumption
were valued in the law. Take molasses as an
illustration. That bill said it should be valued at
twenty-four cents per gallon, and duties paid ac-
cordingly. It is now worth thirty-six cents, but
the molasses growers of Louisiana would not ask
you to raise the value because they would have
encouragement enough, and it would not be al-
tered once in twenty years, although there was a
provision in that bill, that every two years the
Secretary of the Treasury should notify Congress
of any material variation between the market value
and the legal value, that they might correct it from
time to time. That is my opinion about the details
of a tariff, and the means of preventing fraud, i
agree that specific duty will go a great way to do it,
and yet the country has been educated in the belief
that you cannot levy a specific duty, unless it is a
high one. It is so argued here, just as if the
change of the mode of collecting the revenue from
the advaforem tevthe specific system must increase
the rates of duty. You can have the duties one
half what they are now, and yet have seven
eights of them specific; or you can <?et double the
duty with a specific system, according to the ex-
igencies of the Government, and you can levy
your duties with a degree of accuracy and judg-
ment with the present knowledge that mankind
have of the value of merchandise, that would be
astonishing 'in its results, if people would only
look at it. I venture to say that the Senator from
Georgia and myself could sit down, and m two
hours frame a bill that would satisfy us both on
all the leading articles. J am in favor of levy-
ing the duties so as be§t to secure the revenue
against fraudulent importations and undervalua-
tions. There is not a commercial nation in the
world that has an impost system so shaky as ours.
I come now to examine the propositions of the
Senator from Georgia. I understand his basis to
be, that the revenue measure now m operation
will yield §56,000,000 on an average importation
equal to that of the last five years. *
Air. TOOMBS. Throwing out the last year.
Mr. SIMMONS. Yes; tliat is an exceptional
year, and I do not include it in my calculations,
it is as clear as the noonday sun, that for the
five years preceding the 30th of June, 1857, which
the Senator has made the basis of his calculations,
our indebtedness was increasing; we did not pay
for what we bought. 1 know the tables of the
Treasury Department showed that we ought to
59
have money coming to us; but that apparent result
was produced by fraudulentunder-valuations; and
there is no other way of accounting for it. That
Senator, I believe, said' last year, that they had
existed to the extent of $100,000,000 a year. I
think "they probably went to fifty or sixty million
dollars; and he finally, on a review, came-down to
that. A great deal of it can be accounted for
without supposing fraud; as I can show by one
illustration.
Our importations from China are about twenty-
two million dollars a year, and the mere difference
of exchange between the currency we pay in, and
the currency we buy in, makes a difference of
$14,000,000 on that trade alone; and I will tell
you why. We get the coin Carolus dollars, the
currency at Shanghae, by dr." wing bills on Eng-
land; and bills on England have sold at from
6s. 8i. to 7s. id., to the dollar in Shanghae for the
last two years. At 6s. 8<!., we get three dollars
for a pound sterling. That is the lowest. If you
draw for £1,000,000 you get §21,000,000 in Shang-
hae. That is about the trade. And what do you
have to pay for it ? The man who draws it charges
two and a half percent, to the importer. He has
a letter of credit on the Barings, or on Peabody,
or on Brown & Brothers, but he puts his name
on the bill, and he invariably charges two and a
half per cent, for his own credit. Take 8 pound
sterling at §4 8G, and add two and a half per c nt.
to it, and it comes to half an eagle; and so it takes
just as many half eagles to Lip remitted to England
as you draw for pounds sterling in China. Thus
when you get ^21,000,000 of currency in China,
you have got in debt $35,000,000. That is
$14,00(1,000 loss without any cheating, or an ad-
vance of nearly seventy per cent, if our trade
with the woilu was that way, we should think
we were getting rich all the time, while we should
be actually getting in debt sixty per cent, oil the
amuunt of onr business. A gieat deal of it is so.
We do not absolutely get more tlirm twelve per
cent, on the silks we import from China; and the
cost of them when they aie Jaid down in New
York, including commissions, freight, insurance,
and interest, is two dollars to one.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a mistake.
Mr. SIMMONS. 1 think not, but ceitamly
there is no mistake about the exchange.
Mr. TOOMBS. Oh. ves.
Mr. SIMMONS. Well, I had letters here last
year from houses m China, shewing the facts to
be just as I have stated, and you cannot find in a
whole year any material variation from what I
state. "However, I will not go into that now, for
I want to eoine to the question whether the pres- j
ent tariff will yield sufficient revenue.
' For the last five years preceding the 30th June,
1 1857, the importations, under the tariff of 1846,
; amounted to $1,387,833,804. The accumulations
' of goods in wart bouse v.Ireli weie principally
[ of the last year, were ^47,644,56tS leaving tire
! importations consume:! during those five years
; $1,840,195,236, oran averageanoual eoi.su lntion
1 of' imported goods to tile t'x'cih of '-,2GS,039,04:).
j We undoubtedly got in debt during those five
! years to the extent of £40,000,000 annually. Of
I these importations there weie, oi iiee golds,
! §181,1277,656, h-aung the totel amou-it of dutiable
goods ill the five years <1, 158,017,.;;0, Oi an av-
j erage of §'331,783,510 per annum. The average
1 amount of free goods per annum was $36,255,531,
| making a proportion of thirteen and four tenths
j per cent, of free goods, to e:glity-six an.t six
tenths percent, of dou able goods. In other woi ds,
! under the tariff of 181G, the importations of g'>ods
on the fiec bet were nearly one seventh oi the
whole amount of importations.
The whole amount of revenue collected from
imports during the live years preceding June
3<), 1857, was ^304,100,018 55, or an average ot
<160,820,123 7] per annum. The average per cent,
upon dutiableand free imports for those fhe years
was twenty two and sixty-eight hundredths per
cent. The average rate of'duty imposed on ail im-
ports was twenty-seven and twenty-eight hun-
dredths ner cent. This shows, that the actual rev-
enue did not come up to the average rate by four
and forty hundredths per cent., or one sixth. That
was caused by the manner in which the schedules
we re arranged, having more of the imported goods
under the lower than under the higher sched-
ules. 'The average rate of duty on the dutiable
goods was thirty aiid sixty-two .hundredths per
cent., while the actual revenue collected upon the
dutiable goods was tvvonty-six and twenty-four
hundredths per cent., showing a difference of
one-seventh. All this I ciphered out last year,
and 1 presume the Senator from Georgia knows
how to average this as well as 1 do. There is no
mistake as to the fact, that the actual revenue col-
lected was one seventh less than the average rate
of duty upon dutiable goods according to the
schedules of the tariff-.
Now we come to the operation of the present
tariff—the act of 1857. Under this act, the rates
of duty are on schedule A, thirty per cent.; on
B, thirty per cent.; on C, twenty-four; D, nine-
teen; E, fifteen; P, twelve; G, eight; H, four;
and I, free. There are are nine schedules, and
the aggregate of them all is one hundred and forty-
two. Divide this by eight, the number of duti-
able schedules, and you have seventeen and three
quarters per cent, as the average rate of dutiable
goods, against thirty and five eighths per cent.
und'T the tariff of 1846. Divide by nine, the whole
number of schedules, and you have 'fifteen and
seven ninths as the average rate on all goods du-
tiable and free, as compared with twenty-seven
and two ninths, under the tariff of 1846. There
is a reduction of more than forty-two per cent,
upon tj.ie old tariff, more than five twelfthsupon
all the duties—almost half.
Now, I should like to know, if the free list con-
tinues at thirteen per cent., as before, how can it
be possible, unless you transpose articles into
higher schedules, that you can collect any nearer
the average under this tariff than you did under
the old tariff? It is fair to presume that there will
be the same disposition to work articles down
into the lower schedules, and that the practical
operation of such a bill would "be to give you
about the same approach annually, to the average
rate of the schedules, as you had before. The pro-
portion is, frsay ,a leduction of five twelfths. From
every §12,000,000 we have taken off §5,000,000,
and leave ^7,000,000 by the present tariff. There
is no mistake about that. , An importation of the
same articles under the same schedules which
would give us $.60,000,000 of revenue under the
tariff of 1846, will only give £35,000,000 under
the tariff of 1857. There can be no mistake about
that; provided the goods be of the same charac-
ter, and are placed under the same schedules, and
in the same proportions. That, I suppose, is a
matter of demonstration. It is a diminution of
$25,000,000 a year on a revenue of $60,000,000,
provided there is no other cii eumstance to vary it.
I observe that the Senator from Geoigia seniles-,
but if theie is a figuie here that is wrong, I shall
be glad to be corrected.
Mr. TOOMBS. _I"do not at all asrree with the
Senator's calculations; but I will allow him to
get through, and, perhaps, take an early oppor-
tunity to correct him, ljy*shown.g the actual re-
sults.
Air. SIMMONS. Very well, sir. Now I come
to the importations under the act of 1857, and 1
[ will state what effect has been produced by the
change of duty on the principal aiticles. As!
sa.il bi ."or", for tin- f.ve yeais preceding the 30th
of .Tun. , lri.VT, we imported, under the act of 1846,
dutiable conds to the amount of §231,000,000 a
year, and £3G,000,000 a year of free goods. Dur-
ing the year ending June 30, 1858, the importa-
tions were $302,000,000 of dutiable goods, an'd
$80,000,000 of free goods. Thepropoition of free
. to dutiable goods is now more than twenty-five
per cent,—just about double the proportion under
: the old tariff. We intended to enlarge the free
: list. It was a pait of the policy of Congress to
- enlarge the free list; and this has its influence on
: the aggregate result. I think they enlarged it
' more than was supposed«.t the time, 1 will now,
