310
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures.
Ho. of Reps.
there wa<* no Mjch timb^ranywhereelsein the market. But
he told us distinctly that if we did not put it in at a reason-
ably lair price, tliey would,not take it at all."
The explanation of the Secretary does not con-
flict with the testimony of this witness, nor does
it touch the point which the testimony quoted
•tends to establish. If there was a conflict between
them, the high official station of the one, as a
functionary of the Government, should be a guar-
antee against any attempt to mislead; and it would
be an ungracious task, to say the least, to balance
between his statement and the testimony of the
witness, although the latter stands in a favorable
condition to obtain credence. He is free from the
suspicion of prejudices engendered by disap-
pointed expectations; has no groundsof complaint
for supposed personal, or pecuniary, wrongs im-
posed by the Secretary, and is not a heated polit-
ical partisan.
Whatever may be the true state of the facts in
regard to the Secretary's intention concerning
these contracts, and however much the commit-
tee would condemn any personal favoritism to the
public detriment, they are gratified to perceive
that the Secretary seems never to have lost sight
of the public interest. They find the evidence of
this in his repeated assurances to Messrs. Swift
& Bigler. if they bid " at a higher price than he
thought was a fair price he would not take it at
any rate." They find it in the unusual clause
already referred to, inserted in the advertised pro-
posals, " reserving the right to decline making
any contract, if it (the Department) shall then
deem it unnecessary or disadvantageous to the
public service." The provision was doubtless in-
serted to protect the Government against the im-
position of exorbitant bids, when it was expected
there might not be more than one or two bidders.
They find still further evidence of this in the rea-
sonable price at which the contracts were actu-
ally and finally taken, it being proved that the
average rate is lower than similar contracts had
previously been made, and as low as any one
could have furnished the timber and realized a
reasonable profit for his labor. Your committee
are of opinion that the timber contracted for in
this case was a kind proper to be kept for the re-
pair and construction of small vessels, and they
are not prepared to say it could have been pur-
chased materially lower under any circumstances.
(See the testimony of Samuel B. Gnce, Lenthall,
and Bigler.) And if the policy of keeping your
yards supplied with suitable timber is to continue,
your committee cannot see that the transaction is
in any way a disadvantageous one to the Govern-
ment; certainly it is not in contravention of law.
Before concluding their report on this branch
of their inquiry, your committee deem it proper
to notice a contract between Mr. Geoige Phtt, as
proved by PhU himself, and W. C. N. Swift, in
regard to obtaining contracts with the Govern-
ment. It appears, that in 1854 Plitt and Swift en-
tered into a written contract, by which the former
undertook to use his influence with the officers of
the Government, with several of whom, in high
positions, he was supposed to he on terms of in-
timacy, both personally and politically, to pro-
cure live-oak contracts for the latter, and for which
the latter was to pay him ten per cent, upon the
amount of all live-oak contracts he obtained from
the Government. Plitt alleges that he has per-
formed his part of the agreement, having taken
pains to introduce Swift to various officers of the
Government, and to recommend hin> as a man of
honor and probity. He introduced him to Mr.
Buchanan and Mr. Toucey, and recommended
him m terms of high commendation, informing
the latter that he had contributed very liberally
towards the election of 1856, &c. Swift had, af-
ter 1854, and prior to the contract of September,
1858, obtained some live-oak contracts from the
Government; and after obtaining the last men-
tioned one, wrote to Phtt, repudiating his con-
tract with him, never having paid him anything
under it. Shoitly after receiving this letter, and
between the 15th of October and 15th of Novem-
ber, 1858, Phtt, for the first time, mentioned the
contiaci betwpen himself and Swift to the Presi-
dent, and showed him the written agreement, and
asked hia advice about it. Phtt says:
*' The President very propcily mid me that it was no af-
fair of ins ; it was an agreement made long before he came
into power, and if ray attorney thought I could lecover in
a court of justice, I ought to do so. He also said he had,
of course, no advice to give, and said I might do as I .pleased
about it."
This, it must be remembered, was subsequent
to Swift's last contract for timber.
Your committee believe they could not condemn
Tauch contracts in too strong terms, as against pub-
lic policy and most demoralizing in their ten-
dency. They are not only a bid, but offer of a
premium, indirectly, to say the least, for corrup-
tion. They are a temptation to the parties to the
practice of deception and falsehood. They are
nothing less than making merchandise of the so-
cial relations and personal confidence which may
very properly exist between those occupying high
official stations and the private citizen, and, if
tolerated, must result in making the Government
the daily victim of duplicity and fraud, or in plac-
ing an impassable barrier to all social intercourse
between high officials and the mere citizen, which
would be contrary to the genius of our Govern-
ment.
However much your committee may condemn
such improper contracts, they feel called upon to
say they do not perceive any ground to attach
blame in this instance, either to the President or
the Secretary. It does not appear that the Sec-
retary was ever informed of its existence, and of
course never countenanced or knowingly encour-
aged it. It docs not appear that the President
was ever informed of it until a period between
October 15 and November 15 last, and then sum-
marily disposed of it by saying " he had no ad-
vice to give;" " that it was no affair of his."
Here his connection with the subject began and
ended; and here your committee dismiss it.
CONTRACTS FOR MACHINERY FOR VESSELS.
These contracts have been the subject of much
outside rumor and complaint. The committee
have, therefore, sought for all the information
they could obtain in regard to them, and it is here-
with presented. It is full and satisfactory.
The contracts about which there has been com-
plaint, arc the following: that relating to steam
machinery for the Lancaster, built under the act
of Congress, approved March 3, 1857, and those
relating to steam machinery for the vessels now
building under the act of Congress of June, 1858.
The bids for the machinery of the Lancaster
were as follows:
Scale of offer* for steam, machinery for screw propeller ship-
of-war building in the Philadelphia navy-yard, under ad-
vertisement of November 19, 1857:
Merrick & .Sons  $145,00,1
Murray Sc Hazelhur&t ... 138,000
Ileaney & Neafie  137,500
Woodruff & Beach    326,000
The difficulty in this case was todecidebetween
the plans of Merrick & Sons and Reany & Neafie.
They were both good, and preferred to the others.
After much consideration, the contract was award-
ed to Reaney <fe Neafie. Their bid was $7,500
lower than Merrick & Sons. The lowest bid was
that of Woodruff & Beach, but no one of the engi-
neers approved their plan in comparison with
those of the others. It is claimed that there is a
family relationship between Beach, of this firm,
and the Secretary of the Navy. We may allude
to this hereafter.
We procecd now to a brief examination into
the awards of contracts for the machinery of the
vessels now building under the act of June, 1858.
This act of Congress directed the Secretary of
the Navy to cause to be constructed, "as speed-
! ily as may be consistent with the public inter-
j ests," eight war steamers, of light draught, "com-
I binmg the heaviest armament and greatest speed
j compatible with their character and tonnage."
! One of these vessels is being built, we believe,
i by the'Government. On the 26th of July last, the
i Secretary of the Navy invited sealed proposals
| for the steam machinery of the remaining seven,
j The circular of the Secretary calling for these
| proposals is in strict accordance with the direc-
| tions of the law of Congress under which he acted.
! It states, among other things, that it is " the ob-
ject of the Department to procure machinery
j which can develop great power when required,
| so as to insure high speed," &c., and with this
1 view requires the bidders to guaranty certain
| results. It gave them until the 8th of September
| to prepare their plans. The terms of the circu- |
: lar seem to have been satisfactory. The leading J
engine establishments of the United States, situ-
ated in New York, Philadelphia, Boston, Balti-
more, and Hartford, made proposals. There were
fourteen bidders, and, in all, forty-four bids.
They were as follows:
Small sloop, Boston, 75Q-horse power.
Morgan Iron Works, New York $'110,000
James Murphy k. Co., New York  107,000
Allaire Works, New Yorkf  97.000
Locomotive Works, Boston*  ]04,000
Atlantic Works, Boston....     100,000
Woodruff & Beach, Hartford  118,000
jLarge sloop, New York, 1,000-horse power.
Morgan Iron Works, New York .....,.$137,500
James Murphy & Co., New York*  130,000
West Point Foundery, New York  130,000
Allaire Works, New York    105,000
Novelty Iron Works, New Yorkf  97,000
Woodruff & Beach, Hartford   125,000
Small sloop, Pensaeola, (direct-action engines,) 750-horse
power.
Reaney, Neafie & Co., Philadelphia $153,000
James Murphy & Co., New York    127,000
Morgan Iron Works, New York*  120,0f>0
West Point Foundery, New Yoik    118.000
Woodruff fc Beach. Hartford  118,000
Locomotive Works, Boston       115,000
Murray & Hazelhurst, Baltimoref  100,000
Large sloop, Norfolk, \,QQ0-horse power.
Reaney, Noafie & Co., Philadelphia $152,000
Morgan Iron Works, New York  142.000
Novelty Iron Works, New York.    100.000
Woodruff & Beach, Hartford  125,000
Murray & Hazelhurst, Baltimore   115,000
C. Reeder, Baltimoref  94^000
Large sloop at Port<^mouth, Neiv Hampshire, 1,000-horse
power.
Morgan Iron Works, New York $143,000
West Point Foundery   136,000
James Murphy & Co      135,000
Allaire Works    110.000
Novelty Iron Worksf  98,500
Woodruff & Beach, Hartford*  125,000
Small iloop, Philadelphia, 1,100 horse power.
Morgan Iron Works, New York $110,000
Allaire Works, New York  97,000
Reanev, Neafie & Co., Philadelphia.  335,000
Win. Norn«, Philadelphia  126.000
Murray & Hnzelhui&t, Baltimoref  90,000
Woodruff & Beach, Hartford     118,000
Large sloop, Philadelphia, 1,000-Aorse potcer.
Reaney, Neafie & Co., Philadelphia $145,500
Merrick & Sons, Philadelphia*  10-2^000
Morgan Iron Works, New York  141.000
Allaire Iron Works,New York  110,000
Novelty Iron Works, New Yorkf  98^000
Murray & Hazelhurst, Baltimore  HOlOOO
Woodruff & Beach, Hartford  125,000
On the 20th of September, the Secretary ap-
pointed a board of engineers to open and exam-
ine these bids and report to him which of them
should be accepted. Each engineer, in order to
secure his individual examination and opinion,
was required to make a separate report in writ-
ing. This board consisted of Samuel Archbold,
engineer-in-chief of the United States Navy, W.
W. Wood, Henry Hunt, and Daniel W. Martin,
chief engineers. This course of the Secretary,
your committee find to be such as has been pur-
sued heretofore,and they regard it as very proper.
It differs from the former practice only m the in-
creased caution of the Secretary in requiring each
member of the board to make a report of his opin-
ion. The persons chosen are engineers of long
experience and high standing. No witness has
expressed a doubt of their qualifications to sit on
such a board, nor of their integrity or imparti-
ality. Reference has been made to Mr. Martin as
beingliable to be influenced in his decision by
reason of his interest in the " Martin boiler."
We will notice this hereafter.
Let us now examine briefly their action:
1. The contract for the machinery of the small
sloop at Boston wasawarded to the11 Locomotive
Works," situated at that place. There were six
bids for this contract, two lower and three higher
than that of the party to whom it was given. No
one of the board recommended the plan of either
of the lower bidders; all concurred in objections
to them. One engineer recommended the plan of
the Morgan Iron Works, New York, at $110,000;
another that of Murphy & Co., New York, at
$107,000. Two recommended that of the " Lo-
comotive Works," Boston, at $104,000, and the
contract was awarded to them. This seems to
be right. It is not pretended that any improper
" Accepted bid.
f Lowest bid*
