1859.
THE CONGRESS! ON A I| GLOBE.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia to
postpone the resolution under consideration until
to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. CLARK. 1 see that the chairman of the
Committee on Claims is not in his place, but I
suggest to the Senate that to-morrow is private-
bill day, and 1 suppose he will insist that the day
shall be devoted to that objcct. I suggest to the
Senator from Virginia whether it is worth while
to postpone the resolution until to-morrow.
Mr. B1GLER. It is subject to the will of the
Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I know that; but perhaps it
would be better to lix some other day, so as not
to leave room for contest on that point. I desire
that the Senator from Virginia may be accommo-
dated.
Mr. HUNTER. I would rather postpone it
till to-morrow, because I think the time has come
when we have so many different subjects in hand,
that we shall not be able to devote each Friday
to private bills.
Mr, CLARK. I am willing that the Senator
should have that day, if he chooses.
_ Mr. MALLORY. I trust my friend from Vir-
ginia will let this resolution go over to a more
distant day. The next bill m order the Pri-
vate Calendar is a very important one, affecting
interests which I have brought to the notice of
the Senate, being for claims of citizens of Florida-;
and if it does not receive attention to-morrow, I
dm afraid it will have the go-by entirely. Friday
is set apart specially for private bills. We have
considered very lev.* of tlvm. Many of them are
jn a condition to pass now without discussion.
There is really nothing in this resolution to com-
mand the attention ot the Senate immediately; no
reason in the world why if should not be post-
poned for a week, in fact, for a year. I do not
see why it should be hurried. The Senator can
speak the day after to-morrow, or on Monday,
as well as any other day; and 1 uust he will put
it off until -Monday.
Mr. DAVIS, if there is nothing before the
Senate, 1 should like 
Mr. SLIDELL. I beg pardon of the Senator
from Mississippi. I made a motion—this resolu-
tion being postponed until to-morrow—to take up
the bill for the acquisition of Cuba; and the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] is prepared to address
the Senate on u.
Mr. I)AVIS. I did not know you-had made
any motion.
The motion to postpone the resolution until
to-morrow was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SLIDELL. Now I make my motion.
Mr. SEWARD. I deem it my duty to call the
attention of the Senate now to the question which
is involved in the case of the application for seats
in this body by two gentlemen from the State of
Indiana. The Judiciary Committee, two or three
days ago, reported adversely to their claim, and
applied for an order to be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject. That ques-
tion was taken up this morning, and was inform-
ally laid aside in order to enable the honorable
Senator from North Carolina to address the Sen-
ate on the resolution of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, and also, as it was understood, to allow
the Senator from Rhode Island to reply.
It having been laid aside for that purpose, I
only insist that it now comes up for considera-
tion; and I wish to submit to the Senate that there
remain but eighteen or nineteen days of this ses-
sion; that these gentlemen who are claimants to
seats, sent here by the Legislature of Indiana,
have«been here two or three weeks waiting for a
hearing. It is high time that question should be
decided. It cannot be avoided, because the order
which is applied for by the committee brings it
before the Senate Therefore, as that was the
order of business which wps laid down informally
for the purpose of taking up this subject, I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
the report of the Judiciary Committee upon the
Indiana election. I wish to submit an amendment
to the proposition of the committee, which will
bring up the point I submitted a few days ago,
upon the rights of the claimants to these seats to
be heard and to argue their own case.
I cannot intrude so far "upon the Senate as to
make this motion now, without expressly dis-
claiming any desire whatever to embarrass the
debate on the Cuba question, and without ex-
pressing my regret that it interferes with the ex-
pectation of the honorable Senatorfrom Ohio; but
I see that there is no time allowed, and no time
is contemplated to be allowed, for this question;
and if it should be the pleasure of the Senate to
hear the honorable Senatorfrom Ohio to-day, and
to intimate that to-morrow morning, or to-mor-
row at any hoar in the day, the Senate will take
up and consider the application of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary to be discharged from that
subject, so as to enable us to bring the question
before the Senate, I shall submit in silence and
with great pleasure ; but I do humbly insist that
it is due to the integrity of the Union; due to the
position of the State of Indiana; due to the char-
acter and dignity of the Senate for impartiality; 1
due upon every consideration to the public, that
this question shall be disposed of.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think the Senator from New
York is mistaken in point of fact as to what, oc-
curred in the Senate this morning. If was, I
thought, very distinctly understood that after the
Senator from Rhode Island should have followed
the Senator from North Carolina, and concluded
his speech, then the Cuba question should be
taken up. 1 will further remark, that the chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary is not
now in his place. He certainly, had he not been
under the impression that this subject would not
be acted on to-day, would be here to attend to it.
I do not feel myself at liberty to commit myself
in any way as to the consideration of this ques-
tion to-morrow. It will be time enough to dis-
cuss that matter then. In the mean time, as I
understand, I have already made a motion which
is before the Senate, and I ask the sense of the
Senate upon it. I think we shall economize time
by going on with the Cuba question. The Sen-
atorfrom Ohio is prepared fo speak this afternoon.
Mr. SEWARD. I wish to say, on this subject,
that the honorable Senator from Delaware was in
his seat when this question arose this morning,
and he was understood by the Senator from Illi-
nois to assent, or to imply an assent, that in letting
the Indiana case go over for the purpose of debate
upon the resolution of the Senatorfrom Pennsyl-
vania, he consented also that that should be fol-
lowed by the Cuba bill; and when it was brought
to his notice, he distinctly intimated his dissent
from any such arrangement, and his purpose not
to Jut the Indiana case go by for thator any other
question, but to insist and demand that it should
be disposed of. The honorable Senator from Il-
linois can state if he did not so understand him.
It is a matter of regret to us that he happens to be
absent. The debate clovSed sooner, undoubtedly,
than he expected. I am sure I am only seconding
his wishes, as well as expressing my own, when
I claim that this subject shall be taken up now.
We can dispose of it in what remains of this day.
I hope the honorable Senator from Ohio will be-
lieve that I am acting under an imperative sense
of duty, and I should hope it would be agreeable
to him to take up the subjcct fresh to-morrow.
At all events, I must disclaim any discourtesy to
| him. I object, therefore, to the motion of the Sen-
ator from'Louisiana, and ask for the yeas and
! navs on it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Reid.)
The Chair does not think that the subject to
which the Senator from New Yoik alludes, is the
pending business; but he will put the question on
the motion to take up the matter indicated by
the Senator. Does the Senatoi as>k for the yeas
and nays?
Mr. SEWARD. Yes, sir.
Tne yeas and nays were oidored.
Mr. F1TCFI. I do not intend to say anything
about this matter; but I think undue advantage
is being taken of the absence of th<* chairman of
the Committee on the Judiciary, who 2;ave notice
of his intention to call up this question to-mor-
row.
Mr. PUGH. May I ask the Senator from
New York what resolution it is he proposes to
take up ?
Mr. SEWARD. The report of the committee
, on the Judiciary. The honorable chairman is
I here now, and can answer for himself.
■ Mr. PUGH. The committee has reported no
i resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They ask to be dis-
charged .
Mr. PUGH. That is the request of the com-
mittee; and suppose you refuse to grant it; the
subject simply goes back to the committee. There
is no resolution at all, except a resolution to ad-
mit two gentlemen to argue a case when there is
no case.
Mr. SEWARD. If the honorable Senator will
allow me, I will explain to him in a moment. The
committee have submitted a report, and ,on the
basis of that report they ask for an order which
must be made by the Senate, or it can be no or-
der; and it is a decision of the Senate when it is
made, a resolution in the words following "or-
dered, that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the subject." That brings
the question back into the Senate, when the order
is made, and not before. The question which I
claim shall be submitted to the £|enate,is that or-
der. Shall thatorderbeadoptedTand thatinvolves
the consideration of the report of the committee,
whrch is the basis of the order.. An order is a
resolution of the Senate, and a resolution is an
order; resolutions of this class are denominated
orders. It is a decision when it is made. It is
open to debate, and involves the whole question
on the merits of the subject.
Mr. PUGH. I insist that the Senator is alto-
gether m error, and I recollect very well, when the
case of the Senator from Illinois was reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary, my venerable
friend, then the Senator from South Carolina, '
Judge Butler, insisted, as the Senator from New
Yoilc now docs, that the mere request of the com-
mittee to be discharged brought the question be-
fore the Senate; and it was then argued as a point
of order, and the Senate was entirely of a different
opinion; and finally the Senator from Kentucky
oiFered a resolution affirming the right of the Sen-,
ator from Illinois to his seat. Now there is no res-
olution cither affirming the right of the present
Senators or of the gentlemen who claim to be Sen-
ators fiom Indiana. What is the order that the
Senate is to make at the suggestion of the Senator
from New York? Simply to discharge the com-
mittee. Suppose the Senate do not discharge the
committee: the subject is in their keeping again;
we do not make any progress. If the report of
the committee were taken up, the Senator would
be bound to offer a resolution affirming the right
of somebody to these seats; and that resolution
would go over, on a single objection, for twenty-
four hours. It seems to me, we gain nothing. It
is all a waste of time, unless the Senator offers
his resolution to admit these gentlemen to the
floor of the Senate, and admit them to argue their
case; but as yet their case is not presented as a
practical question.
Mr. SEWARD. I think there need be no mis-
understanding about the question. I have a reso-
lution before the' Senate, which 1 have in vain
endeavored to get the Senate to take up and
consider; which resolution would authorize the
claimants to appear and argue their claims at the
bar of the Senate. Failing to get that up, I dis-
covered, this morning, an application made by
the Judiciary Committee to be discharged from
the further consideration of the subject. I am
content that it shall be brought, asit was brought,
before the Senate, and was under consideration;
the question was on their motion, and it was laid
by. When incomes up, I am prepared to offer
an amendment to the order for which the com-
j mittee apply. The committee offer the following
1 order:
| ' Ordered, That the Committee on the Judiciary be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the memonai of
the Legislature of Indiana.
I propose to amend by striking out all after the
word " Ordered," and inserting:
Thru IliMirv S. Lane and William M. McCarty have leave
to occupy seal-* on the floor ofehe Senate pending the dis-
: eu<siou of tne report of the Committee on the Judiciary on
1 the memonai of the Legislature ot'Indiana, declaring them
' iier duly elected Senators; and that they have leave jo
! speak to the merits of their rights to seats, and on the report
:' of the committee.
''I I ask that the honorable Senator's question
i! may be taken up for the purpose of interposing
! the other as a preliminary question, as an amend-
il ment.
I Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President* the matterre-
I ferred to the committee was the memorial of the
■Legislature of Indiana;-nothing else. On that
