1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
314
35th Cong....2d Sess. Meports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures.
Ho. or Reps.
influence was used in getting the contract, nor is
the standing or responsibility of the establishment
questioned.
2. The contract for the machinery of the large
slocp at New York, was awarded to James Mur-
phy & Co., New York. Of the six bids in this
case, three were lower than the one accepted.
One of the board reported in favor of the Nov-
elty Works; the remaining three in favorof Mur-
phy & Co. The bid of the Novelty Works' is
$33,000 lower than that of Murphy & Co. There
is a wide difference, and we do not feel qualified
to decide whether there is this difference in the
merits of the plans. Both the bidders included in
their plans what is known as the Martin boiler.
It is proper to add, in this connection, that the
contract should not necessarily be given to the
lowest bidder, having reference to price only.
Every plan of engine is different—different in ar-
rangement, different in its fitness, and different in
its cost to the builder, and its intrinsic worth. A
primary object is to obtain one which will best
answer the purpose of the Government. The
Morgan Works, New York, proposed a plan of
engine for this vessel, at a price $40,000 higher
than that of the Novelty Works, and Mr.Cluin-
tard,one of the proprietors of the establishment,
testified that a plan of engine that could have been
built for $97,000 would not, in his opinion, have
been suitable for the ship. We will only add,
that no improper influences in getting this con-
tract are shown, and that no witness has called
in question the reputation and responsibility of
the house of Murphy & Co. They are shown to
be satisfactory and reliable.
3. The contract for the machinery of the small
sloop Pensacola was given to the Morgan Works,
New York, at $120,000. The bidsranged,in this
case, from $100,000 to $153,000. There were in
all seven plans submitted for this vessel. But two
of them received the approval of the board. These
were the plans of the Morgan Works and the Bos-
ton Locomotive Works; and upon these the board
was equally divided. Mr. Archbold, who favored
the plan of the Locomotive Works for this ship,
had recommended the Morgan Works for the
Boston ship, at $110,000. This latter ship was
awarded to the Locomotive Works at $104,000.
It is supposed by the committee that it was not
considered expedient to award two contracts to
one establishment; that it was considered desirable
to distribute them, if it could be done with pro-
priety, in order to increase the rivalry atnong con-
tractors. For these reasons your committee think
it was right to give this contract to Murphy &
Co., who were preferred by one half the board,
and were also preferred by another member of the
board for the Boston ship, whieh was awarded to
the competitor for this. The testimony does not
show that any political or improper influence was
applied by any one to obtain this contract. The
establishment to which it was given is responsible
and reliable.
4. No contract was given on the first bids for
the Norfolk sloop. Two of the board reported in
favor of Reeder, one (Martin) against his boiler,
and the fourth in favor of Reaney, Neafie & Co.
We give the following testimony on this point:
Martin's deposition:
"Quezon In your opinion you use tiiis language: ' Mr.
Keedei'b plan of engines is good and Ins price satisfactoiy,
but his plan of boilers i cannot recommend; if they wen:
made satisfactoiv, I would recommend Imrt lor the Norfolk
ship.5
"Answer. That was not on account of its not being my
boiler, but in the way it was arranged; it was the Fame plan
that had been tried in the Pnnceton, and had proved to be
a failure. Knowing it to be a failure, I could not recom-
mend it again in that foim, but proposed soma modifications
which I do n< t now remember."
Archbold's deposition:
"Question. Did he get the contract?
"Ansu-er. No, sir; ther^ were two members of the board
who reported in favor ot his plans; one reported in favor of
the engines and against his boilers, and the other objected
to his plans in tvlo.
"Question. What was the result?
«Jinswer. I believe he gave up his right to the contract,
or something to that effect.
Question. Do you not know that he was deterred from
presenting his bid?
" Jinswer. I did not deter him ; I do not know who did.
" Question. What was the final result of that matter?
" Answer. There was a new board ordered, and new bids
were given.
" Quesfion. Who got the contract?
" .Answer. Murray & Hazeihurst, of Baltimore,
Question. For how much—was it not $120,000 ?
" Jinswer. I think it was over that—Si 31,000 for fourteen
miles per hour. They had a speed bid."
Reeder withdrew his bid, we suppose, because
he found it too low. New proposals were called
for; and it would seem that the terms were varied,
and called for a quantity of speed. The follow-
ing are the second bidders:
" Atlantic Works—geared, $130,000, six months; direct,
$125,000, six months.
" Murray & Hazeihurst—geared, $131,000, eight months;
direct, $120,000, eijjht months.
" Fulton Foundery—geared, $138,000, seven months; di-
rect, $129,000, seven months.
<* Iteaney, Neafie & Co —geared, $145,000, seven months;
direct, $135,000, seven months.
" Boston Locomotive Works—direct, $127,000, seven
months.
" Novelty Works.—geared, $130,000, six months; direct,
$125,000, six months."
Two kinds of engines were called for, the geared
and the direct-acting.
For the direct-acting engine, Murray &. Hazel-
hurst and the Boston Locomotive Works were
the'lowest and equal bidders; and for the geared
engine, Murray & Hazeihurst were the next
lowest, and $1,000 higher than the lowest. The
majority of the board which sat upon these pro-
posals, consisting of Chief Engineers William-
son, Everett, Stimers, Isherwood, and Whipple,
reported in favor of Murray & Hazeihurst, and
they received the contract. There is no testimony
criticising in any way this award, or the price to
be paid, or the plan of machinery, or the qualifi-
cations and responsibility of the contractois.
We come now to the contracts about which
there has been complaint and a more extended
inquiry.
5. The contract for the machinery of the large
sloop at Portsmouth was given to Woodruff &
Beach, Hartford. There were six bidders, two
lower and three higher than the parties who re-
ceived it. Neither of the low bids was approved
for this contract, but every member of the board
approved and reported in favor of the plan of
Woodruff & Beach. There is not a particle of
evidence pointing to unfairness or partiality in
this award. All that has been attempted, has
been to show that there was some relationship
between the Secretary and Mr. Beach, of this firm.
And what has been the result of this attempt?
We give it in the language of the witness:
" Question. I wish to obtain from you the piectse rela-
tionship of Mr. Beach, of the firm of Woodruff St Beach,
to the Secretary ?
"Answer. Mr. Toucey, George Beach, sr., and George
Beach, jr., marncd sisters by the name of Nichols O.
Nichols Beach of Philadelphia, of the firm of Tyler, Stone
& Co., is a son of George Beach, sr., by the sister of Mrs.
Toucey; Henry B. Beach, of Ilai tford, of the firm of Wood-
ruff & Beach, is a son of George Beach, sr., by a former
wife."
That is, Mr. Beach of this firm, is a step son
of the sister of the lady married by the Secretary.
Our vision may be obtuse, but we see no relation-
ship here; and, regardless of it, we report that
nothing has been broughtbefore us tendin^to ex-
cite the slightest suspicion of favor or partiality in
awarding this contract. The testimony of Mr.
Beach is reported, and worthy of attention. It
shows there never has been any intimacy between
the Secretary and himself.
6. Next in order is the contract for the ma-
chinery of the "Griffith" sloop. The struggle for
this contract has been earnest and protracted,
resulting in much disappointment and unusual
complaint by one of the unsuccessful bidders.
The case is, briefly, this:
Upon opening the bids in September, it was 1
found there were six bidders for this machinery, !
four of which were lower and one higher than '
that of Mr. Norris. But it was further found and !
reported by the engineers, that an untrue and in-!
correct model of the ship had been sent to those ;
proposing to bid. This arose from a peculiarity 1
of this model, unknown to the Department at the
time of the advertisement of July 26,1858. Mr.
Norris alone had been furnished with the neces-
sary information. Very properly, therefore, new
proposals were invited.
Two of the September board, Messrs. Arch-
bold and Martin, condemned the plan of Mr.
Norris; the other two, Messrs. Wood and Hunt,
said nothing for or against it, but merely reported
that other bidders had not been given the proper
information to prepare their plans.
Under these circumstances, the Department,
on the 2d of October, addressed a letter to all who
had previously bid for this machinery, but no
others, inviting them to bid again,and famishing
them a drawing showing the midship section-ana
correct plan of the vessel. They were giveti pntii
the 2d of November to prepare new plans. OBat
three bidders appeared. They are here gi$^n.
In the mean time, Mr. Norris, knowing that
Archbold and Martin, of the first board, had con-
demned his plan, requested the Secretary not to
put them on the new board. The Secretary ac-
ceded to this request, and on the 4th of November
made a new board, consisting of Chief Engineers
Wood, Hunt,Everett,and Whipple. On theSth
of November each member of this board made his
report in writing.
Before this, however, and as early as the 2d of
that month, Mr. Norris brought to bear what he
seems to have considered an additional recom-
mendation of his plan of machinery. It appears,
in his letter to the Secretary, dated Washington,
November 2,1858. We give an extract from it:
" On the <:core of politics, whieh I have never mentioned
before, I have greater claims upon the Government than
my competitors. Our shop at Bush Hill, Philadelphia, was
the first in&tituuon in tin* country that raised the banner of
Buchanan and Breckinridge. The day after-the nomina-
tion, we raided the standard, with full-length portrays of
the President and Vice President, and at the election ,our
shop furnished 764 votes for them. Notwithstanding the
present monetary depression, we gave 312 votes for the Ad-
ministration at the last election. We have supported the
party with material aid by thousandsof dollars, and worked
hard, as any of the party in Philadelphia will testify.
" Now, my dear sir, our competitors in Philadelphia were
most violent working opponents against the present Admin-
istration, as is well known in Philadelphia."
Here politics makes its appearance very boldly.
In regard to the five contracts we have previously
considered, we have no evidence that it was
brought to bear, bat it appears here with great
directness—not modestly, or indirectly through
a friend. It is the bidder himself who presents
ilin propria persona. Itis strongly presented. The
bidder comes bearing a banner on which are blaz-
oned "full-length portraits of the President and
Vice President." But this is not all. Alas! for
his competitors! They must be unmasked, if
perchance, they have disguised themselves, and
therefore it is brought to light that they ti were
most violent working opponents against the Ad-
ministration, as is well known in Philadelphia."
It is proper to notice that this extravagant po-
litical self-recommendation was interposed on the
2d of November, two days before .the board was
appointed, and six days before it reported. Mr.
Norris was inquired of on this subject, and he
has testified, undertaking to explain why it was
he resorted to political influence. He says it was
because Messrs. Landy and Witte interfered for
his competitors. He saw them at the office of the
Secretary. We give extracts from his deposition:
"Question. Please name the gentlemen who went in at
that time ?
"Jinswer. Mr. Landy, now a member of the Hou&e of
.Representative, wns there.
"Question. YVhoelso?
ilAnswer. Upon my word, T forget the others.
"Question. How many were there of them?
"Jinswer. There were two members of Congress with
Mr. Witte. The other gentleman [ really do not recollect.
I have forgotten his. luime. Seeing the&e gentlemen there,
was what first alarmed me, and started me r>ff to get politi-
cal aid.
" Question. Up to that time, had you obtained any certifi-
cates as to your political character?
"Answer. No, sir."
* * * * ******
"Question. Wlmn was this that you saw Mr. Landy and
Mr. Witte at the Navy Department?
"Answer. Some time in November.
"Question. Whatpartot November?
"Answer. In the early or middle part; perhaps in the mid-
dle part; I have no lecoilecuon of it, only that it was just
about the time I went off to Philadelpha, for seeing them
there induced me to go."
* .** * * * * * *
" Question. How long previous ?
"Answer. ft is impossible to say; that first induced me to
return to Philadelphia.
"Question. ! wb>h you would put it within some limits;
say that it could not have been eailier or later than such a
time. Was it before tiie 15th of November?
" Ansv.a . I eannot say. If I could see the letter of John
G. Brenner, I couid tell exactly. It was before November
15.
<e Question. How long before ?
" Answer. A day or two.
" Question. Do you thmk it was as much as a week be-
fore ?
i{ Answer. I do not know ; I cannot say.
" Question. Could it have beenmore than a week before?
