$12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d SessI Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures.
Ho. of Reps.
," Amwer. Let nie calculate. [A pause.J It n®s on ttie
Friday previous to tiifi 16th of November j it wss about tile
12th or 13th of November."
, - * . * * * *- « * *
" Question- Your letter reporting-yourself a Democrat,
awl ^siting ftvor of the Government oil political grounds,
was dated November 5?
"Answer. Then it was in October that i saw Mr. Landy
and-the other gentleman here."
W6 now give some extracts from the testimony
of Landy and Witte. Mr. Landy says: 1
"'I find, by reference to the books in which my name is
recorded at the hotel, that I arrived here npon the 7th of
November, which was after the election, that having taken
place upon the second Tuesday of October. Upon reflec-
tion, I find a correction I would like to make. I replied that
I thought I came here m company with Mr. Witte. I dis-
tinctly recollect now that at that time 1 came here alone."
+ *■**•« >*•***
<< Question. What representations did you make to him
in regard to the matter?
"Answer. That they were a very experienced firm, highly
honorable and creditable mcu ; that in all their undertak-
ings, so far as marine engines were concerned, their labors
had been crowned with the highest success : and I recom-
mended them to the Department, m view ot the success of
the establishment, and their ability to perform the work m
& manner advantageous to the Government.
" Question. Did you suggest to the Secretary any politi-
cal considerations?
Answer. None at all; none.
" Question. Did you state anything about the political
standing of this firm ?
teAnswer. No, sir; nothing at all."
Mr. Witte, an ex-member of Congress, says:
« Question. What inducements did you hold out to the
Department, or to anv officer of the Department, to give to
Reaney, Neafie & Co. the Sast contract, or either of the
contracts? , ,
•< Jlmwer. None other than that their house having a long
experience in the construction of marine engines, especially
propeller engines, and having, as I am informed by their
books, built more propeller engines tlmn have been built in
the country; bd'-iiie^, it would betor the interest oi tile Oov-
emment to give them the contract, i lieUi out no other in-
ducement except what their supposed superiorly, skill, and
ability to construct engines of that particular chaiacter af-
forded."
We do not propose to dwell upon this feature
of the case ; but we think it is evident that Mr.
Norns began this political movement. It seems
to us the letter itself, without reference to other
testimony, shows it; for we cannot but believe
that if it had been predicated upon a similar
movement, begun first by his competitors, the let-
ter would have referred to ii.
■The new board reported, on the 8th'of Novem-
ber; the " Allaire Works" was the highest bid-
der, and no one of the board approved their plan.
Wood reported in favor of Reaney, Neafie & Co.,
saying, among other things, their plans, con-
trasted with those of Mr. Norris, " comprise
fewer parts, are less complicated, more accessible,
and,m my opinion, best adapted to secure the
object of the Department." He also referred, in
his opinion, to the movement of the propellers.
Each plan had two propellers. In Norris's plan
they moved in the same direction ; in Reaney,
Neafie & Co. 's they moved in directions opposite
to each other. Wood says of this:
" I will add, the practice of engineers heretofore has been,
where two propellers were us-ed, to drive them m directions
opposite to each other; and 1 know ot no sufficient reason
to change the practice, and would not do so, were the le-
sponsibihty of the arrangement to devolve upon me."
Hunt leaned to the side of Norris. He says:
"There is sq little difference ill the engines ofTeied by
Mr. Norns, and Reaney, Neafie & Co , as it regaids what I
consider will be their etiiciency,that it i  difficult to decide
which to recommend," * * * " and both their
plans have, not only good, but objectionable points about |
them. The engines of Xleaney, Neahe & Co. are simplest
in fonn, butthey neeessaiily occupy one hundred and Unity
square feet, or about thirty per cent, the most space in the
vessel, and will not, in my opinion, be any more efficient
than those of Mr. Norris. It is my opinion the condensers
of Mr. Norris are the best, 'failing simply the plans and
specifications as presented to the board, with tho tune andj
price for building, 1 would recommend accepting the bid of
Mr. Norris.
Everett reported in favor of Reaney, Neafie &
Co.; Whipple in favor of Mr. Norris; and three ;
of them were of opinion that the peculiar move- ,
ment of Mr. Norris's propellers made no material i
difference. I
How stands the case now among the engineers ? t
Two boards have examined Norris's plans. Of;
the first board, two condemned them; and were,
at Mr. Norris's request, left off the second board.
The other two of that board neither approved or
condemned, but simply recommended new pro-
posals. The second board was equally divided—•1
two for Norris, and two for Reaney, Neafie & Co. 1
We thus have, in these boards, four engineers
condemning Norris's plans.
The reports were sent to the Secretary, and the
case was now with him. His decision wa.s sus-
pended. Norris has seen Witte and Landy just
about this time; and, no longer trusting to his
great letter of the 2d November, begins afresh.
He plies the Secretary with political letters and
documents of all sorts. By the 16th of the month
we find on file, among other papers, the following
political letters: One from J. H. Baker, one from
J. Hamilton, jr., and two from Hon. H. M. Phil-
lips; and Colonel Florence appeared personally
for him. If we could rely upon the recommend-
ations on file by the 16th, we might well say, in
the language of one of Norris's friends, that he
stood before the Secretary on that day, " person-
ally, mechanically, arid politically, meritorious."
But how was it with Reaney, Neafie & Co. at that
time? They had presented no political letter, nor
is it in proof they used such influence. We can
only infer it; because Messrs. Landy and W^tte
represented them, and they deny they presented
such considerations. There are papers on file in
behalf of Reaney, Neafie & Co.; but they are all
pertinent, referring only to the engines. Among
others is a letter of J. Ericsson, the inventor of
the propeller, which closes with this statement:
" The advantages of giving a contrary motion to the pro-
pellers in vessels of light, variable diaught, or 111 a sea way,
are too obvious to need any demonstration."
In this state of suspense the Secretary again
consults the engineer-in-chief, Mr. Archbold; and
he, upon the 18th of November, again reported,
for various reasons which he gives, that the plans
of engines of Reaney, Neafie & Co. were " de-
cidedly preferable" to those of Mr. Norris. On
the same day the Secretary called for a board of
outside engineers. This board consisted ofSmith,
Jones, and Corryell. They reported on the 2d
of December—Smith and Jones for Norris, and
Corryell for Reany, Neafie & Co.
This ship, the" Griffith," is of peculiar model,
and may be regaided as an experiment to obtain
speed. This is the chief result sought after in
building it. On the 9th of December, Reaney,
Neafie & Co. addressed the Department the fol-
lowing letter:
Washington, D. C., December 9, 1858.
Dear Sir: We are informed that onr proposition to give
you fiftpen miles per hour, as the speed of" Norfolk ship,"
m case the contract is awarded to u?, has not been deemed
worthy of notice by the board of engineers.
That it should have escaped theirobservation is impossi-
ble, and that it should be regarded as unworthy of comment
is, to .sav the least, most extraordinary.
We have always supposed, and we learn from your re-
port just issued, that the aim of your Department was, and
is, " to combine ?peed and power with strength ni ihe high-
est practicable degiee."
We beg leave, therefore, most respectfully to call your
attention to that feature m our proposal which affords you
u guarantee of a rate of speed never before attained by any
vessel built for wailike purpo&cs by this or any other Gov-
ernment.
We have the honor to be your obedient servants,
11EANEY, NEAFIE fc CO.
Hon. Isaac Toucey, Secretary of the Navy.
P. S.—We beg leave al-to to say that we will stipulate
for even a lusher late of speed for the ship now building at
the Philadelphia station, known as the " Griffith ship."
Ii. N. &. CO.
On the 21st of December, twelve days after,
Mr. Norris added to his specifications the follow-
ing speed bid:
Washington, December 31, 1858,
Sir : I beg leave to add to my specifications now before
the Department for machinery lor the ship undei construc-
tion at the Philadelphia navy-yard, by Griffith, naval con-
structor pro tempore, (reserving tho light to modify certain
parts of said machmeiy,) the following:
1. I guaranty the t-poed of the ship twenty miles per
hour
2 The cost of the machinery shall be one hundred and
eighty thousand dollais', (^180,000.)
if, t.pon the trial tnp-, ihe ship does' not make the speed
of twenty miles per hour, there shall be a reduction of
#10.000 from the cn^t-pnee for each and every mile lacking
the speed of twenty link's per hour as guarantied, reducing
the cost as follows, namely '
For a speed of nineteen miles. $170,000; for a speed of
eighteen miles, $160,000 ; fur a speed ol seventeen miles,
£lo0,000; for ;t speed of s-ixteen miles, $140,000 ; for a speed
of ftfrepu miles, •$130,000, See., &c., &c.
Your obedient servant, very respectfully,
WILIJAM NORRIS.
lion. Isaac Toucey, Secretary of the Navy.
On the same day, Reaney, Neafie & Co. par-
ticularize what they had agreed to m their com-
munication of the 0th, and stipulate for a speed,
under favorable circumstances, of sixteen miles
per hour on the trial trip, under a forfeiture of
$15,000, if fifteen miles only is attained; or $7,500
for each half hour between fifteen and sixteen
.miles which they fail to accomplish.
With their propositions so modified, the parties
stood as follows: Norris guaranties sixteen miles
per hour for $140,000; Reaney, Neafie & Co.,
the same, for $139,000; Norris guaranties fifteen
miies per hour for #130,000; Reaney, Neafie &
Co., the same, for $124,000. From this it ap-
pears that Reaney, Neafie & Co.'s proposition
was $1,000 less than Norris* for a speed of six-
teen miles per hour, and $6,000 less for a speed
of fifteen miles per hour. The Secretary submit-
ted the specifications,as amended, to the engineer-
in-chief, and he, on the 21st of December, re-
ported in favor of Reaney, Neafio & Co. The
contract was given to them, and in it they have
guarantied speed at the prices fixed. Mr. Norris,
disappointed by this termination of a long con-
test, has complained to the Department and has
complained to the public. He has charged that
his plans were furnished to Reaney, Neafie &
Co. In this he is mistaken. Your committee are
of opinion that no partiality or favor has been
shown to Reaney, Neafie & Co. in this transac-
tion . On the other hand,it seems to them that Mr.
Norris was most highly favored in preparing his
plans, and had advantages enjoyed by no other
bidders. It is abundantly proven that he and
Griffith, the naval architect, worked together
from the beginning; that the engine was planned
as the model was planned, and that they pro-
gressed together, architect and engineer being in
constant mutual consultation. It is proper to
state that the Martin boiler was in neither of these
plans of machinery.
We think it fortunate for the Secretary it so
happened that his anxiety to obtain a good result
and his sense of duty conducted him to the de-
cision he at last made. Had this contract been
awarded to Mr. Norris, considering his own po-
litical standing and the influence oi this kind he
brought to bear, in comparison with the more
obscure political standing of Reaney, Neafie &
Co., and the apparent absence of all such influ-
ence on their part, it might have been that the
Secretary would have been charged with politi-
cal partiality. For ourselves, we are of opinion
that politics had no effect whatever m determin-
ing this result. It would seem that the plans of-
fered by both parties were good, and worthy of
the patient and repeated examination they re-
ceived. The one party, Norris, is famous here
and abroad in connection with land engines or
locomotives; the other, by long experience, has
acquired an excellent reputation as builders of
marine engines; and both seem to be reliable and
responsible. We approve this award.
This brings us to the last of the seven contracts.
7. The contract for the machinery of the large
sloop at Philadelphia was awarded to Menick &
Sons, of that city. There were seven bidsin this
case; one lower, $4,000 lower, and five higher than
that of the succcssful party. The bids range from
$145,000 to $98,000. That of Merrick & Sons
is $102,000. No one of the board recommended
the plan of the lower bidder; every member of it
recommended that of Merrick & Sons. A com-
parison of the bids, and an examination of the
reports of the engineers, coupled with ihe high
standing of the contractors, render obvious the
propriety of granting to them this contract. This
and the award of the Portsmouth ship are the
only ones m which the board was unanimous in
their opinion; and we would not notice it further
were it not that, m the evidence, attention has
been called to a letter of W. C. Patterson to the
President, dated September 13, 3858. We here"
give it:
Philadelphia, September 13.1S58.
Dear Sir: I venture to suggest to you the importance
of awarding the contracts for the machmeiy of the sloop
now building at the navv-yaid at this tune. and. if it can be
done without piejudiee to the public seivice, to Merrick St
Son-. Theirs the only estdbli-hment m the ftrst di-inct
which employs a large number ot mechanic*; at this tune,
390: when in full work. 450.
The managing partner (Mr. IYI-, senior, being absent, in
bad health,) are "full of energy,straining every nerve to keep
their fore*' during thi* depletion, and, in *o far as I knosv,
the only old Whig?, of any mfluenee in that di^tnct who
arc m lavor of the leelcction of Colonel Florence.
I know, from former experience, the value of that infiu-
