036
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
that we should omit no reasonable endeavor to-
ward its accomplishment. To frustrate such an
enterprise on account of sectional, or partisan,
or personal considerations, would be to degrade
ourqourUiy from the high position which she
now occupies.
The Island of Cuba extends almost from the
seventy-third meridian of longitude west from
Greenwich, to the eighty-fifth meridian, and lies
between the tropic of Cancer and the nineteenth
parallel of north latitude. Its area is thirty-four
thousand two hundred and thirty-three square
miles; that of its principal dependency, the Isle
of Pines, eight hundred and ten square miles; ■.
and that of other dependencies (small islands) ;■
nine hundred and seventy square miles.^ It is !
almost as large, iheiefore, as the State of Ohio, ,
and larger than the State of Indiana. The rich- ]'
ness of its soil, the luxuriance of its-agricultural ;
production, its genial, climate, the wondrous
beauty of Us hills, rivers, woods, and plains, at- jj
tracte'd the admiration of Columbus on his first !j
voyage of discovery; and supposing this to be a !'
part of the Asiatic continent, he mistook it for
the kingdom of Cathay, described, half in fable
and half in fact, by the elder geographers and i1
travelers. Since that time, the capacities and i
resources of Cuba have been ascertained to be
greater than those of any region, of equal extent,
upon the globe. The staples of exportation, at ,
present, are sugar, coffee, cigars, tobacco in leaf, j;
molasses,honey, and wax; these being so profit- J,
able, in late years, as almost entirely to exclude 11
cotton, indigo, wheat, hemp, flax, and the pro- 1
duce of the vine. I;
It has been shown to us, by the reports of the
Committees on Foreign Relations, in the Senate
and in the House, that free commerce between
Cuba and the United States is now an absolute .
necessity for both; that, upon the immense quan-
tities of sugar and molasses imported thcnce an-
nually, we pay an export duty to the Spanish !
Government as %vell as an import duty to our own; , ■
that, on the other hand, the stores of meat and j
bread-stuffs exported from all our Northwestern
States, through New Orleans, and along the very j.
shores of-Cuba, cannot find admittance there, be- !'
cause of discriminating dutits against us, levied !;
by Spam, amounting to nearly or quite one hun- ;■
dred percent. These considerations are of vital ^
interest to the people whom I have tin* honor to I
represent, and ate alonr sufficient, in my estima-
tion, to require that the Government of the United
States should tolerate no obstacle', whether ofdi-
plomnc.y or even of war, between us and a recip-
rocal inteichange of production. !l
The aggregate of taxation directly imposed on ■
foreign sugar and molasses, consumed in the :
United Stairs during the last year, as shown by
the report of the Uon.-^ committee, is §6,346,184; '
and the enhanced price of Louisiana sugar and !i
molasses, caused by the duty of twenty-four per i
cent, on importations, amounts to an additional |
taxation (mdnect) of almost two millions more. <n
This, in a year of magnificent crops at home, is j,
what we pay for the production, in Louisiana, of ; ■
one hundred and seventy-five thousand tons of su- |,
gar, or (say) fifteen to eighteen millions of dollars i.
in value, if the Government of the United States 1
be under obligation to " protect" the planters of ;
Louisiana, by insuring them a specific price for 1
Kuaar annually, how much more sensible would
jt be to adopt, at once, the policy of Holland to- !j
ward her colonists in Java, purchasing the entire '/
crop, each year, and reselling even at a loss of j,
three or four millions ? That would save the con- i1
sumcrs one half, at least, of the burden now mi- r
posed. i
I have noticed in several newspapers an appeal ,,
to Congress for the taxation 'of tea and coffee. '
Sir, those articles are taxed already, and taxed
enough. What difference to the man who would
drink a cup of tea or of coffee, whether he pays
twelve per cent, on the tea or the coffee, and twelve •
per ceiitffon the sugar with which it is made pal-
atable, or pays twenty-four per cent, on the sugar ,
alone: 1
On the other hand, as sugar is only produced ;
by the labor of slaves, and we have forbidden the
importation of slaves from abroad, while the Af-
rican slave trade as well as the Chinese slave ttade
flourish in Cuba, it has been fairly argued thatas
we have increased the price of slave labor in Lou-
isiana, by legislation, for reasons of wise and
humane policy, we ought not to reward ihe inhu-
manity, the bad faith, and the turpitude of the
Spanish authorities in Cuba, by an equal access
sto our markets. The way to avoid this alterna-
tive—to be just toward Louisiana and toward the
consumers of sugar—is to,annex the Island of
Cuba to the United States, and thus bring it within
the operation of our laws for the suppression of
the slave trade.
But sugar is not the only article in regard to
which an inequality of trade with Cuba exists.
On all exportations, except sugars, there is a dis-
crimination of thirty-three to one hundred per
cent, against us. In the report on Commercial
Relations, volume 3, page 127, it is said:
4S Exports —By the tariff" of 1847, sugar in foreign bot-
tom- pays 37J cents a box; in Spanish "2o cent1?. Coffee m
foreign bottoms pays 20 cents a ba?; in Spanish 12 cents.
Tobacco ui foreign bottoms pays §1 50 per one hundred
pounds ; m Spanish 75 cents. Cigars (no diacrimauon) 50
cents per thousand. Gold of every description expound in
foreign bottoms to foreign or Spanish ports, two and a quar-
ter per cent, on valuation of §16 per ounce; to Spanish
ports m rfpaniM) vessel-*, nothing. Stlverof any description,
in foreign or Spanish bottoms to any foieigti ports, tin ee and
aquaitei percent, on valuation of $16 perpound; to Span-
ish ports in foreiiin or Spanish vessels, nothing. A'l orhoi
ptoduce exported to foreign ports pays on the valuation
seven and a quarter per cent, m foreign vessels, and four j
pei cent in Spam*!); to Spanish ports in Spanish vessels, 1
three percent, and one percent, balanza.
u By virtue of the rojal oider, before mentioned, of No- j
vember 3. 185!', (published here 19th December of said i
>eau and which began to be enforced in respect to exporta- j
turn,5 on 1ft January. 1831,) the following additional duty 13 j
levied upon ^vpotted.niodiiee : 50 cents per box of sugar;
25 cents per one hundred pounds of tobacco, oi per thou-
sand of cigars." j
Turning from exports to imports in Cuba, the
discrimination is even more remarkable. Thus, j
on page 156 of the same report, 1 find: |
Tue irt-t tariff for imports and expoits of the Island of I
Cuba commenced to be eihoiecd in 1847. The mi pint dutiep i
ott nitioles. ot every description are levied noon a tix^d aver- i
a^e value of the articles in the island. The valuation is
specified in the tariff. Foreign merchandise m foreign bot-
toms pay some twenty-seven urid a bait per cent.; others
thirty-three and a half pei cent. ; foiej«?n merchandise in
Spanish bottoms', from toiei::n port*, some nineteen and a
half per cent.. ofheistwenuMiiree and a half pei cent. Fine
jewelry is excepted : it toxeign, comma in foi< ign bottoms,
it pays seven and a half per cent; it m Spanish bottoms, five
and a half per cent. Spanishjewelry, coming either in Span-
ish oi foreign vessels, pays only three and a half per cent.
The same rntps of nineteen and a halt'per cent and twenty-
three and a half per cent., are levied upon foreign merchan-
dise coming hom rue peninsula in Spanish bottoms. Span-
ish goods coming in foreign vessels, pay some fouiteen and
a half per cent, others seventeen and a half percent. All
Spanish productions or manufactures, (with the exception
ofjewelr>, as above stated,) that come in Spanish vessels,
, pay seven and a half per cent."
And now comes (page 127) a paragraph well
1 worthy of attention:
" The above does not include flour, which, by virtue of
several royal ciders, pav*3 the following rates: ^
Spanish flour in Spanish bottoms ,,.$2 00 per barrel.
Spanish flour in foreign bottoms  6 00 ■* "
Foreign flour in foreign bottom*  9 ">0 >• u
Foieign floui in Spanish bottoms.  8 50 " "
"AH flour pays, besides, two percent, on the valuation of
$12 50 per barrel, and one per cent, balunza.
<k Subsequently, one halt per cent, wa* added upon all
1 imports; and still later, (19th December, 1850, by virtue of
! a royal oider, dated 3d November, ot same jeai.) an addi-
' tional increase was laid on, to Ja«tfor two years, of one and a
half per cent, on valuation of all foreign impoit=s, and one sev-
enth to b>; chaiged over and above the amount to that time
paid on Spanish impoit*. This increase was to cover cer-
tain necessities of the Government. The two yeais went
by long ago ; the necessity may have passed ; but the addi-
tional percentage is stili exacted."
It thus appears that every barrel of flour tm-
j ported from the United States is valued at $12 50
' for the purposes of taxation, and is taxed $10 85.
i Accordingly, in 1851, there were imported into
1 Cuba only two thousand one hundred and two
' and a half barrels of flour, of the value of
$26,251 25, on which duties to the amount of
■ &2l),704 36 were levied. (Commercial Relations,
vol. 3, pa^e 12?.) \
Th^ valuation of §12 50 per barrel seems, to
hove been adopted for the purpose of avoiding
th«-k effect of our treaties with Spain; a species of
refined iniquity like the "home valuation" often
, ptoposed to us, but happily repudiated from our
. lirai tariff act until the present time.
When you consider that the United States hold,
1 geographically, toward Cuba, the relation of the
■ nearest exporter of flour, this practical exclusion
of 119 from her market, by such a discrimination
of duties, cannot be otherwise than unjust and
! offensive in the last degree. "Nor is it an acci-
1 dental injustice: it is part of that policy which
Spain has pursued toward us whenever, and as
often as, she could find an opportunity or excuse.
In the report on Commercial Relations, vol. 3,
page 131, the compiler says:
" I find, on a cntical examination of the whole Spanish
tariff, embracing three thousand and sixty one articles, a
discrimination to the prejudice of the United States m all
cases where the interests of the consumers and Govern-
ment here do not compel a contrary course; and, for ex-
ample, in the following manner, whereby to escape obseiva-
lion and the charge of unfair treatment: handkerchiefs of
cotton, for duty, assessed at thirty five and a half per cent.,
and one perccnt. balance on valuation ; while, of all other
material, and of expensive fabncs not made in, or of ■prod-
ucts of, the United Stntcs, they are a-^Cssed at twenty-
nine and a half per cent., and one per cent, balance on
valuation."
The same page indicates fully the extent of all
this injustice:
Summary.
Duties paid at the ports of the Island of Cuba by vessels of
aU nations, including cargoes by *ame 873,086 62
Duties paid by vessels of the Ignited States,
with theii' cargoes, and including other fees,
tonnage, light, and mud-machine dues  3,338,120 91
Difference.
7i
Commercial movement of Cuba with the
world  $37,234,178 93$
Commeiem! movement of Cuba with the
United States    18,663,553 93
Difference
.. $'33,570,624 9of
The commerce of Cuba with the United States,
as here shown, bears about the proportion of one
third of all her commerce; and yet on that third,
$18,663,553 98, we pay three fifths, $3,338,120 91,
of all the duties.
But, sir, the geographical position of Cuba,
without reference to any other fact, is enough to
decide the whole question. Remember that Cuba
lies in the very gorge of the Gulf ofMexico; that
no vessel can enter, or find exit, until she has
passed the guns of Spanish fleets and forts; that
the nation which controls Havana, now and
henceforth and forever, must hold our immense
property, as well as the lives of our citizens and
the honor of our flag, at its own discretion. The
most truthful and famous of travelers, Alexander
Humboldt, has described this in language at once
glowing and accurate:
li Tnat northern poitson of the sea of the Antilles known
a?> the Gulf of Mexico, foim- a cncular bay of more than
two hundred and lifiy le-iguos diameter: as it were, a med-
iterranean with two outlets, whose coasts, from Cape Flor-
ida to Cape Catoche, in Yucatan, appertain exclusively, at
the prcr-oiHt'ii.e.t'j tho Con fed<Mj.uons of the Mexican States
and of North America. The L-land of Cuba, or, more prop-
eily cpeakius. that pai t of its shore between Cape San An-
tonio and the City of Matanzas, situate near the entrance
of the old Cab una channel, elores the Gulf ofMexico on
the somhea-r. leaving to the oceanic cuirentwe call the
Gulf Sti pain. no other parages than a strait on the south,
between Cape San Antonio and Cape Catoche, and the
Bahama ehannel on the noith, between Bahia Honda and
the iew< of Florida.
" Near io the northern on'let. and immediately where a
multitude or in^hwavs thronging with the commcrccof the
woild cio-s e.ach othei, lies the'heautifni port of Havana—
stronglj defended hv natuie. and still more strongly lortilied
by ait. Fleets sailing fiom this poif, built m part of the ce-
dar and mahogany ot Cuba, may defend the parages to the
American mediterianean, and menace the opposite coasts
as the fleets saihnc fiom Cadiz may hold the. dominion of
the ocean near the column-* of floicuh's. The Gulf of Mex-
ico and the old and new Bahama eitannels unite under the
meridian of Havana.
On the 3d of September, 3783, when Great Brit-
ain acknowledged the independence of the United
States by definitive treaty, Spain had exclusive do-
minion of the Gulf of Mexico, and because she
owned the entire coast from tho Cape of Florida
to the Cape of Yucatan; her possession of Cuba,
at that time, was altogether appropriate. On the
30th of April, ie03, the United States acquired
Louisiana, Aoni the Pcrdido river to the Rio
Grand'*, by treaty with France—to which Power
Spain had ceded the province thre.e years before
—and thus acqunod an interest in the Gulf of
Mexico and its commerce. On the 22J of Feb-
ruary, 1819, Spain ceded to us, by treaty, the
provinces of East and West Florida: and obtained
from us, in part recompense, the country between
the Rio Grande and the Sabine river. Very soon
afterwards, Mexico established her independence,
and Spain ceased to be the owner of a single inch
of the Gulf coast.
Texas separated from Mexico in 1S36, assert-
ing, and successfully maintaining, independence.
In December, 1845, she was annexed to the Uni-
ted States; and in February, 18-18, Mexico ceded
to us all claim on Texas, westward to the ftio
Grande, as well as the provinces of New Mcxico
