1859.J
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3i5
35th Cong....2d Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures.
Ho. op Refs.
a. copy of the testimony, and notified that any
statements either of them desire to make would
be heard by the committee, or that any witnesses
desired by'them would be examined. The Sec-
retary, in his letter of February 14, 185S, Here-
with submitted, states that the same system ex-
isted in the coal agency during the administration
of his predecessor. He also states that he was
not aware, until the present investigation, "ofany
want of attention on the part of the coal agent.
LIVE-OAK CONTRACTS.
Live-oak timber, like other material for the
Navy, is required by law to be purchased by con-
tract with the lowest bidder; but, unlike other
material, it is not kept on hand in large quantities
by dealers in timber; therefore, it has been the
uniform custom of the Government to allow con-
tractors from one to two years to furnish the
supply needed, unless the exigencies of the ser-
vice demand an immediate supply, when the
amount needed may be bought in open purchase.
"When delivered, it is stored away in the navy-
yards, and used as the service demands.
W. C. N. Swift, a whaler of New Bedford,
Massachusetts, had, prior to 1844, been contractor
for the supply of live-oak and other timber for
the Government. Jn 1854 he entered into a writ-
ten agreement with George Pliu,of Philadelphia,
an active and intimate friend of President Buch-
anan, by which Plitt agreed to aid Swift all he
could in obtaining live-oak contracts with the
Navy Department; for which Swift was to pay
to Plitt ten per cent, on the gross amount of the
contracts made. The aid contemplated was that
Plitt should place Swift upon familiar relations
with the Departments. Pie introduced Mr. Swift
to Mr. Dobbin during President Pierce's admin-
istration, and to other gentlemen, and used all
his influence in behalf of Swift. Pending the
presidential election of 1856, Plitt introduced
Swift to Mr. Buchanan, and sought to place him
in the very best position he possibly could with
the President. Plitt, at the time, was treasurer
of the Democratic £>tate central committee of
Pennsylvania, and, as such, received from Swift
the sum of $16,000, of which Swift contributed
$10,000,and received the balance from his imme-
diate friends, to be used in the pending election.
Mr. Buchanan was informed before the election,
that Mr. Swift was an old line Whig who had
come over to his patty,aud was taking an active
part in the election; and he was subsequently in-
formed of the amount contributed by Swift.
Phtt testifies that—
({In intinducujg Mr. Swift, I fold Mr. Toueey that he
was a gentleman whom I should he very glad to have hnn
aid in any way that he conkl, legitimately, of course ; that
he wan my very warm friend, who had contributed very
liberally towards the election of 1856, and that he had a
numbei of old-line Whig ft tends in Massachusetts, who
were equally liberal, some of them, at least, and I thought
that such gentlumen ought to be patronized of course "
Plitt further testifies that ho regarded the con-
tract with Swift, of April, 1854, as a continuing
contract, and s< supposing thatagreement was still
inforce under the present Administrationasunder
the former one, I had taken pains to make him
acquainted with every one of my political friends."
In the frequent interviews of Plitt with the
President and Secretary, whenever Swift's name
was mentioned, Plitt took pains to recommend
him as a very good fellow:
" Aud 1 was veiv i-oriv he s-liould be disappointed; he
vrn« rumou  to cr«*t tome appointments in Massachusetts,
in ali of which he wa-s disappointed, and I felt some sym-
pathy for him. I frequently spoke of hnn m that way."
lie testifies this was the extent of his aid to
Swift.
The undersigned need not dwell upon the cor-
rupting tendcncics of such agreements as that
between Plitt and Swift, whereby the influence
arising from social relations and personal inter-
views with the highest officers of the Government
are sold for money. When they became the gen-
eral rule, and upon discovery are passed over
without objection or reproof by the highest func-
tionaries, they become offenses which should be
punished by severe penalties. But they are still
more dangerous when they look not merely to
political influence, butare controlling and tamper-
ing with the judicial duty of awarding contracts.
Contracts for live-oak, in 1857, were awarded
to Swift for one hundred and fifty thousand feet,
to be delivered at the three navy-yards. An'out-
standirig contract with a Mr. Blanchard was can-
celed and awarded to Swift in November, 1857.
The amount of these contracts is $232,940.
Prior to June, 1858, Swift brought to some of
the navy-yards large quantities of live oak, which
was rejected; some of it because the size was be-
low that prescribed by the contract, and some
| for its -inferior quality. By the rule of the De-
i partment, at most of the yards timber not coming
j "within the contract was required to be removed
! before that which had been accepted would be
j-paid for. This rule seems to have been strictly
I enforced, except as to the timber delivered by
1 Swift & Bigler, whose connection with these
j transactions will be shown hereafter. The offi-
cers on duty at the navy-yards, except at Nor-
folk, would have enforced this rule, but -they
were required, by an order of the Secretary, to
allow this timber to remain in the yards, where,
in some instances, it became a grievous inconve-
nience. By thcl5th of June, 1858, when it be-
came necessary to prepare the annual advertise-
ment, the timber thus accumulated amounted to j
about eighty thousand feet. On the day of
May, 1858, Swift sent the Department a state-
ment of the amount of his timber then on hand.
Before the advertisement of June, 1858, was
issued, Swift and Bigler each had interviews with
the Secretary. Bigler urged the Secretary to pur-
chase his timber on open contract. Bigler testi-
fies as follows:
"After I got my contracts filled, I wont to the Secretary
of the Navy to get him to buy my timber upon open pur-
chase. He gave, as a reason for not buying upon open
purchase, that it was against the law to buv timber upon
open purchase, except for immediate use. Mr. Swift went
to him on tho same score; that he had timber over, which
he wished to sell to the Government. This induced the
Secretary, I suppose, to make this advertisement to cover
about the amount of umber that we had."'
Mr. Lenthall, the chief of the.bureau of con-
struction, equipment, and repairs, testifies that
the Secretary inquired of him the shortest time
within which the timber could be cut and trans-
ported to the various navy-yards. He named the
1st of February, 1859; and the testimony shows
that, by extraordinary exertions and unusual
expense and risk, it could have been delivered at
the navy-yards at that time. Mr. Lenthall in- i
serted this date in the advertisement and sent it 1
to the office of the Secretary. It was there altered j
so as to require one half of it to be delivered by
the 1st of September, 1858; thus excluding all !
competition. Bigler testifies that such was the j
design. He says: j
''The Secretary of the Navy knew, and the chief of the ;
bureau knew, that there was nobody else in all America !
that had the timber and could put u m at such a time but !
Mr. Swift and myself. There was not any such timber in j
the United States that was already got out exccpt ours. \
There was nobody else in the business bur Mi. Swift and !
myself who could furnish it. The Secretary knew there ,
was no other timber anywhere else in the market.:J !
If any doubt existed as to the design of the j
Secretary in the particular terms of the advor- j
tisement, the subsequent conduct of the parties i
concerned clearly proves that those terms were '
carefully arranged so as to prevent all competi-
tion, and secure the contract to Swift. Dealers ,
in live-oak timber perceived at once the effect and .
purpose of the advertisement. Samuel P. Brown, i
of Maine, an intelligent lumberman, now a mem- i
ber of the Legislature of Maine, thus testified to i,
a conversation with Swift upon the subject: ;
" I think, about the middle of June, 1858,1 had one con- 1
versation with him. (Mr. Swift.) that was after the adver- !;
tisement was issued by the Department. I told hnn that I ,
was disappointed to see tins advertisement come out; I .
knew that it was got out for his benefit and that of Mr. Big- IJ
ler, and that the way they were managing the thing would , j
not give satisfaction. I advised him, for hi* own reptita- [j
tion, to go to the Secretary and induce him to withdraw .;
that advertisement and let'him purchase his timber, if he j
wanted it for immediate use. lie told n>e that he had been I:
trying to induce the Secretary to do that same thing ; but ;!
the Secretary told him that he had no authority to purchase
this limber. He had made up his mind that he could not
do it without advertising ; but the advertising arrangement
was such that nobody could offer for it but himself, because
he had timber m the yards, and he knew that no other man
could fill the offer, and it would only be triflingto make any
offer. £ stated to Mr. Swift that I should make an offer to
take the contract in good faith, and then should ask the Sec-
retary for an extension of time ; says he,' he will not grant
it.5 e Well, then," said I, Met him do that, and I will re-
port the thing to Cong! ess next winter.5"
By the advertisement as issued, 150,000 feet
was required, being 25,000 feet at each of six
yards, and a larger quantity than had been par-
chased in any previous year, except In 1857; iittt
it was of a smaller size arid of straighter for^j,
and therefore much less valuable for ship-build-
ing. It was of the peculiar -character and descrip-
tion then owned by Swift in the different n&vy-
yards. Itwas impossible for any dealerbutS.wift
to comply in point of time. The whole amount,
of live-oak timber in the market within the reach
of the Navy Department, other than Swift's and
Bigler's timber, was less than 4,000 feet. The
yellow fever was prevailing in the live-oak region;
none could be cut and transported by the 1st of
September, 1858, even to Pensacola,m the midst
of the live-oak district. Work was then sus-
pended in the navy-yard there,and neither human
endurance nor enterprise could meet the dangers
of pestilence in that region.
The advertisement being thus arranged, it is
manifest that but two men could compete, and
these two were Bigler and Swift. They were in
the city about the time the bids were to be opened,
and then entered into an agreement, by which
Swift was to put in his bid and Bigler was to bid
above him, so that there would be no possibility
of Bigler coming in competition with Swift. The
j contract was then to be taken by Swift for the
j whole amount of timber—one hundred and fifty
| thousand feet, at $195,000, or $1 30 per cubic
foot—and Swift was to take of Bigler the timber
he had on hand at the various yards at contract
prices. Bigler testifies that he told the Secretary:
:£ t did not carp how iie arranged the matter, if lie would
give the contract to Mr. Swift, for rt would make no differ-
ence to me, as lie had agreed to take my timber.'*
This attempt of Swift and Bigler to procure
the contract would have been entirely successful,
but for the intervention of several other bidders,
who, being engaged in the business of lumber-
ing, were anxious to obtain a contract with the
Government. They noticed the shortness of the
time for delivery. Some of them had been, for
years, contractors for delivering live-oak to the
Government, and in no previous case was the
time of delivery less than from one to two years.
Not supposing that the Secretary would enforce
an impossibility, hut would allow a delivery of
the timber at any lime within the six months pre-
scribed for the delivery of the whole, and sup-
posing that, by extraordinary exertions, they
could accomplish that, they made proposals;
The lowest bids were those of Buxton & Law-
rence, who offered to deliver twenty-five thousand
feet at each of the yards, at Portsmouth, New
Hampshire, Charlestown, and Brooklyn, for
$81,750 for the whole; Samuel B. Grice offered to
deliver twenty-five thousand feet at each of the
yards at Philadelphia and Norfolk, for $57,400
for the two yards; Coates, Degraw & Beach of-
fered to deliver twenty-five thousand feet atPen-
sacola for $27,750; in all being one hundred and
fifty thousand feet for $166,700, being $28,300
less than the prearranged bids of Switt. If the
usual time of one and two years had been allowed
by the advertisement, the testimony shows us
that the bids would have been reduccd at least
fifteen p'H" cent , or about $25,000. But the bids
made were upon (he basis of an entire delivery
before the 1st of February, 1859, involving un-
usual expense and risk.
The successful bidders promptly took steps to
complete their contracts. General Berry, of
Maine, was applied to by Messrs. Buxton
Lawrence to become their security. Before doing
so he wrote to his fr end, Mr. John Appleton,
Assistant Secretary of State, to obtain an exten-
sion of the time for delivery. Mr. Appleton ap-
plied to the Secretary of the Navy, and was in-
formed that, if the contracts were not complied
with, he would buy the timber in open market and
charge it against them under the law. Mr. Ap-
pleton urged that, unless the timber was needed
for immediate use, it would certainly be better to
extend the time for its delivery, and then get it at
a low rate, rather than purchase it at once at
high rates. The Secretary said he would consider
that point before he decided. Mr. Appleton called
the second time, and was then informed by the
Secretary of the Navy that Mr. Swift had offered
to take the contract at the rates proposed by the
lowest bidders, and he had accepted his offer.
