1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
and Upper California. In the same year (1848)
Yucatan asserted her independence; since winch
time, that province never 'has been subdued by
Mexico, but has gradually relapsed into barbar-
ism.
The present condition of the Mexican Republic
—and, indeed, her condition for the last eleven
years—that of anarchy, retrogression, and ulti-
ma! <M-n ill. Without regard, therefore, to our duties
imposed by the acquisition of California and the
colonization of the Pacific coast—involving, as
those duties must, the care of the Tehimnrepec
isthmus, and all mler-oceanic routes—the United
States have a greater interest in the Gulf of Mex-
ico than any other nation. Why, therefore,
thould fcjpatn command us in that quarter? ' She
lias no longer a colony on the. Gulf coast, nor
docs she contribute anything to its commerce.
I he possession of INew Orleans by Fiance, in
38(H), was not as objectionable as the possession
of Cuba by Spain lies now become. It is a pos-
session by mere strictness of title, and without
any reason or equitable consideration. What
would be our decision, or that of any candid man,
to-dtjy, if Spain had repeatedly endeavored to pur-
chase Gibraltar from Great Britain; and finding
all such overtuies rejected, while the retention of
that fortress by a foreign Power constantly en-
dangeied the peace and welfare of her people,
should dehvr-1- herself, nobly, at the point of the
sword ? And yet Spain has not a case of such
merit in le^ard to Gibraltar, as we now present in
regaid to Cuba; for Spam is not a-lone interested
in toe C'MriiYJL'rcc ot the Mediterranean sea, and
holds only a small share of ifs coast; whereas,
we own the Gulf of Mexico, practically, and are
entuJed to the key which locks and unlocks it.
_ i heie is another fact worthy of the utmostcon-
iideiation. While Spain thus controls at mercy,
and without any reason, the commcrce and the
necessary defense of out western and southern
State?; while she violates (as I have shown) all
tne obligations of comity and fair intercourse be-
tween ik-mohhors, it is, nevertheless, impossible
for us to avoid relations with her. The winds and
the waves continually complicate the difficulties
raused by her position towards us. Vessels en-
gaged in the trade of the Gulf, sailing to or from
Galveston, New Orleans, Mobile, or Pensacola,
are often compelled to seek refuge in the ports of
Cuba, or be wiecked upon its shore; and often,
-m such cases, the gravest outrage is perpetrated
by the Spanish authoi lties—out i age on the law of
hospitality acknowledged by all nations; outiage
caused, nine times in ten, by sheer wantonness
and mabce. Cuba has no constitutional, or even
responsible, government; neither the inhabitants
of the island lior foreigners, whether sojourning
there fiom choice or necessity, hatfe the least safe'
guard of liberty, property, or right. Tho will of
the Captain General is the law for Cuba m all
fasr>s—a ^pamsh soldier sent to repair Ins broken
fortunes at the expense of the people over whom
he tyrannizes. He appoints the judges and min-
isterial officers; he can lemove any of them at
937
committed in <5uba to the persons and property
of our citizens. Butr sir, what avail such com-*
plaints? They cannot be. preferred to the Captain
General; because, although his power of mischief
and offense is unlimited, he has no power of re-
dress. They must be preferred to the Court of
Spain; transmitted thence to Havana for investi-
gation, and returned to Madrid for argument and
decision. Thus, while the most flagrant outrages
have been committed at our very doors—outrages
from the occurrence of which our citizens could
not even guard themselves—such as have sought
redress (and few ever found that woith their
while) were compelled to seek it on the other side
of the world, and after having traversed the ocean,
backward and forth several times .until fortune and
health and patience became exhausted, to abandon
the attempt as altogether hopeless. Truly, as the
House committee has said, our list of claims
against Spain, of this description, resembles the
docketuf piosecutions in some county court; ex-
cept, indeed, that we have no reasonable prospect
o; judgment, or even trial
The nexfrCongress adopted a similar act for West
rlorida:
An act authorizing the President of the United States to
rase possession ot a tract of' country lying south of tBe
ivitfsisxiippi Territory and west of the river Perdido, -
„ 7cn?c$c*fi!/ the S^ate and Home of Representatives
of the united States of Jlmcricain Congress assembled, That
tn°i r 'fi1 c* and he 1:3 hereby, authorized to occupy
and hold a*Uhat tract of country called West Florida, which
ssrPerd*'M< now ™ ™ °f
See. 2. *#nd. be it further enacted, That for the purpose
ot occupying and holding the country aforesaid, and of af-
fording protection to the inhabitants thereof, under the
authority of the Unned Slates, the President may employ
<meh parts of the military and naval force of the United
stares as he may deem necessary.
See. 3, Jind he it farther enacted, That, for defravingthe
necessary expenses, -500,000 is hereby appropriated out of
anv moneys tn the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
and to he applied for that puipose under the direction of
the Pi evident.
Appioved, February 12, 1813.
Such proceedings are not only in accordance
with the law of nations, but with that law of na-
_  ;     , f,)r0 which defines the rights of men everywhere,
While I shall vote for this bill, and especially i! *n barbarous as in civiiizcd countries. It'is the
:.l.       . • . . j , * ' t mnnoni-o *•.(? *1... f   t"> "i _ l
measure exacted of us by Great Britain, when
j the steamer Caroline was seized on our own
| shore, at midnight, drawn into the current, and
I fired, like some gorgeous sacrificial pageant, an
j Iphig«niacolossal as the deity to whom she had
; been devoted, speeding to the inexorable abyss
! of Niagara.
[ *Thc letter of Lord Ash-burton to Mr. Webster,
j July 23,1812, contains this remarkable sentence:
" Felf defense is the fust law of out nature, and it must
with some restriction as to thcamountwhich may
be tendered, I am hot sanguine of success in the
j negotiation; but when that shall have failed, or
I keen refused, another duty awaits the President
| as well as ourselves. It is to notify Spam that
she must arm the Captain General of Cuba with
diplomatic poweis; that no further complaint will
be made by the United States, at the Court of
Aladrid, on account uf outrages committed under
his jurisdiction; that, upon the next occasion of   
serious injury to our citizens in Cuba, redress I! 1)0 r^amzed by every code winch ptopoaua to regulate the
will be demanded on the spot, and exacted, if !i com3lUoiH an(l lelations of man.5'
need be. nt tho cnnimn mnntN li Having narrated the circumstances at length,
need be, at the cannon's mouth.
In this, sir, we should only imitate the example j! Lord Ashburton said:
of James Madison and his supporters, m Con-
gress, when Spam put sued towards us, in regard
to Florida, the same policy which she now pur-
sues in regard to Cuba.
'• Tins force, formed of all the reckless and mif-ehievous
people of the border, formidable from their numbers and
Jroni then aimament. had m their pay, arid as pau of their
establishment, this? teamboat Caiohne, the important means
and nwtimnent by which number ami arms were hourly
merea-iug. ( might safely put it to any candid man ac-
quainted with the exiting state of things, to say whether
the military commander in Canada hod the remotest reason,
< n the 09tU of December, to expect to be relieved fiom this
hVV ?7Y" t,JV- wniL'ij state of suffering hv the piotectivc intervention of anv
aiil°n!;,nLr !h|1 sonthc,n bolder of ji American aiithonty? Bow Ions could a Govei nment, having
     *   | the paramount duty of piotecung m own people, be ieaso%
; ably expected to wait ior what they had then no icason to
j expect? Wiidt would have been the conduct or American
officers ? What has boenjheir conduct under cucum>tances
; much lew aggravated? I would appeal to you, sir, to sny
i whether tbc /acts, which you say vou would alone justify
1 this act, namely : a neccsMty of self-defence, mutant, over-
, whelming, leaving no choice of means, and no moment for
i d"hheiation, were not applicable to this ca^e in as high a
I decree as they ever were to any case of a similar desenp-
j fton jn the history of nations."
Resolution and act relative to occupation of tho Flondas i
by the United States ot Amenca. !
Taking into view the pocuhai situation of Spain and tiei !
AnnTican pruvmcct?, and cop-ni, n!-,- t]ie ijiQaencc which
V^tnn oi the tenitory atijoin.nL' the southern bolder of
tiie United Slates ma\ lave upon tlieu secuutj, tianquilhtv,
a.id eommoiee : Theiefoie,
I}crj!vfil hv the Sc/iutc avd House of H^prcscvtcttivc* of
the United S utcs of Jhncricai,! Con^rc^ assembled, 'J'hat
the United SLate*, under the peeuhai circumstances of tiie
existing cannot, without benou^ inquietude, cee any
natt ot the paid tnntorv pa<?< into the hand^ any forei<m
Powei, and that a due lecaid to tli( 11 own safeiy compels
them to provide, under certain eo,HUi!*"ncie!?, for the tem-
poral y occupation of the paid tcrntoiy; ihe\, nt the same
time, declare that the said teiritoiy s-hall, in their hand>,
rci.ia.u <ubji-ct to future negotiation.
Appioved, Januaiy lo. loi I.
An act to enable the President of th.1 Um'ed P ate^ under
ceitaiu conti cericie-s, to tike {)0--,e--i0ii «[ the countiy
Ivii," ua^t ot tiie nver Perdid-K and ■-out'! of the Kiate of
fieoig-a and the Mississippi 'i'eruioiy. and foi otlier pur-
poses.
T'lc
To
uescnoesucn oppression, in eveiy
detail, iy a task beyond my abilities; 1 adopt,
therctoie, the words of one who has been its vic-
tim:
w [n the fir<t place, Cuba i«? not. by far, a CovTiiincnt
that can he tolerated by any civilized nation. It ratner a
loeu> ot outlaw>, the present Captain Geneial having been
once d<'c!aied a tiaitoi. and condemned to death m Spain,
which wi>he  to keep tat ol£ s-ueii eoutii'iion. while s-he is
robbing and hilimg tlnuugh the ouier-: oi the afoie>aid Gov-
ernoi. invented with the a'lbitiaiv powers ofVu-pending <uiy I
jsKl^e Mi.it noes not follow the piojiamme /ounr-d by.ltim- ;
si i: in regai d to an\ individual, either a Cuban, a em/en of :
the United States, or Ihigh-h, or F.eueh. ;
'11'" pic-ent ^v^tem or adnnni^iMuon w : the Captain ]
Oenciat .uli'ies.-e^ the h'^hc-t iiibu'ial. dclanng that -uch
a ma'u< a {ilibu-tci. and de-ei viri" imp! 'FonuvMit. This oi - .
dcrthe tubunal ot e\>. and then three or torn men are se- .
l-'cted by the Guvuimr tioiu <uiioni;-t his own peop.0, to ,
atte-t that lie has spoken m favt i of annoxat!>uj. or he rs
acctr-cdof secreting arms foi icvoiutionary pmpo.-r.- uhieii ;
ann«, probably, have b-'en pncnl m then hnhug places by j
tin millions of the accuse! inmseSl. In ca-e toe judge* do J
not ohey, th'-y aie <=t^pended. a> wa-, the ca-e when thfy 1
tave sentence in favoi of Mi. Eiubd, who oppo-ed the ioh- J
bo.y of some of hi* piopertv. Seven judges of the infeuor
ainl suppnor courts w cte suspended.
•v such an auiui state ofatlans, winch exposes dailj the
piopeitvand hve-- ol ciu/ens« of eveiy m.uo'i, < auijot t>e
toliiated or aLecpt< d n>legiumate, when it is realty a farce
OP JUSth"'1.''
It is no matter of astonishment consequen^y
that from year to yeai,and almost from month
to month, \vc luve ecnous complaint of n.juncs
; Our Government acknowledged the doctrincs
here professed; and, by their application to the
, case, Great Britain l7ecame absolved of all lia-
bility and censure. But, sir, the Caroline was not
, so much an instrument of mischief to the British
■ authorities in Canada as the mch'o possession of
Be it enacted hy the Senate and Home of Ilcpi cm tat ires ' Cuba by Spain is now to us. We Cannot avoid
ofiUcU.atcSLu^o^ne,-nvnn ,sy,^mh!e,L That Cuba m any manner; it is there, at the entrance
[ of the Gulf, commanding all access and escape;
i and it must either belong; to us, or, at least, be so
; the Pi evident ot the United S'ates he/and he i„ hen
i thuru'd to take po-^c.-.-ion of, and oeeup\ nil, or anv part
' ot the temtorv lying ea-it ot' the n\ei Peiduio, nnd south of ..
the Mate ot Geotgia aud the Mi«H>-jppi Ttuntorv, in ca<e ,1 governed as not to °"ivc us continual uneasiness.
; .an nuaugemKit has been or shall b(. made \\ irii the local . | \rn
, aurhonty of s«aid tenifoiy for dehveinig up the po^se-.-ion
| of the same or any pan tl.eieof, to the United States; or,
m <-\cntot an attempt to occupv tne -aid tenitorv. oi any
part tliereof^, hy any foreign Government: and he may, for
the puipofc oi taking possesion and occupvmg tin- ternto-
ry a!ore>aid, and m ouici to maintain ihe'ein the authoi.ty
oi the ITmte i State?, employ un\ p.utot the. Arm) oj ICuVy
of tne United States which may be ne^es-aiy.
See. 2. Jlnd be ,t further enacted, 'j'liar l e i'p-
propi latud fordefi av ingsuch e\pen-e^ a-- the Pie- uh*'*t mav
do'.m neee<-aiy tor obtaining po=-e--'in a-? ato.e.-ani. anil
the .seeuutv of the j-aid temtoiv, to be applied, undet the
direction of the PrcMdent, outoi any money in the Tieas-
uiy not orlieru i^e approptiafd
Src. 3. sJad be if jurlhcj cna-tr^, Th-'? ut po««pssjon
of the tetritoiv atore-aid shall bo obtained hy the United
States, asa'oresaid. that, until othni piovi-ioh be made by
Cougre??, tiie Ph^jd<'nt bo, and he i-, hi i<%bv, authoi iz''rt t •>
(stabh-sh within t'u; territoryatoie-viij a teu'poiaij govern
tnent, and the m.liraiv, ci\h, and indicxal poweis tiierf of
shah be vc-ied m .^iieh p^r-on dnd pci -on^, and be executed
in '-itch nann -r. lie may duccr, for the piotfotam and
inainte.icinee of the inhabitant- of the said ten itoi v, m the
iu'I enjoyment ot then lib.'>ty. propelty, aud iehu'.on.
Aj'piovui, Januaiy 15. 1811.
Th's aet and the resolution which accompa-
nied it, were not published for almost two years;
Congress having so directed in thv act of March ;
3, 1811, at the same session. Clearly, then, no j
menace was intended, but an effectual provision '
for the rcdicss of injuries tuid the public defense. •
j iNo man, and therefore no nation, has any right
; to ictain a cause of injury at the door of a neigh-
' bur, without having theie also immediately at
hand, the means of precaution and of redress.
" W hen thou build^stanew house," said the law
i of Moses, " then thou shalt mak'e a battlement
for thy roof, that thou bring not blood upon thine
; house, if any man fail frooi thence." (Deuter-
onomy, xxii. 8.) How much more does it be-
hove Spain, holding tho Island of Cuba by a
formal title, contrary to the wishes of the people
over whom that title is maintained, to avoid the
injustice which she has exercised, thus far, to-
ward the persons and the property of our citi-
zens ?
That the people of Cuba—and I do not include,
by thts, the municipal dignitaries in Havana <&
elsewhere, appointed by the Captain General—
that the people of Cuba really desire annexation
to the United States., 1 have no doubt. To allege
that they are contented with the present system,
is not only to confess ignorance of their condi-
tion and history for the last ten or twelve years,
but to deny them all the characteristics of mall-
hood. jNeilher in Cuba, nor anywhere else, on
this or the other side of the Atlantic, can there
be found an individual of the Caucasian race who
