816
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
35th Cong....2d Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures.
Ho. of Reps.
Mr. Samuel B. Grice duly executed his con-
tract, and promptly delivered at the navy-yard at
Philadelphia over one thousand four hund red feet.
He arranged to get the residue as rapidly as pos-
sible, and he had on shipboard, at the navy-yard
atPhiladelpliia, on Septemberl6,1858,some eight
hundred feet, when his contract was abruptly can-
celed, and a new one made on similar terms with
Swift.
* Coates, Degraw & Beach executed their con-
tract, and immediately took steps to fulfill it. This
contract related only to the Pensacola navy-yard,
where Swift had no live-oak, and was in no better
condition than other bidders. Mr. Degraw imme-
diately went o.i to Florida to make arrangements
to comply with the wants of the Government
there. He was informed by the navcil constructor
that but a small portion of the timber would be
needed immediately, and sixty days would be in
time for the delivery of the most of if . He made
arrangements to supply the few sticks wanted in
the construction of a vessel then on the stocks; as
for the balance, he arranged to deliver it when re-
quired, and all before the 1st of February, 1859.
Befqre Mr. Degraw went on to Florida, Mr.
Coates came on here on the 1st of September,
the very day upon which one half of this timber
was to have been delivered, and asked for an ex-
tension of time. The Secretary said he was not
in the habit of doing that, to which Mr. Coates
replied, that if their contract was to be annulled
for non-fulfillment, he wanted to know it at once,
and he would expend no more time or money upon
it. He told the Secretary that they were ready
to do what other contractors had done to meet the
wants of the Government, and asked if one of
their firm had better not go on to Florida and as-
certain what the wants of the Government were
there. To which Mr, Toucey replied that he had
better do so, and report to the Department. In
consequence of this, Mr. Degraw went on to
Florida. Before he returned, however, the con-
tract had been annulled and awarded to Swift.
This was a case of peculiar hardship. A prac-
tical lumberman obtained the contract, evinced
unusual energy in its prompt execution, risking
the dangers of the yeliow fever m its worst sea-
son, supplying by puichase the immediate wants
of the Government, and providing for them in
future; yet he is suddenly deprived of his con-
tract, at the Joss of his time and labor, because
he lias not complied with <m impossible condition,
not designed to be performed, and the contract is
awarded to a favored contractor who could not
comply, and who has not yet complied.
During all this time Swift remained in Wash-
ington, in confidence that he would finally get the
contracts. lie assured Bigler "that he was satis-
fied that the parties would have to give them up.
The Government were under obligations to him,
and he thought he could bring such influence to
bear that they would give him these contracts.
He said it was duo to him for services rendered."
By the Jaw—
'•All purchases. &c., mad" by or under the direction,
&c., of the Secretary of tin* Navy, shall he made ejthci by
open ptiichase 01 by pi eviou-Jy advertising lor ipioposals
impeding the same,''&c.—Brightly, pa^e 191.
In ease th'1 lowest, bidder shall !',nl to puicr into such
contract and give such security within a reasonable time,
to bo fixed in such advertisement, then the contract shall
bo given ro the ne\t Jo we? t ladder who shall enter into such
contract and yive such seeuiny.5'—Brhhtlv, pane 677.
Purchases in open market cannot be resorted to, except
in case of such articles as are wanted for u«?e so immediate
a-> not to admit of contnets bv advertisement.'*—Brightly,
note b, page 677.
The Secretary is authorized to purchase in
two ways: first, by contract, ofteradvertiscment,
and acceptance of proposals of bidders. If the
lowest bidder fails to enter into the contract and
give the secuiity m the time specified, then the
contract is to be given to the next lowest bidder.
2. By open puichase.
In this case the Secietary had no inoie power
to enter into a contract with Swift than if the
advertisement of June 11, 1&58, had never been
issued. By the terms of that advertisement, one
half of (he timber was to be delivered on the 1st
of September, 1858, and the rest on or before the
1st day of February, 1859. It was not possible
to award the contracts originally advertised for
to any one. On the 23d day of September, when
the contract was entered into with Swift, it was
manifestly absurd and impossible to award a con-
tract to any one to deliver timber on the 1st day
of the same September. In every possible re-
spect, so far as Swift was concerned, the Secre-
tary was precisely in the same position, under
the law, on the 23d day of September, that he
would have been if no advertisement for propo-
sals had ever been issued. The Secretary alleges,
in his defense, that there were fears of a rupture
with Great Britain when the advertisement was
issued, but all those fears were completely dissi-
pated before the end of June; and in September,
when the contract was made, our relations with
Great Britain were certainly as harmonious as
they have ever been at any time within the his-
tory of the two Governments.
The allegation of want of timber in the yards
is equally as idle as the pretense of fears of Great
Britain. The testimony shows clearly that little
of this timber was required; perhaps none of it
was absolutely necessary for immediate use, and
the quantity actuallyused has been so small com-
pared with the amount purchased as to be worthy
of no consideration. In fact, the testimony of the
naval constructors at Norfolk and some other
yards, renders it probable that the timber pur-
chased from Swift is of small value to the Gov-
ernment; as, in case it should be used, an equal
quantity of timber already in the yards will be
suffered to decay.
Yet the Secretary, without notice to the next
bidder, and without advertisement, and without
such a necessity as would justify an open pur-
chase for such an amount as Swift had on hand,
entered into a contract with Swift for one hundred
and fifty thousand feet. This contract is dated
September 23, 1858; but was made as early as
September 16. On thatday,Mr. Lenthall wrote
to Grice, the lowest bidder, as follows:
Navy Department, Bureau of Construction, &c.,
September 16, 1858.
Sir : I am instructed by the Department to inform you
that, as you have not complied with the terms of your con-
tract for live-oak, a new one has been made wuh other
parties. Respectfully, vour ohdient «;etvanf,
JOHN LENTHALL, Chief of Bureau.
Samuel B. Gricu. Esq., Philadelphia.
The arrangement between Swift and Biglerwas
carried out. All their timber on hand at the dif-
ferent navy-yards that would pass inspection, has
been taken. It was the same that was on hand
when the advertisement was issued, and no other
has yet been delivered. The rejected timber of
Swift is still allowed to remain at the navy-yards.
The price paid is higher than Bigler offered his
timberto the Governmenton open purchase. The
only failure in Swift's plan is, that by the inter-
vening bids, the Government has saved $28,300.
On the 15th day of October, he, for the first
time, repudiated his written agreement with Piitt;
Plitt thereupon consulted the President. The re-
sult of this conference is thus stated by him:
" I did not want to involve the present Administration in
any difficulty, and,therefore, I asked the President whether
there would be any objection to my prosecuting Mr. Swift
in couit for tins claim. The President looked at the agree-
ment made in 1854s and said he could not see any objection
to it. He had, of course, no advice to give, and told me I
might do as i pleased about it."
At a recent interview of Plitt with the Secre-
tary, the latter remarked to him:
"Your friend Swift, I am afraid, has failed in delivering
one of his last contracts at the Pensacola yard, and if so, I
intend to annul it "
Swift also claims that, as his arrangement with
Bigler did not entirely succeed, Bigler should pay
him $1,000 for nameless expenditures in obtain-
ing the contract, and he testifies to an agreement
to this effect, which Bigler denies.
The undersigned have fully considered the
statement of the Secretary, of the date of Febru-
ary 14, 1859, that the contracts were made to
supply the pressing and immediate wants of the
Government, and have directed th&ir attention to
• that subject. The yards at which the Secretaiy
1 says the live-oak was mostneeded, were Norfolk,
{ Kittery, and Pensacola. The naval constructor
j at Norfolk testifies that they have used to this
time less than 1,000 feet of Swift's timber, and
that they have on hand over 500,000 feet. At
Kittery the wants of the Government were sup-
plied by open purchase from Bigler of about 3,000
feet. At Pensacola, Degraw had arranged with
the naval constructor for the few sticks needed
for immediate use, and for the balance as needed.
The Secretary expressly refused to make the pur-
chase an open purchase, for the reason that the
law would not justify it. He so stated to Swift,
Bigler, and Appleton.
In June, 1857, a greater necessity for timber
existed than when the contracts were awarded to
Swift, and yet the usual advertisement was then
issued. It is worthy of observation, moreover,
that at Pensacola, where the Secretary informs
us the wants of the service were most pressing,
Swift had no timber, and did not deliver it as soon
as the lowest bidders could have done.
brooklyn navy-yard.
Shortly after the organization of the present
Administration, the patronage of the New York
yard having been previously confined chiefiy to
a few of the congressional districts of New York,
an understanding was entered into between the
Democratic members from New York, with the
acquiescence of the Secretary of the Navy, that
it should, as nearly as practicable, be equally di-
vided among them. In some cases the Secretary
created new places of master workmen. The cor-
respondence-of these members with the Depart-
ment is herewith reported, and exhibits on its
face the evil effects of the system.
The division of patronage among members was
well known in the yard. Each master workman
understood to whom he and each of his fellows
owed their places. Thus the constructive en-
gineer, the master plumber, and the master
block-maker, represented Mr. Sickles; the mas-
ter painter represented Mr. Searing; the master
spar-maker, master blacksmith, and timber in-
spector represented Mr. Maclay; the master la-
borer, under the constructing engineer, the mas-
ter boat-builder, and the master ship-carpenter,
represented Mr. Taylor; the master calker rep-
resented Mr. Cochrane; and the master stone-
cutter represented Mr. Ward. Until May, 1858,
the master laborer, under the constructing engi-
neer, represented Mr. Clark, and the master car-
penter represented Mr. Haskin, and so with all
the heads of the departments of labor in the yard
at Brooklyn.
Lawrence Cohane .was appointed master car-
penter, upon the nomination of Mr. Haskin, m
the general division of patronage. He was re-
moved on the 9th of June, 1858, on account of
Mr. Haskin's course upon the Lecompton con-
stitution, as he says. Alexander Ward was ap-
pointed in October, 1857, for Mr. Clark; and in
May, 1858, after Mr. Clark had taken position
upon the Kansas question, he resigned. He states
that he wanted to use his influence for the renom-
ination of Mr. Clark; and he knew that if he did
so, and still remained in the yard, he would sub-
ject himself to being removed. Rather than that,
he preferred to leave himself. These places were
then given to Mr. Taylor.
Each master workman selected all the work-
men under him, and upon his requisition the num-
ber was increased or diminished, he naming those
to be selected or discharged.
This system, added to the abuses previously
existing, has reduced the navy-yard to a mere
political machine, where idleness, theft, insub-
ordination, fraud, and gross neglect of duty, pre-
vailed to an alarming degree. Members of Con-
gress, officers of the yard, both naval and civil,
master-workmen, contractors,and laborers, have
all testified to many abuses.
Hon. John Cochrane testifies that the tendency
of " the distribution of patronage by members
was very deleterious upon the purity of elections;
injurious to the workmen, in that it teaches la-
borers and mechanics to look to political influ-
ence for sustenance and support; injurious to the
member of Congress; that he himself had been
besieged—beset by hundreds of claimants at his
house and m his office, until now, having been
driven from his office, lie was in doubt whether
he should return to New York." And Hon. H.
P. Clark, in reference to the same subject, makes
the. following statement:
" My attention was fint attracted to the subject by re-
ceiving a very great mimher of applications from mechanics
and laboiers in my district for my interference to procure
for them places in the navy-yatd. To such an extent was
this demand, that it became onerous, indeed offensive. My
house was mil down. I was addressed in the street upon
