1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess. Reports of Select Committee on Naval Contracts and Expenditures.
Ho. ofReps.
the subject. When in the lower part of the city on busi-
ness, I would be puisued. And X really could find no rest
by reason of the great number of such applications."
**********
" Another class of applications was from men who de-
sired to have procured for them the&tuation of quartermen
in the navy-yard, at $2 50 per day. Another class was from
men who desired to have procured for them the situation
of masters in the navy-yard. And, between them all, I
found that more was required of a member of Congress than
I had imagined. It appeared to me that I was expected to
find places for the unemployed, and there were too many of
that class m iMew York to render it possible that I should
voluntarily undertake that business.
"This whole system t^nds, in the first place, to the de-
moralization of the laboring classes, to their serious detri-
ment, and, in my judgment, to the degradation, personal
and political, of members of Congress."
The incidents and details of these abuses arc
shown by the testimony, and the very volumin-
ous correspondence of the Department, with Com-
mander Rootes and Mr. Graham, the construct-
ing engineer. Most of the members of Congress
went to the yard during the hours of work to look
after their interests. Each was anxious to have
his friends in the yard, and most of them in per-
son frequently pressed these applications. They
had controversies with each other, with the offi-
cers of the yard, an^ with the master-workmen,
about the division of patronage. Several Cases of
this kind are testified to by the master workmen,
and are shown by the correspondence. Pressed
by laborers begging for work as a reward for par-
tisan services, members sent them to their master
workmen, in some cases to others, with letters of
recommendation, in many cases without proper
inquiry as to their fitness or ability to do work.
The master workmen, themselves appointed for
partisan services, often yielded. In some cases,
when they refused, threats of their own removal
were sent to them; and when compelled to choose,
in some cases they preferred packing the yard
with idle and unskillful workmen or laborers to
risking their own places. In one case, Hon. John
Cochrane, believing that Lawrence Cohane, the
master carpenter, did not fairly divide the patron-
age in his department, wrote Cohane. thus:
New York, June 13,1857.
Mr. Cohane: Mr. Cullen tells me that you are to take
men on on Tuesday; now, I a&k you to take him on, and
the others I have asked yon to take on. 1 will havp iny
proportion of men undrryou; if you do not give them, I
will lodge charges asani^t you. You have turned away ail
the men but one from my district already. Of this I have
complained to the Secretary; and now, unless you rectify
this injustice, I will make application that you be turned
out. The bearer will bring me an answer.
Yoursi, &c., JOHN COCHRANE.
Mr. Cochrane's letters, of a similar character,
to the master blacksmith, are herewith reported.
In another case, Lewis W. Berry, the master
painter, discharged a man for habitual drunken-
ness, who had been appointed upon the recom-
mendation of Hon. John Kelly. Mr. Kelly re-
quested that the man be taken on again. Berry
thus describes what took place at that interview:
" I told Mr. Kelly I could not employ any such man as
he was ; that he had disgraced himself, and was a disgrace
to my department. Mr. Kelly said he could not help that,
but that the man must go to work again. I told him I could
not employ him again. Said he,1 you must set it down as
a fact that I will have you removed if 1 can, if you do uot
put that man on again.' "
"Within two or three months Berry was re-
moved. When asked if he had been removed for
this cause, he said:
" I cannot say of my own knowledge ; I only know what
was said I suppose he was a« good as his word, as he«aid
lie would get me turned out. When I came on to Wash-
ington afterwards, I thanked him for being as good as Ins
woid."
Mr. Kelly testifies that he did not know that this
man was a drunkard, and always had regarded
him as a sober man. He said he applied for Mr.
Berry's removal, but he did not think he was
turned out upon that application, as it was nearly
three months before he was removed. William
Turner, the successor of Mr. Berry, was ap-
pointed for Mr. Searing. An immediate contro-
versy arose between him and Hon. George Tay-
lor about the division of his patronage. The fol-
lowing letters were produced by Mr. Berry from
Mr. Taylor to illustrate the control of members
of Congress over master workmen.
Washington City, March 23,1858.
Captain Turner : You will much oblige me by retaining
Mr. Fitzgerald as foreman. This is the understanding be-
tween Mr. bearing and my elf, and I may add, the Seete-
tary of the Navy. You will also oblige me by appointing
Mr. Tenrrey,of the Twelfth ward, when m your power to
do so. As a general thing, Hugh McLaughlon. master la-
borer, knows who my friends arej and he will confer with
you at all times.
-Yours, respectfully, GEORGE TAYLOR.
House of Representatives. April 7,1858. .
Dear Sir : I understood that, as a pari of the arrange-
ment before your appointment, you were to retain Mr. Fitz-
gerald as your foreman. You promised to do so, and that
is Mr. Searing's understanding. I am now informed that
you m-tend to dismiss him and appoint someone in his place
from New York. This is not nghtrand you ought not to
think of it, if you do. I trust that the original understand-
ing will be carried out. I have just conversed with Mr.
Searing, and this is his view of the matter, and it was the
Secretary's view when you were appointed. In your turn
you will, of course, do the best to equalize matters among
the various members-.
Yours, respectfully, GEORGE TAYLOR.
I have just shown this letter to Mr. Searing.
William Turner, Esq., Master Painter.
Washington City, April 13, 1858.
Sir: Your favor has been received. I will be much
obliged for a list of the men under you, when 1 will write
to indicate those I am especially interested in. I wantonly
a fan proportion of the men.
In reference to Mr. Fitzgerald, it was expressly under-
stood between Mr. Searing and myself that Fitzgerald
should remain, and you promised this yourself. 1 do not
know what Mr. Kelly has to do with this matter, but 1 shall
be pleaded to see him gratified so far.asit is proper; hut I can-
not and will not submit to Mr. Fitzgerald's dismissal ; and
now I give yon notice that if you do remove him, I will do
what I can to correct it, and if you suffer you must not
blame me. I desire to sustain you, and tomakeyoui posi-
tion pleasant; this I desire on your account, as well as in
respect to Mi. Searing ; hut, sir, I will not stand byaud see
my friends struck down by you or any other master.
Yours respectfully, GEO. TAYLOR.
William Turner, Esq.
The testimony clearly shows that, through the
master workmen, nearly all the workmen in the
yard were selected by members of Congress, and
mostly on account of political services. One of
the master workmen testifies that when unfit men
were pressed upon him by membersof Congress,
he reported it to the naval constructor, Mr. De-
lano, and the reply was, " he was sorry for me,
but he could not help it." He informed Captain
Rootes, who said " he saw it, but could not help
it." 'It was reported in-the yard, and the report
was acted upon, that it was the order of the Sec-
retary that the patronage of the different depart-
ments was to be divided and distributed among
the members of Congress.
That this report was well founded, the follow-
ing correspondence will show.
Nfcvv York, July 27,1858.
My dear Sir: I have applied to Mr. Fraganza, master
joiner of the navy-yard, to give employment to a few men.
good workmen and worthy persons, m my distuot. Although
he has one bundled and twenty men or thereabouts in bra
shop, he has not done so.
I have only sent one letter of recommendation to him,
but no attention has been paid to it, beyond the answer
that when he put an additional number of men to work he
would then see what he could do.
I appeal to you to vindicate my district from this unjust
and partial discnmination.
Mr. Fraganza admits he has not one man in his shop from
my district.
If f have not misunderstood your views, it is your wish
that the masters should select from the. different districts
adjacent to the yard, in equal proportions, upon the recom-
mendation of members, the workmen employed in the
shops, &c.
Truly yours, 1J. E. SICKLES.
Hon. Isaac Toitcey, Secretary of the Nary, Washington.
Navy Department, August 2, 1858.
Sir: The Department has addressed the commandant of
the navy-yard at New York, on the subject of your letter
of the 27th ultimo.
Very respectfully, your obedient seivant,
ISAAC TOUCEY.
Hon. Daniel E. Sickles, New York.
Navy Department. July 30. 1858.
Sir: The Hon. Mr. Sickles has complained to the De-
partment that an unequal and unjust course is pursued to-
wards his district by Mr. Fraganza, the master joiner, who,
though he has about one bundled and thirty men under him,
has not employed a single person fiom hisdistuct, although
Mr. Sickles has made only one recommendation.
The Department desires that a fair and liberal course be
pursued towuids Mr. Sickles's district, and wishes you to
inquire into and report upon tins matter.
I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,
ISAAC TOUCEY.
.Commodore L. Kearny,
Commandant Navy-Yard^ New York.
Navy-Yard, New York, August 5, 1858.
Sir: On receipt of the Department's letter of the 30th
ultimo, Mr. Fiaganza, the mastcr-jomer of the yard, was
called on for an explanation m regard to the complaint made
by the Hon.Mr. Sickles.. Mr. Fraganza'siette^in^e&wer
to tbe subject is herewith respectfi|il^,sybmitted. " . *'
The Department letter of the same wjtb refgrence
to the selection of their for^iftan by tbe-waster- wor&tsien,
was also received, and on the recommendation ofMr^jl^-
nedy, the master stone cutter, I sancjloned the misgjpff a
foreman, named by him, and; die disch^rge of the pqpon
who had previously iield tfrat position. , -
Believingthat I have carried oat the intentions of^be
Department's order, I would like to -be infortned if-the
course pursued in this instance meets its approval." .
I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully;your obe-
dient servant, L. KEARNY, £ommandanl*
Hon. Isaac Toucey, Secretary of the Navy.
This is certainly very extraordinary business
on which to detail an officer of the highest rank
known in the Navy of the United, States.
The natural result, followed: many .of therw
employed were of an inferior class of men. With
rare exceptions good workmen would'not humble
themselves to seek from a politician a jbb of wtfrk
when they can get it elsewhere. A master work-
man testified that the poorest workmen were
pressed upon him with the most pertinacity. Ro-
meo Fraganza,oneof the master workmen, writes
the Department under rate of August 5, 1858:
" In eight congressional districts who claim the patron-
age of the yard, m nine cases out of ten Hie men who are
most stienuously recommended are very indifferent'bands,
many of whom cannot obtain employment from priva^f em-
ployers." ,
Men from the laborers* gang, who know noth-
ing about painting, were ranked as first-class
painters, (Fitzgerald,) others as blacksmiths,
&c.; and so on in the different departments. La-
borers were employed to act as clerks and to
work as carpenters.
Worthless persons, old men, physically unable
to work, " primaries," &c., were sent, by mem-
bersof Congress to master workmen, often rrierely
to get rid of their importunities, and the.y were-
taken into the several departments, until their un-
fitness was palpable, and even then m some cases
partisan servicesoutweighed-public interest. The
only department in which the commandant of the
yard had a right to appoint the men was the rig-
gers'and the sail makers'department, usually Sail-
ors working under warrant officers of the Navy.
Commander Rootes was applied to by members
of Congress to put certain men even *in their
places, and in some instances he complied.
A system of appointment so vicious could not
but produce disastrous results. Master workmen
neglected their duty. The master of laborers
testified that some time after his appointment he
continued his business as tin smith, two miles
from the yard, and attended in the yaid about
two hours a day. Many of these master work-
men transferred to clerks and quartermen duties
they should have performed themselves. A gen-
eral concurrence of many witnesses conclusively
proves that the work done by a laborer in the
yard did not exceed two thirds of that done for
private individuals.
How far, or whether employments were sold in
the yard, ynnr committee have not been able to
ascertain. Master workmen testify that offers of
money were frequently made to them for employ-
ment, but they refused,and direct bribery of that
kind could hardly be practiced without exposure.
The same offense, however, was repeatedly com-
mitted in another way. The master workmen
received presents, oril testimonials".as they weie
called, from the workmen. This practice was
common; watches, diamond breastpins, and the
like, are the usual gratuities. They were paid for
by contributions levied upon the men under them,
nominally as voluntary gifts, but really under the
fear of removal. The master painter, when ap-
pointed, was asked by Captain Rootes if he knew
his duty?
" He said it was to set a good example to the men and
keep them at their duty. 'Further,' said he, 'Captain Rootes,
there aie not three men in the yard who do the duty of one,'
alluding, as I supposed, to the painters. I'said to bun: 'That
is Hie opinion of moie than yourself, and I am glad to hear
you say what you do } I hope when you come in here you
will set them a good example.' Yet, within two or thiee
weeks alter that, my attention was drawn by some person
saying that this same master workman was receivingagold
watch from the men in his employ."
This watch cost the laborers $175, all of which
was paid by the working men in the painter's
department.
The foreman of the shop testifies as follows:
"A young man by tbe name of Leighton, in the office,
