1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
941
under contract. I desire to gay that I concurred
most fully with my colleague in thatamendment,
and that my motion did not apply to his amend-
ment, nor was it made until after his amendment
was ruled out of oider. Itwas intended to apply,
as it did apply, to the motion of th6 gentleman
from Maryland.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is mistaken in supposing there is any error
in the Journal.
That portion of the Journal was again read.
Mr. HOUSTON. Then the Journal shows
nothing of the amendment proposed by my col-
league, which was ruled out of order.
The SPEAKER. Nothing at all.
NAVIGATION OF RED RIVER OF THE NORTH.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to present a. memorial of
the citizens of Minnesota and of the Chamber of
Commerce of the city of St. Paul, inclosinga re-
porton steamboat navigation on the Red River of
the North, &c.; and i move that it be referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
There was no objection.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 1 call for the read-
ing of the memorial.
The memorial was read; and. is as follows:
Steamboat navigation on the Red River of the Noith—
Memonal of Citizens of Minnesota and the Chamber of
Commeice of the city of Saint Paul, inclosing a teport
upon steamboat navigation on the Red Itiver of the Noith,
&e , as inducements ior the establishment by Oon<rtes<?of
a semi-weekly mail service ftom Minnesota to the Pacific
ocean.
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the United
States of J:Imcvicain Convrew assembled •
The undersigned, having been appointed at a public meet-
ing of the citizens of M'nnesota a committee to cooperate
with the Chamber of Commeice of Sawn Paul, in advanc-
ing the measure of a seim-weekly mail from some point
central to the northern lakes to Puget Sound, dome to call
the attention of Confess to the system of navigable sti earns
and the legions connected therewith, which are adjacent to
the proposed mail toute in noithem Minnesota ami British
terrttoiy noitli ot the international boundary.
These facts arc developed in the lepoi t of a committee of
the St. Paul Chamber of Commeice, which is annexed and
made part of this memorial.
It was read to a large a-semhiy of citizen^ convened for
the purpose of encouraging steamboat navigation on the
ited River of the Noith, 'unanimously adopted by the meet-
ing, and directed to be published.
We hope it may be not without influence in demon-
strating to Congiess that the northwestern areas now
unoccupied, <. xcept by lur traders, are yet to bear so prom-
inent a pan ni the ptogie^s of the continent that the estab-
lishment of a communication between Lake Superior and ;
Paget Sound, over Amencan terntory. can be no longer j
postponed without compioimse ot the national honor and \
mteiests. !
We notice the prominence of the Pacific railway b>!l in |
Congress. If that measure pievaih, no one doubt? that its !
route will be below latitude 40°. Give, however, to the |
people o! the northwest an expi-nihtuie of ^000,000 annu- j
til]v, lor a semi-weekly mail stfiviee timn Mume-nta to the i
Pacific, on or near latitude 47% with the extinction of !
Indian title along its line, and we shall neither feel or ex- ;
press dissatisfaction. ]
It so moderate a request is denied or postponed, the tin- j
designed iefer to the internal evidence in the annexed i
report, that Gi eat Britain has an immediate and an imp^inil
interest in opening a great emigration and mail route north j
of 49°; nor will the English Cabinet be slow or inefficient !
in adopting whatever measures may be necessary to e?.tab- .
hsh such a communication. j
As Amencan citizens, we desire such ni^asuies to be '
initiated at Washington; but, as citizens of Minnesota, I
indeed, as citizens of the wotJd, we shall rejoice at their ;
consummation under any auspiccs. ;
JAMHS W. TAYLOR, !
ALEXANDER RAMSEY, !
GEORGE L. BECKER,
JOHN S. I'llfNCE, ;
J. W. BASS, |
D. A. ROBERTSON',*
GEItAIT HEWITT.
Mr. WILSON. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. ENGLISH. I desire to give notice that
I will on Monday next, if I obtain the floor, ask ,
leave to introduce the general post-route bill. In !
the mean time the bill will be on my desk, sub- j
ject to the examination of members. j
Mr. CAVANAUGH. This paper which I have _
presented, contains information in regard to the '
Northwest which is not known to five gentlemen \
on this floor. I move that it may be printed for 1
information; and I now ask that it may be read, j
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Let it be printed. ,
The SPEAKER. It will occupy an hour in j
reading it. I
Mr. STEPHENS, of .Georgia, I call for the :
regular order of business. ^ !
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the House is ,
to vote on the motion to print, I ask for the read-
ing of the paper.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to the
reception of the memorial.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that the objection to the reception of the memo-
rial comes too late. If objection is made to the
reading of the paper, the Chair will put the ques-
tion whether the paper shall be read.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I object to the
reading.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Can the House
compcl amember to vote upon a paper which has
not been read ?
The SPEAKEit. The Chair is of opinion that
it can. Suppose, for instance, the Patent Office
report is'presented here, and, upon the motion to
print, a gentleman calls for the reading of the doc-
ument. It would take two weeks to read the
paper, and the Chair is of opinion that the lules
of the House cannot require that the time of the
House shall be taken up for two weeks upon the
mere requirement of amember that the Patent Of-
fice report shall be read. The Chair thinks the
majority of the House have the right to decide in
such a case, whether the paper shall be read or
not.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I had always sup-
posed that a member had the right to know what
he was voting on, and that he could not. be called
upon to vote for the printing of a paper when he
did not know what it was. If the Chair decides
that this report can be printed without having
been read, if the reading is demanded by any
member, I appeal from the decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ten-
nessee calls for the reading of the memorial. The
gentleman from Geoigia objects to the reading.
The Chair decides, under the Manual, that when
the reading of a paper is called for, and any mom-
berobjects, the question shall he put to the House,
whether the papei shall be read. From that de-
cision the gentleman from Tennessee takes an
appeal, and the question is, "Shall the decision of
the Chair stand as the judgment of the House ?"
Mr. DEAN. I move to lay the appeal on the
table.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOPKINS/ I call for the reading of the
57th rule.
The 57th rule was read, as follows:
4^When the jeadm^of a paperis called for, and the same
i«s objected to by any m-emoer, it shall bo determined by a
vote of the IJoii-.c.,>
The motion to lay the appeal on the table was
agieed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to lay the
memorial on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. If it is in order, I will
state to the House 
The SPEAKER. The motion to lay on the
table is not debatable.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I demand the pre-
vious question on the motion to refer and print.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to print. I want to see whether the
policy of printing memorials is to be inaugurated
here.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call for tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HOUSTON. Can we have a separate vote
upon the motion to print?  
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the gen-
tleman has a riffht to call for a separate vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for a separate vote
upon that motion.
Mr. LETCHER. I have no objection what-
ever to the motion to refer the memorial. "What
I object to, is the motion to print.
The memorial was referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I am not disposed to
encroach upon the House, or to retard the public
business. I will therefore withdraw the motion
to print, believing that more would be lost in the
time spent on the motion than would be gained
by printing the memorial.
QUIETING POSSESSIONS, ETC.
Mr. GOODE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for quieting possessions, confirming
the estate of purchasers, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by Mr.
Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a joint resolu-
tion (No. 77) authorizing the marshal of the Uni-
ted States for the district of South Carolina to
lease a certain building; and
An act (No. 333) to establish an additional
land district in the State of Minnesota; in which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the Senate agreed to the conference
requested by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 210)
for the benefit of the captors of the British brig
Caledonia, in the war of 1812; and had appointed
Messrs Bell, Toombs, and Clay, managers of
the conference on the part of the Senate.
PERRY M'D. COLLINS.
Mr. CLAY. I ask thft unanimous consent of
the House to report a joint resolution from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, merely for the pur-
pose of having it referred to a Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar. I will
state that I was not in my scat when the Cora-
: mittec on Foreign Affairs was called yesterday.
The title of the joint resolution was read, as
follows:
Joint resolution for the relief of Perry McD.
Collins, United States commercial agent at Amour
river, m Russia i/i Asia.
Mr. HARLAN objected.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
The House then resumed the consideration of
i the report of the Committee of Elections on the
1 Nebraska contested-election case, in which Mr.
| Gilmer was entitled to the floor,
i Mr. STANTON. I ask the gentleman from
North Carolina to permit me, before he makes
his remarks, to submit an amendment to the res-
olution reported by the majority of the commit-
tee, to insert the word " not:"so that it will read
that the contestant is not entitled to the seat.
Mr. GILMER. The gentleman has one amend-
ment pending already.
Mr. STANTON. I only want the proposition
before the House, so that members may have an
opportunity to vote on it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can accom-
plish his purpose in another way. If the House
be of the opinion that neither the resolution of
the majority nor that of the minority should pass,
then, when they shall have been voted down, it
will be competent to reconsider and to offer an
amendment declaring the seat vacant.
Mr. GILMER, i yield to the gentleman to
offer his amendment.
The amendment was offered as indicated.
l\Ir. GILA1 Eft. Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to
make any speech on this subject. I'commenced
this investigation as one of the Committee of
Elections. I did so with a prejudice m favor of
the sitting Delegate. The sitting Delegate and the
contestant were both strangers to me, and they
were both of an opposite political creed. I have
examined the testimony, without regard to the
parties concerned. I have endeavoied to come
to a conclusion upon the testimony alone. And,
sir, no candid man, who has examined the testi-
mony in the ease, can satisfy his own mind that
there" should be any other result than that em-
bodied in the resolution reported by the majority
of the Committee of Elections.
Before I go further, I want to say a word in re-
ply to the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Wash-
bubx,] who, with great deference, I submit, has
gone off in his argument very much as he signed
the icport drawn up by the gentleman from South
Carolina, [Mr. Boycl.] He has argued that the
majority of the committee came to their conclu-
sion upon ex parte testimony, hearsay testimony.
The gentleman cannot have read the testimony
on file and which has been printed. The facts of
the case are gathered from the printed testimony
in the possession of every member, and not from
