942
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
what may be said by any gentleman of the com-
mittee. And pray, sir, what ore the facts dis-
closed by the testimony ? It is not denied that the
notice was served according to the act of 1851.
Ferguson had loft the Territory, it is said; but
Chapman, nevertheless, gave notice according to
the law of 1851. He left the notice at the dwell-
ing-house of Judge Ferguson; left it with the
judge's own agent, his attorney, who was then
living there.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I ask the gen-
tleman where he finds it, in the evidence, that the
notice was left at the dwelling-house of Judge Fer-
guson; and where, too, he finds the evidence that
the man in possession of the house where the no- j
tice wasleft, was Judge Ferguson's agent or at- j
torney ? j
Mr. GILMER. I will explain that before I get j
through. t
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. It was before j
the committee, in the affidavit of the sitting Del- i
egate', and was not controverted by the contest-
ant, as I understand, that Judge Ferguson had
rented his house to a man by the name of Strick-
land, and that this man Stiickland was not his j
agent or attorney to an extent whatever. j
Mr. GILMER. If my friend will be patient, i
I will explain all that. The printed testimony i
will explain all that. There is no room' lefr tor j
controversy. Is it insisted here that a candidate, j
as soon as he gets the certificate of election as a !
Delegate from a Territory, can rent his house, S
leave the Teiritory, go to Washington or New i
York, and that the man who is really entitled to i
his seat can have no means of taking testimony f j
The act of Congress has provided for such a ,
case as that, and the contestant took his testi-
mony according to that act. Notice was left in ■
the very house m which the judge lived. It was ^
loft with the man who lived in that house, and '
who, it is alleged, was his agent. Judge Fer-
guson, according to the testimony, had every j
reason to believe that his seat would be contested,
before he left the Territory. It is stated that he
had reported that such would be the case. That
was before any notice was given or proceedings
taken, for the procurement of testimony. He i
knew, or ought to have known, that tins tesu- '
mony was being taken when lie was in New -
Yoik; and the committee, in order that there j I
might be entire fair play, came before the House jl
and asked that Judge Ferguson should have 11
leave to toke testimony, if i heie wms any irreg- j
ularity,any fraud, any unfairness whatever, ni i
giving notice, lie might then cross-examine the ,
witnesses, and show where it was. I
The gentleman from Maine is entirely mistaken. !
It was not agreed by the committee to give that |
addiiionaltimcforthetakingottestimony,morder J
that the contestant mignt amend his testimony, or 1
supply any deficiencies in it. Such is not the ;
case. No member of the committee denied that, j
according to the strict letterof the law, the notice ,
was lightly given, and that the depositions were (
not taken 111 conformity with ihe law. Inasmuch :
as the sitting member complained, we agreed, m
kindness to him, to extend the time for taking':
testimony. He might have taken other testimony, , j
if he saw proper. That is the whole history of . j
this matter. The sitting Delegate does not pre- i
tend that the ^testimony filed by the contestant, !
when the case was first referred, was wrong m |
any particular. He did not claim that there was 1
any irregularity or fraud or untair practice—none :
at all. And yet, that is what the gentleman from :
Maine calls cx parte testimony. The strongest;
testimony, perhaps, m this case might be. saio to :
he ex parte; but when you come to consider it, :
} ou find that it is only received here by way of ■
unohoiation. The testimon> of Reck and Nich-
ols ;>hows that they were famiiiarwith the resi- '
dents of the Cleveland and Monroe precincts, and '
That they ouirht to know what They speak afcoat. '
Tiiey sv. ear that at th«.se two precincts theie were j
not. niiiderit one tenth ats many voters as were 1
pulled tin rc on the 3d of August. Mr, Nichols
says, in audition to y/hat lie knew, that he Uav- i
tied over this countiy; that he saw every house
nt it; a.id made iorpin tes as he went aloiv; and«
by way of corroboration of what he stated him- .
.sea1, that he took the affidavits of six or eight men
in regard to those frauds at Cleveland and Mon- 1
100. !
Here, mark you, are two witnesses, Reck and ,
Nichols, who ought to know, if anybody does,
all about the facts; and according to their testi- _
mony, the majority of the committee have allowed '
to the sitting Delegate more votes actually than
he w'as fairly and .honestly entitled to. Reck and
Nichols are intelligent men, residents of the Ter-
ritory; and their testimony is corroborated by
other witnesses.
HowisthecaseastotheFlorenceprecinct?More
votes were polled there than there were voters in
the precinct before or since. The voters recorded
cannot be found in the precinct. If the sitting
Delegate believed that the allegations of the con-
testant were untrue, why did he not present the
poll-list to some of the oldest and most intelligent
settlers there and ask them to look over it, and
see whether the names on it were the names of
actual residents and voters? He did not do that,
as he might have done and as he ought to have
done; but he gets these judges to say that they
thought it all fair—that, to be sure, there was a
good deal of voting done after night; but that they
rather think, after all, that theie were noc more
thafi fifteen votes cast after six o'clock. The tes-
timony even on the part of the sitting Delegate is,
that just before six o'clock, these very judges said *
there were only two hundred and seventy-one
votes cast—that the polls w^re kept open till eight
or nine o'clock, and that there were runners going
around bringing men from the hay-fields to vote.
At the election that was held shortly afterwards,
there was not one third of the number of votes
cast. Was it not then, I repeat, the duty of the
sitting Delegate to get some of the old settlers to
examine the names on the poll-list, and see how
many were, and how many were not, actual set-
tlers entitled to vote there?
If the judges of election should,by mistake, or
even by design, and for an honest purpose, keep
the polls open after the hour fixed for their hemg
closed, so as to allow honest votes to he cast, I
would not comp'ain of them for doing so. But
when it is admitted that the poll-books were kept
open long after the time when the law required
them to he closed; and when it is left entirely in
doubt how many votes were cast aftei wards and
for whom; and when it is shown that one man
voted four times, I am not inclined to overlook
that wronj?, oi to allow the vote of the precinct
to be countcd. *Chapman's witness swears that
he saw a voter change his clothing; and thnt by
that means; he got Ins vote m four times. What
dul he change his dress for, if not for that purpose?
And, mark }tou, when you come to one precinct
m which four hundred votes were given, and yo^
have positive evidence that there were not one
third the number of voters recorded in the pre-
cinct; and further, when it is clearly contrived to
have continued the voting into the night, it can-
not fnirly be insisted that it was an honest effort
to afford honest people a right to vote. Sir, in
this evidence are disclosed circumstances indicat-
ing so much fraud, that,under the rules on which
this House has heretofore acted, the vote of the
whole piccmct should be excluded. If that be
so, even more than thirty-four votes should be
t.ikon out of the majority claimed by the sitting
Delegate.
Bui the gentleman from Maine hasargued, and
that, is the whole tenor of the argument on ins
side, that it is absolutely necessary to set the
whole precinct aside. Now, let me evil the atten-
tion ot the House to thu.t. . Vou will bear in mind
that m regard to leaving out the fifteen votes, all
hands ogroe to that. As to adding the fi\e more
votes to Judge Ferguson's poll, ail hands agree
to rh.it. As to the necessity of fchrow.ag out the
votes of Weller and Twist, all hands agiee to
that. I have. I believe there is no dispute as to
four votes for Chapman thrown out at Bellevue.
This would reduce Ferguson's >rity to thirty.
1 will not attempt to trammel the (pac-simn Oy
any inquiry as to whether the or.Iceis who held
the election were sworn by a justice of the peace
or by a nuta; y public. 1 wdl not eucumbei the
rccoid by ony argument m leftrence to the views
of the gentleioan from Maine [Mr. Washburn]
upon any ether confcstod-elecuon case, it has
nothing to do with the case of Chapman vs. Fer-
guson. If I should go into such an argument,
however, I should evince quite as much fairness
as the gentleman did m his argument, by the ref-
erence he made to the views of the gentleman
from Indiana. [Mr. Wilson,] upon a former ©eca-
sion, and nearly all his argument consisted in
comments upon the views of the gentleman from
Indiana, upon a former occasion; and when the
matter of the vote of Weller came up, he acknowl-
edged that he had not read the report which he
signed. In fact, I think the gentleman from
Maine has made his whole argument without
having ever given to the subjeefmueh attention,
by way of investigating the real testimony in this
case; just about the same as he did of the report
of the minority, which he signed, without ever
having read it or knowing what was in it.
But, then, in order that the House may fully
understand the facts of the case, take the vote,
without throwing out the precinct of Cleveland,
the precinct of Monroe, and the district of Flor-
ence, excepting fifteen, and then our friends come
to the conclusion that the sitting Delegate was
elected by thirty-four votes. Why, sir, no man
can examine the testimony in this book, without
coming to the conclusion that the sitting Delegate
received in the Florence district alone, more than
twice thirty-four illegal votes. But, leaving in all
the votes m the Florence disliict, except fifteen,
and what do you find in the Cleveland and Mon-
roe prccincts? And I nray you how many votes
were cast here? Thirty-five and eighty-seven;
more than one hundred and twenty votes in all.
More than one hundred and twenty votes were
cast in these two precincts; and we have the tes-
timony of those who are acquainted with every
part of the county, that not more than one third
of the votes recorded as polled there, could have
been legally polled. Our friends on the other
side do nofcand cannot fairly pretend to sayjthat
there were thirty men entitled to vote in the Cleve-
land precinct, or eighty-seven voters in the Mon-
roe precinct. Then, it you take from the aggre-
gate of one hundred anct twenty votes cast in those
two precincts more than thirty-five voles, the
contestant's claim to a seat here is established.
But the gentleman from Maine says if you throw
out these votes, you must throw out the votes of
the whole precinct. Why, sir, if the gentleman
had adopted thaf rule, why did he throw out the
votes of Oliver Twist and Samuel Weller ' For,
according to the testimony we have here, Oliver
Twist and Samuel Weller hod as much right to
vote there as any of the others which we say
must be thrown out, for these two votes are as
properly included in the poll-list as any of those
which we have thrown out, for they are all ficti-
tious names.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not un-
derstand the gentleman from North Carolina to
argue, that the fact that the names of Oliver
Twist and Samuel Weller are on the poll-book,
is evidtnee ot such fraud that the whole poll
should be thrown out? If, then,it is notevidence
that should exclude the whole poll, it is only evi-
dence that those two names should not be countcd;
and I presume that that is the amount of the re-
port.
Mr. GILMER. The gentleman made that
identical argument yesterday.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The report of
the majouty of the committee that forty-seven of
these votes should be admitted, is evidence con-
clusive that there was no fraud here; and if there
was no f.v.ud, why should you destroy the whole
poll? That was the argument of the gentleman
from South Carolina in his report. If those two
votes ate tlnown our, it does not change the re-
sult. Knowing that my fnr-nd from South Car-
olina a^ieed with me in substance, and having
entire confidence in hmi and his statement of the
c;ise, I L"i:ned ihe leport Without reading it.
Mr (JiLMER. Whnt is all that talk about?
It is olIv a repetition of what the gentleman
stated yeJtcrday —and I presume those who heard
him tnen /e/nomber what he said—end there
was no necessity for repeating it to-day, under
the );1lm of collection. Now, theiv is so touch
fraud palpable in relation to this whole trans-
action, that the poll might be &rt aside. But we
look to the proof in this case io see how the re-
sult would likely have b-;en if the vote had been
fair. That is what we did. Yet the gentleman
comes here and talks of er parte testimony, hear-
say testimony, this little thing, and that little
thing, and so on. We have taken all the proof in
the case, and made our deductions as favorable
as we could to the sitting member. 1 will not re-
peat over all tl e testimony of the various wit-
