322
APPENDIX *T0 THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 28,
35th Cong....2d Sess. Report on the Official Conduct and Accounts of William Cullom.
Ho. of Reps.
should be procured through his agency. He tes-
tifies that Mr. Jones did get work for them from 1
the Government in 1855, in the repair of the Min-
nesota, the amount of which was §3,109 48, and ,
that this sura was paid to the forge company by i
the Government. It also appears, from the books ;
of the company, that the forge company did work j-
for the Government in 185G, in the items amount- j
ing to $6,481 16, and for'contracts under the Gov- :
ernmcnt for a large amount. Mr. Bertolet con- i
tinued in offiee but one year, and was succeeded
by Charles McClenigaa, who is now in Rio Ja- i
neiro. !
Peter McLaughlin became secretary on the
20th of September, 1858. The company failed
about three months afterwards. During all this ,
time the forge did a large amount of work for the •
Government and its contractors. Mr. McCleni- j
gan writes to the creditors of the company, under ;
date of November 25, 1857: i
" Our prospects for the future are very flattering, as we j
have at this time positively scrured the forgmg for three of j
the United States sloops, and a very fair chance for the
forging for the remaining two ; al*o the Government work,
which we at present are looking after."
The agency of Mr. Jones was known gener-
ally. At New York it was supposed to be an
ownership of the forge. Mr. Bartol, a partner or
agent of the firm of Merrick & Sons, Philadel-
phia, writes, under date of July 24, 1853, to the
superintendent of the forge:
<i Colonel Florence, who is just from Washington, says
it is a settled fact that two of the new sloops; are 10 be built
here."
After suggesting that the forge bid for the ma-
chinery of one of them, he inquires, " will Mr.
Jones support your proposition so as to get the
job?" The reply of the treasurer in due time ■
declines the offer, and says: " Mr. Jones is also S
of opinion that it might seriously affect the in-
terest of the forge company."
No account was opened with Mr. Jones in the
ledger of the Reading Foige. The check book of
the company was not before your committee.
How much he received for Ins services, how
much is due to him on his contract, it is impos-
sible to tell. In the expense account, items of
money paid to Mr. Jones at various periods were
found as follows:
" October 2, 1834. Office expenses debtor to the Fann-
ers'Bank for check No. 5^3, drawn to pay J. Gianey Jones's*
expenses to Washington city, $30
<  NovemberS%1856. Office expend debtor to Farmers'
Bank for this amount, check No. 80S, sent toJ.GUncy
Jones, forexpenses in procutmg work furtiie Heading bteam
forge, $*250.
<4 September 28, 1857. Office expenses for this amount
borrowed money of A. J. Nichols., to pay J. Glanev Jones,
esq., expenses to Washington, on bu-q'ne^ for the com-
pany, and returned the same in check No. 1036, $100."
The undersigned therefore report that Hon. J.
Glaricy Jones did, when a member of this 1 louse,
enter into a con tract with the Reading Forge Com
$3,000, and every such contract or agreement as aforesaid
shall be absolutely null and void."
By the third section of the same act it is pro-
vided:
Ct In every such contract or agreement to be made, or^n-
tered into, or accepted, as aforesaid, there shall be inserted
an express condition that no member of Congress shall be
admitted to any part of such contract or agreement, or to
anv benefit to aiise therefrom."
The interest of Mr. Jones in the contracts be-
tween the Governmem and the Reading Forge
Company was certain, direct, and purely of ape-
cuniary nature.
By the third section of the act of February 26,
1853, it is provided that if any member of Con-
gress shall, for compensation paid or to be paid,
either certain or contingent, act as agent or at-
torney for prosecutingany claim against the United
States, or shall receive any share or gratuity or
interest in any claim, &c«, he shall be liable to
indictment as for a misdemeanor; the penalty is a
fine of $5,000 or imprisonment, or both.
The clear design of these laws,.was to prevent
a member of Congress from having any pecuni-
ary interest in a contract with any officer of the
Government, or in any other claim against the
Government. Whether a contract of agency to
procure contractsfrom the Government, where the
compensation as a percentage on the amount of
the contract is embraced, in the language of the
law, might be a matter of doubt; but it is clearly
within the spirit of the law, and is most perni-
cious and corrupting in its effects. In the one
case, an interest in the contract would be disclosed I
by tlr,gg:>n tract itself; while, in the other case, it '
may be more readily concealed or covered under
the pretext of local interest for constituents.
The undersigned recommend, in order to re-
move all doubt as to the meaning of the act of
April 20, 1808, the passage of a provision of law
to punish as a misdemeanor any member of Con-
gress who, for money, acts as an agent m pecu-
niary contracts with the Government.
In conclusion, the undersigned recommend the
adoption of the following resolutions:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy has, with the
sanction of the President, abused his discretionary power
in the selection of a coal agent, and in the purchase of fuel
for the Government.
Resolved, That the contract made by the Secretaiyof
the Navy, under date of September 23, 1858, with W. C.
N. Swift, for the "delivery of live-oak timber, was made in
violation of law, and in a manner unusual, improper, and
; injnuoiis to the public service.
i Resolved, That the distribution by the Secretary of the
i Navvof the patronage m the navy-yard among members of
; Congress was destructive of discipline, corrupting in its m-
i fiuenccj and highly injurious to the public service.
1 Resolved, That the President and Secretary ot the Navy,
! by receiving and considering the party lelations of bidders
foi contracts with the United States, and the effect of awaid-
mg contracts upon pending elections, have sot an example
dangctouato the public saiety and deserving the reproof of
this House.
ResoUcd, That the appointment by the Secretary of the
Navy of Daniel B. Martin, chief engineer, as a member of
, ill ,  ~ -'i. c 't li a board of enemeersto report upon pioposals forcon-truct-
pany, by ^which he agreed to procure woik for it j J of the United States, the said Martin at the
. / . j i tune being pecuniarily interested in some of said proposals,
from the Government, in consideration of which
he was to receive five per cent, commission; that
he did procure contracts to be made between the
Government and said Reading forge, in which he
was interested to the amount of said commission;
and that he did receive money from said company
for said service.
The evil tendencies of such transactions are
manifest. If members of Congiess and other offi-
cers of the Government may be employed with
money to sohcitat the ExecutiveDepartmentsand j
bureaus for contracts and jobs, it cannot be ex- ||
pectftd that their influence will hG resisted. The 'J
law will soon be disregarded, and offices, em- ['
ployments, and contracts, will be bartered and ,>
sold without regard to the public service. ij
By the first section of the act of Apni 26,1808,
it is provided thus: Ij
"No member of Congress shall, directly or indnectly, H
himself or by onyothei pe^on whatsoever, in tnibt for bim, 'j
or for hi?: uc-e ot benefit, or on hi? account, undertake, ox- ;j
ecute, hold, or enjoy, m the wnoie oi in part, any contract ,!
oi agi cement hereafter to bo made or entered into with any j I
office! of the United States. o>- with any per>t>rt authored ;!
to make contract 4 on the p?r£ nf the United Sraf es ; and if ' j
any member of Congress s-hall, directly or indirectly, him !j
self or by any per-on wimuoever. in tru-t for him, 01 for his
une or benefit, or on in3 account, cnbT into, uccept of,
agree for, undertake, or execute, anv such contract or agree-
ment, in the whole 01 in part, every peit>on so offending
shall, for cveiy Mteh offeii>e, wpon eunvieLiuri, &c., be ad-
judged guilty of a high misdemeanor, and shall be fined
is hereby censured by this House.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
JOHN SHERMAN,
DAVID RITCHIE.
35th Conor.
2d Scss.~
HOUSE OFREPRE3ENTATIVES.
[ Report
• No. 188.
OFFICIAL. CONDUCT AND ACCOUNTS OP
WILLIAM CUryLO^r. LATE CLERKS OF
THE HOUSE! OF REPRESENTATIVES.
FE5iirA.itY 28,1859.—Laid on the table and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. Maynaiid, from the select committee to
investigate the official conduct and accounts of
William Cullom, late Clerk of the House of Rep-
resentatives, made the following
REPORT.
The committee appointed to investigate the con-
duct and accounts of William Cullom, late Clerk
of tho House of Representatives, beg leave to re-
port:
Your committee have taken a vast amount of
testimony, extending in various departments of
the Clerk's office, and have procured much in-
formation new to them, and possibly to many
other members of the House. The committer
was raised upon the following resolution:
"Resolved,, That the conduct and accounts of William
Cullom, the late Clerk, be referred to a select committee of
five, w th instructions to inquire into the various items of
ins accounts, and report thereon at any time, and shall have
power to send for persons and papers."
Inasmuch as a suggestion has been made of de-
linquency on the part of the Cle-rk, touching the
stationery procured and furnished for the use of
the members of this House, their attention was
first called tothatdepartmentof the Clerk's office.
It is proper to say that the proof establishes the
fact that the stationery furnished to the last Con-
gress was procured, not by the late Clerk, Mr.
Cullom, but by his predecessor, Mr.-Forney;
and whether complaints respecting it are well
founded or not, no responsibility attaches to Mr.
Cullom; the usage, under the law, being that each
Clerk, after the close of Congress and before the
next session, shall contract for and purchase sta-
tionery for the succeeding Congress.—Sec. 17, act
of August 26, 1842, vol. v. Stat, at Large, p. 526.
With respect to the stationery furnished to the
present Congress, it appears in proof that imme-
diately after the close of the last Congress adver-
tisements were prepared in the Clerk's office by
some of the old incumbents, under the personal
direction of the Clerk, to advertise for the kind
and amount of stationery that their experience
in the office, extending back in some cases nearly
ten years, showed to be necessary; that he him-
self took no other part in preparing the advertise-
ment than merely to give it his official signature;
that, with the exception of a single instance, a
house in New York, he personally invited no
bids; that when the bids were made and the sam-
ples furnished, the latter were opened in one of
the committee-rooms and carefully collated by the
oldestand mostexperienced employesin the office,
at the request, by the direction, and in'tke pres-
ence of the Clerk, who, having little knowledge
respecting the different qualities of stationery,
took no part in making the selections, but left it to
the larger experience and better judgment of his
subordinates; that they selected from different sam-
ples, such as appeared to them most suitable, re-
gard being had to both quality and prices; and that
contracts were awarded to some four or five dif-
ferent bidders, resident at different points, and all
shown to be first-rate dealers; that the accepted
bids were made known through the office, and in-
structions given by the Clerk to carefully inspect
the articles delivered, and to see that they con-
formed to the samples, instructions that were
faithfully observed; that in receiving and accept-
ing the bids there was no collusion or understand-
ing between the bidders and the Clerk, or any of
his employes; that no margin was reserved, and
no bonus was paid, or agreed to be paid, or de-
manded to be paid, by any of the contractors,
either to the Clerk or any one in his employ; that
the quality of the stationery furnished is very
good, and that the skill ana judgment used in
making selections have been called in question
■ only m the single article of wrapping paper, and
! that to the extent of but a few cents per ream,
| certain bidders being of opinion that their own
\ samples wereequally asgood as those upon which
i contracts were awardefl, while their bids were a
S trifle lower.
; While your committee, therefore, find nothing
: in the purchase of the stationery to impeach the
i official conduct either of the Clerk or of those act-
! ing under him, their investigation has given them
j some insight into the stationery .system, aad they
| deem it pioper to call the attention of the House
| to it. It appears that, by usage of the office, the
| stationery is placed in the custody of one of the
I subordinates, known as the stationery clerk; that
| he furnishes stationery to the Postmaster of the
House, who delivers it to the members, and keeps
the accounts with them; that, in fact, members
have supplied themselves from the stationery
room, leaving the stationery clerk to report the
items to the Postmaster; and that m the sickness
or necessary absence of tho stationery clerk during
the session of the House, his duties devolved
upon some of his associates; that, so far as your
committee can perceive, there is no check imposed
upon the stationery clerk, or those who tempo-
rarily act in his place, and no means of ascertain-
ing the fidelity with which they execute their
