944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10.
statement, showing the amount of taxable prop-
erty for the last year to be more than twenty-two
million dollars; and it may now be pat down at
that amount.
Now, sir, so far .as this statement may be re-
garded as a basis in computing, when compared
v/ifch otter States, it is an elejpnent that we may
very well consider. I beg leave simply to present
a comparison with some of the older States of the
Union.
I believe the State of Georgia has the largest
amount of taxable property in proportion to her
population of any State in the Union. She has
$500,000,000 of real and personal property, giving
a per capita amount of $534. Massachusetts is
next, according: to this list. Her estimated wealth
is §597,936.995, and her per cuiyji/a wealth is $528.
Ohio has wealth to the amount of $860,^77,354,
beinsr a per capita of $388.
I find this in the financial report of the Seere-
• tary of the Treasury for 1857. I can find no es-
timate of the amount of personal property sepa-
rate from real estate except in the case ofOlnp,
and there the per capita of personal wealth, stated
in round numbers., is $100. Now, if you adopt
that as the rule, it would give a population to Or-
egon of abouf two hundred and fifty thousand.
But one of two things is very clear: either that the
people of Oregon are a very wealthy people and
have increased very rapidly, and are in a good
condition to assume the functions of a State gov-
ernment, or there are at least one hundred and
fifty thousand people there.
Mr. HOWARD. Have yon the number of
votes polled at the last election there?
Mr. GROW. The largest number of votes
ever polled m the Territory was ten thousand
one hundred and twenty-one.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Probably they
do not take the same inteiest m voting there that
they do elsewhere, having confidence in tlK-ir rep-
resentative upon this floor. I do not intend to
detain the House, further than to state these facts.
Suppose the people of that Temtory are worth
$200 per head; and then its population is one
bundled and ten thousand?
Mr. STANTON. Is there any statement in
the return of personal pioperty as to the number
of horses, rattle, and things of that soi t?
JMi. STEPHENS, of Georgia. Tiie property
is taxed one mill, and that is sufficient to support
the Government.
Mr. STANTON. Do not they value the same
description of property at ten times as much as
they do in Ohio?
Mr. STEPMENS, of Georgia. Perhaps it is
worth ten times as much. I do not know the es-
timate; but! take it for granted that whatever
peoj-ie are willing to pay taxes on is the worth
oftlieir propeity. I find < veiy whore adtsposmon
to underrate the value of taxable property. This
is the official repoit of the auditor of that Ter-
ritory, upon the basis of whuh the taxes are
levied and collected.
Mr. PALMER. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether, in assessing personal pioperty, deduc-
tions ate made for the debts due by the people
of Oregon for their real estate, to which I under-
stand the gentleman to soy they have no titles ?
Air. STEPHENS, of Groigia. I cannot say
•whether they deduct anything or not. 1 have this
to say to the House, and especially to those who
have any doubt about the p« pulation of Oregon,
that, for myself, 1 hold that thei e can be no ques-
tion hut that there is sufficient population there
t-j require.us, under existing laws and compacts,
to admit that Territory asa'Staic into the Union.
Inere must ho at least sixty thousand people
the<e,and my own opinion is that there are at
least one hundred thousand.
In the bill organizing the Territory of Oregon,
which was passed in IS48, 1 find the following
clause:.
"Sec. 14. *-1nd '-c it further enchf-'d, That the inhabitants
ofs-aul Temton snrdf be entitled to eitj.;y all and singular
the iicioM, ptjvJi'ge-*. and advantage1-, slanted .aid sec'uied
to ibo people ol tin' Ten story U:" United .-state* noirh-
VfM or tin* iiver Ohio by the aiticlrs <>.' compact contained
m the oidmance lor the Government of said Teiruon , on
the l.Uh day of Juh , I7c7, and shall he subject tu all ihe
cond'uon=,i-e^tur-uons, and prohibition's, in said articles of
compact imposed upon the people of said Termory.'-—
Statutes at Large, volume !J. pa^e 2:>y.
That, sir, was a guarantee given iti 1848, after
the settlement of the controversy with England
as to that Territory.1 Now, I call the attention
of the House to the ninth article of ihg ordinance
of 1787:
"And whenever any of the said State* tha!] have sixty
tbou-arid tree inhabitant® therein, such State shall be ad
imtted by its Delegates into the Congress of the United
States on an equal footing with the original States, in all
respects wlialhoevei ; and shall be at hbcuy to 101m a per-
manent constitution and State goverment: Provided, The
constitution and government so to be formed shall he re-
publican, and m contoimity to the principles contained in
these articles ; and so far as it can be consistent with the
general interest of the Confederacy, such admission shall
be allowed ar an eaiher period, and when theie may be a
less numbei of free inhabitants in the State than sixty
thousand."
If there were any question as to whether there
were ninety thousand people there; if there were
any question as to whether Oregon comes up to
the ratio of representation; yet, sir, I hold that
there is a solemn guarantee and a compact made
with those people, which we ought not to disre-
gard. That there are more than sixty thousand
people there, it seems to me no gentleman upon
this floorcan doubt. From the facts I have stated,
either the population of that Territory is one hun-
dred thousand, or they are the richest people in
the United States. That would be sufficient
ground to admit them to exercise the rights of a
sovereign State. By their admission we get rid of
the territorial expenses. They possess all the ele-
ments for a State government, which they should
have under the guarantee I have referred to. I am
to-day ready to give Oregon a welcome as a new
State into this Confederacy of States. I do not in-
tend to call the previous question, as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham,] and others wish
to offer amendments; but in order to keep the bill
befoie the House, 1 move to refer the bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the-state of the
Union. 1 intend, at an early hour, however to
call the previous question, and bring the House
to a vote on the subject.
Mr. GROW obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Will the gentleman
yield to me, in order that I may move an amend-
ment ?
Mr. GROW. I will hear the gentleman's prop-
osition.
Mr. Davis's proposition was read, as follows:
That the hill be recommitted to the Committee on Ter-
iitors;-'^, with instruction; to insert a clause therein, 01 add
a M-ction theieto, repealing so much of the act entitled
<>An act for the adrnu^iou of the State of Kan.-a- into the
Umun," approved May 4, liforf, as piolubitd the people of
Kan«arf from toimtng a constitution and asknu: admission
into the Union a- a State, until '-it ascertained by a cen-
sus, duly and legally taken, that the population ofsaul Ter-
moiy cijualri or exceeds the latio of iepre--entation required
lor a member of the Hou>c of Representatives of the Con-
gte&s of the United States."
Mr. GROW. The motion made now does not
allow amendments to be offered to the bill. I
piefer ttiat the gentleman from Indiana should
wait till I piopu^e the amendment which I have
to offer.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I merely indicated
that amendment, and will offer it at a proper time.
Mr. AiA\ NARD. Ifthegentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania will yield me the floor, I will present to
Uni House an amendment which I propose to
offer.
Mr. GROW. I will hear it.
The proposition was read, as follows:
Aud the following a* additional section--:
Sr.i . 6. Jhu1 be it further enacted. That tin- act shall fake
effect imly up m the following oondi'ioiis: first, that it he
a-ccrtamed by a cen-u>, duly and legally taken, that the
population included and realms within the limits of the
piopo-ed Stat-' of OiC2oa equ.tK or exceed", the satio of
jepie.-cntai.ori requited ior a member oi tne jl<,u<e of Rep-
resentatives or the (Joriure-v ol the United Stute>; and sec-
ond. that the (jui'^iou oi admis-ion \\ nil the iOilov.'in'.f ptop-
o-,uion b>' fcUDnmtod to a voty of the people of -aid pu.po^ed
riraie, and a—"nt'jd to hv them, or a majonty of the voters
voting at an election to be held loi that pui po-e. namely :
ih.u seeiina i\rii of di uele two of the com-ii: urion framed at
Salem, on the 3^th da\ ofSfjptemb-r; ni the v?m  o!cir Lord
lto7, fcha.il he cua."!i<.d to ;ead a- follow--: In all
elections not otum\i-e pio\icJ"d for bv ths* constitution,
every white rude citizen ol the United of the  .;:<> ot
twenty-one year,- and upward-, who a]i have rnsidtd m
the State dimmr the mx month- immediately pieeedin? ;uch
election, shall be entuied to vote at all elections authorized
by lawand in tins form ena>l be and i (.main a- a pan of
the coiu-titution of p-aid Stau. At the said election the
voting shall ne by ballot, aud by indorsing on Ins ballot, as
each voter may bu pleased, citizen sulirasze" or "alien
suffrage.55 Should a majority of the votes cast be for iC rit-
v/.cn Mi/Fiage,-V and should the census so to he taken show a
population equaling or exceeding the latio of ^presentation
required ior a member of the.House of lleprese.ntatives of
the Congress of the United States,the President of the Uni-
ted States, as soon as these facts are duly made known to
him, shall announce the same by proclamation ; and there-
after and without any further proceedings on the part of
Congress, this act, and every past thereof, shall take effect,
and the admwsioti of the s ute ot Oregon into the Union
upon an equal looting with the original States in all respects
whatever, fhall be absolute and complete.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it farther'enactcd^ That the election au-
thorized by this act shall be hold at the same places, and by
the same officers, as elections heretofore in the Territory of
Oregon, and at such time atter the parage ot this act, and
its official publication in paid Teinioty, as the Governor of
said Territoiy may by pioclamation designate, tiie davtobe
as early a one as is consi^cnt with due notice theieof to the
people of said Teri ltory, subject to the provi-mns oi this act:
Provided^ That, in the election herubv atuhonzed, all white
male inhabitant- of said Tortitoiy, fiver the ace oi twenty-
one Ypar>} and who are citizens ot the United State, shall
be allowed to vote ; and tin-, shall be the only qualification
requned to entitle the vojpi to the inrht of =uffra<ze m -aid
election. And if anv person not so qualified -hall vote or
offer to vote, oi if any person Mum vote more than once at
said election, or shall make, or cau-e to bo made, any fal^e,
fictitious, orfiaudulent return*, ot .-hall altei or change any
returns of said election, such person r-hall, upon conviction
thereof before any court of competent jun>dietion. be kept
at hard labor not le-.s than six months, and not more than
three yeais
Sec 8. And be it further cnacted. That, for their services
m holding baid elections, the otiicej* shall he entitled to
receive the same compensation a>- h given for like services
under the territorial laws.
Mr. GR.OW. Is that offered as a substitute for
the bill ? If it is offered as an additional amend-
ment, it would shut out an amendment which I
intended to offer.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is intended as an addi-
tional amendment.
Mr. GROW. Then I must decline toyield;for
that would cut off my own amendment.
Mr. Speaker, i do not propose to weary the
patience of the House, for I have but a few words
to say on this subject. First, I desire briefly to
notice the remaiks of the gentleman from Geor-
gia. It. certainly is a new mode of obtaining a
census of population, by taking the assessor's list
of the taxable property of a people, and then at-
tempting from that, to calculate the number of
voters or of population. If you take the taxable
l st of property of the district of my friend from
New York, [Mr. Clark,] as a basis of population,
and apply the course of argument pursued by the
gentleman from Georgia, you might have, per-
haps, more population in that district than there
is in the whole United States; for I btlieve there
is more wealth concentiated in that district than
in any other congressional district in the Union.
I am, therefore, not prepared to take taxable
property as a basis of population. That is a new
mode of taking a census. The gentleman said the
people of Oregon must be the richest people on the
face of the earth, orthey have a large population.
They must be a rich people if we are to judge of
the value of personal property, as estimated in
their claims for reimbursement of their war debt.
Horses are valued, I believe, m that claim, at
from two to five hundred dollars; and their other
property in proportion; so of course, if the valu-
ation of the assessor corresponded, they would
have a large taxable property.
As to population, the gentleman from Georgia
thought it sufficient. As a question standing by
itself, I should make no question with him about
it. I am not prepared to say thai Congress should,
in no case, depart from the representation neces-
sary for a member from one of the States. There
may be cneumstances surrounding a people in a
Territory which moymakeit not only necessary,
but a duty, for Congress, before their population
reaches that number, to consent to change the
form of government from a Teiritory to that of
a State. It was that reason which has governed
my action from the first, in regard to Kansas.
I am not ready, therefore, to say that I would,
in no case, vote for the admission of a State until
she had the ratio of population necessary for a
member of Congress; but as a general rule, I
think it is a safe and sound principle that the pop-
uUuion should be something near the ratio required
for representation in th>s House. Bat I will not
dwell on that point, in this'ease.
The fetuleman from Tennessee, m his minority
report, lias collected the figures, and made that
one of the grounds of his objection to the admis-
sion of Oregon. Areth^re any circumstances sur-
rounding the people of Oregon that should make
them an exceptional case to the general action of
the Government? If so, then the question of pop-
ulation is of no consequence. Have-they any
unredressed wrongs to# grievous to be borne,
