824
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
[February 28,
35th Co.no....2d Sess. Report on the Official Conduct and Accounts of William Cullom.
Ho. op Reps.
diana, Ohio, New York, New Hampshire, Mas-
sachusetts, Pennsylvania, and Maryland, to look
for the Congressional Globe and Appendix, the
Finance Reports, arid the Diplomatic Correspond-
ence; that he found of the first work, in each li-
brary he visited, from 37 to 76 volumes, some of
them roach worn and soiled by dampness, and in
some eases the labels off; the Diplomatic Corre-
spondence was in many instances found wanting,
but no charge-had been made for it, as he ascer-
tains. No complaint was made in regard to the
Finance Reports. A portion of these libraries
were supplied by the present Clerk. Some com-
plaints have been made that in some cases there
wereduplicate volumesof theCongressional Globe
and Appendix, and in others a volume wanting.
This is very satisfactorily explained by Mr. Bai-
ley as resulting from the mistake of the binder—
not affecting the contents of the work.
It appears that the Cierk very early authorized
Mr. Hugh Tyler to purchase the books required
for members of the last House. Besides the
twenty-four sets of books already referred to and
commented upon, it appears that, on the 39 th of
March, 1857, he procured from Messrs. Gales &
Seaton,of this city, ninety sets of Annals of Con-
gress, Register of Debates, a nd Senate Land Laws,
at the publishers' price of £32,850; that, during
the negotiation, as Mr. Seaton says, " the Cierk
placed me in the hands of an agent, who, ho said,
would arrange with me for the number of copies
which would be wanted. He declined giving the
order himself, and said he would send a man to
me, and would givean order to him for such num-
ber of copies as he should specify or agree to take.
.1 received the order from Mr. Cullom directly.
The agent informed me that he would obtain the
order from the Clerk, or would secure the order
to issue from the Clerk. General Cullom had
previously stated that he w.ould give an order for
such number of the books a?s Tyler should stipu-
late for us to furnish." This agent, Tyler, ex-
acted from them their check on the banking-house
of Suter, Lea & Co., for $7,000, which was hon-
ored, and the money received by'Tyler,
In a communication addressed to the Sscretary
of the Treasury by the Clerk, July 2D, 1857, and
verified by his affidavit, he alludes to a charge that
had been made against him at the Treasury De-
partment, growing out of this transaction, in the j
following terms: "As to the allegation that Gales
<& Seaton had paid Mr. Tyler a sum of money on*
any account, I know nothing. I gave Messrs. :
Gales & Seaton the order for the books myself, !
unconditionally, and my requisition for the amount ;
of their receipted bill was before the Comptroller :
of the Treasury, when I went to Tennessee, and .
was passed and paid, as 1 understood, to Gales & j
Seaton in my absence. What they did with the ;
money 1 know not; certain it is, 1 have not re- ■
oeived a cent of it, nor have 1 learned from Mr. j
Tyler that he has. If such be the fact, I aver that 1
I have no knowledge of it." Mr. Tyler's testi-
mony fully sustains this solemn averment of the -
Clerk, lie says that Mr. Cullom did not in any :
way, directly or indirectly, receive any part or
portion of any profit or percentage growing out of
the bo^k contract with him; nor was any agreed
to be paid. It is proper to add that this transac-
tion of Tyler with Messrs. Gales & Seaton ap-'
pears to be the only one performed by Tyler while
acting under the authority of Mr. Cullom.
It furthermore appears that Mr. John Tretler,
a book-binder of tins eity, had a contract with '
the late Cierk, to bind the reserved documents
of tile last Congress, amounting to $75,000 or
$80,000; that he applied m person to the Clerk,
and presented the recommendations of some of
the best citizens of Washington; that he wanted
the work, and, as he says, supposing that Mr. ;
Tyler had influence with the Cleik, he subse-
quently went to Air. Tyler and offered to give 1
him twenty-five per cent, oil the contract, if he '
would secure it for him; that Mr. Tyler accepted
Ins offer, and that he paid him sometHng over 'i
m ,000. Without going at large into the testi-i!
mony, your committee will simply say, that it|!
does not appear either that the Clerk participated ;!
in this money, or kacw of the arrangement be- ij
tween Messrs. Tretler and Tyler; oreven thatthe 3)
latter in any way intervened for the procurement ii
of tho eontract. It is shown by Mi. Tretler that, ii
at the instance and by the direction of Tyler, he j
avoided the Clerk, who in vain made repeated 1
efforts to see him. And it further appears that, i
when an intimation was given to the Clerk of the I
reason why Tretler kept away, he went to his j
establishment, and, not finding him there, left a j
message for him with his son, who superintended j
his business, denouncing the suspected agree- J
rnent, if any such existed. j
At tlje close of the ^pond session of the last i
Congress, five of the employes m the Clerk's I
office requested leave of absence during the re- !
cess, all, with one exception, to engage in the !
pending presidential canvass. The Clerkgranted
the leave, but informed them that during the time
they would be absent they should be considered
out of office, assigning for this course the two-
fold reason that he wanted to bestow a portion of
his official patronage upon others of his friends,
and that he deemed itincompatible with the duties
of salaried officers of the Government to engage
in the strife of a political canvass. Objection was
made by some of them to being displaced, and it
was proposed by them that their names should
be continued upon the pay-roll, as being in office;
that on their return they should receipt the pay-
roll, and indorse the checks for thejr pay to the
Clerk, or under his direction. To this arrange-
ment the Clerk assented. The absentees appear
all to have understood that substitutes were to be
employed, and that their pay was to go to the
compensation of such substitutes. No substi-
tutes, however, were employed. In fact, during
the recess of Congress there was very little to be '
done. On the leassembling of Congress, at the
first of December following, four of t'teso five j
clerks returned to their duties, and earned out i
this agreement by receipting the pay-roll for their :
salaries during the momhsof September, October, i
and November, amounting in the aggregate to •
$1,800; indorsed the checks drawn for their pay, j
and left them with Mr, Ingram, the chief clerk. !
That officer testifies that, at that time, they kept ,
their funds deposited at the banking-house of i
Suter, Lea & Co., or rather with Mr. Siiterhim-
self. " The checks were drawn payable to the i
parties, but, upon the subsequent settlement at tho ;
bank, the checks were placed to the credit of the 1
Clerk, in my bank account. I think this was not i
long afterwards, a few days or weeks." Mr.
Bailey testifies that his attention was called to the
matter about the last of March, 1S57. " I had a
conversation with you [Mr. Cullom] about the
matter, and I told you that you should return the
$1,800, the amount m question, to the Treasury;
that the depositing that amount in the bank of
Suter, Lea & Co. did not answer the purpose '
which you designed it should. You said it was I
your purpose to have the matter done correctly, !
and would so make your settlement at the Treas- !
ury. I told you that you should charge yourself I
m the account current with this item of §1,800, i
the amount withheld from these clerks, and that '
would make the account square; and I understood j
you to say that you would have the matter car- '
ned out in that way." He further states that j
when the act of March 3, 1857, was passed, re- j
quiring disbursing officers to keep their accounts i
with the Tieasury, the chief clerk, Mr. Ingram, '
in making up his estimates of the amount m the !
hands of Suter, Lea & Co., included tins item of i
§1,800, and that it was returned to the Treasury ;
as a part of the general deposit.
In the account rendered to the Treasury by the i
Clerk, after the close of his term, filed on the 3d
of March, 185S, the Clerk is charged with a bal- i
ance on hand, and, among others, with this item, i
without, date;
"Account withheld from William Bailey, J. C. i
Greenlease, J. J. Burnett, and S. S. Stanton, on I
vouchers returned to the Treasury on tho last j
quarter of the year 1856, $450 each, by reason of ■
non-performance of service, $1,800."
Mr. Ingram further testifies; That the money \
was never drawn from the Government funds, I,
and, on the final settlement at the Treasury, was
fully accounted for; that he was prevented by ;i
this investigation from presenting his accounts for ii
settlement at an earlier day. ii
Thus it appears that the said clerks performed ]'
no service during the three months in question, 1
and received no pay; the amount of their salaries i
reverting to the Treasury, and your committee
see no ground of complaint on their part, certainly,
and none on the part of the Government.
Your committee have thus disposed of the prin-"
eipal matters of charge against the late Clerk.
Some other matters were brought to their atten-
tion and were investigated with a great deal of
l ber to themselves and some cost to the Govern-
ment, but nothing appeared that is deemed of im-
portance to bring to the notice of the House.
It appears that the late Clerk, on going into
office, found several persons of standing and ex-
perience holding places, whom he retained in his
employ, and they are still retained. They have
been examined before your committee, and with-
out exception testify that they know of no fact
tending either directly or indirectly to show mis-
feasance, malfeasance, corruption, or dereliction
of duty on the part of the late Cierk. This is
negative testimony indeed, but, coming from the
source it does, is entitled to much weight.
Witnesses have detailed various statements of
the late Clerk respecting the profits of his office,
among them J. J. Burnett, S. S. Stanton, and
Hon.Charles Ready,who says; "Some few days
before the adjournment of the last Congress, dur-
ing a night session of the House, he (the Clerk)
came and sat down by my desk. After some
conversation upon different subjects, I asked him
myself, I think, what his office would yield him.
He stated, in substance, that he had made $30,000;
but, if the book resolution should pass, his office
would be worth, lie thought, $50,000. I give this
as the substance of the conversation. That was
before the book resolution passed. At that, or
some other time, though my impression is that it
was at that time, he spoke of having had the
advantage, on account of his position here, of
engaging in some speculations and making some
investments in stocks and rea! estate. I do not
remember very distinctly what was said upon that
subject. The idea was, that he made ^30,000 in
consequence of holding the otnee." ■
Mr. McCiarin, of Carthage, Tennessee, a neigh-
bor and the private financial agent of the late Clerk,
say si " That when v ith his acquaintance at home,
he spoke of his office as a profitable one, and
thought he would make some$30,000 or $40,000.
He explained the matter by saying that there
were good opportunities offered to the Clerk of
: the House of Representatives to make money by
dealing in western lands, stocks, land warrants,
real estate, &c.; that his position gave him credit
and increased facilities for information. He was
considered one of our wealthy men. I have been
acquainted with General Cullom for eighteen or
nineteen years; and from the time of my first ac-
quaintance with him, his wealth has been annu-
ally increasing. As he increased in years, he in-
creased in wealth, and latterly the increase has
been larger than formerly." It shows that his
means were ample, his credit good, and his char-
acter for integrity irreproachable. Mr. French,
one of his predecessors in office, on being asked
what are the opportunities in this city for such a
man to realize money by dealing in real estate,
taking advantage in buying and selling, says: " I
should think perhaps no man could make money
faster in any other way."
It appears in evidence that the Clerk has fully
settled his accounts at the Treasury, and that,
during his entire term of office, all moneys to his
credit as Clerk, were drawn only upon cheeks
prepared by his chief clerk, or the person acting
for him in his absence, which were drawn upon
vouchers being presented.
Your committee having now completed the
labors assigned them by tho House, pray to bo
discharged from the further consideration of the
subject. They ask leave to report the following
resolutions, and to be discharged from the further
consideration of the subject referred to them;
Resolved. Tlml there is nothmsconnsoted with advertis-
ing propolis, accepting bids, or selecting or purchasing the
stationary tor the use of tile Hou:.e ot Representatives,
which icfleels the slightest discredit upon William Cuhom,
the. late Clerk.
Rcsolvtd, That in the management and disposal oftne sta-
tionery great abuses have cxMed ; but as these have been
continued for a series of years, no special blame attaches
to the late Cleik.
Resoleed, That negligence and carelessness have been
shown m tile execution of the House resolution of theOOtli
oi January, 1.846, by tho Clerk; though there is no evident
