1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
325
35th Cong,,
Report on the Debates of Congress.
Senate.
of cither corruption or dishonesty m the premises on the
part of the late Clerk.
Resolved, Thar nc<rh$renee and inattention have been
shown by the late Clerk m the execution of the resolution
of July 7. 1656, and tin' act of March 3, 1857.
Resolved, That m the settlement of his accounts at the
Treasury Department for the purchase and delivery ofbooks
to certain members of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, under
the resolution of July 7,1856, the Clerk cerufied to the pur
chd.se and delivery of two tets of hooks, which were not, in
fact, delivered ; but money, in whole or in part, had been
taken m lieu thereof; and a cu&tom is proved to have pre-
viously existed of exchanging books for money ; and m the
two instances of the receipts, filed by the late Clerk,the
money h.td been paid at the special instance of the mem-
bers themselves.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
DEBATES OF CONGRESS.
Keport of the Joint Committee on Printing.
In the Senate, JIarch%f 1859.
Mr. Fitch submitted the following report:
The Joint Committee on Printing, to whom
was referred the following resolution, viz: " Re-
solved, That the Joint Committee on Prrnting in-
quire and report whether nny new provisions of
law are necessary to secure a faithful performance
of the existing contracts which provide for accu-
rate reports of the debates of the two Houses,"
report:
That they have had the subject under consider-
ation, and given it such attention as their time
and the pressure of other public business would
allow.
The subject of reporting and printinggjfe" de-
bates of Congress was referred to the Committee
on the Library in the year 1846, and on the 7th
of August, of that year, the committee on the
part of the Senate made a report, from which the
following is an extract:
" The subject refetred to them is one of great importance,
and has long occupied the mo«t serious attention of Con-
gress. The publication ot the debates and proceedings of
Congress* is due to the country, and to the members them-
selves, and i* rieces&ary to a proper knowledge of the action
of the Government. Public opinion is the judge of men
and measures under our form of Government; and the two
Houses of Congress being the gteat forums lot the discus-
sion ot public measuie-s. jt is to these Houses, and what is
said and done in them, that enlightened public opinion must
look tor much of the material which )-> to guide us decision
'' The publication of debates and proceeding? involves
three points of expense and trouble, to witreporting,
printing, and circulating ; and each of those, beside*, re-
quires ease and fidelitv: and repoittng requires peculiar
talent and education. Congress, as a body, could not take
upon itselfthemanagement ofabuMiiers requiting somueh
skill, care, expense, and trouble, and accordingly has never
attempted it. But the publication of the debates and pro-
ceedings, m some form, and to some extent, bemgimpeta-
tiveiy required by public opinion, the ncw^papci pros?, at
its own cost and tiouble, especially at the seat of Govern-
ment, have endeavored to supply the want, but necessarily
to a limited degieo, and at gieat sacrifice of pecuniary m-
teie-t to itself The olde-t established paper m tins city,
that of Messrs. Gales & Seaton, is alleged to have paid out
glOO.OUO for reporting debates of Congress within the last
thirty years; and, no doubt, the other principal papers
which undeitook to give lull repoits of debates, paid in the
same proportion during the time of their reporting. This
mode of publishing is evidently too expensive for the news-
paper press of this city, and is, besides, imperfect and in-
sufficient, and withdraws fiom Congress the propei control
and supervision of its o\?n proceedings. Authentic publi-
cations, undei the authority of Congieas, and at its expense,
have, theiefore, been the mode wnich has suggested itself
as the adeqate means of making the country acquainted
with the debates and proceedings of a body intrusted with
the pow er of national legislation, and exercising so gR*at an
influence over public opinion thioughout the Un on; and
this mode of publication has frequently been made the sub-
ject-mattei of anxious t. onsidcrauon bcfoie the committees
of the two Houses. Plans have been reported by these
committees in ravoi of this mode, but no geneial system has
over been adopted by the two Hou^ec. j\ paituil s\stem
adopfd by the Senate, for itself, at the last se«i.-iosi, h;i* en-
tirely failed. It has failed at all the points for winch import-
ing is demisable, to wit: piomphtude, aceui-'cy, and diffu-
sion among the people. It will piobably be abandoned.
The House of Repiesenfatives has no sv5tem of its own, j
and is dependent upon the voluntary services of the public
pre^-s for toe publication of its debates and proceedings, a
eerwee winch, bowt-osver well performed for that House,
during the present se^ion, cannot expect to be coutmued.
Both Houses are, tlterefore, without any system of repoit-
irigit*- debates and proceedings.
" Ry the Constitution, each House is to keep a journal
of its proceedings, and to publish them. It would be aveiy
nairow construction of this clause ox the Constitution, and
a very insufficient communication of the proceedings of
Cong'iess to the people, to eoniine the publication under tins
clause to tiie yeas and nays and the notices of bills and mo-
tions which appear on the Journals ; nor is such the prac-
tice Reports of committees and public documents aie pub-
lished in immense nmnbcis, and at a vast expense; and, alter
ull, without the great otflcct and advantage of publication,
that is to say, ditfuiion avion* the people, unless the news-
paper press lends its aid to the republication of what Con-
gress has printed. Publicity is the soul of our Government
action. The nature of our Government, the interest of the
country, and the will of the people, require publicity ; and
it is exacted in some form from all the department of the
Government. Ail the acts and communications (with few
exceptions) of all the branches of the Government aie pub-
lished. Winle ui the document foim they aie seen by few,
it is through congressional debates that the contents ol these
documents go to the country. But for the publication and
diffusion of the Congress debates no piovi^iou is made; and
all other publication is inadequate without that. .
Impressed with a full *en*c of the importance and ne-
cessity of reportingand publishing the debate* of Congress,
and convinced that nothing le^s than the power of Congress
(it1? power m point of authority and mean?) is adequate to
this object, the committee of the two Houses fully decided
upon reporting a plan to their respective Homes to place
this business under the control and management of the two
Houses, each for itself. The principle being agiced in, the
details became points of anxious inquiry. To accomplish
the great object in view, two diffeteut degrees or steps m
the publication became indispensable. First, a prompt pub-
lication of the debates of <ach Hou«eon the momnigoi the
following day, and their immediate communication to the
people in all pans of the United States. To do this required
the columns of the daily pie«s, and riocov-aiily involved h
running report of the debate, to be pat to pi ess most usually
without revision oreoriectibn by the spcukei. Secondly,
a levied and corrected publication of the sinif debates in
a durable book form, to constitute the aurhonti" pa>hament
j ary history of Congress. Interviews with the practical men
: and proprietors of'rite large printing e -tahli-hments m ttus
' city show that it can be done. The National intelligencer
and the Union each will undertake to lepon. print, publish,
and circulate, through their exchanges an^ jub-cnbeis,the
daily debates of Congiess. Me«>sis. BJaii &. IJives will en-
gage to continue then revised and eoireeted publication of
the same debates in the book foim m winch it is now done.
Tins i>, tor the daily running debate, and winch is to come
out on the morning of each day aftei its delivery, and to ap-
pear also in the country edition of the paper, speeches de-
tained by members for conection uiul levisal will appear m
the daily papers at the Inst moment thmu is mom foi them
Without throwing out the cm rent debate ; m the Conces-
sional Register they will appeal in an appendix; but the
whole luntung debate may bo revised and coneeted loi
prompt publication m the Register, and foi that purpose the
publisher of the daily reports will be requited to delivei to
each ruembei a copy of the morning papei, that he may see
how he is repoiied in each, .nid collect it immediately, it
he choose-, and send it to the Cm ga"--ional Register to take ;
its permanent place in the book form.
"The committee have le^olved that there should be two
daily papeis, one of each political party, to publish the cur-
rent debates; and tins for obvious rea-ons. It i- idle to
quarrel with human nanne. Two panic* exist, have ex- |
isted, and will exist, in tin- as in all fiee Governments ; and 1
it is in vain for the paity m power to endeavor to monopo- ;
hze the advantages ; arid wiong in itself, and often politi- '
caliy injurious, to gi\e one-sided information to the public. !
The plan proposed foi the publication of thv- current daily \
debates puts each pairv upon an equality; and, what i*s |
more, it enables the leaders and cojiyMs nom each paper !
to see the whole debate on both -ides, and thus escape ihe !
evils of one-sided and paitiai mfoi minion Tlie revised ami !
corrected debates m the booh form having nothing of the j
party character of a political p.ipei, and, containing noth- <
ing but the debates and proceeding*, do not require twoes- i
tabhshments to print them, and are, theietoie, proposed to \
be left m the faithful and competent hands in which they |
now are. ' j
" This is the plan which has recommended itself to the '
committees of the two Houses, us combining ail the advant- ■
i i ages proper to be obtained by the publication of the debates |
and proceedings of Congress; an ooject winch requites a '
double publication, one in the dail> p'<"-• tor the dailj in- i
formation of the people, and one m the book toirn foi the ;
permanent preservation of the debates and proceedings.'" i
August 7,1846.—The Senate adopted a reaola- ,
tion authorizing each member of the Senate to j
subscribe for twelve copies of the Globe and Ap- 1
pendix, at six dollars a copy (of both) for the ;
long, and three dollars for the short ^es&ion. A •
copy of the resolution, and of all other material
action of the Senate upon the subject of publish- :
ing the congressional debates is annexed, and is ,
made a part of this report: i
In the Slnate of the United States, Auzvst 7, 1846.
Resolved. That each mem her of the Senate be authorized 11
to subscrioo for twelve copies of the deba!'^ of c, iiTr<is-', as ;
[ pub!'-lied ill the CongM'^ional Globe bj IJl'iir i'; Riv<'s, or !
j m the Registei of Debates, bv Gaies Beaton: l'r^vtds(\ '!
| TJic repoits of said debates shall be sanjcct to the reviMOa ;
| ot the speakers, a\d shall be mi.ved wish n<  * xtrinci< mat-
■ ter, whether political oi otherwise, and -hall be paid lor out ;
| of the contingent fund of the Senate, at prices not exceed- <
I ing three dollais per copy for the debates ot the sdmit sc.- ;
I sions, and six dollais pur copy foi the deb;fte  of the h-n-x i
J sessions. |
I But if the printing dor.e in puhh-hing said reports of de- ;
bates shall not amount to thoM* price;- ,tf th.° pre-x-nt tate- 'j
1 ot Congress pnnting, then the once of ^ud copr's to be as ,
| much ie-s as tiie deficienc\ at the-e rates may amount to; i
but in no case is the price of said copies to exceed three and
j a-ix dollars cacii. as above ptovided.
I Resolved, That the Secretary of the Senate beaiuhotized
i to contiact with Messrs. lilan & Jlive*, and Witli Me«is.
| Gales &. Beaton accordingly, and notify the Senate thereof.
j Know all men by these piesents, that we, Fianci.- P.
1 Blair^ and John C  Rives, and James F. Haiiday, are held,
and firmly bound unto the United States of America, in the
sura of £10,000, to which payment, well and truly to be
made, we jointly and severally bind ourselves, our heir#,
executors, administrators, and assigns, and each and every
of them, fiimly by these presents. Sealed with ourseai®,
and dated this 5th day of December, m the year 1846. -
The condition of this obligation is such that, shouid t?l«
above bound Blair & Rives well and faithfully furnish sueh
numbei of copies of the debates of Congress asraav be sub
scribed for, agreeably to the resolution of the Senate of Au-
gust ihe 7th, 3843, and in the manner and foim, and upon
the terms and conditions, prescribed by the said resolution,
then this obligation to be null and void ; otheiwise, to bo
and lemain in fuli force and effect.
F. P. RLATR, fsEAL.1
JOHN C. HIVES, [seal.]
JAS. F. HALJDAY,
Signed, sealed, and delivered, in the presence of
JAS. Holland,
Wit. V/. Ct-rran,
Z. VV. MciVNEW.
In the Senate of the United States, Merck 3,1847.
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Senate be, and is
herebj, authoiizod and dnected to contract with Dr. James
A. Houston, to furnish full and accurate lpports of the pro-
ceedings and debates of the Senate for the Thiitieth Con-
rttes--: Prondcd, That the cost thereof shall not exceed this
i sum of 2,000 for the lonq siwt.ion, and$G,<)00 for the short
session ; and in (he event of an extra session of said Con1-
gess, in hke propoitioti for Mich extra session, to be paid out
of the appropriation for the contingent expenses of the Sen-
ate : Provided, also. That said contractor shall employ a
sufficient number of stenogiapheis, and other reporters, to
enable him to turmsh lull and accuiate reports of each day's
proceedings and debates? in punted foim on the succeeding
morning, and shall have the same neatly made up at the
close of every week in quaito form for preservation ; and
shall furnish to each niemhei of ihe Senate twenty copiag
of the daily, and twelve copies of the weekly publication ;
and that he shall also send daily, by mail, a copy of the daily
reports to the ptincipal newspapers tn the United Statea ;
Mid i eports to be fui m-hed to such of the newspapers m the
city o: Washington as shall punt and publish the sam«
daily, and supplj the members of the Senate with twelve
cwpios of a weekij publication, containing the matter fur-
m*hed dining the week ; the said paper to contain no polit-
ical discissions except the debates, and to be in no way
connected with any political pi ess.
(.^eo Senate Journal, page 27^-3 ; second session Twen-
ty-Ninth Congiess.)
JIn the Senate of the United States, Jhigust 11, 1S48.
The Senate proceeded to consider the ie«olii?ion reported
|jy the select committee the 8th instant, in relation to the
publication of the debate^ and pioceedings of the Senate;
and, having been amended, to lead as follows:
Resolved, That, m order to secuie a more fall, impartial,
and prompt publication of the proceedings and debates of
the Senate, the Secretary of the Senate be, and he hereby
is. authorized and dnected to enter into a contract, to take
etiect liom this day with the piopuetors, of each of the daily
paper3 in t,ln<* city—the National Intclhgencer and the Union
—and to continue until otheiwise ordered by the Senate, for
the daily publication, in each paper, of all the debates and
pi cm eedmgs of the Senate, and for the early subsequent
publication of such speeches as membersmay choose mo're
caietuiiv to revise and write out at full length, for which the
Secretaiy is authorized to make weekly payment, at the
rate of $7 f>0 for a column of brevier type - 1'ro nded, That
the proceedings and current debates b« transferred to the
country edition of said papers ; and one copy of the daily
edition of each paper shall be furnished to each member
dunng tin' ^f-nni without additional charge-
Resolved further, That theie be allowed and paid, out of
the contingent fund of tiie Senate, to the present official
leportur of the Senate, upon hn> relinquishing all rights un-
der his contract fiom and alter the end of the present ses-
sion, 5-2,500.
On the question to agree thereto, it was determined ia
the affirmative—yeas 38, nave 9.
(See Senate Journal, page 5G7, fiist session Thirtieth Con-
gress.)
On the 11th August, 1848, contracts were en-
tered into by the Secretary of the Senate with
Thomas Ritchie, proprietor of the Union, and
with Gales & Seaton, proprietors of the National
Intelligencer, in pursuance of the above resolution.
Intiik Senate of the United States, Febriiaryl2i, 38-19,
J',e^ohye-l, Thai the lecolution of the Senate of the iJUi
day ot August. IS, dnecttng the Secretary of the Senate
to contiact with the publishets of the two principal news-
paper u tlr.^ city for reporting and publishing the debates
an.} pi oecedmge of the Senate, be so modified as to exclude,
af'er tne adoption of this resolution, from any contract
which hns or roav hercaftet be made m pursuance of said
itxilutioii. the publication of levied speeches, a report of
which bav ciee been pubhs-hed ; and aKo to exclude fiom
Iberepoitol the piocecdiug-? of the Senate messages and
leports fiom executive office!^ of th'1 Uovcrn nent, and
fiom conunittee.s oi the St-nate ; and thai :be Scciei<tiy
potifj the peis-on? with whom he lia- entered mm coutinets
oi the-e limitation? and m^fuficatMn? of^aid re?oluiiou.—
(See Sei ate Journal, page 2jG, second session Thiitieth
Congic^i!.)
In the Senate: ok thk United Stati:s, 10. 1851.
The President pro tempore laid befoie the Serial? a letter
of Gali s & Seaton. addu s>ed to the Secict.u. ot the Hen-
att;; staung that they are under tiie ncccsMij of tsimmaung
