1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
the retui ns made, in ail respects, in conformity \\ ith the laws
of said Territory legulatnig theelection of leprcscntativcs ;
and the delegates so elected shall assemble at the capital of
said Teiritoiy on the first Monday in November next, and
first determine, by a vote, whether it is the wish of the peo-
ple of the proposed State to hp admitted into the Union at
that time: and if so, shall proceed to form a constitution,
and take ali the necessary steps for the establishment of a
State government, in conformity with the Federal Consti-
tution, subject to the approval and ratification of the people
of the proposed State.
Sec. 4. *3nd beit further enacted. That, in the event said
convention shall decide in favor of the immediate admission
of the proposed State into the Union, until the next con-
gressional apportionment the said- State shall have one Rep-
resentative in the House of Repiesentatives of t!ic United
States.
Sec. 5. %&nd be it further cnac*edy That, from and after
the admission of the State of Oiegon into the Union m pur-
suance of this act, the laws of the United States, which ate
not locally inapplicable, shall have the same foice andefleet
within the State ot Oregon as elsewhere within the United
States; 'arid said State '-hall constitute one district, and be
called the district of Oregon; and a distnct couit shall he
held therein, to consist of one judge, who shall reside in the
tald district, and be called adntrict judge. He shall hold
at the seat of government of said Statu two sessions annu-
ally,on the first Mondays, in January and July; and he shall
jn all tilings have and e\eicise the same jurisdiction and
powers which were by l.uv given to the judge of the Ken-
tucky district under an act entitled "An act to establish the
judicial couits of the United States." He shall appoint a
clerk for said district, who shall lesuieatui keep thcieeoids
of said couit at the place ot holding the tame.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That there shall be ap-
pointed in said distnct a person learned inthe lawtoactas
attorney of the United State*; and iheie shall also be ap- j
pointed a marshal for said dUtuet. who .shall perforin the j
same duties and be subject to the same regulations and pen-
alties as are presetibed to marshals m other distiiols. |
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further cnaclcJ, That the disti ict judge, i
attorney, cieik, and marshal, contemplated by this act, shall I
each be allowed the same compensation and fees that aie j
sevetally ailowe'd to the same offWers m the State of Call- i
torma by aetof Congie®-*, to be p*iul in the «ume manner '
Sec. 8. Jlnd he it further cnacteiL That the follow ing pi op- i
ositions be. and the same ateheieby, ofieied to the said eon- i
verition of the people of Oiegon loi then free acceptanc c oi ]
rejection, which, if accepted by the convention, shall be ;
obligatory on the Uru#d States and upon said State of i
Oregon, to wit: :
First. Tiiat sections numbered sixteen and thirty n.\* in
every township of public lands m said Suite, and where :
either of said sections or anv part thereof lias been sold, or 1
otherwise been disposed of, othe  lands equivalent thereto, ;
and as contiguous as may be, shall be gianted to caid State I
for the u e of schools.
Second. That seventy-two section-; of land shall be set i
apait and received foi the upo and suppoit of a State uni- 1
verity, to be selected bv the Governor ot said State, subject '
to the approval of the Commi^-ionei of the (ienetal Land t
Office, and to be appreciated and applied in suili a man- |
ner as the Legislainfe of -said State may pre«eiib  for the ;
purpose aforesaid, but foi no other puipo'se. j
Third. That ten enure sections ot land, to be selected by !
the Govei nor of Kiid State, m legal fuluhviMons, fhall be ;
gianted to said State lor the purpose of completing the pub- '
lie buildings, or for the ereetion ot other-, at the seat of gov- •
einment. under the direction o< the Legi^-latine tbeieof ;
Fouith. That all salt ^pjings within -vaid State, not ex- i
ceedirig twelve m nutnbei, withsix section1- ofland adjoin- 1
ing. or as contiguous as mav be to each, shall be gianted to |
said Stale for iit* u.-e ; the .-•amo to bo selected by the Gov- I
ernor thereof within one year aftei the admHMon of said j
State, and, when so selected, to he used oi deposed of on j
such terms, conditions, and regulations, as the LegiMatute ;
shall dneet: Provided That no'sali-jpung oi land,tlm light ;
wheieof is now vested m rny individual < ■ imlividuaK, or ,
which may be hereaftei continued or adjudged to any indi ■
vidual m individuals, shall, by thi> aiiicie, be gianted to
said State
Fifth,« That five pei centum of the net proceed- of -•ale^
of all public hinds lying within said State which '-hail be r
sold by Congress after the admission of said State into the
Union, alter deducting all the expenses incident to the s.ime, ■
shall be paid to said State toi the puipo-e of making pubhe
roads and internal jinpiovements, as the LegHaiuic shall
direct: Provided, The foregoing propositions herein ofieted 1
are on the condition that the said convention which shall >
form the constitution ot said State shall provide, by a clause
in said constitution, or an oidinance, irrevocable without '
the consent of the United States, that said State shall never j
interfere with the pnmary disposal of'the soil within the ;
same by the United States, or with any regulations Cj>n- \
gress may find necessary for *>ecui ing the title m said soil to |
bona fule puichasers theieof; and that no tax shall he im- !
posed on lands belonging to the United States, and that m 1
no ease ^hall non-resident proprietors be taxed higher than :
residents. j
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman from !
Pennsylvania to let my amendment come in now. !
Mr. GROW. The gentleman from Georgia j
has a motion before the House to commit the bill ;
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of j
the Union, so that no amendment is in order. I
Mr. Speaker, I have but a single remark further '
to make on this question. While I cannot sane- !
tion or permit a discrimination to be made be- I
tween the people of different Territories, still less j
could I vote for a constitution which shuts the j
doors of the courts of justice against any human 1
being, no matter what his condition or rank in j
life. One of the provisions of the constitution of !
Oregon provides that certain persons, who are rec- i
ognized as citizens of some of the States of the
Union, cannot "maintain a suit in the courts of
that State." Aconstitution of apeople applying
to Congress for admission into the Union, is of no
bindingforceoveffectuutil it leceives the sanction
of Congress. My vote shall never give vitality or
effect to a constitution of any people which closes
the doors of justice against any human being, I
care not what his rank, color, or condition in life.
The more humble, lowly, despised, and friend-
less he is, the more need he has of the protection
of the courts of justice. I rccognize the right,
under the constitution, for any State of the Union
to fix the political status of its citizens. On that
I make no point. But when the courts are closed,
and justice is denied to a man born on American
{ soil, and reared to manhood under the flag that
] floats over us; when he is debarred the protection
of life, person, and property.in courts of justice, i
no organic law of any people, with such a pro-'
vision, can receive my approval. If the House
1 chooses to do it, make the record, and then pro-
! claim to the world that your boasted republican-
. ism consists in closing the doors of justice against
, a whole class of men born on American soil, be-
| cause they are poor, despised, and friendless,
i Make the record, and then proclaim to the world
j that your boasted republicanism is a realization
j of the barbarism described by the Chief Justice
; of the Supreme Court, that one class of citizens
i have no rights that the others are bound to re-
spect.
Sir, for these reasons briefly expressed, I am
opposed to the admission of Oregon at this time,
j and, under the circumstances, as a State into the
' Union. j
| Mr. HUGHES. As a member of the Com-!
i mittee on Tet ritories, I concurted in lecommund- I
' ing the admission of Oregon. As a citizen, exult- j
! ing in the spread of our institutions and our ;
; empire, I feel a deep interestin its consummation. !
! As a Representative of the people, I esteem it not I
r only a duty, but a high privilege, to give it my ]
j support. |
I A little over two years ago, a great party was j
i organized m this country, which shook the world j
| with its thunder m favoi of " freedom," and, at j
. one spring, well nigh seized the supreme power \
1 of the Government. Us spccml mission and put- 'I
j pose were proclaimed to be the admission of free j|
; States, and free States only, into our American ;[
Union. By its artful appeals to the passionate
' love of liberty imbedded in the hearts of our peo- jj
! pie, it consolidated a mighty power. j!
1 As its first political woik, overleaping all es- ij
; tablished forms,all sound conservative principles, !■
! it took to its arms Kansas, with her Topeka con- ]|
, sutuuon, and clamored for her admission into j;
| the Union, not as a peaceful and dutiful daughter jj
i of the Republic, but as the child of revolution, i'
anarchy, and rebellion. There the great rmasion !j
, of this paity appears to have begun and ended; \\
■ for when (he hour arrived tlmt even Kansas could !:
1 have been molded at its will by the sure and ij
' simple process which all Americans understand ij
so well, of dropping a ballot in the box, seven !
■ thousand out of rune thousand registeied voters jj
; abjured the high calling of fiecmen, and refused !i
j to go to the polls. Then came Minnesota, a free
' State, and they opposed her. And to-day I have j
caused myself to be convcyed to this House from |
! a sick room to witness the spectacle of this great i
; party's opposition to the admission of Oiegon, j
j and to aid with my voice and my vote in prevent- j
I ing the accomplishment of Us purposes. !
Oregon ought to be admitted, as a State, into !
J the Union. There are many good reasons for it, j,
t and no reasons that ought to prevail against it.
i The act of admission is already half completed;
, the bill befoie us passed the Senate by a vote off!
; 35 to 17, months ago, receiving in that body the jj
| support of men of every party. This, too, was
i on the 19th of May, 1858, two weeks after the
j passage of the English bill, a measure which is
, now invoked by some of the peculiar champions
: of " free institutions," to excuse this, their sec-
! ond attempt, to keep a free State out of the Union,
I which happens to come as a Democratic State.
1 It rests with us? to say whether Oregon shall
! become one ofthe "United States of America. This
; House will have tha higli privilege of adding to
; our national constellation a sccond Pacific star;
j or the odious responsibility of rejecting an appli-
i cation, not only just and meritorious, but made
upon the solemn invitation, and supported by the
solemn guarantee, of Congress. A 'formidable
opposition is arrayed against this measure, and
now shows itself in open hostility; therefore, it
is proper to set before the House the claims of
Oregon, and to examine the grounds upon which
they are denied." *
The Territory of Oregon was organized by act
of Congress in 1848; and that act, in express
terms, declares:
" That the inhabitants of said Territory shall be entitled to
enjoy all and singular the rights, privilege*, and advantages
granted and secured to the people of the territory of the
United States noithwcj*t of the river Ohio, by the articles
ot compact contained in the oidinance for the government
of said territory, on the 13th day of July, 1787."
In other words, the provisions of the famous
ordinance of 1787 were put in force in the Terri-
tory of Oregon by act of Congress.
The fifth article of compact, in that ordinance,
contains the following clause:
u And whenever any of the said States shall have sixty
i thon*-and tree inhabitants theiein, such State shall he ad-
I untied, by its Delegates, into the Congress of the United
j Stales:, on an equal tfiotmg with the original Statesin all re-
: ppeets vvhatevei,nnd shall bent libeitv to form a permanent
! constitution arid State government: Provided, The con-
| stitution and government, so to be formed, shall be repub-
lican, and in confoiniii} to the pnnciples contained in these
aiticles ; and. so far as it can he consistent wuh the general
interest of the Confcdeiacy, such admission shall be al-
lowed at an eaiher period, and when there may be a less
numbei of free inhabitants in the State than sixty thou-
sand."
Here is an enabling act for Oregon, pledging to
her people admission into the Union with sixty
thousand free inhabitants, or even with a less
numb'er, if " consistent with the general interest
of the Confederacy."
In pursuance of this guarantee, the people of the
Territory, when they attained to the number of
sixty tixmsand, m the year 1854, took'a vote
upon a question of coming into the Union, and
decided against it. Again, in the year 1855, an-
other votn was -taken on this question, and the
decision was still the same. The people of this
infant State, at that time, preferred to leave*the
expenses of their territorial government, amount-
ing annually to about thirty-four thousand dol-
lars, to be defrayed outof the national Treasury,
to assuming the burdens of taxation incident to a
sovereign State.
They remained contented with their territorial
government, engaged in agriculture and trade,
developing the resources of Oiegon, growing in
wealth ond numbers, and accumulating, steadily,
all the elements of a prosperous and powerful
State, until, at length. Congress, desirous per-
haps of relieving the national Treasury of the
annual expense of supportinga local government
for a people so well able to pay their own ex-
penses, and perceiving, their funess, in all re-
spects, to become a State of the Union, took the
initiative, and proposed an enabling act for Ore-
gon. It passed this House on the 31st of Janu-
ary, ]£o7, with so little opposition that the yeas
and nays were not even ordered.
In the-Senate it was favorably reported upon,
and failed to pass only for want of time.
The Territorial Legislature of Oregon being in
session at the time when the enabling act passed
the lower House of Congress, with so little op-
position, and was favoiably icported upon in the
Senate, took it for granted, as vthey well might,
that it would become a law, and made the neces-
sary provision for framing a constitution under it.
The constitution now presented to us is there-
suit. So that the proceeding which brings it here
was put in motion by this House. The Senate,
though they failed, for want of time, to pass the
enabling act, have acccpted the constitution,
which is its fruit, and passed the bill for the ad-
mission of Oregon; and now her application comes
to us sanctioned decidedly by both Houses of
Congress, and commcndcd by the regular, orderly,
and harmonious action of her people. Who now
proposes to shut the door in the face of this invited
guest? Why, strange to say, the leader of the
movement, the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Grow,] who makes the minority report
against Oregon, is the same Representative who
reported 4the enabling act, advocated'it, and su-
perintended its passage through the |Jouse« This
is a remarkable change of front.
The tergiversations of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, as an individual, are not of suffi-
cient importance to require any comment from
