948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
mo in the presence of this House; but, in this
matter, he seems to be a representative man, re-
flecting the common sentiments, and cooperating
in the common policy, of a large number, per-
haps a majority, of his party. In that light, his
course is significant, and a fit subject for examin-
ation. I am not altogether unprepared for this
opposition to the admission of Oregon. There
is a party movement behind it. Aside from other
evidences, which I will riot take lime to enumer-
ate, the newspapers of the Republican party have
announced "what we witness here to-day, and
furnished the reasons, or some of them at least,
upon which it is expected to justify this opposi-
tion. I beg leave to lay before the House two or
three illustrations. The first which I present, I
suspect, is very inaccurate in the use of the
names of certain members of this House, but not
in representing substantially the line of policy
contemplated at that date to defeat the admission
of Oregon. From the New York Times, of De-
cember 17, 1858, I read the following extract
from its "Washington correspondence:
"At one time it was anticipated the Oregon bill would
become a law at an early day m the session, with little or
no opposition. Some facts, however,have just leaked out
which develop a well-laid plan lor the defeat of the bill.
Mr. Davis, of Maryland—
That, sir, would have been prophetic if Mary-
land had been Indiana—
—"will move an amendment in the nature of an 'en-
abling act5 for Kansas, and this will receive the united sup-
port of the Republicans., with some Democratic reciuitF.
Mr. Hora.ce I«\ Clark and Mr. John Cochrane of New
York, aie among those pledged to its support. It is ex-
pected the Speaker will lule the amendment out o'f order.
Indeed, the leaders of the plot admit that such an amend-
ment would be out of older, antPto dodge the 51st rule they
will chii&ten their bantling a ' jnibsumte.' An appeal will
be taken from the mime of The Speaker, and the combina-
tion formed, it believed, will be able to sustain the ap-
peal, and adopt the substitute. Tin? being done, ancv com-
bination will take place, and the Black Republicans voting
with the Lecompton Democrats will detent the whole hill.
It js possible thai Oregon would have the casting vote should
the lie.u presidential vote by thiovvn into the House, and
hence the Republican anxiety .to defeat the bill admitting
her as a State. The whole thing ha- been managed up to
this time with the greatest secrecy, but f muidet will out.'55
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I v/as not listening
when the gentleman read the extract from the
Times. Did the gentleman allude to me ?
Mr. HUGHES. I merely said, that if,instead
of Mr. Davis, of Maryland,"it had said Mr. Davis,
of Indiana, it would have really been prophetic.
Instead of Mr. Daiis, of Maryland, it tinned out ,
to be Mr. Da\is, of Indiana, who moved an en-
abling act for Kansas.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I do not understand
that I have moved an onablingact.
Mr. HUGHES. Weil, we will not dispute
as to the construction of the gentleman's amend-
ment.
More than a month after the appearance of the 1
foregoing communication to the Times, I find the i
following telegraphic news in the New York i
Courier and Enquirer, of the 8th of January: '
" Washington, Fridau N%ght.—The Republican caucus j
to-mght has decided to vote against the admirf.-ion of Ore- j
gOff."
And we have now before us the record show- !
ing that the Republican party has three times re-
fused a suspension of the rules to permit this bill i
to be reported. j
Mr. G1LMAN. Do I understand the gentle- !
man to say that the Republican party> in ifscau- !
cus, determined to oppose the admission of Ore- ■
gon as a State into thf Union ?
Mr. HUGHES. I read fiom a telegraphicdis- i
natch to a Republican newspaper. I do not place ■
much reliance upon information from such a
source, as a general thins;; but it ought to be good
authority with the gentleman from Maine. ° '
And again, as the plot draws nisher to its con- •
summation, the following summaiy statement of ,
the reasons upon which Republican members of '
this House base their opposition to the admission
of Oregon, is sent, out to the country through the
columns of the New York Tribune, of January
11,1*850: ' .
" Frotaau Occasional Correspondent.
.. _ . _ "Washington, January 8, 1839.
,  111K XRFG0N' Bnj,.-—You arc avvaic that very luanv of
the Republicans ot the Hon^e have determined to oppose
tire bill for the admission of Oiegon. Inasmuch as the in-
troduction or free. States into the Union i> a mime object of
tneivepubhean part}. its fnends will natural]v wi;h to know
the reason for this depasture from us settled"policy. ■
v xho reason is at hand. It is found in the character of
tne constitution which tiie miscalled4 Democracy' of Ore-'
gan has framed for the future government of its people.
Concede, tor the argument's sake, that that instrument is.
technically,4 republican in form,' and therefore within tiie
letter of the requisition of the United States Constitution ;
yet, in some vital particulars, it is not tepubhean in its
spirit, but, on the contrary, is oligarchical and aristocratic.
" f. It inhibits theimmigration of free negroes and mulat-
toes; in reality, it excludes this class of people from the
State. Of course, tins is at war with that provision of the
Federal Constitution which insures to the citizens of any !
State the privileges and immunities of citizens.m each and }
all the States. In many States of the Union, negroes are :
citizens, and enjoy all the privileges and immunities of the [
most favored class of citizens. * j
" But their exclusion from the inchoate State of Oregon j
is more than a violation of the Federal Constitution. It is j
ho&tile to the genius of free institutions, -the liberal spirit of ;
the age, and the goldfen precepts of the Christian faith. We j
I will not odd that it 13 anti-Democratic, because, as ' Do- >
i mocracy' is defined in the creed, and illustrated m the j
j conduct of its cuirent profe^ors, we think this despotic, j
i and a diabolical provision is eminently Democratic. '
j "II. It prohibits free negroes and mulauoesfrom holding !
j real estate, or making contracts, or maintaining suits in '
t any of the 'couns of the State. This prohibition is subject';
| to the same constitutional objection as that which forbids i
; immigration. It is more infamous than that inhibition. No-
I gtoes may po?sibly get into the State ; they may be found i
j on its soil. This inhuman clause of its constitution denies ;
j them a home, or even a hovel. It forbids their working for J
! hire; and,when outiaged by the grossest attacks upon their i
I lives, liberties, or properties, it leaves them remediless. I
| This is barbarous. It would disgrace the twilight civihza- !
: tion of the dark ages. It would befit the savage'institutions'
i (it they have institutions ot any sort) of the Pegee Islands.
I It is worthy only of the Democracy of Oregon.
| "III. While free negroes and mulattoes are forever ex-
! eluded from the right of snffiage, tin; ballot-boxes are thrown
; open to all ahensof all chmes—' Panhians.and Mede<, and I
i Elamites5—provided there be no tinge of Afiican blood in !
j their veins. Many of our friends think that the attempt, ]
1 now becoming common, to oveiride the true intent of the j
i Fedeial Constitution, by clothing with one of the highest :
j privileges of citizenship those who are not now and may !
S n.ever become citizens, ought to be resisted whenever the .
j issue is piesented. The Oiegon Constitution flings it in the j
i face oT Cong! ess. and it is believed that Republicans and
( Amencans in the House will rebuke and repel it.
; " IV. Many Republicans oppose the admission of Oregon
! because of the paucity of its population They allege that
j the opinion is gaining ground, both in Congress and thiough-
' out the countiy, that, as a general rule, Territories should
| not be admitted to the Union until the inhabitants are equal
; in amount to the numher requned fcr a Representative in
' the lower House. It is believed that Oregon has scarcely
j moie than half thi^ number. Those who ic&ist the bill tor
, this iea?oii claim that it is not inconsistent with their read-
i mess to admit Kansas with a similar population, because
i that Trtmtory is, by universal consent, an exception to
! geneial rnlcs on this subject.
( " V. The bill is opposed, also, because of the invidious
i distinction it institutes between Oregon and Kansas. Bv the
1 English bill of the last session, the 'Democracy5 forbade Kan-
. sa<, in ease .she lepudiatedthe Lecompton swindle, to frame
anothei constitution until her population equaled the num-
, benequned for a Representative it> Congress. Using the
j argumenlum ad hominem, the Republicans insist that what
j was,f Demociatic' in regard to Kansas is equally Demo-
1 eiatic in respect to Oregon. They, therefore, piopose that
: Jo. Lane and Delazon Smith shall tarry in tertitoria! Jcu
cho till their senatonal beaul* acqune as ample dimensions
as those piescnbed for the prospective consenpt fathers of
j i Kansas.
ji "Puch are the grounds, sketched in ,mere outline, on
I which Republicans who oppose the bill lor the admission of
, Oiegon plant their feet."
. This 4'occasional correspondent" seems to un-
, derstand the subject. He states the case with
| considerable candor; and with one very brief, but 1
! important, addition, I shall accept his statement '
1 as a fair exposition of the grounds of Republican
opposition to fhe Oregon bill.
I _ 1 would add, that the approach of a presiden-
j tial election had made it expedient that the Demo-
, cratic State of Oregon should be kept out of the i
; Union, free State though she be, until after 1860.
■ Her electoral vote, her two Democratic Senators,
and above all, her representation in the ncxtCon-
gress, where the organization of the House, and '
perchance the choice of a President, might be de-
termined by hf.r vote, render her a most unwel- 1
come visitor at the present time, ,
I wonder if this occasional correspondent is a !
'member of Congressr If so, he must already
have secured his return, for it is not often you 1
' fmd a Republican so frank in proclaiming his ad- !
heronee to " negro equably"' before an election ! ;
have now arrived at a point where the Re- '
publican party ot tins House oppose the atimis- \
s on oi a iree State into this Union, bccause its '
c- nstitution does not make the negro the equal of
tne ru-tivc-born white man, and the foreign-born
, white man the inferior of the negro. These hypo-
, critical professors of "popular sovereignty," who s
' denounce ihe Dred Scott decision, and deny that i
: the Constitution of the United States carries Af 
j rican slavery into the Territories, would refuse ;
to a sovereign State the pmver to exclude free ne- J
groes, and maintain that the Constitution carries
"negro equality" everywhere—not alone into
Tenitories, but into States also.
Mr. STANTON. I suppose the gentleman
from Indiana desires to represent this side of the
House correctly.
Mr. HUGHES. I let the New York Tribune
speak for it.
Mr. STANTON. I beg pardon. This side
prefers to speak for itself.
Mr. HUGHES. I cannot yield now. I should
be happy to hear the gentleman. It is a pleasure
often permitted to the House, but one i cannot
allow myself now to enjoy, being under a pledge
to give part of my time to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Nichols.] .
Mr. STANTON. Then the gentleman declines
to permit any correction. I want to have'thatin
the gentleman's speech.
Mr. HUGHES. Yes; write it outand-send it
over, and I will put it in my speech.
Let the Republican party stand by this issue.
Let them put themselves upon the recoid. Let
them vote against Oregon. When they stand
unmasked before the world—in every American
sense, hosies humani generis—one look upon their
unvaried faces will be enough-for their constitu-
ents.
Go, then, freedom-shrieker 1 Vote against Or-
egon. But remember, you vote against the com-
pact of the ordinance of 1787, expressly extended
to that Territory by act of Congress. You vote
against "popular sovereignty," and deny to the
people of Oregon the right to " regulate their do-
mestic institutions in their own way." You vote
for negro equality, and plant yourself in opposi-
tion to the "Constitution of your country, which
you have sworn to support. You vote to deny
to the white foreigner that which your enlarged
philanthropy claims for the negro who happens
to be born in the UnitedStates. You vote to keep
a free State out of this Union—a State which
comes on our own invitation, and comes in the
most orderly, regular, and appropriate way.
There are some of you that will not do this thing,
and some that dare not. Upon those who do, I
invoke the condemnation of an intelligent and
patriotic people.
Sir, I propose now to make some observations
on the question of population, and to inquire how
far the case of Oregon comes within the rule ap-
plied to Kansas in the English bill. There are
those in this Housa who sincerely believe that,
unless extraordinary circumstances exist, form-
ing a just exception, no State ought to be ad-
mitted into this Union with less population than
that required for a member of Congress, and who
have evinced their loyalty to tins principle by
their votes. I profess to be one of that number.
To such I would respectfully addiess myself, in
the earnest hope that I may remove any appa-
rent difficulties, growing out of the rule, affecting
the admission of Oregon.
There may be those in this House who, having
never acknowledged the principle of population
referred to, but denied it, and voted against it,
seek now to invoke it, as a pretext to cover up
their opposition to Oregon, for partisan and other
purposes. These I can neither hope to convince
nor persuade; but 1 may expose them, by con-
trasting their present position with their past acts,
and thereby destroy the moral force of every ar-
gument adduced by them, drawn from the ques-
tion of population. I desire to be understood,
not as reflecting upon individuals personally, but
speaking, of men in a representative capacity.
On this question of population, there may be
some diversity of opinion among those who ad-
here to the rule requiring a representative ratio,
as to the manner of its application. Some may
stand for its rigid and literal enforcement, others
only for a substantial compliance with it. With
the latter class there can be no difficulty what-
ever in'thc case of Oregon.
The actual population of Oregon is a question
of fact. The evidence before this House, and the
best evidence which the diligence of any member
can procure, indicates that, at the present time,
the population of Oregon is fully up to the num-
ber of ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty. I do not intend to go into details upon
this question of fact; but will append'to my re-
marks, in print, the statement of the Delegate
from Oregon on that subject, already in posses-
sion of the House. I also beg leave to quote, for
