330
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 14,
35th Gong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Provided, nevertheless, That nothing herein con-
tained shall be construed to deprive the courts of
the several States of jurisdiction under the laws
thereof over offenses declared punishable by this
law.
Approved, February 5,1859.
Chap. XXYI.—An Act granting the Right of
Way over, and Depot Grounds on, the Mili-
tary Reserve at Port Gratiot, in the State of
Michigan, for railroad purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Itepre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the right of way through and the
privilege of constructing depots and work-shops
on the public lands of the United States lying in
the county of St. Clair, State of Michigan, com-
monly called the Fort Gratiot military reserva-
tion, be, and the same is hereby, granted to any
railroad company or companies which may con-
struct a railroad or railroads from the city of De-
troit, or any other place in said State, to or near the
village of Port Huron, in said State: Provided,Th at,
in theopinion ofthe PresidentoftheUnited States,
such grant or grants be not injurious to the pur-
poses of public defense, and that the location of
said builBings on, and such road or roads as to po-
sition and width through said reservation, and the
price of the land to be so occupied, being first de-
termined by the Secretary of War, be approved
by the President: And provided, further, That, if
the price of such grant or grants be not paid with-
in thirty days after the approval of the President,
or if either of said roads shall not be completed
■within three years, or if, at any time after its
completion it shall be discontinued,the grant shall
cease and determine as to such road: And provided,
further, That all the buildings to be erected upon
said reservation shall be of wood; and if, at any
time, it should be deemed expedient by the com-
manding officer of Fort Gratiot, or by any other
higher military authority, to destroy such build-
ings by fire or otherwise, no claim shall be made
against the United States for damages.
Approved, February 8, 1859.
Chap. XXVII.—An Act to provide for the Pay-
ment of the Claims of the State of Maine, for
Expenses incurred by that State in organizing
a Regiment of Volunteers for the Mexican
War.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of America inCongress
assembled, That the accounts of the State of Maine
for expenses incurred by that Slate in organizing
a regiment of volunteers for the Mexican war, in
the year eighteen hundred and forty-six, upon
the requisition of the President of the United
States, shall be audited and settled by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury Department,
pursuant to the provisions of an act approved
June second, eighteen hundred and forty-eight,
to "refund money for expenses incurred, sub-
sistence, or transportation furnished for the use
of volunteers during the present war, upon being
mustered into the service of the United States,"
in the .same manner in all respects as if the said
regiment had been mustered and received in the
service of the United States; and the amount
found to he due to the State of Maine shall be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
Abproved, February 9, 1859.
Chap. XXVIII.—An Act to authorize the At-
torney General to represent the United States
in thp Proceeding in Equity, now pending in
the Supreme Court between the Commonwealth
of Massachusetts and the State of Rhode Isl-
and and Providence Plantations.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatioes ofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled. That the Attorney General is hereby
authorized and directed to intervene and repre-
sent the United States in the proceeding in equity
now pending in the Supreme Court between the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the State
of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations, and
to consent on behalf of the United States, to the
adjustment of said suit by a conventional line to
be agreed upon by the parties, and confirmed by
a decree of said court, if, in his judgment, the
rights and interests of the United States will not
be prejudiced thereoy.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in case
such suit shall be adjusted as aforesaid, and a
conventional line shall be agreed upon, and con-
firmed by a decree of the court as aforesaid, such
line shall be taken and deemed to be, for all pur-
poses affecting the jurisdiction of the United
States, or of any Department of the Government
thereof, the true line of boundary between said
Commonwealth of Massachusetts and the State
of Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.
Approved, February 9, 1859.
Chap. XXXIII.—An Act for the admission of
Oregon into the Union.
Whereas the people of Oregon have framed,
ratified, and adopted a constitution of State gov-
ernment which is republican in form,and in con-
formity with the Constitution o,f the United States,
and have applied for admission into the Union or
an equal footing with the other States: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Hoitse of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of Americain-Congress
assembled. That Oregon be, and she is hereby,
received into the Union on an equal footing with
the other States in all respects whatever, with the
following boundaries : In order that the bounda-
ries of the State may be known and established,
it is hereby ordained and declared that the State
of Oregon shall b'e bounded as follows, to wit:
beginning one marine league at sea due west
from the point where the forty-second parallel of
north latitude intersects the same ; thence north-
erly, at the same distance from the line of the
coast, lying west and opposite the State, includ-
ing all islands within the jurisdiction ofthe United
States, to a point due west and opposite the mid-
dle of the north ship channel of the Columbia
river; thence easterly, to and up the middle chan-
nel of said river, and, where it is divided by isl-
ands, up the middle of the widest channel thereof,
to a point near Fort Walla-Walla, where the
forty-sixth parallel of north latitude crosses said
river; thence east, on said parallel, to the middle j
of the main channel of the Shoshones or Snake i
river; thence up the middle of the main channel
of said river, to the mouth of the Owyhee river;
thence due south, to the parallel of latitude forty-
two degrees north; thence west, along said par-
allel, to the place of beginning, including jurisdic-
tion in civil and criminal cases upon the Columbia
river and Snake river, concurrently with States
and Territories of which those rivers form a
boundary in common with this State.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said
State of Oregon shall have concurrent jurisdiction
on the Columbia and all other rivers and waters
bordering on the said State of Oregon, so far as
the same shall form a common boundary to said
State, and any other State or States now or here-
after to be formed or bounded by the same; and
said rivers and waters, and all the navi^ible
waters of said State, shall-be common highways
and forever free, as well as to the inhabitants of
said State as to all other citizens of the United
States, without any tax, duty, impost, or toll
therefor.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, until
the next census and apportionment of Representa-
tives, the State of Oregon shall be entitled to one
Representative in the Congress of the United
States.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the fol-
lowing propositions be, and the same are hereby,
offered to the said people of Oregon for their free
acceptance or rejection, which, if accepted, shall
be obligatory on the United States and upon the
said State of Oregon, to wit: First, that sec-
tions numbered sixteen and thirty-six in every
township of public lands in said State, and where
either of said sections, or any part thereof, has
been sold or otherwise been disposed of, other
lands equivalent thereto, and as contiguous as
may be, shall be granted to said State for the use
of schools. Second, that seventy-two sections
of land shall be set apart and reserved for the use
and support of a State university, to be selected
by the Governor of said State, subject to the ap-
proval of the Commission#-of the General Land
Office, and to be appropriated and applied in such
manner as the Legislature of said State may pre-
scribe for the purpose aforesaid, but for no other
purpose. Third, that ten entire sections of land,
to be selected by the Governor of said State, in
legal subdivisions, shall be granted to said State
for the purpose of completing the public build-
ings, or for the' erection of others at the seat of
government, underthedirection of the Legislature
thereof. Fourth, that all salt springs withm
said State, not exeeding twelve in number, with
six sections of land adjoining, or as contiguous
as may be to each, shall be granted to said State
for its, use, the same to be selected by the Gov-
ernor .thereof within one year after the admission
of said State, and when so selected, to be used or
disposed of on such terms, conditions, and regu-
lations as the Legislature shall direct: Provided,
That no salt spring or land, the right whereof is
now vested in any individual or individuals, or
which may be hereafter confirmed or adjudged
to any individual or individuals, shall by this
article be granted to said State. Fifth, that five
per centum of the net proceeds of sales of all pub-
lic lands lying within said State which shall be
sold by Congress after the admission of said State
into the Union, after deducting all the expenses
incident to the same, shall be paid to said State,
for the purpose of making public roads and in-
ternal improvements, as the Legislature shall di-
rect: Provided, That the foregoing propositions,
herea^fore offered, are on the condition that the
peopBpf Oregon shall provide by an ordinance,
irrevocable without the consent of the United
Slates, that said State shall never interfere with
the primary disposal of the soil within the same
by the United States, or with any regulations
Congress may find necessary for securing the
title in said soil to bona fide purchasers thereof ;
and that in no case shall non-resident proprietors
be taxed higher than residents. Sixth, and that
the said State shall never tax the lands or the
property of the United States in said State : Pro-
vided, however, That in case any of the lands
herein granted to the State of Oregon have here-
tofore been confirmed to the Territory of Oregon
for the purposes specified in this act, the amount
so confirmed shall be deducted from the quantity
specified in this act.
fee. 5. And be it further enacted. That, until
Congress shall otherwise direct, the residue of
the Territory of Oregon shall be, and is hereby,
incorporated into, and made a part of the Terri-
tory of Washington. 1,'
Approved, February 14, 1859.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act for the Relief of the
Mobile and Ohio Railroad Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House cf Repre-
ser^tives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That whereas the State of Mississippi,
by its act approved on the twenty-eighth of Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, and the
State of Alabama, by its act approved on the first
of December, eighteen hundred and fifty-one, did
transfer to the Mobile and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany the lands which were granted to said States
under the provisions of the act of Congress ap-
proved the twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Mobile to the mouth of the Onio river,
the said transfers of said lands so made by said
States, respectively, to said company, are hereby
recognized, ratified, and confirmed, and the title
to all bona fide purchasers of said company are
also hereby confirmed, and that the time limited
by said original act of Congress for the comple-
tion of said railroad is hereby extended, and the
said company is allowed further time till the twen-
tieth of September, in the year eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, to complete the same, anything in •
said act to the contrary notwithstanding: Pro-
vided, nevertheless, That the said Mobile and Ohio
Railroad Company be subjected to, and shall com-
ply with, all the conditions, restrictions, and lim-
itations contained in the act of Congress above
referred to, approved the twentieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty: And provided, That
nothing herein contained shall be construed so as
