952
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
the Union as a State. Even if the constitution of
Oregon contained more obnoxious provisions than
it does, I would, under the circumstances, cheer-
fully vote for her relief from executive influence.
Mr, GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, being on the
Committee on Territories, from which this bill
emanated, I desire to speak a few words. This
bill to admit Oregon as a State into the Union
ought not to pass; and be it a free or slave State,
there are several substantial reasons why it should
not pass, and such as I hope will preveat its pas-
sage.
In the first place, it is unfair to attempt to crowd
it through, without the requisite number of in-
habitants, according to the rule presci'ibed for
Kansas. ■
It is now a law 6f Congress, that Kansas shall j
not beadmittediiUotheUnion until she can show, j!
by a legal census, that she has ninety-three thou- j
sand four hundred and twenty inhabitants, though ]
every man m Kansas should desire it. !
I am aware, sir, that by the same law she was
allowed to come in with half that number, more or ,
less, provided she \frould accept of a slavery con- j
stitution and come in as a slave State. ;
She refused to do so, though pressed to submit i
by the whole weight of the Administration. j
But that does not help this case. It only makes i
it worse. It makes it more unjust and inconsist- j
ent for the gentlemen on the other side, as the j
ninety-three thousand four hundred and twenty I
rule is one of their own making. j
And now, for them still to retain that law and j
refuse its repeal, and at the same time to insist on ;
the admission of Oregon with less than ninety- j
three thousand four hundred and twenty inhabit- ;
ants, may be a little too smait, !
It would seem the late summons to the Demo- |
cratic party " Be ye also ready," would admonish !
it that its days are numbered, and that it is time to j
begin to play fair. ;
One would think that the Administration had !
had enough of Kansas and slavery agitation not to ;
hold Kansas to the rule of ninety-three thousand '
four hundred and twenty, and at the same time to
insist on admitting another State, that has applied
since Kansas has, to come in with a much less '
number of inhabitants.
But if they think best to try agitation again,
they will find us at home, and ready to wait on
them.
Passing over the question of population, I ar-
rive at an objection much more formidable—one
that the frie,nds of the bill have hard work to get
over. It is, that the Oregon constitution, which
is sent here for us to sanction and which we do
sanction if we pass the bill, contains it provision
that allows unnaturalized foreigners to vctc at the
elections.
To vote for a laic, and more than that, to vote
for a constitution, that, in so many words, allows
foreigners, before they are naturalized, to vote for,
and perhaps elect, judges, Governors, members oj
Congressf and event to eicct the Pieshlent and Vice
President of the United States, is what I beg to be
excused from doing.
"Why, sir, allow foreigners to vote before they
arc naturalized! Allow foreigners to come here be-
fore they are naturalized and elcct a Presidentand
Vice President of the United States !
Mr. Speaker, they do not ask it. What does
this mean? Where are we drifting? What means
that clause of the Constitution that debars any
foreigner, naturalized or unnaturalized,fiom ever :
being a President or Vice President of this Re-
public, under any circumstances whatever? It
means what it says. It means that we should be
careful, and not admit foieigners to a controlling
influence in the Government of the country. They
are taken by the hand when they come to dwell
among us, and treated liberally, and quite gener-
ously, so far as citizenship and the right of suf-
frage are concerned; and, sir, they are satisfied
with it themselves.
Why mar the fair proportions of our glorious
Constitution with such an infraction?
I have many respected friends who arc foreign-
crsf naturalized and unnaturalized, who would
think less of me were I to do it.
I trust no Republican will be found voting that
way, even at the hazard of being called an Amer-
ican,
Sir, this alone is objection enough for ine. 1 will
vote for no constitution that allows foreigners to
vote before they are naturalized. Others can do it
if they think best; I will not.
There is another objection to this constitution
of Oregon, that ought.to outweigh everything that
can be said in its favor. It is neither more nor less
than a plain outspoken contradiction or violation of
the Constitution of the United States.
At article four, section two, " you may find
these words recorded:"
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to fill the
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several States."
Thus the Constitution expressly provides that
citizens of one State, going to another, are safe and
under protection of law.
The new constitution of Oregon, which we are
called upon to sanction by our votes, reads as fol-
lows:
" That nojrce negro or mulatto > not residing in the State
at the time of the adoption of this Constitution, shall come.
or Ac within this State, or hold any real estate, or make any
contiact, or maintain any suit therein ; and the Le%i$!utive
Assembly shall provide, "by penal laics, for the lemoval by
public officers, of all s;ueb fiee negio.es and viulatioes; and
for their effectual exclusion from the State; and for the pan
ishmentof persons who shall bring them in, or employ or
harbor them theiein
Sir, here is an undeniable contradiction—a bold
and defiant violation of an important provision of
the United States Constitution, and one that is in-
dispensable to the safety and protection of the peo-
ple of one State going to another, either on business
or to remain there. *
The citizens of other States who are, by the
Federal Constitution, secured in their right to
travel, and do business abroad in the Union, are de-
prived of such rights and privileges, by this consti-
i tution of Oregon.
j A vessel from New York, Boston, or Provi-
I dence, with o.mulatto captain, supercargo, or owner,
i as the case may be, is trading or whaling on the
1 Pacific, and has occasion to go into the mouth of
j the Columbia river to trade, or for supplies, or may
! be in distress, and by the time she has made fast
| to the shore, up steps the sheriff, and says to the
i captain or the owner, you are my prisoner.
j In vain the Constitution of the United States,
; the supreme law of the land, or the Jlag that floats
| aloft, is appealed to. He is a prisoner. He is an
; outlnxc—an outside baibarian without protection,
i and denied even a hearing in the courts of justice.
Sir, all this is enjoined by the constitution of
Oregon, and to which we are urged to add, ap-
; proved by the Congress of the United States.
j Never'! never! I most respectfully say to you,
; sir, and to the country, and to my constituents in
i particular, it never shall be done with "my consent,
i The Constitution of the United States (section
i four, article four) says:
"The United States «ha!l guaranty to every State in this
Union a republican fouu of government.'3
Mr. Speaker, is this the way to do it ? Toguar-
! anty to a new State, as she comes into the Union,
a constitution with unmistakable marks of des-
potism in her forehead?
Sir, this is ungenerous, unfair, and dishonor-
able towards Kansas—an unsafe and dangerous
i tampering with the right of suffrage, and a stab
] at the Constitution.
' Sir, if I am correct in my views, and I think I
. am, let me appeal to the honorable members of
. opposite political affinities to me, and particularly
, to my respected friend, the honorable chairman
; of the Committee on Territories and his honora-
ble politico! associates on that committee;.let mo
; appeal to them to consent for a moment to review
: their position in reference to this question, and
, to reconsider and decide anew on a question that
■ is beyond expediency merely, and which involves
, the integrity of the Constitution.
And may I not hope that trifling or temporary
considerations will not keep us apart, when the
' Constitution itself is in danger?
i To the honorable chairman, the gentleman from
Georgia—nurtured and reared, as I know he was,
' with me, in the true Whig faith—to him I appeal
■ with much confidence.
1 Though far remote, I once had sweet sympathy
, with him in his sacrifices and sufferings for his
i devotion to that true Whig faith—a failhihat I hope
; will not fail Ithn in the hour of trial, when the Con-
1 stitution is m danger.
! Mr. MONTGOMERY. Instead of calling for
! the previous question now, I suggest to the gen-
] tleman from Georgia that to-day, to-night, and
i to-morrow until four o'clock, p. m., be*devoted
' to the discussion of this bill, and that at that time
: the vote be tak^n.
| Mr. HOUSTON. What difference is there
j between to-morrow at four o'clock and Saturday
! morning? No business can be done between
i those times.
| Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, I do not sym-
; pathize with the attempt on either side of the
! House to give this debate a party or partisan
; character. Aside from my personal political po-
; sition, it does seem to me that the question we aie
1 now considering, involvingthc propriety of intro-
! ducing another member into this great Confeder-
i acy, is one that rises above and beyond mere
' party considerations and the political ephemera of
J the times. Jt would give me pleasure if I could
; bring my mind, consistently.with a sense of duty,
j to vote for the admission of this Territory now
! making her application, it is a source of pride,
1 of high gratification, to see haw our great Gov-
i ernment extends, indeed, I hope I may live long
| enough to see the time when it will be extended,
I not only to the Pacific, but extended, as I have
. no doubt it will eventually be, over the Gulf of
; Mexico, and to the Isthmus beyond. But, sir,
1 in considering the admission of a new State, some-
! thing more than mere national pride, something
■ more than mere desire of aggrandizement, sorae-
| thing more than mere temporary and party expe-
I diency is to be considered. It involves a question
; of high principle and an important precedent,
! which we ate not at liberty to disregard.
| In some remarks winch I had the honor to sub-
| mit to this House, now nearly twelve months
| ago, on the admission of another Territory, the
Territory of Kansas, I said that, "when the peo-
i pie of a Territory, being citizens of the United
; States, in numbers sufficient to give them a Rep-
[ resentative in Congress, united as a body politic
, under a constitution republican in its form, come
■ here and apply to us to be admitted, as a State,
j their right to admission is complete." -That doc-
| trine I then believed, and I now believe, to be
j sound, as applied to this question; and I reaf-
j firm it. I have submitted to the House, m the
j form of amendments, two distinct propositions
| which, if added to the bill as it came to us from
! the Senate, will secure to it my most hearty sup-
i port. The first relates touhe population of the
Territory now proposed to be admitted as a State.
This is hot a new question, nor is it made now
for the first time. It has already been remarked,
in the course of this debate, that the House of
Representatives, at the last session, passed an en-
abling act to enable Oregon to form a constitution
preparatory to her admission. I have before me
the report of the debate in the Committee of the
•Whole on the state of the Union, on that occa-
sion. A proposition, I see, was then submitted
having reference to the question of population,
by my fnendfrom South Carolina, [Mr. Boyce,]
during what is called the five minutes discussion
in committee. I will, by his permission, adopt
the remarks which he then made to the House,
as expressing m a neat and forcible manner what
I conceive to be the true doctrine on this question.
" Mr Boyce. I move to add at the e,pd of the first sec-
tion the following:
"Provided, it shall appear, on an official census,that the
population of Oregon amounts to mnety-three thousand
tour hundred and twenty.
"Mr.Criairmaii, no one e.\peeH to keep Oiegon out of the
Union; her admi^ion i= a question oi time; but it is im-
portant that die thouid come ;u vith a s-ufficient popula-
tion. The most impoitant principle in ltierence to the
admission of a new Htate is, that it shall have the proper
number of inhabitants. tYheie  •$ this thins to end, if a
meie hai;dCu! of men hero and thcie can form States for
II admission into tlm Utuou ? It is a mockery of our system
j1 of Government, that tinny, forty, or fifty thousand men,here
I or theic, or anywheie within our limits, shall he allowed
j ■ to -^end two Senators to the other House of Congress. Why,
I sir, it hungs our whole system into disrepute. What I in-
sist on is, that no new State shall be admitted until she has
j a population equal to that now neecssaiy to entitle her to a
i member in tins House. This a simple and just principle;
}, and I shall mss>t on its application to all States asking ad-
j; mission into the Union, wlieihei they come from the North
j; or the South.
I Has Oiegon this population? Itfoubtit. The honor-
able Delegate may b'; of the opinion that she has; but I no-
ticed the mhei davlhat an address was delivered in the city
of New York by the bwhop of the Tetritory—a gentleman,
X presume, of high character—in which he represented the
magnitude of Orrjron, bm only put down the population of
the Teiritoiy at fifty thousand. What we want is? that there
shall he a sufficient population. Give us good assurance of
that, and that moment we will readily agree to the admis-
nnssion of Oregon."
In these sentiments I certainly concur most cor-
