1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
331
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
to release the States of Mississippi or Alabama
from any liability inflposed upon them by the said
act of September twentieth, eighteen hundred and
fifty
Approved, February 18,1859.
Chap. LVIII.—An Act to authorize Settlers upon
sixteenth and thirty-six[th] sections, who set-
tled before the surveys of the Public Lands, to
preeempt their settlements.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That where settlements, with a view
to pieemption,have been been made before the sur-
vey of the lands in the field which shall be found
to have been made on sections sixteen or thirty-
six, said sections shall be subject to the preemp-
tion claim of such settler; and if they, or either
of them, shall have been or shall be reserved or
pledge^for the use of schools or colleges in the
State or Territory in which the lands lie, other
lands of like quality are hereby appropriated in j
lieu of such as may be patented by preemptors; |
and other lands are also hereby appropriated to !
compensate deficiencies for school purposes,wheie
said sections sixteen or thirty-six are fractional
in quantity, or where one or both are wanting by
reason of the township being fractional, or from
any natural cause whatever: Provided, That the
lands by this section appropriated, shall be se-
lected and appropriated in accordance with the
principles of adjustmentand the piovisions of the
act of Congress of May twentieth, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-six, entitled "An act to appro-
priate lands for the support of schools m certain
townships and fractional townships not before
provided for."
Approved, February 2G, 1859.
Ciiap. LIX.—An act to protect the Land Fund
for School Purposes in Sarpy County, Ne-
braska Territory.
Whereas, by the treaty between the United
States and the Omaha tribe of Indians, by which
said Indian tribe ceded their lands m the Terri-
tory of Nebraska to the United States, a reserva-
tion was made of a part of section thirty-six, in
town[ship] fourteen north, range thirteen east,
for the Presbyterian Board of Foreign Missions;
and whereas, by virtue of a joint resolution of
Congress, approved March third, eighteen hun-
dred *nd fifty-seven, a large portion of the re-
mainder of said section thirty-six has been pre-
empt-, leaving but a fraction for the use of
schools: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the supeiintendent of common
schools of the county of Sarpy, in which said
land is situated, shall be, and [he] hereby is, au-
thorized to select six hundred and forty acr^ of
any unoccupied public lands in said county in
subdivisions of not less than one quarter section,
in lieu of the aforesaid section thirty-six: Pro-
vided, That as soon as such selection shall be
made, it shall be the duty of such superintendent
to file a notice thereof, with a description of the
land selected, in the office of the register of the
land office in the Omaha land district, who shall :
thereupon withdraw such land so selected from ,
the list of lauds subject to preemption, or public ;
or private sale in said land distiict, and shall re- j
port the fact to the United States Commissioner .
of Public Lands, and ihe land so selected shall, :
after such filing with the register, belong to the
school fund of said county in all respects the same
as other school lands; and the fraction of said ;
section thirty-six remaining after satisfying the
terms of said treaty, and after said preemptions
as mentioned in the foregoing preamble, shall be
subject to preemption, public Bale, or private en-
try, the same as other public lands.
Approved, February 26, 1859.
Ciiap. LX.—An Act to incorporate the Wash-
ington National Monument Society.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre- ||
sentalives of the United States of America in Congress ;j
assembled, That, for the purpose of completing the j[
erection, now in progress, of " a great national
monument to the memory of Washington, at the
seat of the Federal Government," Wmfield Scott,
Walter Jones, John J. Aberr, James Kearney,
Thomas Carbery, Peter Force, William A. Brad-
ley, Philip R. Fendali, Walter Lenox, Matthew
F. Maury, and Thomas Blagden, (being the sur-
vivors of the persons mentioned in a certain grant
bearing date on the twelfth day of April, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and forty-eight,
by James K. Polk, then President of the said
United States, in virtue of a joint resolution of
Congress, approved on the thirty-first day of Jan-
uary, in the same year, of an authority to erect
a monument to the memory of George Washing-
ton, on reservation numbered three, in the said
city of Washington,) and, also, Jonathan B. H.
Smith, William W. Seaton, Elisha Whittlesey,
Benjamin Ogle Tayloe, Thomas H. Crawford,
William W. Corcoran, and John Carroll Brent,
and their successors to be eiectcd in the manner
hereinafter directed, shall bo, and [they] are
hereby, created a corporation, and body politic,
by the name and style of " The Washington
National Monument Society." !
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the ease- j
ment, and ali and singular the rights and privi- '<
leges conveyed in the aforesaid grant, shall be, :
and the same hereby are, vested in, and confirmed
to, the corporation and body politic hereinbefore :
created; and that any and ail pioperty and right !
of property of any and every kind and descnp- !
tion whatsoever, whether in possession, or in '
action, or m expectancy, which may at any time :
before the passing of this act have been acquired :
by the voluntary association heretofore known by :
the name of the Washington National Monument '
Society, or which may hereafter be acquired by j
the corporation and body politic hereinbefore ;
created, shall be, and the same hereby are, vested ■
in, and confirmed to, the corporation and body •
politic hereinbefore created; and that the said coi-
poration and body politic may apply to its uses, |
and for the purpose of completing the ei'oction of the !
monument aforesaid, according to such by-laws, ■
rules, and regulations, as it may, from time to .
time, hereafter, make and ordain, any and all |
property, of any and every kind, and description !
whatsoever, which is now appertaining to said '
monument, or which the corporation and body
politic hereby creatcd may hereafter acquire, by .
purchase, gift, or othei lawful means.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That it shall
be competent for the persons hereinbefore named i
and described as constituting the corporation and i
body politic hereby created, and their successors, ;;
to remove, by a vote of four fifths of the said ;
persons, any of their numbei; and the peison so ji
removed shall no longer be a member of said cor- ]|
poration and body politic, nor have any authority
therein: Provided, That for any other act within r
the legitimate objects of this corporation a quorum ||
of five shall be sufficient foi the tiansaeuon of j!
business: Provided, That notice of all meetings, |i
which may not be provided for in the by-laws .!
and ordinances of the corporation, shall be given
to all members thereof residing within the District ;
of Columbia.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That when j|
any vacancy shall happen in the said corporation ii
and body politic, from death or resignation, or ■!
otherwise, the remaining members thereof shall ;
elect and appoint a successor to fill the same, 1
within ten days after the happening of such va- h
cancy; and that, on failure to fill the same withm I
thirty days, it shall be the duty of the attorney
of the United States for the District of Columbia !
to proceed against the said corporation and body :
politic, by a writ of scire facias, for a forfeiture of
the charter hereby granted before the circuit court
of the District of Columbia, and the adjudication of j
that court thereon shall be conclusive. And should
this charter be so adjudged forfeited, the monu- l
ment and other improvements and property held
under the same shall be placed by the President
of the United States under the care and custody
of the Commissionerof Public Buildings, or such .
other officer of the United States as he may dos- I
ignate or appoint for the time being. i
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the said \\
corporation and body politic, hereinbefore created, |j
shall, by the name and style of the ^Washington ti
i National Monument Society,99 have perpetual
! succession; shall be capable to sue or to be sued,
to plead or be impleaded in any court of law or
equity in the United States; may have and use a
common seal, and the same may destroy, alter,
and renew at pleasure, and shall have power to
purchase, take, receive, and enjoy, to them and
their successors, any and all property, of any kind
and description whatsoever,for the purpose ofcom-
ple ting the erection of said monument; to dispose of
the same as they shall deem most conducive to the
object of completing the erection, now in progress,
of the monument aforesaid; to elect, so soon after
the passage of this act as may be convenient, such
officers as they may deem proper, and to make
and ordain such constitution, by-laws, ordinances,
and regulations consonant, to the objects of this
charter as they may deem expedient and proper,
and which shall not be repugnant to the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States; and to re-
peal, alter, and amend the same: Provided, always,
| That the President of the United States, for the
i time being, shall be ex officio president; and the
p Governors, for the time beingof thp several States
j| of the United States, shall be respectively ex officio
|; vice presidents of the said society, corporation,
i; and body politic, and that all meetings thereof
shall be held, and all records and papers thereof
'j kept at the said city of Washington.
Sec. 6. And he it farther enacted, That^this act
may at any time be altered, amended, or repealed
by the Congress of the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That ali laws,
acts, or resolutions, or any part of any law, act,
or resolution, inconsistent with this act, shall be,
;i and the same are hereby, repealed.
: Sec. 8. And be it farther enacted, That this act
ij shall be m fotcefrorti and after the passing thereof.
!j # Sec. 1). And be it further enacted, That nothing
■j in this act shall be so construed as to authorize
] this said corporation to issue any note, token,
i device, scnp, or other evidence of debt to be used
as a currency.
!| Sec. ](). And be it farther enactcd, That each of
i the corporators in *aid corporation shall be held
; liable, id his individual capacity, for all the debts
! and liabilities of said corporation, however con-
1 tracted or incurred, to be recovered by suit, as
I other debts or liabilities, before any court of com-
! potent jurisdiction: Piovidc/, however, That noth-
! mg herein contained shall be so construed as to
j render said corporators in said corporation indi-
vidually liable tor any debt or liability contracted
i in the name, or behalf of, the Washmgton*Na-
I tionai Monument Society at any time oripr to the
; twentieth day of October, one thousand eight hun-
; dred and fifiy-eicht.
i Approved, February 2G, 1859.
Ciiap. LX1V.—An Act to amend an act entirled
"An Aetuuthorizmg ElepaymentforLand erro-
neously sold by the United States."
Be it enactcd by the Senate and IIou^c of Repre-
sentatives of the L ailed Slate - of Am erica in Congress
anembled, That the act of Congre^, " authoi izing
repayment for Lmds eironeously sold bytheUm-
ted States," approved January twelfth, eighteen
hundred and tv/enty-five, be, and the same is
hereby, amended, so as to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Intt i tor, upon proof being made to his
satisfaction, that any tract of land has been erro-
neously sold by the United States, so that from
any cause whatevi i, the sale cannot be confirmed,
to repay to the purchaser or purchasers, or ti) the
legal representatives or assignees of the purchaser
or purchasers thereof, the sum or sums of money,
which may have been paid tin refor, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Sec. 2. [And] be it further enacted, Tha1, when-
ever any tiact of land has been erroneously '-oid,
as aforesaid, and the sum or sums o*'money which
may have been paid for the same, shall have been
invested in any stocks held in tim-t, or s!k 11 have
been.paid into the Treasury of the United State?,
to the credit of any trust fund, it shall be lawful
by the sale of such portion of the said stocks as
may be necessary for that purpose, or out of said
trust fund, for repayment of the purchase money
to be made to the parties entitled thereto.
Approved, February 23,
