S32
APPENDIX TQ THE CONGRESSIONAL GIOSE.
[February 28,
35TH G<iNa....2D SESS.
haws of the United States.
Ck<ap. LXV.—An Act giving the assent of Con-
gress to a Law of the Missouri Legislature for
•the -Application 'of the peseW«d two "per cent.
Land Fondtof •said'Staiie.
■ jBc it ettacM % -the Stnat'e and House of Refrr'e-
'sentdtives of ihr. TMite'd'States ofitl'm'erica in 'ConirttS
assembled, That 't'heassent of Congress'be, ana the
same ishereby,given to the atftof the Legislature
of the State of M'isstmrt,entitted " Ah &ct supple-
mental to an act to amend ' An'ffct to secure the
cotapletion df certain railroads in this Stete, and
for other purposes,' " approved on (he nineteenth
day of November, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, appropriating the two per centum of the
net proceeds of safes of public lands in said State,
reserved by existing laws to be expended under
the direction of Congress, buthereby relinquished
to that State ;'arid'that the proper accounting officers
"of the Government ate hereby authorized and re-
quired to a-Uifit and pay the accounts-for the skme,
as in the ease of the.'thr'ee per centum land fund
of sayi State.
Approved, February 28, 1859.
Chap. LXVI.—An Act making Appropriations
for the current and contingent Expenses of the
Indian Department, and for fulfilling Treaty
Stipulations with various Indian Tribes, for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and Sixty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the pur-
pose of paying the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and fulfilling
treaty stipulations with the various Indian tribes.
For the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, viz:
For the pay of superintendents of Indian affairs
and of the several Indian agents, per acts of fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty, twenty-eighth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty, twenty-
seventh February, eighteen hundred and fifty-one,
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-two,
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty three,
thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
eighteenth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
and twelfth June,eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,
eighty-seven thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
For (he pay of the several Indian sub-agents,
per act of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
■ fifty-four, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent at St.
Louis, Missouri, per act of twenty-seventh June,
eighteen hundred and forty-six, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
For the pay of clerk to superintendent in Cal-
ifornia, per act of third March, eighteen hundred
and fifty-two, one thousand eight hundred dollars.
For the pay of interpreters, per acts of thir-
tieth June, eighteen hundred and thirty-four,
twenty-seventh February, eighteen hundred and
fifty-one, and eighteenth August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, thirty-one thousand nine hun-
dred dollars.
For presents to Indians, five thousand dollars.
For provisions for Indians, eleven thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For buildings at agencies, and repairs thereof,
ten thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportarion, and necessary
expenses of delivery of annuities, goods, and
provisions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota,
Michigan, and Wisconsin, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For contingencies of the Indian department,
thirty-six thousand five hundred dollars.
For the employment of temporary clerks by
superintendent of Indian affairs, on such occa-
sions and for such periods of time as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may deem necessary to the
public service, five thousand dollars.
For fulfilling treaty stipulations with the vari-
ous Indian tribes:
Bluckfoot Nation.—For fourth of ten install-
ments as annuity, to be expended in the purchase
of such goods, provision's, and other-useful arti-
cles , as the Prestdoti't,,Kt his discretion, may from
time to tiiwe determine, per Wifrth .article of the
treaty of seventeenth '©ctdber, eSgteren hundred
and ■fift|r-&ve, twenty thousand dollars.
For fourth •often installJnfents aS annuity, to
be expended in es^ablishing.antli'nstTOctmg'thern
in agricultural ahd mechanical pursuits, and in
educating their children, jertd -promoting civiliza-
tion and Christianity, at "the discretion of the
President, per tenth article of the treaty of sev-
enteenth October, eighteen hundred and fifty-ifive,
fifteen thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation tend delivery of
annuities in goods and provisions, seventeen
thousand dollars.
Culapooias, Molalla, ahd 'Claehitnias Htdiims if
Willamette Valley.—For the last of five ihstall-
ments of annuity for beneficial objects, .per second
article of treaty twenty-second January, eighteen
hundred and fifty^five, teh thousand dollar.
For last of five installments for pay of phy-
sician, teacher, blacksmith, and farmer, pe'r'third
article treaty twenty-second J'ahu'a'ry, ei'ghteen
hundred and fifty-five, five thousand Seven hun-
dred dollars.
Chasta, Scoton, and Vmpqua Indians.—Fo'r fifth
of fifteen installments of annuity, to be expertde'd
as directed by the President, "per third article
treaty eighteenth November, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For fifth of fifteen installments for the pay of
a farmer, per fifth article treaty eighteenth No-
vember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For last of five installments for support of t\Yo
smiths and smiths' shops, per fifth article treaty
eighteenth November,eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, two thousand ode hundred twenty dollars.
For fifth of ten installment's for pay Of phy-
sician, medicines, ahd expense of care of the Sifck,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth Ntffetotei-j
eighteen hundred anfl fifty-four, one thousand
five hundred dollars.
For fifth of fifteen installments for pay of
teachers and purchase of books and stationery,
per fifth article treaty eighteenth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
two hundred dollars.
Chippewas of Lake Superior.—For two thirds of
eighteenth of twenty-five installments in money,
per fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, eight thousand three hundred and thirty-
three dollars and thirty-three cents.
For two thirds of eighteenth of twenty-five
installments for the pay of tvtro c*rpenters, per
fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen
hundred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, eight hundred dollars.
For two thu ds of eighteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments in goods, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, seven thousand
dollars.
For two thirds of eighteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand three hundred and thirty-three dollars
and thirty-three ccnts.
For two thirds of eighteenth-of twenty-five in-
stallments for the pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-eeven
cents.
For two thirds of eighteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the purchase of provisions and to-
bacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and fo'rty-two, and eighth arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand three hundred and
thirty-three dollars and thirty-three cents
For fifth of twenty installments in coin,goods,
household furniture, and -cooking•utensilsjiagri-
cultural implements ahd :cattle, carpenters' and
other tools and building m«<terials, and for moral
and educational purposes, per fourth article treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, nineteen thousand dollars.
For last of five installments, in blankets, cloths,
nets, guns, ammunition, and such other.articles
of necessity as they may require, to the Bois
Forte band, fte* twelfth "article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, two
thousand dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for -six Smiths
and assistants, pe'r second and fifth articles treaty
thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
fouT, five thousand and forty dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for thes'uppprt
of six smiths'sshops, per second and fifth articles
treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, one thousand three hundred and twen-
ty dollars.
For third of twenty-installments far thojsevent!)
•smith and assistant, and support of iShop, per
second and fifth articles treaty thirtieth Septem-
ber-,eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
and -sixty dollars.
For support of a fe-mith,assistant, and shop for
the Bois Forte band, during the pleasure of the
'President, per twelfth article treaty thirtieth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For support of two farmers for the Bois Forte
band, during the pleasure of the President, per
twelfth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen kpndred and fifty-four, one thousand two
hundred dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi.—For one third of
eighteenth of twenty fiv&installments, in money,
per fourth article treaty fourth Octo'ber, eighteen
hundred and foYfy-tw'o, sind eighth articl'e treaty
thirtieth September,-eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, four thousand one hundred and sixty-six
dollars and sixty-seven cents.
Fsr one third of eighteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the pay of two carpenters, per
fourth article treaty fourth October, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thir-
tieth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
four hundred dollars.
For one third of eighteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments in goods, per fourth article treaty fourth
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, and
eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, three thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For one third of eighteenth of twenty-jftre in-
stallments for the support of schools, per'fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of eighteenth of twenty-five in-
stsffinents for the purchase of provisions ahd to-
bacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, six hundred and sixty-six dollars
and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of eighteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for the support of two smiths' shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred and
sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of eighteenth of twenty-five in-
stallments for pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For fifth of twenty installments of annuity in
money, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty
thousand dollars.
Chippewas, Pillager*, trnd Lake Winnibigoshish
bauds.—For fifth of thirty installments of annuity
in money, per third article treaty twenty-second
Febroar,yt eigh-teeft hundred and fif'ty-Avej ten
