1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
335
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....2d Sess;
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments as an-
nuity in specie, per third article treaty twenty-
firstSeptember, eighteen hundred and thirty-two,
twenty thousand dollars.
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for
gunsmith, per fouith article treaty twenty-first
September, i*ighteen hundred and thirty-two, six
hundred dollars..
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for
iron and steel for shop, per fourth article treaty
twenty-first September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-two, two hundred and twenty dollars.
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for.
blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools, per
fourth article treaty twenty-first September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-two, eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments foriron
and steel for shop, per foul th article treaty twenty-
first September, eighteen hundred and thirty-two,
two hundred and twenty dollars.
For twenty-eighth of thirty installments for for-
ty barrels of salt and forty kegs of tobacco, per
fourth article treaty twenty-first September, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-two, one thousand dollars.
For interest on two hundred thousand dollars
at five per centum, per second article treaty twen-
ty-first October, eighteen hundred and thirty-
seven, ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dollars,at
five per centum, pci second article treaty eleventh
October, eighteen hundred and forty-two, forty
thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.—For interest on one
hundred and fifty-seven thousand four hundred
dollars, at five per centum, under the direction of
the President, per second article treaty twenty-"
first October, eighteen hundred and thirty-seven,
seventhousand eight hundred and seventydollars.
Seminoles.—For the third of ten installments for
the support of schools, per eighth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
three thousand dollars.
For the third of ten installments for agricultural
assistance, per eighth article treaty seventh Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two thou-
sand doHats.
For the third of ten installments for the support
of smiths and smiths' shops, per eighth article
treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-
six, two thousand two hundred dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as annuity,
per eighth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Senecas.—For permanent annuity in specie, per
fourth article treaty twenty-ninth September,
eighteen hundred and seventeen, five huudfcd
dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty seventeenth September, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel, during the pleasure of the
President, per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For miller during the pleasure of the President,
per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six hundred
dollars.
Senecas of New York.—For permanent annuity,
in hen of interest on stock, per act of nineteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six
thousand dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on seventy-
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six", three thousand seven hundied and fifty
dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-three
thousand and fifty dollais, transitu red from On-
tario Hank to the United States Treasury, per net
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundied and
forty-six, two thousand one hundred and fifty-
two'dnll-irs and fifty cents.
Senecas and Shrnvnees —For permanent annuity
in specie, per fourth article treaty seventeenth
September, eighteen hundred and eighteen, one
thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop during the pleasure
of thePresident, per fourth article treaty twentieth
July, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one thou-
ifcind and sixty dollars.
Shawnees.—For permanent annuity for educa-
tional purposes, per fourth article treaty third
August, seventeen hundred and ninety-five, and
third article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, one thousand dollars.
For sixth of seven annual installments of
money, in payment for lands, per third article
treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, one hundred thousand dollars.
For sixth installment of interest, at five per
centum, on forty thousand dollars for education,
per third article treaty tenth May, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty twenty-ninth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and seventeen, and
thiid article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Six Nations of New York.—For permanent an-
nuity in clothing and other useful articles, per
sixth article treaty eleventh November, seventeen
hundred and ninety-four, four thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Sioux of Mississippi.—For interest on three hun-
dred thousand dollars, at five per centum, pet-
second article treaty twenty-ninth September,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, fifteen thou-
sand dollars
For ninth of fifty installments of interest, at
five per centum, on one million three hundred and
sixty thousand dollars, per fourth article treaty
twenty-third July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
one, sixty-eight thousand dollars.
For ninth of fifty installments of interest, at
five per centum, on one hundred and twelve thou-
sand dollars, being the amount 111 lieu of the res-
ervations set apart in the third article of Senate's
amendment of twenty-third June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, to treaty twenty-third July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-one,five thousand six
hundred dollars.
For ninth of fifty installments of interest, at
five per centum, on one million one hundred and
sixty thousand dollars, per fourth article treaty
fifth August,eighteen hundred and fifty-one, fifty-
eight thousand dollars.
For ninth of fifty installments of interest, at
five per centum, on sixty-nine thousand dollars,
being the amountalloweu in lien of the reservation
of lands set apart by the third article of Senate's
amendment of twenty-third June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-two, to treaty fifth August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, three thousand four hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
Treaty of Fori Laramie.—For ninth of ten in-
stallments in provisions and merchandise, for
payment of annuities and transportation of the
same to certain tribes of Indians, per seventh
article treaty seventeenth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, and Senate's amendment
thereto, seventy thousand dollars.
Umpquas, (Vow Creek Band.)—For sixth of
twenty installments in blankets, clothing, provi-
sions, and stock, per third article treaty nineteenth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, five
hundred and fifty dollars.
Umpquas and Calapooiav,nf Uinpqua Valley, Ore-
jrOT!.—For the la.st of five installments of annuity
for beneficial objects, to be expended as directed
by the President, per third article treaty twenty-
ninth Novemli"r,eishteenliundicd and fifty-four,
three thousand dollars.
For fifthjjf ten installments for the pay of a
blacksmith, and furnishing shop, per sixth article
treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen hundrt d
and fifty-lour, one thousand five hundred dollars
For fifth of fifteen installments for the psyofa
physician and purchase of medicines, per sixth
art'ele treaty twenty ninth November, eighteen
hundred ami fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For fifth ot tell installments for the p.iy of a
farmer, per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth No-
vember, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one
thousand dollars.
For fifth of twenty installments for the pay of
a teacher and purchase of books'and stationery {
per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November^
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars. _
Winnebagoes.—For interest on on? million -one
hundred thousand dollars, at five per centum, ,pef
fourth article treaty first November, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven, fifty-five thousand dollars;
For thirteenth of thirty installments of interest
on eighty-five thousand dollars, atfive percentum,
per fourth article treaty thirteenth' October, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, four thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
Miscellaneous.—For insurance, transportation,
and necessary expenses of the delivery of Pawnee
annuity goods, five thousand dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in New Mexico, presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles, and
to assist them to locate in permanent abodes, and-
sustain themselves by the pursuit of civilized life,
to be expended under the direction of the Secre"-1
tary of the Interior, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For the compensation of three special agents
and four interpreters for the Indian tribes of Tex-
as, and for purchase of presents, fifteen thousand
dollars.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting, and
furnishing agricultural implements and stock for
the Indians in Texas, twenty-five thousand dol-
lars: Provided, That no part of the same shall be
expended for the establishment of the reserve
west of the Pecos river.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in the Territories of Oregon and
Washington, including insurance and transporta-
tion of annuities, goods, and presents, and office
and traveling expenses of the superintendent,
agents, and sub-agents, thirty-five thousand dol-
lais.
For defraying the expenses of the removal and
subsistence of Indians in Oregon Territory to the
reservations therein, aiding them in procuring
their own subsistence, purchase of provisions,
and presents, compensation of laborers, and other
employe's, fifty thousand dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the removal and
subsistence of the Indians in Washington Terri-
tory to the reservations therein, aiding them in
procuring theirown subsistence, purchase of pro-
visions and presents, and compensation of labor-
ers and other employes, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For the Indian service in California, to be ex-
pended under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, fifty thousand dollars. Arid the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs is hereby authorized,
by and with the consent of the Secretary of the
Interior, to increase the number of reseivationa
for Indian purposes m the State of California:
Provided, The aggregate amount of land so set
apart for reservations shall not. exceed one hun-
dred and twenty-live thousand acres: Provided
further, That, for the new reservations hereby
authorized, no Indian agents, sub-agents, over-
seers, or other officers or employes shall be ap-
pointed or employed under this act.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service m California, including traveling
expenses of the superintendent, agent, and sub-
agents, seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For the Indian sei vice in the Territory of Utah,
to be expended under the diieetion of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, forty-five thousand dollars.
For carrying into effect the twenty-fourth sec-
tion of the civil and diplomatic act of March thii d,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, the sum of nine-
teen thousand and forty-five dollars and seventy-
nine cents.
i Sec. 2. dud be it further enacted, That no part
! of the money hereby appropriated shall be used
| forthepurchase ofarms or ammunition to begiven
or furnished to .my of the Indians herein named,
u 1)1 • 3s such purohaav. ofarinsorammunition afore-
said be in fulfillment of the obligations of existing
treaties.
Sec 3. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States be, and he hereby is,
authorized and required to cause to be surveyed,
and the boundaries thereof permanently marked,
i the tract or tracts of land lying on or near the Gila
