838
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
Chap. LXXVII.—An Act to carry into effect the
Convention between the United States and
China, concluded on the eighth of November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, at Shanghai.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the minister or chief diplomatic
officer of the United States in China, shall, so
Son as the Chinese revenue officers issue the de-
bentures or duty receipts, provided for in the con-
vention, selectsome proper depositary of the same
in China, making such compensation as he shall
think right, the said debentures or their proceeds
being' subject to the appropriation hereinafter
provided.
Sec. 2. jlnibe it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall appoint two commissioners who
shall forma board in China, to receive and exam-
ine all claims which may be presented to them,
under the said convention, according to the pro-
visions of the same, the principles of justice, and
international law.
• Sec. 3. Andbe0further enacted, That the board
80 constituted shall meet at such time and place
as shall be designated by the chief diplomatic
officer in China, and within one year from the
time of said meeting shall terminate their duties.
Sic. 4. And be it further enacted, That the com-
pensation of the said commissioners shall be three
thousand dollars per annum, and the President of
the United States is authorized to make such pro-
vision for the contingent expenses of the com-
mission, as shall appear to him necessary and
proper, and the said salaries and expenses shall
be paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 5. -And be it further enacted, That the said
commissioners shall report to the chief diplomatic
officer in China, the several awards made by them,
to be approved by him, a copy of which shall be
by him transmitted to the depositary of the de-
bentures, or the proceeds as herein before pro-
vided, who shall thereupon distribute, in ratable
proportion* the said debentures, or their proceeds,
according to the direction of the said diplomatic
officer.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That so soon
as the said commission shall be executed and
completed, the records and documents, and all
Other papers in the possession of the commission-
ers, relating to the same, shall be deposited in the
office of the Secretary of State.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Cjiap. LXVIII.—An Act to protect the Timber
growing upon land3 of the United States re-
served for military and other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of.'hnerica in Congress
ftssembled, That if any person or persons shall
unlawfully cut, or aid, assist, or be employed in
unlawfully cutting, or shall wantonly destroy, or
procure to be wantonly destroyed, any timber
standing, gFowing, or being upon any lands of
the United States, which m pursuance of any law
passed, or hereafter to be passed, have been, or
shall-be, reserved or purchased by the United
Stated for military or other purposes, every such
person or peisons so offending, on conviction
thereof before a court having competent jurisdic-
tion, shall, for every such offense, pay a fine not
exceeding five hundred dollars, and shall be im-
prisoned not exceeding twelve months.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. LXXIX.—An Act making Appropriations
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with the Yanc-
ton and Tonawanda Indians for the year end-
ing June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and six-
ty, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of .America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
purpose of fulfilling treaty stipulations with ths
Yancton and Tonawanda Indians.
Yancton Sioux, or Dacotah Indians.—For the
first of ten installments to be paid to them or ex-
pended, for their benefit, commencing with the
year in which they shall remove to ana settle and
reside upon their reservation, per fourth article
treaty nineteenth April, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, sixty-five thousand dollars.
For maintaining and subsisting said Indians
during the first year after their removal to and
permanent settlement upon their said reservation;
in the purchase of stock, agricultural implements,
or other articles of a beneficial character, and in
breaking up and fencing land, in the erection of
houses, storehouses, or other needful buildings;
or in making such other improvements as may be
necessary for their comfort and welfare, perfourth
article treaty nineteenth April, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For building a school-house, or school-houses,
and to establish and maintain one or more normal
labor schools (so far as said sum will go) for the
education and training of the children of said In-
dians in letters, agriculture, the mechanic arts,
and housewifery; which school or schools shall
be managed and conducted in such manner as the
Secretary of the Interior shall direct, per fourth
article treaty nineteenth Af^'il, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, ten thousand dollars.
For providing said Indians with a mill suitable
for grinding grain and sawing lumber, one or
more mechanic shops, with the necessary tools
for the same, and dwelling-houses for an inter-
preter, miller, engineer for the mill, (if one be
necessary,) a farmer, and the mechanics that may
be employed for their benefit, per fourth article
treaty nineteenth April, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, fifteen thousand dollars.
For the expenses of making this agreement,
and of surveying the said Yancton reservation,
and of surveying and marking the pipe-stone
quarry, per eighth and sixteenth articles treaty
nineteenth April, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
Tonawandas.—For payment and investment of
this sum for the surrender and relinquishment of
lands west of the State of Missouri, per second
article treaty fifth November, eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven, two hundred and fifty-six thou-
sand dollars.
Creek Nation.—For payment of the remaining
sum of two hundred thousand dollars, retained by
the United States until the removal of the Semi-
nole Indians in Florida to the country west of the
Mississippi, with interest at five per centum per
annum, from twenty-eighth August, eighteen
hundred and fifty six, the date of the ratification
of the treaty, to the third March, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-nine, per sixth article treaty of the
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
two bundled and twenty-five thousand one hun-
dred and sixty-six dollars^ind sixty-six cents.
Florida. Indians of [or] Seminoles.—For interest
on two bundled and fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, to be paid as annuity, per eighth ar-
ticle treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, they having joined tlieir brethren in the
West, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For payments under existing contracts for car-
rying the mails as follows, viz: For the transpor-
tation of the mails from Panama to California and
Oregon and back, from July first to September
thirtieth, eighteen hnndrsd and fifty-nine, eighty-
seven thousand and sixty-two dollars and fifty
cents.
For transportation of the mails across the Isth-
mus of Panama from July first to September thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-nir.e, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For transportation of the maiis from New Or-
leans via Teliuantepec to Ventoza and back from
the first November, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight, to thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-nine, two hundred and Twenty-nine
thousand one hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixty-six cents.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. LXXX.-—An Act making Appropriations
for the Legislative, Executive, and Judicial !
expenses of Government for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Cmigress
assembled> That the following sums be, and the
same*are hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the objects here[in]after expressed, for the fiscal
year ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, namely:
Legislative.
For compensation and mileage of Senators,
three hundred and thirty-eight thousand eight
hundred and sixty-one dollars and seventy-two
cents, and for the mileage of members of the
House of Representatives and Delegates from the
Territories, two hundred thousand dollars.
For compensation of the officers, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the Senate, viz: Secretary of the
Senate, three thousand six hundred dollars; offi-
cer charged with disbursements^ the Senate,
four hundred and eighty dollars; chief clerk, two
thousand five hundred dollars; principal clerk
and principal executive clerk in the office of the
Secretary of the Senate, at two thousand one hun-
dred and sixty dollars each; eight clerks in the
office of the Secretary of the Senate, at one thou-
sand eight hundred and fifty dollars each; keeper
of the stationery, one thousand seven hundred
and fifty-two dollars; two messengers, at one
thousand and eighty dollars each; one page, at
five hundred dollars; sergeant-at-arms and door-
keeper, two thousand dollars; assistant door-
keeper, one thousand seven hundred dollars;
postmaster to the Senate, one thousand seven
hundred and fifty dollars; assistant postmaster
and mail carrier, one thousand four hundied and
forty dollars; two mail boys, at nine hundred dol-
lars each; superintendent of the document room,
one thousand five hundred dollars; two assistants
in document room, at one thousand two hundred
dollars each; superintendent of the folding room,
one thousand five hundred dollars; two messen-
gers, acting as assistant doorkeepers, at one thou-
sand five hundred dollars each; sixteen messen-
gers, atone thousand two hundred dollars each;
superintendent in charge of Senate furnaces, one
thousand two hundred dollars; assistant in charge
of furnaces, six hundred dollars; laborer in pri-
vate passage, six hundred dollars; two laborers,
at four hundred and eighty dollars each; clerk or
secretary to the President of the Senate, one
thousand seven hundred and fifty-two dollars;
draughtsman, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty dollars; clerk to the Committee on Finance,
one thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars;
clerk to the Committee of Claims, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty dollars; clerk of printing
records, one thousand eight hundred and fifty
dollars—making seventy-eight thousand nine
hundred and fourteen dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Senate, viz:
For binding, fifty thousand dollars.
For lithographing and engraving, thirty thou-
sand dollars.
For stationery, seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For newspapers, three thousand two hundred
dollars.
For Congressional Globe, and binding the
same, forty-nine thousand three hundred and
thirty-three dollars and thirty-two cents.
For reporting proceedings, eighteen thousand
and forty-six dollars.
For clerks to committees, pages, police, horses,
and carryalls, thirty-five thousand and four dol-
lars and fifty cents; and for the additional poiire
appointed January twelve, eighteen hundred and
fifty-nine, during the present fiscal year, fifteen
hundred and fifty-eight dollars and thirty-two
cents; making, together, thirty-six thousand five
hundred and four dollars; and the further sum of
fifteen hundred and forty-nine dollars and four-
teen cents, being for the moiety payable by the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, and to
form a part of the contingent fund of said House,
and be disbursed by the Clerk thereof.
For miscellaneous items, twenty thousand dol-
lars.
For compensation of members of the House of
Representatives and Delegates from the Teirito-
nes, one million and nineteen thousand dollars.
For compensation of the ofBetrs, clerks, mes-
sengers, and others receiving an annual salary in
the service of the House of Representatives, viz:
