APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United, States.
In the office of the Register:
For ruling and full binding books for recording
collectors' quarterly abstracts of commerce and
navigation, and blank abstracts for their use,
blank-books, binding, and stationery, arranging
and binding canceled marine papers, cases for
official papers and records, and miscellaneous
items, including office furniture and carpeting,
wur thousand dollars.
Light-House Boarcl.
For blank-books, binding, stationery, miscel-
laneous expenses, and postage, six hundred dol-
lars; and that the time fixed by law within which-
the creditors of the late Republic of Texas may
file their claims at the Treasury Department be,
and the same is hereby, extended to the first day
of January, eighteen hundred and sixty-one.
For the general purposes of the Southeast Executive
Building.
For compensation of eight watchmen and nine
laborers of the Southeast Executive Building, ten
thousand two hundred dollars.
For the southern fxtension of the Soutfaast Execu-
tive Building.
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers for the south extension of the Southeast
Executive Building, three thousand six hundred
dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, fuel,
and miscellaneous items, three thousand dollars.
Department of the Interior.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, and the clerks, messengers, assistant mes-
sengers, watchmen, and laborers in his office,
thirty-six thousand nine hundred dollars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and the recorder, draughts-
man, assistant draughtsman, clerks, messengers,
assistant messengers, packers, watchmen, and
laborers in his office,one hundred and sixty-four
thousand six hundred and ninety dollars.
Foradditional clerks in the General Land Office,
under the act of third March, one thousand eight
hundredandfifty-five,granting bounty lands, and
for laborors employed therein, fifty-eight thou-
sand four hundred dollars: Provided, That the
Secretary of the Interior, at his discretion, shall
be, and he is hereby, authorized to use any por-
tion of said appropriation for piece work, 01- by
the day, week, month, or year, at such rate or
rates as he may deem just and fair.
For compensation of the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, watchmen, and laborer in his office,
thirty-one thousand nine hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of five extra clerks employed
in the Indian office, under the act of fifth August,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, and third March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, and under appro-
priations made from year to year, seven thou-
sand dollars.
For compensation of one clerk in the Indian
office, employed to enable the Secretary of the
Interior to carry out the regulations prescribed to
give effect to the seventh section of the act of
third March, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
granting bounty lands to Indians, one thousand
four hundred dollars.
For compensation of two extra clerks in the
Indian office, employed to carry out the treaty
with the Chickasaws, in the adjustment of their
claims, two thousand eight hundred dollars.
For compensation oftlie Commissioner of Pen-
sion?, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
senger, and laborers in his office, one hundred
and nine thousand three hundred and forty dol-
lars.
For compensation of the Commissioner of
Public Buildings, and the clerk in his office, three
thousand two hundred dollars.
' Contingent Expenses—Department of the Interior.
Office of the Secretary of the Interior:
For books, stationery, furniture, fuel, lights,
and other contingencies, and for books and maps
for the library, seven thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For expense of packing and distributing the
congressional journals and documents, in pur-
suance of the provisions contained in the joint
resolution of Congress approved twenty-eighth
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, six
thousand dollars.
Office of Indian Affairs:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, fuel, and'
lights, and miscellaneous items, including two of
the daily city newspapers, to be filed, bound, and
preserved for the use of the office, five thousand
dollars.
General Land Office:
For cash system and military patents, under
laws prior to twenty-eighth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty; patent and other records; tract-
books and blank-books for this' and the district
land offices; binding plats and field notes; station-
ery, furniture, and repairs of same, and miscella-
neous items, including two of the daily city news-
papers, to be filed, bound, and preserved for the
use of the office; also, for contingentexpenses, in
addition, under swamp land act of twenty-eighth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty, military
bounty acts of twenty-eighth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty, and twenty-second March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, and act thirty-
first August, eighteen hundred and fifty-two, for
the satisfaction of Virginia land warrants, sixty-
two thousand dollars.
For fuel, lights, and incidental expenses attend-
ing the same, including pay for furnace-keepers,
three thousand dollars.
Pension Office:
For stationery, binding books, furniture, and
repairing the same, and miscellaneous items, in-
eluding two of the daily city newspapers, to be
filed, bound, and preserved for the use of the of-
fice, ten thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses in the said office under
the bounty land act of third March, one thousand
eight hundred and fifty-five:
For engraving and retouching plates for bounty
land warrants, printing and binding the same,
stationery, blank-books for register's office, fur-
niture, and miscellaneous items, ten thousand
dollars.
Surveyors-General and their Clerks.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Illinois and Missouri, and the clerks in his office,
five thousand eight hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Louisiana, and the clerks in his office, four thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Florida, and the clerks in his office, five thousand
five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of.
Wisconsin and Iowa, and the clerks in his office,
eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Oregon, and the clerks in his office, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Oregon,
fuel, books, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
California, and the clerks in his office, fifteen
thousand five hundred dollars.
For rent of surveyor general's office in Cali-
fornia, fuel, books, stationery, and other inci-
dental expenses, including pay of messenger,
seven thousand one hundred and fifty dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Washington Territory, and the clerks in his of-
fice, seven thousand dollars.
For office rent for the surveyor general of Wash-
ington Territory, fuel, books, stationery, and
other incidental expenses, two thousand five hun-
dred dollars. Jfe
For compensation of the surveyor™eneral of
New Mexico, and the clerks in his office, seven
thousand dollars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in
New Mexico, fuel, books, stationery, and other
incidental expenses, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Kansas and Nebraska, and the clerks in his of-
fice, eight thousand three hundred dollars.
For office rent of the surveyor general of Kan-
sas and Nebraska, fuel, and incidental expenses,
three thousand dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Utah, and the clerks in his office, five thousand
five hundred dollars.
For rent of the surveyor general's office in
Utah, fuel, stationery, and other incidental ex-
penses, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation of the surveyor general of
Minnesota, and the clerks in his office, eight
thousand three hundred dollars.
For salary of the recorder of land titles in Mis*
souri, five hundred dollars.
War Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of War, and
the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger, and
laborer in his office, twenty-two thousand dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the officeofthe Adjutant General, thirteen thou-
sand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Quartermaster General, sixteen
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
To enable the Secretary of War to employ tem-
porary clerks in the office of the Quartermaster
General, on bounty land service, two thousand
dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Paymaster General, twelve
thousand four hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer in the office of the Commissary General,
ten thousand and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Surgeon General, five thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer in the office of Topographical Engineers,
ten thousand six hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Chief Engineer, eight thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks and messenger
in the office of the Colonel of Ordnance, twelve
thousand two hundred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the War Department.
Office of the Secretary of War;
For blank-books, stationery, books, maps, ex-
tra clerk hire, and miscellaneous items, five thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Office of the Adjutant General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, two thousand dollars.
Office of the Quartermaster General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand two hundred dol- "
lars.
Office of the Paymaster General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, five hundred dollars.
Office of the Commissary General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
Office of the Chief Engineer:
For hlank-hooks, hinding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, including two daily Washington
papers, nine hundred dollars.
Office of the Surgeon General:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, fow hundred dollars.
Office of Colonel of Ordnance:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, nine hundred dollars.
Office of the Colonel of Topographical Engi-
neers:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, and mis-
cellaneous items, one thousand two hundred dol-
lars.
For the general purposes of the Northwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of four watchmen and two
laborers of the Northwest Executive Buiiding,
three thousand six hundred dollars.
For fuel, light, and miscellaneous items, four
thousand dollars.
For the general purposes of the building corner of F
and Seventeenth streets.
For compensation of superintendent, four
