1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL <?LOgE.
Mi
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
watchmen, and two laborers for said buitding,
three thousand eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen, miscella-
neous items, four thousand eight hundred dol-
lars.
Navy Department.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Navy,
and the clerks, messenger, assistant messenger,
and laborer in his office, twenty-nine thousand
six hundred dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the bureau of
navy-yards and docks, and the clerks, messenger,
and laborer in his office, fourteen thousand one
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the bureau of
ordnance and hydrography, and the clerks, mes-
senger, and laborer in his office, twelve thousand
three hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the bureau of
construction, equipment, and repairs, and of the
engineer-in-chief, and the clerks, messenger, and
laborers in his office, twenty-one thousand three
hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the clerks, messenger, and
laborer in the bureau of provisions and clothing,
eight thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the chief of the bureau of
medicine and surgery, and the clerks, messenger,
and laborer in his office, nine thousand five hun-
dred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Navy Department.
Office Secretary of the Navy:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, news-
papers, periodicals, and miscellaneous items, two
thousand eight hundred and forty dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
_ For stationery, books, plans, and drawings,
eight hundred dollars.
Bureau of Ordnance and Hydrography:
For blank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Bureau of Construction, Equipment, and
Repairs:
For blank-books, binding, stationery, print-
ing, and miscellaneous items, eight hundred
dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For blank-books, stationery,and miscellaneous
items, seven hundred dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
Forblank-books, stationery, and miscellaneous
items, four hundred and fifty dollars.
For the general purposes of the Southwest Executive
Building.
For compensation of four watchmen of the
Southwest Executive Building, two thousand
four hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
For labor, fuel, lights, and miscellaneous items,
three thousand nine hundred and thirteen dollars.
Post Office Department.
For compensation of the Postmaster General,
three Assistant Postmasters General, and the
clerks, messenger, assistant messengers, watch-
men, and laborers of said Department, one hun-
dred and fifty-seven thousand eight hundred
dollars.
Contingent expenses of said Department:
For blank-books, binding, and stationery, fuel
for the General Post Office building, including the
Auditor's office, oil, gas, and candles, printing, i
day watchman, and for miscellaneous items, for :
repairs of the General Post Office building, for j
office furniture, glazing, painting, whitewashing, •
and for keeping the fire-places and furnaces in j
order, fifteen thousand dollars. j
General Post Office Extension. j
For watchmen, engineer, (for steam engines,) '
laborers, fuel, gas, candles, repairs of furniture, 1
and for miscellaneous items, seven thousand dol-
lars.
Printing for Executive Departments.
For paper and printing for the Executive De-
partments, including the paper, printing, and ;
binding the Biennial Register, and the annual '
statement of commerce and navigation of the I
United States, and the paper and printing of the
annual estimates of appropriations, fifty-eight
thousand five hundred dollars.
Mint of the United States at Philadelphia.
For salaries of the director, treasurer, assayer,
melter and refiner, chief coiner, and engraver,
assistant assayer, assistant melter and refiner,
and seven clerks, twenty-seven thousand nine
hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, seventy-
four thousand eight hundred dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, in-
cluding wastage, in addition to other available
funds, seventy-five thousand dollars.
For specimens of ores and coins to be reserved
at the Mint, three hundred dollars.
For transportation of bullion from New York
assay office to the United States Mint for coinage,
ten thousand dollars.
At San Francisco, California.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, melter and refiner, coiner, and five clerks,
twenty-eight thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen and adjusters, one
hundred and sixty-five thousand four hundred
and ninetjr-three dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, in-
cluding wastage, in addition to other available
funds, fifty-eight thousand nine hundred and
fifty dollars and fifty cents.
Assay Office, New York.
For salaries of officers and clerks, twenty-four
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, forty-five thousand
dollars.
At New Orleans.
For salaries of superintendent, treasurer, as-
sayer, coiner,melter,and refiner, and three clerks,
eighteen thousand, throe hundred dollars.
For wages of workmen, thirty-four thousand
dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, includ-
ing wastage, in addition to other available funds,
twenty-six thousand five hundred dollars.
Jit Charlotte, North Carolina.
For salaries of superintendent, coiner, assayer,
and clerk, six thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen, two thousand six hun-
dred dollars.
At Dahlonega, Georgia.
Forsalaries of superintendent, coincr, assayer,
and clerk, six thousand dollars.
For wages of workmen, two thousand eight
hundred and eighty dollars.
GOVERNMENT IN THE TERRITORIES.
Territory of New J\Iexico.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, six thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, ten thou-
sand dollars.
Territory of Utah.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, seven thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
Territory of Washington.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, twelve thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
Territory of Nebraska.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Territory, one
thousand dollars.
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, and
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars. . •
Territory of Kansas.
For salaries of Governor, three judges, and sec-
retary, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Tfefritorjr, one
thousand five hundred dollars. ''
For compensation and mileage of the members
of the Legislative Assembly, officers, clerks, an4
contingent expenses of the Assembly, twenty
thousand dollars.
For deficiencies in the contingent expenses of
Kansas, being the amount incurred during the
administration of government by J. W. Denver
on that account, two thousand two hundred and
seventy-five dollars and tw<snty-two cents.
Judiciary.
For salaries of the Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court, and eight, associate justices, fifty!-foUr
thousand five hundred dollars.
For salaries of the district judges, one hundred
and ten thousand seven hundred and fifty dol-
lars.
For salary of the circuit judge of California,
six thousand dollars.
For salaries of the chief justice of the District
of Columbia, the associate judges, and the judges
of the criminal court and the orphans' court, fif-
teen thousand seven hundred and fifty dollars.
Office of the Attorney General.
For salaries of the Attorney General, one as-
sistant to be employed in his office, and the clerks
and messenger in his office, fourteen thousand
three hundred and sixty-seven dollars: Provided,
That the Attorney General, in place of -the six
clerks now employed in his office, be, and he is
hereby, authorized to appoint one assistant in the
said office, learned in the law, at an annual salary
of three thousand dollars; two third class clerks,
at salaries of sixteen hundred dollars each; and
one second class clerk, at a salary of fourteen
hundred dollars; and that the said Attorney Gen-
eral he authorized, when necessary, to employ
temporary clerks: Provided, That the'allowances
to such temporary clerks shall in no one year
exceed one thousand dollars: Provided, also,That
all moneys hereafter drawn out of the Treasury,
upon the requisition of the Attorney General,
shall be disbursed by suoh disbursing officer as
the Secretary of the Treasury may designate.
For contingent expenses of the office of the At-
torney General, two thousand dollars.
For purchase of law and necessary books, and
binding, for the office of the Attorney General,
eight hundred dollars.
For fuel and labor for the office of the Attor-
ney General, five hundred dollars.
For furniture and book-cases for office of the
Attorney General, five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of deficient State reports for
the office of the Attorney General, eight hundred
dollars.
For legal assistance and other necessary ex-
penditures in the disposal of private land claims
in California, ten thousand dollars.
For special and other extraordinary expenses
of California land claims, forty thousand dollars.
For salary of the reporter of the decisions of
the Supreme Court, one thousand three hundred
dollars.
For compensation of the district attorneys,
eleven thousand seven hundred dollars.
Forcompensation of the marshals, ten thousand
four hundred dollars.
For defraying the expenses of the supreme,
circuit, and district courts of the United States,
including the district of Columbia; also for jurors
and witnesses, in aid of the funds arising from
Tines, penalties, and forfeitures incurred ill the
fiscal year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty, and previous years; and likewise
for defraying the expenses of suits in which the
United States are concerned, and of prosecutions
for offenses committed against the United States,
and for the safe-keeping of prisoners, seven hun-
dred and eighty-five thousand dollars.
Annuities and Grants.
To Elizabeth C. Perry, per act second March,
eighteen hundred and twenty-one, three hundred
and twelve dollars and fifty cents.
