1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
843
Laws of the TJnitcd States.
35th C:ong....£d Sess.
(in place of the " Over-all beacon-lights") for tlTe
beach on Sullivan's Island channel, four thousand
dollars.
Georgia.—For a light at a proper point in Saint
Andrew's Sound and for one in Saint Catharine
Sound, Georgia, twenty thousand dollars.
Florida.—Forrebuilding the light-house at Cape
Canaveral, and fitting it up with a first-order cat-
adioptric illuminating apparatus, (as per detailed
estimate H, page 99, general estimates of appro-
priations for eighteen hundred and fifty-eight and
eighteen hundred and fifty-nine,) sixty-eight
thousand seven hundred and fifty-one dollars and
ten cents.
Louisiana.—For the commencement and com-
pletion of an iron screw pile light-house at or near
the entrance to the channel of the Mississippi
river, at the Southwest Pass, authorized August
three, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, in addi-
tion to the former appropriation, as per estimate
J, page 103, (genera! estimate of appropriations
for eighteen hundred and fifty-eight and eighteen
hundred and fifty-nine,) sixty-nine thousand nine
hundred dollars.
Texas.—For the erection of range beacons for
crossing the bar and entering Galveston bay, in
place of the present light vessel at that place, one
thousand seven hundred dollars.
For a light-house at San Luis Pass, and at the
mouth of Brazos river, twenty thousand dollars.
California.—For a light-house on Mare Island,
San Francisco bay, nine thousand nine hundred
and eighty-nine dollars: Provided, That no part
of this money shall be paid until the Secretary of
the Treasury is satisfied that the United States
has a perfect title to this island.
That the appropriation heretofore made for a
light-house at Point Lobos be, and the same is
hereby, reappropriated: Provided, The United
States has a perfect title to the site of said light-
house.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That hereaf-
ter whenever any of the light-vessels occupying"
positions which are adapted to the erection of
light-houses upon pile foundations require to be
rebuilt, or such extensive repairsas to render the
substitution of such light-houses advisable and
practicable, then such permanent structures are
authorized to be erected in place of any such
light-vessels: Provided, That the expense arising
from all such changes and erections shall be de-
frayed from the general annual appropriations
for repairs, &c., of light-vessels, unless special
appropriations should be made for any such
change.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, on the recommendation
of the Light-House Board, be, and he hereby is,
authorized in his discretion to discontinue from
time to time, such lights as may become useless
by reason of the mutations of commerce and
changes of channels of harbors and other causes.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the sums
appropriated August third,eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, for a light-house half way between
Cape Henry and Body's Island, and for a light
to mark the entrance to the Cone and Yeocomico
rivers, Virginia, be, and the same are hereby, re-
appropriated for those objects, respectively.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the ap-
propriation approved August eighteen, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, for a light-house at Grand
Marais, Minnesota, is hereby authorized to be
applied to the erection of a light-house at Grand
Portage, mouth of Pigeon river, Minnesota.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if pre-
liminary surveys are required to ascertain the
necessity for any light-house or other aid provided
for in this bill, or to determine the proper site
for the same, or to ascertain more fully what
the public exigency requires, the Secretary of the
Treasury may cause the necessary examinations
and surveys on the sea-board to be made under
the direction of the Superintendent of the Coast
Survey, and those on the northwestern lakes to
be made under the direction of the bureau of
topographical engineers; and in all eases in which
adverse reports are made, they shall be submitted
to Congress at its next session; and in all cases
in which the objects authorized are favorably re-
ported upon, the works may be commenced im-
mediately after valid titles and State jurisdiction
shall have been obtained to the sites.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That author-
ity is hereby given to exhibit a light from the
light-house tower on the hill at Cleveland, Ohio.
Seu. 8. And be it further enacted, That so much
of the act approved August eighteenth, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, as authorizes the Secretary
of the Treasury to discontinue the light at Port
Clinton, in Portage bay, Ohio, be, and the same
is hereby, repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. LXXXII.—An Act making Appropria-
tions for sundry Civil Expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropriated, for the objects
hereafter expressed, for the fiscal year ending the
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty, viz:
Survey of the Coast.
For continuing the survey of the Atlantic and
Gulf coast of the United States, (including com-
pensation to superintendent and assistants, and
excluding pay and emoluments of officers of the
Army and Navy, and petty officers and men of
the Navy employed on the work,) two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the western coast
of the United States, one hundred and thirty
thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of the Florida reefs
and keys, (excluding pay and emoluments of of-
ficers of the Army and Navy, and petty officers
and men of the Navy employed on the work,)
forty thousand dollars.
Forrtinmng a line to connect the triangulation
on the Atlantic coast with that on the Gulf of
Mexico, across the Florida peninsula, five thou-
sand dollars.
For publishing the observations made in the
progress of the survey of the coast of the United
States, five thousand dollars.
For repairs of steamers and sailing schooners
used in the coast survey, ten thousand dollars.
For pay and rations of engineers for seven
steamers, used in the hydrography of the coast
survey, no longer supplied by the Navy Depart-
ment, twelve thousand eight hundred dollars.
To supply deficiency in the fund for the relief
of sick and disabled seamen, one hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For preserving the extension of the Treasury
building, fifty thousand dollars.
The Secretary of the Treasury is hereby di-
rected to use the balance of unexpended appro-
priations heretofore made for the Charleston and
New Orleans custom-houses in finishing said
buildings for use.
For completion of the Indianapolis court-house
and post office, forty thousand dollars.
For completion of the Detroit custom-house,
thirty thousand dollars.
For repairing the damage occasioned by the rc-
cent fire at the Mobile custom-house, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For annual repairs of custom-houses, fifteen
thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of marine hospitals, fifteen
thousand dollars.
Light-House Establishment.
For the Atlantic, Gulf, and lake coasts, viz:
For supplying the light-houses and beacon-
lights with oil, glass chimneys, wicks, chamois
skins, polishing powder, whiting and other clean-
ing materials, transportation and other necessary
expenses of the same, repairing and keeping in
repair the lighting apparatus, one hundred and
thirty-two thousand dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses, refitting
and improving all the light-houses, and buildings
connected therewith, one hundred and ten thou-
sand dollars.
For repairing the works and piers, in order to
preserve and secure the light-house at Chicago,
Illinois, eighty-seven thousand dollars.
For repairs and incidental expenses to the light-
house at Oswego, and the buildings connected
therewith, thirty thousand dollars. ,
For salaries of six hundred and t:WO keepers of
light-houses and light-beacons, and thei? assist-
ants, one hundred and ninety-three thousand
three hundred and nine dollars and fifty-nine
cents.
For salaries of fifty-two keepers of light-ves-
sels, twenty-seven thousand four hundred and
fifty-eight dollars and seventy-three cents.
For seamen's wages, repairs, supplies, and in-
cidental expenses of fifty-two light-vessels, one
hundred and sixty-six thousand six hundred and
eighteen dollars and thirteen cents.
For expenses of raising, cleaning, painting^
repairing, re-mooring, and supplying losses of
buoys and day beacons, and for chains and sink-
ers for the same, and for coloring and numbering
all the buoys, one hundred thousand dollars.
For commissions, at two and a half per centum,
to such superintendents as are entitled to the same
under the proviso to act third March, eighteen
hundred and fifty-one, on the amount that may
be disbursed by them, in addition to available
balance, one thousand eight hundred and sixteen
dollars and sixty-seven dollars.
For the Coasts of California, Oregon, and Wash-
ington.—For expenses of raising, cleaning, paint-
ing, repairing, re-mooring, and supplying losses
of buoys and day beacons, and for chains and
sinkers for the same, and for coloring and num-
bering all the buoys, ten thousand dollars.
For continuing the construction of the light-
house on Minot's Ledge, one of the Cohasset
rocks, Boston bay, Massachusetts, being one half
of the amount remaining to be appropriated to
complete the work according to the original esti-
mate, forty-seven thousand and ninety dollars and
thirty-six cents.
For commutation of fuel and quarters for offi-
cers of the army serving on light-house duty, the
payment of which is no longer provided for by
the quartermaster's department, two thousand
three hundred and sixty-seven dollars and forty-
one cents.
For compensation of two superintendents for
the life-saving stations on the coast of Long Isl-
and and New Jersey, three thousand dollars.
For compensation of fifty-four keepers of sta-
tions, at two hundred dollars each, eight thousand
four hundred and sixty-three-dollars and forty-
three cents.
For the best life-boat, to be placed at each of
the twenty-eight life-saving stations on the coast
of New Jersey, six thousand four hundred and
forty dollars, and so much money as was appro-
priated at the last session of Congress for this
purpose as remains unexpended is hereby directed
to be carried to the surplus fund.
For repairing the life-saving stations on the
coast of Long Island and New Jersey, two thou-
sand dollars.
Survey of the Public Lands.—For surveying the
public lands, (exclusive of California, Oregon,
Washington, New Mexico, Kansas, Nebraska,
and Utah,) including incidental expenses and isl-
and surveys in the interior, and all other special
and difficult surveys demanding augmented rates,
to be apportioned and applied to the several sur-
veying districts, according to the exigencies of
the public service, including expenses of selecting
swamp lands and the compensation and expenses
to survey or to locate private land claims in Lou-
isiana, in addition to the unexpended balances of
all former appropriations, sixty thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands and private land
claims in California, including office expenses in-
cident to the survey of claims, and to be disbursed
at the rates prescribed by law for the different
kinds of work, forty-three thousand dollars.
For continuing the survey of base, meridian,
standard parallels, township, and section lines in
New Mexico, twenty thousand dollars.
For surveying the necessary base, meridian,
standard parallels, township, and section lines in
Kansas and Nebraska, also outlines of Indian
reservations, including liabilities incurred in the
years eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, and eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, forty
thousand dollars.
