966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
is, to say the least of it, a most egregious blun-
der.
If Spain should voluntarily cede the Island of
Cuba to the government of the United States, it
would be right for us to accept it; and, if we de-
termined to act^pt it, neither England nor Prance,
nor the world in arms, would deter me for one
moment in the course -which I "should pursue.
But, so long As Spain is in the rightful.possession
of the Island of Cuba, and she refuses to cede it
to us voluntarily by honorable negotiation, it
would be grossly wrong for us to undertake to
wrest it from her by force. Then, she being in
the right, and we being in the wrong, if Spain
shall "be allied with England and with Prance in
the struggle which must follow, I hold that it is no
part of weakness, no part of cowardice either,
for us to calculate the momentous consequences.
' Let us cherish sacredly the maxim, " to ask
nothing which is not clearly right, and submit to
nothing wrong;" but if we are to enter upon a
system of aggression oufselves, and undertake,
by force of arms, tp wrest from Spain her right-
ful possessions, it is not only the part of manli-
less a'mi true courage,Jpr us to consider that, in
that struggle, Englatit^nd France may be allied
with her'against us; but there will be this higher
consideration, that, in such a struggle, there will
be no attribute of the Almighty to take part with
us. Give us the right, give us the cession by
peaceful purchase, and then if cither England or
France interfere to prevent our accepting or en-
joying it, as I have already said, I would resist
them, one, or both together. The world in arms
would not de'ter us from the assertion of the right.
But it is a very different question when we are to
be placed in the wrong, when we are to depart
from the whole policy of the old Republican party,
when we ourselves are to become the aggressors,
when we are to enter upon the career of rapine,
blood, and conquest.
Mr. President, It is said upon this floor, it is
said elsewhere, that in these days there is a kind
of resistless logie in events; a current in the for-
tunes of the worfd; a manifestdestiny; " atide in
the affairs of men;" that " tffere is a divinity that
shapes o'urends." All these expressions we hear.
I have heard expressions stilt more simple ad-
dressed to me in the language, and in fhe faith, of
childhood, that there is aGrod in Heaven without
whose notice not a sparrow falls; and that His
Providence is watching over the destinies of this
country, and has been from its earliest coloniza-
tion down to the present hour. I can acQcde to
all this; but with «ie the important question re-
mains, which way does the current flow; which
way does this gravitation, in the political world,
tend; which way does the Providence of God di-
rect ? That is the question.
For one, 1 desire to see and to know and to
look back upon the history of the past, to judge
of what is to come in the future. For more than
two thqusand years, I may say, there have been
great currents of emigration in the human race;
onward and onward, from the Asiatic east,
through Europe, covering the whole of the tem-
perate zone of Europe, until, in the fullness of
time, that same flow of emigration has crossed
the Atlantic, and is taking possession of the'tem-
perate zone of this continent. Its flow is onward,
and right onward; increasing'in volume and in
strength. They are eoming from all the countries !
of Europe, mingling with those who are already
here; becoming Americanized, and by their
knowledge and perseverance and indomitable
courage, they arc taking possession, are bound
to take possession, of every foot on this conti-
nent, where the white man can live and labor.
Before that resistless flow, the other races upon
this continent are receding; and they will continue
to recede. It is but a question of arithmetic and
' of time. By no revolution; by no invasion of the
rights of any individual; by no usurpation of any
Federal authority over the rights of the several
States; by the simple laws of emigration, and
what may be determined by political gravitation,'
this emigration is going on swelling m volume,
increasing m power.
The honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugii]
was pleased to say yesterday that the proposition
which I had intioduced. and the doctrines which
1 had avowed on this floor, were as follows:
"The Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. DoounLEj 'ui-
viO'moed to us yesterday, the progioniiue of the m"dti'i
and self-styled Republican party, that the trophieal zone of
this continent should be for the negro, and only its temper-
ate zone for the white man. I am really obliged to the Sen
ator for so honest a. proclamation, having always been con-
vinced that the party of his attachment, upon which he has
lavished as many affectionate caresses and epithets as
Sancho Panza could have suggested, intends that Cuba, and
Mexico, and Central America, and, if possible, our own
southern States, shall be reduced to the miserable condition
of Hayti and Jamaica."
The proposition which I introduced, the lan-
guage which I used on this floor,, does not au-
thorize the honorable Senator from Ohio to make
any such statement. I have never said upon this
floor that no one but the negro is to inhabit the
tropical regions of this continent. I have said no
such thing. I have not said that the white man
may not find a home in the tropics, if he pleases
to do so. I have never said, 1 have never inti-
mated, I have never desired, that the time would
come when our own southern States, or any one
of them, ought to be, or would be, reduced to the
condition of Jamaica or San Domingo. The prop-
osition which I have had the honor to submit is
no new one. I claim for it no originality what-
ever. It is as old as the Republican party in this
country. It was the leading idea with Jefferson,
with Madison, with Monroe, with Washington,
with all the earlier statesmen of this country in the
better days of the Republic. I claim for it no
originality. I claim, however, that this proposi-
tion tends, and it is the only proposition which
will, to prevent, in the end, these very disastrous
consequences to which the honorable Senator
refers.
My proposition is simply to provide for the
peaceful emigration, from all the States of this
Union, of all those free colored persojis of African
Slcscent, who may desire so to emigrate, to some
place in Central or South America, in some of the
States'of the tropical regions which may be ac-
quired by treaty, by the United States, for that
purpose, and for their benefit. My proposition
is simply that these persons may go and mingle
with the population already existing-in those
States, (and five sixths of them already are of the
colored race,) where color is no degradation;
where they may mingle together freely without
repugnance.
I have said that this was no idea of mine. I
desire to read two or three extracts from so«ie of
our most distinguished statesmen. I do not refer
to the statesmen of the North, but to the states-
men of the South. Mr. Jefferson said, in speak-
ing upon this identical measure:
" It was, however, found that the public mind would not
yet bear the proposition, nor will it even at tjiis day ; yet
tiie day is not far distant when it must bear it and adopt it,
or worse will follow. Nothing is more certainly written in
the hook of (ate, than tiiat these 'people (the negroes) are
to lie free ; nor is it less certain that the two races, equally
lice, cannot live in the same Government. Nature, habit,
opinion, have drawn indelible lines of distinction between
them. It is still in our power to direct the process of eman-
cipation and deportation, and ill such slow degree as
that the evil will weat off insensibly, and tlicir place be
part passu filled up by free white laborers. If, on the con-
tiaryit i; left to foiee itselfon,human nature must shudder
at the prospect held up. We should in vain look fur an ex-
ample m the Spanish deportation or deletion of the Moors."
These memorable words were uttered more than
a quarter of a century ago. The time that he
prophesied would come, has already arrived,
when the public mind would not only bear, but
approve the proposition.
Mr. Randolph, of Virginia, maintained the
same idea again. Mr. Jefferson, in a letter ad-
dressed to Mr. Sparks, said, speaking on this
very plan:
" The second object, and the most interesting to us, as
coming home to our physical and moral characters, to our
happiness and safety, is to provide an asylum to which we
can, by degrees, send the whole of that population from
among us, and establish them under our patronage and pro-
tection, as a separate,free,and independentpeople, m some
country and climate friendlyto human life and happiness.15
Again, Mr. Jefferson, in a letter to Mr. Coles,
thus warns his countrymen of the South that,
unless some such proposition as this is adopted,
the very scenes of St. Domingo, which the hon-
orable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] so much
dreads, would be forced upon them:
"Yet the hour ofemancipation is advancing in the march
of time. It vill come; and, whether brought on by the
generous energies of our own minds, or by the bloody pro-
coss of St. Dommgo, txcited and conducted by the power
of our present enemy, if once stationed permanently within
our country, and olfeiing asylum and arms to the oj,
pressed, is a leaf of our history not yet turned over."
1 have stated that this is no proposition of mine,
but it was advanced by the leading statesmen of
this country, as the only possible mode by which
we could rid ourselves of this great difficulty,
without going through the bloody scenes of San
Domingo in the southern slave States; and when
the honorable Senator from Ohio says that I de-
sire, or that the party with which I act desire,
that the scenes of San Domingo shall be reenacted
in the Gulf States of this Union, and that we de-
sire to reduce those States to the condition of
Hayti and Jamaica, he does us great injustice. It
is to avert just that calamity, and to prevent that
very result, that I to-day advocate this proposition;
for I beliese the time has ripened for the execu-
tion of the plan originated by Jefferson in his day,
agreed in by Madison and Monroe and all the
earlier and better statesmen of the Republic, both
North and South.
"What shall we do? That is the question. I
ask honorable Senators who doubt the propriety
of this proposition which I have introduced, what
willyou do? You know that it is afact, that very
many of the non-slaveholding States of this Union,
by their laws, and even by their constitutions, re-
fuse to allow the emancipated colored man to find
a shelter within their jurisdictions, a measure of
harshness in which I cannot sympathize, while,
at the same time, almost all the slaveholding States
have made stringent enactments to prevent their
emancipation, unless they shall be, at the same
time, removed beyond their jurisdiction; and in
some of the southern States, the proposition is
to-dayjjjeing entertained, and it is beginning to
find more and more favor, to reduce to servitude
those who are now free. The proposition has
been made in North Carolina, Maryland, and
Virginia. It has lately been made in the State of
Missouri, coupled with a proposition to confis-
cate their property. Very probably it is enter-
tained in other slaveholding States.
I ask, in Heaven's name, what are you to do
with these people ? In the late constitution which
was framed in Kansas, and which the Adminis-
tration was so anxious to press through Congress,
it was declared that free negroes should not bs
permitted to live in Kansas. The constitution of
the State of Oregon declares the same thing, that
they shall not only not reside in Oregon, but that
they shall not be permitted to have any rights
whatever, nor any standing in court. The slave-
JioldingStates are making these enactments. What
is to be done with them? That is the question. It
is not a question that confines itself peculiarly to
the slave States. It is a question that concerns
the free States as well as the slave States. It is
no sectional question. It is a national question,
in which they all have a common and equal in-
terest.
I ask, and repeat, in God's name what will you
do with them ? I ask you gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber, what will you do with the
free negroes that are now inhabiting the States of
this Union ? Will you put them' to the sword?
Humanity would shrink from that. Will you
bring them to the auction block? That is the ques-
tion. It is seriously proposed in several States
of this Union, though I trust that no such enact-
ment will ever be carried into effect in any State.
But, Mr. President, sure as fate, in the language
of Mr. Jefferson, sure as mathematics, for facts
and figures do not he on this subject, you have
got to meet this question; you cannot postpone it
any longer if you try; the day is coming on, and
is already pressing upon you. What will you do
with them ? You must meet it. The census re-
turns of the United States tell you the story.
With each revolving decade it is fixing it as sgre
as fate, and you must come to it.
I refer, of course, with no disrespect whatever
to any of the States of this Union; but I refer to
the census simply for the purpose of stating facts
as they appear. If you look at the State of South
Carolina, you find that, in 1810, there were 214,000
white people to 190,000 slaves; in 1820, 237,000
whites, 358,000 slaves; in 1830, 257,000 whites,
315,000 slaves; in 1840, 299,000 whites, 327,000
slaves; in 1850,274,000 whites, 384,000 slaves.
What do these figures show ? Where does it tend?
Where do these mighty resistless currents in hu-
man affairs constantly flow? They flow to but
one result; and men may try to avoid the question
as long as they please, but the time is coming, and
is pressing on, when the enormous preponderance
of the slave population, in some of the States of
