m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 8,
35th Cono....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
For preparing the unfinished records of public
and private surveys to be transferred to the State
authorities, under the provisions of the act of
twelfth June, eighteen hundred and forty, in those
districts where the surveys are about being com-
pleted, ten thousand dollars.
For resurveys and examinations of the surveys
of the public lands in those States where the
offices of the surveyors-general have been, or
shall be, closed, under the acts of the twelfth June,
eighteen hundred and forty, and twcnty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, in-
cluding two thousand dollars for the salary of the
clerk detailed to this special service in the General
Land Office, two thousand dollars.
For surveying the public lands in Oregon, to
be disbursed at the rates now authorized by law,
twenty thousand dollars.
For running and marking that part of the west-
ern boundary of Minnesota which is not defined
by the natural landmarks, estimated distance
one hundred and thirty miles, five thousand dol-
lars.
For binding field notes, plats, and records of
surveys in the office of the surveyor general of
Kansas and Nebraska, one thousand dollars.
For preservation of the collections of the ex-
ploring and surveying expeditions of the Govern-
ment, four thousand dollars.
For collection of agricultural statistics, investi-
gations for promoting agriculture and rural econ-
omy, and the procurement of cuttings and seeds,
forty thousand dollars: Provided, That no pait of
this appropriation shall be used or expended in
defraying the expenses of any body of men or
delegates assembled in Washington, or elsewhere,
as an agricultural congress, or advisory board on
agriculture, convened under the orders or by au-
thority of the Secretary of the Interior, or any-
other person under any name or for any pretended
object whatever.
For drawings to illustrate the mechanical report
of the Commissioner of Patents for the year
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, six thousand
dollars.
For support, care, and medical treatment of
forty transient paupers, medical and surgical pa-
tients in Washington Infirmary, six thousand
dollars.
For purchase of manure for the public grounds,
one thousand dollars.
For hire of carts on the public grounds, one
thousand and ninety-five dollars.
For purchase of trees, and tree-boxes, to re-
place, where necessary, such as have been planted
by the United States, and the repair of pavements
in front of the public grounds, three thousand
dollars.
Forannual repairs of the Capital, water-closets,
public stables, water pipes, pavements and other
walks within the Capitol Square, broken glass
and locks, and for the protection of the building,
five thousand dollars.
For annual repairs of the President's house and
furniture, improvement of grounds, purchase of
plants for garden and making hot-beds therein,
and contingent expenses incident thereto, three
thousand dollars.
For fuel, in part, of the President's house, one
thousand eight hundred dollars.
For lighting the Capitol and President's house,
the grounds around them and around the Execu-
tive offices, and Pennsylvania avenue, and Bridge
and Highistreets in Georgetown, forty-three thou-
sand dollars.
For lighting with gas Four-and-a-half, Seventh,
and Twelfth streets, across the public mall, four
thousand dollars.
For purchase of books for library at the Exec-
utive mansion, to be expended under the direction
of the President of the United States, two hun-
dred and fifty dollais.
For repairs of the Potomac, navy-yard, and
upper bridges, three thousand dollars.
For repairs of Pennsylvania avenue, three thou-
sand dollars.
For taking care of the grounds south of the
President's house, continuing the improvement
of the same, and keeping them in order, one thou-
sand dollars.
For the payment of laborers employed in shov-
eling snow from from the walks to andaround the
Capitol, the President's house, and the pave-
ments along the Government reservations on
Pennsylvania avenue, five hundred dollars.
For repairs of water pipes, five hundred dol-
lars.
For casual repairs of the Patent Office build-
'ing, one thousand five hundred dollars.
For cleaning out the sewer traps on Pennsyl-
vania avenue, three hundred dollars.
For completing the erection of the north front
of the Patent Office building, grading and paving
streets around the same, inclosing front yards,
and improving court yard, fifty thousand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to pur-
chase [of] Messrs. Little, Brown and Company,
two thousand copies of the eleventh volume of
the United Statutes at Large for distribution,
agreeably to act of Congress directing the distri-
bution of the other volumes, seven thousand dol-
lars. '
For public reservation number two, and La
Fayette square, two thousand dollars.
For making cases and fitting up rooms in the
Patent Office building to receive copyright books,
charts, and other copyright matter, and for trans-
ferring, arranging, and taking care of the same,
thirty-six hundred dollars.
Government Hospital for the Insane.
For continuation of wall inclosing the grounds,
three thousand five hundred dollars.
For furnishing the present hospital continua-
tion, comprising the center and three sections of
the wing, fourteen thousand three hundred dol-
lars.
For fire apparatus, nine hundred dollars.
For painting and sanding battlement and win-
dow heads and frames, and tracing window sash of
the five west sections of the hospital edifice erect-
ed, eight hundred dollars.
For grading and planting trees about the hos-
pital edifice and upon the approaches thereto with-
in the grounds, one thousand dollars.
Towards the completion of the four eastern sec-
tions of the east wing, which will complete the
hospital edifice, forty thousand dollars.
For the support, clothing, and medical treat-
ment of the insane of the District of Columbia,
and of the Army and Navy, at the asylum in said
District, twenty-four thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For salaries and incidental expenses of the in-
stitution of the deaf, dumb, and blind, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, three thousand dollars.
For expenses to be incurred preliminary to
taking the eighth census, fifteen thousand dollars.
For United States Capitol extension, four hun-
dred thousand dollars: Provided, That none of
the money hereby appropriated shall be expend-
ed in the decoration and embellishment of the Cap-
itol extension by sculpture or paintings, unless
the same shall have been approved by the art
commission authorized by the act of twelfth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, in the
manner stated in said act; but this piovision shall
not be so construed as to interfere with the com-
pletion and payment for works already begun by
Crawford and Rogers, or the completion of the
painting of rooms in the north wing already
partly painted.
For extension of the General Post Office, one
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For payment of the mortgage and interest on
property in Pine street, in the city of New York,
belonging to the United States, and purchased
under authority of the act of fourth August, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, eleven thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be necessary for
that purpose.
Botanic Garden.
For procuring manure, tools, fuel, and repairs,
purchasing trees and sh[r]ubs, tor botanic garden,
to be expended under the direction of the Library
Committee of Congress, twenty-three hundred
dollars.
For pay of horticulturist and assistants in the
botanic garden and green-houses, to be expended
under the direction of the Library Committee of
Congress, five thousand one hundred and twenty-
one dollars and fifty cents.
For deficiency in the executive extraordinary
caepenses in Kansas Territory during the admin-
istration of Governor John W. Geary, six hun-
dred and ninety dollars and forty cents.
For introducing the Potomac water into the
botanic garden, and building a cistern thereon,
one thousand dollars.
For completing certain volumes of the explor-
ing expedition now nearly finished, and pay of
superintendent, the sum of eight thousand two
hundred and twenty dollars and five cents.
To enable the Secretary of War to pay for the
purchase of stores furnished for the use of volun-
teers engaged in suppressing Indian hostilities in
the Territory of Washington during the late In-
dian hostilities in that Territory, seven thousand
dollars, with interest from the time the money
wa3 advanced by Governor Douglass for said pur-
chase.
For the payment of volunteers employed in
I Florida during the years eighteen hundred and
, fifty-seven and eighteen hundred and fifty-eight,
i and who were called into service by requisition
| of the President on the Governor of that State,
! the sum of four hundred and thirteen thousand
' six hundred dollars, or so much thereof as may
| be necessary to pay the amount found due for the
j time said troops were actually in the service of
I the United States: Provided, That no greater pay
; or commutations be allowed than are authorized
. by law to similar troops of the United States
| Army.
| For repairs of the Long Bridge over the Poto-
] mac at Washington, five thousand dollars, to be
: expended under the direction of the Commission-
. er of Public Buildings.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings to pay to John F. Callan, forstone taken from
square number five hundred and sixty-two, in
Washington city, and used in paving New Jersey
i avenue, one hundred and sixty-two dollars.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the First
Comptroller of the Treasury do allow, in the ad-
justment of the accounts of Peter Lammond, dis-
bursing clerk of the Interior Department, the sum
of five hundred and thirty-four dollars and sev-
enty-seven cents, paid to A. G. Cochran.
Sec. 3. Jindbeit farther enacted, That the lot
of ground in the city of Philadelphia heretofore
agreed to be purchased by the United States from
the American Philosophical Society, as a site for
a court-house, shall be sold at public auction to
the highest and best bidder, and that the lotm said
city heretofore purchased from the Bank of Penn-
sylvania, for a post office, shall also be sold at
public auction for the best price it will bring:
Provided, That said lots shall not be sold for ail
aggregate sum of less than two hundred and five
thousand dollars.
Sec 4. And be it further enacted, That the sum
or sums of money raised by the sale of the lots
and grounds authorized to be sold by the preced-
ing section of this act, together with the unex-
pended balance of the appropriation for the con-
struction of a post pffice at Philadelphia, be ap-
plied and expended as follows, to wit: for the
purchase of the first lot west of the custom-house,
commonly known as the Levy Corner, a sum not
exceeding seventy-five thousand dollars. For the
purchase of the next adjoining lot west, known
as the Bailey lot, a sum not exceeding eighty-six
thousand dollars; and for the construction of a
building on the said Levy and Bailey lots, suitable
for a post office and court-house, a sum not ex-
ceeding the remainder of the money not disposed
of as above provided. And it shall be the duty
of the Secretary of the Treasury, the Postmaster
General, and the Attorney General, to execute
the two foregoing sections of this act: Provided,
That the whole amount to be expended in the
construction of said building shall not exceed the
balance of the amount received from the sale of
the said lots and the balance of the appropriation.
Sec. 5. ~']nd be it further enacted, That the power
to issue and reissue Treasury notes, conferred on
the President of the United States, by the act
entitled "An act to authorize the issue of Treas-
ury notes,"approved the twenty-third December,
eighteen hundred and filty-seven,be,and the same
hereby is, revived and continued in force from the
passage of this act until the first day of July, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty; and to defray the expenses
thereof the sura of five thousand dollars is hereby
appropriated: Provided, That the said notes may
