tm
mm CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
exhausted myself; and I have no doubt the-Sen-
ate is,
Mr. SEWjARD- I move that the. Senate ad-
journ. ' :• .
The motion "was, agreed to;'.and the Senate
adjourned. ' ; .
HOUSE OF REPRESEN1AT4VES.
Friday, February 11,1859.
The Hou&e metal eleven o'clock, a. m. Pray6r
by Rev. Ajlfred Holmead.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
• " PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
|£r, SEARING. Mjr. Speaker, I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I hold in my hand a copy of the
New York Times, of thq8th instant,in which the
Washington correspondent, under.date of Febru-
ary 6, has seen fit to reflect upon my pharacter as
a member of this House. I send the paragraph
to the Clerk, in order that it may be read in the
hearing of the House. •  
The Clerk read, as follows:
"T&e system inaugurated in the Brooklyn navy-yard, un-
der the present Administration, giving to members of Con-
gress the appointment of .the master-mechanics, is shown
to have'resiulted in doubling and frebhng the cost, of every-
thing to the Government. THeft and swindling of ail sorts
appear to have been the.rule, instead of the exceptions.
u In one case^jt is shown that a large quantity of paint,
belonging to the Government, was used to paint the dwell-
ing-house of Mr. Searing, a member of Congress, the labor
also being contributed by the navy-yard. Of course, this
could, by no possibility, have been honestly done ; but we
aie yet without Mr. Searing's explanation of the affair;
and it remains to be shown whether he was aware of the
fraud upon the Qovemment, pr was himself imposed upon."
I$r. SEARING. So gross and flagrant an alle-
gation on my character,"I conceive it just to my-
self to notice, and to say,that it is entirely devoid
of truth; and I take the most .summary means of
contradicting it before the House and the country.
As I see the honorable gentleman who is conduct-
ing the investigation, now in his seat, I respect-
fully ask him, in justice to me, to make an official
announcement to the Hfcuse and to the country,
whether there was any ground for so base and
gross a slander as that perpetrated by a vile and
base correspondent. I hope the gentleman from
Ohio will do me the justice to inform the House
on the subject..
Mr. SHERMAN, of Ohio. It gives me great
pleasure to say that no testimony has been sub-
mitted to the naval investigating committee like
that alluded to in the New York Times. There
was no testimony taken reflecting on the gentle-
man from New York. On the contrary, the charges
made Jiave been.disproved.
I desire also to state, that the committee has
very carefully avoided giving any information in
regard to what is transpiring before it. Like the
other committees, we have been called on for in-
formation, but have religiously withheld it. I
have seen nothing in the newspapers that would
lead me to infer that any testimony,-taken before
the committee, has pubiicly transpired. If it be
the pleasure of the House, I will, early next week,
present to the House the testimony and reports of
that committee, and then gentlemen can see what
has been* and what has not been proved.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. DAVIDSON, it was
Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files ol the House of the papers in the case of Mary
Belize.
On motion of Mr. FAULKNER, it was
'Ordered, That leave be granted for the withdrawal from
the files of the House of the papers in the case of Anne E.
i>io augh.
' Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. I ask leave to intro-
duce a bill for reference, of which previous notice
has been given.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I call'for the reg-
ular order of business.
THE HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. GROW. I desire to make but a single
remark, in order to correct a misstatement of fact
that has been repeated here a number of times, in
inference to the homestead bill that passed the
House, and which the gentleman from Tennes-
see [Mr. Maynard] would not extend to me the
courtesy, yesterday, to correct.
By the homestead bill, any person who is a cit-
izen, or has declared his intention to become such,
can make an entry; hut no one can take the title
from the Government for any land unless he is a
cjtizen pf the United States.
Mr. COBB. I object to any explanation unless
I have a chance myself.
Mr. GROW. That is all I desired to say.
Mr. MAYNARD. The bill shows for itself.
Mr. GROW. It has been said, again and again,
that foreigners can takfc. lands from the Govern-
ment, under this bill. That is not so.
ADMISSION OF OREGON.
The SPEAKER, announced the business in
order to be the consideratiojrof the bill for the
admission of Oregon; .on whiph the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Clark] had the floor.
Mr. SMITH, of Illinois. Will the gentleman
from Missouri yield, that I may introduce a bill
for reference?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If it be the pleas-
ure of the House to receive, under the rules of
the House, for one hour or two hours, bills, or
reports, or anythingelsfc, I shall not interpose any
objection; but if they are to come in by unani-
mous consent, I must $sk for the regular order of
business.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. As a member of-
the Committee on Territories, I desire to detain
the House for a short time, instating the reasons
which governed my vote in committee, and will
govern it in this House, in favor of the bill for
the admission of Oregon. I regret, sir, that the
admission of any State is to be treated as a party
question. The admission of a State is based on
principles regulated by the Constitution of the
United States, .and legislators should vote upon
such a question regardless of particular circum-
stances.
No gentleman should attempt to interpose ob-
stacles to the admission of a State which has a
population sufficient m numbers, and which, hav-
ing been clothed with authority, has formed a
republican constitution, and established its insti-
tutions in its own way. In my judgment such
opposition is a high breach of power, unauthor-
ized by the Constitution of our common country.
I now approach the objections urged against the
admission of Oregon. One of the objections made
in debate here, and which we had to meet in com-
mittee, is, that Oregon has not sufficient popula-
tion. I take the ground that Oregon is entitled
to admission into the Union with her present pop-
ulation, if it be sufficient, in the opinion of the
House,-to enable her to organize a practical com-
munity for State purposes.
I claim that Oregon has a right to come in under
the ordinance of 1787, and that it is the duty of
Congress to admit her on the same principle and
according to the same rule established in that ordi-
nance for the Northwest Territory. Sir, if gen-
tlemen will read the organic act of Oregon, they
will find that it is provided in that act that she
shall be entitled to aW the privileges, and subject
to all the limitations, contained in the ordinance
of 1-787. That ordinance provided that when there
should be sixty thousand inhabitants in those
Territories, they should have a right to be ad-
mitted as States.. If, then, you take the ordinance
of 1787, and the organic act of Oregon, you can-
not escape the conclusion that you must admit
Oregon when she has a population of sixty thou-
sand. That portion of the ordinance of 1787 to
which I refer, providing for the admission of these
States, is as follows:
"Art. 5. There shall be formed in said Territory, notless
than three, nor more than five, States; and the boundary of
the States, as soon as Virginia shall alter her a«t of cession,
and consent to the same,hhall become fixed and established
as tollows, to wit: The Western States in the said Territory
shall be bounded by the Mississippi, the Ohio, and Wabash
rivers; a direct line drawn from the Wabash and Port Vin-
cent due north to the territorial line between the United
States and Canada, and by the said territorial line to the
Lake of the Woods and Mississippi. The middle States
Shall be hounded by the said-direct line, the Wabash from
Port Vincent to the Ohio; by the Ohio, by a direct line
drawn due north from the mouth of the Great Miami to the
said territorial line, and bv the said territorial line. The
eastern States shall be bounded by the last mentioned di-
rect line, the Ohio, Pennsylvania, and the said termorial
line: Provided, however, and it is further understood and
declared, that the boundaries of these three States shall be
subject so far to be altered, that if Congress shall hereafter
find it expedient, they shall have authority to form one .or
two Statos m that part of the said territory which lies north
I of an east and west line drawn through the southerly bend
| or extreme ot Lake Michigan ; and whenever any of the
I said States thai! have sixty thousand free inhabitants there-
I in, such State sliaii be admitted by its Delegates- iut© the
Congress of the United. States, on an equal footing with the
original States, in all respects whatever : and shaft be at
liberty to form a constitution and State government: Pro-
vided^- the constitution and government so to be formed
shall be republican and  n conformity to the principles con-
tained in Uiese articles; and, so lar asjt can.be consistent
with the general interests of the Confederacy, such admis-
sion shall be allowed at an earlier period, tmd when there
"may be a Jes? number of free inhabitants in the State than
sixty thousand."
Mr. HOWARD. I would ask the gentleman
if he considers -Oregon a part of the old North-
west Territory?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. No, sir; but by
the organic act of Oregon, the provisions of the
ordinance of 1787 were extended to that Terri-
tory. Now, that ordinance provided that the Ter-
ritories within -the original Northwestern Terri-
tory should be admitted as States, when they had
^ixty thousand inhabitants; and the organicactof
Oregon having extended to her all the privileges
and limitations of that ordinance, gives her the
right of admission according to the terms of that
ordinance, which will appear by the following
portion of said act:
" And be it further enacted, That the inhabitants of said
Territory shall be entitled to enjoy all and singular, the
rights, privileges, and advantages granted and secured to
the people of the territory of the United States northwest
of the river Ohio, by the articles of compact contained in
the ordinance for the government of said Territory, on the
33th day of July, 1787; and shall be subject to all the con-
ditions and restrictions and prohibitions m said articles of
compact, imposed upon the people of said Tenitory."
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I would ask the gentle-
man in what portion of the ordinance of 1787 he
finds that provision ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. In the fifth article.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I would ask the gen-
tleman if that same article does not provide that
not more than five States shall be carved out of
that Territory: and ifthat part of the compact
does not also apply to Oregon > Can he take a
part of the compact without taking the whole
of it?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will answer the
gentleman. The fifth article of the ordinance of
1787 provides that five States may be admitted,
but nevertheless it provides that Congress may-
admit other States. I will give a case in point.
The terms of the ordinance of 1787, with the ex-
ception of the prohibition of slayery, were ex-
tended ,to Tennessee, which was south of the
Ohio river. Now, when Tennessee'applied^for
admission, the very question that we are now
discussing was referred.to a committee, and they
made a report to Congress. I have the debates
of that day before me, on which Mr. Madison,
Mr. Macon, and Mr. Gallatin participated. It
was held then that as Tennessee came within the
provisions of the ordinance of 1787, except the
slavery prohibition, Congress was bound to ad-
mit her when ?he had sixty thousand free inhab-
itants, and she was considered, as Mr. Gallatin
says, ipso facto a State, whenever that fact ap-
peared lo Congress.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. . By_ the permission of
the gentleman from Missouri, I will state that
when Tennessee was admitted, it ^as shown to
Congress, by a census officially taken, that she had
seventy-seven thousand two hundred and sixty-
two inhabitants, while the.ratio of representation
was thirty-three thousand. The point to which 1
wish to call the attention of the gentleman fiorn
Missouri, is this 
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman is
taking too much of my time. Let me read for
his information what Mr. Gallatin says:
" Mr. Gallatin, on the admission of Tennessee, was of
opinion tliat the people of the southwestern territory be-
came ipso facto a State the moment they amounted to sixty
thousand free inhabitants, arid that it'becaine the duty of
Congiess as part of the original compact to recognize them
as such, and to admit them into the Union, whenever they
liad satisfactory proof of the fact,"
Now, the gentleman from Tennessee, in his
report and in his remarks just now, states that
when Tennessee applied for admission, it ap-
peared by an official census that she had seventy-
seven thousand two hundred and sixty-two in-
habitants. . So she had. But what has that to do
with this question ? The question we are now dis-
cussing is, what rights had Tennessee under the
ordinance of 1787 ? It..was argued by Madison
and Macon and Gallatin that she had the right of
admission under that ordinance whenever she had
sixty thousand inhabitants, because that ordi-
nance provided that the five States to be carved out
