wm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Missouri we make no such distinction. AH free
white men above the age of twenty-one can vote,
whether they are rich orpoor. We have universal
suffrage, which is the true principle. But we re-
quire residence as a precedent to the right to vote,
and so do nearly all the States? Why is that?
Why can that power be exercised? It is because
the States have a right to regulate their own af-
fairs, and to'govern the right of "Suffrage in their
own way. The Government of the United States
has'no right at all to interfere in the matter.
But another objection made to the admission
of Oregon is, that she has excluded free negroes.
That objection comes with a bad grace from many
gentlemen upen this froor. Sir, how many States
of this U'nion are there that have excluded free
negroes? Does not Ohio exclude them?
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. She did, I believe,
when the Republicans Iiad control of the State.
Illinois excludes them; Indiana excludes them;
and, I believe, several of the New England States
exclude them.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir. . ■
, Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. They do it by
■ statute, if not by constitutional provision. The
doctrine is,"that you can exclude* them by stat-
ute, but not by the fundamental law of the land;
apd it is a strange doctrine, indeed.
Mr. GILMAN. Will the gentleman state
what New England State'excludes free negroes?
* Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I may be m error
about the New England States; butl think Con-
necticut does.
Mr. DEAN. No, sir; the gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Well, I know that
negroes are'great favorftes in New England, and
perhaps they do not exclude them.
Now, I take the ground, Mr. Speaker, (which
may not be very acceptable to some gentlemen
here,) that the negro is not,'and cannot be, a cit-
izen of the United States. As a lawyer, I draw
my views of the construction of the Constitution
of my country from those cotemporaneous with
its formation, and those luminaries who are
placed upon the bench of your courts to construe
and expound the laws and that Constitution
which 1 am sworn to support; and I am not so
vain or so presumptuous as to set up my judg-
ment-above the judgment of th"bse to whom the
peculiar duty is confided of expounding and con-
struing it. Sir, it is the duty of every good citi-
zen to obey the laws of the land. The laws of
the land are made by the Congress of the United
States, and it is the duty of every good citizen to
obey those laws as expounded and construed by
the judiciary.
Now, sir, it was said yesterday, by the honor-
orable member from Tennessee, [Mr. Mavnard,]
that " citi/.ens" and "people" meant the same
thing. Well, in one sense, they do mean the
same thing. ■  
Mr. MAYNARD. Will the gentleman permit
me'to explain the extent of my remark. I meant
within the purview of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. In the sense of
the Constitution of the United States they mean
the same thing, but the gentleman gives them a
wrong application. " Citizens" and "people"
mean the same thing in the view of the Constitu-
tion, but only when the citizen is a part of the
body politic. But do gentlemen suppose that,
when the framers of the Constitution used the
word "citizens," they meant negroes? They
had not advanced as far as some of our friends
have at this day. Sir, they never meant to in-
clude slavesor Africans m the terms "people" or
"citizens." Never. I have the highest authority
under this Government for saymg that they
meant no such thing. In the Dred Scott case,
Judge Taney, in delivering the opinion of the
Court, said:
" The words people of the United States and citi/.ens are
synonymous ternib, and mean the same thing. They both
descnbe the political body, who-, accoiding to our Repub-
lican institutions, form the sovereignty, and who hold the
pvwrr •mil conduct the Government through their Repre-
sentatives. They arc what are lamihdrly culled the sover-
eign people, and every citizen is one of this people, and
a constituent member of ihrg sovereignty. The question
befoie u- is, whether the eiass of peraous desenbed in the
plea m abatement (Dred Scott was a negro) compose a
portion of tins people, and are constituent members ot this
sovereignly ? H e thmk they are not, and weie not intended
to be included under the word citizens, in the Constitution,
and can therefore claim none of the rights and privileges
which that instrument provides for, and secures to, citizens
of the United States."
And again he said:
" In discussing this question, we must not confound the
rights of citizenship which a State may confer within its
own limits, and the rights of citizenship as a member of the
Union."
• In the same opinion We find the following:
" It does not by any means follow, because he lias the
rights and privileges of a citizen of a State, that he must
be a citizen of the United Slates. Hemay have all thenghts-
and privileges of a citizen of a State, and yet not be entnled
to the rights and privileges of a citizen in any other State ;
for previous to the adoption of" the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States every State had the undoubted "right to confer
on whomsoever it pleased the character of citizen, and to
endow him with ail its rights; but this character of course
was confined to the boundaries of the State, arid gave
him no rights or privileges in other States, beyond those
secured to him by the laws of nations and the comity of
States. Nor have the several States surrendered the power
of conferring these rights and privileges by adopting the Con-
stitution of the United States. Each State may still con-
fer them upon an alien, or any one it thinks proper; or upon
.any class or description of persons; yet he would not be a
citizen, in the sense in which that word is used in the Con-
stitution of the United States, nor entitled to sue as such in
one of its courts ; nor to the privileges and immunities of a
citizen in the other States. The rights whichJie would ac-
quire would be restricted to the State which gave them."
Now, it is strange to ffle to find gentlemen
upon this floor objecting to alien suffrage at this
late day. Why, sir, the first constitution of Illi-
nois allowed aliens to vote. They allow them
now to vote after a very short residence. And
aliens have been permitted to vote in all the ter-
ritories, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Grow} has time and again voted for terri-
torial bills allowing it. Did he not do it in the
case of Oregon and of Minnesota? Has he not
done it in the case of every Territory that has
been organized since he has been in Congress?
Now, my position is, that while I would not vote
for alien suffrage, still it is a matter for the State
"of Oregon to determined It would be a dangerous
precedent for Congress to interfere with such a
matter. We have no right or power to do it. So,
too, with reference to the exclusion of free negroes;
it is a matter for their own decision. Negroes
are not citizens, and, therefore, cannot be included
in that clause of the Constitution which provides
that the citizens of each State shall have the same
rights as citizens of other States. They are not
citizens in the contemplation of the Constitution
and do not come within that provision.
Then it is said further that the courts of the
country are closed against this class of people.
Is it not the right of a State to declare who shall
be entitled to sue in her courts ? Can anybody
but a citizen of the United States do it? Has not
the court decided that a negro is not a citizen
of the United States' And will you force a State
to receive within its limitspersons whom the State
is not willing to admit? You would theft estab-
lish for Oregon a rule which is contrary to the rule
established by the highest court of the country
for all the States, and you threaten to exclude her
because she has done as other States have done
in excluding free negroes. I ask is thatfair? is
it just? and is there a man upon this floor who
could maintain his self-respect and vote to exclude
her upon those grounds?
Mr. KELLOGG. I would ask the gentleman
if there has been any other State before this,
which has excluded all persons of color from
suing in their courts?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I cannot be inter-
rupted. I now come to the consideration of the
last objection, and that is, that Oregon has not a
sufficient population. Now, I claim thatOregoii
should be admitted without regard to population.
I urge that Oregon ought to be admited, even
though she has less than sixty thousand inhabit-
ants, because she had a right to believe she would
be admitted, from the fact that the Government
proposed that she should form a constitution, and
also because that constitution was formed before
the enactment of the English bill. But I claim
that Oregon has a sufficient population; I claim
that she has more than one hundred thousand
people within her borders, and I bring up, to sus-
tain my position, the declarations of gentlemen
upon this floor, who know, or ought to know, the
facts m the case. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Grow,] last Congress, stated that
from all the information he then had, Oregon had
ninety thousand people—-two years ago last Feb-
ruary; that she had a population nearly equal
to the ratio of representation upon this floor.
This is the avowal of one upon this floor, who
had the right to know. Bat the gentleman from
Pennsylvania said he made his statement based
upon information obtained fromthe Delegate from
Oregon. Is not that Delegate now here? Is he
not entitled to as much credit now, as then ? Has
he not been among his people since that day, and
does he not know more about them now than he
did then, and are not his assertions entitled to the
same weight as then ?
Mr. GROW. I hope the gentleman does not
understand me as ijuestlomng now the veracity
of the Delegate from Oregon. ■
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I understood that
you did.
Mr.- GROW. I stated that was my authority,
without raising any question of veracity about the
gentleman from Oregon.
Mf. CLARK, of Missouri. The gentleman
says he raises no question of veracity. Then
why is he talking about it? But I did ijot intend
to raise any question of veracitv,between the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania and tne gentleman from
Oregon. My remarks were made m a spirit of
kindness. I wanted to say that the Delegate from%
Oregon was believed by the gentleman then; and
I hoped that no occurrence had" taken place, which
would diminish that confidence now. He gives
the same information now as then; and not only
that, but he gives additional information, which
places her population far above the ratio required
for a Representative here. That I may do no in-
justice, I ask the Delegate to state here, upon this
floor, what he now believes to be the population
of Oregon ?
Mr. LA.NE. Being called upon to state what
I know and what I believe in reference to the pop-
ulation of Oregon, I will do so as briefly as pos-
sible. As was stated yesterday by my friend
from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] at the head of the
Committee on Territories, our population^in'l850,
amounted to about ten thousand. In 1855 we had
a census taken, but it was not a complete one. It
did not do justice to Oregon as to the number of
her people. The 'return, however, as made in
1855, was forty-three thousand four hundred.
Since that time there has been no census tajten;
but I will say to the House that the increase of
population has been going on Constantly from that
time to this; and that the House may know the
extent of that increase of population, I will state
the increase in Douglas county, the county in
which I reside. I happened to be at home in 1855,
when the census was taken. 1 was called upon
by the assessor, who was required', at the same
time that he made the assessment, to take the
census of the inhabitants. That year there were
not over two or three hundred families in that
county; there were no towns, and no settlements,
save one of half a dozen houses. I came here
that fall, and returned in-the spring of 1857. Then
I found that, in the mean time, a county seat had
been located at Roseburg; that the population had
increased to about one thousand people; that, in-
stead of having to go one hundred and forty miles
to get our wheat ground, we had two fine flouring
mills almost in sight of my house; that every
vacant quarter section of land in that county had
been taken up; and that the county could give
more votes the,n than they had entire population .
two years before. The country has been settling
up at that rate from that day to this; and it is safe
to say that we have now, in Oregon Territory,
more than the population requisite for the repre-
sentation of one member upon tfiis floor. We
have the requisite white population.
My friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Botce,]
and 1 regret to see that he is not in his seat, re-
ferred two'years ago, in some remarks he made, to
the statement of Bishop Scott, given to the public
in New York city. Bishop Scott went out to Or-
egon, established his churches, and returned with
a view of getting aid for their continuance. He
left in 1855, and returned the Congress before the
last. He was in Oregon when the last census was
taken. It was then understood and acknowl-
edged that that census did not do justice to the
Territory. In truth, there were fully fifty thou-
sand people then-there.
Bishop Seott, speaking of the extent of Oregon,
its resources. &c., said that, with a population of
fifty thousand scattered all over the Territory) .
