1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
over an immense Territory, it would be seen how
necessary it was to afford aid for his churches.
We have no better man than the Bishop upon the
face of the earth. Though the census stated there
were forty-three thousand and odd, tke Bishop
stated there were fifty thousand, and that was
the basis upon which he spoke. There is a letter
in the hands of the gentleman from Connecticut,
[Mr. Arnold,] from InspectorGeneral Mansfield,
of the United States Army. That gentleman
went all through Oregon on a tour of inspection,
before the census referred to was taken. He in-
spected all the military posts and the forces sta-
tioned at them. Last summer he was ordered
back to Oregon, and he made another tour of that
Territory. In the letter I have referred to he
states that he found the Willamette valley had
settled up tfiickly and was continuing rapidly to
fill up. The farms were in good order, and the
prospects there were of the brightest character.
He believed that the population of Oregon had in-
creased four-fold since his former visit.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER obtained the floor.
Mr. LANE. With the permission of the gen-
tleman, I will make one more remark. I have
not a particle of doubt that the population of Ore-
gon is fully up to the present ratio of congres-
sional representation. If she is kept out now,
when she again has an opportunity to come in she
will be here with only one Representative, yet
with a population of three hundred thousand. Can
you now, upon any principle of justice, refuse
her admission? She has the right now to claim
to come in as a State. I am satisfied that the good
sense of this House will do her justice, and allow
her, under the laws, the privileges she is entitled
to.
Mr. CURTIS. Does the gentleman consider
that Oregon has the population necessary, under
th6 English bill, for admission into the Union ?
Mr. LANE. I do. If I were not satisfied that
Oregon stands here with a sufficient population,
I might, perhaps, say that that basis ought to be
varied. As a general rule, however, I think that
in the admission of new States we ought, in the
future, pretty faithfully to (fbserve the ratio of
representation.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Mr. Speaker,! do not
propose to occupy the time of the House but for
a few moments. As a member of the Committee
on Territories, it became my duty to give this
question a careful examination. I did so; and in
a minority report presented to this House, I gave
the reasons for the conclusion to which I had ar-
rived—that Oregon ought not to be admitted, at
this time, as a State, into the Union. It was my
purpose to examine the question free from all
party bias, and I am sure 1 was free from all dis-
position to put up or to put down any political
party of the country, by the course I might pur-
sue. I examined it with a strict regard to great
principles involved, which are, in niy judgment,
of vast consequence to the permanent well-being
of this country. That report having treated con-
ciscly the more important considerations in this
question, I beg leave to append it to the report of
my remarks; and i shall endeavor, as far as prac-
ticable, to avoid touching upon the points therein
discussed.
As to the question of population, I considered
it with reference to the most reliable data before
the committee. What were these most reliable
and authoritative facts.? We had before us the
latest official census taken, in Oregon, and the
official statements made before the committee by
thcSenatois and Representatives elect, who are
directly interested in favor of bringing Oregon
into the Union. What do these authorities show ?
The last census, taken in 1855-5G, shows that the
population was then but forty-three thousand four
hundred and seventy-two. Though there has
been no census since taken, yet there are other
important facts m this connection. At the time
the census was taken, showing a population of
but little over forty-three thousand, there was a
vote taken foi Delegate m Congress, and also' a
vote upon the question of adoptingaconstitution,
in the first of which ten thousand one hundred
and twenty-one votes were polled, and in the last '
nine thousand two hundred and sixty-one. Two j'
years after, in 1857, another vote was taken for
Delegate and upon the convention question, and I,
the total vote was nine thousand one hundiedaml }l
thirty-three in the first, and nine thousand two
hundred and nineiy-six in the last. tThus we find
that there was no increase of the popular vote
from 1855 to 1857.
Again, another vote was taken last year—1858
—and what does it disclose ? The total vote at
the State election, in June last, was between eleven
and twelve thousand. Have these facts no sig-
nificance? From the elections of 1855-56, when
the whole population was but forty-three thou-
sand four hundred and seventy-two, to the elec-
tion of last June, there was but a very slight in-
crease in the total popular vote. Does not such
a fact stand out in bold relief, and does it not
argue powerfully against the conclusion that there
is now a population equal to the ratio of repre-
sentation? But I now turn to the written state-
ments filed before the committee by the members
elect, interested in the admission of Oregon. One
of the Senators and the Representative elect made
to us a written statement; and do they there as-
sert that Oregon has a population equal to the ra-
tion of representation? They do not. They make
a vague statement that the population must be
between eighty and a hundred thousand. There
is a very wide margin there, and it is very far
from a statement that there is in fact ninety-three
thousand four hundred and twenty. These gen-
tlemen are honorable men; and if they felt satis-
fied that Oregon had a population equal to the
ratio of representation, they would have said so.
We had another official statement before us—
that of the honorable gentleman who nows its here
as the Delegate from Oregon; and who, if Oregon
comes in, will take a seat in the Senate. (And
allow me to state here, in parenthesis, that for
that gentleman personally I have the highest con-
sideration, and I should be personally gratified to
see him in the Senate of the United States.) But
what does he state? He thinks the population of
Oregon " is very nearly equal to the ratio"of rep-
resentation. "Very nearly equal." Heisaconsci*
entious gentleman. He was not willing to make
a statement officially before the committee which
he did not feel satisfied was correct. What we
want is, the evidence that the population is in fact
fully equal to that of a congressional district.
I have acted on such data as this. I have-not
gone into round about calculations, based upon the
taxable property of the Territory, to come to a
conclusion as to what its population is. I am,
therefore, convinced that there is not a particle of
proof before the committee or the House which
ought, for a moment, to make an impression on
its mind that the population of Oregon is, in truth,
equal to the ratio of representation. If that is so,
why ought we not to observe and follow the gen-
eral usages of the country with respect to the ad-
mission of new States? Ought we not to respect
the fact that, of the nineteen States heretofore ad-
mitted into the Union, not one of them, with the
solitary exception of Florida, and that having the
requisite population at the time of application,
was admitted with a population less than the ratio
of representation at the time of admission. Does
any gentleman controvert this?
Mr. LANE. Had Illinois, when she was ad-
mitted, a population equal to the ratio of repre-
sentation'' California had very much less.
Mr. ZOLLFCOFFER. Illinois had the requi-
site population: so had California. The gentle-
man is mistaken. Two years ago I had occasion
to investigate the question, and I made a report
which I now turn to, and which is based on offi-
cial papers found among the archives of the Gov-
ernment. I hold myself ready to prove, from
official documents, that, at the time Hlinois was
admitted into the Union—the ratio of representa-
tion then being but thirty-five thousand—she had
a population of fifty-five thousand two hundred
and eleven, according to the United States census
of 1820. If I do not prove that to the satisfac-
tion of any gentleman, I will yield the whole case.*
California was admitted when the ratio of repre-
sentation was seventy thousand. She then had
^Illinois was admitted December 3, 1 <^18. According to
a paragiaph in Niles's Register, ot July, lttl.8, vol. M, p. ,
a terniotsal cen->u* lecentiv takni haft shown a population \[
of thnly-foui fhou.-and hundred and twenty, bomi*three ':
hundred and pjghtv short of the rntio of implementation.
P>iit tiie United States cen^is taken nearest to the date ot l\
<id'ui-Mon, being that of itfJU,  ivt> d population of fifty j;
tlmn-nndtwo hnridird nnd elr-vtn. f have Mated. jt
bfins tar more than the then ratio.
a population of ninety-two thousand five hundred
and ninety-seven.
Mr. McQUEEN. By the permission of the
gentleman from Tennessee, I will say this: I know
that one of the grounds on which the admission
of California was opposed was, that, when #e
constitution of California, framed by the military
convention', was-referred baek to the people, there
were but thirteen thousand votes cast for its rati-
fication.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I do not pretend fo
know how that particular fact is; it is less mate-
rial; but I repeat, that I am ready to prove what
1 have stated, by official papers that are to be
found in the library of this House.
Mr. McGlUEEN. No census was taken in Cal-
ifornia before her admission* All the data we
had on record was the vote taken on the ratifica-
tion of the constitution. That is my recollection.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. The official census,
taken in June, 1850,showsa population of ninety-
two thousand five hundred and ninety-seven.
California was admitted in September following.
The ratio was then only seventy thousand. I was
adverting to the fact, Mr. Speaker, that this habit
of requiring that a State should have a population
equal to the ratio of representation^ the general
usage of the country. And on what principles of
right and propriety is it founded ? It is founded
in great wisdom, and is, in my judgment, essen-
tial to the safety and durability of the Govern-
ment itself. It is founded on the idea that it is
wrong to give to States having no population
power to control States having great populations;
wrong, for example, to give to a little community
having less than one thirty-fifth part of the pop-
ulation of the State of New York, apower in the
Senate of the United States, and in the House,
in presidential elections, equal to that of such a
State.
Mr. CLAY. 1 ask the gentleman whether he
did not, last winter, vote for the admission of
Kansas-5
-Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I did, sir.
Mr. CLAY. Had she sufficient population?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. No, sir. I thank the
gentleman for giving me an opportunity to state
briefly that I think I was right in voting for the
admission of Kansas; and that in such a case I
ought to have disregarded the question of popu-
lation. There was a great question in that case
which overrode and overshadowed all other ques-
tions. Ilowevergentlemen may have felt, whether
they were pro-slavery or anu-slavery men, all
must agree, that there was an agitation connected
with slavery which convulsed the public mind
from one end of the Union to the other; which
created a crisis that was dangerous to the stabil-
ity of the Government. I felt it my duty in such
a case as that to disregard minor considerations,
and to be controlled by the overshadowing ques-
tions of the day.
Mr. CLAY. I should like to ask my friend
from Tennessee a singleother question; and it is,
whether the admission of new States does not
rest in the sound discretion of Congress, irrespect-
ive of the question of population?
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Yes, sir; unquestion-
ably. But there is the more necessity for Con-
gress exercising a sound discretion. Heretofore,
Congress has done so. The rule fixed should not
be departed from. In return, if the gentleman
will allow me, I should like to ask him a ques-
tion. I ask him if he did not vote for the Eng-
lish bill at the last session, which committed him
and a majority of the House to the principle of
not admitting States into the Union m future, un-
less they had a population equal to the ratio of
representation ?
Mr. CLAY. If the gentleman wishes an an-
swer, I will make it.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I hope the gentleman
will make it briefly.
Mr. CLAY. Very briefly. I voted for the ad-
mission of Kansas last winter, upon precisely the
same ground that my friend from Tennessee voted
for it.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. Then the gentleman
justifies me.
Mr. ('LAY. I cared nothing then for that
clause in the English bill, and care nothing for it
now. I voted for the bill to meet a great neces-
sity.
Mr. ZOLLICOFFER. I am glad to find that
