1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
0?t
pact" referred to are of two kinds, not only those securing
rights, puvdeges, and advantages to "the people of the ter-
ritory," but those seeming rights, privileges, and advantages
to " the Spates in the said terntory," and that in the latter
is to be found the provision ae to " sixty thousand" inhabit-
ants, while the language of the organic act of Oregon as to
the rights granted and securcd tl to the people of the terri-
tory" does not include the latter, or articles of compact with
"the States."
The " articles of compact" are six in number; the first
three and the sixth relating strictly and exclusively to the
rights of" the people of the territory;" the fourth lelating
both to the rights of the people and of " the States" to b&
carved out of the territory, and the fifth relating alone to the
States to he so formed, which last is the one referring to the
terms of admission, and is in the fo'lowing words, to wit:
"Art. 5. There shall be formed in said territoiy not less
than three nor more than five States; and the boundaries
of the States, so soon as Virginia shall alter her act of ces-
sion and consent to the same, shall become fixed and esta-
blished as follows, to wit: The western States in the said
territory shall be bounded by the Mississippi, the Ohio, and
Wabash rivers, a direct line drawn from-the Wabash and
Port Vincent due noitli to the territoiiaUine between the
United States and Canada, and by the said territorial line
to the Lake of the Woods and Mississippi. The middle
States shall be bounded by the said direct line, the Wabash
fiom Port Vincent to the Ohio, by the Ohio by a direct line
drawn due north from the mouth of the Great Miami to the
said territorial line, and by the said territorial line. The
eastern States shall be bounded by the last mentioned di-
rect line, the Ohio, Pennsylvania, and the said teriitonal
line: Provided* however, and u is further understood ami,
declared, that the boundary of these three States shall be
subject so for to be altered that, if Congress shall heieaftcr
find it expedient, they shall have authority to form one or
two States in that part of the said terntoi v which lies north
of an east and west line diawn through the southerly bend
or extremes* Lake Michigan. And whenever'anv of the
said States shall have sixty thousand free inhabitants
therein, such State shall be admitted by its Delegates into
the Congre>s of the United States, on an equal footing with
the original States m all respects whatever: Provided, the
constitution and government so to be formed shall be re-
publican, and m conformity to the principles contained in
these aiticles; and, so far as can be consistent with the
general imprests of the Confedeiacy, such admission *haH
be allowed at an earlier period, and when there may be a
less number of free inhabitants in the State than sixty
thousand."
Now, this article was simply an " article of compact be
tween the ongiria! States" and " the States in the said ter-
ritory "—States located, specifically laid off, and described.
It was wholly distinct fiom the articles of compact with the
people of the territory, which secured to them the important
"rights, privileges, and advantages " of " )i(e," u hbcity,"
" propei ty," " religious worship," " the writ of habeas cor-
pus," "jury trial," and all other rights commonly ineor-
poiated into the several constitutions of the States of the
Union. The language of the Oregon act—" the rights, pnv-
ileges, and advantages granted and secured to the people
of the temtory northwest of the nvei Ohio "—manifestly
related to these, and not to the compact with the " States "
carved out of said terntoiy,which simply laid off then bound-
aries, and guarantied to them admission into the Union upon
the acquisition of sixty thousancLjinhabitarits. To assume
otherwise would invoive us in ^explicable difficulty; to
assume that any part of this fifth section is extended to Or-
egon would bind us to assume that fhe whole of it is; that
is, that "ihere should be formed in the said Terntoiy of
Oiegon not less than thiee nor more than five States," and
then following, as a consequence, all the details as to bound-
aries, with their several specifications, touching the Miami,
the Wabash, the Ohio, tiie Mississippi, &c., which would
be supremely ridiculous. The undeisigned will not, how-
ever, further pursue this branch of the aigument.
There is a single point in the constitution of Oregon,
against which he feels it lus duty to enter lus solemn pro-
test. He alludes to the clause, allowing unnataiahzed aliens
to vote for membeis of the Legislative. lie regatds tins
clause as violative of a fundamental principle Of the Con-
stitution of the United States. It cannot be doubted that
Mich alien electors aie thereby to he regarded as at once
introduced as a component part ol the sovereign powet con-
trolling the Federal Government. They theiebj become,
according to all practical u-age, electors of Repiesentatives
in Congress, electois of those who choose United States
Senators, and hold the ptwer to deteiminc the electois of
Piesident and Vice President of the United States. Tbu^,
to the body of aliens so intioduced into the body politic, is
given a direct or mduect power of control over every de-
partment of the Fedeial Government. This, he re-pe*ct-
lully but earnestly submits, is subvcisiveof the very found-
ation idea of the Government itself.
The Constitution of the United States was established by
the people or citizens of the United State's for their own
benefit, and that of those who aie to come aftei them, and
not foi the benefitof unnaturalized foreigners owing no al-
legiance to the Government, and not bound to defend it.
It was ratified by the States, and they are bound to ob.-erve
and respect its principles. The first clause m the Consti-
tution is the following declaration :
" We, the people of the United States, in order to foqii
a more perfect union, establish justice, injure domestic
tranquility, provide foi the common defense, and secure
the blessings of liberty to ourselves and oui posterity, do
ordain and establish this Constitution for the Um'ed States
of America." The under-igned would call attention to the
words, "the people." The Supreme Court, in fhe i)red
Scott decision, inteipreung tins clause ot the Constitution,
expiessly declares:
"The words, 'the people of the United States' and ■
'citizens,' ark synonjmous terms, and mean the same:
thing. They both desenbe the political body who, accoid-
ing to our republican institutions, form the sovetetgnty,and
who hold the powei and conduct the Government, through ;
their K-'preseutauves. They are what we familiarly call
the 1 sovereign people,' and every citizen is one of tins peo-
ple and a constituent member of this sovereignty."
That is, the Constitution, where it says " the people,'I
means "the citizens," and that "every citizen'" js a
" constituent member of the body politic," who " form the
sovereignty," " hold the power, and conduct the Govern-
ment, through their representatives." But does this ex-
clude "unnaturalized foreigners?" Unquestionably it
does. The Court continues:
" The Constitution has conferred on-Congress the right
to establish a uniform rule of natuiahzation, and this right
is evidently exclusive, and has always been held by this
court to be so. Consequently, no State, since the adoption
of the Constitution, can, by naturalizing an alien, invest him
with the rights and privileges secured to a citizen of a State
under the Federal Government," &c.
Again, says the court:
^Tiie word i citizen' excludes unnaturalized foreigners,
the latter forming no part of the sovereignty, owing it no
allegiance, and aie, theiefore, under no obligations to de-
fend it."
The undersigned believes with the Supreme Court, that
the citizens of the United States are the body politic, " the
sovereignty," and that " unnaturalized foreigners," who
form no paitof the soveieignty, owe it no allegiance, and
are under no obligations to defend it, cannot possibly be
admitted to "hold the power and conduct the Government
through their Representatives" without violence to the Con-
stitution.
He believes, with John C. Calhoun, that " alien" and
"ciii'zen" are correlative terms, and stand in contradis-
tinction to caoh other; that" tlVe effect of natuiahzation is
to remove alienage;" thatto remove alienage is simply to
put the foi ugner in the condition of the native-born that
" whatever difference of opimou there may be as to what
other rights appertain to a citizen, all muat, at least, agree
that he lias the nght ot petition, and aKo to claim the pro-
tection of hta Government. The-jc belong tohim as a mem-
ber of the body politic, and the possession of them is what
separates citizens of the lowest condition fiom aliens and
slaves. To suppose that a State can make an alien a citi-
zen of the State, or, to present the question more specifi-
cally, can cont'd on him the right of voting, would involve
the absurdity of giving him a direct and immediate control
over the action of the Gencial Government,fiom which <he
has no right to claim the protection, and to which he has
no right to present a petition."—(See speech.in Senate,
Apnl 2, 1836.)
it will be seen that Mr. Calhoun held that the " right of
voting" appertains to citizenship. The Supreme Court
expressed the same senti;uenl.in other words—{hat is, that
the citizens form the soveieignty, hold the powei, and con-
duct the Government.. For the right of voting w ihe power
to conduct the Government." Mr. Jellerson said " a re-
public" is "a government by its citizens in mass." (see
letter to John TayloY;) and again, that " the true founda-
tion of republican government is the equal right of every
citizen in his person and pioperty, and m their manage-
ment." (See lettu to Mr. Kerchcval.) These aie hut vari-
ous foims tor expiessing the same fundamental principle
So^enerat has become this concurrence of opinion among
the nio-t accredited expounders of the Constitution, that
Webstei, m his dictionary, defines a " citizen" to be, " in
the United States, a person, native or naturalized, who has
the. puvitege of excusing the elective fianehisc, or the
qualifications which enable him to vote lor i uleis and to pur-
chase and hold real relate:" elsewhere, he says, u the light
to vote lor Governors, Senators, and Repiesentative^, is a
francuiso enjoyed b\ citizen0, and not belonging to aliens."
Mr, Madison iaid. (see The Fedeiuh-.t, p 2it>:) "The defi-
nition of the nght of suftuge j-< very justly icgarded as a
fundamental article of lepublican government. U was in-
cumbent on the convention, therefore, to define and estab-
lish this right in the Constitution." And this they accord-
ingly did in the second section of the first article, as fol-
lows:
The House of Representative* shall be composed of
membeis chosen every second year by the people of the
several States, and theelec-iois in ench State shall have the
qualifications r<*qui-ite for electors of the most numerous
bianch of the State Legislature "
lleie rhe woids " the people " of the several States are,
as the Supreme Court iias declared, equivalent fo"theot-
izens " of the seveial States, and theiefore unquestionably
excludc all but citizens. The word "qualifications" m
the last clause ot the section excludes even a portion of the
citizens, such portion as may be excluded for want of a
fitiehold oi other £: qualification requisite " m the several
States. In some of them, at the time the Constitution was
framed, all citizens not possessing a " freehold" were ex-
cluded, while m other* other qualifications were iequi^ite
for electors of the most numerous branch ot the Legisla-
ture. In some all citizens were allowed to vote; in none,
however, was the nght granted to urmaruiahzed foreigner.
Such a thought as allowing aliens to take part in the elec-
tion of members of Congtess never setfhis to have occuired
to the convention. The word " qualifications " was un-
questionably inteiKied to limit, to restrict, to confine the
body, of voters to such poition of the citizens as were al-
lowed to vote in the seveial States, while the words " the
people of the seveial States" absolutely excluded all
others, because the aliens weie" no part of the soveieignty,
owing it no allegiance, and uader no obligations to de-
fendit."
Upon this point, fortunately, we aie not left to conjec-
ture. The whole debate m convention on the adoption of \
this section of the Constitution is before us. and it throws
a flood of light upon this question. Here is us substance.
Gouvemour Moms mov°d to strike out of this section the
clause iclating to" qualifications," and to inseu instead
none but " freeholders" should vote. The debate then
turned wholly upon this precise issue. Sir. Wilson opposed
the motion of Mi. Moiris on the ground that it would be j
" hard and disagreeable to exclude from voting" those wtio j
vote for representatives m fhe State Legt^latuies. Mr. Ells- j
worth -=aid "the people will not leadily subscribe to the na- J
tiona' Constitution if it sfiould subject them to be disfian- !
chised." Colonel Mason s<ud "eight or nine States have •
extended the right of suffrage bejond freeholders. What j
will the people there say if they should he disfranchised ?"
Mr. Butler "opposed abudgment." Mr, Dickinson sup- '
ported the amendment, advocating "re^tiiction of the right"
ot suffrage to " freeholders." Mi. Madison said "ihe right
of suffrage is certainly one of the fundamental articles'of
republican government, and ought not to he lef t to be regu-
lated by the Legislature." Whether the constitutional qual-
ification ought to be a freehold, would with him depend
much on the reception such a change would meet with by
the people, &e. fn severaJ of the Stateaa freehold was ijow
the qualification. Dr. Franklin was opposed to "the elected
narrowing down.the limits of the.electois." Mr. Mercer
objected to the footing on which the qualification was put.
Mr. fititledge opposed the idea of restraining the right of
suffrage to the freeholders."
Thus the whole body of debaters saw in the word " quali-
fication" nothing but restriction, limitation, narrowing the
limits of the electors. The final conclusion was to narrow
the limits only where the States themselves had expressly
done so—that is, everywhere to let those citizens vote for
Uepiesentauves in Congress who were permitted to vote for
members of the most numerous branch of the State Legis-
lature. But the idea of letting aliens vote is not only ex-
cluded absolutely by the first clause of the section confining
the right to the " people" or citizens-, but from the whole
tenor of the debate it is manifest that it did not enter the
brain of any solitary mem&r of the convention.
The undeisigned does nfet moan to assert that Congress
.can look into file constitution of a Staid asking for admis-
sion, further than to see that it is republican, and not ifi
conflict with that of the United States, oi that the General
Government can regulate the right of suffrage m the Slates.
Far fiom it. It is the right of every State to determine who
of its own citizens shall vote for every office; and in ic^ard
to offices strictly municipal, the States may, constitution-
ally, if they choose, permit aliens to vote. Cut whilst the
States may confer upon aliens rights of citizenship in mat-
ters peitcuning exclusively to the State, they cannot con-
stitute the status of citizenship, they cannot convert aheus
into citizens, that power having been conferred by the Con-
stitution upon Congiess alone, and they cannot, therefore,
give to aliens the rights of citizenship in matters pertaining
to the Federal Government. But to gfve to aliens the right
to vote for members of the State Legislature, as is the case
in the Oregon constitution, gives them incidentally a power
of contiol over every depaitment of the General Govern-
ment, and theiefoie it is our dutytoieost tins innovation
upon the rights of the Gencial Government at the very
threshold.
As the people framed and the States ratified the General
Government as it is constituted, they are bound by every
considetauon of good faith to «iandby it in its letter and
spirit Whilst the lights of the States as they have booh re-
served should be sedulously maintained, those rights which
have been conceded to the Genmal Government should not
be ruthlessly ignored. Especially is this true with leg.ird to
those elemental principles upon which rests its self-pieser- gfe
vation. TheGcneral Government stands between us-and all
foreign innovation or invasion. It was established by the
citizens of the United States for their own benefit, and tho
benefit of those who are to become citizens by bit th light or
naturalization. In all elective governments, in all ages, from
the time of thcGiecian republics down to our own time, the
nght of suffrage has been held to belong to none but citizens.
This fundamental principle of self-preservation having been
fully gianted to out General Government, it is unwise and
unsafe to ignore it, and give thoughtlessly the destinies of
such a Government into the hands of those wlio " owe it
no allegiance," have " no nght to claim its protection," or
even to present to it " a petition."
When a State has once been admitted into the Union,
with such ptovision as that pointed out in the Oregon con-
stitution, the undersigned would ijpt counscl coercion by
the Federal Government to-brmg about a change. But when
a Teiritory asks to put on the gai b ot State sovereignty and
to be admitted mfo the Umon^, m bis judgment, the pre-
cise point o! tune at winch to make this issue. Such pro-
posed State should be required to confoim, to use the lan-
guage of Mr. Madison, to the "fundamental aitieles of
republican government," partieuloily that great fnst aiticle
Tvhieh icgards a " i epubiic," to use the language of Mr.
Jefferson, as " a Government by its citizens m mass." In
tin- particular the Oregon constitution is not only not " re-
publican." but is in rin ecc conflict with the Constitution of
the United States. For this and the foregoing reasons the
undersigned is constrained to withhold Ins assent from the
bill admitting Oregon into the Union.
I<\ K. ZOLL[COFFER.]
Mr. COMINS. 'When, yesterday, the debate
commenced on the admission of Oiegon, it was
not my intention to participate in it. And now,
if the House will give me its attention, I will not
occupy more than fifteen minutes of its time.
At the opening of the Thirty-Fourth Congress
three embryo States were about to emerge from
their provincial condition and become membeis of
the Confederacy of the United States. At that
time there was scarcely a man m the section of
the country which I, m part, have the honor to
represent, who was not ready and eager to bid
welcome to Minnesota, Kansas, and Oregon.
Minnesota has been admitted. The history of
Kansas is familiar to the world. The repeal of the
Missouri compromise comprises its first chapter.
A compromise which was never approved by
northern men; those who voted for its passage, *
from the free States, voted for it to die. It was ac-
quiesced in to prevent discord, and as promotive
of union and harmony. Under the plausible pre-
tense of popular sovereignty, it was repealed to
gratify the personal and political ambition of men.
Sir, paradoxical as it may seem, the same fatal-
ity which attended those who voted for us pas-
