359
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
35th: Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
and he hereby is, directed to place the name of
Kennedy O'Brien on the list of invalid pension-
ers, and that said O'Brien be paid a pension, at
the rate of eight dollars per month, from the first
day of January, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-four.
Approved, February 28, 1859.
Chap. LXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Captain
A. W. Reynolds.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and he is hereby, authorized and required to
pay to Captain A. W. Reynolds, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of four hundred and thirty dol-
lars and sixty-three cents, with legal interest
thereon from the fourth day of September, anno
Domini eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, the
date of the rendition of the award of the arbitra-
tors, R. T. Matthews, Charles I. Biddle, and
Rush Van Dyke, in the ease of the United States
against A. W. Reynolds—till paid; and the said
Secretary of the Treasury is hereby directed to
pay to the parties legally entitled, the costs, as
stated in the said award, upon the presentation
of the proper evidence and certificates from the
District Court of the United States.
Approved, March 1,1859.
Chap. LXX.—An Act for the Relief of William
Rich.
Me it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and [lie] is hereby, directed to pay, out of any
mony in the Treasury n<5t otherwise appropriated,
to William Rich, late United States secretary of
legation in Mexico, eight hundred and thirty dol-
lars, it being the difference between the compen-
sation allowed to a secretary of legation and that
to a charge d'affaires, for the period during which
he acted in the latter capacity.
Approved, March 1, 1859.
Chap. LXXI,—An Act for the Relief of John
Pickell, late a Lieutenant in the United States
Army.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to place the name of John Pickell, late a
lieutenant in the Army, upon the roll of invalid
pensioners, and to pay or cause to be paid to him
such full pension per month as is allowed to offi-
cers of his rank, under existing invalid pension
laws; such pension to commence from the firstday
of November, one thousand eight hundred and
fifty-seven.
Approved, March 2, 1859.
Chap. LXX1I.—AnActforthe Relief ofAnthony
Casio, a soldier in the war of eighteen hundred
anil twelve.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ojtlie United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, directed to allow and pay to
Anthony Casio, otherwise known as Anthony
Castle, an invalid pensioner, an amount equal to
two dollars and sixty-six cents per month, fiom
the twemv-fifth day of May, one thousand eight
hundred and sixteen, to the twenty-fifth day of
May, one thousand eight hundred and fifty-one,
the date at which his name was entered on the
roll of invalid pensioners.
Approved, Maich 2,1859.
Chap. LXXIII.—An Act to provide for the en-
rollment and license of the Brig Cumberland.
Whereas a certain brig known as thebri^ Cum-
berland, was built at Cleveland, in the State of
Ohio, and was wrecked upon the Canadian shore
of Lake Erie, and became to some extent the
property of Canadian owners; and whereas the
said brig is now, in virtue of a judicial sale by a
competent court of the United States, the prop-
erty of Charles L. Flint and. of the heirs of .Ed-
ward-0. Gould, deceased: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and empowered to
direct the enrollment of the said brig Cumberland
at the port of Buffalo, in the State of New York,
in the names of Charles L. Mint and of Phares
Gould, in behalf of the heirs of Edward 0. Gould,
and the license of tlje said brig for the coasting
trade upon the great lakes, and the navigable
Waters connected therewith, upon the usual foot-
ing of American vessels.
Approved, March 2,1859.
Chap. LXXXIX.—An Act for the Relief of Jane
Turnbull.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and required to place
the name of Jane Turnbull, widow of the late
Colonel William Turnbull, of the Army of the
United States, on the pension roll, at the rate of
thirty dollars per month, from the tenth day of
December, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, for
and during her natural life.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. XC.—An Act for the Relief of Prances Ann
McCauley.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Frances Ann McCauley, widow of Daniel S.
McCauley, deceased, late consul general of the
United States at Alexandria, in Egypt, the sum
of four thousand two hundred dollars, for com-
pensation for judicial services performed by her
said husband while holding said office, from the
fourteenth day of August, eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, to the twenty-sixth day of October,
eighteen hundred and fifty-two, under the act of
Congress entitled " An act to carry into effect
certain provisions in the treaties between the Uni-
ted States and China and the Ottoman Porte,
giving certain judicial powers to ministers and
consuls of the United States in those countries,"
approved August eleventh,eighteen hundred and
forty-eight, at the rate of one thousand dollars
per annum.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. XCI.—An Act for the Relief of Eli W.
Goff.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Jimerica in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officer of
the Treasury, upon satisfactory proof being pre-
sented that Eli W. Goff, late inspector of customs
for the district of Vermont, actually sustained
damages and losses by his efforts faithfully to ex-
ecute the revenue laws of the United States, be,
and he is hereby, directed to audit the account of
the said Goff, and pay to him the amount of said
damages and losses thus proven, outof any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated: Pro-
vided, That the amount allowed the said Goff
shall be for damages resulting directly from a
proper discharge of his legal duties as inspector
of customs, and shall not exceed the sum of five
thousand dollars.
Approved, March 3,1859.
Chap. XCII.—An Act for the Relief of Mary B.
Dusenbery.
Bt it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimerica in Congress
assembled, That the name of Mary B. Dusenbery
be placed on the pension rolls at the sum of thirty
dollars per month, to commence on the third day
of December, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, and
continue for tne term of five years.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. XCIII.—An Act to provide for the final
settlement of the Land Claim of the persons
claiming as heirs of, or under Jehu Underwood,
as purchaser or otherwise, to certain Land in
Florida, and to confirm the title to the proper
owner or owners.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That the claim and title, derived from
the Spanish Government by John or Jehu Un-
derwood, to land in the State of Florida, so far as
the same remains unsettled, shall be received and
adjudicated by the judge of the district court of
the northern district of Florida, upon the petition
of the heirs of said Underwood, or of any other
person or persons claiming under him as pur-
chasers or otherwise, according to the forms, rules,
and regulations prescribed by Congress m sim-
ilar cases, and in the same manner, in all respects,
as such claim would have been received and ad-
judicated if said claim had been presented within
the time prescribed by the several acts of Con-
gress for presenting the same for confirmation.
And so far as said claim is unsettled, and is found
to be valid, the said district court shall, and is
hereby authorized and required to, enforce the
location thereof to the person or persons entitled
thereto, as heirs, purchasers, or otherwise, under
the same roles and regulations as have been ex-
ercised in regard to other mill grants in Florida.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap.XCIY.—An Act for the Relief of Edward
Ingersoll.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he
is hereby, authorized and directed to pay to Ed-
ward Ingersoll, military storekeeper at Springfield,
Massachusetts, the sum of three hundred and
thirty-five dollars and seventy-five cents, being
the amount of a judgment with cost against him
for the hire of carriages used by the board of
commissioners (appointed under the act of third
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-three) while
in the discharge of their duties at said Springfield
armory.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. XCV.—An Act for the Relief of James A
Glanding.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior bo
authorized and directed to place the name of
James A. Glanding, of Pennsylvania, on the list
of invalid pensioners, at the rate of eight dollars
per month, commencing on the third day of De-
cember, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, to con-
tinue during his natural life.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. XCVI.—An Act for the Relief of Jamea
Collier.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimerica in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to cause
to be paid to James Collier, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of nine thousand five hundred and eighty dollars
and twenty-seven cents, being the amount (with
its interest at the rate of six per centum per an-
num) found due from the United States to said
Collier in a certain action tried and determined ia
the circuit court of the United States for the south-
ern district of New York, second circuit held on
the thirtieth day of November, anno Domini
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, wherein the Uni-
ted States was plaintiff and said James Collier was
defendant, and in which action said court, upon
the verdict of a jury, certified that there was then
due from the tfnited States to said Collier the
sum of eight thousand one hundred and ten dol-
lars and twenty-nine cents, and which proceed-
ings of said circuit court were afterwards affirmed
by the Supreme Court of the United States at its
December term, anno Domini eighteen hundred
and fifty-seven.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
