1859.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
353
Laws of the United States.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
Chap. XCVII.—An Act for the Relief of the As-
signees of Hugh Glenn.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to pay
to the legal assignees of Hugh Glenn, or their
personal representatives, the sum of six thousand
nine hundred and seventy-one dbllars and twenty-
six cents, in full of a balance of a judgment cer-
tified by the United States district court for the
district of Kentucky, at the December term,
eighteen hundred and twenty-two, in favor of the
said Hugh Glenn, in a suit wherein the United
States was plaintiff and the said Hugh Glenn was
defendant; the said sum having been assigned by
the said Hugh Glenn, the said assignees filing
with the said Secretary good and sufficient evi-
dence of said assignment and of present subsist-
ing title thereto.
Approved, March 3,1859.
Chap. XCVIII.—An Act for the Relief of Enoch
B. Talcott, late Collector of Customs at Os-
wego, New York.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of -America in CQ7igress
assembled, That there shall be paid to Enoch B.
Talcott, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, four hundred and fifty-
two dolla.rs and ninety-seven cents, the amount
lost by him by the robbery of the custom-house
at Oswego, New York, on the night of December
ninth, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, whilst
he was the collector of customs for that dis-
trict.
Approved, March 3,1859.
Chap. XCIX.—An Act for the Relief of William
M. Harrison.
Be it enacted by the Senate and Home of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of'America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed in the settlement of the
accounts of William M. Harrison, collector of
customs for the port of Richmond, Virginia, to
allow the said Harrison the sum of ($3,503) three
thousand five hundred and three dollars, the bal-
ance missing of the money stolen from the cus-
tom-house on the night of twelfth October, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven; and the further sum
of ($1,332 68) thirteen hundred and thirty-two
dollars sixty-eight cents, it being the amount of
reward paid by the said Harrison for the recov-
ery of the stolen money and the conviction of the
thieves.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. C.—An Act for the Relief of Lucy A.
Wakefield, Widow of Benjamin Wakefield.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the proper accounting officers of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
and directed to pay to Lucy A. Wakefield, the
widow of Benjamin Wakefield, or in case of her
death, then to his child or children, the amount
of the appropriation made for the relief of the
said Benjamin Wakefield by act of Congress of
date June the fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
eight.
Approved, March 3, 1859.
Chap. CI.—An Act for the Relief of Ferdinand
Coxe.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, directed, out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to pay
to Ferdinand Coxe the sum of six hundred and
sixty-two dollars and sixty-nine cents, being in
full for his salary as charge d 'affaires at the court
of Brazil, from the twelfth day of May, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, to the sixteenth day of
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-three, inclu-
sive; the said sum being the difference between
said Coxe's salary as secretary of legation and
the full salary of charge d'affaires.
Approved, March 3,1859.
Chap. CII.—An Act for the Relief of John Perry,
of Illinois.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, authorized and directed to place
the name of Jolin Perry, of Illinois, on the listof
invalid pensioners, at the rate of ei^ht dollars per
month, commencing on the fifteenth day of Feb-
ruary, anno Domini one thousand eight hundred
and fifty-eight, and continue during his natural
life.
Approved, March 3,1859.
PRIVATE RESOLUTIONS.
No. 3.—A Resolution for the Relief of William
Hazzard Wigg.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury
be, and [he] is hereby, directed to examine and
readjust the accounts of William Hazzard Wigg,
stated under authority of the act of Congress for
his relief, approved on the third of March, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-three, and ascertain the
alleged clerical error whereby the sum of one
thousand five hundred and sixty dollars is sup-
posed to have been withheld,and to pay the same
to him out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, according to the true in-
tent and meaning of said act.
Approved, February 2, 1859.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution to correct a clerical
error in " An Act for the Relief of Isaac Body
and Samuel Fleming. *'
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
[ atives of the United States of America in Congress
| assembled, That the words C( the northwest quar-
! ter of section twenty," where they occur in the
' "Act for the relief of Isaac Body and Samuel
Fleming," approved June fifth, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, shall read, and be held to mean,
the northwest quarter of section twenty-7une, the
word 71 ine having been erroneously omitted from
said act.
Approved, February 5, 1859.
No. 11.—Joint Resolution for the Relief of Mi-
chael Pnpprcniza.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President be, and he is here-
by, authorized to extend the provisions of the
joint resolution approved March three, eighteen
hundred and fifty-three, entitled " A resolution
for the relief of the Spanish consul and other
subjects of Spain residing at Key West, by in-
demnity for losses occasioned in the year eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-one," to the case of one
Michael Pappreniza, an Austrian subject, who,
it is alleged, sustained losses at the same time in
consequence of his being supposed to be a Span-
iard: Provided, That the amount allowed as in-
demnity to said Pappreniza shall not exceed the
sum of two hundred dollars.
Approved, February 26, 1859.
New Series.—No. 23.
