THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11.
patriotism should exte'nd to another new State;
such, sir, as becomes the birthday of a nation.
This people comes before us- in accordance with
the formS"of law, and upon the invitation of this
House; and it is too late to apply a party test upon
thi« question. On the 19th of May last, a vote was
tafi^n irt the Senate upon the admission nt Oregon,
■ten Republican Senators voted for her admis-
sion, white siS Republican Senators only voted
against her admission; and, sir, 1 have not Heard
of an^ attempt on the part of the six Senators
who voted for the rejection of Oregon to read out
of the Republican party the ten Senators who
voted for her admission; and if that attempt is
How to lie made, we will see whether it is in fhe
power of a minority of the people to read a ma-
jority out of the party.
But, sir, who are these people of Oregon who
come here now, asking admission? They are the
pilgrims of* the Pacific coast. If they are fanatics
upon some subjects, we can refer to the pilgrims
of the Atlantic coaift, who also were fanatics upon
some subjects.' But, sir, if fhe pilgrims of the At-
lantic coast finally became examples to the world
in all that exalts our race, may we not hope that
the pilgrims of the Paftific coast may yet become
worthy of our esteem? Nearly one quarter of a
century ago, in my boyhood, I studied the ad-
ventures'of those men, who founded upon the
western shore of the American continent what
are now the cities of Oregon and Astoria. -These
men, who were then in the vigor' of their lives,
are now old men—gray-haired and trembling with
age. Their work of life is nearly completed; and
this day they are sitting by their hearthstones,
waiting to knofy what is to be the result of our
deliberations; waiting to know whether the proud
consummation to which they have aspired for the
last twenty jjPRrS, is now reached; and whether
Oregon, which, in toil and trial, in defiance of
danger and of death, and with persistence and
endurance such as belong only to our race, they
have brought to her present proud and prosper-
ous condition, is now to be placed upon an equal-
ity with the original States of this Confederacy.
These are the men who have carried our insti-
tutions to the remotest boundaries of o,ur Republic.
These are the veterans'of the' artrof peace. Amer-
ican valor with conquering arms has-carried our
flag by Monterey and Chapultepec, until it was
planted upon the halls of the Montezumas. But
far beyond those halls have these heroes-borne
the victorious arts of peace. In the Territory of
Oregon theyshave established our free institutions.
There, sir, strfing and cfeep they have laid' the
foundations of a free State, and they come here,
•like the wise men of the 'East, not asking gifts,
but bringing gifts; in that respect unlike our mili-
tary men who expect and receive honors and re-
wards for their services. What do they bring?
Why, sir, the trophies of their own labor, the evi-
dences of their own worth. They present before
us the cities and towns which they have founded.
They present schools, churches, and workshops.
They bring all, all tire products of iheir labor, and
place them upon the altar of the Union, a pledge
for the common welfare and the common defense.
And what are we doing here? Why, sir, quib-
bling about things which are comparatively un-
essential, antf which pertain exclusively to the
people of Oregon and not to us or our duties here;
quibbling about points which, if New York or
Massachussetts were in the place of Oregon,
would secure some votes on this side against their
admission. Massachusetts, which you know, sir,
1 never defend anywhere, even Massachusetts
does not allow the negro to be enrolled in the mi-
litia of the State. These, then, are the men who
corae here; and what if they have some ideas and
sentiments with which we do not agree ? Is that
a reason why we should excommunicate them,
that we should have nothing hereafter to do with
them >
What law ofreformation is this? Itis the phar-
isaical law of repulsion, distance, and distrust. It
is not the Christian lav/ of contact, confidence,
and association. The pharisees denounced the
founder of Christianity as " the friend of publi-
cans and sinners." That class would repel all
who would not Agree with them to the fullest ex-
tent. Shall we pursuer a similar course in relation
to the people of Oregon? Is it wise to do so ? Is
it expedient to reject her application on such
grounds ?
What objections do Republicans present to this
application? They say that there is not sufficient
population,and they claim that it is their mission
to see that the Democratic party shall recover its
consistency. At whose expense ? At the expense
of the'consistency of tRe Republican party. I
submit that it is better for the Republican party
to preserve for itself the consistency which it pos-
sesses, rather than attempt to recover for the
Democratic party the consistency which they have
lost.
Then, sir, in relation to this qualification of
population, what is the position of the Republican
party, and what has it been? This party, by
its Representatives, voted for the admission of
Kansas under the Topeka constitution, with less
than one half of the present population of Oregon.
The Republican party in the HouSe, without one
exception, so far as I know, voted for the enabling
act inviting Oregon to come here, with a consti-
tutioh, to be admitted as a State. I have no dis-
position, and there is no need, to inquire here
what is the population of Oregon; for, aS a Re-
publican, I am pledged to no rule on this subject.
I opposed, asdid my colleague, and my friends on
this side of the House, the restriction which was
put upon the Territory of Kansas. We protested
against it then, and protest against it now. We
have no sympathy whatever with that restriction,
and are ready, at any tirtfe, to give an honest
vote for its repeal.
Another objection is urged against the clause
in the constitution of Oregon which excludes
negroes and mulattoes from that Territory; and,
in addition, provides that they shall not bring
any suit therein. It is said that this is in contra-
vention of the Constitution of the United States.
What if it is ? I have-not sworn that the people
of Oregon shall obey the Constitution of the
United States. I do not admit that this is in con-
travention of the Constitution of the United States.
I do not now discuss that point. But even if it
were, I have sworn myself to support the Con-
stitution of the United States, ariu not that any-
body else shall do so.
But, sir, this provision is no more hostile to
the Umted.States Constitution than are the laws
of Indiana and Illinois which exclude free negroes
and mulattoes from their boundaries. Certainly
not. It is no more to exclude the suit of the man
than to exclude the man himself. Is the negro
less than his suit? I contend that he is greater
than his suit. The greater contains the less, and
the statutes of Illinois and Indiana are as uncon-
stitutional as is the provision of the Oregon con-
stitution. But it does seem, at the first view, that
it was a wanton and unprovoked outrage upon
the rights of these men who are excluded from
that State. I think there is a real apology for the
action of the States of Illinois and Indiana. They
are in close proximity to the institution ofslavery.
They are under the shadow of the dying tree.of
slavery, and its decaying limbs are constantly
threatening to fall upon their heads; and I cannot
censure them for taking such means as they see
fit to protect themselves from suchimminent peril.
I am not disposed to call into question the right
or constitutionality of their action.
Is there no apology, then, for the people of Ore-
gon ? Have they committed a wanton and un-
provoked outrage upon the rights of negroes and
mulattoes in excluding tliem from that Territory ?
I say that there is an apology, and that it consists
in this: they believed that they were obliged to
choose between a free State constitution with this
provision, and a slave State constitution without
it. There were three parties in the Territory at
the time this constitution was made and adopted.
There was the free-State party, which was com-
posed of free-State Democrats and Republicans.
There was the pro-slavery party, in favor of a
slave State. There was, between these two, a very
considerable party, supposed to hold the balance
of power, and that party I may characterize as
the anti-negro party. They said that they would
sooner vote for a slave State than for a free*State
with a constitution admitting free negroes and
mulattoes. They preferred to have slaves in Ore-
gon ralher than free negroes; and it was for the
purpose of securing their vote for a free State that
the Republicans anil free-State Democrats inserted
and advocated this provision.* The leading Re-
publicans of that Territory advocated the adop-
tion of the constitution containing this provision.
Mr. Logan, who received every Republican vote
for United States Senator, advocated, on the
stump, the4idoption of the constitution with this
clause.
What was the vote'? Why, sir, this clause of
the constitution had a majority of seven thousand
five hundred and fifty-mne votes; while the con-
stitution itself had a majority of only four thou-
sand votes. The Democratic majority in the Ter-
ritory, as shown in the election of a Representa-
tive to this House, was only one thousand six
hundred and thirteen votes. Then it is proved
by the official record, that the Republican party
combined with: the free-State Democratic party,
to sanction and ratify this provision of the con-
stitution which is here called in question. There
is^lso abundant evidence, outside of the record,
to satisfy any one that such is the fact. This,
then, is the apology for the action of the people
of Oregon on this question. What Republican,
or what friend of free States, is justified, under
these circumstances, in voting to exclude the peo-
ple of Oregon from this Confederacy on account
of this provision, which is only an expedient, anfl
not a thing for practical use? It is very easy, at
this distance, to censure the people of Oregon, and
to pronounce judgment against them; but such
judgment may be neither wise nor just.
"Then at the balance let's be mute,
We never can adjust it;
What's done we partly may^ompute,
But know not what's resisted."
But, sir, there is another objection urged' from
certain quarters, with great pertinacity. I mean
the objection to the suffrage of aliens. The con-
stitution of Oregon, in respect to alien suffrage,is
certainly more stringent than the law of some of
the States of the Union, and less stringent than
that of others. It is the same as the territorial
law has been during the last ten years. It re-
quires a residence of twelve months in the Uni-
ted States, and of six months in Oregon. It re-
quires that the sworn declaration of an intention
to become a citizen of the United States shall have
been on file at least one year. What was the in-
ducement for that encouragement of aliens? .The
wages of labor are now, and have been, in Oregon,
double what they are on the Atlantic coast; and
I ask, would it be expedient or wise for Oregon
'to drive away from her borders the emigration
from Europe, on which she has to rely for devel-
oping the resources of the country ? Certainly
not. Such a policy would have been disastrous
in the extreme to the young State. It was wise
and prudent, therefore, for Oregon to invite and
encourage that immigration winch 'she so much
needs, to develop her great resources, and to se-
cure for her the products of her natural wealth.
These, sir, are among the plausible and ostens-
ible objections that have been urged on this side
of the House against the admission of Oregon.
There is yet another argument: that Kansas has
been excluded from the Union by the action of
the Democratic party; and that, therefore, Re-
publicans ought to exclude Oregon. The argu-
ment amounts to this: that we should abuse Ore-
gon because the Democratic party have abused
Kansas. Now I, for one, am quite content that
the record of the Republicans, in respect to Kan-
sas, should be better than the record of the Dem-
ocratic party. I am quite content that the record
of the Democratic party, in respect to Kansas,
should be just what it is; and I do not think it is
possible very much to improve the Republican
record, or to impair the Democratic record. Are
we to sacrifice our own political principles and ad-
vantages for the sake of compelling the Demo-
cratic party to a consistency of action ? Are we
bound, as a party, tt> sacrifice our own consist-
ency in doing so ? Certainly not. I think the
Republican party has another, and, to my mind,
a less difficult mission to perform; and that is, to
preseive its own consistency.
These are some of the palpable objections that
have been urged'on this floor. I come now to
some for which I thank the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Hughes.] He has presented to the
House some secret objections wjiich the Republi-
cans are said to have to the admission of Oregon.
The first is, that the Republicans are opposed to
the admission of Oregon because it is a Dem-
ocratic State. Now, sir, does not the gentleman
from Indiana understand that the Republican
party is not so devoid of sagacity as to fail to see
