978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
tutioB nugatory. J do not deem it necessary to dwell on
this point, as I understood my colleague as acquiescing in
its correctness.
" I am new prepared to decide the question which my I
colleague has raised. I have shown that a citizen is not an i
alien, and that alienage iy an insuperable bainer, till rc- ;
mo^ed, to ciuzenbhip; and that it can only he removed by ;
complying with the act of Coagress. It iollows of course j
t^a& a State cannot, of its own authority, make an alien a 1
. citizen without such "compliance. To suppose it can, in- :
volves, m my opiuion, a confusion of ideas which must lead !
to innumerable absurdities and <?onuadictions. I propose 1
tos nouce but $ lew." ****** <
*" Whatever difference of opinion there may be as to what 1
other rights appertain to a citizen, all must "at least agiee ,
that he has the right to petition, and also to claim the pro- |
tection of his Government. These belong to him as a mem- :
ber of the body politic; and the possession of them is what 1
separates citizens of the lowest condition from aliens and .
slaves. To suppose that a State can make an alien a citi- j
zan of the State, or, to present the question more special ly, 1
can confer on him the right of voting, would involve the ab-
surdity of giving him a direct aad imuiwchate control over
the acticfft of the General Government, from which he has
no right to claim the protection, and to which he has no
rigHt to present a petition. That the full force of the absurd-
ity may be felt, it must be borne in mind that every depart-
ment of the General Government is cither directly or indi-
rectly under the control ot the voters in the sevei al States.
The Constitution wisely provides that the voters for the
mosr numerous branch ot the Legislature in the several
States shall vote for the members of the Hondo of Repre-
sentatives; and as the members of this bodv are chosen by
the Legislatures of the States, and the presidential electors
eitfeer by the Legislatures or voters 111 the seveial States, it
follows, as t have stated, that the action of the General
Government is either dnectly or mduectJy under the con-
trol of the voters in the seveial States. Now, admit that a
State may confer the right of voting 011 all aliens, and it 1
will follow, as a necessary consequence, that we might ]
have among our constituents persons who have not the right 1
to claim the protection of the Government, or to present a j
petition to it. 1 wotild ask my colleague if he would will- 1
ingly bear the relation ot representative to those who could ,
•not claim Ins aid, as Senator, to piotect them from oppres- !
sion, or to present a petition through him to the Senate, !
praying for a redress of grievance? And yet s>uch might be i
his coudition on the principle for which he contends. I
"But a sjtilf greater ditlicultv remains. Suppose a war i
should be declaied between the United tftatc-5 and the coun- j
Vy to which the alien belongs—aupposp, tor instance, that j
South Carolina should conler the right to vote on alien sub- 1
jects of Great Butam residing within her limits, and that !
war should be declared between tiie two countries : what,
in such event, would he the condition of that portion of our J
voters? They, as alien enemies, would be liable to be I
seized under the laws ol uongress, and to have their goods ■
confiscated, and themselves nnpn&oncd, or cent out of the*!
country. The principle that leads to such consequences can- !
not be true; and f venture nothing in asserting that Uaio- :
Jina, at least, will never give it her sanction. She never
will assent to incorporate, as member-* of her body politic,
those who might be placed in so degraded a condition, and
so completely under the control of the General Government.
But lee us pass from these (as it appears to me conclusive)
views, and liiquue what were the objects of the Constitu-
tion in conferring on Congress the authonty of passing uni-
form laws of naturalization—from which, it" I mistake not,
arguments not less conclusive may be drawn in support of
the position for which I extend.
" In conferring this po\ver, the fiamer* of the Constitu-
tion must have had two objects, m view ; one to prevent
competition between the States m holding out inducements
for the emigration of foreigner, and the other to prevent
their improper, influence over the General Government,
through buch States as might naturalize foreigners, and
could confer on them the right of exorcising an elective
franchise, before they could be sufficiently inlormed ot the
nature of our institutions, or were interested m their pres- s
ervalion. Both oi the&e objects would ^e defeated^ it the
States may confer 011 alrens the nghtof voting and the other ,
privileges belonging to citizens. On that supposition, it j
would be almost impossible to conceive what good could be
obtained or evif prevented byconfernng the poweron Con-
gress. The power would be perfectly nugatory. A State ■.
might hold out every impropet inducement to emigration '
as freely as if the power did not c.\u j and might confer ;
on the alipn all the political rights and pnvileges belonging j
to a native-born citizen ; not only to the great injury ot the !
State, but to an improper control of the Governinentof the ;
Union.
" To illustrate what I have said, suppose the dominant ]
party in New Yoik, finding political power about to depart 1
from them, should, to maintain their ascendency, extend !
the right of suffuige to the thousand5* of aliens of every lan- '
guage, and from every poition of the world, that annually !
pour into her great ompvnnm: how deeply might the destiny '
of the whole I'mori affccted by £*ueh a measure! It ,
might, in fact, place the control over the General Govern-
ment m the hands of those who know nothing of our insu- j
tutions, and are mdifreifnt as to the interests of the coun- 1
try. New York jjivg- akout one  ixth of the electoral vote* i
111 the choice of Pie^idciu and Vice Piesident; and it is well 1
known thathei pol.tie.il institutions keep the State nearly j
equally divided into tv\ u great political panics. The addi-
tion of a few thousand votes either way might turn the
scale; and the eh'Uo: > might, 111 fact, owe their election, 1
on tiie suppo-mou, to the votes of unnatuiahzcd loreigncrs.
The piesidentnl eh;- tb.a might depend on the electoral vote j
of the State, and n Prevalent he chosen in reality by them; 1
that is, they nn^it q,\\- us a king, tor, under the usurpations I
oi the pievent Clnet Magistiate, the Piesident is hi fact a , |
king. I ask my * ollear>ue it we ought willingly to yield our ' i
assent to a prmcipi" that would load to sucn results, and if !
there be any dan'2"i i.a the side for winch I contend, com-
parable to those whn h I have stated r 1 know how sincere
he is m the truth of rh« position for winch he contend-*, and '
that his opinion was founded anterior to this discussion. We j
have raieiy difivntd in om on the questions which
have come before the Senate; and I deeply regret, as I am
sure he "does, that we should differ on this highly-important
subject.*'
But, sir, a grave objection which I made to the
admission of Oregon is this: at the last session of
Congress, it is well known by some of my col-
leagues, and by no one of them better than by the
chairman of the Committee on Territories, [Mr.
Stephens,] that I was by no means in love with
the bilVknowjn as the English compromise. The
best I could make of it, after examination, was
that it was a sort of euthanasy, an easy death
provided for the Democratic party, in the debil-
itated condition to which they had already been
previously reduced. I was not disposed to thwart
that party in that matter, but was willing to give
them the means of transit they dfesired, to cut
loose from the Kansas question—a question which,
left to me, would never have arisen, nor assumed
the perilous shape it did. I did consent, with some
reluctance, upon assurances by gentlemen who
^had the means of knowing, that good would come
of it, or at all events that peace would come to
theiiation; to overcome some scruples in relation
to voting for the bill. Being necessarily absent at
the time, I agreed to be paired off upon the final
vote, because of the great feature which was in- 
corporatcd in it, for the first time in the history
of our legislation, of requiring a population jequal
to the ratio of representation for a member upon
this floor. There I planted myself, and there I
thought the advocates of the measuie had placed
themselves firmly, never to abandon it. .But it
seems that in this I was mistaken. Ingenious
arguments are now resorted to to show that there
is no deficiency in the population of Oregon; but
that it is ample. We are culled upon to infer, from
a census taken years ago, that according to the
probable increase of population there is a suffi-
cient population, and even that it amounts to one
hundred thousand. If I was convinced that such
is the case, after having done what I did do, 1
should consider it a departure from principle in
me to consent to vote for the admission of "this
State until the same rule was applied for the ascer-
tainment of her population that was applied to
Kansas. That is the rule that I demand for it,
and with nothing else will I be content. Never
will I vote for the admission of Oregon, or of any
pther State, no matter where located, whether in
the tropics 6r under the North pole, unless its'ad-
mission is in obedience to this rule.
I discard, aa too humiliating, the idea that any
gentleman is governed by considerations of po-
litical expediency in voting for or against the ad-
mission of this new State. If asked why I con-
sented to vote for the admission of Kansas under
the English billi I answer, it was to give peace
and quiet to my distracted country, and for no
other reason under heaven; and until it is.shown
to me that Oregon is in a slate of levolution and
of chaos; that her citizens are cutting each others'
tin oats; and that there is danger of involving the
entire nation in civil strife, I will not vote to ad-
mit her as a State into this Union without a pre-
vious ascertainment, by a census legally taken,
that her population equals that required for a
member of this House.
Was no importance attached to this view of
the case last session? Why was it included m
the English bill? 1 answer, because of its cor-
rectness m principle, and because it would secure
votes which could not otherwise be obtained.
What did Senator Brown, of Mississippi, say
in reference to this question of population ? Pie
said this;
C£ For myself, I am free to say, i hope the people of Kan-
sas will, if this bill passes, adhere to their ordinance, and
insist on remaining oulpf the Union If they come in. they
must come m under the Lecompton cons-tnution ; il they
stay out, they must stay uutil they have the population to
entitle them to one Representative in Congress. That suits :
me. I close in with that otfer."
I subscribe to the sentiments of the Senator from
Mississippi; and if Kansas were here now apply-
ing for admission, as Oregon is, without a clear
and legal ascertainment that her population was
equal to the ratio of representation, I put it to the
gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Reagan,] who has
asked me a question, whether he would vote for
her admission, unless first thus satisfied that she
had the mneiy-three thousand four hundred and
twenty inhabitants required by the English bill5
Mr. REAGAN. I h ave not participated in the
discussion of this question, and do not care to go
I into it unless I have'time to put my views upon
! the record fully.
[ Mr. HILL. If the gentleman's answer is sat-
isfactory to himself, I make no complaint-of it.
I pass on to the remarks of Senator Hunter, of
Virginia, upon this subject. He held this lan-
guage:
" We maintain, as a genera] proposition, that the people
of no Territory ought to be admitted as a State unti! tliey
have population enough for one member of Congress. Docs
i any one dispute that principle? Is it not evident upon its
I face ? But we say m this case of Kansas—and we at e sm-
j cere m it, forwe said it two years ago  n the bill offered 1>y
' the Senator from Georgia—we will waive thesp considera-
tions for the sake of the peace of the country, and m order
; to settle the agitating question, provided you will come in
i and make a final disposition of the whole matim. If, how-
: ever, you refuse to come in and make a final disposition of
I the whole matter, the consideration fails upon which we
| were willing to incur the mischief of admitting anew State
| with an insufficient population. We can no longer auam
j that good. The next best thing we can do for the peace of
I the country is to say to hei,k you must be quiet until you
| have people enough to entitle you to at least one member
I before you enter the Union.' Wc thus, at last, put down
j these attempts at conventions, which may disturb and dis-
I tract that people, and introduce questions of discord and
j confusion m Congress. We thus establish a sound general
i principle, whose justice, I think, cannot be disputed."
| Mr. Toombs, a distinguished Senator from my
j own State, in his speech upon this famous Eng-
| Hsh bill, referring to the importance of requiring
, a sufficient population, remarked as follows:
I '• The Senator iiom Illinois says that he is willing to agree
to the principle of not allowing a State to be admitted until
| the has ninety-three thousand people, or a sufficient num-
I her foi one member, according to the ratio. Ho voted tor
it. and -o did I; and when, two years ago, I introduced a
I hill to sofve this difficulty by bringing her into the Union
' then, J declared, Irom m'y seat heie, that it was a violation
, of a principle. This is* tho general rule. I supposed the
j then condition of the country made Kansas an exceptional
I ca-^e ; 'I put it exclusively on the ground of an exceptional
: ca^e; I was really de-nous* of pacificatmg the country ou
I thi:« question. We have labored to do it. The Adminis-
I tration has labored to do it; the Democratic party has labored
i to do it; but a nfhjuuty of the people of Kansas, it seems,
J or at lea-t a huge poition of them, taking their counsels
j fiom the Opposition, have,even to the extent of refusing to
I vote^ used all the means m then power to pi event it. Well,
| what do we say now i k vVe accept your constitution— it
j is your act; we give you the ordinary grant of land; but
< if you do not wish to come in, we remit you to the general
I rule'—tiiat i« all. The Senator from Illinois says that gen-
etal rule is a right rule, and we ought never to depait horn
it. It is one fiom which Congress has not usually departed,
and winch never ought to be departed fiom cxcept under
extraordinary circumstances. Asa general rule itisasound
■ one; buttheiemay be exceptions to all rules. When I pro-
j posed to depart fi om it X was acting for Kansas, endeavoring
| to pacificatc her,and also endeavoring to take thisquestion,
j which w.v a disturbing and dangeious element, Out of the
j politics of the United States."
| I am fortified in my objections by these author-
i ities. The same consideiations operate now upon
| me that then justified and controlled the eminent
j Senators from whom I have quoted. I put my
j objection to the admission of Oregon upon the
] same ground.
) A good deal has been said in relation to some
I obnoxious clauses m this constitution of Oregon,
j We observe that what is a matter of no objec-
! tion to one, is very disagreeable and distasteful
j to another. I am free to state that, if I were a
j citizen of Oregon, I should most heartily agree
j with the interdiction from her limits of Cbina-
' men, negroes, mulattoes, &c. I think that it is a
' most wholesome provision. A gentleman asks if
| I would shut the courts against them? This class
I of persons, who are not already in Oregon, have
j nothing to do with the courts, and cannot have.
' If there be persons there that are entitled to free-
: doro, and I had it in my power to sccure them
their lights, I would do so; but, sir, I could never
j think of putting these negroes and mulattoes,
: &c., upon an equality with the whites. I rcjoice
to see a position of this sort, so conservative and
so proper, taken by the people of Oregon. With
I a constitution so proper in that respect, I wish
; that it had been correct in other important partic-
ulars I wish that it had a sufficient population,
J clearly shown by a census duly and lawfully
taken; and that there was no clause in her con-
: stitution permitting alien suffrage. In that case,
! I would vote for her admission with pleasure.
, Bat, sir, the alien suffrage clause of her consti-
! tution is as obnoxious as that contained m the
Minnesota constitution. Where are we drifting,
and what is to become of our ancient landmarks'1
Is citizenship so worthless as to go for nothing ?
Aie aliens to be bribed to come upon oar shores
and receive homes on oar public lands as a re-
ward for immigration ; Are they, upon their ar-
rival, to be instantly invested with the rights of
