§80
THE CONGRl«IOMAL GLOBE.
February 11,
my judgment, a measure o£ propriety £nd repose.
Under Mie practical workings of such a rule, if
made general, and equally and persistently admin*
fstered, as the permanent policy of the country,
the growth of the Territories would be healthy,
steady, and peacefuh There lia§ been no tfme,
since I have been a member of this House, that I
■would not have voted for sucl\a rule, if made of
universal application. I am prepared to vote for
such a rule to-day and* now.
We did not, on this side of the House, as my
friend from Ohio [Mr. Nichols] seems to sup-
pose, object to the rule of population in the Eng-
lish bill, because the rule in itself was unjust or
unfair, but because it was applied for the first time
to the Territory of Kansas, and made, by the mode
of its use, an odious and offensive discrimination
against a free State; because it stood in the Eng-
lish bill' as & threat to compel the people of that
Territory to embrace a constitution which, m their
lieait of hearts, they profoundly abhorred. "That
they thus abhorred it, we then knew and declared.
An3 the event has more than proved the truth of
the words we uttered in their name, and more* than
justified our confidence in the incorruptible in-
tegrity and'love of freedom of that'noble and
lion-hearted people. It was for these reasons we
arraigned and coitde'mned it, let^me say to the gen-
tlemen from Ohio and from Massachusetts.
The only decent pretense which could be urged
in justification for its introduction into the Eng- I
lish bill by the friends of that measure.was, that j
the requirement in itself was sound and safe; and <
X regret, sir, to see that the rule tlt<5n established, t
having performed its ofiiGe, or, rather, having ,
failed to perform its office, is now to be abandoned
in the house of its friends, and by those" who had :
the honor of its paternity.
If the rule was good for Kansas, it is safe for
Oregon; and I do not propose, for myself, how-
ever others may feel constrained to act, to sane- j
tion, by my vojte, any such discrimination and |
inequality as this measure contemplates. j
3. The reasons for my1 third objection—and j
with me the objection is an insuperable one—are -
found in the constitution with which Oregon pre- i
sents herself lor admission into the Union. The |
objectionable clause stands out upon the instru- ;
ment a separate and compact paragraph of refined ,
inhumanity of the most studied and extraordinary !
character. I venture to affirm, that in point of i
needless and gratuitous barbarity, it is without a |
parallel in the whole history of civilized States; ]
and is, in my judgment, a plain infraction of the j
letter and spirit of the Federal Constitution. i
The gentleman from Indiana will not succeed, ;
I apprehend, in averting the public attention m |
any portion of the Confederacy from the mtrnj- j
sic atrocity of this provision, by raising the stale \
cry of negro equality." I't is not a question of
negro equality or inferiority at all, but one of com- ;
mon and ordinary humanity. And lot mc say !
here, to some of my friends on this side of the !
House, that after you have £>iven, by your votes, j
effect and vitality to this provision of the Consti- j
tation, let us hear no more of the wrongs of sla- \
very. It is infinitely better for any man, whether
whue or black, to be a slave, than an outlaw "and
an outcast, pursued, hunted, and homekss, with-
out country, security, or friends; excluded fiom
the courts, driven from the soil, and cast, a mere
worthless waif, out upon the ocean of life, ex-
posed to every stoimand smitten by every wave. I
if I wcie compelled still (o exist, and forced- to !
choose between the alternatives, I would say, i
give me chains an'd a shelter. Here is the pro- :
vision; hear if, and see whether there be any
question of negro equality in it: j
"No free negro or mulatto, not residing m this State at the
time of the adoption of tiii^ constitution, shall ever come, :
reside, or hcs witlim this fc>ute, or hold any ieal esstate, or j
•make any tvn(iut,(. or maintain any «uit thcicxn. And the '
Legislative. Assembly ^hall provide by penal law for the 1
removal by public oitteeis of all such tiee negroes and mu-
Ivitroe.®, and tor then effectual exclusion fiom the Statu, and
tor the punishment of persons who phail bring them into the '
ritite, or employ or harbor them therein." '
Now, sir, we arc appealed to, even on this side
of the House, to give life and practical eifect to ;
this cold-blooded inhumanity, as unnecessary as ;
it is wicked. If Oregon simply desired to pro-
vide against " negro equality," was there no way i
except by legislating against these free colored !
men,as she would legislate against beasts of prey'
Are there no middle, no intermediate grounds be- .
tweeri allowing men afl the fights and privileges
of American citizenship, and stripping them of
every conceivable right, and declaring that they
shall not be permitted'to live in the Common-
wealth* or even to take shelter therein, though
driven within her limits by disaster or misfortune?
This example needs but to be universally followed,
and you have driven this portion of your race from
the fac6 of God's earth—banished and branded as
having been born into the world as so many tres-
passers; and this- by a system of legislation com-
menced and inaugurated by the model Republic
in the declining half of the nineteenth century—
a "Republic which its founders declared should
forever stand as an as^him for the outcast and
oppressed of all lands. *
I concede that the provisions and policy of a
constitution under which a new State seeks ad-
mission into the Union, provided always these
conform to the letter and spirit of the Federal
Constitution, ought to be exempted, as a general
rule, from congressional criticism. But this pro-
vision in the Oregon constitution is, in my judg-
ment, in violation of both the letter and spnit of
the Constitution, and is especially repugnant to
section two^ article four, which provides that—
" The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all puvt-
legc-s and immunities ol citizens in the several States."
Under this provision of the Federal Constitu-
tion, a citizen of the State of Oregon would be
entitled to maintain a suit in the courts of New
York, at any and at all times, for the purpose of
enforcing a right or redressing a wrong; but a
citizen of New York, if he happens to have any
African blood in his veins, is excluded from the
courts of Oregon by her organic law. I cannot
vote for the-admission of a State into this Union
whose constitution closes the temples of justice
and barricades the doors of the courts of the peo-
ple against freemen, no matter of what clime,
color, or condition. The gentlemen from Mas-
sachusetts can, if they choose, vote for a consti-
tution (and thus give life and vigor to it) which
adttiits aliens to citizenship and excludes a cjass
of the citizens of Massachusetts from the courts;
but I can do no such thing.
This section of the Oregon "constitution li out-
Ilerods Herod.'' It leaves the decision in the
Dred Scott case a great distance behind. Exclud-
ing the dicta, and that decision simply holds that
a negro is not a citizen of the United Slates, and
cannot, therefore, sue in the Federal courts. But
this section provides that free men, and citizens
in several of the States, shall have no standing in
State courts.
Now, sir, as I understand it, there is not ft slave
State in this Union that denies the fiee coloied
man «#?Cess to her couits. The ways to their
comts of jusiicc are highways, along which all
fiee men may press theirstepsin search ofjustice
and equity.
'•The black laws,*'as they have been called,
existing upon the statute-books of some of the
northern States—though, I'am glad to believe,
in most instances but a dead letter—are a lasting
and burning reproach to the free States, and ought
to be removed; but none of these have gone the
length of excluding this class of persons from the
courts of justice.
What adds to the enormity of these enactments
is, that they are so "wholly gratuitous and unne-
cessary. In a slave State, where the presence of
this class of persons might be regarded as of dan-
gerous example, 1 could understand the motives
of such legislation, however much I might con-
demn the necessity, or deplore the act, But a free
State is utterly without excuse, and is justly ex-
posed to the charge of needless and wanton cru-
elty. And i trust that those gentlemen who pro-
pose to encourage, by their votes, this species of
legislation, will hereafter lepress their feelings of
holy disapproval, when a slave State proposes to
reduce to a state of slavery free negroes within its
territorial limits. It is time that this species of
legislation should be rebuked.
Mr. CASK. Mr. Speaker, I have made up my
mind, not without much hesitation, not without
a good deai of reflection, that I will vote for the
admission of Oregon as a State; and I do not rise
now to make a speech, or even an argument, m
favor of the position that I have taken, or in ex-
planation of the vote that I shall give. I would
have been content to have given upon this ques-
tion—as I have upon almost every other—a silent
vote, but for the voice we heard yesterday from
the spirit land, which found an utterance through
the bodily "organism of my colleague from the
third district, [Mr. Hughes.] I have waited some
time in the expectation of seeing him in his seat,
for it seemed to me that some of his remarks re-
quired explanation, and 1 would have preferred
very much that lie should have been present. But
our differences are on matters of opinion, and I
shall endeavor not to do him any injustice. , He
seemed to speak with an extraordinary authority
on this subject; and as he was speaking for his
party, and gave to this question, perhaps for the'
first time, a party turn, it is well that we should
know by what authority, and from whence, he
spoke. I find it in his remarks:
'■ I, peihaps, am as little biased by interest, as little tram-
meled i>y popular leeim-i, upon question? of this nature, as
any man in this body. I am in a po^mon to be impartial
and mdependbnt. My racc i< tun. The giats&giowsgteert
over my political grave, and I speak as a voice from the
ypiut land. I *tood s-ide by side with these gentlemen
through the trying scenes of a lofig and turbulent session,
in deiense ot the principlesand integrity of the Democratic
party. Having fallen at my post m the dischageoi my duty,
I am content."
Now, Mr. Speaker, comingfrom such astrange
locality, it is not wonderful that the spoech of my
colleague attracted considerable attention. Speak-
ing, too, with the superior advantage of one who
is already in the laud of shades, some of his state-
ments are rather startling, and are worthy of con-
sideiation. In some portions of his remarks, he
seems to be jubilant and exultant, giving us reason
to believe that he is in a comparatively happy
state in the laod beyond the river Styx; but on
other parts of his remarks he is mournfully bitter,
convincing us that he might well have rounded
off some of his periods with the verse from the
good old hymn—
" Ilark from the tombs a doleful sound,
Mine .ears attend the erj ;
Ye hvntg men, come view the ground
Where you must shortly lie."
Btit, sir, to be serious—for this is a subject about
which I do not think we ought to have very much
fun—there were some representations made by
my colleague about the position of gentlemen
upon this side of tiie Chamber, about what had
been determined on by them, a^nd about the rea-
sons which would control their action, which I
think require a little attention. I do not know
how far we should consider such questions as
this, party questions. I know that it is too late in
this discussion to divest it entirely of party feel-
ing. While I suppose that I differ upon this ques-
tion from a great majority of gentlemen upon this
side of the House, I presume that, when the final
vote comes to be taken, we shall find more than
one member of the Democratic party voting
against the admission of Oregon as a State.
i call attention to this, because I apprehend
that speeches are sometimes made here for Bun-
combe, (I do not know but there is a little of itin
mine, and I think it honest to confess it;) and
when we have another canvass in Indiana, if there
should be a resurrection of my colleague, he might
probably be citing the vote upon this question as
evidence that the Democrats are in favor of the
admission of free States, and the Republicans
opppsed to it. I am not certain but that there
would be something to be gamed by the Repub-
lican paity, if wc were to decide this question
on party grounds, by voting for the admission of
Oregon under this constitution. I am not certain
that we should not gain .fully as much as we
should by voting to reject her, because there are
one, two, or three provisions in her constitution
that are not agreeable to us. I believe I could pro-
duce evidence from that Territory, that some Re-
publicans there are looking with anxiety to our
action in this House, and hoping to see an almost
unanimous vote upon this side of the House in
favor of her admission.
I send, however, a letter to the Clerk's desk to
be read, which was received by a worthy mem-
ber of this House. It is signed by a very good
name, and I never knew a man of that name who
was not upon the side of freedom.
The letter was read, as follows:
Orxgon Territory, November 19, 1858.
Dear Sir: Having formeily been a levident ol Moigan
county, Ohio, and having theic known you as an ardent
trieud of ireedom and human libei ty, F have pro-Mimed to
address you a short note concerning the political condition
of this Territory.
On the 9th day of Xovember. 1S.7T, the people heie voted
