984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Constitution of the United States, sanctioned by y
the strong averment assented to and ratified by j
ail ihp people and all the States—this Cons^tu- |
tion shall be the supreme law; and the judges in j
every State shall be bound thereby. Every State j
in this Union, either by the express words of ;
their respective constitutions^ or by construction, i
restrict the right of elective franchise to those who j
owe allegiance to the Government and Constitu- |
tion of theUnited" States, except the States of ;
Michigan, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, j;
If* resistance to the admission of new States, on j!
the ground that their constitutions confer this j
^reat political right Ofthe citizen upon aliens, j
is not allowable, and wilf not be heard here, I j.
shall then appeal to that public opinion which, j
after all, is the strongest defender of the Consti-
tution against such innovation, and of the rights '
of the people against such infringement.
1 have but a word more on the point that the
States may not transfer the great rjgnt of Ameri-
can sovereignty from the citizens of the United
States, resident therein, to aliens, nor make aliens
citizens of (he United States. Let the self-con-
stituted champions of State rights, who clamor
for the right of the States to make the alien a
citizen of the United States by investing him
with the highest privilege of a citizen, remember
that Jefferson, the great apostle of State rights,
signed the act of 1802, which still stands in fall
force on your statute book, and contains these
words:
" Any alien, being a free white person, may be admitted
to become a citizen of the United States- ur any of them, on
the following conditions, and not otherwise."
After these words follow the provisions for nat-
uralization. Any alien shall become a citizen of
any State of the Union only as prescribed by this
law ! For State-rights men to talk about the right
of any of the States to confer the light of citizen-
ship on ahens, in violation of this Jeffersonian
statute is enough to make tke very ashes of that
apostle of tiie rights of the States move in his
cpffin !
But, sir, there is a still more objectionable fea-
ture than alien suffrage in this Otegon constitu-
tion. Thatis the provision of the schedule, which
declares-that large numbers of the citizens of the
United States shall not, after the admission of the
proposed State of Oregon, come or be within said
State; tln>r they shall hold no property thore;and
that-they shall not prosecute any suits m any of
the courts of that State; and that the Legislature
shall, by statute, make it a penal offense for any
person to harbor any of the excluded class of
their fellow-citizens who may thereafter come or
be within the State. This provision seems to me,
in its spirit and letter, to be injustice and oppres-
sion incarnate- This provision, sir, excludes
from the State of Oiegon eight hundred thousand
of the native-born citizens of the other States,
who are, therefore, citizens of tfie United States.
I grant you that a S:ate may resmct the exercise
of the elective franchise to certain classes of cit-
izens of the United States, to the exclusion of
others; but 1 deny that any State may exclude a
law abiding citizen ofthe United States from com-
ing within itsTerritory, orabidin^ therein, or ac-
quiring and enjoying property therein, or from
the enjoyment therein ofthe "privileges and im-
munities" ofa citizen ofthe United States. "What
Bays the Constitution:
'k The citizen? ot each State shall be entitled t<"> all priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens in the atvetal States.
wirticlc 4, section 2.
Here is no qualification, as in the clause guar-
antying suffrage or an elective lepresentation to
the people; here is no room for that refined con-
struction, that each State may excludeall or any
of the citizens of the United States from its terri-
tory. The citizens of each State, all the citizens
of each State, being citizens of the United States,
shall be entitled to "aH privileges and immunities
of citizens in the seveial States " Not to the
rights and immunities of the several States; not to
those constitutional rights and immunities which
result exclusively from State authority or State
legislation; but to "all privileges and immunities"
of citizens of the United States in the several
States. There is an ellipsis in the language em-
ployed in the Constitution, but its meaning is
self-evident that it is "the privileges end immu-
nities of citizens of the United States in the sev-
eral States" that it guaranties.
This guaranty of the Constitution of theUni-
ted States is senseless and a mockery, if it does
not limit State sovereignty and restrain each and
every State from closing its territory and its
courts of justice against citizens of the United
States. Lest it may be said that I have over-
stated the odious provisions of this Oregon con-
stitution, I read the entire provisions of this sec-
tion of the schedule, and which is expressly de-
clared to be "apart of this constitution:"
<k Sec. 4. No free negro or tfiulatro, not residing in this
State at the time of the adoption of this constitution, shall
ever come, reside or be, within this State, or lioid any real
estate, or make any contract, or maintain''any suit therein;
and the Legislative Ar^omblv shall provide by penal law?
for the removal by public officer's of all stioh fiee negroes
and mulattoes, and for their effectual exclusion from the
State,and for the punishment of persons who shall hi«ng
them ;oto the Stat«, or emnloy or harbor them therein."— |
Oregon Constitution;. Mis. Doc., JVb. 38, page 20. j
The constitution of Oregon, which contains this !
infamous atrocity, was adopted on the 9th of No-
vember, 1857; and wc, by appioving it, and giving
to it the force of law, as we shall do if we pass
this bill, declare that our legislation for this horrid
oppression shall not only operate upon these pro-
scribed eight hundred thousand freemen, citizens
of the United States, from and'after this day, but,
by relation to the tiwie of the adoption of this in-
strument, shall operate from the 9th of November,
1857. Since that day, d&ubtless, some of this ex-
cluded class have entered that Territory; and, if
they have, you declare by passing this bill that
their entrance of that Territory, after that day,
was a crime; " that they shall not reside, or be,"
, within that State; that they shall hold no real es-
tate there, although acquired before you passed
| this bill, or gave effect to that act of exclusion; that
i they shall make no contract; that they shall main-
! tain no suit, either for the enforcement of a right
1 or the redress of a wrong; that they shall be ex-
1 pelled a'nd " effectually excluded" by penal enact-
] ments; and that whoever harbors them within
that State, whoever shelters them m sickness or
1 distress, in hunger or in cold, shall be guilty of
i a enme before the law, and punished as a crimi-
1 nal. Would not this be an expost facto law ? By
! what authority, sir, can you enact it? It is for-
. bidden by the Constitution of the United States.
That our country might be saved the shame
| and infamy and crime of such legislation, our fa-
thers inserted in the first article, ninth section, of
' the Constitution, an absolute and perpetual pro-
! Inbitinn in these wotds: " No cx post jacto law
i shall be passed." This inhibition of our national
Constitution, sir, is as sacred as any other pro-
vision of that great instrument; and the official
: oath " to support the Constitution," which you
in your great office administered to all of us,
: binds us, hi my judgment, to respect alike all the
, specific requirements and limitations of the Con-
stitution, not only to save it from violation or m-
, lVincrement by our own act, but by the act of oth-
ers with our consent! But, sir, this odious section
is nut only retroactive m its penal and offensive
provisions; but it extends the same prohibitions
, over the future—all the future: " no free uigio or
mulatto, not residing in this State at the adoption
of this Constitution, shall ever come, reside, or
■ be, within this State, or hold any real estate, or
^make any contract, or maintain any suit therein
and this donnil to eight hundred thousand citizens
of the United States and their descendants for-
ever to hold .real estate in Oregon, or make con-
tacts, or maintain any suit in vindication of their
rights, or for the redress of their wrongs, is to be
j enforced by the same atrocious sanction—the cn-
J actiuent of penal iaws—which is especially en-
joined by this infamous instrument upon the
1 Legislative Assembly of Oregon.
Gentlemen say that wc violate the ordinance of
17S7, which, by the act of 1848, was extended
over Oregon, by resisting the admission of Oi egon
■ upon this constitution. 1 very much fear that
gentlemen who say this, have never read the or-
dinance of 1767. I mean no disrespect, sir; but
I say the veriest dolt cannot fail to see that this
provision of the Oregon constitution is m direct
conflict with, and violative of, the second article
I of that great ordinance. That article declares that
1 the inhabitants of that Territory shall always be
; entitled to the benefit of the writ of habeas corpus
' and of the trial by jury. This constitution of Ore-
gon denies both these rights to some of the in-
■ habitants. That article declares that no man shall
be deprived of his liberty or property but by the
judgment of his peers or the law of the land. This
sacred provision is also violated by this constitu-
tion of Oregon, unless, indeed, gentlemen say a
negro or mulatto is no man, but only a brute.
That article further declares:
<£ For the just presei vatinn of nylits and property, it is un-
derstood and declared, that no law ought ever to be made
or have force m the ^aid Teimory. that thai!, in any man-
ner whatever, interfere with private contracts or engage-
ments, bunufjc and without fraud previously formed."
This will be the very effect of your retroactive
legislation, which gives force to this constitution
of Oregon; which declares, in section three of the
schedule, that it shall take effect from its adop-
tion, and that no negro or mulatto not residing
there at the time of its adoption, (9th November,
1857,) " shall ever hold any real estate, make any
. contract, or maintain any suit therein." Con-
tracts, therefore, made by such persons, since9th
; November, 1857, are to be held null and void,
: and real estate, by them acquired, confiscated.
| Sir, if the persons thus excluded from the right
' to maintain any suit in the courts of Oregon were
i not citizens of the United States; if they were not
! natives born of free parents within the limits of
i the Republic, I should oppose this bill; because
; I say that a State which, m its fundamental law,
; denies to any person, or to a large class of per-
| sons, a hearing in her'courts of justice, ought to
! be treated as an outlaw, unworthy a place in the
■ sisteihood of the Republic. A suit is the legal
i demand of one's right, and the demal of this right
! by the judgment of the American Congress is to
: be sanctioned as law ! But, sir, I maintain that
, the persons thus excluded from the State by this
, section of the Oregon constitution, are citizens
j by birth of the several States, and therefore are
j citizens of the United States, and as such are en-
; titled to all the privileges and immunities of citi-
; zens of the United States, amongst which are the
1 rights of life and liberty and property, and their
: due protection m the enjoyment thereof by law;
■ and therefore I hold this section fortheir exclu-
; sion from that State and its courts, to be an infrac-
; tion of that wise and essential provision of the
1 national Constitution to which I before referred,
' to wit:
! " The citizens of each State fehall be entitled to all privi-
leges. and immunities of citizens in the slvural states."
Who, sir, are citizens of the United States?
First, all free persons born and domiciled within
the United States—not all fiee white persons, but
ail fi'f-'e persons. You will search in vain, in the
Constitution of the United States, for that word
while; it is not there. You will look in vain for
it in that first form of national Government—the
, Articles of Confederation; it is not there. The
omission of this word—this phrase of caste—
from our'national charter, was not accidental,
but intentional. I beg leave to refer gentlemen
: to the Journal of the Continental Congress, vol-
ume 2, page GOG. By this reference it will be seen
that in that Congress, on the25th June, 1778, the
■ Articles of Con^deiation being under considera-
tion, it was movod by delegates of youth Carolina
to amend the fourth article, by inserting after the
■ woid"free "andbefore ih" word inhabitants,"
: the word "white," so that<stlie privileges and im-
1 mumties of citizens m the several States should
, be limited exclusively to white inhabitants." The
: vote on this amendment was taken by States, and
; stood two States for, and eight against it, and one
, equally divided. This action of the Congress of
1778 was a clear and direct avowal that ail fiee
inhabitants, white and black, except " paupers,
vagabonds, and fugitives from justice," (which
, were expressly excepted,) were entitled to all the
1 privileges and immunities of free citizens m the
several States"
At the time of the adoption of the Constitution,
only some States, South Carolina, Virginia, and
' Delaware, made color a qualification or basis of
suffrage. In five of the others the elective fran-
; chise was exercised by free inhabitants, black
j and white; and therefore, in five of the States,
black men cooperated with white men in the elec-
| tions, and in the formation of the Constitution
! of the United States. Inasmuch as black men
| helped to make the Constitution, as well as to
achieve the independence of the country by the
' terrible trial by battle,itis not surprising that the
; Constitution of the United States does not exclude
,i them from the body politic, and the privileges and
