364
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35th Cong....2d Sess.
£ the act, for the relief of Joseph Hardy and
Alton Long.
^I^orthfe amount of rent exacted by the United States agents
/V&cfif lead mines from Joseph Hard*, for lead mined and
.smelted upon the lauds of the Gttowa, Pottawaiomie,
Chippewa, Winnebaso, or oth"r tiibc^ of Indian?, prioi
to the purchase thereof by the United Slates. .[Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of Elias Hall, of Rut-
land, Vermont.
For the balance due him for hi-* <ervices as supeiintendent
of repairs of small arm^ and tor subsistence. expense-*,
and losses while engaged m the sn vice of the United
Stated during the km war with Great Biitam Solo *>-
By the act for the relief of Thomas Laurent,
surviving partner of the firm of Benjamin and
Thomas Laurent.
-For the amount paid by the said fhtn to Major General
Wnifield Scott, in the city of Mexico, lor the pur-
chase of a house, m said city, out of the possession of
which they were since ousted by the Mexican authori-
ses [Indefinite.]
Appropriations, New Offices,
By the act for the relief of William H, Russell.
For he; salary a-* collector of the poit of Monterey, >n
Cahiotnia, irom the thirteenth day of Match to the
twentv-thi.d day of June, eighteen hundied ami fifty-
one    $839 66
By the act for the relief of Captain A. W Rey-
nolds.
To pay the amount of the award of the arbitrators, R. T.
Mutihew-s, Chailes I Biddle, and llush Van Dvke, in the
case uf the United States against A \V. Reynold-, with
leizal interest from the fourth day oi September, eighteen
hundred and fiitj-seven, nil paid; and to pay to the
parties legally entitled the costs. as stated in the said
awaid, upon the presentation of the proper evidence
and certificates Horn the distuet court of the United
Stated,   [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of C. Edward Habicht,
administrator of J. W. P. Lewis.
For the balance of his accounts as United States ajient for
the construction or" a h«ht-house on Sand ivey, in the
State of Florida, as stated by the accounting officer* of
the Treasury S'2,238 47
By the act for the relief of Henry Hubbard.
For his services as United Slates agent charged with the
safe-keeping of the public property at the iiat l>-u of Ash-
tabula, m the State of Ohio, as ceitihed by the buteau of
topographical engineers, with mteiest. at thp rate of six
per centum per annum, from the eleventh of June, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty six, fiom which time payment
is shown to have been delayed for want of appiupria-
lion  [Indefinite ]
By the act for the relief of Captain Douglas
Ottinger.
In full compensation for the u^e of his invention of the life
or surf-car by the United States, and also to enable him
further to test the aractieaniluy ot adapting such car to
the rescuing of passengers and crews during violent <?aies
at sea siO.Ouo oo
By the act for the relief of A. Baudouin and A.
D. Robert.
For the damages sustained by them arising from the sink-
ing of a flat boat of ice, at New Ui Jeans, by «i steam-
boat in the seivice of the United States ;5~,0U0 00
By the act for the relief of Dinah Minis.
To pay to Dinah Minis, or Jiei legal representative^. the sums
due on loan office certificate*—number ninety-three, tor
thirty-seven dollars and twenty-seven and t.wo thuds
cents; number ninety-foui, toi seventy-four dollar and
fifty-five and one thud cents ; and number one hundred
and four, for eighty-one dollars and -ixiy-su cents : all
dated August nineteen, seventeen hundred and ninety-
one, and signed by Richard Wylly,conimissionerof loans
—on the surrender ot the said onginal certificates at the
Treasury Department [indefinite ]
By the act for the relief of William Rich.
For the diffeience between the compensation allowed to a
secretary of legation and that to a chatge d'affaires, for
the period duting winch he acted in the latter capa-
city $£30 00
By the act for the relief of Frances Ann Mt-
Cauley.
To pay to Frances Ann MeCauley, widow of Daniel S. JIc-
Cauley, deceased, late consul-general of the United States
at Alexandna, in Egypt, the sum of four housand two
hundred dollars, for compensation for judicial services
performed by her said husband while holding -aid office,
from the fourteenth day of August, eighteen hundred and
foi ty-eniht, to the twenty-sixth day ot October, eighteen
hundred and fifty-two. under the act of Congress entitled
"An act to carry into effect ceitain piovisions in the i
tieaties between the United States and China and the j
Ottoman Porte, giving certain judicial powers to minis- J
ters and con-u!s of the United States in those couu- :
tries," appioved August eleventh, eighteen hundred and j
forty-eight, at the rate of one thousand dollais per an- :
  §4,200 00 ,
By the resolution for the relief ot William llaz;-
zard Wigg.
To examine and readjust the accounts of YV ilham Hazard
Wigg, stated undei autliontyot the act ot Com re-s lor
Ins relict, approved on the third ot March, eighteen hun-
dred and fittv-three, and ascertain the aliened clerical
error wheiebv the sum of one thousand fi\e hundred and
feixty dollars is supposed to have been withheld, §l,oGU 00
RECAPITULATION.
Legislative, executive, judicial, civil, and miscellane-
ous       $10,932.^)9 o0
Diplomatic and consular  1,047^4.) 00
Indian department, revolutionary, invalid,
and other pensions  3.270,535 14
Army, fortifications, and Military Academy, lo,*24^.6.i7 28
Naval service  10,527,103 55
Ocean steam mail service  341,229 16
Total    $41,367,GC9 63
By the act for the relief of EH W. Goff.
For damages and losses sustained by his efforts faithfully to
execute the revenue laws of the United States, $5,000 00
By the act for the relief of Edward Ingersoll.
For the amount of a judgment with cost against him for the
hire ot carnages used by the board of commissioneis (ap-
pointed undei the act of thud Mai eh, eighteen hundted
and fifty three) while in the discharge of their duties at
Springfield aimory $335 ~"
By the act for the relief of Robert A. Davidge.
For his services as a tempoiary clerk m the otiice of the
First Comptrollei of the Trea-uiy, fiom March twenty-
sixth to Apul thirtieth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven  ^ ! is 90
By the act for the relief of Samuel A. Fairchilds.
For expenses and services m arresting and bringing to tnai
certain persons chaiged with lobbing the mail- of the
United States, and to paj to the said Samuel A Fair-
childs whatever sum the said F.iuchilds may show, by
proper evidence, he expended ni arresting and securing
the said parties and delivering them to the authority's of
the United States   .5^02 50
By the act for the relief of James Collier.
For the amount (with its interest at the rate of six per
centum per annum) found due from the United States to
said Collier m a certain action tiied and determined in
the circuit court of the United States foi the southern dis-
trict of New York, second circuit, held on the thirtieth
day of November, anno Domini eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, wheiem the United States was plaintiff and
said James Collier was defendant, and in winch action
said couit. upon the veidict of a juiy, certified that there
was then due fioui the United States to said Collici. the
sum of eight thousand one hundred and ten dollais and
twenty-rune cents, and winch proceedings of said circuit
court were afterwards affirmed by the Supreme Couit of
the United States at its December term, anno Domini
eighteen hundied and fifty-seven... [Indefinite.]
By the act for the relief of tha assignees of Hugh
Glenn.
( For the balance of a judgment certified by the United States
|! di-*tiict couit for the^distuct of Kentucky, at the De-
li cemher teim,eighteen hundred and twenty-two, m favor
ij of the said Hujih Glenn, in a «uit wherein the United
I States w'd-s plamtili and thesaid HughGlenn was defend-
j! ant; the said sum having been assigned by the said Hugh
• ; Glenn, tne said assignees filing with the said Becietaiy
i good and sufficient evidence of said alignment and of
pi esent subsisting title thereto A6,97l 26
By the act for the relief of the representatives of
Henry King, deceased.
For the services of the *aul Henry Rimr in the thud Mary-
land regiment, and m the commissaiy depaitment. during
the revolutionary war -}1 ^17 36
By the act for the benefit of the captors of the
British brig Caledonia, in the war of eighteen
hundred and twelve.
To pay to the captors of the Bnti-h brie Caledonia, on the
eighth of October, eighteen hundred mid twelve, on the
Niagara river, near Fort Erie, [or to] the widow.- of the
captors if any, and if none, then to their children or grand-
childien, but not to collaieial lieus £25.000 00
By the act for the relief of Enoch B. Talcott, late j
i collector of customs at Oswego, New York. ;
: For the amount lost by him by the mbbery of the custom- j
house at Oswego, New York, on the night of December ■
ninth, eighteen hundied and hity-seveii, whilst he was !
i the collector of customs for that distnet £452 97 |
!; By the act for the relief of Ferdinand Coxe.
j1 For his salary as charge d'affaires at the court of Brazil,
I from the twelfth day of May, eighteen hundred and fifty
I thiee. to the sixteenth day of August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, inehi-ive ; the said sum being the difler-
cnee between said Coxe\s salaiy as secretary of legation
i and the full salary of charg6 d'atfaires §602 69
II,—Offices created and the salaries
thereof.
By the act (chap. 1) to continue the office of re-
gister of the land office at Vincennes, Indiana.
One register, who shall perform the duties of register and
receiver, at a compensation of five hundred dollars per
annum, and fees.
By the act (chap. 74) supplemental to an act for
the admission of the State of Minnesota into
the Union.
One clerk of the district court of the United Statps, com-
pensation not stated.
By the act (chap. 75) making appropriations for
the consular and diplomatic expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1SG0.
One minister resident at Japan, salaiy seven thousand
five hundred dollars pei annum.
By the act (chap. 77) to carry into effect the con-
vention between the United States and China,
concluded on the 8th November, 1858, at
Shanghai.
A depositary of debentures or duty receipts, to be ap-
pointed by the minister or chief diplomatic officer of the
United State* in China, compensation not stated.
Two commissioners, at a compensation of three thousand
dollars per annum each.
By the act (chap. 80) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive,and judicial expenses
of Government for the year ending June 30,
I860.
One assistant attorney general, at a compensation of
three thousand dollars per annum.
Twenty policemen m the city of Washington, to be ap-
pointed in the same manner as the auxiliary guaid, at a
salary of six hundied and fifty dolUi* each pei annum.
One clerk to the treasure) of the branch mint at San
Francisco, California, at a salary of two thousand five bun-
dled dollars per annum.
By the act (chap. 84) to provide for the care and
preservation of the works constructed by the
United States for bringing the Potomac water
into the cities of Washington and Georgetown,
for the supply of said water for all govern-
mental purposes, and for the uses and benefits
of the inhabitants of the said cities.
An engineei of the Potomac water-work*, to be appoint-
ed from the United States corps of engineers, to receive
for his seivices no more than his regular pa> as an officer
of that corps.
By the act (chap. 85) to provide for extending the
laws and judicial system of the United States
to the State of Oregon, and for other pur-
poses.
One j!id«p of the district court of the United States, at a
compensation of two thousand five hundred dollars per
annum
One attorney,
One marshal,
who Miall receive the same compensation as the attorney
and marshal tor the district of Jmva.
By the resolution (No. 1*2) conferring the rank of
senior flag-officer on the active-service list of
the United States Navy on Captain Cluules
Stewart.
One senior flas-officer of the United State* Navy on the
active-service list. No compensation lixed b} the resolu-
tion.
III.—The Offices the. salaries* of which have
been" ivprraskd, with the amount of such
increase during the same period.
None.
