98$
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
law of each of the Territories of thP^niW States^and that
ail laws and parts of laws inconsistent with this act be, and
tiie saiutf. are hereby, repealed.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I soFRghtthe
floor a few moments ago, in order to make some
reply to a rematk which fell from the gentleman
from Georgia, [Mr, Hill.] In the beginning of
his speech, he dt clared that one of the fundament-
al principles of the party to which he belonged
forbad^ his voting for the admission of any State
into this Union which had in its constitution a
clause tike that he was pleased to term " the alien
clause*' of the constitution of Oregon. I want the
gentleman from Georgia to respond to the inquiry
"which I now propound tohim, and to those who
are known as his party friends. Do they and their
party contend fhat the Congress of the United
States has the power to regulate the right of suf-
frage within the Sta,tes of this Union? In other
words, has Congress the power to declare who
shall be electors m the several States? If the gen-
tleman and his friends cannot admit such a power
in our Federal Legislature, (though, as to this they
do not say,) how, then, can they, with any show
of reason, refuse to sustain the admission of Ore-
gon because its people have chosen to rfceognize,
as voters, a certain class of citizens?
I am, sir, more astonished to see southern men
than northern take this ground. To what would
it lead? Why, Mr. Speaker, it would lead to this,
as its legitimate end: that Congress, having the
power to regulate the right of suffrage, could de-
clare that every negro man, a slave, twenty-one
years of age, upon Our plantations, shall be entitled
to vote; that they might go to the polls with their
master, and each have an equal right with him to
vote, even upon his own emancipation. I am as-
tonished, therefore, to hear this doctime promul-
gated on this floor by southern Repiesentatives.
It can lead to no other result than that which I
have stated. lam not surprised to hear gentlemen
from Massachusetts, or from any of the noi them
States, urge that negroes shall "be entitled to the
right of suffrage, when, at home* they are, and
have been, in favor of gi anting this privilege to
such persons.
Having no intention of inflicting a speech upon
the House at "this time, I will only refer very
briefly to one or two other objections taken against
this bill.
The objection is made, Mr, Speaker, to the ad-
mission of Oregon as a State, that her constitu-
tion prohibits the immigration there of free ne-
groes. I presume, sir, that those who object on
this account, and who argue in favor of an equal-
ity of the black with the white man, will, if they
are honestand sincere m what they say, not have
the least repugnance to see a Representative seated
on tins floor beside them, of lull African blood.
They would not object, either, to see their daugh-
teis or sisters allied to such sable gentlemen, on ac-
CQUitt of color. This would be negro equality; and
unless gentlemen go to that extent, this doctrine
they talk so much about is mere stuff, moon-
shine—the whole of it. Will any gentleman on
this floor say that he is in favor of sue!) equality ?
No, sir; there is not a man here who will say
that he is; not one who would like to see a negro
member of Congress, or the intermarriage with
his family of persons of African blood. If they
are unwilling to see these things/why prate of
negro equality in Oregon? Why make a point
on that score against Oregon? Why object to
her because she  enudiates an equality which no
member of this House dares to say he is in favor
of,-on prmeiple or otherwise ?
Mr. WILSON. Does the gentleman approve
of that provision in the constitution of Oregon
which prohibits a negro or mulatto from bringing
or maintaining a suit jn that State ?
Mr. SANDIDGE, I would like the gentleman
first to answer my question, ye will not avow
the sort of equality 1 have referred to, and yet he
should do so to be consistent, if opposed to Oie-
gon on account of the clause in her constitution
now being discussed. I will, however, most cheer-
fully answer him, and will wait for a response to
my own inquiry. I believe in the right of the
people of any State to declare, in their organic
law, who shall and who shall not vote at their
elections; who may and who may not sue or be
sued in their couits-of law.
Mr. WILSON. 1 have no trouble whatever
in answering the gemleman. Tne constuuuou of
Indiana does not confer upon the class to which
the gentleman has referred the right to vote. I
am willing to abide by the constitution oP my
State in that respect. Again, sir, I believe that
the Republican party is as much opposed to negro
equality as the Democratic party. No Republican
has ever contended for any such doctrine.
Mr. SANDIDGE. Thegenrleman, then, would
not be willing to see an African seated m this
Hall. Then, surely, he is not prepared to vote
against Oregon. He will be consistent with him-
self if he votes for her admission.
Mr. WILSON. The gentleman has not an-
swered my question.
Mr. SANDIDGE. I thought that I had; and
now, what I have to say is merely repetition. I
hold that the people of Oregon, when they as-
semble, through their delegates, to form a consti-
tution preparatory to admission as a State, have
the right to say who shall vore, and who shall*
not vote—who shall, and who shall not, come
before their courts. Minors, married women, and
other persons, are not allowed, in their own
names, to enter your courts as parties litigant.
Why may not negioes be excluded m like man-
ner r
Mr. WILSON. Do not the laws of Louisiana
allow negroes to maintain suits in the courts of
that Stater
Mr. SANDIDGE. Not slt&es in their own
names. Free people of color may; and we could
take from them such right. I will say to the gen-
tleman, in this connection, that a white man in
my State would be in more danger of the halter if
he committed an outrage upon a negro, than if per-
petiated against an equal We have a peculiar
regard for our slaves, and for the rights which we
recognize as belonging to them. We never allow
them to be trampled upon. Juries, sir, and courts,
always protect them. We will go further to pun-
ish an unwarrantable aggression upon them than
upon a white man. They are subject to us, and
we see to it that they are not outraged without
redress. Our free men can piotect themselves.
One gentleman, and only one, the gentleman
fiorn Indiana, [Mr. Wilson,] has responded to
my interrogatory in reference to negro equality.
I will refer to one other point. In the last ses-
sion of this Congress there was an application
pending to admit Kansas as a State,. No gentle-
man on either side of the House said that Kansas
had, at that time, a population sufficient to enti-
tle her to one Representative on this floor, accord-
ing to the present ratio. Now,gentlemen declare
that because we passed the Kansas bill, no State
should hereafter come in with a less population
than would entitle her to a Representative. Twice
did this House, before the enactment of the Kan-
sas bill, and almost without objection, pass bills
authorizing the people of Otegon to frame a con-
stitution. Did we hear anything then aboutwant
of population? No, sir. Two years ago, the
gentleman fiom Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] who
now leads the Opposition in his minonty report
against the admission of Oregon, declared, upon
tins floor, tliat her population was about ninety
thousand. It surely has not been reduced since
that time.
It does seem to mc—with all due deference to
my friends from the South, who now oppose the
admission of Oregon on this point of population
—that they are doing so without sufficient reason.
We called on our northern friends everywhere to
come up and vote for the admission of Kansas,
because she had framed her constitution, as we
believed, 111 a proper and legal manner. Kansas
had a population of perhaps forty thousand, tirul,
by her constitution, was to bo a slaveholdmg
State; and yet we found friends from the North
who could vote with us then. They did so on
principle—the right of the people to regulate their
own domestic affairs to suit themselves. Ilow,
now, can we turn round and say to them, when
Oregon is applying, and when (unlike Kansas)
theie is no complaint as to the manner in which
her constitution was formed, and when she has
a population exceeding, by more thftn two-fold,
what Kansas had last winter, that we cannot vote
for her admission? Sir, it has been our boast at
the South that we asked for nothing we would
not concede to others. We have been indebted
io the northern Democrats for many things we
puze moc^ highly. Since the destruction of the
old Whiv; party, they are" the only people in this
Government who eYer risked anything in defense
of the rights of the South. What credit can south-
ern men take for their position ? They can occupy
no other than that of State rights—the right to be
free from congressional intervention in their do-
mestic affaits. We risk nothing m this, and there-
fore are entitled to no ciedit. But when we see'
gentlemen coming here from another extreme of
the Union, who have heretofore voted with us in
the support of what we claimed to be just and
right, though of no interest to them, or to their
constituents'personally; and who, in thus voting,
risked everything, politically; I think it comes
with an ill grace from us now, when Oiegon is
applying with a free-State constitution, after what
has so recently occurred, to turn upon them, and
talk about population, and who shall vote at her
elections. We said nothing about the population
of Kansas, when that question was before us. We
only said " vote for her admission." The restric-'
tion imposed in the English bill was not intended
to apply to Kansas or to Oregon—the application
of Oregon being then before us. The Senate passed
the bill for the admission of Oregon, because the
same understanding existed in^that body as in
this House, as to the rule in the English bill not
applying to her. The bill was adopted in the
Senate by a vote of more than two to one—a large
majority of those voting for the bill being Dem-
ocrats from the North and South.
Now, I do hope, in good faith to those men
who have so long, so loftily, and so unselfishly,
stood by us here in defense of our rights, and to
whom, alone, we can look with any degree of
hope in coming contests, that we will, without
murmuring, vote for this bill, and without stick-
ling on points of small dispute. As for myself,
sir, I shall vote for her admission with a-great deal
of cheerfulness. It is right in itself; and is com-
mended to my judgment by many reasons of jus-
tice, propriety, and good policy.
Mr. HOARD obtained the floor.
Mr MAYNARD. I ask the gentleman to give
way to a motion that the House take a recess till
seven o'clock.
Mr. HOARD yielded the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Barksdale
in the chair.) The motion can only be enter-
tained by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. I think we
had better go on. I object.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. Will the gentleman al-
low mc to inquire whether any other business
will be taken up this evening besides the discus-
sion on the O'-egon question ?
Several Members. No, no.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I hope that by general
consent no other business than this will be taken*
up.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. No other busi-
ness can he taken up. This bill is a special order.
Mr. HOARD. Being called upon to vote for
or against the application of Oregon for admis-
sion as a State into the Union, I have examined
the constitution under which admission is asked,
for the purpose of determining what vote I ought
to give upon that question. I have also examined
the separate reports made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr Grow,] and the gentleman
from Tennessee, [Mr. Zollicoffer,] members
of the Committee on Territories, and as neither
of those reports presents the feature upon which
my opposition to the admission, under the pres-
ent constitution, rests, I have with great reluc-
tance felt it my duty to place on record the con-
siderations which will influence me in voting
against the admission of a free State. I had hoped
to feel my duty fully discharged during this short
session in simply voting upon propositions that
should come before the House for its action; but
a difference of opinion arising amongst Repre-
sentatives, both as to the propriety of opposing
the admission, and aiso as to the grounds of op-
position,^ prevent misapprehension and misrep-
resentation, I will present, in the briefest possi-
ble manner, the reasons for the vote that I shall
give upon this question.
On the twentieth page of the copy of the Oregon
constitution, as printed by the House, I find the
following clause:
Tt a majority of all tlie votes given for or auainst free
negroes, sliu.ll be given u«amsl ijee negroes, then tlie follow-
ing section shall be added to the bill ot lights, and shall he
part of this constitution :
£; * Sec. —. No free negro or mulatto, not residing in this
