990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
more Senators than these small States, have thir-
tyodd or twenty-odd Representatives.
Mr. CLAY. * How with Delaware and Rhode
Island f
Mr. MILLSON. They were original repub-
lics; not manufactured by Congress, but coming
into this Union as sovei'eigns, and before the
formation of our Constitution.
Mr. CLAY. 1 would inquire of the gentleman
whether he considers it within the power of Con-
gress to create or manufacture any State ? *
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir. *
Mr. CLAY. The?- can only admit.
•Mr. MILLSON. That was only a careless ex-
pression, for if there is any doctrine I hold more
tenaciously than any other, it is that a State can-
not be manufactured by Congress. .1 should not
"willingly consent that any one should attribute to
me any such monstrous solecism in politics, as
that. No man would attribute to me any such
monstrous solecism as that/ But while a State, takes
upon itselfa sovereign character, not from any act
of Congress, but from her own act, it is still true
that the independence of such State must be rec-
ognized by Congress, before it Can enter the Union;
and to that extent its position among the powers
of the earth, as a sovereign State, is the act of
Congress; or results at least from the act of Con-
gress.
I trust that I feel myself above sectional orpar-
tizan considerations in my present opposition to
this measure. The people of Oregon have asked
that an enabling act should passed. At two
different Congresses was the question brought up
forconsideratioft,andiit two different Congresses
has the application been refused. At the Thirty-
Third Congress the bill was laid upon the table
by a large majoiity of the Senate. They knew
that the application was postponed because of
their deficiency ofpopulauon. Efforts were made
to remove that objection by authouzing the taking
of a census. It is not to be peisumed i bat, under
the circumstanccs, the census taken would under-
rate the population Yet after this application has
been twice refused by Congress, they form a con-
stitution and government in spite of that refusal;
and, without giving any further information as to
the number of inhabitants in this new State, they
ask admission into the Union.
1 am ready, sir, to admit them into the Uftion
when they come up to the principle of the Eng-
lish conference bill; but I do not refer to that pro-
vision as obligatory upon Congress. Of euuise it
is not obligatory upon Congtesa. It is but the dec-
laration by Congress of what is proper in nho in-
dividual case. I believe it proper, in that case;
and, except for very strong reasons, it ought to
be applied to nil oth< rs. I see no justification for
departing from that principle in the pivsentcase;
and I cannot, therefore, vote for (he admission of
Oregon. The application of a State is always
an appeal to the discretion of Congress, ami each
Congress must judge tor itself. 1 legard, how-
ever, the provision of the conference bill, as to
population, as eontaininga wholesome and sound
principle, it was, to me, one of the stiongest rec-
ommendations to vote for that bill. I do not want
our northern friends? to abandon that principle;
and I think we are furnishing them a justification
for doing so, or at least an excuse, by ourselves
abandoning it in the case of Oregon, and consent-
ing to adm«t her as a State without having that
population which, m the English bill, was sup-
posed to henecessaiy nrthe case of Kansas. Let
them be put upon the same footing. I am for
equality.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to give the reasons which influence me in
thc'vote 1 shall give on the pending proposition.
I shall vote for the admission of Oregon, with her
constitution as it now Htands. While I am m fa-
vor of the political sentiment incorporated in the
English confer^ _** bill, that no Territory shall
hereafter be admitted as a State that lias not a
population toentule it to one Representative upon
this floor, yet { do not consider that that affords
any icason why i s!m!1 vote against Otegon. At,
the tune ot the adoption of the confetence bill, the
admission ot Oregon wasacotemporai v question.
The Oregon bill wan pending before the Senate
before the provision I have referred to was incor-
porated info the English bill; and { take it, sir,
it was not intended that that provision should be
applied to Oregon. There is nothing on the face
of the bill to show it was the intention of its
makers to give it a retroactive effect. It certainly
was not intended to operate upon a then pending
question.
Taking that view, then, although I am in favor
of that provision in the English bill for the time
to come, yet I insist it does not apply to the case
of Oregon. 1 am aided in coming to this conclu-
sion by the action of others who were not only
concerned in drafting the English conference bill,
but in voting for the passage of the Oregon bill.
1 did not vote for this conference bill, for I was
not present at its passage; but when I returned
here, I stated that if I had been, I would have
done so. I certainly did not look .upon it as ap-
plying to Oregon. I find that, although that bill
was passed by the Senate on the 30th of April,
on the 18th of May following, Senators who voted
for it and advocated, its adoption, voted for the
admission of Oregon with her present cortstitu-
tion; and I take it that the rule of law apply-
ing to the construction of statutes is applicable in
this case. We are to take the opinions of the
men who were cotemporary. with the adoption of
the measure. Then, for the reason I have stated,
that provision of the conference bill does not ap-
ply to the admission ofOregon; and I would not
feel myself justified in voting agafnst her admis-
sion even if she had not the required ninety-three
thousand four hundred and twenty of population.
The most of the Senators who voted for the con-
ference bill, also voted for the admission of Ore-
gon, although they were aware her population
was not equal to the standard of the conference
bill. Every man here who voted for the confer-
ence hill knew she had not ninety-three thousand
four hundred and twenty population; and, as I
voted for a State with a constitution recognizing
slavery, I cannot now vote against a State, under
similar cinmmstances, that has a constitution pro-,
hihjtmg slavery.
But there is another reason which influences me
to vote for the admission of Oregon. Even if I
believed that the provision of the English bill ap-
!' plied to Oregon, I would still feel perfectly justi-
j! fied in voting for heradmission. We are not lim-
j' ited to any specific mode of proofin ascertaining
!l anygiven fact;and the testimony before the House
11 convinces me, beyond all possible question, that
j! Oregon now povssesses the icquisite population to
; entitle her to a Repiesentative on this floor. We
have first the testimony of the Delegate, whose
, veracity, 1 apprehend, no person will question;
; one who has ample means of ascertainmgthe pop-
! uUtton of theTerntoiy. On hisofficial obligation
i and honor he assures the House, that, from the
1 information which he possesses, based on observ-
. ation, Oregon has now a population of ninety or
one hundred thousand inhabitants. Itwiilnotdo
' to insinuate that he is an interested witness He
is a man above suspicion. He has bled for the
1 honor of Ins country; and he would bleed in vin-
dication of ins own honor. lie is incapable of nns-
; i''presentation or pervcision. But I find from the
1 letters that have been read fiom various sources, I
and from official information furnished to the!
, House by gentlemen who have preceded me, the [
| strongest corroborative testimony in suppoit of ,
the declarations of General Laxe, as to the suffi- I
ciency of the population. Tin* question- with me
is, am I satisfied, from the testimony, of the ex-
istence of the requisite amount of population ? If
I were ajuror on the trial of a cause, acting under
oath, I would not hesitate to decide, from the
evidence, that theie are ninety-three thousand
four hundred inhabitants within the limits of the
Territory of Oregon.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. T ask the gentle-
man not to forget the testimony of a hostile wit-
ness, the testimony of the gentleman from Penta,
i sylvania, [Mr. Grow,] who stated two years ago
that the population amounted to ninety thousand.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Of course. But,
Mr. Speaker, i shall not examine in detail the
testimony on that point; hut 1 say that from it I
am fully warranted m voting for the admission of
Oregon, and foi two leasons: first, that Oregon is
not embraced within the provisions of the Eng-
lish conference bill; and second, that there is tiie
requisite population.
Now, I confess that in casting this vote, I am
, influenced by no partisan consideration. I am
influenced by no opinion that the State of Oregon
will be a Democratic or an anti-Democratic State.
1 am incapable of casting a vote from partisan
or sectional considerations. In the votes I have
given, or may hereafter give, I have looked, and
shall look only to what I conceive to be the best
interests of the whole country; and whatever my
judgment tells me is for the best interests of the
country, as well as the rights of the different sec-
tions of the Union, that I shall do.
But the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mill-
son] says he looks with some degree of horror to
the expansion of thisGovernment, to the admis-
sion into this Union of additional States. Well,
that event must come. However reluctant hemay
be to see new States admitted into the Union, they
must inevitably come. I apprehend that there is
not a man on this floor who does not believe that
even if there be not to-day ninety-three thousand
four hundred people in Oregon there will be within
the next twelve months.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 have voted frequently for
the admission of new States into the unfon, and
I do not mean to be understood as saying that I
am opposed to the admission of every new State,
I speak of the indefinite multiplication of new
States. I say, I look forward with dread to the
period when the number of States will be much
larger than it now is.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Certainly. I
understand that you dread it as a mere political
question.
Mr. MILLSON. No; not that.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, Well; you dread
the expansion of the country. It must come at
all events. If Oregon be rejected now, she will
come back within the next twelve months, with
the requisite population, and according to the
gentleman's own argument, we will have to admit
her into the Union. Now, if the gentleman per-
ceivcs beyond all doubt that Oregon will seek for
admission within twelve months from this time,
and with the requisite population, and if he can
only hope to postpone for that length of*time what
he considers an evil, what benefitwill result from
the postponement? None whatever. The admis-
sion of Oregon within the next twelve months is
inevitable, and the very, objection made to-day,
although it does notexist in reality, will be over-
come in the mind of the gentleman himself.
Mr, MILLtiON. If we overlook the principle
in-this, we will have to overlook itin the case of
other States, applying with still less population.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I am not over-
looking the principle? I have endeavored to show,
that Oregon was not embraced withm the princi-
ple for which the gentleman contends; and that,
even if she were, the testimony would convince
any man that she has the population to entitle her
to admission.
I hold that these two propositions are estab-
lished, so far as facts can do it. But, independ-
ently of that, I ask has not Oregon the right to
expect her application to be granted, under all the
circumstances ? This House,at the last Congress,
passed an enabling act authouzing the people of
Oregon to meet in convention and frame a State
constitution, preparatory to admission into the
Union. That bill was defeated in the Senate; but
at the last session of Congress, twelve months
thereafter, the Senate itself indorsed the action of
the people of Oregon by passing this bill to admit
her into the Union as a State, with the constitu-
tion thus made. So that Oregon was induced to
believe, if she asked for admission, her applica-
tion would be granted. When she comes before
this body with her constitution, asking us to in-
dorse what has been done by the Senate, there is
no substantial or solid reason why her request
should not be granted.
The gentleman from Virginia says he is hor-
rified at the idea of the admission of new States
into the Union. He does not like the expansion
of the Confederacy. Oregon had a right to believe
that this House, at least, after passing an ena-
bling act for her, would not refuse to admit her
when she applied; but now we find the very body
w,hich invited her to ask admission, interposing
objections, and urging one reason after another
why she should not be admitted, none of them,
in my opinion, being solid or substantial. I do
not propose, this evening, to discuss the ques-
tions which have been raised by gentlemen touch-
ing the provisions contained in the constitution
of Oregon itself. I hold that the people of Ore-
