THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
-MONDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1859.
New Series No. 63.
expenditures at least §14,000,000. Now, will we
stand back and withhold this aid? Will we not
come forward and take the Departments at tlieir
own proposition, when they say they can re-
trench? Will we, for this excuse, and for the
other excuse, eternally postpone the beginning of
this work? Now, for instance, there is a special
order of a bill which can be postponed. Let it be
laid aside; let the resolutions be adopted; and let
the work begin, I know that a great deal of it
cannot be done in the remaining weeks of this
session; but let the work commence; let itgoforth
to the public that something has been done; let it
go forward from session to session until the great
result is accomplished. I hope theSenator from
Maine will consent to let his bill go over for the
present, and let us have action on the resolutions.
Mr, GWJN. I wish to make a modification of
my amendment. The Senator from Tennessee
has indicated a desire not to be chairman of this
committee; and, therefore, I do not make the mo-
tion that I do now, to exclude anybody; but I
wish to designate whom I think should be the
members of the select committee. I move that the
select committee be composed of the chairmen of
Committees on Finance, Foreign Relations, Na-
val Affairs, Military -Affairs, Post Office and Post
Roads, Commerce, and Printing—the chairmen
of the seven principal committees of this body,
that have much to do with the appropriation
bills.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Committee on Finance
have not time to attend to it, how can I, a mem-
ber of the committee? I surely could not attend
to it. I ought not to be on that committee; be-
cause, if the Committee on Finance have not time
to attend to it, 1 iiave not the time.
The PR ESI DING OFFICER. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California that the
amendment is not m order, unless the previous
amendment of the Senator from Illinois be with-
drawn.
Mr. GWIN. I wish^o modify the proposition
I made for a select committee. I only modify my
amendment for a special committee by naming the
individuals. I suppose the Senator has no objec-
tion to withdrawn)# his amendment unul I can
modify my original amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
the Senator from California modifying his amend-
ment, so that it does not cut me out.
Mr. GWIN. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator can allow me
to otfer mine, and then he can offer his in such a
shape as he pleases.
Mr. GWIN. i have modified mine.
Mr. WILSON. Is there a motion made to
postpone the consideration of the light-house bill ?
Air. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I make that
motion for the present, until we can have action
on the resolution.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the vote
taken on the postponement. If the debate goes
on upon this lesolution, I want to say a word or
two.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. If the Senate
will indulge me, I will make a single remark fur-
ther. There is always a difficulty in the way of
considering this matter. It would be better to
adopt the resolution in its original shape; and if
the Committee on Finance cannot do anything
during the present session, they can report that
fact,-and the country will receive their report in
good faith, and so will the Senate. If that com-
mittee cannot progress in this work, how can its
chairman f The whole committee can progress
with the work as well as the chairman;and 1 think
you may as well refer it to that committee, and
save all further trouble about it.
Mr. WILSON. If the debate is to go on upon
this matter, I wish to say a word. I take it we
are here this morning with one of those periodical^
spasms that we have for retrenchment. We are
very much in the condition that Macaulay said
the people of England-were, when Byron left that
country for the continent under the burden of
popular condemnation. He said they had spasms
63
of virtue; and we have spasms of retrenchment.
We have been talk^ig retrenchment this whole
session; and still we have no plan-* 
Mr. HAMLIN. Wilt the Senator allow me.
I do not want to produce a conflict here between
these two questions; and with the consent of the
Senate, I move, as th« light-house bill is now up,
to postpone it until Monday morning, and make
it the special order for half-past eleven o'clock,
and that wiil remove all trouble.
Air. PUGH. I object to that.
Mr. HAMLIN, well, we will put it to the
vote of the Senate, and see what the Senate will
do.
Mr. KING. I hope the Senator will say twelve
o'clock. We ought to have the morning*hour.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, I willsay twelve o'clock
on Monday. I do not think this bill will take
half an hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the Senate
ready for the question ?
Air. PUGH. What is the question now?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. On the motion
to postpone the light-house bill until Monday at
twelve o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
■ tions of the Senator from Tennessee are now be-
fore the Senate.
Air. WILSON. We have had, Mr. President,
during the present session, a great deal said in
both Houses in favor of retrenchment, and still,
with the general admission that we can and ought
to reduce the expenditures of this Government
fifteen or twenty million dollars, we have had
no comprehensive plan proposed in cither House
of Congress for the reduction. The chairman of
the Committee on Finance, during the whole ses-
sion, has maintained the doctrine that we ought
to reduce the expenditures, and still when we have
proposed to intrust to his committee the question
of making reductions, that Senator and his com-
mittee have shrunk from the task. Now, sir, I
think it belongs to them; it belongs to that chair-
man and that committee to lead in making the
necessary reductions, if it does not belong to
them to say where the reductions are to be made,
it belongs to them to see that means are provided
to meet the current and ordinary expenditures of
the Government. There has been one measure
inaugurated at this session, and that comes from
the Committee on Commeice, to reduce the ex-
penditures of collecting the revenues of the Gov-
ernment. We commenccd 
Mr. DAY1S. I would ask the Senator in that
connection, to allow roc to remind inm tlftt the
Committee on Military Affans, of which he is a
member, have a bill now lying on the table which
will reduce the expenses immediately '5100,000,
and probably a million in the course of a year,
certainly half a million, and which 1 have been
anxious from morning to morning to have taken
up and passed, before the appropriation billcamc
to us.
Mr. WILSON. I had intended to refer to that
also. I say we commenced at the last session to
arrest the extravagant expenses of collecting
the levenuc, and now we have a bill reported by
the Committee on Commerce, proposing a large
retrenchment. 1 hope the chairman of that com-
mittee will get that bill before the Senate at the
earliest possible moment, and let us perfect and
pass that bill at this session. The chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs has said that
we have a bill before us here, making laige re-
ductions. Jt is a good bill, a practical reform,
and I hope we shall address ourselves to the con-
sideration of that measure. There are a few other
small measures of reform proposed, but none of
them of any great amount.
The Senator from Tennessee, in introducing
this proposition, looks, I think, to the n<>xt ses-
sion of Congress. I doubt very much whether
we shall inaugurate and carry through Congress
any jrridt reforms or reductions this session. 1
will follow the lead of any man who will make a
practical proposition for the reduction of the ex-
penditures of the Government in any Depart-
ment. The'Senator from Tennessee proposes
that the estimates shall be made up by the De-
partments for the next session of Congress, at
$50,000,000. I like that proposition. I believe
we can carry on this Government for §50,000,000
annually.
I think the first resolution a good resolution;
one that ought to receive the sanction of every
man here. Let us require that the Executive De-
partments of the Government make up the esti-
| mates upon the basis of $50,000,000* .Mr. Cal-
i houn said, in 1842, when the expenditures of this
j Government were, only about thirty million dol-
] lars, that if reform and retrenchment wepe in-
augurated they must come from the executive
| branches of the Government; and without their
cooperation, without their lead, retrenchments
cannot take place. I agree to that doctrine; and
i I say here to-day, that in these extravagant ex-
! penditures the executive branches of this Gov-
ernment have taken the lead, both in their recom-
mendations to Congress, and, above all, in their
I practice in carrying on and administering the
[ Government. The evidence now being taken
I before a committee of the other branch, when it
i shall go out to the country, wili show theextrav-
: agance if not corruption of the administration of
; the Navy Department, in a way which will astoa-
i ish the nation.
' The Senator from Tennessee says that the Sec-
I retary of W^r, one of the most extravagant men
! that ever administered any Department of tbia
Government, one of the loosest men that ever ad-
i ministered any Department of this Government,
i a Secretary that, in my judgment, has adminis-
1 tered the War Department during the past two
. yeais in a way that has reflected no credit on
: himself or the Administration—tells us that if he
! can have our cooperation, he can make a large
! induction. Sir, he shall have our cooperation to
! tiie fullest extent, and I wili hold him to a rigid
! accountability; but I have seen no evidence from
! the head of that Department of the Government,
: cither in his recommendations or in his practices,
| that gives mc any idea tljat he is desirous of re-
ducing the expenditures of his Department.
I am in favor of the resolutions of the Senator
from Tennessee, as he,introduced them—the first
resolution without amendment or qualification;
and let us have at the opening of the next session
of Congress inaugmated a comprehensive plan
for the letrenchment of the expenditures of this
Government; and let it come from where it ought
to come, the executive and administrative de-
partments of the Government.
In regard to the second resolution, proposing
that tlisubject shall so to the Committee on fi-
nance, i am in favor of that as it stands. Although
1 know the chairman entertains the idea that we
can reduce the expenditures this year largely, he
does not think \ve can inaugurate anything now
in the nature of a large and comprehensive plan;
but, at the next session of Congress, when these
reports from the Departments come before us, that
committee is just the committee to lead, to take
those estimates, and to carry them out m the legis-
lation of the Government. I am therefore in favor
of sending that resolution to that committee. I
do not expect them to be governed by it at this
session. 1 expect the chairman of that committee
will do what he can to reduce the expenditures;
for certainly he stands pledged to us to adopt that
line of policy; and I am willing to trust him to
that extent at this session; and I pledge him my
vote for every reduction he proposes to make, that
can save the money of the Government.
1 do not agree to the declaration made, either
on one side or the other, that we do not want any
Army or any Navy. We do want an Army; we do
want a Navy, but we want that Army organized
and conducted m the best and most e&cient and
cheapest manner. Our expenditures for trans-
portation, I think, amount to some seven or eight
millions annually. We have a large country.
Under the most economical arrangement that we
can have, our transportation expenses, covering
