1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
997
jection. It was suggested to roe to indicate the
select committee by naming the chairmen of the
important standing committees; but I was struck
with the remark of the Senator from Illinois, and
1 prefer nov/ my original amendment, and I will
so modify it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Mr. President 
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order once
more. I made the point of order before, and the
Chair sustained me, but the Senator from Illinois
violated it.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I will surrender.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to correct a mat-
ter of fact between the Senator from Mississippi
and myself. I stated that the army had been sent
to Utah as a posse comitatusor escort for the Gov-
ernor. The SenatorfromMisssissippi understood
it differently. I understood him to say that it was
sent to put down rebellion. I have the Presi-
dent's message before me 
Mr. IVERSON. I rise to a point of order. I in*
sist that the Senator from Illinois is not in order;
and I trust the Chair will enforce the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I w'h only to read two
lines from the President's message:
" To protect these civil officers, and to aid them, as a
posse comitatus, m the execution of the laws in case of need,
I oi tiered a detachment of the Ariny to accompany them to
Utah.-'
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the consent of the
Senator from Georgia to allow me one second to
make a remark ?
Mr. IVERSON. I cannot.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Flor-
ida stated that I brought charges 
Mr. DOUGLAS. I am afraid that I shall have
to go on with my speech if others are to speak.
Mr. CHANDLER. I wish to put it on the
record that I brought no charges against the head
of the Navy Department.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I yield for the private bills.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
and seconded to postpone the previous orders,
for the puipose of considering the resolutions of
the Senator from Tennessee.
The motion was not agreed to.
THE PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In conformity
with the order made yesterday, the Senate will
now proceed to the consideration of the bills upon
the Private Calendar.
Mr. WILSON. I move that, in considering
those bills, we pass over those which give rise to
debate, and take up only those whicl^shall not
lead to discussion. I think there are several bills
which can go through without debate, that would
not otherwise be acted upon during this session.
Mr. IVERSON. 1 hope that motion will pre-
vail, and I should have made it myself if the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts had not anticipated me.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a point of order. It
is this; that proposition is to change the regular
order of business, and therefore requires one
day's previous notice. If that previous notice
bad been given, I should have no objection.
Mr. CLiNGMAN. It can be done by general
consent.
Mr. GREEN. 'General consent will not be
given now.
Mr. IVERSON. I think the Senator from
Missouri is mistaken. The order is that the Sen-
ate will proceed to the consideration of bills on
the Private Calendar. Now we are proceeding
to the consideration of the bills on the Private
Calendar, by adopting the very rule which the
•Senator from Massachusetts proposes. We are,
therefoie, following the order of the Senate. The
Senate is obliged to devote to-day to theconsider-
ation of private bills; but the order in which they
shall be considered is a question for the Senate
to determine.
Mr. GREEN. The Senator is at fault. To
call a Jjill, and to refuse to consider it because one
Senator says, " I object," is not considering it;
and is, therefore, no't complying with the order
made by the Senate yesterday. It is not^ con-
sidering a bill; it is declining to consider it. I
insist on the regular execution of the order.
Mr. STUART. I am very reluctant to con-
sume the day in talking, and I do not mean to do
it; but I wish to suggest that the Senate made an
order to consider private bills to-day, and it is
competent for a majority of the Senate to decide
the mode in which they shall be considered.
There is no general rule'which prescribes it, and
it is competent for the Senate now to say in what
mode they will consider that business, or to set
it all aside.
Mr. GREEN. There is a rule which says that
the bills shall be called, and considered as they
stand on the, Calendar.
Mr. IVERSON. That was not the resolution.
Mr.' GREEN. But it is*the standing order of
the Senate, that whenever you take up the Calen-
dar you shall proceed according to the record, as
it stands on the Calendar, unless there be a pre-
vious order directing otherwise.
The PRESIDING OFFICER.- Is the question
of order submitted to the Chair?
Mr. GREEN. Certainly.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
under which the Senate is acting was adopted
yesterday, in the following words:
Resolved, That the Senate will to-morrow, at ope o'clock,
proceed tu the consideration of private hills upon the Cal-
endar, and that to-inorrow shall be devoted to the same.
The Chair is under the impression that the
same power which authorizes the Senate to fix a
particular day for the consideration of bills, can,
on that day, by a majority, direct the mode in
which they shall be disposed of.
Mr. MALLORY. That disposes of the ques-
tion of order; and the motion nowis'to passover
those bills to which a single objection may be
made. I trust that course will not be adopted. I
have been waiting an opportunity during the pre-
vious part of the session to bring to the attention
of the Senate the bill reported from the Commit-
tee on Claims, providing for payment of the
claims of the citizens of Florida, who are pro-
vided for under the ninth article of our treaty of
1819 with Spam. This is a particularly oppor-
tune moment to consider that bill, when the ac-
quisition of Cuba is before the Senate for discus-
sion. While we are complaining of the course of
Spain, it behooves us to show a disposition our-
selves to do justice to her citizens, particularly
when we have undertaken so to do by a treaty
stipulation, which to this hour remains uncomplied
with. That bill will come up in its order to-day;
but if this motion should prevail, a single objec-
tion will pass it over; and 1 know objection will
be made.
On another ground I object to this motion. It
is quite apparent, to be sure, that a great many
bills here are so just upon their face, and their
merits are so apparent, that they would be passed
by unanimous consent. There are a great many
bills which have not claimed the attention of the
Senate at all, and against which no objection will
be immediately made, and these will be passed;
whereas bills like this that I refer to, which have
undergone special discussionat previoussessions,
which are perfectly understood, and in favor of
which minorities and majorities are readily ar-
rayed here, will be put off. For this reason I
hope the motion will not prevail.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator from Flor-
ida, who certainly generally adopts a very libei al
course here, will allow this motion to prevail.
There are many small bills on the Calendar, some
of which have passed the House of Representa-
tives, that, if passed by; this body, will be acts of
justice, will carry happiness and comfort to many
individuals in the country—bills that we shall pass
without opposition. If we undertake to adhere
to the rule of the Calendar in regular order, those
bills will not be passed at this session. I doubt
whether we shall devote another day to the con-
sideration of private bills. Therefore I hope the
motion will prevail, and that we shall firstgo over
the Calendar, and consider those bills to which
objection may not be made, and then go back, take
up alt the bills in their order, and do the best we
can.
Mr. GREEN. I understood the decision of the
Chair to be, that the rule was, that we should ad-
here to a certain order in proceeding with the Cal-
endar, and that that rule could not be changed
without one day's notice. I am informed, how-
ever, that the Chair has decided the other way.
If so, I must take an appeal. I desire to know
what the decision was.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cided that it was competent, on this day, for the
Senate to arrange its own order of business; either
to consider all the bills qii the Calendar as they
might be called, or to consider such as they might,
choose to take up.
Mr. GREEN." 1 appeal from the decision of
the Chair ia ehtertaini'ng the motion, not from the
remarks made by the Chair, because there is a
vast difference between the two. The Calendar
must be called in its regular order when the Sen-
ate has thus directed by special resolution; and
whenever any bill is called, a motion to postpone
it, to lay it on the table, or otherwise to diapcree
of it, is in order, and a majority of the Senate can
thus get rid of that bijl; but to say that you will,
by a common resolution, change the standing fule
of the Senate, and permit one Senator to stop the"
passage 6f a bill for which nine tenths.of the Sen-
ators are ready to vote, is to reverse the order of
the Senate, which is, that we shall consider the
Calendar. It is not considering the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will'the Sen-
ator refer to the rule?
Mr. GREEN. I refer to two rules. One is,
that no standing rule or order of tlte Senate, shall
be changed without one day's previous notice, un-
less by unanimous consent; the other is the order
made by general consent yesterday, that to-day
the Private Calendar should be taken up regu*
larly, and considered. The Private Calendar could
not be taken up to-day, but for the fact that the
Senate thus ordered yeste.rday; and the Senate
could not have thus ordered yesterday, except by
unanimous consent. To-day, however,it is pro-
posed to reverse the rule, a's it now stands, with-
out unanimous consent; and to that I object. I
will not consume time, ho weverj because: whether
my opinions are carried out or reversed, 1 am anx-
ious to see the public business transacted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
states the rule as the Chair understands it. It pro-
vides that no rule can be changed without one
day's notice; but the Chair determines that, when
a bill is presented for the consideration of the Sen-
ate, a majority of the Senate can dispose of it.
Mr. GilEEN. Certainly; when the bill itself
is called, they can; but that does not justify the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator state to the Chair his distinct question of or-
der?
Mr. GREEN. I will; and I will puUt in writing,
if necessary. The Senator from Massachusetts
proposes a resolution which, if adopted, will make
it a rule of the Senate for to-day, that,- whenever
any bill is called, if any one Senator objects, that
I bill shall not bo considered. He proposes that as
j a rule, which is not now the rule of this body.
I The iu!es now in existencs governing this body
r say that any change of a rule shall require one
| day's previous notice of a proposition of this
kind.
Mr. IVERSON. The rule to which the Sena-
tor from Missouri alludes is, that no standing
rule shall be changed or altered without-one day's
previous notice. This disposition of-the Private
Calendar is not a standing rule; it is a mere order
| which was made by the Senate yesterday, and is
i subject to modification to-day. The Senate could
to-day, if they thought proper, postpone that
order entirely, as the motion of the Senator from
Tennessee proposed. According to the position
of the Senator from Missouri, however, that mo-
! don was out of order; because, the Senate having
! determined to go on with the consideration of
' the Private Calendar to-day, he could not move
to dispense with it without having given one
day's previous notice (?f that motion; and yet the
Senator from Tennessee made his motion to post-
pone, and it was debated and decided on by the
Senate. Surely it was in order, and nobody ob-
| jected to it as being out of order; and yet the mo-
' tion was not made after one day's previous no-
| tice. The rule to which the Senator refers is, that
! you cannot alter or change a standingrule of the
! Senate without giving that notice. The resolu-
j tion setting apart to-day for private bills is not a
; standing rule of the Senate. There is no such
i standing rule.
Mr. GREEN. I will correct the Senator, and
I will prove to him that he Is radically wrong.
The standing rule of the Senate is to proceed with
the Calendar according as the bills are reported.
Mr. IVERSON. I call for the reading of the
resolution.
Mr. GREEN. I am not speaking of that reso-
lution, but of the standing rules of the Senate.
