1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
the general statutes in such cases made and pro-
>ided.
Mr. PUGH. Let us h-ear the report in that
case.
The Secretary read the following report:
The Committee on Pennon*, to whom was refeired the
resolution ofthe Legislature oi'Iowa. in relation to the pen-
sion of Catheiuie Dickei&on, have had the same under con-
sideration, and beg leave to repott:
The ea-e irf one winch, tor a long timfe, occupicd the at-
tention of Congress having been reported upon favorably
four yeais ago. TIio Legislature of iowa, in which State
Mrs. Oickerson now resides, have thought the case of suf-
ficient unpoitarice to make it the subject of a joint resolu-
tion directing the attention of Congress to its justice.
The committee, upon thorough examination, fully concur
in the views sot foi th by Mi. Williams Ifi his irpoit, sub-
mitted to the Senate June 23,1854, and adopted them as
follow*:
That petitioner, who now very aged and infirm, is the
widow of John Dickerson, deceased ; that said John Dick
en-on was a soldier in the war of the Revolution, (having
served over torn yenn in said wai,) and diew a pennon as
an '' indigent'' up to the date of his death, winch oecuned
on the 9th day of Julv, 1833; that, being ignorant of any
piovwon of the lew hy which she could draw a pennon as
the widow of her said husband, she made no application
for the butnc until dining theyeai 1833; that she was, from
the date of his death, in needy eneum=tances, and, lor •
eighteen year* la^t past, absolutely dependent upon chanty
not only !or Mih'Si-tcm u and clothing, but for eveiy at ten- !
tion which her age arid mfii nuties made requisite ; that, in '
1853, she. a* above stated, applied foi a pen.-ion undei the
law oi jsdtf, but, owing to the want or the requi-ite ptoof
of her inai riage to John Diekcison prior to L794. her appli-
cation under said law was rejected, and she was, by the
Commissioner, pensioned under the law of 18^3, passed
Fcbiuary 3, and after the date of her said application for J
the benefits of the act of 1838; that, believma hei self to be j
justly entitled to the five-yeais' pension, a* piovided in the '
act of 1838, to date tioiu Ib'36, she appeals her cas'e to Con- j
gres<-, and now prays the p'i**age of a spec ml act in-stiuet-
ihis the Cinnini-sioner of Pun-'ions to place hoi name on the '
roils, under the piovi&ions of the fii&t section of the act of;
July1^38. j
Tin* eru-e ha-, been evamined with can', and the com- ■
mittee an; oi opinion that the piayei of the petitioner ought '
to he gianted tor the following reasons :
1. ft is pioven, bv the njcords on hit; m the Department, j
that her said hii-biind win a solilier in onr levojutiormiy ;
stiuggle, and was houoiably di^eha'ged; and, tuitheuas :
appear* from hi* own affidavit. and tin' affidavit ot a coni-
lAde, that he served four years fiom 1775, and \v,w cngasied
in the battles of Biaudywmc, Gei.nantown, Monmouth, '
and Stony Point.
2. it is al-o of record that ho was pensioned in 1829, at .
ninety-six dollars per annum, and received said pension to '
tne date of his death, hi 18'J3. j
3. The act of June 7, 1832, provides that each ofthesur- ;
vivuig soldiers of the wai of the Revolution, who served a J
Teiin of two yeais or mote in .said wai, be authouzed tore- ,
cetve the amount or' hi  full pay. m said semce, during ;
life. Cleaily petitioner's husband was entitled under tin* i
act. |
4. The act of July 7, 1838. piovides that u if any person |
who seived m the n'volut-onaiy wai in the rnanni i spcei- i
fled in the aetof June 7, 183']. (above tecifcd.) have died, ]
leaving a widow who-,e mairiage took place alter the e\pi- ,
ration of Ins seivice, and befoie 1794, such u idow shall be ;
entitled to leeeive, for the mm or live yeais,, tlie pen-ion ;
to \\ Inch her Im-baud v.'onid ha\ e hen enuih;d m vnme ot i
said act,1' to commence on the 4th oi Maieh, 1836 Theie ,
no limitation of the time allowed loi making applications ,
undei tin* 1 ;w, nor ha- the law e\ ei been icpcaled ur su-
peu-nied And the only question which c:in nn-eoftln;
iii:ht of Mi" Dick er^on {o claim under it is," wa* she mar-
ried to John Dn-ker^on jiuoi to l-Ulr1' .
o Tht evidence, that Mi* l)u korson wa-< manied prior ;
to H9-}, though not of the euaiartci lequued by ihe c-juUs |
i!i civil case-, is in the opinion of your committee, such a-: i
ou-ilit to be received and credited in a ease like this, when |
an aged woman, (probably over eiclitv.) evincing that de- <
cay of J acuities which aLre,ha>d-dnp, and infirmity, vi^it upon
nil", and lemoved to a new State, be\ond all eonnnumeaiion :
with tho*e who survive of hoi acquaintances m eaily h!c, I
e\e *pt by mail, and sixtj yeais affei the event. i* called on 1
topiove the day and date of her manure. Mt->. D. ac-
knowledges her inability even to lemember the date of an
event so impoi tiint to herself; but deehu es. positive I v un-
oer oath, that it took place flnee yais heioje the both of ,
her eldest child, who was born in 1<93. This statement ^
borne out hv the record ot m.iriidge* and birth.-. m the '• old ,
taiuiij Bible,''' a ttan-enpt of which accompanies the pa- ;
pen. and ot the genuineness of which the Commissioner of
pen-ions i-ati-sfieti himself by comparing it with the original i
in she "Bible itself. * {
It <-eem* to joui committee that the case of Mrs. 1). i? |
surticieiiily made out; and that undei all the cncunManees :
it would be a too ^trnig^tit adinim-tianun of th(> lettei ol the :
law. nitended in its spirit to be an net of bounty, to icquuc ,
mote in ea-e0! t>f this cla^s- Mrs. D.'s character foi ttuth j
and ie_-pectabihtv, also her age. necessities, and de-eiv- i
mg*,aie ceil i fied to by •leutlcnien of them.-t reputation and ,
pn-i'j'jn Her tenure ot hie miHt, in the natmai order of i
thim <. be a'most at an end ; and as tlie claim she now pre- j
sents seems to be founded in equity, and to be well r>u^-
taimd b\ the law and tb'J faet^,\oui conimifree regard i!
bo'ii an act of ju-nce and chanty to giant hei pia\er. and _
enable hei to spend hoi few remaining days in comfoit.
'i'hcj, therefore, hetewnh rejioita bill giving hera pension, :
undei the law of 1838. imm the 4th of Marcil, 1836, to the j
dateoi hei pen-ion under the act ot lt.33, a?> all the pen*ion< i
fantoi^ undei the *aid act ot ISfc, foi a teim of five jear*,
\% bv subsequent oet-s, re in; wed and continued.
All Winch is re-pecttully submiticd.
Mr. CLAY. As this bill proposes to give ar-
rears of pension, 1 must object to it. I would not
do so if it were prospective; but &s it relates back
to 1838, I must object to its passage.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) Objection being made, the bill will
go over.
SANTIAGO E. ARGUELLO.
The bill (S. No. 370) for the relief of Guada-
lupe Estudillo de Arguello, widow of Santiago E.
Arguello, was read a second time, and considered
as. in Committee of the Whole.
By it the Secretary of the Treasury will be di-
rected to pay to Guadalupe Estudillo de Arguello,
widow of Santiago E. Arguello, late a captain in
the California battalion, the sum of $14,888, for
losses of property sustained by him during the pe-
riod of such service, and in consequence thereof.
Mr. KING. I ask lor the reading of the re-
port.
The Secretary read the report of the-Committee
on Claims, from which it appears that Mr. Arguel-
lo was a wealthy and influential inhabitant of Cal-
ifornia, residing in the vicinity of San Diego. On
the invasion of that country, during the Mexican
war, and on the appearance of the proclamation of
Commodore Stockton, then in command of that
division of the American forces, Arguello placed
himself at the head of a company raised through
his influence and exertions, and immediately
joined the United States forces, and fought with
distinguished bravery and effect m several actions,
under the command of Commodore Stockton,
who fully attests his galiantrv and thf1 import-
ance of his services. On the 25th November,
1846, he was appointed by Governor Stockton a
captain of riflemen m the California battalion,
and on the lGth January, 1847, a membi r of the
Legislative Council of that Tenuory. In conse-
quence of his attachment to the cause of the Uni-
ted States, and the zeal and activity which he
manifested in their service, his tancho was ravaged
and laid waste, his buildings burnt, and his cattle
and other mo-vable effects taken away by the
enemy, by which he appears to have been reduced
from competence and wealth to penury and de-
pendence A commission,appointed by II. Fitch,
Esq., alcalde of San Diego, to examine and report
upon the losses of Arguello, state, under oath,
that after a personal examination, that the per-
sonal property thus destroyed by the enemy
amounted, " at the lowest value," to $14,88?i
The items are as follows:
472 tanned deer skins, at .< 
i>l tanned cow hide^ at ^6  M4
aO niaitjs.. :U #10  2 n
50!) head of catue, at ^'20     10.0JJ
•r>CKheep. at#*  i.UOiJ
4 2 HO'-e^, at 'iCtU.      &.10.
100 pi^5 at $o  500
Total.
.£11.^3 !
On leaving California, Governor Stockton, who
rendered such valuable, important, and arduous
service m that then distant and almost unknown
territory, addressed a communication to Aigu-
ello, in winch, after acknowledging hts services,
sacrifices, and losses, he says: " I hope—nay, I
have not the least doubt—but that the ios.ses
which you have sustained will be reimbursed by
the Government of the United States."
The policy of the United Sutes m reniuneiating
those who have testified attachment to our cause
and our institutions, by forsakins'theciutse ot an
enemy and risking their lives and property in our
service*, was sanctioned by the eatly action of the
Government. In 1818, a committee of the House
of Representatives made a report on a chum of
this nature, in which they say: " It thc^ liberal
policy heretofore pursued by the United States if
continued, it would not require much calculation
to predict its effects, in the event of another con-
test." The Senate Committer on Claims, at the
second session of the Twenty-First Congress, in
their report (No 30) m the case of John Daly, a
Canadian refugee, adopted the same principle and
recommended relief, which was granted to tne
amount of $5,000, "for supplies furnished and
assistance rendered to the army of thu United
States in Canada." In accosdance with these
views, the committee reported the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read tlie third
time, a$d passed.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
' No. 373) declaratory of the act for carrying into
effect the ninth article of the treaty of 1819  be-
tween the United States and Spain.
It provides for such a construction of the acts
of the 3d of March, 1823, and 26th of June, 1834,
passed to carry into effect the ninth article of the
treaty of 1819, between the United States and
Spain, as to require the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the persons authorized to receive the
same, out of the appropriation made by those acts,
that portion of the damages awarded by the Uni-
ted States judges in East Florida, under the name
of interest, us a just and necessary part of the
satisfaction stipulated by the treaty, so far as the
original value of the pioperty, as awarded by the
said judges, has been approved at the Treasury
Department.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] has requested me to state that he desires
to be heard in opposition to that bill, but is not
able to attend to-day. I move that it lie over.
• Mr. TOOMBS. What is the matter with him?
Ishesiek?
Mr. PUGII. He has an engagement else-
where. He stated it to me.
Mi. TOOMBS. 1 leully think that the motion
of the Senator from Ohio to postpone tlie bill on.
account of the absence of the Senator from Dela-
ware, is carrying the thing too far. I should like
to know whether busmess is to be postponed be-
cause gentlemen choose to go away on Saturdays.
1 should like to go away myself. 1 do not know
any reasonable amount ofmoney I would not give
to get away; but the public business requires me
to be here.
Mr PUGH. I understand that the bill was
subject to a single objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, it is. Objec-
tion being made, it will lie over under the rule.
Mr MALLORY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration *of that bill. We have
now reached it m its order; and I believe that the
motion I make is m order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair de-
cided this morning that it was in the power of
any Sena'or, by objection, to pass over a bill,
Mr. M ALLORY. This bill was not before th^f
Senate#\vhen that motion was made; and I pre-
sume, if my motion is agreed to, it comes up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being objected
to, under the rule established this morning, it
must go over.
Mr. GREEN. That rule was adopted illegally
without notice, and is therefore no rule.
Mr. TOOMBS. I suggest to the Senator from
Florida, that after the Calendar is gone through
with we can go back to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The present
occupant is unwilling to reverse the decision the
Chair made this morning.
Mr. 1MALLORY. Does the Chair decide my
motion out of order ?
^ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
unwilling to reverse the action had this morning,
and is of opinion that the motion is not m order.
Mr. MALLORY. Does the Chair decide that
the motion cannot be brought before the Senate
now ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Yes, sir. Ob-
jection bring made, the bill lies over under the
rule adopted this morning.
- JOHN HUERTAS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill
(H. R. No. 251) to authorize the claimants in
ii'iht of John Iluertas to enter certain lands in
Florida.
It is an authorization to the claimants, in right
of John Huertas, to a tract of six thousand acres
m Florida, confirmed by the Supreme Court of
the United States, at the January term, in 1834,
to enter, at any land office in the State of Florida,
the quantity of three thousand three hundred and
thirty-two acres and thirty hundredths of an acre
of any of the public lands in that State, offered,
or unoOered, the same being in addition to the
aieaof two thousand six hundred and sixty-seven
acres and seventy hundredths of an acre surveyed
I for the claim, and designated as section forty-
; eight, in township nine south, of range twenty-
i seven cast, in the St. Augustine land district,
i Florida, and b«mg the difference between the quan-
