1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
tity embraced by the survey, and the six thousand
acres confirmed for the claim.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The bill was passed over.
LEONARD LOOMIS.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 261) fur -the relief of Leonard Loorais.
It directs the Secretaryof the Interior to raise the
pension of Leonard Loomis from sixtoeightdol-
lars" per month, and to pay him such increased
pension from the 9th of August, 1857.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The bili was passed over.
MONROE D. DOWNS.
The Senate as in Committee of the Whole pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. It. No. 426) for
the relief of Monroe D. Downs.
It provides that Monroe D. Downs may enter
in the land office in Omaha City, in the Territory
of Nebraska, by preemption, the east half of the
southwest quarter, and the east half of the north-
west quarter of section numbered thirty-six, of
township fifteen north, of range twenty east, in
that Territory, at the minimum price of $1 25
per acre, and that the superintendent of public in-
struction of Douglas county, Nebraska Territory,
may select any unclaimed and unoccupied quar-
ter section of land in that county in lieu of the
lands authorized to be entered by Downs.
Mr. GREEN. Let the report be read.
Mr. STEWART. The bill explains itself.
A school section was occupied before the land
■was surveyed, and it directs the school officers to
select a similar quantity at any other place of
land subject to entry at §1 25 an acre.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is the call for
the reading of the report withdrawn?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
REBECCA JM. BOWDEN.
The bill (H. R. No. 577) for the relief Rebecca
M. Bowden, of Prince George county, Virginia,
was considered as m Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to authorize Rebecca M. Bowden
to locate in her own name, as sole devisee of Lit-
Seberry Bonner, on any of the lands of the United
States subject to private entry, at the minimum
price of $1 25 per acre, a certain land warrant,
No. 17,647, issued to Bonner for his services as a
private in Captain Temple's company, in the
fourth regiment of Virginia miliiia, m the v. ar of
1812, or to sell and assign the warrant as such de-
visee in the same manner as Littleberry Bonner
could do if he were now living.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
JOHN F. CANNON,
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 273) for the relief of John F. Cannon.
It proposes to require the Postmaster General
to pay to John F. Cannon, at the rate of $120 per
annum, for and during the time he carried the
mail, according to his contract, in addition to the
amount already paid to him, for additional ex-
pense incurred and extra service performed by
him on mail route No. 2627.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 object.
The bill was passed over.
MARGARET WHITEHEAD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (D.
B. No. 232) for the relief of Margaret White-
head.
Its object is to require the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Margaret Whitehead,
widow of William Whitehead, a boatswain in the
United States Navy, on the pension roll, and
cause to be paid to her the sum of ten dollars per
month, from the 9th of Apul, 1854, and to con-
tinue during her natural life, or widowhood.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to that bill. It is for
a pension.
The bill was passed over.
CONFIRMATION OF LAND CLAIMS.
The bill (S. No. 410) to confirm certain land
claims in the Florida parishes of Louisiana to the
city of New Orleans, and others, was read a sec-
ond time, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
It proposes to confirm the city of New Orleans
in its title to one undivided half part of the fol-
lowing tracts of land. 1. Nineteen thousand ar-
pents of land sold to Don Louis de Clonet and Don
Alexander de Clonet by Don Juan Ventura Mo-
rales, Governor General of Louisiana and West
Florida, on the 15th and 16th.of November, 1803.
2. One hundred and twentyHhousand arpents of
land sold to Don Jeronimo la Chiapella by Don
Juan Ventura Morales,Governor General ofLou-
isiana and West Florida, on the 5th and 7th of Oc-
tober, 1803. 3. Thirteen thousand three hundred
and thirty-five arpents of land, being the one-third
part of a tract of forty thousand acres of land, sold
to Don.Tuan Denize by Don Juan Ventura Mo-
rales, Governor General of Louisiana and West
Florida, on the 16th of May, 1804. 4. Twenty-
one hundred acres of land described in the ac-
knowledgment made in favor of Philip Robinson
by Don Thomas Estevan, commandant at the port
of Galveztown, on the 20th of January, 1804. 5.
Fourteen hundred and twenty acres of land, being
the unconfirmed remainder of a tract of twenty-
seven hundred acres of land granted by Don
Thomas Estevan, then commandant of the Amite
district, to John McDonogh and Sheppard Brown,
on the 5th gf March, 1806.
It also proposes to confirm/oseph Reynes in
his title to a certain tract of land in the parish of
East Feliciana, State of Louisiana, containing
about forty thousand arpents, which tract was
sold to his late father, Joseph Reynes, senior, on
his application, dated 19th of November, 1803,
and which sale was confirmed by Don Juan Ven-
tura Morales, Governor of Louisiana and West
Florida, on the 31st of December, 1803.
It further provides that John Johnston and
Harriet Johnston, now widow Marshall, sole
heirs of James Johnston, deceased, be confirmed
in their title to a tract of thirty-five thousand ar-
pents of land, lying in the Florida parishes of
Louisiana, on the waters of Thompson's creek,
or Fel.iciana river, and the Comite, immediately
south of the thirty-first parallel of north latitude;
being the same tract which was sold to Don Man-
^ uel Langos by Don Juan Ventura Morales, Gov-
I ernor of Louisiana and West Florida, on the 2d
| of January, 1804; and that the heirs, assigns, and
i legal representatives of Christoval de Armas, and
I his son, Miguel de Armas, be confirmed in their
| title to twenty thousand arpents of land, situated
j io the Florida parishes of Louisiana, sold to them
I by Don Ventura Morales, Governor of West
j Florida and Louisiana, by deed, dated at Pen-
| sacola, on the 23d October, 180G.
| The bill was reported to the Senate without
I amendment; ordered to be engrossed for a third
j reading, read the third time, and passed.
j JAKE TURNBULL.
The next bill on the Calendar, was the bill (S.
No. 110) for the relief of Mrs. Jane Turnbull,
which had been reported adversely from the
I Committee on Pensions.
| The bill proposed to direct the Secretary of the
! Interior to place the name of Mrs. Jane Turnbull,
I widow of the la,te Bievet-Colonel William Turn-
1 bull, United States Army, of the list of pension-
■ ers, and to pay her, per month, at the rate of half
| the monthly pay to which her late husband was
entitled at the time of his death; her pension to
i commence on the 9th day of December, 1857, and
i to continue during her widowhood,
i Mr. CRITTENDEN. That bill may be laid
i aside, as a similar one has already passed the
■ Senate, and gone to the House.
Mr. CLAY. Then I move its indefinite post-
ponement.
The motion was agreed to.
WRIGHT FORE.
The Senate as in Committee of the Whole next
proceeded to consider the bill (H, R. No. 522)
for the relief of Wright Fore.
It proposes to place the name of Wright Fore
on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of eight
doilais per month, to commence on the 9th day
of November, 1852, and to continue during his
natural life.
The Committee on pensions reported the bill
with an amendmentto strikeout " eight dollars,"
and insert " six dollars,"
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
It was read the third time, and passed.
FRANCIS CARVER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 524) for the relief of Francis Carver.
It provides for placing the name of Francis
Carver on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of
eight dollars per month, from the 18th of Decem-
ber, 1857, to continue during his natural life.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The bill was passed over.
ROBINSON GAMMON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 525) for the relief of Robinson Gammon.
It proposes to require the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Robinson Gammon,
of Roxbury, in the county of Oxford, State of
Maine, upon the roll of invalid pensions, at the
rate of eight dollars per month, from the 3d of De-
cember 1856, during his life.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object. "
The bill was passed over.
FREDERICK SMITH.
The bill (H. R. No. 526) for the relief of .Fred-
erick Smith, was next announced.
It provides for placing the name of Frederick
Smith on the invalid pension roll, at the rate of
four dollars per month, from the 1st of February,
1858, during his natural life.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to all pensions. 1
want right and justice to be done before we give
them, and therefore I object to all these pension
bills.
The bill was passed over.
DAVID WATSON.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 535) for the relief of David Watson. ,
It provides for placing the name of David Wat-
son, of Georgia, upon the list of invalid pension-
ers, at the rate of four dollars per month, to com-
mence on the 15th day of February, 1858, and
continue during his natural life.
Mr. TOOMBS. If that is a pension bill, I ob-
ject to it.
The bill was passed over.
HENRY KING.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 496) for the relief of the representative of
Henry King, deceased.
It directs the Secretaryof the Treasury to pay
to the legal representative of Henry King the sum
of $1,817 36 for his services in the thiid Mary-
land regiment and in the commissary department
during the revolutionary war.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The bill was passed over.
DOCTOR GEORGE H. HOWELL.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 510) for the relief of Doctor George H.
Howell.
It authorizes the proper accounting officers of
theTreasury to pay to Doctor George H. Howell,
an assistant surgeon in the Navy of the United
States, the increased pay attaching to his in-
creased rank as assistant surgeon, from the com-
mencement of his increased rank to the time of
the actual issue of his commission from the Navy
Department.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object to all that class of
eases.
The bill was passed over.
A. BAUDOUIN AND A. D. ROBERT.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 245) for the relief of A. Baudouin and A.
D. Robert.
It provides for the payment of $2,000 to A.
Baudouin and A. D. Robert, in full compensation
for the damages sustained by thern, arising from
the sinking of a fiat-boat of ice, at New Orleans,
by a steamboat in the service of the United States.
Mr. PUGH. I object to that bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will lie over
under the rule.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator from Ohio with-
draws his objection to hear the report. E|g was
not aware that there was a report.
Mr. PUGH. The report is not marked on the
Calendar.
