K)04
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
in favor of Peter Trezvant, the legal representative of the
tsavrt Robert Farquhar, then decoaeed. for the said sum of
£7,5fe6 and whereas, it does not appear that the por-
tion of haid certificates now held by the said Peter Trezvant,
arid aii'.ouutiiis? to the t-urn of £0.000 sterling, have ever
been paid, or that the State of Georgia ever made provision
for the same according to the just interpretation ot the con-
tract with the paid Trezvant; and whereas, in December,
1838, a petition from the said Peter Trezvant was presented
to the Legislature of Georgia for pavment of said claim,
which was leferred to William Law, Joseph H. Lumpkin,
and David C. Campbell, with instiuctions to investigate and
report on the meats of the same; and1 whereas the said
commissioners, at the next session of the Legislature, in
December, 1839, made a full and able report, showing a
roost careful investigation and research, and solemnly af-
fifmmg the justice And validity of the piincipal of the debt,
and the high obligations on the part of Georgia to pay the
same; and whereas no fact or arguments exist to shake.the
correctness of the icpoit, or the conclusions to which the
commissioners airived therein, and it appearing that said
debt is still due and unpaid, and that the same should he
settled ; and u also appearing that the petitioner is willing
to receive, in payment thereof, the bonds of the State, pay-
able m ten years, bearing an interest of mx per cent, pet
annum.
" Be it therefore resolved, That hi? Excellency the Gov-
ernor be, and he is hereby, authorized to issue bonds of the
State, each for one tenth part of the sum now due and
owing to the said Peter Trezvant—namely, the said sum of
£5,000: eacli bond to bear interest at the rate of six per
cent, fiom the 1st day of January, 1839, and payable annu-
ally after date, oi sooner, at the option of the State ; and
that he be authorized to deliver said bonds to the said
Peter Tipzvant, or his Authorized agent or agents, upon sur-
render of said certificates, and the execution of a full dis-
charge of ali demands by the said Peter Trezvant against
the State, on account of said claim.
4C Resolved, That in issuing said bonds for the amount due
as aforesaid, the pound steilmg shall be estimated at and
after the late of $4 44 to the pound.
" Retailed, That our Spuatois and ^preventatives in
Congress be leqiicsted to present the amount thus paid to the
said Peter Trezvant to Congress, and urge the payment
thereof by the United States to the State of Georgia ; and
that ins Excellency the Governor be lequested to transmit a
copy thereof, with the necessary vouchers and documents
relating to the same, to our Senators and Representatives m
Congress.."
Then follows the certificate from the Treasurer
of the Suite of Georgia;
Treasury Department,Georgia,
Mit,lfdglvillf, Dccemhcr 14, IS56.
I, John P. Trippo, Treasurer ot the State of Georgia,
hereby certify that it appears from the reeoidsof this of-
fice, that on the 1^-t day of January, 1848, m compliance
wall an act of t')<; Legislatuie, entitled *' An act loi the re-
lief of Peter Trezvant," absented to December 2.">, 1847, did
issue and deliver to Pctei Ttezvarit her several lorjy four
bonds ot !>>U0 i-aeh. and one bond of .$22- v22. making the
aggregate amount ot .^22,222 22 puj able on the 1st of Jan-
uary, 18o8. with inteie>«t at the lateof six per cent, per
annum, pajalilfM-im annually.
In testimony whereof, 1 have hereunto set my official
signafuie and affixed the seal of the Depaitment, the day
and date above written.
JOI1N P. TJIIPFE, Treasurer.
Here is the case. The State of Georgia issued
bonds for this amount—over twenty thousand
dollars—payable the first day of January, 1K58.
They have fallen due, and tiio State of Geoigia
has extinguished the debt. She now come« to
Congress and asks that this amount be refunded
back to her. I believe the universal settled pun*
r.iple has he^u, on all revolutionary advances by
States, that Congress has assumed the payment,
I hope no >'ermt -r will object to the bill.
Mr. fiSNJAMIN. I want to ask the Sena-
tor from Georgia one question. I understood the
certificate of the State Treasurer to read that the
payment was made in ]o4tf,8iid I understood the
bill-to read that it was in lb38.
Mr. lVEflSON. Ko, sir. The report was ji
made in lS-17. The original report was made in J
1838; but the State did not adopt it until 1847. !
The report was made by this committee in 1838; ;
but the Statp did not act upon it until 1847. i
Mr. BENJAMIN. The money was not paid ,
until 3847 > j
Mr. IVEUSON. The act of the Legislature )
authorizing the issuing of bonds was not passed \
until 1647; and the bonds were issued in 1848, [
payable ten years afterwards. They fell due on ,
the 1st of January, 1S58, and have been extm- j
guished by the State. j
Mr. BENJAMIN. Now I ask the Secretary
to read that passage which gives interest. J
Tne Secretary read it, as follows: j
<kTh:u the sum of 42, with jutc'rc^t, at six per j
centum, from the 1st ot Januaty, 1&38," &c. j
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is all right. j
Mr. IVERSON. Th&tis from the time Georgia j
paid the money. 1
Mr, KING, I object to the bill. j
The PRESIDIO G'OFFICER. Objection being
made, the bill will be passed over. !
JOSEPH CLYMER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 438) for the relief of Joseph Clymer.
It proposes to pay to Joseph Clymer, $15,076,
in full for all claims by him for losses or datji-
a^es on account of the contract entered into be-
tween himself and the United, States, represented
by Thomas Swords, lieutenant colonel, quarter-
master of the United States Army, on the 18th of
April, 1851, and by reason of the failure of the
United States to perform the same.
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The Secretary read it.
Mr. KING. The Court of Claims has reported
against this bill. I object to its consideration.
The bill was passed ovdr.
CHARLES M. PERRY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 439) for the relief of Charles M. Perry.
U provides for the payment to Charles M.
Perry, of the sum of $ljl72 94, being the differ-
ence between his salary as a messenger and the
salary of a clerk, the duties of which he performed
from the 28th September, 1853, to December 30,
185G.
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
The bill was passed otffer.
AUGUSTUS J. KUIIN.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (H.
R. No. 258) for the relief of Augustus J. Kuhn.
It proposes to place the name of Augustus J.
Kuhn, of the State of Pennsylvania, upon the in-
valid pension list, at the rate of eight dollars per
month, commencing on the 24th day of July,
1856, to continue during his natural life.
Mr. PUGrH. I object to that bill.
The bill was passed over.
THOMAS ALLCGCK.
The next was the bill (H. R. No. 264) grant-
ing a pension to Thomas Allcock, of Rochester,
New York.
It proposes to direct the Secretary of the In-
tenor to placc the name of Thomas Allcock, of
the city ot Rochester, m the State of New York,
upon the invalid pension roil, at the rate of eight
dollars per month, to commence on thp 1st day
of July, 1852, and to continue during his natural
life.
The Committee on Pensions report the bill
with an amendment, to strike out the words " 1st
day of July 1852," and insert, "1st day of June,
1856."
Mr. TOOMBS. Read the report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is none.
Mr. PUGH. Does the bill state that he was
a soldier of the war of 1812? 1 discover that
here is a row of bills piacticaliy to carry into ef-
fect by ''separate legislation the great biil sent to
us from the House. Jf any of them go through,
I want the big bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. So do I.
Mr. PUGH. I object to the bill.
The PRE61DJNGOFFICER. It will lie over.
Mr. CLAY. 1 think the Senator's suggestion
very opportune, as next week the Senate will
have an opportunity of passing on the old sol-
diers' pension bill. I shall make a report upon
it on Monday or Tuesday.
Mr. PUGH. Then these bills can lie over un-
til that time.
The bill was passed over.
Mr.-JOHNSON, of Tennessee. As there is
evidently not a quoium present, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. MASON. I hope not.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennesse. There is not a
quorum here.
Mr. SL1JJELL. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 23; as-follows:
"\EA8—Messrs. Blight, Biodcrick, Clay. Fitch, Hailan,
John-on ofTonnes -eo, Kmc, and Toombu—8.
NAY8—Mesfei^. [Jetifdinm, Bigier, Chesnut, Chngman.
Davi*, Doohttle, Fitzoamck, Foot, Gieen, Houston, Iver-
5-on. John?ou ot Arkansas, Jonr<;, M.iilory, ftlas>on, Pt'diee,
Fugh, lleid, itice, Sebastian, £meid->, fc?hdell, and Ward—
23.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
quorum YOting.
Mr. CLAY. I move that the Senate adjourn;
because, if the motion is not agreed to, I shall call
for the yeas and nay.'; upon every bill.
Mr. GREEN. It is not in order immediately
after a motion to adjourn has been rejected, to
make a similar motion before any other business
intervenes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It'is in order.
Mr. MASON. I believe we have now a quo-
rum. Some Senators have come in since the vote
was taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Alabama moves an adjournment.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes ]3, noes 18, no quorum voting.
Mr. PUSH. Would it be in order for me to
make a remark without a quorum ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Nothing is in
order, and no business can now be entertained,
except amotion to adjourn.
Mr. PUGH. I only want to say that there is
a perpetual clamor $bout taking up the Private
Calendar; but as soon as ever we get it up we
have no quorum.
Mr. JONES. That is a fact.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. And the men
who make the clamor are the first to go a\yay.
Mr. KING. I renew the motion to adjourn.
We can do nothing here.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 12, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. E. Kingsford, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Asbury Dickins, its Secretary, informing
the House that the Senate had passed, without
amendment, a joint resolution (H. R. No. 52)
giving the consent of Congress to the acceptance
by Captain M. F. Maury and Professor A. D.
Bdche of gold medals fiom the Sardinian Gov-
ernment; and an act (H. II. No. 576) for th&re-
lief of Captain Douglass Ottmger; and also, that
the Senate has passed an act for the relief of
Elizabeth M. Cock, widow of Major James H.
Cock, late njarshal of the district of Texas, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
ADMISSION OF OREGON.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order
to be the consideration of the bill for the admis-
sion of Oregon, on which the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Vallandigiiam] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. VALLANDTGHAM. I do not propose
to address the House on this subject; and took
the floor last night solely because there was no
gentleman present who desired to speak. But I
have one word to say, by way of explanation
only.
Whenever Kansas shall comc, as Oregon has
come, peaceably, orderly, and with the consent
of her people, 1 shall vote for her immediate ad-
mission, just as I propose to vote now for the
admission of Oregon. But Kansas is not here;
Oregon is here. There is no possible connection,
geographically, politically, or otherwise; and es-
pecially no historic parallel between these two Ter-
ritories; and by no vote of mine shall any such be
established. Both will be free States; and finding
Oregon now here at the door, I will not vote to
keep her without until Kansas shall be ready;
nor for any hindorance or obstruction to her im-
mediate and cordial welcome into the sisterhood
of Slates.
For these reasons I shall firmly and steadily
vote against the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Grow,] and against all others
intended or calculated to embarrass or delay the
passage of this bill. But, in the name of the
Democracy of my State, I thank the gentleman
and his friends, and especially my colleagues of
the other side, for yesterday's and this day's
business. The prophet of Khorassan stands un*
vailed. The Lecompton account of last winter,
which stood in public opinion against the Dem-
ocratic party of the North and West, is squared
up and -^ped out now by this credit upon the
books of the people. Again I thank the gentle-
man and his friends.
Mr. LANE. Mr. Speaker, I have not yet had
an opportunity of addressing myself to the House
in behalf of the admission of Oregon. K is a
