1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1005
matter of very great importance to the people of™
that Territory, and of the whole.country. 1 would
not now trespass on the time of the House, were
it not for the purpose of making a personal ex-
planation.
I find in the Oregon Statesman, a paper pub-
lished at Salem, Oregon, a letter purporting to
ha've been written from this city, bearing date the
17rh of June last, in which it is charged that I
had managed to prevent action on the admission
bill, for the purpose of obtaining double mileage
if, elected to the Senate. If that letter had not
been published in a Democratic paper, I would
not have noticed it; but as it has been, I feel it
my duty to say, that if the letter was written here,
the writer of that letter knew very little about
me. Money, I thank God, has not been a con-
sideration v/ith me in the discharge of my official
duty. It has had no influence over my action,
official, moral, political, or social. I have never
coveted money. I desire only the reputation of
an honest man; and that I intend to deserve al-
ways, as I have deserved heretofore that reputa-
tion. 1 did all I could to bring Oregon in; and
when I found we could not, I said to you, Mr.
Speaker, I said to the Serjeant-at-Arms of the
Senate, £ said to the Sergeant-at-Arms of the
House, that if elected arid admitted to the Senate
I would not take double mileage, or double com-
pensation. Throughout all my official action, I
have studied the strictest principles of economy
towards the Government. When I was appointed
Governor of Oregon Territory in IB48, I paid for
my own outfit, and traveled across the plains to
the Territory of Oregon without the cost to the
Government of a single cent. When I arrived at
San Francisco, I had to make the-trip from there
to Oregon by water. I had run out of money,
and I borrowed enough to pay my passage to Or- |
egon City, and I paid it as soon as 1 earned it out I
of my salary. Though I was offered a free pas- !
sage by the quartermaster who sent out in the
same vessel with me a small detachment of troops,
and who thought I was entitled to a free passage,
yet I declined to accept the offer.
Then, in the discharge of my duties of gov-
ernor, m the management of Indian affairs, I can
say, that, for the smallness of those expenses,
there is no parallel to my administration in that
respect. During the time I was Governor of
Oregon, and ex officio superintendent of Indian
affairs, I visited fifty-odd tribes of Indians, and !
gave them presents, small in amount, it is true,
but such as were necessary to keep them m a
good disposition towards the whites; and That for
the whole amount of expenses m traveling, I
made not a cent of charge. My accounts show
not a single charge against the Government; and ;
the whole amount of expense, of whatever nature, j
for the whole eighteen months that I visited those i
tribes of Indians, was less than three thousand j
dollars. I mention these things in the way of a j
personal explanation against the charges of a let- i
ter-Write.r. ;
Mr. KILGORE. I wish to ask the gentleman '
from Oregon a question. I understood him to I
remark that he would not have noticed the mat- '
ter had it been published in a Republican paper. ;
"Will the gentleman let us^know why lie would i
not have noticed it if it had been published in a j
ycspectable Republican newspaper? I
Mr. LANE. The Republican papers have taken !
the liberty so often of giving me so many hard 1
raps that I have got used to it, and I would not j
have taken it to heart. But this appears in a '
Democratic paper, and in a paper that has had I
the Government public printing.. This is a fire |
in the rear that I do not like.
I will say this: that I have had no causc of !
complaint of letter-writers since I have been a !
Delegate upon this floor. Very few of them have
taken the trouble to notice me favorably, and I |
am pure I never should desire them to notice me j
unfavorably; but I will say in vindication, or :
ratherto the credit of the letter-writers in this'city, 1
that 1 do not believe that this letter was written !
in'Washmgton. i believe it was written in Ore- :
gon lorritoiy, and with a view, in my absence, '
to affect my character as a pubhc servant and as ;
an honest man, and with a view to prejudice the :
admission of Oregon; and perhaps m order that,
the editor of this Democratic paper might still ,
have the benefit of his thousands of dollars an- '
nually for the public printing.
I have said this much about the letter-writers;
and now I must be allowed, as I feel the deepest
interest in the admission of Oregon, to say a few
words upon this subject.
Mr.'GOOCH. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Oregon if, in case Oregon is admitted and
he has a vote at either end of this Capitol, he will
vote to relieve Kansas from the effect of the Eng-
lish bill, so called, and let her pfesent herself for
admission when she chooses ?
Mr. LANE. I do not come here to make any
bargain, contract, or promises. I am an honest
man; and if I am permitted to go into the Senate
I shall exercise a sound discreti6n and judgment,
and with a strong desire to promote the general
good, prosperity, and welfare of a country, that I
love mere than life; and I believe that my official
action through life is a guarantee that in all mat-
ters I will" do what I bcheve to be right.
Now, Mr. Speaker, Oregon Territory is pecu-
liarly situated. I think if there ever was a ease
in this country where a people were entitled to
the care, protection, and aid of this Government,
it is the-people of that Territory. They went out
there atavery early day. I heard with pleasure,
from gentlemen upon the other side of the House,
a partial history of the early settlinjrof that coun-
try. As early as 1832, 1^33, and *1834, and from
that time down to 1830 and ltf-iO, the missionary
societies of this country took it into their heads
very wisely to establish missionaries upon the
Pacific. They sent out good and educated men,
men who had a strong desire to civilize the sav-
ages, to inculcate religious principles among them,
and encourage habits of industry and civiliza-
tion. Th£ir missions were assisted by many old
trappers, who, though they had spent many years
m the mountains, m pursuit of game and furs,were
yet men who had noble and pure hearts, and who
leadily offered such aid and assistance as was in
their power. Settlements grew up round the mis-
sionary posts. Every effort was put forth by
these irood people to influence the habits of the
savages. They were urged to be led upon the
paths of Christianity and civilization.
In 1841,-these settlements had been extended
over the country, and their welfare depended
upon order and good government. They, there-
fore, organized themselves into a temporary pro-
visional government. A board was appointed to
enact laws, and judges weie selected for the deci-
sion of all matters in dispute. That provisional
government continued until 1S43, when a regu-
lar form of government was adopted. George
Ahernethy was elected Governor. A Legislative
Assembly was created', judges were appointed,
and all the operations of government went on as
smoothly as they dp in any of the Territories
of the United States. A post otiicc department
was established, and mail service was performed
throughout the Territory. Communication thus
was kept up with all the settlements. That
government conunued until when, by act
of Congress, the laws of the United States were
extended over Oregon, and a territorial govern-
ment was voted to her. When 1 arrived there,
in the winter of 181^, I found the provisional
government I have inferred to working beau-
tifully. Peace and plenty blessed the lulls and
H^les, and harmony and quiet, under the benign
influence of that government, reigned supiv.na
throughout her holders. I thought that it was
almost a pity to disturb the existing relations—to
put that government down and another up. Yet
they came out to meet me, their first Governor
under the laws of the Umt.'d Stit^s. They told
me how p:ond thev were to be uoder the laws of
the United State*; and howglad they were towel-
come me as holding the commission of the Gen- .
eral Government. Why, sir, my heart waxed
warm to them from that diy.
Mr. Speaker, can any man upon this floor rec-
oncile it with the common dictates of justice to
deny to this People a State government? They
are law-abiding; tlvy have population; they are
competent for self-government: wherein is Hthat
they are deficient5 My friend from Tennessee'
[Mr. Zoi.ucoFiiErt] sari that he voted for Kansas i
because of fear of disturbances: because, forsooth,
they were outlaws and bad men. Would not |
that be a rewaid for defiance of the law?
Mr. ZOLLtCOKFER. The statement of the
gentleman from Oregon does me great injustice.
On the Kansas question there was great excite-,
ment, connected with the question of sfevery,
which agitated the public mind of the whole
Union to such an extent that I regarded it my
duty to aid to bring Kansas into the Union, and
at once settle the agitation'attaching to that Ter-
ritory. This consideration-was, to my mind,
paramount to that of population.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, I desire to a^k
the gentleman from "Oregon whether, from his
knowledge of the country, he believes there are
ninety-three thousand four hundred and twenty
people there ?
Mr.,LANE. I do. From "my knowledge of
the country, from the rapid increase of popula-
tion there, I believe that there are ninety-three
thousand four hundred and twenty inhabitants
there; ninety-three thousand four hundred and
twenty white people, no Chinamen or negroes
counted. I am not only satisfied of that, but'I
can show, I think, thatOregon, before'the appor-
tionment in 1870, will stand here with her repre-
sentatives representing three hundred thousand
people.
Mr. Speaker, she comes here with a constitu-
tion regularly framed, and adopted by her people.
It is the wish of those people that they shall as-
sume the responsibilities of State government.
Are they not entitled to it? Now I would ask
the friends of her admission to vote down all
amendments. If the bill is to stand, let it stand
as it came from the Senate. If it is to fall, then
let it fali upon that bill. Do not refuse hertequost
by indirection; let the issue be fairly and openly
made. She has been fair and honest m her deal-
ings with us, and why should we be otherwise
to her? My northern friends will believe me
when I say that the rights of every State of the
! Union are as dear to me as those of Oregon, If
I I have a seat in Congress, I will be at all times,
j prompt to lesentany uespass on the rights of the
| States as secured by the Constitution. My affec-
| tion rests on every inch of this Union—East and
i West, North and South. The promotion of the
! prosperity of this great country is the strongest
j desire of my heart. I then ask gentlemen on all
, sides of the House, on what principle of justice
; or right, the application ofOiegon can be refused ?
| [Here the hammer fell.]
j Mr. STANTON. Mr. Speaker, I suppose
] there is no man in the House, or in the country,
J who does not know that the admissionvof Oregon
j as a State into the Union is purely a question of
j time—that it must come, and at no very'distant
i day. There is, therefore, no question about de-
| nymg to the people of Oregon any rights that
j they are entitled to under this Constitution. It is
I a question as to whether Oregon shall be admitted
j to-day or to-morrow on such terms as have been
■ imposed on other Territories, or on more favora-
' ble terms. My colleague who spoke this tnorn-
! u;g, [Mr. Yallandigham,] has found something
to be thankful for, and 1 am glad of it. So far as
I I am concerned, he is entirely welcome to all that
j he can make out of that in Ohio.
| Now, Mr. Speaker, I desire to call the atten-
I tion of gentlemen, on the other side of the House
' especially, to the action of Congress in relation
j to the admission of Kansas. It was decided by
i the almost united vote of the Democratic party,
| that that State could not be admitn d with a con-
! stnution of her own making, without having the
| ratio of representation, aocei temed by a <k duly
| and legally taken'* census. That is rocognized
! and spread on the records of the country as a part
i of the doctrines and principles of the Democratic
j party of the country. There is no escape from
| it. Now, if my colleague supposes that in this
< state of fact*, with the whole record of the Dom-
| ocratic party m this and the othei branch of Con-
; gress against the admission of Kansas as a free
' State, as proposed by the Criitenden-Montgomery
! amendment, he can make any capital on account
1 of Republican votes against the admission of Oic-
i gon, he is welcome to ail that he can make,
j Mr. Speaker, I will notstultify myself by pro-
I fesong to ignore what I know to be the operating
i causes which control the votes of members on
: tins floor, in voting for and against the admis-
sion of Oiegon. Sir, if Kansas had been admitted
. under the Crittenden-Montgomery bdlj^uitlemen
on the other side very well know she would have
j sent to the other wing of the Capitol two Senators
} who would have votes during the next presiden-
! tial term, and that these two votes would have
