1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101-1
NAYS—Messrs. Ad rain, Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdrtle, Barr, Billingburst, Bocock, Bonham, Bowie,
Boyee, Branch, Bryan, Burnett, Burns, Caruthers, Case,
Caskic, Cavanaugh, Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, Cobb,
John Cochiane, Cockeriy, Colfax, Comins. Corning, Cox,
James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson,
Davis of Indiana, Davis of Mississippi, Dewart, Dimmick,
Dowdell, Edrnundson, Elliott, English, Florence, Foley,
Garnett, Gartrcll, Giliis, Greenwood, Gregg, Groesbeck,
Lawrence W. Hall, Haskin, Hawkins, Hodges, Hopkins,
Horton, Houston, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jenkins, Jew-
ett, George W. Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Kilgore, Lamar,
Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Letcher, Maclay, McKihbtn,
McQueen, McRae, Humphrey Marshall, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Mason, Miles, Miller, Millson, Montgomery, Moore,
Isaac N. Morris, Niblack, Nichols, Pendleton, Peuit. Pey-
ton, John 8. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Powell,
Reagan, Reilly, Euffin, Russell, Sandidge, Savage, Scales,
Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Henry M. Shaw,
Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Wil-
liam Smith, Stallworth, Stephens, James A. Stewart,
Talbot, George Taylor, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Trippe,
Vallandigham, Vance, Ward, Watkms, White, Wlnteley,
Winslow, Wood, Woodson, Wortendyke, Augustus R.
Wright, John V. Wright, and Zolhcoffei—132.
So the substitute was rejected.
During the call,
Mr. READY stated that he had paired off gen-
erally on this bill with Mr. Warren.
Mr. MAYNARD said: Mr. Speaker, I have
stated that I have paired, for the remainder of
this day, with Mr. Kunkel, of Maryland. In
making that agreement, it did not occur to either
of us that a vote would be taken on the present
proposition. I have no doubt that our votes
would have been the same against it; but I do not
feel at liberty to do anything that might even
seem a violation of the agreement.
Mr. STEVENSON, not being within the bar
when his name was called, asked leave to vote.
Mr. DEAN objected.
Mr. STEVENSON said he would have voted
in the negative.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's preamble
falls, his amendment having fallen.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I think, Mr. Speaker,
that this House has done a pretty good week's
work, and I dislike to have it marred by finishing
up this thing to-night. I therefore move that the
House do now adjourn.
Members from all sides. No; let us go on.
* The House refused to adjourn.
Mr. BONHAM. I wish to make an explana-
tion.
Mr. RITCHIE. I object to everything that is
not strictly in order. ' ,
The bill was then ordered- to be read a third
time; it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. I demand the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on the
preamble to the bill.
The preamble was read, as follows:
Wheieas the people of Oregon have framed, ratified, and
adopted a constitution of State government which is re-
publican, and m eonfoimity with the Constitution of the
United States, and have appUed for admission into the
Union on an equal footing with the other States : Theie-
forc—
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 113, nays 95; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
BaticsdaSe, Bair, Bocock, Uuniiam, Bowie, Bianch, Bur-
nett, Burns. Cdrutlieraj Ca&kio, Cavanaugh,Chapman, John
R. Clark. Clay, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cockeriil, Corning,
Cox, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawfoid, Curry, David-
son, Davis of Indiana, JDavis ol Mississippi, Dewart, Dim-
mick, Dowdell, Edrnundson, Elliott, English, Florence,
Foley. Gartreli/Gillis, Greenwood,Gregg, Groesbeck, Law-
rence VV, Hall, Hatch, Hawkins, Hodges, Hopkins, Hous-
ton,Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, JerikiU£>, Jevvett. George W.
Jones, Owen Jones, Keitt, Lamar, Landy, Lawrencc,
Leidy, Leiter, Letcher, Maclay, McKihbm, Mcdueen,
McRae, Samuel S.Marshall,Mason,Miles,Miller,Millson,
Montgomeiv, Mooie, Isaac N Morris, Niblack, Pendleton,
Peyton. John S. Phelps, William W. Phelp<3. Phillip*. Pow-
ell, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin., Russell, Sandidge, Savage,
Scales, Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Heiuy M.
Shaw, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith. Ste-
phens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Tay-
lor, Miles Taylor, Vallandigham, Ward, Watkms, VVhite,
Wlnteley, Winslow, Wortendyke, Augustus 11. Wright,
and John V. Wneht—113.
NAYS— Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Billmghmst, Bing-
ham, Blair, Bhiyton, Buffinton, Rurhngame, Bunoughs,
Case, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Clavk, Claw^on,
Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax. Covode, Curtis, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd, Durfee,
Edie, Farnsworth, Feruon, Foster,Gilnian,Gilmei,Gooeh,
Goodwin, Granger, Grow, Robeit B. Hall, Harlan, Harris,
Haskin, Hill, Hoard, Horton, Howard, Keim, Kellogg, Kel-
sey, Kilgore, Knslpp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Lovejoy.
Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Morgan, Morrill, Edward
Joy Morris, Freeman H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Mott.
Murray, Nichols, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pettit, Pike, Potter,
Pottle, Purvianee, Eicaud, Ritchie, Robbins, Roberts,
Royce, Judson W. Sherman. Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Tappan, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins, Trippe,
Underwood, Vance, Wade, Walbridge, Waidron, Walton,
Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elfihu B. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Wilson, Wood, and Ztjllicoffer—95.
So the preamble was adopted.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered. '
The question was taken," Shall the bill pass ?"
and it was decided in the affirmative—yeas 114,
nays 103; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Arnold, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdale, Barr, Billinghurst, Bocock, Bowie, Branch,
Burnett, Burns, Caiuthers, Case, Caskie, Cavanaugh,
Chapman, John B. Clark, Clay, John Cochrane, Cockeriil,
Coliax, Comins, Corning, Cox, Ornyin, James Craig, Bur-
ton Craige, Curtis, Davidson, Davia of Indiana, Davis of
Mtssi&sippi, Dewart, Dimmick, Edmundson3 Elliott, Eng-
lish, Florence, Foley, Foster, Gartrell, Gilhs, Greenwood,
Gregg, Groesbeck, Lawrence W. Hall. Hatch, Hawkins,
Hodges, Hopkins, Horton, Hughes, Huyler, Jackson, Jen-
kins, Jewett, George W. Jones, Owen Jones, Kilgore, John
C. Knnkel, Lamar, Landy, Lawrence, Leidy, Leiter,
Letcher, Maclay, McKibbm, McRae, Samuel S. Marshall,
Mason, Miller, Montgomery, Isaac N. Morns, Niblack,
Nichols, Pendleton, Pettit, Peyton, John S. Phelps, Wil-
liam W. Phelps., Phillips, Powell, Reagan, Reilly, Ruffin,
Russell,'Sandtdge, Savage, Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaron
Shaw, Singleton, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith, Ste-
phens, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Talbot, George Tay-
lor, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Vallandigham, Ward, Watkms,
White, Whiteley, Winslow, Wood, Wortendyke, Augus-
tus R. Wright, and John V. Wright—114.
NAYS—Messrs. Abbott, Andrews. Bingham, Blair, Ron-
ham, Boyce, Bravton, Bryan, Buffinton, Burhngame, Bur-
roughs, Chaffee, Ezra Clark, Horace F. Claik, dawson,
Cobb, Clark B. CoehranotCovode, Ciawlbrd, Cuny, Davis
of Maiyland, Davis of Iowa, Dawes, Dean, Dick, Dodd,
Dowdell, Din fee, Edie, Farnsworth, Fenton, Gidding*, Oil-
man, Gilmer, Gooch, Goodwin, Gr,ing<*t. Grow, Robert B.
Hall, Harlan, Ham*, Haskin, Hill, liomd, Houston, How-
ard, Keun, Keitt, Kellogg, Kelsey, Knapp, Leach, Love-
joy, McQueen, Humphrey Marshall, Matteson, Mile®, Mill-
son, Moore, Moigau, Moi nil, Edward Joy Mon is, Freeman
II. Morse, Olivei A. Morse, Mott, Murrav, Ohn, Palmer,
Parker, Pike, Potter, Pottle, Purvianee, Rteaud, Ritchie,
Robbms, Roberts, Royce, Scales, Henry IVf. Shaw, Judson
W. Sheiman, Shorter-, William Smuh, Spinner, Stall-
worth, Stanton, William Stewart, Tappan, Thompson,
Tompkins, Tiippe, Underwood, Vance, tVade, Walbndge,
Waidron, Wa(ton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B.
Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wilson, Woodson, and
Zolhcoffer—103.
So the bill was passed.
During the call,
Mr. GARNETT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Bishop, he being for, and Mr. Garnett
unhesitatingly opposed to, the bill.
Mr. BONHAM said that he voted against the
bill, but not because it was for a free State.
When the result of the vote was announced,
there was applause upon the floor and in the gal-
leries.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I wish fo make
a correction of my remarks as printed in the
Globe. I am reported as having said yesterday
that my colleague [Mr. Comins] voted against
the bill for the admission of Minnesota. The vote
which I had before me was the vote of my col-
leage upon the enabling act for Minnesota. My
colleague voted for the admission of that State.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that they had examined,
and found truly enrolled, a hill (H. R. No. 576)
for the relief of Captain Douglass Ottinger; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 53) giving the
assent of"Congress to the acceptance, by Captain
M. F. Maury and Professor A. D. Bache, of gold
medals from the Sardinian Government; when
the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the !
Whole on the state of the Union, in order that j
we may have an evening session. Several mem-
bers desire to address the committee.
Mr. BURNETT moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty minutes to five o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned to Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Mondat, February 14, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. E. Q.. Si Waldron.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, ac-
companied by one hundred copies of the Navy
Register for the current year, for the use of the
Senate; which was read. ,
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate, the papers relat-
ing to the claim of James Keenan, United States
consul at Hong Kong, in China; which, on mo-
tion of Mr. Bigler, were referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. HUNTER presented the credentials of
Hon. Robert Toombs, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of Georgia, for the term
of six years from and after the 4th day of March
next; which were read and placed ott fiJe.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GWIN presented resolutions adopted at a
meeting of the Israelites, held in San Francisco,
on the 15th of January, 1859, in relation to the
forcible abduction on the 23d of June, 1858, by
the Papal authorities at Bologna, of a Jewish
youth named Mortara, and his baptism into the
Catholic Church against the authority and wishes
of his parents, and requesting the Senators from
California to urge upon Congress the moral power
of tins Government to aid in the suppression of
similar acts of religious intolerance and persecu-
tion; which were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition ofGeorge
W. Armstrong, son and executor of the late Ma-
jor Samuel Armstrong, praying compensation for
the losses and injuries sustained by his father,
and for the military and other services rendered
by him, during the revolutionary war; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofTennessee. I presentape-
tition of citizens of New York and its vicinity,
praying that the public lands may be laid out m
farms and lots for the free and'exclusive use of
actual settlers only.
I will remark, in this connection, that, in my
own State, at a public meeting, resolutions'have
been passed in favor of this measure, and urging
the friends of it to press its consideration.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KING presented a memorial of citizens of
New York and Brooklyn, praying an appfopria-
tion for erecting earth-work redoubts on Long
Island; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. BIGLER presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying the imposition of such
duties on articles of foreign manu&cture as will
protect the interests of those engaged in the man-
ufacture of similar products in that State; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance. '
He also presented the petition of the heirs of
Nehemiah Stokely, an officer of the Revolution,
praying to be allowed the half pay promised by
the resolves of Congress; which was referred to
the Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented the petition of the heirs and
legal representatives of Brigadier General William
-Thompson, an officer of the Revolution, praying
to be allowed the seven years' half pay due to his
widow and orphan children, under the resolve of
August 24, 1780; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Claims.
THE RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. SEWARD. I submit the memorial of the
president and directors of the Board of Trade of
the of city Oswego, in the State of New York, stat-
ing that, from their practical experience, the re-
ciprocity treaty between the United States and
Great Britain! concerning the fade between Brit-
ish North America and the United States, has
worked efficiently and well; that it has been produc-
tive already of vast benefits to the United States;
butrepresefi ting that great injury is done to the citi-
zens and trade of the United States by the manner
