KHS
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
in which the provisions of that treaty are carried
out under the administration of the consul gen-
eral of the British North American colonies, ap-
pointed by the Government of the United States;
that under his administration this great trade, in-
stead of- being international and reciprocal, is
placed upon a strictly foreign basis, ^nd.a,beneii-
cent treaty differs only in name from those be-
tween this Government and Spain or Prance or
any othef foreign Government." The memorial
represents that Tie has appointed a large number
of deputies, known as consular agents or vice
. cohsujs, who claim the right of exacting fees for
'certificates on all shipments from Canada to the
lake ports. The fees from these certificates, and
the delays and inconveniences of procuring them,
are a direct charge to the trade to the detriment
of the citizens of this country. They pray that
this abuse may be abated. I move the reference
of this memorial to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1- have a petition from
the Board of Trade of this city of Portland, Maino,
the content#of which I design to state. It is, in
most sespects, very similar to that which has just
been presented by the Senator from New York.
It is accompanied by some tables showing the
great increase of trade between this country and
the British colonies- since the reciprocity treaty,
and it goes oft to state that that trade has actually
been- falling off in some measure during the last
year; that the cause of it is, in some degree at
least, owing to exactions by the great number of
agents appointed by the consul general for the
British provinces, who resides at Montreal. It
prays that the provisions of that treaty which have
been so beneficial may be extended as far as pos-
sible, so as to include the products of the work-
shop and the manufactory; and particularly prays
that the present trade may be relieved from the
onerous and unjust exactions imposed upon it by
the consul general and his agents. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
The motion was agreed to. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move further, that the
memorial which I have just presented be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion will
go to the Committee on Printing under the rules.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it may be
printed for the use of the Senate without being
referred to the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Only by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume there will be
no objection. It is a short memorial. „
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection. By unanimous consent the memo-
rial will be ordered to be printed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. YULEE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of citizens of Jackson, in the State of
California, praying the establishment of a tri-
weekly mail route between St. Joseph, Missouri,
and Placerville, California, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed; and
asked to be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the subject; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 3G) ex-
planatory of an act entitled " An act for the re-
lief of George Chorpenning, jr., "approved March
3, 1857, asked to be discharged from, its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition ef George Chorpenning,
praying the passage of an act to construe the act
of 3d of March, 1857, for his relief, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Court of Claims; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S. No. 8) to
provide ice boats for the Potomac river, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of John W. Post, of Illi-
nois, who claims to be the inventor of a,ne w prin-
ciple for the conveyance of mail matter by means
of tubes, balls, and atmospherie'pressure, and
.asking' Congress to cause an investigation to be
made into jts -merits, asked to he discharged from
Us further consideration; which was agreed to.
• He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the joint resolution (S, Ifo. 15) au-,
thorizing a renewal of certain contracts for carry-
ing the mail on the Mississippi river, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration; which
wag agreed to. . .
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of citizens of Edgefield
district, South Carolina, prayipg the establish-
ment of a post office at Kaolin, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of J. W. Sullivan, pray-
ing indemnification for losses caused by the re-
peated failure of the mail between New Orleans
and San Francisco, asked to be discharged from
its fnrther consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No, 496) to abolish the
franking privilege of members of Congress, and
for other purposes, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 384) to regulate the
rates of postage to and from foreign countries,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, who were instructed by a resolution of
the Senate to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing such changes in the Attorney General's office
as will improve its efficiency, without increasing
its aggregate cost to the Government, reported a
bill (S. No. 576) concerning the office of Attorney
General; which was read and passed to a second
reading. •
Mr. RICE, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
petition of Sheldon McKnight, praying addi-
tional compensation for carrying the mails on the
Cleveland, Detroit, and Lake Superior routes,
from the year 1848, to the present time, submitted
a report accompanied by a bill (S. No. 577) for
the relief of Sheldon McKnight. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading, and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STUART, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. G06) for the relief of Sylvester Churchill,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. FITCH, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print a letter
of the Secretary of State, communicating a report
of the commercial relations of the United States
with foreign countries, reported in favor of print-
ing the usual number in quarto.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GWIN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the Senate to introduce a bill to release the pay-
ment fo# the town site of the city of San Fran-
cisco. It is important to have this bill passed at
an early day, as the title to property of great
value depends upon its becoming a law. The city
of San Francisco, under the acts of 1844 and 1853,
applied to enter the site of the city, but at that
time there was no receiver of public money to
receive the payment for the same. Subsequently,,
by the passage of the consolidation act, which
defined every object for which money should be
drawn from the city treasury, and this item was
not named, the power was taken away from the
City,Council to use the funds of the city to com-
plete the entry, and it is feared the use of private
funds might invalidate the title. It is, therefore,
important to pass this bill and release the city
from the payment, and thus perfect the title. The
amount is very small, and I hope there will be no
delay in acting on the bill.
Leave was granted, and the bill (S. No. 578)
to release the payment for the town site of the
city of San Francisco was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 579) to authorize the investigation
and determination of asserted titles to the Hot
Springs of Ouachita, ia the State of Arkansas;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Private Land Claims.
. ARIZONA-AND DACOTAH.
Mr. GREEN. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That Senate bill No. 555, being a, bill for the
organization of the Territories of Arizona and Dacotah,be
made the special order for Saturday next, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to its considera-
tion to-day.
The resolution lies over.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the bill of the Senate (No. 239)
for the admission of Oregon into the Union. -
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A subsequent message from the House of Rep-
resentatives, by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed an en-
rolled bill (S. No. 239) for the admission of Ore-
gon into the Union; aijd it was signed by the
Vice President.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message at a later hsur from the President
of the United States, by Mr. Henry, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President had this day
approved and signed an act for the admission of
Oregon into the Union.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. -
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Allen, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
Vice President*
An act (H. R. No. 277) for the relief of Mary
Boyle;
An act (H. R. No. 426) for the relief of Monroe
D. Do whs;
An act (H. R. No. 481) for the relief of Dinah
Minis;
An act (H. R. No. 575) for the relief of Robert
A. Davidge; and
An act (H. R. No. 577) for the relief of Re-^
becca M. Bowden, of Prince George county, Vir-"
ginia.
A. BAUDOUIN AND A. D. ROBERT.
Mr. SLIDELL. I ask, what I very rarely do,
the indulgence of the Senate to take up and con-
sider a private bill that will lead to no debate. On
Saturday the Senate adopted a resolution to con-
sider bills to which no objection should be made.
An objection was made by the Senator from New
York [Mr. King,] to this bill. I thinkafter hav-
ing heard the report he will be satisfied that it is
eminently just and equitable, and ought to pass.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 245) for the relief of A. Bau-
douin and A. D. Robert.
It directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
the sum of $2,000 to A. Baudouin and A. D. Rob-
ert, in full compensation for the damages sus-
tained by them arising from the 'sinking of a flat-
boat of ice, at New Orleans, by a steamboat in
the service of the United States.
Mr. SLIDELL. The report is very short; it
will explain the bill.
Mr. KING. I ask that the report be read. I
objected the other day because I thought the bill
ought not to pass, but I am not disposed by in-
terposing an objection to its passage, to prevent
its being considered.
The Secretary read the report.
The Committee on Claims, to whom the petition and
proofs of A. Baudouin and A. D. Robert, of New Oileans,
was referred, report :
That the petitioners have, by proper proof, satisfied your
committee that tliey were on the 21st day ot March, 1846,
owners of a flat-boat of ice, containing (220) two hundred
and twenty tons, which boat, loaded with ice. iiad on that
day been towed down to the landing m the fust munici-
pality hi the city of New Orleans, set apart to them by the
wharfinger ; that just before she was properly fastened to
the wharf, and whilst their boat was tied to another boat, the
name of which is not given in the proof, but declared by the
petitioners to be the schooner Commerce, Oaptam Pierce,
she was run into by the steamer Colonel Harney, then 111
the service of the United States, and commanded by the
officers of the Government. Tile proof shows that the Colo-
nel Harney way under a heavy pressure of steam, and that
the act was apparently the result of great carelessness or
wantonly mischievous, whereby the petitioners lost the
