1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1013
boat, which was sunk, and the ice, valued at $2,000; the
proof is that there was two hundred and twenty tons, and
that it was worth ten dollars per ton.
Suit was brought in the CJmted States&istrict court, and the
evidence on file which makes this cage, was taken contra-
dictorily with the United States district attorney, and would
between individuals, have given th« plaintiffs a judgment
for $2,000, but the case was dismissed upon an exception,
which was, that the Government could hot be sued; where-
upon the parties appealed to Congress for redress, and on
the 15th Decembei, 1846, this case was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims, and referred to the same committee a ain
on the 17th December, A. D. 1847; that on the aOth March,
184®, a bill was reported to this House for $2,000, accom-
panied by a report from Mr. Rockwell, which report and
bill is herewith submitted; that the report and hill weie
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union and recommended by the committee to the House
for passage, but was not reached. The papers were again
referred so the Committee of Claims on the 23d of January,
1850, and on the 13th of Eebruary following a report was
made from this committee by Mr. Nelson, with a bill for the
relief of the parties, which report and bill were referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union, and
reported back with a-recommsndatiori that it do pass the
House; that the report of the committee was not finally
acted on. The bill went to the Speaker's table and was not,
reached. In view of all these facts the committee report
back all the papers with a bill for $2,000 for the relief of the
petitioner.
Mr. J. A. Roc.kwell, from the Committee of Claims, made
the following report:
The Committee of Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of A- Baudouin and A. D. Robert, of the city of
New Orleans, report as follows:
The petitioners represent, and prove to the satisfaction
of the committee, that on the 21st March, 1846, a flat-boat
belonging to them, loaded wtfh ice, while laving at the
wharf at the city of New Orleans, m proper'place, was
Ptruck by the steamer Colonel Harney, which was coming
up the river tinder full steam; that, by the force of the col-
lision, the bottom and side of the flat-boat were so broken
and disjointed that it commenced filling with water so rap-
idly that the cargo could not be saved, and the boat and
cargo soon sunk to the bottom of the river. The steamer
was in the service of the United State* at the time, and'
under command of an officer of the United States, and the
act was one nf manifest negligence. Under the state nf
facts existing m thu case, as between individuals, there
could be no doubt of the right of the partv to claim the
amount of damage* sustained, and the obligation of the
Govei nment is the same. The steamer was libeled in the
United States court at New Orleans by the petitioners, and
most of the testimony w.is taken in the piesence of the Uni-
ted States district attorney, who cross-examined the wit-
nesses. The libel was dismissed on the ground that the
Government could not be sued. The proof is, that the loss
sustained by the petitioners was $2,000, and for this aum the
committee report a bill, and recommend its passage.
Mr. KING-. I regard this bill as one involving
this simple principle; whether the United States
is liable for any injury accruing from any im-
proper conduct on the part of its officers. That
is the case set forth in this report. I think it
is eminently proper that this case should go be-
fore the Court of Claims. I will make that mo-
tion. As the case is before the Senate, I move'
that the bill be referred to the Court of Claims.
If the Senate reject that motion, I will say no
more upon the subject.
Mr. SLIDELL. Underordinary circumstances,
perhaps, that would have been the proper course
to have been pursued with this bill; but the mat-
ter has been now pending before Congress for
some seven or eight, I think ten, years. There
have been repeated favorable reports on the sub-
ject, and a reference now to the Court of Claims
would inevitably lead to a further delay of. two
years before the Government ^vould reimburse
what it certainly justly owes. Perhaps the Sen-
ate have not listened to the report, and I will
state very briefly what the facts were.
A Government transport stealer, commanded
by an officer in the service of the Government,
and manned by a crew paid by the Government,
ran into a flat-boat moored to the levee at New
^Orleans. There can be no doubt where the-re-
sponsibility—where the fault was. It is not the
case of a collision of two vessels under sail. _ A.
flat-boat is in quiescense, and a steamer belonging
to the Government of the United States runs into
her. The parties, perhaps ignorant of the char-
acter of the precise ownership of the vessel, have
recourse to the admiralty court of the United
States, to the remedy which they could find there,
and could have found in the courts of the United
States by proceeding in remagamst the vessel that
committed the mischief. Testimony was taken,
contradictorily by the districtattorney in the court
of the United States, which comes up with these
papers, proving conclusively, not only the fault
of the officer commanding that vessel of the Uni-
ted States, but the nature and extent of the loss
sustained by the libelant in the case. The case,
however, is dismissed on an exception taken by
the district attorney, that that remedy could not
be employed against the Government of the Uni-
ted States. Now, w,hat is the position of the Gov-
ernment? If this steamboat had belonged to in-
dividuals, the remedy against them #ould have
been plain and simple, and these men would have
had their money ten years ago. They have,
been knocking'during that time -at the doors of
Congress; repeated favorable reports have been
made in the case, and the simple question now is,
whether you will delay them two or three years
more in a case in. which equity, and, as I think,
the law, is so clearly with the petitioners. I trust
the Senate will reject the proposition made by the
Senator from New York.
Mr. KING. If I was satisfied that these par-
ties were clearly and justly entitled to the amount,
I would not make this motion; but the testimony
is ex parte, and I think this is the proper course
to be pursued on such a claim.
Mr. BAYARD. It seems to me the statement
of the honorable Senator from Louisiana involves
the necessity of sending this case to the Court of
Claims. The principle certainly is an important
one. There can be no doubt about the fact that
the Government of the United States arc not lia-
ble for all illegal acts of officers in command of
national vessels, nor is the vessel liable; though,
by admiralty law,*in cases of collision, and many
othfcr cases, the vessel as well as the commander
and owners, is liable. But in the case of a national
vessel, beyond §11 question the Government would
not be held liable in a proceeding in rem arising
out of an illegal capture or collision at sea. If
that be the case as legaids a national vessel, if I
understand the matter correctly, the court decided
that a vessel in the employment of or chartered
by the Governxnent, and under their control, is
not liable to a proceeding in rem; and the party
must resort for remedy against the individual,
whether a Government officer or not, who. com-
mits the act. That does not make the Govern-
ment liable; nor can I see on any principle thatwc
should be either legally or equitably liable under
circumstances of J.hat kind. It would be just the
case where the commander of a national vessel-
of-war makes an illegal seizure, and subsequently
is sued individually, and recovery is had against
j[iim. The Government is not responsible in all
cases for the illegal acts of its officers. There may
be exceptive cases in which the Government would
relieve the officer from the responsibility. Under
the circumstances,'! think this case should clearly
go to the Court of Claims.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish to ask the Senator
from Louisiana a question. I think the whole
matter turns upon a single point, at least so far
as my vote will go. 'Did the court, on an inves-
tigation of this case, declare, or is it true that, if
the vessel had been sailed by an individual, the
owners of the boat would have had a right to
recover against them ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I did not precisely hear the
question of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. HAMLIN. If I understand the case, a
boat, loaded with ice, was run into by a Govern-
ment vessel; that case was investigated by your
court, and the court decided that an action would
not he against the Government.
Mr. SLIDELL. That is, against the property
of the Government.
Mr. HAMLIN. The point I want to know
is this: had the vessel running into the one loaded
with ice been owned by an individual, would that
individual have been liable?
Mr. SLIDELL. There is no question about
it in the world.
Mr. HAMLIN. Then, I think the Govern-
ment ought to stand as the individual.
Mr. KING. I will inquire further, on what
authority, whether on his own judgment of the
law or the facts, or on any opinion expressed by
the court, the Senator from Louisiana expresses
that opinion ? He may be satisfied that the Gov-
ernment would be liable; but was the court satis-
fied, or is there any competent authority satisfied
of it ?
Mr. SLIDELL. I stated before, and restate
now, that if the steamer had been owned by in-
dividuals, they could have been brought into the
district court, and the property they owned would
have been liable for the reimbursement of these
damages. I say the Government stand precisely
in the position of the owners if they hud been
1 private individuals, liable to the same responsi-
bility, only they could not- fee sued in their qwn
courts for a debtdue«to individuals. As to the
facts, there is no dispute. The amount of ice on
board the boat is proved. The claimants claim
$2,200. There were two hundred and twenty tons
of ice and the boat itself. "My colleague knows
very wellwhat the usual price of ieeis. Itis-never
less than eight or ten dollars a ton. ..The cost of
freight on it to New Orleans is three or four dol-
lars. If there were any doubt at all, either about
the law or the facts, or the equitable obligation to .
pay, in accordance witH the course I have always
pursued here, I would not object to its reference
to the Cour.t of Claims. The facts are proved be-
yond dispute, and it is a case of great hardship.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved and
seconded that the bill be referred to the Court of
Claims.
- The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and was
read the third time.
Mr. FE3SENDEN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 10; as fqllowsJ
YEAS—Messrs. Allen, Bell, Benjamin, BigJer, Blight,
Brodenck, Brown, Chesnut, Clark, Cojlamer, Dixon, Fitch,
Fitzpatrick, Foot, Green, Gwin, Hamlin, Harlan. Iverson,
Jones, Pcaice, Reid, Seward, Slidell, and Ward~25.
NAYS—Messrs. 6ayard, Clay, Davis, Fessenden, John-
son of Ai kansas. Johnson of Tennessee, King, ttice, Stuart,
and Wade—-10.
So the bill was passed. ,j
ADMISSION TO THE FLOOR.
Mr. DAYIS. The complaint,-which is general
in the Chamber, as to the ventilation and heating,
indicates to me the propriety of allowing the offi-
cer in charge of the construction to have the priv-
ilege of the floor of the Senate during the period of
construction, sothathemay regulate the draught,
the amount of heat, and such other questions con-
nected with the comfort of the Chamber. I there-
fore ask that the Senate will now order that the
officer in charge of the construction of the wings
of the Capitol, be allowed, during the period of
construction, the privilege of admission to the floor
of the'Senate. ' -
Mr. SLIDELL. I hope that motion will be
concurred in. I thought it was unusually warm
just now, and I had the curiosity to consult the
thermometer. My seat stands at 89°, an'd the seat
of the Senator from Rhode Isjand [Mr. Allen]
at 940. If v7e have any regard for our health, I
think we should endeavor to put a stop to this. I
confess this is hotter fire than I am accustomed
to, and I should like to retreat if I could.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to inquire if the
officer in charge thinks he can remedy the matter
by being allowed to come into the Chamber while
the Senate is in session ?
Mr. DAVIS. I will merely say that the officer
in charge left many problems for observation in
connection with the drafts and heating of the
Chamber, which he proposed to study when the
room was occupied and the heat admitted, which
he cannot study so well at any other time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the suggestion of the Senator from
Mississippi, and the order will be made.
RATES OF POSTAGE.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator from Florida, [Mr.
Yulee,] from the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, reported a bill for raising the
rates of postage, ana other purposes. When that
bill comes up for consideration in the Senate, I
intend to move an amendment to strike out the
whole of the bill after the enacting clause, and
insert a substitute; which I ask may be read for
the information of the Senate, and ordered to be
printed with the bill.
Mr. STUART. I inquire of the Senator,
whether he would not be as well satisfied to have
it printed without reading ?
Mr. DIXON. It is very brief; and I think it
would be as well as to have it read.
Mr. STUART. It will take time to read it.
The substitute was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the Senate to indulge me
in reading it.
Mr. STUART. Very well; if the Senator de-
sires it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
! will read the amendment.
