I©1§
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
ence through the press in almost every congres-
sional district in the country; that under his in-
fluence, too, to some extent, we ought to place
the contractors and their%rmy of employes, ivho
are also deoendent upon him for the exercise of
a large discretionary power over them. Ro,w,
sir, I say that there are strong moral and politi-
cal reasons which should induce us to curtail this;
and I know 110 better limit than to say he shall
expend no more than he receives; and for that I
am -willing to agree to any modification of the
rates of postage which will effect that enfl. If
this is not the best, give us something that is bet-
ter. I agree with the Senator from Rhode Island
that heretofore,the printed matter has not borne
its fair proportion of the expenditure. I am will-
ing to increase that proportion; to equalize the
burden between them; but in the name of Heaven,
let lis put some practical limit on the discretion
of the Post Office Department, and say that it
shall not exceed its revenue.
If, Mr. President, we should reduce the ex-
penditures to $65,000,000, which would allow the
Post Office Department to expend between nine
and ten millicyi dollars out of the Treasury,"-we
should have, according to the estimate of means
of the Secretary of the Treasury, a surplus of
§4,000,000 next year. If we should reduce them
to $61,000,000, We should have a surplus amount-
ing to $8,000,000. If we should reduce them to
$5(5,000,000, we should have a surplus amount-
ing to $13,000,000; and we should thus have the
means, and ample means, to meet the proper,
ordinary expenditures of the Government, and
to begin to pay off the public debt. Is there any
fear that he will not receive the amount of his es-
timate—169,000,000? He estimates the receipts
from' public lands, for this fiscal year and the
next, at $6,044,000. >'-Do. we not know that, if
the Department had pttt the lands in the market;
we should have received that, and probably more
than that, in one year? I know and I appreciate
the excuse. I know that, in the hard times which
we have passed over, the preempuoners prob-
ably did desire further credit, that they might be
able to pay for their lands when the times were
easier; but trade and commerce are now reviving;
and not only that, but the Secretary of-the Inte-
rior might discriminate, and put them in by de-
grees. There are fifty-nine million acres of public
lands which have never been brought into market
for sale. Of these, about five million acres have
been surveyed and unoffered for five years and
more. We might begin with them; put thesefive
millions into the market; then put in those which
have been surveyed three years and more, and so
on; and thus, by degrees, collect the money which
is due. Besides, I believe—I speak from memory
—the preemptioner can pay with land warrants,
which are selling far below $1 25 an acre; and thus,
if the Treasury did not get immediate benefit, we
shouldabsorb the land warrants which have taken
so much from our Treasury. We sold eleven mil-
lion acres last year; but the land warrants absorbed
so much of it, that but little came into the Treas-
ury. Take these out of the market, and allow us
to draw all the revenues that may be had from
the public lands, and I do not believe that Mr.
Guthrie's estimate, which was some §8,000,000
from the lands, would be found extravagant.
But I must here ask you to note, sir, thatl am
not demanding a larger estimate than the Secre-
tary himself has given of the receipts from public
lands; but I am merely presenting these facts in
order to show that they maybe larger. Besides,
some revenue Way probably be derived from the
mineral lands. 'Some system might be devised
by the Committee on Public Lands for the sale of
mineral lands, so as to raise us some money with-
out inconveniencing or injuring the inhabitants of
the Territories or States in which they may be.
And how is it as to the Secretary's estimate in
regard to the customs? He estimates §56,000,000
for the next fiscal year. I find that, according to
previous experience, this is no extravagant esti-
mate. Under the tariff of 1846 the imports in-
creased at the rfye of ten per cent, annually. Go
ing back, I find that, in the year 1856, there were
000,000 of imported goods entered for con-
M'.mption. If wo were to allow an increase of ten
per cent, annually on $295,000,000from that time,
it would amount to some $400,000,000 for next
year; but put it at half—at five percent.; and by
the end-of 1860, the increase from 1856 ought
to be twenty per cent.; and that, added to the
$295,000,000, would give us something like the
sum of $350,000,000 of imports entered for con-
sumption. , Why should they not increase at this
rate? Why should they not increase as fast as
they did under the tariff of 1846? . The price of
cotton is higher than it was then, and more peo-
ple and more land are employed in its production.
The product of gold must be greater; for we not
only have California, but we have new discov-
eries which are probably very rich, and more peo-
ple are employed in its production. Tobacco
never bore better prices; there never was a larger
number of hands engaged in the production of that
staple. It is true that the prices of the cereals,
of wheat and of corn, have not been equal of late
to what they were some two years ago; but that
depression is manifestly temporary, or, if it be not
temporary, it will be more than made up by the
increased product. But, to be safe, I will suppose
the imports to increase not as fast, but half as fast
as the increase under the tariff of 1846. I will take
the increase at five per cent.; and that will give us,
for the coming year, $350,000,000 of imports en-
tered for consumption.
I find, by referring to the Secretary's tables
that $243,000,000 of goods were entered for con-
sumption last yfear, on which $40,000,000 of rev-
enue were raised, being seventeen and two tenths
per cent, of the entire amount of importations en-
tered for consumption. Take $350,000,000, at
seventeen and two tenths per cent., and the reven-
ue from customs will reach very near $60,000,000;
and I understand that some of the best informed
persons and most experienced merchants in New
York actually es timate th e p robable rece i pts of the
next fiscal year at from $60,000,000 to $63,000,000.
I learn that from one of the members of the House
of Representatives from the city of NewYork. But
it is not necessary to commit ourselves to any
such estimate; nor do I. It is enough for me to
say, that so well do I- feel assured that the Sec-
retary's estimate of $56,000,000'will turn out to
be under, rather than over, the mark, that I am,
.willing to take the responsibility of legislating on
that estimate. If we do, there is no reason to j
doubt but that the means for the next fiscal year
will be fully $69,000,000. I think the chances are
that they will be more; because I think, if the
public lands are putm the market, they will yield
more than the Secretary has estimated. If this
be so, it is foi*Congress to say whether they will
put it beyond the reach of doubt that the revenues
from the tariff of 1857, together with those aris-
ing from the public lands, shall be sufficient n6t
only to meet the ordinary and necessary expend-
itures, but to commence the payment of a portifln
of the public debt. Could we achieve anything
that would gratify the people more than to make
so appropriate and so just a retrenchment?
It is to be remembered in regard to the tariff of
1857, that most of the products are brought in
under the schedules which pay thirty, twenty-
four, nineteen, and some little under the fifteen
percent, schedule. More than two thirds of the
imports entered for consumption come in under
these schedules; and if the time is not new, the
time soon.will be, when these articles will yield
more revenue under the lower schedules than they
would under the schedules of twenty, twenty-five,
thirty, forty, and one hundred per cent.,accord-
ing to the tariff of 1846. It is true, that will not
be the first effect; for if it would be there would
have been no usean lowering the duties; but that
that is to be the ultimate effect who can doubt?
We ail know that so rapid is the advance of man-
ufacturing skill in this country, that thirty per
cent duty ten years hence would prohibit a great
deal of importation more than it would now, and
'that thirty per cent, duty on importations now
would prohibits great deal more than it would
have done m 1846.
lsay, therefore, that, looking at the subject in
every point of view, it seems to me that it would
be unwise and inexpedient to touch, for the pres-
ent, tlie tariff of 1857, especially when you re-
member that the Secretary himself does not esti-
mate a deficiency until the end of the next fiscal
year. When we come back at the next session
of Congress, if we should find that the revenues
were not likely to be sufficient, then everybody
would agree that it was necessary to raise the
tariff, and we might come to some general under-
standing on the subject.
But, sir,I come now to the tariffof 1857, which,
as I said before, has been the subject of so much
comment, both here and elsewhere. Again, I beg
to recall to the attention of those Senators who
were here' present when it passed, the circum-
stances under which it did pass. It was krfown
to all of them that a reduction of one fifth or one
sixth on the high schedules was all that could be
obtained. It was known further, that any at-
tempt at a greater reduction would render it im-
possible to ptiss the tariff at all. That became a
fixed point. Taking that as a fixed point, how
were the revenues to be reduced to $50,000,000.'
One thing that was done, and one which was
necessary in order to get it passed—and a very
proper thing, as I think I shall be able to show—
was to make free a great deal of raw material, for
the sole demand was created by the manufactur-
ers, and this was added to the old'free list. An-
other was by reducing articles from higher sched-
ules, in which they might have remained if it had
not been for the necessity of reducing the revenue,
and transferring them lower, as in the case of
spices. Suffice it to say, that a general arrange-
ment was made to produce the sum which is to be
produced this very fiscal year, and it was made
and passed by a larger vote than was ever given to
any other tariff since the dispute first commenced
in regard to this mode of taxation. So far as those
who desired protection were concerned,(and every-
body here felt that interests which had been called
into being under heavy protection ought not to be
suddenly prostrated,) I believe all interests were
satisfied except, perhaps, it was the iron interest;
but no one believed or felt that it was exactly the
tariff he would have passed if he had the making
of it, or that it came within b.owshot of*what he
would have done if he had unlimited discretion in
regard to the matter. The tariff of 1846 was not
framed upon revenue principles, but I voted for
it because, according to my view, it was so much
better than that of 1842. I admit that the tariff
of 1857, is not strictly upon revenue principle*,
but it approached them much nearer than the
tariff of 1846,-and I voted for it because it did
come nearer to my views than the tariff of 1846.
Now I come to the specific objection which is
made against it by those with whom I act, and
with whom I generally agree in opinion.
It is said that the free list is too large. So far
as those articles on the free list are concerned,
which enter into general consumption, like tea
and coffee, which are mfctde free in order to create
a necessity for laying higher duties on articles
sought to be protected, I think the objection is
just and legitimate. But when you come to the
other objectiori, that it is improper to include any-
thing on the free list, I must dissent. I-belie^g
that where there is an article for which the sole
demand is made by the manufacturers, and which
would not be imported but for their demand, it is
strictly according to revenue principles to bring
that article in free of duty. Take the case: unless
the manufacturer would use it, if'you laid a duty
on it you would get nothing; but if by making it
free he uses it, you are just where you were; you
get nothing in either case, except that by making
it free you bring into existence a great productive
interest; you diminish the price of production, and
diminish the price to the consumer; and you di-
minish the price to the consumer, not only by
what the Ameriqpn manfactur'ej; reduces the price
of his article, but you bring down the foreign
article with which he comes in competition in the
like proportion. But that is not the only view of
the case. Take the case of England, who admits
raw cotton free. She manufactures it and exports
it in the manufactured state, and her exports not
only sell for enough to pay, for the raw material,
but they bring in, as a surplus, a return cargo of
dutiable goods that pay her more revenue than
she would have received if she had laid the duty
on the cotton itself. As a revenue measure, Eng-
land does w isely in making raw cotton free. There
is yet another view of it. To lay the duty on the
raw material is to do that which is considered a
barbarism in finance by all political economists;
it is to lay a tax on production. Permit me here
for a moment to illustrate from the experience of
a sister nation. It was proposed during the ad-
ministration of the younger Pitt, when England
was hard run, to lay a duty on pig iron; but the
argument was presented—an argument to which
he had to yield, for the vote was So close that if
