1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
the ministry had pressed it they would have had
to go out of office—that
" It was a received principle of taxation that no duty
should press upon any article in its rude and early state,
since it caused a uniform rise of prices in every article into
which it was afterwards wrought up. In this instance,
though the sum that would enter the Treasury would not
be more than £000,000, yet a tax of nearly £ 1,000,000 would
be raised from the community at large."
I had occasion myself before, on this subject,
to illustrate by this very matter of raw cotton.
Suppose England lays a duty on raw cotton. That
duty enters as an element of price, and the inter-
est and profit on that duty in the sale of twist
when the man that twists it comes -to sell to the
weaver. The weaver again, when he comes to
sell it, finds the increased cost of profit and inter-
est an element in the price of his article, on which
he now lays another profit, and charges more in-
terest. The \^aver now sells his article to the
printer, and he has to go through the same op-
eration. Thus by the time the printed cotton is
sold to the consumer, the consumer perhaps has
to pay three or four times as much as the Gov-
ernment received in the shape of taxation; three
or four times as much as he would have had to
pay if the Government, instead of laying its first
duty on the raw cotton, had waited until it was
finally manufactured into that shape in which it
would be used, and had laid a duty raising the
same amount on the printed cotton. It is obvious,
therefore, that taking this question in every point
of view, there is nothing lost to the revenue, and
much gained to the consumer, by giving the man-
ufacturer, free of duty, that raw material which
•would not be imported but for the demand which
he makes for it.
I say, then, that so far as that is concerned, in
my opinion, it is no objection to the tariff of 1857;
and as to the addition which it made to the free
list, although it seems formidable in its items, yet
in point of value, it is very little. A table in the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury shows that
if we had received the duties of 1846, on what
was made free by the act of 1857, in the importa-
tions of 1858, the entire loss would only have
been about §1,800,000. The greater proportion
and the valuable portion of the free list consists
of tea and coffee, and articles of that sort, which
are as legitimatesubjects of taxation asany others.
I come no^ to the third objection which is
made to this tariff—an objection made by the Pres-
ident of the United States himself, and made by
the Senator from Rhode Island—and that is that
it imposes ad valorem instead of specific duties.
They say that, financially, the specific would be
right, because when the prices are high, and the
manufacturers do not so much want protection,
the specific duty bears most lightly; and when
prices are low, and the manufacturer does want
it, the specific duty raises more money for the
Government. Besides, they say, the specific duty
system is one which is least liable to fraud. I
differ from both positions. Let ue see how it
works.
When there is an expansion in the credit system
and goods come in freely, that is the time, if it
ever should be, when the revenue system should
operate as a check, in order to prevent overimpor-
tations. Then the ad valorem system would oper-
ate more heavily as a check than the specific duty
system. When, on the contrary, times are hard
and few imports are coming in, then is the time
your revenue system should operate most lightly,
to encourage importation; but that is the time
when the specific duty system operates mostheav-
ily. In other words, as a system of taxation—
and, in my judgment, that is the only way we
ought to look at it—the specific system makes
the consumer pay the least tax when he is most
able to pay it, and the most tax when the times
are hard and he is least able to pay it. The ad
valorem system, on the contrary, makes him pay
the same at all times; but, as compared with the
specific system, makes bun pay more when he is
most able, and least when times are hard and he
is least able; and the result of that would be that
when times were hard, as they were in the recent
pressure, it would be far better to use the credit
of the Government; and then when times are easy
and the money can be paid readily, to take the
surplus and redeem your stock. I know it is
said there is a waste in premium; but what does
that loss on the premium compare with the gen-
eral equilibrium of the system? I say that loss
need not exist if you adjust your system of finance
carefully; because if when you originally propose
your loans-you sendthem-out with such interest
as will just bring par, there will not be such a
variation when you come to redeem them out of
the surplus; and it is easy so to adjust your sys-
tem of credit as to pay your loans annually, bien-
nially, quadrennially, or just as you choose.
But, sir, there is anotherpoint of view in which,
financially, the ad valorem is much preferable to
the specific system. It is more stable. Takeyour
specific duty; you intending to lay it at the rate
of twenty percent. Your manufactures improve,
and the cost of production diminishes. Then, as
the cost and price go down, your tax rises, and it
actually becomes higher, when you want it less,
than it was in the original instance. Take the ad
valorem system, and it is proportional; it is the
same, whether the prices are high or low. It is
like paying in kind. If it is twenty per cent., it
is like throwing one bar, out of every five, into
the Treasury, and, whether it be high or low, you
throw the same one bar. On the contrary, under
the specific system, you pay the same duty when
the cost of production is decreased, making a much
higher tax than you do when the cost is high.
But this is not all; it operates as a fraud, and in-
evitably as a fraud on the consumer. By a spe-
cific duty, you lay the same tax on thecheap that
you do on the dear fabric; and you make the poor
man, who consumes at low prices, pay higher tax
than the rich man, who consumes at highpriccs.
There is yet-another objection to it. It is a fraud
on the taxpayer; because, when specific duties
are laid for the purpose of protection , they are laid
to conceal the amount of tax which is paid. Take
the ad valorem system, and any man can see what
he is paying; he can turn to your statute-book
and know whether he is paying one half, or one
third, or one fourth, or one fifth._
I say, therefore, that, in a financial point of view,
the ad valorem is by far the best; but how is it in
regard to the prevention of fraud' Under'the ad.
valorem system, your appraiser has to decide upon
questions of quantity and price. Under the spe-
cific system, he has to decide on questions of
quantity and quality. Which is more difficult to
ascertain—the quality of goods, or the foreign
price ? In regard to the foreign price, we have
the prices current from abroad, and we have the
consular certificates. Every skillful appraiser in
New York knows the prices abroad, and if be
makes an error it is most probably q wilful error.
If you will appoint skillful and honest and faith-
ful men, and not act upon the rotation system in
regard to them, you will have as faithful apprais-
ers, as faithful valuations, under the ad valorem
system as you can have under any other system.
In truth, they are more apt to be over the mark'
than under it; because the laws, as they now
stand, afford a premium to overvaluation. If,
when you bring goods into market at New York,
they arc undervalued more than ten per cent,
they are declared to be forfeited; and, in order
to prevent frauds on "the part of custom-house
officers, a man is allowed to raise his invoice ten
per cent.; and if, after having raised it ten per
cent., it is still under the value given by the ap-
praisers, it is forfeited, and the custom-house of-
ficers get the benefit; and I am told their salaries
are going to be large under the seizures that are
constantly multiplying, so that tlieie is every in-
ducement to them to overvalue instead of under-
value; and, as some proof that what is thus true
in theory is-also true in practice, allow me to re-
fer the Senate to some tables which 1 have had
prepared on the subject.
I have caused statistics to be prepared of the
imports from France and England, as shown by
our tables, for the years 1853, 1854, 1855, and
1857. Eighteen hundred and fifty-six is omitted,
because we have no statistics for that year. I
have also caused a table to be prepaied of the
statements at the Frencji and English..custom-
houses, taken from the report of the Board of
Trade of the one, and the Tableau Geneial of the
other, and I have compared the two estimates;
that is to say, I have compared the estimate of the
foreign value, as made by their own returns, and
I have compared the estimate of the foreign value
as made by ourapptaisers,and it is remarkable to
see how near they coincide. I have taken England
and France together, because it was impossible
to ascertain exactly what either sent to us singly *
so much of th& commerce of France coming
through England. I.find that, according to the
French and English estimates, they sent to this
country in those four years, $662,689,443 worth
of goods. I have the commerce for the same cal-
endaryears, made outin the Register'a office, and
I find we have received, according to our state-
ment, from those two countries in those years,
$678,633,800, being a difference of not quite three
per cent. In point of fact, that difference is not
as large as it ought to be, because it will be re-
membered that the values of whatarrive here are
to be diminished by damaged appraisement, are
to be dimimshed by what is lost at sea, are to be
diminished by the fact that, at the French custom-
houses, every cask is estimated its being full,
whilst here they pay only for the quantity it con-
tains. I present the tables'. The statement from
the Register's office is:
Statement exhibiting the value of imports from Great Brit-
ain<wid JFrance for the years 1853, 1854, 1855, and 1857:
Year ending Great Britain, JFrance. Total.
Dec. 31, 1853.. ..$149,151,759 $38,151,569 $187,303,328
1854..,. 135,275,549 35,000,411 170,275,960
1855.... ' 103.629,411 37,598*461 1*1,22?.512
  —   49,359|Wl  '~-
1857.,.. 130,467,739
179,820,940
Total $518,524,458 $160,109,342 $678,633,800
F. BIGGER, Register.
Treasury Department,
Register's Office, February 11, 1859.
The imports as made out in the Commerce and
Navigation Reports, from the statements of the
English and French custom-houses, are:
Years. Greet Bt itain. France. Total'.
185 3 $130,265,340 $33,455,942 $163,721,282
185 4  146,438,537 35,781,393 182,219,930
185 5  106,543,180 31.609,131 138.152,311
1857  130,803,093 47,792,827 178,595,920
Total $514,050,150 $148,639,293 ©662,689,443
A still more remarkable confirmation of the fact
is found, when we descend to some particular
articles, but I have not been able to get that in
calendar years. If there were any articles upon
which there would likely be frauds, it would be
silk, cotton, and woolen goods. Our estimates
showfor 1857, $78,238,892 of these goods, import-
ed from Great Britain and France; the French and
English custom-house returns show $80,799,106,
being about the same difference of between two
and three per cent. It is true the comparison in
this last estimate is between the calendar year of
Great Britain and France, and the fiscal year of
the "Uni'ted States, but the other comparison is for
four years between the calendar years of each.
I say then, that both fact and theory go to prove
that we are not more subject to frauds under the
ad valorem system than we should be under the
other. So much, then, Mr. President, /or the
tariff of 1857. _ *
But the State of Pennsylvania, the old Keystone
State, complains that that tariff does notyicld her
enough protection. Iron has twenty-four per
cent, m the way of duly; it has at least six per
cent, in the costs and charges of bringing it over;
it has, as it goes into the interior, in its favor,
the expense of transportation, from two to two
and a half or three cents per ton per mile, until
you get within a'very short distance of where the
domestic manufacture has a monopoly; yet that
is not protection enough! Why, Mr. President,,
I do not believe that protection helps even those
interests which it seeks to do; but, on the con-
trary, the system of protection has only the effect
of diminishing the general level of profits of all
employments. It is so upon theory. The iron
interests ask protection. Why? Because, if left to
the natural laws of trade, they cannot work to as
much profit as the labor engaged in commerce, in
navigation, or in agriculture. Well, the Govern-
ment favors it, and puts up the price, and makes
laborers engaged in other occupations pay more
for what they get, and in proportion as theyjiay*
more you diminish their general level of profit;
and if their general level of profit goes down, if
the manufacturer attains higher profits by this
protection, other laborers and capitalists go into
that employment and bring him down to the gen-
eral level of profit. Tins is proved not merely
by theory, but by experience. There is no period
in our history when the iron manufacture in-
creased so rapidly as it did under the taiiff of
1846. The same thing was proved in English
