THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
the bill, so as to make it optional with the Post-
master General to put service on roads hereafter
to be established.
■ Mr. ENGLISH. I understand that my col-
league has entered a motion to strike out the sec-
ond section of the bill. The question is therefore
fairly before the House,and the House may strike
out the section if such be its pleasure. I care
nothing about it.
" The question being on seconding the previous
question, .
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers we're ordered; and Messrs^ CitAie, of
Missouri, and Kelsey, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 79",.noes 44.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The various amendments establishing post
routes were agreed to.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
hear that bill read. I do not know what is in it.
I would ask the chairman of the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads if it establishes
any route to the Pacific Ocean ?
Mr. ENGLISH. There is'nothing in the bill
establishing service on any post route; but there,
is a provision in the bill establishing a post route
from St. Paul to Seattle, on the Pacific.
Mr.'JONES, of Tennesse^. Exactly; and we
have got one now that will prove a curse to the
country, costing it $600,000 a year for six years—
§3,600,000.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. 4 move to lay the
bill upon the table; and on that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ENGLISH. If the impression prevails
that there is any thing'in this bill requiring ser-
vice to be put upon any ro«te, it is a mistake.
There is nothing of the sort in the hill.
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Jones, of Tennessee; and it was decided m the
negative—yeas 80, nays 98; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Abbott, Andrews, Bonham, Branch,
Brayton, Bufiintoti. Burnett, Uas-kie, Chapman, Clawson,
Cum,, Clark B. Cochrane, John Cochrane, Oomins, Burton
Craige, Crawfoid, Curry, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dean, Devvart, * Dowdeil, Farnsvvorth,
Faulkner, Fenton, Garnett, Gartrell, Gooch, Goode, Grow,
Harlan, Haslun, Hopkins, Houston, Jackson, George W.
Jones, Keilogg, Kiiirore. 'i.eiter, Letcher. Lovejoy, Mc-
Queen, Mattesou, Maynard, Moore, Morgan, Edward Joy
Morris, Mott, Murray, piin, Palmer, Pettit, VVjlham W.
Phelps, Pike. Potter, Iteillv, liobbms, Royce, Scales, Henry
M. Shaw, Samuel A. Smith. William Smith,Stanton, Ste-
venson, Talbot, Tappan. Thompson, Tompkins, Under-
wood, VallandJghain, Wade. Walton, Cadwalader C.
Washburn. ICHihu B. Washbmne, White, Wbitelev, Wil-
son, Winslow, John V. and Zolhcotfer—80.
NAifS—Messrs. Adrain, Ahl, Andei^on. Alkms, Avery,
Barksdale, Bennett. Billinghurst, Bingham, Blair, Bliss,
Bowie, Boyce, Btirhngame, Barns. Oaruthers, Case. Cav-
anaugh, Chaffee, John B. Clark, Clay, Coekerill, Colfax,
Corning, Co.*, Cragin, James Craig, Curtis, Davis of Mary-
land, Davis of Indiana, Edie, EumuiuKon, Eneli^h, Flor-
ence, Foley, Gilman, Giiiner, Goodwin, Grander. Green-
Wood, Greeg, Lawrence W. Hall, Kobert B. IlalK Hairis,
Hatch, Hoard, Hodges. Iloiton, Howard, Hu\lcr, Jenkins,
Jewett, Owen Jones, Keim, Knapp, John C. Kilnkel,
Landy. Leach, Leidv, Maci.iv, McRae, Samuel S. Mar-
shall, Mason,-Montgomery, Motrin, Isaac N. Morris, Fiee-
nian H. Morse, Oliver A. Morse, Nichols, Parker, Pen-
dleton, Peytoa, Pottle, Powell, Reagan* Ricaud, Roberts,
Ruffin, Sandidge, Scott, Searing, Seward, Aaioil Shaw,
Shorter, Singleton, Robert Smith, Spinner, James A. Stew-
art, William Stewart, Miles Taylor, Thayer, Trippe, Vance,
Waldron, Israel Washburn, Watkuis, Wood, ami Augustus
B. Wright—98.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. FOLEY stated that Mr. Davidson was
absent from the House on very important busi-
ness, having gone to the President with the Ore-
gon bill.
The result having been announced as above,
Mr. KELLOGG asked unanimous consent to
offer the following amendment:
From Viola, in Mercer county, Illinois, to Rock Island,
in Kock Island county, Illinois.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. The previous
question is operating, and I object to the amend-
ment.
Mr. LEACH. I desire to have a clerical error
in the bill corrected.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I object.
Mr. Kilgore's motion to strike out the second
section of the bill was agreed to.
Mr. GARNETT. Is it now in order to move
to strike out the clause which establishes a mail
route from St. Paul, Minnesota; to Puget Sound ?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order, as the pre-
vious question is operating.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Then I call for
the reading of the bill.
Mr. TRIPPE. Would it not be in order to
move to reconsider the vote by which the mam
question was ordered ?
The SPEAKER. It is not, as the order has
been partially executed by voting upon the
amendments.
• Mr. CURRY. I. desire to inquire whether,
when the bill has been read, it will not then be in
order to move to reconsider that vote, so as to take
the bill from under the operation of the previous
question and allow amendments ?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume that the House
will consent to let us have a vote on the proposi-
tion striking out that overland route. Just let the
majority control. Let us have avote on the motion
to strike out.
Mr. WALBRIDGE. I object.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I wish to submit
a question to the Chair. When this bill is ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, will it not
then be in order to move a reconsideration ? If
that motion to reconsider be agreed to, will not
the bill then be relieved from the previous ques-
tion, and open to amendment?
Mr. ENGLISH. What is the question before
the House?
Mr. SPEAKER. Shall -the bill be engrossed
and read a third time ?
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I ask that the bill
be read.
Mr. ENGLISH. I hope the bill will be read
for the pacification of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I will vote for no
bill here that is neither read nor printed; that I
have not read nor anybody else.
Mr. ENGLISH. I never knew a post route
bill to be printed.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. Will it be in order to move
to postpone the reading of this bill until to-night,
at seven o'clock?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. BRANCH. Is it in order to move to sus-
pend the rules for that purpose ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. The House is act-
ing under the previous question.
The Clerk finished the reading of the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and read
a third time.
Mr. ENGLISH. I call for the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time, in order that we
may strike out thatpartof the bill which proposes
to establish a mail route from St. Paul, in Minne-
sota, to Puget Sound.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I want to
have that part of the bill read. I want the House
to understand upon what they are voting.
Mr. B1LL1NGHURST. I demand the yeas
and nays on the motion of the gentleman from
Ten nessee
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They have a
route South, and we ought to have a route North.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I did not vote for
that route: and will now vote to abolish it.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. Before the ques-
tion is taken, I wish to move an amendment to the
amendment, requiring the Postmaster General to
put service upon the route.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. You cannot amend
the motion to strike out.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I wish to move
a substitute.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. If the motion
fails, you can then move to insert, if the previous
I question is not operating. You cannot move this
! amendment.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. Before the ques-
tion is taken on the motion to strike out, we can
perfect the bill. The gentleman may know the
parliamentary law, but I think that is the com-
mon-sense construction of the rule. Before the
Chair makes its decision, I would refer to a sim-
ilar provision to that of mine, which was intro-
duced even into an appropriation bill by Colonel
Benton, granting preemption rights to mail con-
tractors; and to an identical one passed -at the
preceding Congress.
Mr. WASHBURNE, ofJIlinois. Let the words
proposed to be stricken out first be read.
The Clerk read the words of the bill, as fol-
lows:
" From St. Paul to Seattle, on Puget Sound, in the Ter-
ritory of Washington."
Mr. Phelps's amendment is in these words:
And it further enacted, That the Postmaster General
be authorized and directed to contract for the conveyance
of the letter mail from St. Paul, in the State of Minnesota,
and Superior, in the State bt Missouri, via Fort Abercroin-
bie, Fort Benton, and Fort Union, to Seattle, in the Terri-
tory of Washington, with a branch to Portland, in the Ter-
ritory of Oregon, for a term of six years, at a rate of com-
pensation per mile not to exceed the amount per mile for
similar grade of service now paid on the overland mail route
from Memphis and St. Louis to San Francisco, in the State
of California ; said service to be performed weekly or senn-
weekly, at the-option of the Postmaster General.
And be it further enacted, That the contract for such ser-
vice shall be advertised, in the same manner as now pro-
vided by law, and shall require the service to be performed
with coaches or spring wagons, or in such other manner as
the Postmaster General may deem best and suitable, for the
conveyance of passengers, as well as the safety and secu-
rity ot the mail.
And be it further enacted, That the contractor shall have
the right of preemption to three hundred and twenty acres
of any land not then disposed of or reserved, at each post
necessary ftu a .station, not to be nearer than ten mites to
each other, and provided that no mineral lands shall be
thus preempted.
And be it further enacted, That the said service shall be
performed within twenty-five day  for each trip; and that
befoie entering into such contract, the Postmaster General
shall be satisfied of the ability and disposition of the parties,
bona fide, ai*d in good faith, to perform said contract, and
shall requir'e good and sufficient secuiity for the perform-
ance of the same; the service to commence within twelve
months after the signing of the contract.
Mr. LETCHERg I rise to a question of order.
That amendment not only proposes to contract
for carrying the mails, but also proposes to do-
nate public lands to the mail contractors. It strikes
me that that is not in order to a bill to establish
post routes.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. I will state for
the information of the gentleman from Virginia,
and of the House, that this amendment is m the
precise language, or nearly so, of an amendment
adopted to an appropriation bill, by whjch tho
overland mail from Memphis and St. Louis to
California is now carried.
Mr. LETCHER. That amendment may have
been put in by the Senate.
Mr. PHELPS, of Minnesota. The provision
to which the gentleman objects, only gives a pre-
emptive right to the mail contractors. It does not
donate the land as the gentleman supposes. The
contractors are compelled, as other persons, to
pay for the land, at the minimum Government
price of $1 25 an acre.
The SPEAKER. The Chair recollects very
well the case to which thegentleman from Minne-
sota refers. The present occupant of the chair
was then the occupant of the chair in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
When the amendment was proposed by the then
gentleman from Missouri, (Mr. Benton,) the
present occupant of the chair ruled the amend-
ment out of order. An appeal was taken from
the decision of the Chair, and the decision of the
Chair was overruled. If this were an original
proposition, the Chair would certainly rule out the
latter part of the amendment. Following the pre-
cedent, the Chair rules the amendment to be in
order.
Mr. JONES, ofTennessee. I understand the
Chair to make this decision, because the overland
route, now in operation, was decided in order.
The SPEAKER. On an appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. My recollection
is, that the amendment authorizing the overland
mail route, was put on in the Senate to a general
appropriation bill, and not to the post route bill.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. The instance to
which the Chair refers was an amendment pro-
posed by my then colleague from St. Louis, giving
each contractor for carrying the mails in the Ter-
ritories a preemption right. The gentleman now
Speaker of the House was then in the chair, and
ruled the amendment out of order. The overland
mail route was an amendment made by the Sen-
