1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14.
if he intends to report a bill for the alteration of
the taiuflt ?
Mr. JCEITT. I object to any debate,
Mr. ADRA1N. I vote "no."
Mr. CHAFFEE (when his name was called)
said: I have paired off upon this question with
Mr. Stephens, of Georgia. If he were in his
place, he would vote "ay," and'I should vote
"no." • ~
HOUR OP MEETING EVENING SESSIONS.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,•
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, asked the unani-
mous consent of the House to submit the follow-
ing order:
Ordered, That the hour of daily meeting of the House
shall be ten o'clock, a. m., on and after Thursday next, and
that the resolution providing for night sessions shall be con-
tinued in force for one week.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, moved a suspen-
sion of the rules to enable him to submit the order.
The House was divided; &nd there were—ayes
86, noes 75.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri, demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and days were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. Is it the intention
to continue these night sessions for debate alone,
or are they to be for business as well ?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. They are pro-
posed to be continued for speeches alone.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I am opposed to
all this sort of thing.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is the question di-
visible ?
• The SPEAKER. Not now, but it will be when
the rules are suspended for the introduction of
the proposition.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 109, nays 83; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ahl, Anderson. Andrews, Atkins, Avery,
Barksdale, Barr, Bingham, Bliss,'Bonham, Bowie, Boyce,
Branch, Biayton, Bryan, Buffinton, Burnett, Burns, Bur-
roughs, Case, Cavanaugh, Chaffee, Ezra (-lark, John B.
Clark, Cihwson, Cobb, John Cochrane? Cockenll, Colfax,
Comms, Corning, Cox, Cragin, James Craig. Curtis, Davis
of Indiana, Davis of Iowa, Dewart, Dowdeil, Durfee, Ed-
mundson, Farnsworth, Faulkner, Foster, Gartrell, Gilmer,
Greenwood, Gregg, Lawrence W. Hall, Harris, Hatch, Hill,
Hodges, Hopkins,Howard, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jew-
ett, George W. Jones, Lamar, Laftdy, Leidy, Humphrey
Marshall, Mason, Maynard. Miles, Millson, Montgomery,
Isaac N. Moms,Nichols, Olin, Palmer, Parker, Pendleton,
Fettit. John S. Phelps, William W. Phelps, Phillips, Pottle,
Reagan, Riley, Ricaud,Royce, Seward, Aaron Shaw, Jud-
son W. Sherman, Sickles, Robert Smith, Samuel A. Smith,
Spinner, Stallworth, Stanton,*Swvenson, James A. Stew-
art, William Stewart, Talbot, Miles Taylor, Trippe, Under-
wood, Vallandigham, Vance, Wade, Walbndgc, Walton,
Ward, Watkms, Augustus R. Wngh't. and John V. Wright
—109.
NAY'S—Messrs. Abbott, Adrain, Arnold, Bennett, Bil-
linghurst, Blair, Btirlingame, Ca^kie, Chapman, Hoiace F.
Clark, Ciay,Claik B. Cochrane,Cuvode, Crawford, David-
son, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Mississippi, Davis of
Massachusetts, Dawes. Dean, Dick, Dodd, Edie, Fenton,
Florence, Foley, Gilnian, Gooch, Goode, Granger, Grow,
Robert B. Hall, Harlan, Haskm, IJorton, Houston, Huyier,
Keitt, Kellogg, Knapp, John C. Kunkel, Leach, Leiter.
Letchei, Lovejoy, Maclay, McQueen, Matte^on, Millerj
Moore, Morgan, Edward Joy Morris, Freeman H. Mor>e,
Oliver A. Morse. Mott, Muiraf^Peyton, Pike, Potter, Pow-
ell, Purviance, Robbing ttoheits, Ruffitj, Russell, Sandidge,
Seales, Heniy M. Shaw, Singleton, William Smith, Tap-
pan, George Taylor, Thayer, Thompson, Tompkins. Wal-
dron, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Wa^hburne,
Israel Washburn, Winslow, Wood, Woodson, and Wor-
tendyke—83.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HILL stated that he thought nine o'clock
a better hour for the House, which has so much
business to attend to; but as he could not get nine,
he would vote for ten o'clock.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the
rules be suspended, and that the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. When we get into committee, I
will move to proceed to the consideration of the
amendments of the Senate to the Indian appropri-
ation bill. Before we go into committee, I move
the usual resolution, that debate be closed in one
hour after the consideration of those amendments
shall be commenced.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That cannot
be dope, for the reason that the amendments have
not yet been considered in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I presume that
no objection will be made to my proposition when
gentlemen understand it. One- hour is enough for
the general debate on the Senate amendments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oT Illinois.* We do not
know what these amendments are.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. They have been
reported a long time, and I think that o.ne hour is
ample for general debate. I appeal, to the gentle-
man to withdraw his objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri.£ Then let the
question be taken on my motion to go into com-
mittee.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I grfre notiee that to-morrow
I will move to take from the Speaker's table the
amendments of the Senate to the agricultural col-
lege bill.
WILLIAM CROSSMAN.
On motion o£Mr. CHAFFEE, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Revolutionary Pensions
be discharged from the further consideration of the case of
William Cfossman, heir-at-law of Lydia Crossman, and
that it be referred to the Court of Claims.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask leave to be allowed
to set apart a day for the consideration of the
business of the District of Columbia. We only
ask for one day. a
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I cannot yield.
TARIFF.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. During the last session of Con-
gress, I presented, jand referred to the Comtnittee
of Ways and Means, several petitions in refer-
ence to a revision of the tariff. At that time, and
since, no action has been taken; and I now 
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The motion I have submitted is
not debaiable. The question of the gentleman is
neither a question of privilege, nor a privileged
question.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. The gentleman
will know that better when I have stated it. I pre-
sented petitions at the last session, and they were
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
No action has been taken on them from that day
to this. I have seen the members of that com-
mittee in reference to the matter repeatedly. I
ask, now, to offer a resolution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Stevenson
in the chair.) TJie Chair decides that that is not
a question of privilege.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. WASHBQRNE, of Illinois. Let the reso-
lution be read.
Mr. WRIGHT, of Tennessee. I object to its
reading'.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I object to the
reading of the resolution.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I object to the reception of
the resolution, and to its reading.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I moved to sus-
pend the rules. Pending that motion the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania sends a resolution up to
be read. I object to that reading. The gentle-
man's question is neither a question of privilege
nor a privileged question.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. I move that
the appeal be laid upon the table.
Mr. DEW ART. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will say 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
debate, unless we have it on both sides.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mis-
souri moves that the rules be suspended, and the
House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state Of the Union. Pending that
motion the gentleman from Pennsylvania rises,
and states that he rises to a question of privilege.
The gentleman will state his question of privilege.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, j
I presented petitions from my State,numerously j
signed, asking for a change in the taiiff laws, j
These petitions were referred to the Committee j
of Ways and Means. Thuy are there in that com- |
mittee, and have never been reported back. No 1
action has been taken upon them. I have person-
ally appealed to the members of that committee
to report some measure of relief.
Mr. CRAWFORD. That is not a question of
privilege; and I object to further debate.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. The question
of privilege is before the House.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have a right to object.-
The SPEAKER. What is'the particular prop-
osition before the House?
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I offer a res-
olution instructing the Committee of Ways and
Means, at the earliest possible period, to report
all measures that they have before them bearing
on the tariff.
The SPEAKER directed the resolution to be
read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be,
and they are hereby, instructed to report to the House, at
its next meeting, all propositions now before them looking
to an increase of revenue to a point sufficient to meet the
expenses of Government.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that there
is no question of privilege presented in the reso-
lution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania; and
that, if there was a question of privilege in it, it
could not be presented to the House pending a
motion to suspend the rules. The proposition of
the gentleman from Missouri is to suspend the
very rules tiaat give to any question of privilege
its priority oefore the House. On these two
grounds the Chair rules, first, that this is no quesr
tion of privilege; and, second, that if it was, it
could not be entertained pending a motion to sus-
pend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
Mr. CAVANAUGH. I move to lay the appeal
on the table.
Mr. DEWART. On that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas ami nays were ordered.
Mr. JONES, of Pennsylvania. I withdrawmy
appeal.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to its being with-
drawn. 1 desire to have a vote upon it.
The SPEAKER. . The gentleman has a right
to withdraw his appeal.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Then I will withdraw my
objection.
The question was put on Mr. Phelps's motion;
and it was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of'the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Houston
in the chair.)
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move to pro-
ceed to the consideration of the Senate's amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 664) making appro-
priations foy the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1860.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Some of the
amendments of the Senate will probably give rise
to debate; and I must appeal to the committee that
the debate may be confined to the subject-matter
under consideration. l'ask that they may be
read.
The first four amendments were read as fol-
lows: *
Page 11, after line two hundred and fifty-five, insert as
follows:
Chickasaw Incompetents.—For arrears of interest due Jan-
uary 1, 1S5'J, on five percent, bonds of the State of Indiana,
held in trust fot the C^nekasaw incompetents by the Sec-
retary of the Intenor, $350.
For redemption of the principal sum of said five percent,
stock held in tru^t as aforesaid, §2,000, to be invested by
the Secretary of the Interior in the s-toek of the United
States, in lieu of said five per cent, stocks : Provided, That
the said Indiana five per cent, stocks shall be surrendered
by the Secretary of the Intenor to the Secretary of the
Treasury, who shall be required toconet=pond with the Ex-
ecutive oi Indiana for the purpose of effecting an arrange-
ment relative to the amount due on said stock, and repoit
progress to next Congress.
Page 27, after line six hundred and foity, insert as fol-
lows :
For arrears of interest, due January 1,1859, on five per
cent, bonds erf the State of Indiana, held in tiu t fot the Pot-
tawatomies by the Secretary of the Interior, $10,053 20.
For the redemption of the principal sum of five per cent,
stock, held in trust as aforesaid, §68,000, to be invested by
the Secretary of the Interior in the stock of the United
