THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Fifth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1859.
Netv Series....No. 65.
Stales, in lieu of said five per cent, stock : Provided, That
tlic said Indiana five percent stock shall be suirendered
by the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretaiy of the
Tienssiiry, who shall be required to correspond with the Ex-
ecutive of Indiana for the purpose of effecting an arrantie-
inent lelative to the amount duo on said stock, and report
piogiess- to next Congress: Provided further, That the
btucks with which the Secretary of the Intenor i* now
charged upon the book® of the Tieasury under the head of
" Chippewas, Ottowas, and Pottawatomies, mills and edu-
cation.' be charged to two separate accounts to be opened
under the head-, of - Pottawatomie-?—mills," and " Potta-
watomies—education and the Seeretaiv of the Interior
is hereby authorized, with the consent of the Pottawato-
mies, to tian&fer Hie blocks* charged <xs aforesaid to tlie new
iu-ads of account 111 such propoiiions as he may deem bes,t
foi the intere&t of the Pottawatomies.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. Mr. Chairman,
a number of years ago, $70,000 in money, belong-
ing, in part, to the Chickasaw Indians, and in
part to the Pottawatomies, was invested m Indi-
ana five per cent, stock—$2,000 in behalf of the
Chickasaws and $68,000 in behalf of the Potta-
watomies. The interest on these two investments
was not paid by the State of Indiana; and, if we
desire to deal justly with the Indians, we must
make an appropriation sufficient to meet the in-
terest and pay it to these Indians.
But the amendments of the Senate propose an-
other thing; they propose that we shall place to
the credit of the Indian department a like sum of
money out of the Treasury, in lieu of the bonds
of the State of Indiana. The same provision is
made by the Senate in reference to the Pottawat-
omies. The Committee of Ways and Means rec-
ommend that we shall only appropriate the inter-
est, leaving the stocks as they now stand. A
portion of this interest has already been collected
by withholding, during preceding years, from the
State of Indiana, the three per cent, funds which
became due to that State, by the compact under
which she was admitted into the Union. By
subsequent legislation the Secretary of the Treas-
ury was directed to withhold such five per cent,
dividends as might be due to any State in which
public lands were situated, when those States had
failed to pay the interest on bonds held by the
Government of the United States m trust for In-
dians. The Committee of Ways and Means
recommend a concurrence in the first and third
amendments of the Senate, and a disagreement to
the second and fourth. I have here letters upon
this subjcct; but I believe I have stated the sub-
stance of them.
Mr. REAGAN. At whose instance were these
investments made?
Mr, PHELPS, of Missouri. The treaty re-
quired the fa ltd s to be invested in State stocks,
and they were so invested many years ago by the
officers of the Government. But the State of In-
diana has failed to pay the interest, and it is now
proposed to pay the interest that has already ac-
crued, and that which may accrue during the next
year.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not think it is the duty
of the Government of the United States to assume
the obligations of bankrupt States.
Mr. HUGHES. I will say to the gentleman
that the State of Indiana is not a bankrupt State.
If the gentleman will look into the reason why
the interest has not been paid, he will find that
the term " bankrupt" is misapplied.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I did not expect to say any-
thing to the committee to-day, nor do I intend to
speak to the Indian appropriation bill: but I de-
sire to speak to a matter that, in my opinion, is
very germane to every appropriation bill before
the House—a few words about the finances of the
country. I desire to bring the attention of the
House, when voting away the public money in
appropriations, to the condition of the Treasury
nutuf which that money is to be paid. The amend-
ments to the Indian bill are plain, and speak for
themselves. If i had thought they would en- |
eountei sufficient opposition, and requite expla- j
nation enough to occupy the time allotted for de- j
bate, I would not have claimed the floor at this [
time. i
Mr. CURTIS. I vise to a point of order. I i
should be exceedingly happy to hear the views I
65
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania on financial
questions; but I know from the sentiments ex-
pressed around me, that if one gentleman goes
into a discussion of the tariff, others will do the
same thing. Now, it does not seem to me that
that general subject should be taken upon this
occasion, as it is not germane to the bill before
us, which relates to Indian affairs.
The CHAIRMAN. While the Chair would
concur m the opinion expressed by the gentleman
from Iowa, he understands the rulings to have
j been universally in favor of allowing the discus-
! sion of all subjects in Committee of the Whole
j on the state of the Union. It is true that the mat-
; ter now before the committee is the amendments
j of the Senate to an appropriation bill; but the
| Chair knows no reason why the rule should bp
I difterent in relation to amendments from what it
1 is in relation to bills; and the Chair, therefore,
1 overrules the point of order.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I appeal to my
: colleague on the Committee of Ways and Means',
I as well as to the rest of the committee, to let us,
I by general consent, confine the debate to the sub-
ject-matter of these amendments. When this bill
j is disposed of there will be the Army bill, the
j Navy bill, the Post Office bill, the mail steamer
j bill, and the miscellaneous bill, still to be disposed
of. But this is a large bill, and it will require
some time and much particularity to enroll it.
Mr. STANTON. Will the chai rman of the
Committee of Ways and Means tell us when he
[ proposes that we shall have an opportunity of
j discussing the tariff15
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I propose to-
morrow, if the House will go into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, to call
up the #Army appropriation bill, provided that
these amendments, and the amendments to the
pension bill, which cannot take long, shall be dis-
posed of to-day.
Mr. STANTON. Why not confine the debate
to the Army bill as well as to this ?
Mr PHELPS, of Missouri. I desire that gen-
tlemen shall have an opportunity of discussing
the question of the tariff and of finance.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will yield the floor now
upon one condition only; and that is, that I shall,
by general consent, have the floor when next we
go into the Committeeof the Whole, lonce before
yielded to an appeal made to me by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, and I
have been sorry for it ever since. I have seen
no yielding by those who differ in opinion from
me, and unless it is understood, that, by common
consent, I arh to have the floor when next we go
into the Committee of the Whole, 1 will go on now;
and then if there is any gentleman who wishes to
speak upon these amendments, I would be will-
ing to give him an opportunity of doing so.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missoun. There are gen-
tlemen upon the other side who desire to do so.
i The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
i Pennsylvania yield the floor?
i Mr. PHILLIPS. No, sir, I have not yielded
j the floor; nor do I intend to yield it unless! know
' when I can get it again.
| The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman must either
i yield the floor, or proceed with his remarks.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I have no idea of yielding it.
The CHAIRMAN. Well, the gentleman's
time is running.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say a very few words upon this subject, because
I am speaking unexpectedly; but the matter has
been before me for a long time, and I trust I am
! sufficiently familiar with it to give to the House
! the results of an examination which will show
1 the condition of our Treasury to be lamentable
; indeed. As to whose fault it is, it is not my pui-
pose to inquire. I wiil show to the House that
the deficiency in the Treasury is greater than it
has ever yet been estimated; and 1 challenge any
gentleman upon this floor, the most rigid econo-
mist that can be found, to reduce the deficiency
below that which I shall show will probably ex-
ist.
Mr. Chairman, according to the estimates of
the Secretary of the Tieasury, submitted to us
at the beginning of this session, there is to be
in the Treasury, at the end of the present fiscal
year, somewhere, I think, about $7,000,000. It
 s   ..|7,063,298 2g
From this there is to be deducted
the Post Office deficiency for the
present fiscal year, as stated by
mm  3,838,723 00
Leaving the actual balance in the
Treasury on June 30, 1859 $3,224,570 28
And in that estimate I want the members of
the committee to understand there was no men-
tion by him of the fact that $18,000,000 of Treas-
uty notes would then be fallingdue, making the
actual deficit upwards of $15,000,000. It is well
known that the Treasury needs, to enable it to
make the proper exchanges and transfers with
the various sub-treasuries, fully $5,000,000 as
their balances. There is no, dispute about that.
That is conceded by the Secretary and those who
agree with him. So then, assuming the Secre-
tary's estimate to be correct, there will be a defi-
ciency of moie than $20,000,000 on the 1st day
ofJuly, 1859.
There is a further deficiency contemplated. Its
exact amount I will tell presently, for I am now
speaking; without the books or papers. The Sec-
retary contemplates a further deficiency of some
$4,000,000 at the close of the next fiscal year.
Then, if ali his estimates are realized, there will be
a deficiency of about $25,000,000, which it is the
duty of this Congress to ptovidc for. Gentlemen
will understand that, while we arc providing for
the current fiscal year, yet we must also provide
for the fiscal yearending 1st July, 1860.
I now ask the attention of gentlemen to thecon-
dition of the Treasury, not as it is estimated, but
as it may be well shown to be, and then they will
sea what the deficiency will be. and how much is
to be provided for. The Secretary says that the
amount of deficiency, on the 1st ofJuly, I860,
will be $4,000,000. To that must be added the
whole amount of the Tieasury notes, forthey all
mature before that time, with the interest upon
them, making the deficiency §25,000,000,accord-
ing to his account. I wish he had added the
Treasury notes as a claim upon the Ttcasury;for,
if I recollect rightly, when he asked for authority
to issue them last year, he stated that he only
wanted them for a little time; that he only wanted
the House to grant him authority to issue Treas-
ury notes as an advance upon the'revenue, which,
in his judgment, would be abundant for the ser-
vice. i propose showing upon what his estimates
are based, and then every member of the commit-
tee can judge for himself quite as v/eil as the Sec-
retary.
To keep the deficiency down to the sum esti-
mated by the Secretary, it will require that the
customs this year shall reach $50,444,520 28. Of
this there has been already received $13,444,520,
during the first quarter; and his estimate at the
beginning of the fiscal year was, that the next
thiee quarters would produce $37,000,000. As-
suming the proportion of ftee and dutiable goods
to be the same this year as it was last year—and
I believe the Secretary assumes as much in the
letter he wrote in response to the inqun ies of this
House—to realize the sum of $50,444,520, there
would have to be imported m value, dutiable and
custom-house value, merchandise to the amount
of $343,645,230; and to realize $56,000,000 from
customs n^xt year, there would have to be im-
ported §381,448,150. I exclude coin and bullion,
and only take the goods we have to pay for; and
when it is borne in mind that, in a time of the high-
est piosperity, in the year ending the 1st of July,
lb'57, the year of very great commercial expan-
sion, which do.ubtless contributed to the crisis that
so soon followed it; when it is borne in mind
that the largest amount ever imported was in that
year, and that the value was $348,438,342, it is
idle for any man in any position to tell the oeople
