1026
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 14,
of this country that they can afford to import this
year, $343,000,000, and next year $381,000,000.
If that amount of goods is imported, it cannot be
paid for; and an expectation built upon an impor-
tation like this, I trust, has very little foundation.
Must we not learn something from the past? I
agree that these are but estimates; and perhaps
the one presenting them should not be held re-
sponsible for them. He told us that they were
only estimates, and they must be taken with al-
lowance. I agree with him in this, for they ought
to be taken with a great deal of allowance; for I
will show you that the same Secretary made a
former estimate, (in December, 1857,) which, now
corrocted by his own estimate, is only about twen-
ty-tliree million dollars out of the way. Ifhe were
"wrong in one year $23,000,000, i.t is unsafe for us
to legislate with entire reliance upon his estimates
the next year. If nothing else, it imposes a duty
upon each member to examine the estimates for
himself, as I have done. The Secretary, at the
beginning of the last session, reported to this j
House that the amount which would be received
from customs during the present year would be
$69,500,000. He submitted this estimate at a
time when the country was undergoing the finan-
cial crisis. He reported that when the country
•was in the deepest distress—a time when his cal-
culations should hare been subdued, not exagger-
ated. That was his expectation at that time. To
realize that, would require an importation of mer-
chandize amounting to §473,454,040—an amount
more, by $125,000,000, than the country ever im-
ported, even in its days of largest business and
greatest prosperity. Though he estimated there
-would be $69,000,000 of revenue collected during
the fiscal year 1858-59, yet, when he sends in
his estimates, in December, 1858, he says that
he has only received from customs $13,500,000
during the first quarter, and he only expects to
receive $37,000,000 during the remainder of the
year.
In other words, he was out $19,000,000 in his
expected receipts from customs; and as he esti-
mated $5,000,000 from the public lands, and only
got $1,500,0011, he was mistaken $3,500,000 from
that quarter. Now, the Secretary who makes mis-
takes like this must expect to have his future es-
timates scrutinized to the utmost. There may be
no great harm in it; but his calculations are mis-
takes—that is all. Here are the records. Here
is the report, saying that the amount of duties to
be received this year will be $69,500,000, which,
I repeat, would require an importation of nearly
FITE hundred million dollars.
Now, Mr. Chairman, believing that the Secre-
tary's estimate is not right, I beg to say that,
in my judgment, there will be a greater deficiency
than the assumed $25,000,000, even supposing
that there will be no greater expenditure than he
estimates for. I agree that there ought to be econ-
omy and retrenchment wherever it is possible.
But, with the growth and expansion of the coun-
try, and with the necessary increase of expenses
that attend its growth and expansion, whatever
reform and retrenchment may be effected, in a
relative diminution of expendituies, the actual re-
duction cannot amount to much.
Now, let us see what further deficiency there
is. I think that the deficiencies for the next two
years will be far greater than he calculates. The
Secretary says that, on the 1st of July, 1859, there
will be an estimated balance in the Treasury of
$7,063,298. He says, in another part of his re-
port, that there will be a deficiency in the Post Of-
fice Department for the present year of $3,838,723.
The Treasury notes that will fall due, will amount
to $18,339,500; and the working capital of the
Treasury is $5,000,000; leaving a deficiency, ac-
cording to his account, of $20,114,930. Now,
Mr. Chairman, tell me if there isany real expect-
ation that the importations forthis year will reach
the required $343,000,000? If the Secretary re-
ceives in customs within $6,000,000 of his esti-
mate, he will be very lucky.
Mr. McQUEEN. Does not the gentleman
know that, during the month of January, just
past, the importations have been larger than they
were ever known to be before?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not know the fact, and
I think that that is a mistake-
Mr. Mc&UEEN. That is the statement; and
it is uncontradicted.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The importations were
larger than in the corresponding month last year;
ana such I understood to be the comparison.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. And does not the gentle-
man know that the revenue has been diminished
by the withdrawal of public lands from the
market last winter.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The revenue from the pub-
lic lands is but a trifle in the public service.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. It is not much.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The whole revenue from cus-
toms for the month of January was $4,376,000,
if my memory serves me. That is probably as
great an amount as we can have any month in the
year, and twice as great as we will have in some
months. I am perfectly, aware of the receipts of j
the months of January and December; but I be- '
lieve that, if there is no greater deficiency in the
revenue from customs than six or seven million
this year below the estimated receipts, it will be
■doing pretty well.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. The statement I have al-
luded to has been made in the New York papers,
and I have not seen it contradicted.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I did not understand that to
be the statement, but that the contrast was made
with last year.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I beg leave to say that I saw
the statement in the New York papers that the
importations for the month of January were larger
than they ever were before, and that the month
of January, 1854, approached nearer to the month
of January, 1859, than any month in a previous
year.
Mr. PHILLIPS. That may be; but I do not
believe all I see in the New York papers.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. Nor I either; but I have
not seen the statement contradicted.
Mr. PHILLIPS. But in the next place, the
comparison will prove nothing, because the year
1854 was not the year of the largest general im-
portations. While I agree that there were large
importations last January, I repeat that it is my
belief that the receipts for customs will fall short
of his estimates, at least $6,000,000. If they do
not, it will be because it is thought that the Con-
gress of the United States will increase the duties
on imports, and those who want to escape the
payment of higher duties will bring in a large
quantity of goods. That is the only chance the
Secretary lias for having his estimate filled up.
The gentleman from South Carolina cannot point
to any other mode of obtaining revenue, unless
he resorts to his favorite mode of direct taxation.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. If it was left to me I would
not hesitate a moment in issuing the necessary
amount of Treasury notes, and let the country re-
cover from thederangeijientunderwhich itlabors.
It would recover within two years, without any
protection of special interests, such as coal or iron. j
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not think that the gen- j
tleman is a good financial doctor. While the j
patient is deranged, he will not treat it, but wait j
till it gets well. Now I will treat it while it is de-
langed and disordered.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. By increasing the tariff ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I will first get things in good
order, and whenever they are in good order, and
there is money enough to allow a reduction of
any of the revenues of the Government, I will,
with great pleasure, go with the gentleman for
reducing them.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, that I do not profess to be a
very good revenue doctor, not as good perhaps
as he is, especially to doctor the protection of
coal and iron in Pennsylvania; but I would doc-
tor the revenue, so as to let the existing revenue
law alone awhile to let the revenue recover, as it
will do, from the temporary depression under
which it has been laboring; I would issue Treas-
ury notes to supply the deficiency until the Treas-
ury is replenished; but whether I am a good doc-
tor or not, 1 understand that sort of doctoring by
which my constituents are-to be taxed in their
honest labor for the benefit of the coal and iron
manufacturers of Pennsylvania, the gentleman's
constituents.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do not care to make an
issue between the State of the gentleman and my
own State. There are a good many people in
South Carolina for whom I have great regard, and
I should be sorry if they were inoculated with
the gentleman's doctrines.
Mr. Mc&UEEN. There are very many such.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am sorry to hear it.
Mr. REILLY. I wish to ask my colleague
this question. If his estimate of the existing debt
of the Government is correct, and if his opinion
is that the amount of revenue, likely to be received
from the present tariff will not be sufficient to pay
that indebtedness and provide means to defray
the current expenses of the Government, why is
it that the Committee of Ways and Means, of
which he is a member, has not reported a bill to
increase the duties on foreign imports, so as to
raise sufficient revenue for those purposes?
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I rise to a ques-
tion of order. The proceedings in a committee
room cannot be divulged here.
■ The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
that to be the rule.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I should like to
ask one question of my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Phillips,] and also of the gentleman who
propounded a question to him, [Mr. Reilly.]
That is, whether they really desire the increase
of the duties now for the purpose of getting rev-
enue, or for the purpose of protection ?
Mr. REILLY. I answer the gentleman from
Tennessee, by saying we desire a tariff which will
produce sufficient revenue, and afford a little more
protection than is given by the present tariff.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I was telling the gentleman
how much the Treasury wants; and I will tell
him presently how it is to be supplied. The
Secretary estimates that, in 1860, the receipts
will be $62,000,000—$56,000,000 from customs,
$5,000,000from public lands,and $1,000,000 from
miscellaneous sources. That would leave a defi-
ciency of upwards of $12,000,000. Add the prob-
able deficiency from customs of $6,000,000 and
public lands $2,000,000—because if you embar-
rass commerce and manufactures you will sell but
little public land—add those two items of defi-
ciency, and it makes the deficiency for that year
more than $20,000,000, thus making the Treasury
deficient on the 1st of July, 1860, more than
$45,000,000.
Now, the gentleman from South Carolina [Mr.
Mc&ueen] says that he would not legislate while
the Treasury is disarranged; he would not legis-
late in an emergency. I have heard that said be-
fore. I have been told to wait till things get right
—wait, and then cure them. I am for doing it
now, and then, whenever things get so right that
we can do without the remedy I now propose, I
should be willing, if I had a vote, to repeal or
change the law. But I never will vote to borrow
a dollar of money, until I see the means provided
for its punctual and honorable payment. That is
the determination at which I have arrived, and I
do not think it is in the power of man to induce
me to change my ground. Well, there is a defi-
ciency of $45,000,1)00. How is it to be made up ?
Why, says the Secretary, revise the tariff. I am
in favor of that; and I thank him much for the
suggestion. But " revise it in my particular
mode," he says. You can realize by his mode
only $7,000,000 per annum, at the outside, and
any one who has made the calculation will say so.
What, then, is to be done? The country is to be
$45,000,000 behindhand, at the end of the next
fiscal year. We are to extend the Treasury notes
for $20,000,000, for a year or two, and there is to
be no provision made for meeting them. We are
told that the credit of the nation is good enough,
and that we can borrow one or two hundred mil-
lion, or a half a million million, if requisite. So
we can; but it is on the faith of the past; and if
the legislation of the present is continued m the
style that it is promised to be, I can assure you
that the credit of the country hereafter may not
be as good as it has been heretofore. Nearly fifty
million dollars deficiency, and no remedy sup-
plied. The Secretary tells us that lie has not es-
timated the Treasury notes among the wants of
the Treasury, and asks us to reissue them. I
say no; reissue none of them. If it is a debt,
make it a debt, and let it run until such time as
the promised improvement in the revenues of the
Government will enable you to pay it.
Passing from that, Mr. Chairman, I want to
call the attention of gentlemen to a former very
great mistake; and I do so because, if there has
been such a mistake made heretofore, I repeat,
you must not implicitly rely on the present esti-
mates. Taking the Secretary's estimate of De-
cember, 1857, and contrasting it with his estimate
