1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
1027
of the succeeding year, he has only made a mis-
take of $40,000,001) in eighteen months or less.
He then told us that the amount in the Treasury
on the 1st July, 183y, would be somewhere in
in the neighborhood, if { recollect arijrht, of
§1,862,000.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would beg the
gentleman, when he states results, to give us the
figures.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I would do so, if I thought
the gentleman would listen.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I am listening with
attention; but 1 confess I am not able to under-
stand.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The Secretary estimated that
the amount in the Treasury on July 1, 1859,
would be $1,862,000 or thereabouts, and he will
have a little more—about $3,000,000. But to
get that little more, he will have had $40,000,000
more than lie expected—$20,000,000 in Treasury
notes, $20,000,000 loan, and the premium that
accrued on those amounts. The actual error be-
tween the estimates of December, 1858, and the
estimates nowraade, is $40,587,900 18, which, I
hope, is exact enough for my-fnend from Vir-
ginia. How is this to be supplied ? As 1 have
already said, I will vote foi any proper reform m
the expenditures of the Government; I will lop
oft' any extravagant service; I will reform any
maladministration. I will not cut down the Army
or Navy. I will not call back our ministers and
consuls from foreign countues. I would riot shut
•ourselves out from the rest of the woild. But 1
will vote to reduce the number of officc-holders.
1 will vote, as I have uniformly voted on this
floor, against expending a dollar where the Gov-
ernment does not receive its full value. But all
this cannot be done immediately; it must be the
work of time, of patient investigation, and careful
scrutiny; else reform cannot be real.
Mr. MILES. Will the gentleman vote to make
the Post Office Department self-sustaining?
Mr. PHILLIPS. No, sir; I represent a reading
and writing community; and if there is any tax
in the world which they will cheerfully pay, it is
the postage.
Mr. MILES. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether his reading and writing constituency
ought not to be willing to pay for the advantages
they enjoy, and whether he desires to tax the
dark and unenlightened regions', where they do
not value reading and writing so much, for the
benefit of his constituents ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. If some of our light could only
reach those dark and unenlightened regions, I
would be very willing that they should have it,
with or without tax. But what I mean to say is,
that I will do nothing that will embarrass the
Post Office Department, or lessen the facilities of
intercourse between the different portions of this
Confederacy; and my vote will never be given to
raise the postage on the principle of making that
Departmentseh-sustaming. Why should it sus-
tain itself more than any other Department?
Mr. MILES. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he believes that making tiie Post Office
Department self-sustaining would diminish the
mail facilities, and the circulation of enlighten-
ment among the people?
Mr. PHILLIPS. 1 do; and as I want the cir-
culation of light in the benighted regions with
which the gentleman from South Carolina is fa-
miliar, and of which he has just spoken, I will
do nothing that will tend to prevent it.
Mr. MILES. The gentleman must allow me
to say that his remarks, so far, have satisfied me
that the enlightenment among his constituents is
not so great/in spite of the taxes we pay lor the
circulation of information among them. I think
he is quite as familiar with unenlightened and
dark regions as I am.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Probably so. Ifthegentle-
man from South Carolina will look at the statis-
tics he will find that his region of country gets
full value for all that it pays. Apply the doctrine
to the district represented by the gentleman from
South Caiohna, and I wiil not object. Will the
gentleman from Mississippi apply it to his dis-
trict? Will lie ask to have every post office abol-
ished where the receipts will not pay the ex-
penses ? If so, I for one, would yield him what he
desnes. It would seem that those who pay the
greatest part of the postage are those who are op-
posed to the increase of its rates.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to say that the
Post Office Department does not sustain itself in
a single State in the Union. I have it from the
Postmaster General himself.
Mr. PHILLIPS. If such is the fact, why did
that officer not state that in his report, in black
and white ? On the contrary, the report and sta-
tistics show otherwise. My State pays more than
the service costs.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The General Govern-
ment does comparatively nothing for Mississippi
except to furnish her mail facilities; whereas the
gentleman's State monopolizes a large proportion
of the offices of the Government and the appro-
priations from the public Treasury.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I am sorry that Mississippi
has so little. If I can do anything to help her,
I will. I do not think that Pennsylvania has
more than she deserves.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The city of Phila-
delphia, in supplying the Ai my of the United
States with boots and shoes and caps, receives
more of the Federal money than five or six of the
southern States altogether.
Mr. PHILLIPS. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia is the last one that ought to complain; for
according to all accounts, he is well provided for.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If the gentleman
relies for his information upon Madam tlumor,
he relies then upon the words of a common strum-
pet.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Not at all. I have no ac-
quaintance with any such people. [Laughter.] I
would not increase the postage. It is a tax that
is willingly paid. Just as low as you can fix the
postage I shall be satisfied, and the lower the bet-
ter. 1 will not vote to retrograde in this act of en-
lightenment. Perhaps the gentleman would like
the Army to be self-sustaining—the soldiers to
maintain themselves. That would reduce their
line of expenses materially. Give the Navy a
roving commission on the seas to support itself
and it could do it. But there is about as much
reason that they should be self-sustaining, as that
the Post Office Department should be self-sustain-
ing.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania this question: is the
Government under more obligation to carry a
man's letter free than his merchandise?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Yes, sir.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Why?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Because it was in contem-
plation of the framers of the Constitution that
theie should be a Post Office Department, a^d they
provided for it in that insti ument.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Ii was the contemplation
of the framers of the Constitution that the Post
Office should sustain itself; and for years it did
sustain itself, until the present act was passed for
the benefit of the commercial and manufacturing
classes, to the detriment of the agricultural.
Mr. PHILLIPS. Those who framed the Con-
stitution intended that there should be a Post
Office establishment. That the gentleman doesnot
deny. He says that they contemplated that it
should be self-sustaining. I deny that. I can
find no evidenceof that fact. If the fact be, as the
gentleman slates, that it inures to the benefit of
the groat commercial and manufacturing interests
of the country, that, I think, is, in itself, a suf-
ficient reason to keep it up. if, as he says, it
helps the mercantile and manufacturing interests,
and hurts none 
Mr. BARKSDALE. It injures the agricultu-
ral interest.
Mr. PHILLIPS. It can hurt no interest; and
the gentleman does a greater injury to tlm agri-
cultural intuiest, by seeking to antagonize it
against other interests, than the Post Office pos-
sibly can do.
To resume the thread of my argument. The
public- lands will not supply revenue; nobody
contends that they will. The Post Office will not
do it—nay, it ought not to do it. Where, then, is
the money to come from r 1 understand my friend
from South Carolina [Mr. McQ,ueex] to say that
if his vote would decide, it would come from di-
rect taxation. I know those are his \iews; they
may suit his latitude; but there would be a small
amount of taxes collected from mine. That ex-
periment has been tried, and has not succeeded.
I can tell the gentleman that the citizens of Penn-
sylvania will pay as cheerfully as the citizens of
any portion of the Union; yet they will not ex-
pect direct taxation when there is a constitutional
and easy mode of raising revenue pointed out
and recognized by those who framed the Consti-
tution, and which has, ever since the adoption of
the Constitution, been recognized as the source
from which revenue should be derived.
Mr. Chairman, I am for an increase of duties
on imports, and 1 will not vote for Treasury notes
or a loan without such increase. I am for giving
the Treasury a relief of $*20,000,000 by loan. The
withdrawal from warehouse of the merchandise
stored there, in order to avoid the higher rate of
duties, will yield $2,000,000. Orders will go out
—are now going out—in anticipation of the time
at which the increased duty will take effect; and
you will get increased revenue from that fact.
But, without increased duty, even the $20,000,000
loan would leave the Treasury, on 1st July next,
empty and bankrupt; and the creditors of the
Government would be clamoring for their money,
but clamoring in vain. I would put the duties
upon a proper basis; I would, if there were time
for a full revision, make them specific upon every
article of uniform, or nearly uniform, value; I
would fix the value for myself; I would let Con-
gress fix the standard value, instead of leaving it
to the uninformed, and sometimes the corrupt,
officeholders, to whom that duty is assigned.
Where is the difference between a standard of
value set by the Government, and a standard of
value at the arbitrary discretion of appraisers, dif-
feiently exercised in the several parts of the Uni-
ted States? Then the Government will get the
fair amount of duty upon the goods imported,
which it is impossible to obtain now. I would
raise the tariff to a point sufficient to meet all the
demands of the country. I would not put on a
duty merely for protection. I would not put a
duty which would prohibit the introduction of an
article. I would put nothing prohibitory; butin
fixing a revenue standard I would discriminate ih
favor of those at m^ own home rather than, as
some seem willing to do, in favor of those abroad.
These arc the views I entertain. A merely pro-
tective tariff, as such, I would not vote for; be-
cause the moment if reaches the protection point,
that moment it becomes prohibitory; whether the
requirements of the Government be $50,000,000 or
$60,000,000 or $100,000,000 per annum; I think
that the Government is rich enough to have all
that it wants. I would put the tariff up to a
revenue standard; and I would take care, so far
as my influence and vote would go, to discrimin-
ate, as we have always done, in favor of, and not
against, ourselve-s.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I wish to ask the
gentleman what sort of tariff he calls a tariff for
protection ? He used the phrase several times.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I consider a tariff for protec-
tion to be a tariff in which the revenue is to be
derived from certain articles, and the duty put
entirely for protection upon others excludes them
from importation. I am aware that some gentle-
men and papers call me a protectionist, but I am
careless so Ions as I know I am right.
Mr. CURRY. Does the gentleman mean that
a protective tariff is a prohibitory tariff?
Mr. PHILLIPS. I do.
Mr. CURRY. That is your definition ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. It is. I do not believe that
any other tariff is protective; the policy of the
Government has been uniform in keeping a tariff
for revenue, with discrimination for protection.
The ultras of this House have voted for discrim-
ination. It is too late for them to reproach any
one with that. The day has gone by for that.
There are some in this House who are in favor of
free trade; yet I find that many of them have
already, by their votes, sanctioned and approved
the principle of discrimination. That is all I ask
now.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. What duty would
you put on iron ?
Mr. PHILLIPS. Enough to insure that the
bad iron, when it comes in, shall pay the full duty;
and that the labor of the American citizen shall
be paid at least equally with that of the foreign
manufacturer.
Mr. GRANGER. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to answer ? It is to allow
Pennsylvania a shade of advantage in the manu-
facture of iron over England in our own market.
It is to give Pennsylvania a little the longest end
