1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
up this $12,478,907, and you will see that, from
their very nature, many can be delayed, and sev-
eral of them must be delayed.
I say, then, that, according to all past experi-
ence, there will, and must be at the end of next
fiscal year, as ever heretofore, an outstanding un-
expended balance of appropriations which will
more than cover the Secretary's estimated defi-
ciency of $8,000,000.
But, sir, admit that it does not; admit that you
are to spend every cent that is asked for, and every
cent of the outstanding balances during the next
fiscal year, and, I ask, are these estimates them-
selves right? Is it necessary to spend $71,000,000
or $72,000,000 next year ? Has not the time come
•when we should make some effort to reduce the
expenditures of this Government? Will any gen-
tleman say that we .should impose taxes for the
sake of taxes ? Shall I be told that we ought to
take a dollar from our constituents—the people of
this country—except for the necessary expenses
of an economical Government? I take it thateven
the gentleman Pennsylvania himself will not
maintain so monstrous a proposition as that.
But, a few years ago, in 1851-52, the expendi-
tures, exclusive of payments on account of the
public debt and awards under the then recent
treaty with Mexico, were $36,022,099; and in
1852-53 the expenditures, exclusive of the same
payments on account of the public debt, were
$43,544,262. Last year, in 1857-58, they were
$71,492,398; and the estimates asked for, for the
next fiscal year, exclusive of payments of public
debt, amount to $71,254,033.
Now, I beg the committee to remember that
this country is as large at this moment as it was
in 1851-52, with the exception of the Gadsden
purchase I beg the committee to remember that,
if the country now extends from ocean to ocean;
if it stretches from PugetSound to Key West
and theTortugas;if it now spreads from the Aioos-
took to San Diego, I beg them to remember that
so it did in 1851-52. If you have to protect and
defend and maintain your Government through-
out the whole of this vast region which we now
occupy, we held the same region and had the
same duties and functions to fulfill six years ago.
Can any gentleman pretend that it is fair, that
it is just, that it is legitimate, that the expenses of
this Government, in time of profound peace,
should have doubled in six years? Look through
the list of items, and you will find that the ex-
penditures have doubled in almost every item. Is
not there the plac to apply the knife ? Can we
go home to our constituents, and tell them, "you
Bent us to Congress in time of commercial disaster;
at a time when, if the revenues of the Government
were languishing, the revenues of the people were
still more languishing: we have made no effort to
reduce the expenditures of the Government; we
have left them at double what they were six years
ago; and wo imposed additional taxes upon you ?"
Can the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania justify
such conduct, even to the iron-makers of his own
State?
He says the expenditures do not admit of much
reduction. Is this probable, in view of the tact
that they have doubled m only six years? Ln
us look through the list, and, even with my brief
experience here, withwhatl admit to be very in-
sufficient knowledge, I think I can point out some
important retrenchments, more than enough to
meet the estimated deficiency.
First, these are the legislative expenditures.
In six years thev have grown hom ^1,248,018
to $3,583,524. Does the gentleman from P<-rne
sylvama think that nothing can be lopped oil
theie? Why continue youi vast printingcxjiensps'
Why should Government enter into the book-
publishing business, unless it be to maintain party
presses here, and to furnish yourselves with docu-
ments and books for electioneering r Perhaps they
are needed for that exceedingly intelligent" read-
ing and writing community" which thegentleman
ftom Pennsylvania boasts that he represents. My
constituents may not read and write quite so
much, but let me tell him that they prefer to read
at their own expense, and not at the cost of their
tax-paying fellow-citizens.
Now, look at the salaries of the surveyors of
your public lands. They constitute rather a small
Hem, but 1 wish to illustrate this subject in small
items as w>'11 as in large ones. In 1S5J—52, they
were $72.5:38; la&t yeai they weie $103*717 l'1
the former year the Mint establishment cost
$140,003; now it costs §613,487. Why is that?
Is it because you have more gold and silver to
coin? Not at all. £t is because, under the vile sys-
tem growingup in this country, when you spend
money in one district, you are called on to ex-
pend a like sum in another.
Patronage and expenditure beget demands for
more patronage ana more expenditure, until the
whole country is dotted over with public estab-
lishments, not for the benefit of the public service,
but for the advantage of the tax consumers in
each locality. A mint is needed at San Francisco,
the capital of the modern Ophir. I think that
you should have a mint in New York, the second
commercial metropolis of the world. But why
should there be one in the neighboring city of
Philadelphia? Why should you have one in the
mountains of North Carolina and of Georgia?
Why one at New Orleans? If the system is to
continue as it has begun, we will soon have mints
in every State of the Union.
The collection of the revenue cost§2.082,653 m
1852, and $2,907,432 last year. The Secretary of
the Treasury—and I will have something to say
presently in answer to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, in defense of that officer—has reported a
bill to reduce those expenditures. He proposes
to abolish numerous custom-houses where no
customs arc collected, and cut off numerous of-
fices that are of no use. But who will assist us
to take up that bill and act upon it? Will the
other side of the House? Will the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, or his colleague? 1 doubt it.
Your light-house establishment has, in six years,
increased in expense from $597,466 to $1,162,857.
Why? Not in consequence of necessary lights.
On many parts of the northern coast the lights are
so numerous that they are a source of danger to
the navigators. Instead of guiding them through
the shoals and rocks they mislead them to their
destruction. I fear it was not the lights, but the
patronage that was needed.
The deficit in the marine hospital fund has
nearly doubled since 1852,and I might show the
same of almost every other head of expenditure.
1 know, sir, that many of these extravagances
require legislation to correct them, for which I
there is not time enough remaining. I have not
leisure, nor is this the time, to suggest all the
remedies. But there are other appropriations
even now in our power; there are retrenchments
which may be made even in this brief remnant of
the session.
First, then, I find in the estimates §2,226,000 of
appropriations asked for buildings, such as the
' Capitol, the Washington aqueduct, the Treasury
extension, the Patent Office and Post Office, the
Insane hospital, the New Orleans and Charles-
ton custom-houses, &c.
1 will not ask whether such buildings were
originally necessary.
Mr. M1LLSON. Permit mc 
Mr. GARNETT. I must go on. I have no
time to be drawn from the thread of my argu-
j ment.
I Mr. M1LLSON. I wish to make a correction,
|; but 1 will not press it if the gentleman is not m-
■ ' clincd to yield to me.
jj Mr. GARNETT. I would rather rather go
|! on. Now, whatever may have been the original
'! propiicty for these buildings, I submit that here
jj the Government ought to do what any prudent
'! private individual would do. If lie finds himself
!| in a time of pressure, his first thought- is to re-
!, duce his expenses, and to postpone all thai is not
j! absolutely indispensable.
I! So with these buildings. We ought not to ap-
'! prnpnate more than enough to keep them from
'' dilapidation. Suspend the work upon them. In
jj some cases this will be an advantage to the work
'! itself; in others it can do no harm. Is it well to
spend $300,000 more on the New Orleans custom-
house,'until we see how far it will sink. It
* settled more last year than ever before. I be-
:] lieve my colleague [Mr. Lktcher.] fears it will
,| yet break through the crust, of earth into the
l| Seibonun bog winch he contends underlies New
ij Orleans. Thi? Capitol, again, is bmh of the most
i indestructible materials, iron and stone, no wood
!; about it. We are comfoitubly occupying both
'I wings. Why not postpone the completion r If
' was sud that tin* estimate la^t \var was to fm-
| ish it. but of enui.se it has not done &o.
The Committee of Ways and Means have already-
made some reduction here. I would reduce still
more. I conclude that $266,000 for these build-
ings will be ample. That saves $2,000,000. Then
I come to your navy-yards. I find that the Navy
Department for the year 1851-5® cost, for actual
expenditures, $8,928,236; in 1852-53 it cost'
$10,891,639. Last year it cost §13,976,000. This
rapid increase raises at least a presumption that
something can be saved here. OurNavy had cer-
tainly as much to do five years ago as it has now.
Why should we spend to-day $5,000,000 more
than we did fiveyearsago—$6,000,000 more than
we did six years ago—increasing at the rate of
$1,000,000 a year? My friend from Georgia [Mr.
Crawford] says we have no more men afloat,
and, I believe, no more guns. Looking more
minutely, I find that in 1851-52 the navy-yards
cost $741,692; in 1852-53 $693,038; last year
$1,982,923. Why are the expenses of your navy-
yards so great? The reason is plain. The navy-
yards do not exist for the Navy. If they did,
one on the Pacific coast and one or two on the
Atlantic would be all-sufficient.
The navy-yards are kept up for the benefit
of the people employed, and the money spent.
And so we have them dotted in every direction.
I believe the gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Sew-
ard] has one in embryo in the State of Georgia
even now. It is time to stop some of these leaks
in our ship of State. It is time to get rid of some
of these navy-yards. I ask the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means if we cannot re-
duce their expenses ? May we not stop the build-
ing of walls and houses and new machinery in
them, and delay the operations? I think we
might take off $1,000,000 there.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The Committee of Ways
and Means has taken off about $1,000,000.
Mi. GARNETT. I am glad to have their in-
dorsement.
I come next to the items for increase and re-
pairs. Remember that this does not include the
building of the sloops ordered last session. There-
is a distinct estimate for them. This is for the or-
dinary repairs. It amounts to $3,100,000. Five
years a?o it was only $2,300,000; six years since
only $21900,000. There, too, we can save about
$1,000,000 by bringing down the expenditures to
the former standard. Thas far, I have $4,000,000
altogethei of savings.
Then, sir, come to the Army. First, the forti-
fications are estimated at $698,000. The Com-
mittee ^f Ways and Means recommended a re-
duction of $650,000. I thank them for the recom-
mendation, and most heartily concur with them.
The next item is for armories and arsenals—
$1,467,000. In 1852, they cost $848,000; in 1853,
$856,000. Why should they cost more now?
Why can wc not save on that item $800,000.
Take the next item, for barracks, $700,000.
Theie again the pruning-knffe can be employed.
These barracks are built, and expensively built, at
points where they are only to be used for a year
or two. We are continually changing our fron-
tier forts, and instead of putting up houses like
those of the settlers around them, we put up ex-
pensive gothiccottages forthe officers, and durable
barracks for the soldiers. Our Army is but the out-
post—the flanking guard of the great column of
American emigration; its march is so rapid* that
there is scarce time to pitch a camp beside its sta-
tions, far less to erect such expensive fortifications?
Therefore, I wiil reduce this item to $200,000.
Then take the quartermaster's department.
The estimates are larger than the expenditures of
last year; yet now we have no Motinon war. I
acknowledge the difficulty of reducing items like
this; I know that it is, to some extent, sinking
; in the dark: but we have reached that point when
, we must strike in the dark. The duartei master
: General tells you, the Secretary of War tells you,
; the Committee of Ways and Means tells you,
: that they cannot^ontrol these expendituies; then
j 1 say that the only way to control them is the
! same way that you would control any other ex-
j tuwagant person; that is. by stinting them m
' money.
' Mr. CRAWFORD. In connection with what
has been said, I would say that the number of
, animals in the employ of the United States Army
; are about nineteen thousand, while the Army itself
| is only a little over eighteen thousand, and not all
i full at that.
