1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Phil-
lips] says that the founders of the Confederacy
did not design the Post Office Department to be
self-sustaining. I can see no authority in the Con-
stitution or in history for such an assertion. Our
power over the postal service is derived from the
power to establish post routes. But is it not a
stretch of authority, is it not departing from the
uniform practice of the founders of the Govern-
ment down to a recent period, to pretend that the
mere authority to establish post-roads conveyed
an authority to place the Post Office establishment
upon the tax-paying community?
You have converted your Post Office into a sort
of Adams's Express Company for transportation
of freight; and recently we were told that it was
to be a civilizing agency; that it was not only to
carry letters from the Mississippi to the Pacific,
butthatithad ahigherand noblerfunction, which
was, to people the wilderness; to promote the
march of civilization ! Why should not the Post
Office be self-sustaining? There is not a State in
this Union—that is, making the proper deduc-
tions—which supports the mail service within
its limits. The mails are incumbered with a
large amount of free matter. The expenses of the
Department are swelled, not by the legitimate
business of carrying the mails, but the business
of carrying passengers. The Post Office Depart-
ment was burdened with large subsidies to ocean
steamers. 1 rejoice that the law of last session,
if we can preserve it, stops that expense, at least.
In the face of all these facts, however, you re-
fuse to laise the postage, and prefer taxing the
people. How many of the poor men of the coun-
try, how many of the toiling millions, know or
remember the amount of the postage ? 1 admit,
that to your rich merchant and banker his post-
ages are a matter of some consequence. I admit,
that to your editors it is a fine thing to get their j
newspaper exchanges free, and extend their cii-1
culation at very low rates. On the contrary, little '
do the real laborers of the country care whether
it is three cents or five cents a letter. But it is a
matter of great consequence to them that the
plow with which they till the earth, the hammer
with which they strike the anvil, the clothes
they wear, and the sugar and salt they consume
should not be heavily taxed, and then- families
thereby stintftl in the necessaries and luxuries of
life. Yet, sir, that is the question. Will you
keep down the postage for the benefit of the rich
capitalists of Philadelphia and New York, and
tax the people to pay the deficit? or will you
raise the postage,make the Department self-sus-
taining, and keep down the taxes?
But the gentleman says he is ill favor of having
specific duties, and that instead of letting unin-
formed appraisers estimate the value of goods, he
would have that value estimated by Congress. I
dislike to meet any argument by the argumentum
ad hom'mem; but 1 appeal to the House and to the
gentleman himself, whetheranappraiser, selected
among the commercial men of the cities of New
York, Philadelphia, or Boston, is not likely to be
better informed about the value of goods than is
the honorable gentleman, or any other honorable
gentleman on this floor? He is in favor of reve-
nue duties, and defines a revenue duty to be one
which does not absolutely prohibit the importa-
tion of the article. Did my friend learn such a
notion as that from " the reading and writing"
constituency whom he represents ' If so, it is
clear to me that there are some strange books m
that " reading and writing" community.
We have had agreat many controversies about
protection and free trade; but never, in all the
controversies that have resounded here and in
Europe; never, among the vast tomes that have
been written on political economy, have I before
heard that a revenue duty was that which did not
absolutely prohibit importation.
No, sn; revenue ami protection arc diametri-
cally opposite. The object of a revenue tariff is
to raise the maximum of revenue. It encourages
importation; it encourages the people of the dif-
ferent nations of the world to exchange their sur-
plus commodities. It says to the world; "We
Americans are not afraid of the competition of
any other nation. We are confident m our own
resources—in the fertility of our country, ill the
natural riches with which Providence has en-
dowed us. We aio confident in our own geiuut.,
and aie willing to stand in competition with the
whale world." But protection says:" No. Gov-
ernment knows what is best for the interests of
the people better than do thepeople themselves."
It tells you that your industry should be directed
to one branch of production rather than to an-
other. It attempts to diminish importations, and
thereby cuts off the very source of revenue.
I have thus attempted to show that, under any
scheme of finance, the Treasury notes must be
provided for by a loan or a power to reissue; that
the deficiency, therefore, in question, is, by the
Secretary's estimate, not quite $8,000,000; that
even this does not really exist, for the outstand-
ing balances of appropriations unexpended at the
end of the next fiscal year must exceed that sum.
I have further shown that the revenues in that
period will exceed the estimates of the Secretary
by some $10,000,000; and that we may and ought
to reduce the expenditures at once by a still larger
sum. I know, sir, that this last proposal is un-
popular with the classes who are benefited by these
expenditures. The benefit is confined to a few,
and is large for each; the burden of payment falls
on the many, and is comparatively small to each;
therefore, those who attempt to reduce expendi-
tures will ever encounter the bitter hostility of the
small but well-drilled party of the tax consumers,
and be supported in a lukewarm way by the.nu-
merous but disconnected hosts of the tax-payers.
Yet, sir, this is a great moral and constitutional
battle which we must steadfastly maintain. B*or I
know not whether extravagant expenditures are
more ruinous to our simple Constitution, or more
corrupting to our Republican morality.
There are but two modes of organizing parties.
One is on principles—principles fixed and eternal;
the other is by patronage and expenditure and
personal combinations. The State-rights Dem-
ocratic party commenced its career with the foun-
dation of the Government. It began on principle;
on the strict construction of the Constitution; that
Government should do as little, and that the in-
dividual should do as much, as possible. It has
been a party of free trade, of low duties, of econ-
omy, of retrenchment, and of a strict construc-
tion of the Constitution. It is because it has been
such a party that it has commanded the affections
of the people of the country.
My heart warms to its old banner, inscribed
with the names of so many a glorious achieve-
ment and soiled with the smoke of many a gallant
action; warms to it when I remember that, under
the auspices of that party, our country has grown
from the few feeble settlements of 1789 to the
magnificent Confederacy in which we now live;
warms to it when 1 remember that it laid down,
in 1798-9!), in my own old State, the chart of
constitutional construction, which, amid all aber- i
rations, it has ever returned to since; when I ;
lemember that, despite the opposition of its foes, '
it added to our country the mouths of the Mis-
sissippi; that it added Florida and Texas, and
gave us the Pacific coast. 1 thank it when 1 re- j
member that, under its care, we have been grad-
ually brought from a system of high duties, paper
currency, and of Government interference, to a
system where we have a sound metallic cur-
rency, and comparative free trade; where our
trade and commerce, our imports and exports,
have outstripped those of any other nation of the
world.
1 value it for all these things; and let me say
to my friends of the Democratic party, that if we j
once'pe™11 ourselves, for the sake of carrying i
this election or that election, in this State or the
other State—ay, even in the old Keystone State j
itself—to desert our principles, and to become a
protectionist party—when we depend for success,
not upon principles, but upon expenditure—then
the days of the party are numbered, and itsmeiic,
mene, tekel icpharsiu, are written on the wall. By
adhering to principles, though we may be in the
minority for a moment, we will ultimately control
and carry the country with us, and command the
destinies of the Confederacy and of the western
hemisphere, till we shall have fulfilled that high
mission on earth for which God designed our
race.
Mr. STANTON obtained the floor.
Mr. COM1NS. I wish to make a single re-
mark in reply to the statement made by the hon-
orable gentleman fiom Mississippi, m connection
with the speech of the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania to-day, [Mr. Phillips,] that there
was not a State in the Union in which the Post
Office Department supported itself. I thought
the gentleman from Mississippi was in error at
the time. I -have sought the official record, and
I find there are several States in which there is a
surplus over all expenses.
In Massachusetts there is a surplus of $178,650;
in New York, a surplus of §433 53. There are
several other States with a surplus, but the amount
is small. There is a deficit in Mississippi of
$180,340; in Virginia, of |199,544; and in Louis-
iana, of $523,515. This is for the year ending
June 30, 1857.
Mr. HATCH. I wish to say that the surplus
in New York is very nearly one million dollars;
and the Legislature of that State has adopted con-
current resolutions that have been presented to
Congress against the increase of postage.
Mr. STANTON. I do not think this matter is
worth the powder. I prefer that the House should
adjourn.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I move that the Commit-
tee do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Houston reported that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
had had under consideration the Union generally,
and particularly the bill of the House, No. 664,
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and for
fulfilling treaty supinations with various Indian
tribes, for the year ending June 30,1860, with the
amendments of the Senate thereto, and had come
to no resolution thereon.
INCREASE OF DUTIES.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to introduce a bill to provide for the
payment of outstanding Treasury notes, to au-
thorize a loan, to fix the duties on imports, and
for other purposes.
Objection was made by several members.
Mr. PHILLIPS. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. JONES, of Tennessee. I rise to a question
of'order. There is not a quorum present; and the
Chair cannot entertain the motion.
Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. I desire to intro-
duce a resolution, setting apart two days for the
consideration of territorial business.
Mr. McdUEEN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
five o'clock, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, Febiuary 15, 1859.
Prayer by Rev. F. X. Boyle.
ThcJournalofyesterday was read andapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate, a copy of the topographical memoir and map
of Colonel Wright's late campaign against the In-
dians in Oregon and Washington; which, on mo-
tion of Mr: Davis, was ordered to lie on the table;
and a motion by him to print it was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. Allen, its Cleik, announced that the
House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 874) estab-
lishing certain post roads; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a memo-
rial of the Legislature of the Territory of New
j Mexico, praying that appropriations may be
■ made for military roads in that Tenitoi y; which,
I on motion of Mr. Davis, was referred to the
1 Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. DAVIS presented a petition of citizens of
I Mississippi, praying the establishment of a mail
I route from the Marion station, on the Mobile
i and Ohio lailioad, to Philadelphia, in that state;
! which was referred to the Committee on the Post
J Otlice anil Post Roads.
1 Mr. GREEN presented icsolutions of the Le-
; gislature of Missoun, lelative to an amount due
