1032
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
that State on account of the two per cent, upon
the proceeds of the sales of the public lands
within its limits; which were ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Mr HARLAN presented a petition of citizens
of Dubuque and Iowa counties, in Iowa, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Cascade
to Wyoming; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. FOOT presented a petition of citizens of
Orleans county, Vermont, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route from. Newport to North
Troy, in that county, which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. PUG-H presented a petition of citizens of
New York, praying the passage of a law to pre-
Tent all further traffic in, and monopoly of, the
public lands, and that they be laid out in farms
or lots for the free and exclusive use of actual set-
tlers only; which was ordered to lie on the table.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I rise to move to suspend the
prior orders for the purpose of taking up the con-
sular and diplomatic appropriation bill, in order
to ask the Senate to work upon it until one o'clock;
at which time the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Crittenden] will have the floor on the Cuba
question.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
that requires unanimous consent, until petitions
and reports are through with.
Mr, HUNTER. We can postpone all prior
orders by the vote of a majority. I think that
has always been the course heretofore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. One of the rules of
the Senate requires the Chair, immediately after
the reading of the Journal, to call for petitions
and reports from committees. The Chair has
always acted on *hat.
Mr. HUNTER. The practice, I think, has
been the other way; but, if it requires unanimous
consent, I ask that. Certainly, appropriation bills
are more important than anything else, and we
could probably nearly dispose of the bill by one
o'clock.
Mr. SEWARD. I cannot consent to that.
Mr. MALLORY. I object to it, for one. I do
not think it is in the power of the majority to
suspend the standing rules of the Senate in this
way.
Mr. BIGLER. So soon as memorials and re-
ports shall be through with, the motion can be
made.
Mr. HUNTER. I only say the result will be
that if we debate the Cuba question all day after
one o'clock,and will not allow the morning hour
for the appropriation bills, we shall adjourn with-
out passing them, or we shall have to pass them
all as fast as they can be read, a little before the
adjournment, without consideration, or without
the least hope of doing anything to improve or
amend them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports are in or-
der.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARLAN, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the petition of
William Collicott, praying remuneration for losses
sustained by him in an entry of land, through the
errors of Government officers, reported a bill (S.
No. 580) authorizing William Collicott, or his le-
gal representatives, to enter a quarter section of
the public lands; which was read, and passed to
a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
Was referred the bill (S, No. 551) legalizing cer-
tain entries of lands on Leavenworth Island, in
the State of Missouri, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. SKUASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, submitted a report on the memorial
of Peter P. Pitchlynn and others, Choctaw dele-
gates, accompanied by the following resolution:
Whereas, the eleventh article of the treaty of the 2Jd of
June, 18,'m. with the < hoctaw and Chickasaw Indians,
provide? that the following questions be submitted lor de-
cision to the Senate of the United States: " Fir.-t, whether
the Choctaw* arc entitled to or shall be allowed the pro-
ceeds of the sale of the lands eeded by them to the United
States by the treatv of September *27, 1830, deducting there-
from the coats of their survey and sale, and all just arid
proper expcndimies and payments under trieprovk-ioris of
*aid treaty ; and if so, what puce per acic shall he allows d
to the Choctaws loi ?h<> hnuh remaining unsold, in Older
that a fmal settlement with them may be promptly ctfectcd;
or, second, whether the Choctaws shall be allowed a gross
sum, in further and full satisfaction of all their ehum&, na-
tional and individual, against the United States, and if so,
how much." 4
Resolved, That the Cboctaws be allowed the proceeds of
the sale of such lands as have been sold by the United States
on the —day of —, deducting therefrom the cost of survey
and sale, and all proper expenditures and payments under
said treaty, estimating all the reservations allowed and se-
cured, or the scrip issued in lieu of reservations,ai the rate
nf$l *2T> per acre, and further, that it is the judgmentof the
Senate, that the lands remaining unsold after said period,
are worth nothing after deducting expenses of hale.
Resolicd, That Secretary of the Interior cause an ac-
count to be stated with the Choctaws, showing wliat amount
is due them, according to the above-prescribed principles of
settlement, and repoit the same to Congress.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 512) to establish aline of mail steamers
from New Orleans or Mobile to sundry ports
therein mentioned, on the Gulf of Mexico, re-
ported it with an amendment, and submitted a
report; which was ordered to be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HARLAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a jomtresolution
(S. No. 78) to enable certain railroad companies,
in the Territory of Kansas, to procure the right
of way; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Territories.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
581) to regulate the mileage of the members of
the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, it was
Ordered, That the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Mihtia he duehaiged fmm the further con?ideiation of the
memorial of J. and R. II. Porter, and from the further con-
sideiation of the memorial of Joseph C. Irwin & Co.; and
that the imMnonah&is have leave to withdraw their memo-
rial and papei .
WILLIAM YEARWOOD.
Mr. HARLAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
House bill No. 830, for the relief of William
Yearwood, senior, to report it back without amend-
ment, and recommend its passage.
Mr. BELL. I hope that bill will be put on its
passage at once. It is a plain case. The bill '
proposes to give bounty land to a soldier in the
Mexican war, who has been omitted by mis-
take, on account of there being two men in the
service by the same name—father and son. One
of them has been provided for and the other has
been omitted. There is with the papers a letter
of the Commissioner of the General Land Office
explaining the case; and if any gentleman wants
to hear it, it will not take two minutes.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill
it proposes to direct the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to issue a warrant for one hundred and sixty j
acres of land, to be located pursuant to the pro- j
visions of an act of Congress approved February |
11, 1847, gianting bounty land to certain officers :
and soldicis in the military service of the United i
States, to William Yearwood, sr., father ofWil- |
ham Yearwood, jr., first lieutenant in Captain
Lowry's company, second regiment Tennessee
volunteers,in the Mexican war,who was wounded
at the battle of Cerro Gordo, and died of his
wound on the 24th of April, 1847, leaving neither
wife nor child.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
SENATE LIBRARY.
Mr. MALLORY. I offer the following reso-
lution of inquiry, which I ask may be acted on: J
Resolved. That the Committee on the Lihiaiy be in- j
stiucted to inquire into the expediency of having a suitable j
room lined up lor a Senate library, and the appointment of 1
a proper peis,on to take charge of the same ]
It has passed* the Senate once by unanimous j
consent. I submit it now, and ask action upon j
it. j
Mr. PUGII. I object to the present consider- ■
ation of that resolution. I do not want any new
officers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) Objection being made, the j
resolution lies over, under the rule. I
EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. SLIDELL. I offer a resolution, and ask
for its present consideration:
Resolved, That on Wednesday, the 16th instant, and on
Friday, the 18th instant, the Senate will take a recess ftom
tour and a half to seven o'clock, p. m.
I will state the object of offering this resolution.
There are a number of gentlemen who are desir-
ous of addressing the Senate on the Cuban ques-
tion, and unless this course be adopted, there will
hardly be time for its proper consideration. I
have omitted Thursday, because I have been told
by several Senators that their engagements on that
day will not permit them to be here in the even-
ing. I presume the period has arrived when ev-
erybody will admit it has become necessary that
we should have evening sessions.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution to-
day.
Several Senators objected.
PAY OF THE ARMY.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask the Senate to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 560, to regulate the pay of officers in
the Army; the object being, if the Senate concur
in the bill reported by the Military Committee,
to have it passed before the npproptiation bill for
the Army passes the House of Representatives,
as some reduction of the estimates will ensue,
and a modification of the appropriation bill will be
required as a consequence of passing this bill.
' Mr. REID. I dislike very much to come in
competition with anything the Senator from Mis-
sissippi desires, but (here is a bill before the Sen-
ate, which was reported at the last session, to
amend the several acts now in force in relation
to the Patent Office. It is a bill of a good deal of
importance, and I should like very much to have
it acted upon. I had expected to call it up this
morning. I do not know what length of time
will be consumed in considering the bill which
the Senator from Mississippi proposes to take up.
Mr. DAVIS. None, if I can avoid it.
Mr. REID. I give notice to the Senate that I
shall urge them to take up the bill to which I have
referred, at the first convenient time.
The motion of Mr. Davis was agreed to; and
the Senate proceeded, as m Corr^mittee of the
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 460) to fix
the pay, and regulate the allowances, of officers
of the Army.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. DAVIS. The bill bein^ printed, and on
Senators' desks, unless someoody wishes to
have it read, I suppose gentlemen had better refer
to the printed bill. I ask that the reading of the
bill be suspended, unless some Senator desires it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I think we
had better have it read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be U emitted by the Senate and Howe of Representative*
of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That
ftom and after the passage of this act, the number of rations
allowed toeaeh grade ofcomniis.ejoned officers of the Aimy
by the acts of March 16, J800, April 4-1, 1816, and March 2,
iSS?, shall he commuted at the puce fixed by the act of
Fcbiuarv 21, 1S57, and the amount of .<ueh commutation
shall be added to the pay of cach ollicer. aucoulmg to his
grade, and that theicafter no other commutation lor said
rations shall he allowed.
Sec. 2. And he it fuit'ncr enacted, That the additional
ration allowed to each commissioned otficcr of the Army
for every five yrai  of ins service, by the aet of July 5, 183d,
and the act supplemental theieto of July 7, 1838, shall in
like manner he commuted, and the amount of such commu-
tation shall al«> h< added tothe pay oi -ueh officii, accoid-
10 2 to the leusth of his setvieo: Provided, That said addi-
tional compensation for length of service shall not futther
accumulate alter the period of foiry yeais.
Pec. 3. Jlnd be it further enuctedy That -o much of the
H.xth section of the act of August 23, 18-12, allows addi-
tional or double union* to the commandant of each perma-
nent or filed po-t garrisoned with troops, he, and the same
is hereby, repealed
Sec. 4. *%nd be it. further enacted. That officers having
brevet commission* thall notbe entitled to any increase of
pav or emolument*, because of the exercue of command
according to their hrevct rank.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That officers of the Army
while absent hum their appropriate duties, cither with or
without leave, ?hall not receive the allowances authorized
by the existing laws for servant*, forage, transportation of
baggage, fuel, and quarters, either in kind or m commuta-
tion, nor shall any allowance for .servants or horse-. he here-
after made, either in kind or in commutation, unless such
servants and horses shall havebeen mustered and inspected
at ssueh times and in such maimer as the President may
dnet-t.
f-Lc 6 Jlnd he it farther ewtcd. That all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent heiewith be, and the same axe heieby,
repealed.
