1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
of the officers of the Army was increased. Sir,
if you cut down their pay, you must necessarily
drive out of the service all the best officers of the
Army, and fill it up with mere trash. That will
be the consequence of the amendment if it passes.
Before the increase of pay, a number of the most
intelligent and useful and honorable officers of the
Army were driven out of it, because they could
not support their families and themselves for the
pay then allowed. The price of living, of every-
thing, had advanced so much that the officers
could not maintain themselves, and, therefore,
many were driven out of the Army; and that must
be the result now, if you diminish their pay.
After the increase of their pay, there was a great
reduction of the resignations. The officer# were
content, and staid in the. Army, and are willing
to stfiy in the Army, provided you leave the pay
as it is at present; but the very moment you cut
down the pay to the former standard, the intelli-
gent and useful officers of the Army will resign,
and their places will be filled up by men willing
to take a mere pittance for the purpose of having
employment at all; men wholly unqualified to do
credit to the country and honor to themselves. I
trust the amendment will not pass.
Mr. PUGH. We had a surplus in the Treas-
ury at that time, and the country was in a general
state of prosperity. 1 suppose that helped to
make the price of living much higher than before.
Now the country is in a state of embarrassment,
and, I take it, the expenses of living have sub-
sided a little. Ins very singular that the expenses
of living of public officers are the orfly expenses
that never come down. As I heard a very intel-
ligent Representative from Virginia say in the
other House, if you take the statement of mem-
bers of Congress, you would imagine that the
prices of living were rising every minute. Our
constituents have had to retrench, and I think it
is high time for us to retrench, and for all other
public officeis. The expenses of the Army and
the pay of the Army have become such that the
people are alarmed, and with reason alarmed.
The pay of the lieutenant general exceeds that
of any officcrof the Government except the Pres-
ident. The pay of a major general is greater
than the pay of the Vice President, or any mem-
ber of the Cabinet. The pay of a brigadier gen-
eral is greater than that of any Cabinet officer, or
of the Chief Justice of the United States. And
where are all these officers ? There are three corps
here, in this city, that ought to be abolished, or
reduced into one. They are holding civil em-
ployments, many of them; and I tell you, Sena-
tors, you will never reduce the expenses of the
quartermaster's department until you put Army
officers out of it and put it in the hands of civil-
ians. It is a duty to be performed by civilians;
and, when they send us enormous estimates for
the transportation of the Army, I want power to
hold the officer accountable for such acts; but, as
long as you leave that department and the com-
missary's department in the hands of officers
with commissions for life, you may talk retrench-
ment until doomsday afternoon, but you will not
accomplish it.
Here is a corps of engineers, and a corps of
topographical engineers; and what for? Half the
number of officers could do the duties of both.
And here is a corps of ordnance, to perform a
duty that in nearly every other service, as 1 am
informed, is perfoimed by the artillery. "YVh do
not want these regiments; they are unnecessary.
The Senator from Georgia says that Army of-1
ficers have retired. They will retire whenever !
they can make more at any other employment; i
and I do not doubt that a great many of them have }
been offered employment as civil engineers by I
railroad companies, and by others, and have re- !
signed. I have no doubt you couid keep them j
all in the service if you increase the pay; but the \
Senator says we shall have incompetent officers. !
How will that be? Nine-tenths of them have !
passed through the Military Academy; and if that!
does not make them competent, let us abolish the !
academy. But it is the old story from the first. ■
We can retrench all the time, until we come to j
the interests of individuals. I think this is the !
time to begin, and I say again, 1 acknowledge '
that we ought to begin athome;and ifthisamend- j
ment carues, 1 shall bring in a bill to reduce the |
pay of members of Congiess. v t
Mr. "WILSON. 1 hope that the Senator from :
Ohio will withdraw the amendment. This bill
has been carefully prepared by the Committee on
Military Affairs. It is a bill for retrenchment. It
will reduce expenditures. It is a good bill, that
ought to receive the sanction and approval of
every member of Congress. If we load it down
with a proposition of this character, I fear the bill
will not become a law at this session. I would
suggest to the Senator from Ohio, who takes gen-
erally, on questions of expenditure, a position that
I can follow and approve, to withdraw his amend-
ment, introduce it as a separate bill, or'^ut it, if
he can, on the Army appropriation bill, or some-
where else. This is a bill well prepared, care
fully guarded. It will introduce a real reform,
and I hope no amendment will be made that will
prevent its receiving the sanction of Congress at
this session.
Mr. MALLORY I feel an interest in this
subject, because I know that the pay of a sister-
service will have to be increased at the next ses-
sion of Congress, if the country designs to keep
up a Navy. I think the Senator from Ohio is
entirely mistaken in his statements. I do not
know from what table he gets his information of
the exorbitant amount of pay given to the officers
of the Army; but he is mistaken, and I will assure
him of it. If he will consult the table properly
made out on this subject, he will find that it is so.
There has been a great notion that the officers of
the Army are receiving extravagant pay. You
had them down to starvation point; you had thenv
in a condition where to live they had to quit your
service; and the higher the talent, and the more
efficient the officer, the greater the probability was
that you would lose him: in other words, the very
officers you desired to retain in your service were
those who could find better employment out of it;
and now, the pay they have barely furnishes them
with the means of living. No officer of the Army
can save anything for a rainy day. None of them
can lay up money.
Mr. PUGH. I will state to the Senator from
Florida that I got my information as to their pay
from the official sources of the War Department.
It is carried out m figures of pay and allowances.
I understand that the Navy officers get a fixed
salary. The Army officers get their pay in a way
that Congress can never understand.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Florida will
allow me, I will say to the Senator from Ohio, he
adds in, to make up that gross sum, allowances
which are made and which do not equal the ex-
penditure devolved by the act from which the al-
lowances flow. As the officer is required to do a
particular thing, a certain sum of money is given
to him, and that sum of money does not cover the
expense incurred in performing the duty, and yet
it is added in making up that report.
Mr. PUGH. It may be; but I take the Sena-
tor's report at the time he was Secretary of War,
and at that time I find that a brigadier general's
pay exceeded $8,000 a year.
Mr. DAVIS. You took a report which was
made under the instructions of Congress, and that
does not reach results fit for legislation. Those
reports are made every year, and are delusive in
their character, because Congress required them
to be made in that form.
Mr. MALLORY. A printed paper has been
circulated, well calculated to deceive the public as
to the amount of pay the officers of the Army re-
ceive, by taking the greatest possible amount
which an officer of the Army can receive as com-
mutation and as double rations—sums which he
has expended before he has received the money,
and putting that down as his whole pay.
Mr. DAVIS. I have a table heie, which is
authentic, and which I would like the Senator
from Ohio to read. The little pamphlet he is
looking for will not give him the information on
winch he ought to act. I tell the Senator from
Ohio that if lie finds the little pamphlet I handed
to the Senator from New Hampshire, it will not
give him the information on which he could act.
He will find there commuted how much an officer
received for traveling. If he travels on the remote
frontier, the expense entailed by the journey will
exceed the allowance of ten cents a mile—exactly
what he receives. He will find there stated, in
dollars and cents, the amount allowed to him for
forage. The Senator knows that if he keeps a
pair of horses m this city, it will cost him thnty-
six dollars a month; and an officer of the Army,
for keeping two, receives but sixteen dollars. He
has then to pay twenty dollars more than he re-
ceives; he has to buy the horse and equip him at
his own expense, and take all the hazard of his
loss. It is not an emolument, and he will find that
the aggregate sum on which he relies is made up
exactly of such cases as this.
Here is a table in which, even adding the for-
age, and adding all allowances, except the service
ration, fuel and quarters, and traveling allow-
ances, the pay of a brigadier, which the Senator
exalts above that of our Presiding Officer, is car-
ried out by the Paymaster General at $3,904. In
this sum are included-all allowances commuted,
except the occasional allowance for fuel and quar-
ters and traveling allowance. These are allow-
ances for which he gets nothing, unless he trav-
els under orders from superior authority; or
unless he is unable to get public quarters, and is
compelled to occupy private quarters. As to the
service allowance, it is one which comes*in the
train of long service; and is one of the best modes
of compensation which the Government could
adopt. It enables them, in time of peace, to retain
their most valuable officers, by giving the in-
creased pay-due to length of service; and in time
of war, when we are compelled to support a large
army, it enables us to support it at the low rate
of pay which exists when that service allowance
is stricken off*? It is a wise scheme devised for
adequate payment at a time when the high in-
ducements -which belong to the glories to be
reaped in war do not exist; and which yet leaves
the low scale of pay when war comes, and large
armies must be supported.
The Senator's criticism in relation to the staff
is quite unjust. It is that special training of the
staff which has given such efficiency to our Army.
The Senator knows from experience how, in a
foreign country, destitute of supplies, there was
not a marching column that was not followed by
a commissariat equal to all its wants. Where,
in the history of foreign warfare, does a parallel
case exist, and to what is this to be attributed-1
The efficiency of the commissariat and quarter-
master's department. Alike unjust is his criti-
cism on the engineers. That there may be some
of them not quite efficient—that some reduction
would ensue if all the inefficient officers were
stricken off—is true; but that they are not in ex-
cess, is shown in the constant employment re-
quired of every officer of the corps who is able
to do duty.
Still less can he defend his criticism on the ord-
nance corps; and when he points to other ser-
vices, where the duties of the ordnance corps are
performed by the artillery, let me tell him that
the British service came here to learn how to make
their small arms, and went into our armories to
get the instruction, and carried home the plans of
our machines. They sought from our Govern-
ment, and obtained as a favor, models of our
small arms to carry home for the imitation of
their Government. Never, in any country, was
an ordnance service brought to a higher state of
perfection than in our own; not even the French,
where they are trained through schools of appli-
cation, and where their small arms show a very
great deficiency compared with those of the Uni-
ted States. That something of this is due to the
inventive genius and the mechanical skill of our
people, I admit; butit requires the directing mind
and practical genius of ordnance officers to apply
these, and bring about such results as the United
States have attained.
This wild hand of retrenchment, that walks in
witliouteXcimination,and attempts to sweep away
imaginary difficulties, will always bring in its
train far greater evils than it was possible to re-
move. It is not by taking a table prepared to sat-
isfy the inquiry of Congress as to whether there
be abuses in relation to transportation and the
commutation of fuel and quarters, that the pay of
the Army is to be learned. The officer on duty
with troops gets no commutations of this kind.
The officer on the remote frontier, living under
canvas, or living under a hut which he helps to
eiect, has no commutation of fuel and quarters.
The troops get their fuel, and they live in such
tenements as they can provide for themselves.
Here and there an isolated case may be found,
few in comparison with the whole body of troops,
wheio there is a large amount of travel by an of-
ficer during the year. Remember this is always
