1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
done under orders; it is not at the option of the
officer; and when he changes his station he loses
thereby all the furniture he had collected at the
place where he was serving, and is compelled to
satisfy himself hy the difference between sale there
and purchase at the place to which he is ordered.
It is not an emolument. It is delusive, J repeat,
to take these tables and present them as any
measure of the pay which officers of the Army
receive. At the service of the Senator, I offer
this table, prepared at the office of the Paymaster
General, and here he will learn that these extrav-
agant allowances of which he speaks do not ex-
ist in fact. There he will see that even when
commuted, allowances which entail expenditure,
instead of being an emolument, reach no such
sum as he has stated.
Mr. PUGB. Mr. President, do T understand
the Senator from Mississippi to say that although
we pay a brigadier general, as stated in the doc-
ument read by the Senator from New Hampshire,
over eight thousand dollars a year, only $3,000 is
his pay proper?
Mr. DAVIS. There is his pay proper; there
are ail his rations commuted; all the compensa-
tion he receives for service, all the compensation
he leceives for forage of his horses, commuted
and carried out into the last column of this tabic.
There is nothing beyond that, save fuel and quar-
ters, and traveling allowances, and service rations,
which a brigadier general does not get at all under
the old law, and which, under this, it is proposed
to give him.
Mr. PUGH. Now, then, it is perfectly cer-
tain, that, according to.the warrants paid at the
Treasury office, there is paid out, on pretense of
compensating a brigadiergenerai,overeight thou-
sand dollars a year.
Mr. DAVIS. Not compensation.
Mr. PUGirl. Well, there is paid out, under
pretense of keeping a brigadier general in exist-
ence, in some shape or form, over eight thousand
dollars a year.
Mr. DAVIS. It does not matter whether he
is a brigadier general or a second lieutenant, if
he travels under orders, he gets ten cents a mile.
Transportation does not belong to his grade.
Mr. PUGH. Here are two officers, named
General Wool and General Smith, and to keep
them in our service, during the fiscal year, over
eight thousand dollars was paid; paid on their sig-
nature for their expenses or their salaries—I do
not care how you put it. They cost us that, they
and their services; and yet the Senator says only
$3,904 50 was their pay proper. Thus it appears
that the allowances are immensely greater than
the pay—like the interest on some of the claims
which is much greater than the principal.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senator will probably
have his errors corrected if he will turn 
Mr. PUGH. I am always happy to be cor-
rected.
Mr. DAVIS. The error will be corrected if
you turn to the pamphlet itself. Here are three
brigadiers general in commission. The first has
$8,854 52 carried out opposite his name; the sec-
ond has $3,433 66 opposite his name; the third
$8,179 89 opposite his name. The difference in
these sums ought to have warned the Senator
that this is not salary, and ought to have induced
him to look for the manner in which it arose. If
he had looked he would have found that one got
$500, another §4G1 80, and the third $86 for trans-
portation of baggage; that is, the officer traveling
under orders wbeie it may have cost him more,
or may have coat him less, got that amount for
that specific thing. Then he would have found
under the head of quarters, that one had $684,
another $83 35, another $144. This results from
the fact of one of them always occupying private
quarters, for which he got a commutation allow-
ance, sometimes, perhaps, at too high rates—I do
not pretend to justify it; the next occupying fre-
quently public quarters, in which he got no com-
mutation; the other sometimes occupying public
quarters, for which lie got no commutgion; and
hence the difference. Then for fuel, one had
$521, another ^>9 31, another $281 97. The one
who got $9 3i was generally on duty with troops,
and therefore did not get commutation allowance
for fuel.
Would not the Senator infer, from all this, that
the last column was no: salary, and that his atten-
tion ought to be turned to the next? When he
reached the next,finding a great difference, what
should he have inquired into? Into the items
makingupthesqeond aggregate. There he would
have found forage, and there he would have
learned that forage is commuted at eight dollars
per month, and that an officer must be stationed
m a favorable location if he can support his horse
for eight dollars per month; instead of which, he
is sometimes stationed at a place—Fort Laramie,
for instance—where corn is not unfrequently
worth five dollars per bushel. How, then, does he
treat this as emolument, and add it up in the gross
amount of the officer's pay? There is also the
allowance for servants. The Senator knows if
he hires servants in this city, he must pay for
them more than the allowance of the officer. The
rest is composed of rations and pay, and these
two together constitute, in fact, the emoluments
of the officer, and make no such sum.
Mr-. PUGH. I do not design to be led so far
astray—not that I impute any such design to the
.Senator—from the remarks I intended to make,
into the question of how, in point of fact, these
allowances or emoluments are made up. I con-
sider that my argument is strengthened by the
suggestion which the Senator himself has made,
that here is one officer of the Army allowed about
six hundred dollars a year for house rent or quar-
ters, and another but nine dollars a year; and
yet 
Mr. DAVIS. Did the Senator hear me state
why that was so ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir; the Senator said one of
them was allowed public quarters, and the other
was paid for house rent. That was the amount
of it. The reason the expenditures of the Army
have increased to their present enormous propor-
tions is just exactly the fact that their accounts
•are made up so that no peison, except an Army
officer, can understand them. The Navy is made
up by fixed sums; you abolished all the rations
and emoluments of the Navy; you gave them so
much on duty, and so much off duty; but when
you come to touch the pay of the Army, their pay
proper is but a song, and their allowances are
like the commentaries of Lord Coke upon Little-
ton; they are greater than the original itself. When
the proposition was made, in 1857, at the time
this act was passed, by the Senator from Virginia,
[Mr. Hunter,] to give Army officers salaries, so
that Congress could^know what they really did
receive, it was hooted out of this Chamber alto-
gether. It is immaterial to me whether the officer
travels under orders, or without orders. It is per-
fectly evident that it costs the Government more
for a brigadier general than it does for the Chief
Justice of the United States. They are very ex-
pensive institutions; and J think they Require the
amending hand—not only the brigadiers, but the
majors.
Is there any other officer of the Government
whose expenses we pay in addition to his salary ?
Do we pay the expenses of the Secretary of State,
and then his salary besides? Why should we do
it with the Army5 Why not give them a gross
sum for their services and their expenses ? Make
it anything you please, that is reasonable. It is
peifectly certain that the gross amount of these
sums, is unreasonable.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me, I
think I can coirect an error into which he cer-
tainly falls, or I am more deceived than I ever
was on such a question. If his proposition were
accepted what would be the result? Either that
we adopt the pay which is sufficient for an officer
who does not travel, and therefore render it im- j
proper to order an officer to travel, as he would \
not have the means to go; or else we adopt a pay ;
which will cover the traveling expenses, and run j
up the gross aggregate to a sum we cannot afford .
to appropriate. ;
Mr. PUGH. If the Secretary of War chooses
to abuse the discretion reposed in him, and keep j
the officers traveling all the time, I do not know j
that there is any way to stop it, unless you im- ■
peach him. :
Mr. DAVIS. How many cases do you find ,
of any lars;e allowance for trnvel ? !
Mr. PUGH. 1 think the sums to these two
brigadier generals were very large. .
Mr. DAVIS. But those aie two eases. I
Mr. PUGH. 1 know they are two cases; but ,
they are two cases out of thiee, for there are but j
three brigadiers. But the Senator slates that i
while the officer is on service in the field, when
his expenses are greater and his services are
greater, he gets no allowance for fuel and quar-
ters; but when he comes to Washington city, to
spend his time here in the arduous campaign duty
of attending dinner parties and the like, then he
gets fuel and quarters.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. PUGH. I understood the Senator so. .
Mr. DAVIS. No.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator accounted for the
difference by saying one officer was in the field.
I am sorry to have misunderstood my fneod.
Mr. DAVIS. An officer on leave gets ho al-
lowance for fuel and quarters, and never did.
Mr. PUGH. Are the officers in Washington
city on leave? ,
Mr. DAVIS. Some of them are; a great many
of them are.
Mr. PUGH. Very few of them, judgingfrom.
the pay table, are.
Mr. DAVIS. But the Senator has not labored
the subject, or he would not speak as he'does.
The pay table contains nothing about fuel and
quarters". It is obtained from the Paymaster Gen-
eral; and you do not find in that table anything
about fuel and quarters. It is not a part of that
sum which they derive from the paymaster, or
from the appropriation for the pay of the Army.
Mr. PUGH. I know that.
Mr. DAVIS. It is idle to go there to look for it.
Mr. PUGH. That is just what I complain of,
that here the paymaster undertakes to give them
a certain gross sum of money, and tables are
brought, and we, in our simplicity, might sup-
pose that was all they got; but we find the Quar-
termaster Genera! paying 
Mr. DAVIS. I am sorry to interrupt the Sen-
ator, but he would be exceedingly simple, indeed,
if, when it is arranged in columns, with a head to
each column, he would infer something not writ-
ten there.
Mr. PUGH. I would infer this: here it is:
" Table shewing the amounts received by the sev-
eral grades of officers of the United States Army
for pay and emoluments; also the allowances to
which they are entitled for servants and horses,
if actually kept in the service." The Senator
with his very great experience, not only in the
field, but in the War Department, might under-
stand that; but, I venture to say, that nine Sen-
ators out of ten here present, reading that cap-
tion, would suppose this table showed all the
officers got. The act of 1857 added to the pay,
proper, of every officer in the Army; it increased
the price of the ration 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will only read this
table, I think he will speak differently.
Mr. PUGH. It has a note: " In addition to
the above, there is allowed service rations to offi-
cers of the Army, which, by commutation, give
increase to the pay of officers now on service, as
follows, &c." 1 do not object to the service ra-
tion; but that is not all. Fuel and quarters are
still to come, and they come from the quarter-
master's department.
Mr. DAVIS. And there are the traveling al-
lowances. As the Senator is m pursuit of inform-
ation, let me tell him the transportation is paid
by the Quartermaster General also.
Mr. PUGH. Very well. It makes no differ-
ence to me under what name it is paid; that is
perfectly immaterial; it is money paid out of the
Treasury of the United States; that is certain.
The name does not help it. 1 say that if we are.
compelled to pay for the institution of a brigadier
general, in any shape or form, more money than
to the Vice President of the United States, it is
high time that the business was overhauled. It is
paid, too, in the most objectionable place. These
sums are paid through the quartermaster's de-
partment; and I say again you will never h.ave
the expenses of the Army reduced any calculable
sum, while you allow the quaitermaster's depart-
ment to remain in the hands of an Army officer,
with a commission fur life.
I said that I did not think there was any use
for tne engineers. I do not. The Senator says
they are all employed. Yes, you can employ
the'm all. Here is one of them employed in the
Capuol, discharging the duty of an architect or
superintendent. There is another one employed
at the Treasury building, discharging that duty.
Is that what we keep up the Military Academy
