10S6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
for? Is that what we educate officers for, at so
great an expense? I thought we were educating
them to fight the Indians, or to fight the foreign
enemy. Instead of that, it seems we are educating:
them to take care of the public buildings; and ft
is my deliberate judgment that the enormous ex-
penses of this Government in extending this Cap-
itol, in constructing the water works, the Treas-
ury extension, the Post Office building, and all
the custom-houses throughout the land, come
from the fact they are in the hands of Army offi-
cers. That is what causes ali this extravagance.
They might have been built much cheaper and
much better; but it is because you have nothing
else to do with these engineers that you put them
there. You find employment for them, and then
they find employment for the public money; arid
so each helps the other. Now, for the duties
of engineers, whether the engineer corps proper
or the topographical engineers, I say that if the
Senate will look to the engineers of this country,
in peace or in war, of the Army service proper,
there are more than twice as many of these officers
as we have any need for, and they ought to be
retrenched.
The Senator from Mississippi admits, as I un-
derstand him, that the ordnance service is per-
formed in other armies by the artillery. He says
it is not as well performed. Perhaps not; but as
we are very poor just now, I think we can afford
to stand with the oidnance service as well per-
formed as u is performed in the armies of Great
Britain and France. I have seen no compensa-
tion equivalent to the expense of keeping up a
separate corps, when we already have four regi-
ments of artillery. The Senator if I understand,
while he was Sccrotary of War, proposed to re-
trench in these particulars himself, proposed-to
consolidate the regiments of artillery into batte-
ries, turning some of the officers and men into
the infantry service. That was not attended to.
At that time we had plenty of money and did not
care much.
I know vciy well that it is an ungracious place
for a man to stand. I have no enmity to the offi-
cers of the Army, none in the world; but I am
satisfied that from year to year this system goes
on, until, compared with the amount of public
money squandered, we have no justification at all
for it, and all of it needs retrenchment. There is
no place where the knife ought not to be put. It
ought to be put to the pay of the officers; it ought
to be put to the officers of the Army—I mean the
supernumeraries who are about here; it ought to
be put into the comrmssary'sdepartment, and the
quartermaster general's depaitment, and they
ought to be taken from the hands of Army offi-
cers and put, like all other depaitments of tins
Government, into the hands of civilians. I have
no hope that it will be done; but still, as these
are the days of retrenchment, and we arc all
making our propositions, f wish to know how
our retrenchment will go into effect.
Mr. DAVIS. I shail not undertake to follow
the Senator from Ohio through the very wide
range of remark he has taken, hut one or two
points I think it proper to nonce. I teil him, so
far from an engineer officer being put in charge
of the Capitol extension for want ot employment
elsewhere, that engineer officer was taken from
other and very active duty: and he was put in
charge of the Capitol extension because of the
examinations of ihe Committee of the Senate,
which found the foundations of the Capitol e\-
• tension to be so bad as to be pronounced unreli-
able, and a more skillful constructor was there-
fore brought to improve the foundations, and to
construct the building. That examination did
more: it not only showed the constiuction to be
bad, but more than indicated that there was an
improper application of the money appropriated.
Now, sir, I will say to the Senator, that if he
will look over the accounts of expenditure for the
Capitol extension, he may jay his hand, if he
pleases, upon places where the buiiding has been
made too good or ton fine; not where anything
has been spent beyond the lowest sum which
would effect the end that was reached. lie might
have been content with a poorer building: hemight
have been satisfied with brick instead of marble
columns; he might have been satufied with plain
wainscoting instead of what ia here; but if—and
I thought k was a just American pudi—we weie
to have a building as fine as any prince or poten-
tate; if the extension of the American Capitol
should mark the progress of American art in our
day, then, I hold, we have not gone too far, and
the money has been economically expended. I
would ask the Senator how he expects to save
anything by making military officers perform ord-
nance duty ?
Mr. PUGH. I would dispense with one corps.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator reduces the num-
ber of artillery regiments, and thus gets officers
disposable from their companies, I grant he might
use those officers for ordnance purposes, and he
would make exactly the same saving that he
would have effected if he had stricken an artil-
lery corps from the register of the Army. He
then, I say,gains nothing by his proposed change
in the form of economy. To take young officers
from the artillery who display particular talent
for ordnance duty and put them in the corps, in-
stead of taking them from their graduating 'condi-
tion, would, I believe, be an improvement. To
convert artillery regiments into batteries would, I
believe, be an improvement, but I do not see that
it would be a saving of money. Dollar for dollar,
I do not see that the expense would not be exactly
the same.
Then, the Senator says he will save something
by cutting off traveling allowances. I asked him
how? He did not tell me.
Mr. PUGH. I said 1 could not cut them off if
the Secretary of War had unlimited discretion to
give them an order to travel; but I hope when the
appropriation bills come along, we shall put some
curb on the Secretary of War in that respect.
Mr. DAVIS. The Secretary of War some-
times gives an order to an officer to travel, but
rarely. Those orders are usually given by su-
perior officers elsewhere, who are accountable
for the propriety of the order. Two brigadier
generals are selected as having traveled a great
deal. Why they traveled I do notknow; but sup-
pose they traveled withoutsufficient justification,
suppose it to have been unnecessary that they
should travel so much, are you therefore to de-
prive an officer ofthe allowance which enables him
to travel, when it is necessary he should do so,
when the public interest requires it? It comes
back to my first proposition, that the executive
department alone can correct that. They must
have the power to send officers; they must have
the power to order them to, go where the public
interests require; and if they order more to go
than is proper, or send them where they are not
needed, it is beyond the reach of legislation, ex-
cept as you strike at the officer who has thus vio-
lated his trust. There is no other way to reach
it. Then, I ask the Senator again, if headheres
to his favorite idea of a salary, whether he pro-
poses to pay the expense actually incurred by
traveling?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. He does not propose to pay the
expense actually incurred m traveling; and he
does not propose to give the officer a commuted
allowance for that expense. Then, I ask him,
how has he the right to have an officer go ? If he
is abked to go he answers, " I am on duty here
with a dozen others, I have no more pay than suf-
fices to support me; why select me out to perform
this duty;" and it is not a sufficient excuse be-
cause of your ability.
Mr. PUGH. I say I would give him, as we
eive other officers, a salary for his whole time
and services, here and elsewhere.
Mr. DAVIS. A salary that will cover his ex-
penses ?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS. Then you must raise the salary
of every Airny officer, and increase your appro-
priation for the Army some twenty per cent. In-
stead of the pay now given to the brigadier gen-
eral, the proposition of the Senator would be to
find how much two brigadier generals had trav-
eled, and give them one and the same allowance.
It is the only way you can reach it in a salary
form. They have got-the increased amount by
actual travel. You say now they get too much.
1 ask you if you are going to provide for travel
otherwise? You say no; this is the proper man-
ner. Then 1 say you are to raise the other biig-
adieis to theirstandaid; you cannot cut them down
to his, this being an actual expense incurred, and
thru- pay and allowances otherwise being the
same as his. The Senator savs ten cents a mite
in certain localities is too high a commutation.
It may be reduced in certain localities, but the
same equity demands that it shall be increased
where the expense of traveling is more than ten
cents a mile.
Now, as we are on the subject of retrenchment,
I call the Senator's attention to this fact: We re-
ceive forty cents a mile, and we receive it by the
usually traveled route. An officer of the Army
receives ten cents a mile by the shortest mail
route, and I once knew the case of an officer of
the Army who traveled in company with a Sen-
ator from one of the western towns to New York,
and the allowance of the Senator while they trav-
eled together was exactly for double the number
of miles of the officer of the Army, and four times
the commuted allowance per mile. We had bet-
ter begin at home.
Mr. PUGH. I propose to begin at home and
abroad both.
Mr. DAVIS. When you reduce Senators'
transportation to ten cents a mile by the shortest
mail route, and when the Senator tries that for
one or two trips'from Washington to Ohio and
back again, he will come to the conclusion that
officers of the Army receive now little enough for
their travel.
Mr. PUGH. The House has abolished mile-
age, and I think it is a very good amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. That is exactly that sort of econ-
omy for which I cannot feel the least respect—
striking out the allowance for mileage in the ap-
propriation bill, with a foreknowledge that it
comes back, in the form of a deficiency, next
year; that every man will get it, dollar for dollar.
It is trifling with the subject.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator fiom
Ohio.
Mr. PUGH. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. POLK. I should like to know what the
amendment is ?
The Secretary read the amendment; which is,
to strike out all after the enacting clause of the
first section of the bill, and insert:
That the act entitled "An act to increase the pay of the
officers ofthe Army," approved February 21, 1857. be, and
the same isheieby. repealed; and, from and after the 3 )th
day of Juno, 18,")9/the pay and allowances of the officers
of the Army, including military storekeepers and chaplain?,
he that prescribed by the laws formerly in force, except ay
hereinafter provided.
Mr. KING. I would willingly vote for this
proposition of the Senator from Ohio, if it could
be presented by itself; but the bill originally pre-
sented from the Committee on Military Affairs is,
in my judgment, a good bill, it will save several
hundred thousand dollars a year, and, I think, if
permitted to stand by itself, it will pass. My
reason for refusing to vote for this amendmentas
an addition to the bill is, that I believe it -will over-
ride it and defeat the passage of both. I will vote
for both of them separately, and let them stand
on their separate merits. I prefer to do something
rather than talk a great deal and accomplish noth-
ing.
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall vote for this amend-
ment of the Senator from Ohio with a great deal
of pleasure. He has struck at the only way that
I know of in which we can remedy this evil by
legislation. 1 put it upon the principle that the
compensation of the officeis ot the Army is too
great. It is more than the like amount of talent
can obtain in any ofthe employments of life, and,
therefore, it is on a wrong basis. You take a boy
of sixteen years and semi him to West Point and
educate him, and when he comes out, you put
him into the engineer corps, or into a regiment,
and give him $1,400 a year. In the course of a
few years you carry him up to $2,500, to $3,000,
to $4,000, to $6,000, to $8,000. Take the general
employments of the youths of the country who
are educated at the different colleges-for all civil
purposes. You may take the highest amount of
intellect, the highest amount of genius, and you
get noting like any such average there. Look
throughout all your States, put them in the pur-
suits of life in the most favorable condition, and
you will find that they will not be worth for the
Jhst year half that money. It will take them, or-
dinauly, in more than two thirds of the States of
this Unu>n, I warrant you, five years before they
can make that much money.
Then, why should we pay thesu officeis so
