1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1037
much ? Is there anything requiring any particu-
lar genius to go into the military service of the
country? We had no use for them for forty years,
except to fight the Indians, and in a short war
with Mexico; and at the beginning of that war I
think we had a little more than six thousand men.
You had to call forth my friend from Ohio, and
other patriotic citizens throughout the Republic,
to carry on that war; and I would not have our
battles fought by anybody else, if I could. It is
true, I have not been able to get any one here
to agree with me; but I would not have one reg-
ular soldier in the Army of the United States. I
know them to be unnecessary; I know them to
be useless; I know them to be hurtful to the pub-
lic; but if, against my wishes, you will have them,
I will put their salaries upon the true basis; and
that is, to pay them what the same description of
talent in the United States is worth.
The Senator from Mississippi, in answering my
friend fiom Ohio, speaks of our position; and he
says lie should commence at home. That is a
general way to preventa reformation of all abuses.
Probably a great many gentlemen who would go
for this would not vote for that. But a brigadier
general's compensation is now greater, year by
year, than that of a Senator. I think it requires
as great qualifications to govern this country, as
it does to be a brigadier general and command a
brigade, especially in time of peace, which, as I
said, existed for forty years, and, in fact, has ex-
isted ever since the Revolution, with the excep-
tion of five or six years. A man who enters the
Army may expect to attain a generalcy, if he lives
long enough, and gets an occasional increase of
the force. It has increased far beyond the wants
of the country,and, for this reason, you educate
them under your vicious system of appointment;
it is not the fault of the Army. Members of Con-
gress, from the different districts, appoint them;
and they are generally associated in some way, as
brothers, sons, or cousins, with the governing
power. It is natural and honorable in them to
want promotion. Admitting them to be governed
by the most patriotic motives, it is a very proper
object for their ambition; but I say, when you ed-
ucate lieutenants at your own expense, a salary
of $600 or $700 a year would bo fully equal to the
value of that much character and education and
talent in the civil pursuits of life in the United
States, on the average. A position in the Army
s worth a great deal more. It shackles accidents,
and bolts up change. It is for life.
I have notgone into a minute estimate since the
new regulations; but I presume, according to the
way in which the value of a commission is valued
in England, the commission of a lieutenant in the
Army, who graduates at West Point and goes
into the engineer corps, cannot be worth less than
$,50,000. 1 should suppose it to be worth that
much, looking to general principles, and the mode
of estimating the value of a commission in the
British service, according to the actual prices of
things with reference to the value of money, the
amount they get as lieutenants, captains, majors,
and colonels, and the chances for promotion.
That is to say, taking all the elements of what is
called the regulation price in England, a commis-
sion in our Army cannot be worth a dollar under
$50,000. We can, in my judgment, get men
cheapcr than to educate them at the public ex-
pense, and hand them over a commission whose
market value is worth $50,000.
I have stated that the lieutenant's pay in my
opinion is too great. So the pay of the captain
is far beyond what the same talent and intellect
will get in the oidinary pursuits of life. One half
the States of this Union, where they require the
highest intellectual ability, the highest integrity,
the highest qualities a man can nave to sit as a
judge—and many of the gentlemen around me
have occupied for a large portion of their lives
those honorable stations—do not pay them more
than fifteen or sixteen hundred dollars a year,
with no allowance for traveling expenses. I think
&2,000 for a circuit judge would be the average
pi ice in the United States; in fact that sum is
rather above it so far as my general observation
goes; I have not brought it down to minuteness;
I am only giving an approximation according to
my general knowledge of the country. Take the
other pursuits of life; take medicine, take the
learned professions, take scientific pursuits, and
I say there is no class of men that I know of in
the United States who are paid anything like the
amount paid to our Army officers. I say, then, I
will cut down their salaries because they are too
high, because they are above the value of that
sort of talent. I do this with no opposition to the
Army, with no desire not to give its officers every
dollar they are fairly entitled to; but for that sort
of knowledge, that sort of education, and that sort
of ability, the compensation is beyond that of
all other pursuits of life, and ought to be dimin-
ished. Hence, I say, I will support with pleasure
the amendment of my friend from Ohio.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Georgia goes
over the same argument with the Senator from
Ohio, and is to be answered with the same facts.
He takes the position that a brigadier general is
better paid than a Senator. The fact is, that the
pay is not so much, and the service is twelve
months, instead of three this year for a Senator.
Then the traveling of a brigadier is under orders
to go, not where he pleases, but where he is re-
quired, while the traveling of a Senatoris to come
here because he chooses, and to go home for the
same reason; to stay here three months; to have
nine months to himself. That puts it on a very
different footing, if the comparison is to be made.
Then, as to the relative compensation of the
military service and in civil life, 1 have only to
say, that those officers of the Army whom it is
most desirous to retain, are constantly tempted
by propositions to resign for much larger sums.
One who resigned a few years ago is receiving a
salary of $5,000 a year, m charge of a railroad,
and would come back to-morrow if he could get
in the Army one half, or less than one half that
sum. lie would come back with the pay of a
major to-morrow. It is this attachment for the
military service, it is this training for the military
service, which renders them so peculiarly valu-
able to the country. Seldom have I seen one who
resigned, whatever his prosperity might be, who
did not look back to his old profession and to his
having left it, with regret. They are not educated
for the service; they are educated in the service;
and I would ask the Senator from Georgia some-
what the same form of question I put to the Sen-
ator from Ohio: how he is to do it more cheaply?
Does he object to their being educated at a school
where elementary instruction is given to them
with the low pay of a warrant officer? Then, I
ask him, will he appoint them in the first instance
lieutenants and captains, and will he then instruct
them in their duty, or will he have them perform
it ignorantly? That is the alternative. We in-
struct them now in the cheapest possible form;
we put them in a school with the low pay of war-
rant officers, and there instruct them, liable every
day for the four years they are there to be ordered
to duty on the frontier or elsewhere, in the ser-
vice as much as they ever will be. It is merely
a mode of instruction.
I do not think the mode of appointment vicious,
though it is susceptible of some improvement. I
think some changes might be made which would
better it; but it is to-day free from the great evil
of the country. It is free from that partisan se-
lection which would exist unless the appointments
were made as they now are, on the recommenda-
tion of the members of Congress. We do not have
with each change of Administration, a change in
the political character of the appointments to the
academy; they follow still the political sentiment
of the district which each one lepresents in the
academy. They thus carry into the Army every
variety of opinion and of feeling which exists in
the country; but they carry it there modified by
the education they receive in the service, and they
justify the hope that in bearing the flag of their
country, they will bear it as citizens whose heart
is limited by no section, by no political relation,
but generalized as broad as the continent itself.
These are some of the benefits which 1 think flow
from the present mode of appointment, and with
a modification which might be made, and which
I admit would be an improvement, I would re-
tain this same feature in the present mode of
appointment, that they should be from every lo-
cality according to its population; that they should
come with the feelings, the sentiments, the politi-
cal opinions, if you please, of the locality from
which they were appointed.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 said nothing in reference to
the propriety of the education a.t West Point,
though 1 might do so. I agree with the Senator
from Mississippi, that these officers do not carry
into the Army any sectional feeling with them.
Sir, in the whole history of the world, standing
armies have had but one sentiment, and that is to
maintain the Government which supports them.
That is their nature, and has been from the be-
ginning of the world. You may find temporary
exceptions; they may sometimes sympathize with
the people, but the rule is that they reflect no opin-
ions but those of the Government which employs
them; and that is the very reason why I do not
want them. I desire this Government to rest upon
its people, who are able to defend it as long as it
is wBvth defending. I do not want to keep a man
in pay to defend it from within or without. So
long as you keep up the education of men for this
purpose, I believe the present mode is as good a
one as you can get, but the mode of appointment
is liable to the objections I stated; it produces that
sort of influence, and I have observed it for four-
teen years,and the great fact stands which Istated,
that the young men coming out of West Point,
no matter how well educated, at the end of four
years receive more money than they could get in
any other pursuit of life, and, therefore, it is above
what ought to be paid by the Government. I take
that to be a sound rule, especially for a pursuit
of this kind.
Mr. DAVIS. I understood the Senator to say
the present mode of appointment was vicious,
and it was to that my reply was directed. I would
now, whilst I am up, ask him to consider that
the pay which a second lieutenant gets is after
four years of service; he does not get it when ap-
pointed.
Mr. TOOMBS. There the Senator and my-
self differ very much. He calls it service to take
a young man from home and educate him and
pay his expenses. You take him to West Point,
give him quarters and fuel and clothes, and
maintain him, and you say he has rendered ser-
vice. When the citizens of this country send their
sons to college they pay their expenses, or woik
their way through; but when a boy is carried to
West Point, he is taken care of; a house is pro-
vided for him; clothes are provided for him, in-
structors are provided for him; and that is called
being in service. True, he is a warrant officer.
Mr. DAVIS. He enters into a contract, when
he goes there, to serve the Government eight years
as they may direct. They direct him to stay
there until he has sufficient elementary instruc-
tions to properly discharge the duties of an offi-
cer. He would gladly go away to a post in two
weeks, if you would allow him.
Mr, TOOMBS. The Senator and myself do
not differ in the facts; but in our deductions, wg
call things by different names. Fie calls this the
service of the country; I call it educating them.
We are both right from our different stand-points.
The Government keeps a boy there four years,
if he complies with the regulations, and for a little
time afterwards, until he can go to his own busi-
ness, which he rarely does; for, as the Senator
says, he sticks to the military service. Of course
he does. In all ages of the world it has been at-
tractive. Put a man into it, and if he ever hears
the trumpet blow, or the drum beat, he is unfitted
for anything else. It is rather a savage pursuit,
and seems to enchant those who fall m with it.
Send a man among the Indians for five years, and
he is good for nothing for civilization afterwards;
he will run away, and become a savage himself. %
Men like this pursuit; courageous and brave men • :
like it. That is not at all singular. I know that
we graduate forty, or fifty, or sixty young men
every year, and wheie there is scrutiny put on
their qualifications, some of them will be men of
ability; and if the scrutiny is great, the majority
of them will be above the average ability of young
men in college: but that is all. The idea that all
of them are men of ability is a mistake; and it is
a mistake to suppose that all of them are worth
more than the average payment for such talents
in thecountry; but few of them are. But were they •
more or less able, I lay down the proposition that
the true theory of wages, if you employ these
people to Jceep the peace, is exactly the same as a .
constable's pay—you ought to pay them what S_-
thcy can be had for.
Mr. HALE. I am rather in favor of this amend- -
ment; but I do not want to take it as a substitute "
for the bill.
Mr. PUGH. How will it hurt the bill?
