1859.
3 f; f
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
made the special order, which will keep it before the House ; }
theti he may withdraw lus motion to commit, and allow the
severnl motions to amend to be made.
"Mr. Stephens, of Georgia. Certainly ; I have no ob-
jection to that airangemetit. I propose, then, by general
consent, it shall be urideistood that the pievious question
shall be moved on Satmday; and with that imdeistuuduigj
I will withdraw the motion to commit."
Just before the House adjourned, the following
dialogue occurred:
" Mr. Grow. I desire to ask the gentleman from Georgia
whether I underhand that on Saturday, at twelve o'clock,
he propose.- to have ail the^e amendments voted on ?
k' Mr. Stephe ns, ol Georgia. The que^ion is to be then
taken. T will then wuhdiaw my motion to commit; but
theie is to be no debate.
"Mi Grow. And you will allow all these amendments
to he then offered ? That is satisfactory.
"Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky. I desire to piopose an
amendment (or the pui pose ot having it ptmted.
"Air. Stephkn*, <,1 Georgia. That the gentleman from
Kentucky may unde^tand my agreement, it is; that 011
Satuiday, at twelve o'clock, the motions now pending shall
come up under the rule justns if the previous question were
sustained.
"Mr. Marshall, of Kentucky. When the gentleman
s-peaks of motions pending, I suppose he means all these
amendments
"Mi. Stephens, of Guoreia. With the consent of the
House they can all be offered.
"Mr. Co.min-.s. X undei&tood the special order to extend
till one o'clock.
k- The Speakfr. The Chair propounded the question—
twelve o'clock on Saturday.
"Mr. Davis, of [iniiaua. I indicated a piopo&ition which
I intend to offer, and de ne to have it understood that that
proposition is to be consideied and decided by the House.
" The SptAKMt. it it be the pleasure of the House, all
the amendments offered or indicated by gentlemen will be
printed.
'• Mr. Stephens, of Georgia. I have no objection ; but
gentleman arc to con- idei that all thet^e amendments are
not to be voted on, except by the consent of the House."
This last portion of the debate, Mr. Speaker,
escaped my ear; or, if it fell upon it, 1 did not at-
tend to it, from the fact that the impression had
been made upon my mind from the remarks of the
gentleman from Georgia, [Mr. Stephens,] in the
conversation between him and the gentleman from
Kentucky, [Mr. Marshall,] earlier in the day,
that all amendments were to be voted on. I may
not have been in the Hall when the last dialogue
occurred, as it was just before the House ad-
journed but, at any rate, it did not strike my ear.
1 have felt it to be due to the Chair, to the gen-
tlemen from Georgia and Tennessee, and to my-
self, that i should make this explanation, as per-
haps I answered them somewhat abruptly the
other day. There was, of course, no intention
on my part to be disrespectful to the Chair or to
the gentlemen. I thank the House for its indul-
gence.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. I am instructed by the select
committee of which 1 am chairman to submit
the following resolution:
Whereas John Cas^n, of the city of Philadelphia, was,
on the 8th day of February, A. D. 1859, duly summoned to
appear and testify before' the select committee of this
Ilouse appointed to investigate the account® of the late
Supeiintendcnt uf the Public Pinning, and has failed and
n'fu^ed to appear befoie said committee pursuant to said
summons : Therefore,
Resolved, That the Speaker i«pue hi« warrant, directed
to the riergeant at Arms, commanding bun to take into his
custody the body ot the >=aid John Cas<m. whatever to be
found, and to have the same foi tbwith befoie the bai of this
House to answer for a contempt ot the authomy ot the
House in thus failing and rei using to appear before =,aid
committee.
Mr. ICELSEY. Are the subpena and the re-
turn before the House?
The SPEAKER. The summons is in the usual
form. Here is the deputation from the Sergeant-
at-Arms:
" I heieby depute S. P. LPih,J3sq., for me, and in my
stead, to execute the within older of the House of Repre-
sentatives. A J.GLOSSB11ENNER,
February 4, 1859. Sergcant-at-dMS."
The deputy Sergeant-at-Arms makes the fol-
lowing return:
"Seived pei^onallvupnn the within mined John Cas«in,
at the Acadcrny ot National Science-;, m Philadelphia, on
the 8th of Febiuaiv, 1^0, between the; bonis ot three and
lour o'clock, p. ni. SAMUEL P. LEIB. 5
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I demand the
previous question on the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LETCHER. I should like to know how
the gentleman knows that this witness is not
coming. I think we ought to know something
more about it.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. We only know
that he promised to be here, and has not come;
and we cannot get any further information from
him.
The resolution was agreed to.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. RIC AUD, leave was granted
for the withdrawal from the files of the House of
the papers in the ease of Samuel T. Harris, on
leaving copies of the same.
REDUCTION OF SALARIES.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to introduce a bill to reduce the
salaries of certain officers and persons in the ser-
vice of the United States.
The bill was read for information, and is as
follows:
A bill to reduce the salaries of certain officers and persons
m the setvice of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rcpi esen tat,ires
of IhcUmled Statei of Jimencu in Congress assembled, and
il is heieby ciiacted by the authority of the same, Thru all
laws and parts of laws increasing the s-nlaries of public of-
ficers and others m the beiviee of the United State-; Gov-
ernment, since the l->t day of July, ISoO, be, and the name
are heieby, lepealed.
Src. 2. vlnd <>c it further enacted, That all salaries and
payments heieaftei to be made to &aid oihcers and others
in the public iseivice, shall be under and in eonfoinmy to
the laws regulating and providing for the payment theieof,
anterior to the s..ud lat day of July, ISoO.
Sec. 3 Jind be Jurther enacted, That this* act shall con-
tinue of foice until the annual red ipts into the United States
Treasury, from the duties received under the act of Maich
3, 1857, regulating the dulie? on Impoiis, and from other
sources, shall be equal to the amounts annually appropri-
ated by Congress, and no longer.
Mr. ICELSEY. I object.
• Mr. CRAWFORD. I desire to give notice of
the bill.
ALEXANDER CROSS.
Mr. HORTON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, and, by unanimous con-
sent, considered and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar he discharged fiotn the timber con-
sideration of tin1 report of the Court of Claims in the case of
Alexander Cro^s; and that the same, and the accompany-
ing papers, be relerred to the Committee of Claims.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had
examined and found truly enrolled a bill for the
relief of A. Baudoum and A. D. Roberts; when
the Speaker signed the same.
MEMORIAL OF WISCONSIN.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin, by unani-
mous consent, presented the memorial of the
State of Wisconsin, relative to the claim of that
State to five per cent, on the net proceeds of the
sales of the public lands within its limits; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
RECAPTURED AFRICANS.
Mr. DOWDELL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
tion, calling1 for information:
Resolcal, That the l'reMilciit ol' the United Slates be re-
quested to communicate to tin-- House all tiie information
in his po^c-'jion goiri« to  !io\v the amount of money ex-
pended bvthe Government of the United States, dneerlj oi
indirection account of rccaptuied Ativans <-rnt to Li-
beria binee the passage ot the a^t of 3d March, 1819. and in
puifUance of haul act, and what pomon of taid amount
has been applied, if nnv, m aid of the colony or Republic
of Liberia, arid in what manner and at what time; aM,
whether an agent or -Ufins foi n c civing the iccaptmed Al-
riean^ ha<- or have been irgulaiiv appointed >>inee the p:n-
i sa<*e of said act, and the amount of thf vilanes paid them,
i and whether said agenN have been eutinecfd witli the
! Colonization Society; ;iho, the quantities and values of all
■! «jores, proviMons and munition-* of wai, or other
' commodities, furnished to -<a:d colony for the benefit of the
' r "tui n^d cd[)11\<1 ■*. and the t o-l of niilit.uy and naval service
i for thf same ohfet ; aKu, the tm-il <'-.tnnat«<d <-o. tot main-
| taming the nav il power of eighty  un> under tin1 treaty of
Washington lor the --appr^-iou oi the slave Uade on the
'i coa-f of Atne.i; the numb.-roi deaths of ofllcei s and men
; whilst in said .service, and the whole number of Aliiean-*
J recaptured and restored.
Several Members objected.
DANIEL STAPLES.
On motion of Mr. PENTON, It was
Ordeied, That leave be mantcd for the withdrawal fiom
the files of the Committee on Pnvate Land Claims of a
land wairant in favoi of Daruul Staples, and that it be re-
turned to the owner.
EXTENSION' OF THE BOUNTY LAKD LAW.
Mr. VANCE. I ask the unanimous consent
io m%
JS"9"V
of the House for leave to introduce a bill to ex-
tend the provisions of the bounty land act of the 33
March, 1855, to wagon-masters and teamsters. I
hope there will be no objection. 1 have been seek-""sfegj
ing the floor day after day without avail.
Objection was made. ^23^
CLOSE OF DEBATE.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missouri. I move that the ^
rules be suspended, and the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. GROW. Is not the regular order the call
of committees for reports? I think it is; and I
hope that that call will be gone through at least-
once in ft session.
Mr. STEPHENS, of Georgia. If the House '?
proceed to the call of committees, the Committee -
on Territories hasanotherday. I am willing that
the call shall be waived to-day, provided that the'
call pioceed to-morrow.
Mr. GROW. I am willing to that arrange-
ment. I only want the call to be gone through
at least once in a session.
Mr. HOUSTON. I ask for a vote on the prop- .
osition of the gentleman from Missouri. Let us
get alone; with the public business.
Mr. SEWARD. I vise to a privileged ques-
tion. I had a motion to reconsider entered some
days ago; and I desire to call that motion up at
this time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot call
his motion up pending the motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. PHELPS, of Missiouri. I move the usual
resolution to close debate upon the Senate amend-
ments to the Indian appropriation bill within one
hour after their considuiation shall be again re-
sumed.
Mr. SEWARD. The motion to suspend the
rules is not a privileged question. The gentle-
man from Missouri gets the floor by the courtesy
of the Speaker, as chamnan of the Committee of
Ways and Means. By the rules of the House
it is in order at all times to call up a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. MORRILL. I want to move to go to the
Speaker's table to call up the amendments of the
Senate to the agricultural college bill; and 1 hope
the motion to suspend the rules and go into com-
mittee may be voted down.
The SPEAKER. The question pending is the
motion of the gentleman from Missouri to go into
committee. The gentleman has a right to make
that motion under the 136th rule.
Mr. SEWARO. I wish that rule read, and
then I shall appeal from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. HOUSTON. I move that the appeal be
laid upon the table,
Mr. SEWARD. The gentleman has not the
floor to do so. " -
The Clerk read a part of the 136th rule, as foi- ;
lows:
'• The riou«e may at any lime, by a vote of a majority of 5 :
tho momlHiii. present, suspend the rules and oiders for the I
put pint! of KOI 112 into the Committee of the Whole House ;  
oa the slate ot the Union." 1
Mr. SEWARD, I do not dispute with the
Chair. The motion to reconsider takes prece-
dence, I think, of the motion to go into the Com--
mitiee of the Whole on tho state of the Union.1 v t/
lt takes precedence of all motions except the mo-;'|.|:r;
tion to adjourn. The Speaker will see that it is ob- ,
vious, that, whenever the chairman of the Commit-,
tee of Ways and Means chooses, having the ear:
of the Speaker, he can so arrange it that the mo-
tions to reconsider never can be called up. My .
motion has been postponed for the last five days;" _
I have been prevented from calling it up every-
morning by the intervening motion of the ir"Ht!e-
man fioin Missouri. Under the courtesy ex-' *.
tended to the chairman of the Committee of Ways:
and Means, at this stage of the session, it rr.jin- ' .
ises that ail business shall be rendered subservi-.
en! to his capricious whims, if he has got thetn;_:'
and I do not pretend to say that he has. ..
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle- .
man from Missouri is to suspend the rules—allV.,
rll]eg—the rule which gives the gentleman from:':;-.
Georgia the right to call up his motion to recon-j "„J"
stder—that the House may resolve itself into ;
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the \f
Union. ;
