
considered that there was entire "co-operation." Probably there was no more rejoicing in any place in the United States than in our camp when General Popel sent in his dispatch that he had beaten the enemy. General Halleck sent the dispatch to me, and I sent a dispatch back to him that we were jubilant over the success of General Pope. I think the dispatch from General Halleck to me and the one from me to General Halleck will explain more of the animus of the feeling between the two commands than anything else can. The dispatch form General Halleck was, that General Pope had been fighting two days, thus far successfully; and I telegraphed back to him that we were all jubilant over General Pope's success, which was the case.

Question. Was, or not, the objection or distrust mentioned by you as existing among the officers who seemed to feel a want of confidence in General Pope, more in the nature of and exception to him as a man than to his capacity as a commanding general?

Answer. I think it was.

The witness proceeded to make some further statements in explanation, when a member of the court objected.

The witness said he would much prefer not to be called upon to answer these questions. He had answered then hitherto, because he supposed the court desired him to do so, but he would prefer not to do so.

The accused stated that he had no objection to the full answers of the witness being placed on record.

The court was cleared.

After some time the court was reopened; whereupon the judge-advocate announced that the court determine that the answer of the witness to the last question remain upon record without the explanation, unless the witness desires to have it upon record.

The witness said:

I will add to my direct answer that I do not think it was the impression with the officers generally that General Pope, notwithstanding he was a talented officer, was fully up to the task of conducting so large a campaign.

Question. Do you, or not, believe that the impression in the army with regard to General Pope, of which you have spoken, had reference to any circumstances connected with his assignment to the command of the Army of Virginia and the questions of rank which

that involved?

Answer. I do not think that had the slightest effect upon any general officer I met with, as General Pope renamed all in that army but General McClellan and myself.

Question. Was there not, among the officers of the Army of the Potomac, great indisposition to withdraw from the Peninsula, and do you not think that that indisposition went far to disincline those officers to co-operate heartily with General Pope?

Answer. 	I do not think that had anything to do whit it. Two-thirds of the officers of the Army of the Potomac with whom I met on the James River were favorable to the withdrawal of the army, and three-fourths of the general officers with whom I met and talked were favorable to the withdrawal; and an informal council of war, where I was myself present, decided that it ought to be done, a majority of the general officers in the council being in favor of the withdrawal. I came down on a steamer from Harrison's Landing, and of all the officers I met there was not one single on e who did not urge upon and argue with me the necessity of withdrawing the Army of the Potomac from the James River.

Question. After General Porter had reported for duty to General Pope, would you have considered it proper for you to have given General Porter an order as his superior officer?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did you think it improper to request to give you information of the state of the army after he left you, and during the whole period that he gave it to you?

Answer. No, sir.

