
Question. From what you know now, have you any reason to believe that the information given by General Porter in these telegrams as to the actual state of the army under General Pope was not correct?

Answer. I am myself quite satisfied that it was correct. But that opinion is merely one based upon the information I then received and what I have since heard.

Question. Have you any knowledge of any extra exertions made by General Porter after orders were received to move to Aquia Creek?

Answer. Whilst I was with General McClellan at the pontoon bridge over the Chickahominy, where I had been sent by the Secretary of War or by General Halleck, a message came from General Porter to General McClellan, stating that he (General Porter) had ordered the wagons that were arriving at Williamsburg to pass on through, and had started his command, I think, in the direction of Newport News, with a view to facilitate matters, or get out of the way, or some such expression as that, General McClellan at the time was displeased at the movement, and said that it was not the intention for General Porter to move from there until General Franklin came up. The army was then in process of crossing. I remained there until juste as the rear guard was going over, when,if I mistake not, General McClellan expressed to me his gratification at so much of the army being out of the way. It was either then or at some subsequent period that to me. I afterward met General Porter at Old Point Comfort, where his troops were concentrating, and where he was placing them on board of the transports, and I said to him myself that I thought that it was very fortunate that he had moved that portion of the army as he had, because it would enable him to embark them that much sooner, and send the transports back for other troops.

QQuestion. Do you recollect whether, on the day General Porter left your command at Aquia Creek, he was in your tent; and, if so, at what time he started, and whether he was not sick at the time he started?

Answer. If I mistake not, General Porter left there late in the evening, with the intention of joining the advance of his column that night. I am sure of one thing-that he had been sick for some two or three days before he started. What makes me remember this the more distinctly was, that many of this orders were written by him as he was lying on my bed in my tent. I am not certain about the time General Porter left, but my impression is that it was in the evening. I remember that he said he would be with his advance at a specified time, which was soon after he left me.

Question. You have spoken of the impression which you found a portion of the officers entertained of General Pope's capacity to carry on that campaign. Will you state whether, so far as you know, that impression was founded upon the character of the orders that he issued soon after taking command of the Army of Virginia?

Answer. I heard those orders very much ridiculed; but I do not think they had any special influence in the formation of the opinions of the officers who were acquainted with General Pope.

Question. You have spoken of your estimate of the condition of things in the Army of Virginia in connection with the campaign of July and August last. Had you any opportunities of forming that estiminate other than those furnished through the dispatches received from General Porter?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Will you state whether, to your knowledge, General Porter used any energy or dispatch in joining the command of General Pope, and in his military movements in that direction, beyond those which his duty as an officer required him to use?

Answer. No, sir.

The examination of this witness here closed.

