
Brigadier General DANIEL BUTTERFIELD called by the accused, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the ACCUSED:

Question. What was your rank in the Army of Virginia, commanded by General Pope?

Answer. Brigadier-general of volunteers and lieutenant-colonel of the Twelfth United States Infantry.

Question. Do you remember whether you were present on the evening of the 27th of August last at the headquarters of General Porter, when an order was received by him, through Captain DeKay, from General Pope?

Answer. I was present a few moments after it was received.

Question. Will you state what was said by General Porter in relation to that order, and what the order was?

Answer. The order, I believe, was for General Porter to move his forces at 1 o'clock in the morning to Bristoe Station. He handed the order to General Morell or to General Sykes, who were present, and said there was a chance for a short nap, or something of that sort (I do not remember the exact words), indicating that there was but little time for preparation. General Sykes or General Morell, I do not remember which (one or both of them), spoke with regard to the fatigue our troops had endured, the darkness of the night, and the fact that, in their judgment, the troops would be of more service to start at a later hour than they would be to start at the hour named. In reply to these remarks, General Porter spoke rather decidedly, that there was the order; it must be obeyed; that those who gave the order knew whether the necessities of the case would warrant the exertions that had to be made to comply with it. I do not state that as his exact words, but as the substance of what he said. Captain DeKay, who brought the order, was then present, and was asked some questions about the road. He stated that it was very dark, and that the road was full of teams. General Sykes, I think, suggested that it would be impossible for us to move at the hour named, if the road was full of teams; that they could not find the way. General Porter called two aides, and sent them off to investigate the condition of the road, and to ask General Pope to have the road cleared, so that we could move up. When we got outside, the darkness was so apparent (to use such an expression), and it seemed to be such a matter of impossibility to move, that General Porter said, "In consideration of all the circumstances, I will fix the hour at 3 o'clock instead of 1. You will be ready to move promptly." And I subsequently wrote and order, in General Porter's tent, for my command to be in line to march at 3 o'clock.

Question. Do you recollect whether, at the same time, Captain DeKay said anything about his having difficulty as a guide in showing the road?

Answer. I think he made some remark that it would be very difficult in getting back; that he would have hard work to find the way. I do not remember his exact language, but it was to that effect.

Question. Were your men very much fatigued by the march of the 27th, and how far had they marched?

Answer. They were very much fatigued. They had marched from Kelly's Ford to Bealeton, and from there up to Warrenton Junction, almost all the way without water, in the dust. It was very warm, and it was with great difficulty that we got them along.

Question. Did you march, or attempt to march, at 3 o'clock?

Answer. I did. I had my column formed, and staff officers sent out to notify me when the head of my column could take its place in the line. We marched from the camp up to the road, and there waited until we could take our place, which was at the rear of General Morell's division.

Question. At what time did you reach Bristoe Station with your command?

Answer. Toward noon; I do not remember the hour.

