
Question. How did you find the road?

Answer. I could tell but little about what was delaying the column ahead of me. I kept close up to the command in front of me. There were large quantities of wagons in the road and along the side of the road, and it required sharp watching to keep my brigade from being cut off by the wagons from the one ahead of me.

Question. Where were you on the 29th of August last?

Answer. My command were at Manassas Junction on the morning of the 29th. We marched from Bristoe Station up to Manassas Junction on the morning of the 29th, and from there we marched toward Gainesville, to the vicinity and a little beyond Bethlehem church.

Question. Were you there, or about there, on the afternoon of that day at 4.30 p. m.?

Answer. I was.

Question. Where were the enemy, in relation to your command, at that time?

Answer. In our front, and on our right.

Question. Do you mean to say that they were formed in battle on your front or right, as far as you could judge?

Answer. I had no means of judging what their formation was in our front. There were dense woods there, which our skirmishers were in, and which prevented my seeing whether they were formed or not. I judged, from the reports that I heard in the evening and subsequently, that they were.

Question. Did you leave that position on the morning of the 30th? If so, at what hour, and under whose orders?

Answer. I received and order about half-past 3 or 4 o'clock in the morning to move my command from that position. General Morell was with me at the time. The order was delivered to him, and I heard it. I immediately got my command in readiness, and I think I marched about daylight, or a little after daylight, from that position.

Question. Where did you march under that order?

Answer. I marched back past Bethlehem church, and from there turned off to the left, and came on to the battle-field of the day before.

Question. Was that the battle-field f the 30th?

Answer. It was.

Question. Did you see General Porter in that battle of the 30th?

Answer. I did.

Question. As far as you had an opportunity of judging, did he perform his whole duty on the field?

Answer. I think he did.

Question. How long at that time had you been under his command?

Answer. Since about the 1st of October, 1861.

Question. Continuously?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you see in anything that he did, or in anything that he said, after he marched from Aquia Creek, or when it was understood that you were to come under the command of General Pope, any evidence of an indisposition upon his part to be faithful to General Pope and to his country?

Answer. I did not.

Question. Did you know General Philip Kearny?

Answer. I did, very well.

