
Question. Have you at any time had conversations with him in relation to General Porter as an officer?

Answer. Frequently.

Question. State what they were.

Answer. I had frequent conversations with General Kearny in regard to General Porter, as well as other officers.

Question. I speak of General Porter now.

Answer. I meant by that to say that the conversations were not particularly in reference to General Porter. He always spoke in the highest terms of General Porter, both as a brave officer and a gentleman, and as a hard worker.

The examination by the accused here closed.

Examination by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What do you know, if anything, about the forces having been impeded or brought to a halt in their march on the morning of the 28th of August last, at a little stream or creek not far from Warrenton Junction, in the direction of Bristoe Station?

Answer. I know that after it had got to be about daylight, I went out to the head of my column, and I found a difficult place to cross; that there was difficulty in getting the troops across. I could see that it had been dark,and the troops had been impeded, but they began to go on more rapidly as light broke. I did not know that had been the original cause of delay in moving the column. I know nothing further than I saw there.

Question. State the character of the difficulty-the character of the place; was it mud or water, or what was it?

Answer. It was mud and water both; one of those steams that we almost always have to force troops over. They would all stop, and go over one by one on a rail, if you would allow them to. In the day-time you could force them over very well; but at night, when it cannot be seen, it is a very difficult thing to get men across such a place.

Question. Did you see the order of the 27th from General Pope, or know anything about the urgency of its terms?

Answer. I did not read it.

Question. Did you learn of Captain Drake DeKay that General Pope had taken measures to have the road cleared?

Answer. I did not.

Question. Can you state that, in point of fact, the road had not been cleared by General Pope's orders, or that at 1 o'clock at night and until later in the morning the road was all cleared; and can you state that the wagons that obstructed the road when you passed had not moved on to the road after daylight?

Answer. I cannot; I have no knowledge upon that subject.

Question. Had you on Friday, the 29th of August, any impression that the enemy in your immediate front was in any considerable force?

Answer. I had not when I first arrived on the ground. They subsequently made demonstrations that led me to believe that they had a force there.

Question. Do you, or not, believe that General Porter's force was sufficient to have pushed back and cleared the enemy from his immediate front?

Answer. That depends altogether upon what force the enemy had there, which I do not know.

Question. Were you present on the evening of the 29th of August,

64 R R-VOL XII, PT II, SUP

