
Question. You withdrew in their immediate presence, did you not?

Answer. Yes, sir; my opinion on the 29th, while I was on that duty, was, that they desired to remain on the defensive, and have us attack them, feeling confident of their position.

Question. At what hour lon that evening did you first receive the impression that the battle was going against General Pope?

Answer. Between 4 or 5 o'clock.

Question. Do you think that you communicated to General Morell, as full as you now state it, your impressions as to the strength of the enemy in your front?

Answer. I think that I did. My object in going in myself to confer with him was that he might get correct impressions; that a dispatch or a message by an orderly would not answer.

Examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the COURT:

Question. How large a force of the enemy did you see on that day with your own eyes?

Answer. I cannot tell you. I could merely judge of their strength. It was a dense timber in which I was. We would get a view of the enemy first from one point through the timber and then from another. There was no place in which I could see their whole line. Their line of skirmishers was two regiments, at least, whereas mine was but one; and then, again, their troops appeared to be lying down behind this railroad.

Question. Was the line of the enemy extended over the road which General Porter would have used in reaching the right flank of Jackson's forces?

Answer. Provided General Porter had gone directly to General Pope's left, do you mean.

Question. Yes, sir; was that road open or free?

Answer. That road was blocked up by the enemy. There was no direct road to go over to General Pope's left, except by this road that the enemy already had.

Question. Did the enemy in your front make a junction with the enemy in General Pope's front, according to your understanding?

Answer. I do not think they did.

Question. What space do you suppose there was between the two parts of enemy's forces?

Answer. They would naturally have made a connection with their dragoons; but their line of battle was not a continuous line. Their line of battle in front of General Porter's command was separate and distinct form their line of battle in front of General Pope's command.

Question. What was the space between their two lines of battle, should you think?

Answer. I should judge it to be at least 2 miles.

Question. From the position of the forces, both those of the enemy and our own, would the march of General Porter to reach the right flank of Jackson have been direct or circuitous?

Answer. It would have been circuitous, through a broken country. If he had endeavored to go the most direct route, it would have been through a broken country. But I do not conceive that it was practicable for him to have gone that route. I think that, in order to have acted upon the enemy, he would have had to go back the same route we took the next morning in retreating.

