
Question. Of the line of battle formed by the enemy opposed to General Porter's command between 5 o'clock and sundown, what portion of the enemy's troops were south of the Manassas Railroad?

Answer. They were more along the railroad. The railroad came down close to us-off a little to the right of my skirmishers; so that, in advancing my skirmishers, my right came on to the railroad much sooner that my left.

Question. Were any of the enemy's forces south of that road?

Answer. They were along the railroad, but none this side of it except skirmishers. I met dragoons along the whole front, and particularly on this direct road; and then afterward their skirmisher came to my front, and extended in a longer line than I did, and drove me in.

Question. Supposing the force of General Porter to have been extended from the point where General Morell's command was, down to Bethlehem church, could not a large porion of them have moved along the Sudley Springs road to the battle-field within a much shorter period of time than you have named for the whole movement?

Answer. By all means, much sooner than we would.

Question. Do you know any reason why that road was not practicable for an advance on the 29th?

Answer. I do not know any reason why it was not practicable.

Question. Would such a separation of General Porter's corps on the 29th, by a part of it moving up the Sudley Springs road to the battlefield, have been an eminently dangerous military movement at that time, considering the position and force of the enemy in front?

Answer. It would be unusual to separate parts of a corps, and particularly with such a large force of the enemy in our front. It would have left us very weak in our position in the advance. I understood that the part of the corps that was left behind by General Porter was left there as a support to us, to be used in any direction that he saw fit. It would have been unusual, and I think it would have seen criticized by General Porter's officers, to have sent them off in any other direction, leaving us alone with this large force of the enemy in our front.

Question. Suppose the case of an order from General Pope to General Porter to make the movement to assault the right of Jackson's army, could that Sudley Springs road have been taken by any portion of General Porter's corps to accomplish that object?

Answer. Yes, sir; it could have been taken; but it could not have been taken, when we got the order, in time to have met the enemy and done anything.

Question. You mean done anything by daylight?

Answer. Yes, sir; by daylight that day-to have done anything that day.

Question. Did the battle cease immediately after daylight?

Answer. Yes, sir; the battle ceased about dark.

The examination of this witness here closed.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN called by the accused, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the ACCUSED:

Question. Will you state whether you commanded the Army of the Potomac in its Peninsula campaign in Virginia, and up to what time after that?

Answer. I commanded the Army of the Potomac from immediately after the battle of Bull Run, in 1861, to about the end of August, 1862; I have forgotten the exact date.

