
Question. Was the effect of that movement to expedite his arrival at Aquia Creek?

Answer. Very decidedly; at least one day, if not more.

Question. After he left Newport News with his command, where sid you first see him?

Answer. At Aquia Creek.

Question. How long was he there at Aquia Creek, under you immediate supervision?

Answer. I think from twenty-four to thirty-six hours, between there and Falmouth.

Question. Did you see him after he left Falmouth until the campaign was at an end?

Answer. No; I did not.

Question. From what you saw of his conduct, or from anything that you may have heard from him, after he knew that he was to go to the assistance of General Pope, did he, in you opinion, do all that an energetic, and zealous, and patriotic officer could have done?

Answer. I think he did.

Question. Had you any reason, at any time, after he received notice that he was to go to the assistance of General Pope, to believe that he would fail General Pope, or the country, in the discharge of his duty?

Answer. None whatever.

Question. Do you remember whether you received from General Burnside, after General Porter joined the command, or was about to join the command, of General Pope, any dispatches that he (General Burnside) had received from General Porter?

Answer. I received several-the exact number I do not know-perhaps three or four, forwarded by General Burnside from Falmouth.

Question. To yourself?

Answer. The copies were addressed, I think, both to General Halleck and myself.

Question. Did you, from the telegrams that you so received, form the impression that General Porter would not be true to his duty to General Pope?

Answer. I did not.

Question. Will you look at that paper [handing witness paper already in evidence, purporting to be a telegram from witness to General Porter, dated "War Department, September 1, 1862, 5.30 p. m."], and say if you recognize it, and if you sent that dispatch to General Porter?

Answer. I recognize the dispatch as one I sent to General Porter. There are one or two verbal errors in this copy, but they are unimportant.

Question. As you have stated that you never doubted that General Porter would be true to his duty to General Pope, how came you to send General Porter such a dispatch as that?

Answer. I sent it in accordance with the request of the President of the United States, who sent for me on that day, and told me that he had understood that there was an unkind feeling on the part of the Army of the Potomac toward General Pope, and requested me to use my personal influence to correct it by telegraphing either to General Porter or to any other of my friends there. I told him that I did not consider it necessary, but was perfectly willing to do it. I had no doubt, then, in my own mind, but that the Army of the Potomac, and all connected with it, would do their duty without there being any necessity for any action on my part.

