
Question. I understand you to say, then, that you sent the telegram to quick the apprehensions of the President, and not to remove any apprehensions of your own?

Answer. Entirely so.

The examination by the accused here closed.

Examination by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. This dispatch to General Porter, of which you have spoken, bears date 5.30 p. m. of the 1st of September, 1862. Were you not then, and for some time afterward, in command of the defenses of Washington?

Answer. I had been placed in command of the defenses of Washington by a verbal order that morning.

Question. Can you recall the hour at which, on the following day, the order was sent to General Pope to fall back within the defenses of Washington?

Answer. The order did not emanate from me; but my recollection is that it was sent at a very early hour in the morning of Tuesday, the 2nd of September.

Question. Did, or did not, the execution of that order necessarily place the forces of General Pope, and General Pope himself, under you command?

Answer. I was directed not to assume any command over the active troops commanded by General Poep until they reached the immediate vicinity of defenses of Washington; I was expressly excluded from any control over them until then.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the COURT:

Question. At what time did General Porter receive orders to join General Pope's command?

Answer. I cannot give the exact date. The order came direct from General Halleck, and had been received by General Porter when I reached Aquia Creek.

Question. When the accused was making his efforts to leave the Peninsula, did he know that he was to be placed under the immediate command of General Pope?

Answer. No; it was only known that the Army of the Potomac was to move to Aquia, to re-enforce and assist the Army of Virginia. The question of command had not then been decided, so far as I know.

the examination of this witness here closed.

JOHN TUCKER called by the accused, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the ACCUSED:

Question. Are you now, and were you during the last two weeks of August, 1862, Assistant Secretary of War?

Answer. I am, and was.

Question. During that period, did you see the accused (General Porter) at Old Point Comfort?

Answer. I did.

Question. Was he then, with his command, on his way to Aquia Creek?

Answer. He was.

