
Question. With a view to support and co-operate with the Army of Virginia, under General Pope?

Answer. I understood those to be his orders.

Question. Did you see and judge of his conduct in respect of zeal and activity and energy to accomplish that object?

Answer. I did.

Question. What opinion did you form of it?

Answer. I formed the opinion that he was most zealous and energetic in getting his troops on board of the various transports.

Question. Did the repeatedly ask you own co-operation with him in order to give more effect and authority to his own directions?

Answer. He did.

Question. Did you see anything in his whole conduct, or hear anything in his language, giving any indication whatever that he would fail to do his whole duty in co-operating with and supporting General Pope against the enemy?

Answer. I did not.

Question. Did you, when you returned to Washington, make, in general terms, a report to the Secretary of War touching these things of which you have spoken?

Answer. I did, verbally.

Question. And in the same sense in which you have testified here?

Answer. Yes, sir.

The examination by the accused here closed.

Examination by the COURT:

Question. When the accused was making his efforts to leave the Peninsula, did he know that he was to be placed under the immediate command of General Pope?

Answer. I cannot answer that question; I do not know that he did.

The examination of this witness here closed.

Lieutenant GEORGE T. INGHAM called by the accused, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the ACCUSED:

Question. What position do you hold in the army?

Answer. Aide-de-camp to General Sykes.

Question. To what regiment do you belong?

Answer. The Eleventh United Stated Infantry.

Question. Were you present with General Porter on the evening of the 29th of August last?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you see a messenger arrive, bearing a message from General Pope to General Porter?

Answer. I did.

Question. Would you recognize that messenger now should you see him?

Answer. Yes, sir; I think I should. [The witness indicated Captain Douglass Pope, who was present, as the person who bore the message referred to.]

