
Question. Do you know the road which General Porter's command took the next morning to reach the battle-field?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was there any other road more direct than that by which General Porter's command could have reached the right of the enemy?

Answer. I believe not.

The examination by the accused here closed.

Examination by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. How long have you been in the military service?

Answer. Nearly two years; within three month of two years.

Question. What experience have you had in active field operations?

Answer. Such as the regiment has been in.

Question. Have you been in any battle?

Answer. In the battle of Fredericksburg.

Question. The recent battle there?

Answer. Yes, sir; and I was with the regiment during the seven days' battle before Richmond.

Question. You have not had a military education?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. For what purpose were you leaving the left wing of General Pope's army on the occasion you refer to?

Answer. For special purpose.

Question. Were you the bearer of a message?

Answer. No, sir; I was then carrying the mail for our brigade. I always carried the papers to and from the brigade. I was then off to see whether I could send our mail away.

Question. What troops were on General Pope's left flank when you left?

Answer. I could not state what troops they were, more than they were General Pope's troops.

Question. Did you encounter any enemy in the route you passed over from General Pope's left to Colonel Marshall's regiment?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. How much of the ground over which you passed would General Porter's forces have necessarily occupied or crossed in making an attack on the right wing of the enemy?

Answer. About a third or a half of it.

Question. You think the distance between Colonel Marshall's regiment of skirmishers and the left flank of General Pope was not to exceed a mile and three-quarters?

Answer. No, sir; not more than that.

Question. You state that the enemy's force in front of General Porter's command on the 29th of August was from 12,000 to 15,000 strong. Did you see that number of the enemy, or upon what grounds did you estimate their force to amount to that number?

Answer. I judged from demonstrations and what I could see.

Question. What demonstration?

Answer. I saw a great many troops; I probably did not see that number.

