
Question. Did you see them in regiments?

Answer. I saw them in regiments.

Question. How many regiments?

Answer. I could not state how many.

Question. Did you, or not, mainly rest you estimate of the number upon the clouds of dust that you saw?

Answer. No, sir; not altogether.

Question. I do not say altogether, but mainly.

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Was, or was not, that the principal indication to you of the amount of the enemy's force?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did you, on your arrival, report to anybody the amount of force that you supposed you had observed?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Were those forces of the enemy, of which you have spoken, in motion?

Answer. No, sir; they were not in motion, going to and from.

Question. Were they in what is called position?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. At what distance were they from Colonel Marshall's skirmishers?

Answer. About a half a mile from the skirmishers.

Question. You had no other view of them than that which you could catch at that distance, and in the broken country?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did you at that time speak to anybody of the number of the enemy's force which you supposed to be present, or has that estimate been formed by you since?

Answer. I do not remember of speaking to any one. I may have done so.

Question. You came from General Pope's left to the regiment of skirmishers of which you have spoken. You did not proceed from that regiment to the remainder of General Porter's command, did you?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. In what position did you find his forces?

Answer. I could not say. The remain porion of them, at least the front, was stationed right on a hill to the rear of the battery, and some on the road.

Question. What distance do you think it was between the force of the enemy which you have described and the forces of General Porter?

Answer. I think it was a mile-about a mile.

Question. What was the character of the country between those forces? I mean the Confederate forces, as you saw them placed, and the forces of General porter as you found them.

Answer. It was an open country. They were on an elevated position, and so were we, with it somewhat lower in the center.

Question. Was some position of the country cleared land?

Answer. Yes, sir.

65 R R-VOL XII, PT II, SUP

