
Question. And some woods?

Answer. Some woods.

Question. The ground was not remarkable for its raggedness, what it?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. What do you suppose to have been the length of the enemy's lines that you observed, and which induced you to estimate their forces at from 12,000 to 15,000?

Answer. I should judge about a mile.

Question. You state that you think General Porter could not have made an attack on the enemy's right flank without exposing his own left flank to an attack from the enemy. Do I understand you correctly as expressing that opinion?

Answer. Yes, sir.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the COURT:

Question. You are understood to have testified that General Porter's corps, in order to reach the right of the enemy, would necessarily have had to pass over the route you passed over coming from General Pope's left to you regiment. Did you pass over the route which General Porter's force would have had to take to reach the enemy's right?

Answer. I passed over a part of it, I believe.

Question. Will you state on which side of the Manassas Railroad, north or south, this line of battle of the enemy was drawn up?

Answer. On the north side.

Question. On which side of the railroad was General Porter's corps?

Answer. On the same side, I think.

Question. Was not the enemy on both sides of the railroad, and along the railroad?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Where were the batteries in reference to the position of the corps?

Answer. On the right.

Question. On the right of the railroad, as we faced the enemy?

Answer. Yes, sir.

The examination of this witness here closed.

The accused submitted in evidence, without objection, the following papers:

The consolidated morning report of General Piatt's command on September 5, 1862, showing the aggregate effective strength of that command then to be 1,569 men.

A telegraphic dispatch from General Porter to General McClellan, the dispatch itself being without date, but certified by General by General McClellan to have been received on September 1, 1862.

A letter from General Porter to General McClellan, dated Centreville, August 30, 1862, and certified by General McClellan to have been received by him on the morning of the 1st of September, 1862.

A dispatch from General Pope to General Halleck, written in cipher, dated "Headquarters, field of battle, near Groveton, August 30, 1862, 5 a. m.," giving an account of the battle of the preceding day, August 30 [sic].

