
Question. What was the character of the night?

Answer. The night was very dark and overcast-very cloudy.

Question. Could you see the road well?

Answer. No, sir; it was difficult to distinguish the road, or any objects on it.

Question. Were you alone?

Answer. No, sir; there were two officers with me.

Question. Did the darkness materially impede you in your efforts to find your way to General Porter?

Answer. It did.

Question. And delay you?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you see any wagons on the road over which you traveled?

Answer. Yes, sir; the road from Catlett's Station for a half a mile westward was blocked up with wagons. We ran into them constantly. The road is there a narrow one, leading through a wood, and it was difficult for us to get along on that account. We ran into a tree on the one hand or a wagon on the other, without being able to distinguish until we were upon it.

Question. About what distance do you think you rode in finding your way from Catlett's Station to Warrenton Junction?

Answer. Probably 5 miles; 4 or 5 miles.

Question. Did you frequently see wagons in the road with their horses unhitched and their teamsters absent?

Answer. On my return, I noticed that horses were hitched to the wagons. I did not observe it particularly as we were going to General Porter's.

Question. When you reached General Porter, did you speak to him of the condition in which you had found the road?

Answer. Yes, sir, I did, in answer to his inquiry concerning the state of the road.

Question. Did he then make of you any request in relation to the road?

Answer. Yes, sir; he requested me to try to have the road cleared, stating his intention to pass along with his corps.

Question. Did you do anything to comply with that request?

Answer. Upon my return, I told the adjutant to send out some men to get these wagons out of the way.

Question. Do you know what success that party met with in that attempt?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Do you know whether the wagons were still in the road at daybreak?

Answer. I do not.

Question. State what was the condition of the railroad bridge over Cedar Creek, with reference to passing over it at night.

Answer. The railroad bridge over Cedar Creek is one which, I think, it would be difficult to pass a party of infantry over at night; almost impossible, certainly, without danger. I passed over it, I think, two days before, and led my horse across it, but that was in the day-time. Even then it was a difficult matter. Infantry could pass over it well in the day-time, but the planks were thrown loosely on, and they fall through that was being led over.

