
Question. Do you understand it to be also called the Gainesville road?

Answer. It may pass by that name; but I always call it the Hay Market road.

Question. How many roads, if more than one, did you take in returning?

Answer. We came back the same road.

Question. The second time as well as the first?

Answer. Yes, sir. When we first started back, we did not go as far as this house that I speak of, where the road made a turn around it.

The examination of this witness here closed.

Brigadier General RUBUS KING (a member of the court), was then called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. You will remember that it has been testified here that on the afternoon of the 29th of August last a message was borne from General Porter to you by one of his staff officers, directing that your division should remain where it was, and that this message was communicated to you in the presence of General McDowell, who made a response to it. The question I wish you to answer is, whether you remember any such message to have been sent to you.

Answer. I do not.

Question. Do you remember to have been with General McDowell on the afternoon of that day?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. It was also testified by the same witness, if you will remember, that in reply to this message General McDowell said, "I will take General King's division with me. Give my compliments to General Porter, and say to him that I think he better remain where he is," &amp;c. Do you remember to have heard any such message as that from General McDowell?

Answer. No, sir; I do not remember any circumstance of that kind to have taken place on any day.

Question. Do you think it possible that an interview of that kind, between yourself and General McDowell, with a message of that kind communicated to you and a response of that kind from General McDowell, could possibly have occurred and have now totally escaped your recollection?

Answer. I do not.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the ACCUSED:

Question. Was you command taken by General McDowell at that time, or soon afterward?

Answer. The command was then on the march toward the battle-field of Bull Run. General McDowell, I think, was at its head, with General Hatch.

Question. Where was the command at that time?

Answer. At what time?

Question. On the 29th.

Answer. It was on the 29th of August that the command was on the march from Manassas Junction to the battle-field of Bull Run.

