
Question. At what point of the road was it?

Answer. It was near Bethlehem church, I think, when General McDowell rode at its head.

Question. On what road was it?

Answer. A part of the division was on the road toward Gainesville, and General Hatch's brigade turned off from that road on to the Sudley Springs road, and the rest of the division followed that brigade on that road.

Question. Do I understand you to say that you and General McDowell were not together on the afternoon of the 29th of August last?

Answer. No, sir; I do not think I saw General McDowell after the morning of the 29th.

Question. How late in the morning?

Answer. I do not think I saw him after 10 o'clock in the morning.

Question. Where was it that General McDowell parted from you?

Answer. I think it was near Manassas Junction.

Question. Did you recognize upon the stand, as a person you had seen before, Colonel Locke?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Were you, during that day, near Bethlehem church?

Answer. I must have passed that church .

Question. About what time?

Answer. I should think it was after midday.

Question. Did you receive any order at all from General Porter that day by Colonel Locke or any one else?

Answer. Not to my recollection.

Question. Had your division been under the command of General Porter before that day?

Answer. I think the first order I got that day was to follows General Porter's corps on the road to Gainesville, immediately after his corps, which I did.

Question. Do you recollect whether you were at any time with General McDowell at the lead of the column, when the column turned off to go to the battle-field?

Answer. No, sir. I think General Hatch, who commanded the leading brigade, was with him; and I believe my adjutant-general, Captain Chandler, chief of my staff, was also with him.

Question. Were you unwell that day?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. When did you leave the column altogether?

Answer. I rejoined the division about 8 o'clock of the evening of the 29th.

Question. Did you continue to be unwell on the 30th?

Answer. I did.

Question. As you were so unwell during the 29th as to be unable to join your column during a greater part of the day, and also so unwell on the 30th, are you satisfied that you have a clear recollection of the events of the 29th?

Answer. I think I have.

