
Question. Do you know when Longstreet's corps arrived on the ground, or did you hear at the time?

Answer. I think the greater part of his force was coming on the ground after about 2 o'clock in the afternoon, arriving and forming as they came on.

Question. Do you know now, or did you know at the time, whether General Hill's force had also formed a junction?

Answer. I have always understood that General Hill's forces, and General Ewell's and General Jackson's, had joined before we fought on the morning of that day.

Question. I do not mean General A. P. Hill's, but General D. H. Hill's forces, or did you know such a Hill?

Answer. I know that there were two Hills.

Question. Are you understood now as saying that the force of the enemy, from 35,000 to 40,000 men, comprehended Jackson's forces and Hill's forces?

Answer. I understood that we were engaging Jackson's, Ewell's, and one of the Hill's forces all day; Longstreet's forces, I think, first engaged McDowell's forces in the evening.

Question. How far were you from General Porter's command on the afternoon of the 29th of August?

Answer. At one time, I think, I was within a mile and a half of it, when I went to our extreme left.

Question. Could you see his command, or were there woods intervening?

Answer. I could not seer his command; there were woods intervening.

Question. Could you see his immediate front?

Answer. I could not from our extreme left.

Question. Could you see the line of the railroad?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Do you not think it portable now that an officer of intelligence who was in the battle and on the field could tell the number of men General Porter had to meet better than you, who were out of sight, and only reasoning upon the matter?

Answer. I certainly think he could. But that question that question assumes what I do not assume in my answer-in relation to the reasoning and not having at any time seen General Porter's position. I was several times during the day where I was satisfied I saw his position and knew it.

Question. At what time was the latest period that you saw his position that day?

Answer. I think about 1 o'clock.

Question. Have you any knowledge, personally, of Lieutenant Weld?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Have you any recollection of seeing an officer, on the 29th of August, come with a message from General Porter to General Pope or General McDowell?

Answer. No, sir. I have seen the officer here who stated that he bore that message, and I know his person now, but I had never seen him before to my knowledge.

