
Question. You do not recollect seeing any message from General Porter delivered on that day?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Do I understand you to say that General McDowell was not on the field until after sunset on the 29th?

Answer. I did not say that.

QQuestion. At what time did he get on to the field?

Answer. Before 6 o'clock in the afternoon, I should think. It was about the center of the field that I first met him.

The examination by the accused here closed.

Examination by the COURT:

Question. On which side of the Manassas Railroad did Longstreet form his line of battle after he came on the field on the 29th?

Answer. I think he detached a part of his force behind a battery on a hill, which was on the right of the turnpike,, but the main force, I think, was formed on the left of the Gainesville and Centreville road; the Gainesville and Groveton road extending the line of Jackson to his right across that road.

Question. Do you know whether it was on the north or south of the Manassas Railroad?

Answer. The Manassas Railroad does not run on to the battle-field of Friday, the 29th of August. I do not think the right of the enemy reached to within a mile or more of the Manassas Railroad. There is another old railroad, to which I supposed you referred, behind which they formed in front of General Pope's column.

Question. Have you any knowledge of another force of the enemy, not forming a junction with this force of the enemy of which you now speak, that did lie over on the Manassas Railroad and in front of General Porter's corps?

Answer. I have already stated that I saw from the direction of the dust caused by the force that moved through Gainesville, that they did not go on that road, but came along the turnpike.

Question. From your knowledge of the position of the enemy on the 29th of August last, will you state how many of them were south of the Manassas Railroad, or in front of General Porter's command?

Answer. I do not believe, from what I know of the enemy's forces, that there was any force in front of General Porter's command on that day, except a cavalry force in observation there, with some light artillery.

The examination of this witness here closed.

The court thereupon adjourned to 11 a. m. to-morrow.

WASHINGTON, D. C., January 6, 1863.

The court met at 10 a. m., pursuant to call of its president.

Present, Major General D. Hunter, U. S. Volunteers; Major General E. A. Hitchcock, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General Rubus King, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General B. M. Prentiss, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General Silas Casey, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James A. Garfield, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General N. B. Buford, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General J. P. Slough, U. S. Volunteers; and Colonel J. Holt, Judge-Advocate-General.

The accused, with his counsel, was also present.

The minutes of the last session were then read and approved.

