
Question. Do you recollect at what hour you first met General Pope that evening on the battle-field, or near the battle-field?

Answer. I cannot tell the hour.

Question. Have you any recollection of a messenger from General Porter, bearing an order or message which he first offered to you, and which you directed him to hand to General Pope, alleged to be then in your presence?

Answer. I have not. There may have been, but I have no recollection of it.

Question. Have you been able to fix, from recollection, with any degree of certainty, the hour at which you met Captain Pope, or the messenger bearing the order from General Pope to General Porter, on the afternoon of the 29th of August?

Answer. I think I stated in my first examination here that I did not recollect the hour. All that would enable me to tell anywhere near the hour would have to be fixed by some points that I am not myself able to give. All that I know is, that while going from Bethlehem church to the Henry house hill I met this messenger on the road. I arrived at the Henry house hill, and finding that my division had not been posted on the left of Reynolds, as I had ordered, I went forward, made a reconnaissance myself, came back, sent the division forward, went forward with it, received a message from General Pope, came back to the Sudley Springs road, and took the division north to the turnpike, where I met General Pope. The distance, as I estimated it, from the head of General Porter's column to Bethlehem church was somewhere from 2 1\2 to 3 miles; and the distance from Bethlehem church to the Warrenton turnpike I suppose to be somewhere near 3 1\2 or 4 miles. These are estimates. I met the messenger of General Pope-the officer-somewhere between Bethlehem church and the turnpike. If the time could be fixed when I saw General Pope, and how long I was occupied in bringing the division forward, then you can estimate that this took place somewhere on the road. The is all that I can tell. I got upon the battle-field some time before sundown; that I can state-that I arrived on the Henry house hill some time before sundown.

Question. As early as 6 o'clock, probably?

Answer. When I got on top of that hill, it must have been an hour at least before sunset.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the ACCUSED:

Question. Do I understand you to say that you have no recollection of having met General King at all on the 29th of August last?

Answer. The witness asked that his answer to the first question in the examination of to-day might be read as his answer to the question now asked by the accused, and it was accordingly read as follows: "I do not recollect of seeing General King on that day. I have been trying to recall to mind when I saw him, If I did see him, on that day. I have asked of my staff officers, and tried to refresh my memory on that point, but I cannot recall to mind having met General King on the 29th of August last."

Question. There are some facts, perhaps, that will recall it to you recollection?

Answer. That may be.

Question. General King states that he saw you on the morning of the 29th of August.

Answer. That may be.

Question. Have you any recollection of having dismounted at any time?

Answer. Most distinctly. It is always my rule, whenever I happen to go forward myself, to dismount and rest my horse,, and that is a direction which I give to my staff, my escort, orderlies, and cavalry.

