
Examination by the COURT:

Question. From your knowledge of the condition of things on the 29th of August, was there any considerable force of the enemy in front of General Porter's corps, near the Manassas Railroad, on the south side of it?

Answer. I have no positive knowledge on that point: I have not supposed that there was, but I cannot support that supposition by any positive facts.

Question. If there had been any such force in front of General Porter's corps and south of the railroad, do you think, from your knowledge of the ground, that would have prevented General Porter from obeying the order to attack the right wing of the main body of the enemy?

The accused objected to the question, as not being in the nature of rebutting evidence. No member of the court sustaining the objection, it was soldered that the question be answered.

Answer. I do not know where the right wing of the main body of the enemy was at that time. Such a force of the enemy, in such a position, would itself most likely have been the right wing of the enemy, so far as I can maine the case. The distance from General Porter's head of column to the road at that time was not so great as to have enabled a large force of the enemy to be between them, and to be detached from the main body of the enemy.

Question. At what time did you last see General Porter on the 29th?

Answer. I have stated, in my first examination, that I could not fix the times when I left General Porter to go back to the head of my own corps, near the Bethlehem church, and I am not able to do so at this time. It was in the forenoon, at least.

Question. Are you, or are you not, confident that you did not send a message on the 29th of August to General Porter that he better remain where he was?

Answer. I do not think I did.

The examination of this witness here closed.

Major General JOHN POPE recalled by the Government, and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. In you telegraphic dispatch of the 30th of August last, which has been read to the court, giving to the Government an account of the battle of the 29th of August, you say that you fought with the combined forces of the enemy. Will you stated what is the meaning of the word "combined," as used by you in that dispatch?

Answer. During the whole morning, and until late in the afternoon of the 29th, the forces with which we were fighting, as I then understood and still understand, were the forces of Jackson, Ewell, and Hill; but before the battle closed on the 29th -I think at the time or about the time that the division of King was pushed to the front-a portion of the forces of Longstreet, leading, as I understood, the main portion of Lee's army, had gotten on the the field; how many I do not know. In that dispatch I merely meant to say, as I had previously reported to the War Department, that we had interposed between Jackson's forces and Longstreet's forces; that, on the 29th, the combined forces were those of Longstreet and Jackson.

Question. Have you any recollection of having received on the afternoon of the 29th, say about 5 o'clock, a written message from General Porter, which you retained?

Answer. I have no remembrance of that at all.

Question. Have you any recollection of having sent to him on that evening, about that hour, a verbal message by any of his officers?

Answer. I do not remember it.

