
Question. Did you then, at the time of receiving the message, expect that battle would probably be joined very soon?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. When you received from General McDowell the message to which you have testified, to the effect that he would carry General King with him, and that General Porter better remain where he was, did you or not regard that message from General McDowell as of still greater consequence and moment?

Answer. Yes, sir;it impressed me very strongly all the way up to the time that I gave it to General Porter.

Question. Did you make the best of your way to General Porter in haste to deliver the message to him?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Do you recollect distinctly that your sense of the character of that message induced you to deliver it to General Porter in a particular manner?

Answer. Yes, sir; it did impress me in that way, so that I delivered it to him in an undertone of voice, as I thought it was for his ear alone.

Question. Did these facts to which you have testified impress both of these messages upon your memory indelibly?

Answer. Yes, sir. I have never forgotten the messages, or the incidents connected therewith.

Question. About that time, after the day was over, have you any recollection that you mentioned to any other officer or officers the having borne and delivered these menages, or either of them?

Answer. Toward the close of the day, when I was sent by General Porter to General Morell with the order for him to move forward his division and attack the enemy, on my way up to General Morell, I passed Colonel (now General) Warren. He asked me where I was going, and I told him. Said he, "I will ride with you." And I told him of the message which General McDowell had given to me to carry to General Porter the afternoon of that day. That I remember distinctly.

Question. Do you remember the precise spot where you met the two officers in whose presence you delivered the message from General Porter?

Answer. I think I do.

Question. Have you any doubt that you can indicate the spot exactly?

Answer. No, sir. I think if I was on the same ground, I could go right to it, or within a very short distance of it.

Question. And you could state to the court the topographical details by which you could find it, could you not?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. At that time did you know General King, personally or by sight?

Answer. I had never seen General King, to my knowledge, before that day-that afternoon.

Question. Did you know General McDowell?

Answer. Very well.

Question. When you delivered the message from General Porter to the officer whom you met, did you first ask him if he was General King?

Answer. I did; because I did not know General King, and I wished to be sure.

