
[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, January 13, 1863.

In compliance with the Sixty-fifth Article of War, these whole proceedings are transmitted to the Secretary of War, to be laid before the President of the United States.

H. W. HALLECK,General-in-Chief.

JANUARY 21, 1863.

The foregoing proceedings, finding, and sentence in the foregoing case of Major General Fitz John Porter are approved and confirmed, and it ordered that the said Fitz John Porter be, and he hereby is, cashiered and dismissed from the service of the United States as a major-general of volunteers, and as colonel and brevet brigadier-general in the regular service of the United States, and forever disqualified from holding any office of trust profit under the Government of the United States.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

EXHIBITS.

[Government Exhibit A.]

(See map accompanying.)

[Government Exhibit b.]

The President of the United States, of America to all who shall see these presents, greeting:

Know ye that, reposing special trust and confidence in the patriotism, valor, fidelity, and abilities of John Pope, I have nominated, and, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, do appoint him major-general of volunteers in the service of the United States, to rank as such from the 21st of March, 1862. He is, therefore, carefully and diligently to discharge the duty of major-general, by doing and performing all manner of things thereunto belonging. And I do strictly charge and require all officers and soldiers under his command to be obedient to his orders as major-general. And he is to observe and follow such orders and directions, from time to time, as he shall receive from me, or the future President of the United States of America, or the general or other superior officers set over him according to the rules and discipline of war. This commission to continue in force during the pleasure of the President of the United States for the time being.

Given under my hand, at the city of Washington, this 22nd day of March, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-two, and in the eighty-sixth year of the Independence of the United States.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, December 19, 1862.

Official copy.

JAMES B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

