
(Accused, Exhibit A.)

UNITED STATES MILITARY TELEGRAPH, From Advance.

(Received August 25, 1862.)

General BURNSIDE;

Have you received my dispatches indicating my movements to-morrow? You know that Rappahannock Station is under fire from the opposite hills, and the houses were destroyed by Pope. I do not like to direct movement on such uncertain data [as] that furnished by General Halleck. I know he is misinformed of the location of some of the corps mentioned in his dispatches. Reno has not been at Kelly's for three days, and there is only a picket at Rappahannock Station, and Kearny, not Banks, is at Bealeton. Reno and Rey[nolds] are beyond my reach. I have directed Sykes to go to Rappahannock Station at 5 to morrow, and shall go there myself, via Kelly's Ford. Does General McClellan approve? About daybreak my aide and scout will be in from Balou [below]. Have you any orders? I want cavalry to remain with me for a few days. For want of grain and provisions, I have had to send home some who came up.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

(Accused, Exhibit B.)

UNITED STATES MILITARY TELEGRAPH, From Advance.

(Received August 25, 1862.)

Major General AMBROSE E. BURNSIDE:

My aide had just returned from Bealeton. He says Birney is there with two regiments, one at Rappahannock Station. Pope's headquarters are at Warrenton. Kearny at Warrenton Junction; King went to Warrenton to-day; Hooker was to go; Reno is at Sulphur Springs; Reynolds is at Warrenton; Banks and Sigel are at Sulphur Springs, fighting there to-day. A deserter came over to-day, crossing at Rappahannock Station; said enemy moving his forces to our right. Those left down this way are their regiments, which have been cut up in the battles. At Brandrett's [Brandy?] Station are 500 wagons, guarded by a small force of infantry and a squadron of cavalry. At Rappahannock Station the river is fordable for all arms. Are my arrangements satisfactory?

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

(Accused, Exhibit C.
UNITED STATES MILITARY TELEGRAPH,

From Advance, Barnett's Ford-8 a.m.

(Received August 26, 1862.)

General BURNSIDE:

All quiet at and on the Rappahannock during the night. At Kelly's Ford the impression exists that two brigades of infantry, with one regiment of cavalry, are opposite Rappahannock Station. A squadron was seen last evening opposite Kelly's. A company from Bealeton to-day say Kearny is there with his whole division. I expect Sykes to halt about 4 miles short of Bealeton, at water; and, until I can find a proper camp,

