
water is to be had only by going within range from opposite shore. I shall go by Kelly's Ford, and pass through Rappahannock Station, and Bealeton to Sykes, where my camp will be. Please have the telegraph run up that way, by troops. Barnett's and Kelly's Fords will communicate with you be telegraph. To-night many men are sick, and for want of medicines and ambulances will suffer. Have directed trains to be sent for grain.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

(Accused, Exhibit D.)

UNITED STATES MILITARY TELEGRAPH, From Deep Creek.

(Received August 25, 1862.)

General BURNSIDE:

The report to me that all Pope's cavalry at Kelly's cavalry [Ford?] was withdrawn, is an error. He left a small company after visiting the fords. I find, or think, the enemy is merely watching us at Barnett's, and was within striking distance of Kelly's. Sufficient force to resist crossing. The enemy has shown himself in small parties. I have decided to leave Griffin at Barnett's for a day longer, the remainder of Morel to Kelly's, and to-morrow, depending on information I get from a party I have sent to Rappahannock Station, to push Sykes there, or halt him in supporting distance of Morell, ready to push on the Rappahannock Station. I find the river can be crossed almost anywhere by cavalry and infantry, so that, with the exception of the prominent fords, watching is all I can do. The special fords I can hold easily. At Rappahannock Station are four companies of R. I. cavalry, and Kearny's pickets are at Bealeton. Reno and Reynolds I can hear nothing of. Reno's batteries have been withdrawn from Kelly's and Barnett's. The country is miserable, scarcely producing good telegraph poles and weeds, much less furnish subsistence for man or beast for this army.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

(Accused, Exhibit E.)

UNITED STATES MILITARY TELEGRAPH, From Bealeton Station.

(Received August 26, 1862.)

General BURNSIDE:

Have been to Rappahannock Station. I find it in possession of General Kearny, whom I will relieve to-morrow. No enemy in front; river fordable anywhere. Sykes is here; Morell, with two divisions, is at Kelly's, and Griffin at Bealeton; Reno is expected to pass to my left.

F. J. PORTER.

(Accused, Exhibit F.)

UNITED STATES MILITARY TELEGRAPH, From near Morrisville.

(Received

-----

25, 1862-11.45 a.m.)

General BURNSIDE:

I find that last night Pope's cavalry was withdrawn by order, and Kelly's Ford abandoned, without any notice to my command or the

