
(Accused, Exhibit I.)

UNITED STATES MILITARY TELEGRAPH, From Bealeton, via Washington.

(Received August 26, 1862.)

General BURNSIDE:

Sykes is within 3 miles of this, in camp, and will be up to-morrow to relieve Kearny. Reading the dispatch of last night, I expected to find Banks and Reno here. I consider the fords below perfectly safe with much less force; but for future movements, think they should remain.

Sykes will get provisions and grain here. His wagons can come up with ammunition and medical supplies.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

(Accused, Exhibit K.)

UNITED STATES MILITARY TELEGRAPH, From Advance, 5.

(Received August 26, 1862.)

General PARKE:

I dispatched you from Bealeton, under the impression that Sykes was 3 miles off. I went to Barnett's. All is well at the first two. Griffin is at first. Morell, with two divisions, at the second. I have decided to post Sykes at Bealeton, and picket with strength from infantry and artillery Rappahannock Station, and patrol with cavalry. The Rappahannock is fordable everywhere; and if the enemy desired to cross, he would do so with a larger force that I have. Camp, for want of water, cannot be found nearer, except within gunshot. I have sent back cavalry as fast as I could, and ordered them from the divisions, and directed Morell to use those at the fords. This I did before receiving your telegram. The 150 cavalry will be a good thing. Send grain. Provisions can be brought to Bealeton from Warrenton. Please send up the wagons and ambulances, and have the drivers directed to pick up in house about 9 miles from Bealeton, on right-hand side, and bring them here. The supply train must go to Barnett's and Kelly's Fords; ambulances, also, which belong to Morell's. Please have sent up to-morrow an operator and instrument for Bealeton, to work the other lines; also the corps mail.

F. J. PORTER.

(Accused, Exhibit L)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, August 23, 1862.

(Received 10.30 a.m., August 23.)

General MORELL:

Dispatch received. Move on at once to Kelly's Ford, and occupy and hold it. Relieve Griffin when Sykes gets up to him. If you are called upon to go to Rappahannock Station, move up to the support of the army there. Your artillery is on the road to you. Sykes will move up this morning and relieve Griffin.

F. J. PORTER,Major-General.

67 R R-VOL XII, PT II, SUP

