
(Accused, Exhibit M.)

2 P. M.

Generals MORELL and SYKES:

Push a scout to Rappahannock Station, and find out if Pope has the pickets near there, and gain information of Pope or the enemy. Pope attacked the enemy yesterday near Sulphur Springs, and the latter retreated; he was to renew the attack to-day, and it is probable Pope was pushing after him. Know the river at Rappahannock was not fordable. General Halleck's orders are for us to hold the Rappahannock. Your artillery is en route; also Sykes'. You will, therefore, carry out your former instructions. Re-enforcements will push up to you. All goes right.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

(Accused, Exhibit N.)

FALMOUTH, August 24.

(Received 8.30 a.m., August 25.)

Generals MORELL and SYKES:

Keep your command well on hand for any emergency, and, before advancing another step, do your utmost to ascertain the positions of Pope's forces and where the enemy is. What force is at Kelly's Ford? has the enemy been seen on the opposite bank? Give me all the information you have, and the location of your forces, and amount of cavalry at the ford. There is no more cavalry here to send you. If you can push scouts over the ford, do so as far as possible. What is the latest information? Send your dispatches so that General Sykes can see them. Direct Griffin to fix the ground or woods at Barnett's so that a small force, with artillery, can hold it. I am just informed that Pope is on the Rappahannock, at Warrenton Springs, having attacked and whipped the enemy. I wish to hold Kelly's Ford to-morrow, and hope, by the time I join you, that you will be able to inform me what is at and opposite Rappahannock Station.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

(Accused, Exhibit O.)

ASSISTANT QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE, Fort Monroe, Va.,

August 20-11 a.m.

Major General F. J. PORTER,

Commanding Fifth Corps, Newport News:

Please push off your troops without one moment's delay. The necessity is very pressing - a matter of life and death. What progress is made, and when will you be through? See me before you sail.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

