
killed and wounded, but, from the appearance of the field, the enemy lost not less than two to one. He stood strictly on the defensive, and every assault was made by ourselves. The battle was fought on the identical battle-field of Bull-Run, which greatly increased the enthusiasm of the men.

The news just reaches me from the front that the enemy is retiring toward the mountains. I go forward at once to see. We have made great captures, but I am not able yet to form an idea of their extent. Our troops behaved splendidly. I think you had better send Franklin's, Cox's, and Sturgi's regiments to Centreville, as also forage and subsistence. I received a note this morning from General Franklin, written by order of General McClellan, saying that wagons and cars would be loaded and sent up to Fairfax Station as soon as I would send a cavalry escort to Alexandria to bring them out. Such a request, when Alexandria is full of troops and we fighting the enemy, needs no comment. Will these supplies sent, without the least delay, to Centreville?

JOHN POPE,

Major-General.

(Accused, Exhibit No. 1.)

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 1, 1862-5.30 p.m.

Major-General PORTER,

Centreville, Commanding Sixth [Fifth] Corps:

I ask of you, for my sake, that the country, and of the old Army of the Potomac, that you and all friends will lend the fullest and most cordial co-operation to General Pope in all the operations now going on. The distresses [destinies] of our country, the honor of our arms, are at stake, and all depends now upon the cheerful

co-operation of all in the field. This week is the crisis of our fate. Say the same thing to all my friends in the Army of the Potomac, and that the last request I have to make of them is, that for their country's sake they will extend to General Pope the same support they ever have to me. I am in charge of the defenses of Washington. I am doing all I can to render your retreat safe, should that become necessary.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

(Accused, Exhibit No. 2.)

FAIRFAX COURT-HOUSE, September 2, 1862-10 a.m.

General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Washington:

You may rest assured that all your friends, as well as every lover of his country, will ever give, as they have given, to General Pope their cordial co-operation and constant support in the execution of all orders and plans. Our killed, wounded, and enfeebled troops attest our devoted duty.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

