
Longstreet, so that, without a long detour, he cannot join Ewell, Jackson, and A. P. Hill, who are, or supposed to be, at Manassas. Ewell's train, he says, took the road to Gainesville, where McDowell is coming from. We shall be to-day as follows: I on right of railroad, Heintzelman on left, then Reno, then McDowell. He hopes to get Ewell, and to push to Manassas to-day. I hope all goes well near Washington; I think there need be no cause of fear for us. I feel as if on my own way now, and thus far have kept my command and trains well up. More supplies than I supposed on hand have been brought, but none to spare, and we must make connection soon. I hope for the best, and my lucky star is always up about my birthday, the 31st. I hope Mac's is up also. You will hear of us soon by way of Alexandria.

Ever yours,

F. J. P.

(Exhibit No. 7.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, August 27, 1862.

Major-General MORELL,Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you hurry up with your command. Pass through Bealeton and Fayetteville, and join the commanding general in the vicinity of Warrenton. Smead will be directed to join and report to you with his battery. When your command passes through Bealeton and Fayetteville, have your ranks well closed up, so that a good impression may be made by the appearance of our troops. Permit no straggling. After getting to Bealeton, send all your men belonging to the cavalry back to their commands. If Griffin cannot get all the way up to-day, let him stop at Bealeton. Try and keep three days' cooked rations always in the possession of your men.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL: Lose no time in getting up. You will find me near Warrenton, and, if you send forward an officer to me, will have your located. Do all your can to get up provisions, and put as much bread in haversacks as possible; three days'. We go right to the railroad, and, with your cattle, will manage to get all that is wanted. Hurry up Griffin. Don't wait for him. Hope you are improving.

F. J. PORTER.

WILLARD'S HOTEL, December 29, 1862.

Hon. JOSEPH HOLT, Judge-Advocate,&amp;c.:

SIR: I am directed by Special Orders, No. 364, Army of the Potomac, December 27, 1862, to report to you as a witness in the case of Major-General Porter. I am suffering from a severe headache and symptoms of fever this morning, and shall remain, with your permission, at my room at Willard's, subject to your call. Trusting you will have no objection to this course.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

DANIEL BUTTERFIELD,

Brigadier-General.

