
[Received a few minutes before daybreak, August 30, 1862.]

General MORELL:

Lose not a moment in withdrawing and coming down the road to me. The wagons which went up send down at once, and have the road cleared, and send me word when you have all in motion. Your command must follow Sykes.

F. J. P.

General MORELL;

I wish you to push up two regiments, supported by two others, preceded by skirmishers, the regiments at intervals of 200 yards, and attack the party, with the section of a battery, opposed to you. The battle works well on our right,and the enemy are said to be retiring up the pike. Give the enemy a good shelling when our troops advance.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA, Warrenton Junction,August 27, 1862-4 o'clock a.m.

Major General F. J. PORTER,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your note of 11 p.m. yesterday is received. Major-General Pope directs me to say that under the circumstances stated by you in relation to your command, he desires you to march direct to this place as rapidly as possible. The troops behind you at Barnett's Ford will be directed by you to march at once direct to this place, or Weaversville, without going to Rappahannock Station. Forage is hard to get, and you must graze your animals as far as you can do so. The enemy's cavalry has intercepted our railway communication near Manassas, and he seems to be advancing with a heavy force along the Manassas Gap Railroad. We will probably move to attack him to-morrow in the neighborhood of Gainesville, which may bring our line farther back toward Washington. Of this I will endeavor to notify you in time. You should get here as early in the day

to-morrow as possible, in order to render assistance, should it be needed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CENTREVILLE, August 30, 1862.

MY DEAR GENERAL: I send you copies of some orders under which I have moved lately. I advanced in pursuit of the enemy, and struck the center of his line, especially under the direction of General Lee, and was whipped, as was the whole army, badly; that is, it was overpowered. Two of Morell's brigades were in action under Butterfiled, and two of Sykes' (Buchanan and Chapman), and they did nobly. the latter lost by volunteers firing into them before passing through them. They were not sustained on the right, and had to retire. The Pennsylvania Reserves did beautifully. They show the advantage of being well led by Reynolds, Meade, Seymour, and Jackson. A battery was lost and retaken by them, but again lost after gallant resistance. Warren has only 187 men left, not one missing, and only three commissioned

