
at and immediately in front of Warrenton; Reno on his right; Cox joins to-morrow, Sturgis next day, and Franklin is expected. So says General Pope.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

General McDOWELL and KING:

I found it impossible to communicate by crossing the woods to Groveton. The enemy are in strong on this road, and as they appear to have driven our forces back - the firing of the enemy having advanced and ours retired - I have determined to withdraw to Manassas. I have attempted to communicate with McDowell and Sigel, but my messengers have run into the enemy. They have gathered artillery and cavalry and infantry, and the advancing masses of dust show the enemy coming in force. I am now going to the head of the column to see what is passing and how affairs are going. Had you not better send your train back?

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

And will communicate with you.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,

No.-. Warrenton Junction, August 27, 1862.

The following movement of troops will be made, viz:

Major-General McDowell, with his own and Sigel's corps, and the division of Brigadier-General Reynolds, will pursue the turnpike from Warrenton to Gainesville, so as to reach Gainesville, if possible, to-night. The army corps of General Heintzelman, with the detachment of the Ninth Corps, under Major-General Reno (General Reno leading), will take the road from Catlett's Station to Greenwich, so as to reach there to-night or early in the morning. Major-General Reno will immediately communicate with Major-General McDowell; and his command, as well as that of Major-General Heintzelman, will support Major-General McDowell in any operations the enemy.

Major General Fitz John Porter will remain at Warrenton Junction till he is relieved by Major-General Banks, when he will immediately push forward with his corps in the direction of Greenwich and Gainesville, to assist the operations on the right wing. Major-General Banks, as soon as he arrives at Warrenton Junction, will assume the charge of the trains, and cover their movement toward Manassas Junction. The train of his own corps, under escort of two

regiments of infantry and a battery of artillery, will pursue the road south of the railroad which conducts into the rear of Manassas Junction. As soon as all the trains have passed Warrenton Junction, he will take post behind Cedar Run, covering the fords and bridges of that stream, and holding his position as long as possible. He will cause all the railroad trains to be loaded with the public and private stores now here, and run them back toward Manassas Junction as far as the railroad is practicable. Wherever a bridge is burned so as to prevent the farther passage of the railroad trains, he will assemble them all as near together as possible, and protect them with is command until the bridges are rebuilt. If the enemy is too strong before him before the bridges can be repaired, he will be careful to destroy entirely the trains, locomotives, and stores before he

