
fall back in the direction of Manassas Junction. He is, however, to understand that he is to defend his position as long as possible, keeping himself in constant communication with Major-General Porter on his right. If any sick now in hospital at Warrenton Junction are not provided for, and able to be transported, he will have them loaded into the wagon train of his own corps (even should this necessitate the destruction of much baggage and regimental property),and carried to Manassas Junction. The very important duty devolved upon Major-General Banks the major-general commanding the Army of Virginia feels assured that he will discharge with intelligence, courage, and fidelity. The general's headquarters will be with the corps of Major-General Heintzelman until further notice.

By command of Major-General Pope;

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

FALMOUTH, August 29, 1862-1 p.m.

(Received 1 p.m.-Cipher.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief, and

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Alexandria:

The following just received from Porter, 4 miles from Manassas, the 28th, 2 p.m.:

All that talk of bagging Jackson, &amp;c., was bosh. That enormous gap-Manassas - was left open, and the enemy jumped through, and the story of McDowell having cut off Longstreet had no good foundation. The enemy have destroyed all our bridges, burned trains, &c., and made this army rush back to look at its line of communication, and find us bare of subsistence. We are far from Alexandria, considerating the means of transportation. Your supply train of 40 wagons is here, but I himself find them. There is a report that Jackson is at Centreville, which you can believe or not. The enemy destroyed an immense amount of property at Manassas - cars and supplies. I expect the next thing be a raid on our rear by way of Warrenton by Longstreet, who was cut off.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

This is the latest news.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

FALMOUTH, VA., 29th-5 1/4 p.m.

(Received 5.30 p.m., August 29, 1862.)

General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following message has just been received:

BRISTOE, 29th-6 a.m.

General BURNSIDE:

Shall be off in half an hour. The messenger who brought this says the enemy had been at Centreville, and pickets were found there last night.

Sigel had severe fight last night; took many prisoner. Banks is at Warrenton Junction; McDowell near Gainesville; Heintzelman and Reno at Centreville, where they marched yesterday. Pope went to Centreville with the last two as a body guard, at the time not knowing where was the enemy, and where Sigel was fighting - within 8 miles of him and in sight. Comment is unnecessary.

The enormous trains are still rolling on. Many privates [animals] not having been watched [watered] for fifty hours, I shall be out of provisions to-morrow night. Your

