
No. 2. SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,
 ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

No. 364. Washington, November 26, 1862.

*		*		*		*		*		*

V. Brigadier General J. P. Slough, U. S. Volunteers, is hereby detailed a member of the general court-martial ordered to assemble on the 27th instant, by Special Orders, No. 362, November 25, 1862, from the Headquarters of the Army, or as soon thereafter as practicable, for the trial of Major General Fitz John Porter, U. S. Volunteers;and Bvt. Brigadier General W. W. Moris, U. S. Army, is hereby relieved from the operation of said order.

By command of Major-General Halleck:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

JUDGE ADVOCATE-GENERAL, U. S. ARMY.

No. 3. WASHINGTON CITY, December 2, 1862.

Major General D. HUNTER,

President of General Court-Martial, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I respectfully ask of the court, through you, that its proceedings may be open, not merely to the public, but also to the press.

Accusations of a most serious character are laid against me. They extend over a short period, embracing important operations, and are connected with whatever of success or disaster has attended some of those operations. The impression had gone forth that I am, in a degree, responsible for the latter, and I am charged with preventing success. My character has been assailed, through the public press, with charges of "doubtful loyalty," and my name stained with such epithets as "traitor" or "semi-traitor."

If the testimony elicited by this court sustains the allegations, I alone am the sufferer by the publicity. If my innocence be proved after the impartial investigation which I am confident this honorable body will require, let my country men be convinced that the confidence reposed in me was not misplaced, and that by this investigation the Government designs to do justice to our country and to those engaged in fighting her battles.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

DECEMBER 3, 1862.

P. S.-I see, to-day, published in the morning papers, the report of the General-in-chief, in which he comments on some of the matter for investigation before this court. The presentation of that matter at the and I ask, while my trail is going on, is apt to prejudice the public mind, and I ask, therefore, that this application be granted. I the more urge this, as the Genera-in-Chief refrains, he says, from commenting on matter of complaint against General Buell, because his trial is progressing.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

