
aggregate to some 18,000 men, through the skill and gallantry of my officers and the indomitable bravery of my troops, I succeeded in totally repulsing, and with slaughter unexampled in any modern battle, long-continued, desperate, and most gallant assaults of from 30,000 to 40,000 of the enemy, evidently as brave soldiers as ever trod the battle-field. For my services at Hanover Court-House I received the recommendation of my chief for the brevet of brigadier-general in the Regular Army, and the like recommendation for services at Gaines' Mill, for the brevet of major-general in the Regular Army. This recommendation is dated the 9th of July, 1862, and is as follows:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, Camp near Harrison's Bar,July 9, 1862.

Hon. E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The energy, ability, gallantry, and good conduct displayed throughout the eventful period of this campaign, through which we have just passed, by Brigadier General F. J. Porter, deserves the marked notice of the Executive and of the nation. From the very commencement, his unwearied assiduity in his various duties, the intelligent and efficacious assistance which he has rendered me under all circumstances, his skillful management of his command on the march, in the siege, or on the field of battle, and his chivalric and soldierly bearing under fire, have combined to render him conspicuous among the many faithful and gallant spirits of this army. I respectfully, therefore, recommend that Brigadier General Fitz John Porter receive the brevet of brigadier-general in the Regular army for Hanover Court-House, May 27, and the brevet of major-general in the Regular Army for the battle of Gaines' Mill, June 27.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-If there were another grade to add, I would ask it for the battle of Malvern. The latter eclipses in its result any other engagement in the campaign, and too much credit cannot be given to General Porter for his skill, gallantry, and conduct on that occasion. If there be any vacancy among the general officers in the Regular Army, I ask one for him. I saw myself the dispositions he made and the gallantry he displayed. I do not speak from hearsay, but from personal observation. Would that the country had more general officers like him.

GEO. B. McCLLELAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 9, 1863.

A true copy.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Prior, however, to the receipt by the honorable Secretary of War of this letter, I had, unsolicited, been promoted by the President a major-general of volunteers and a brevet brigadier-general in the Regular Army.

May I not confidently refer to these testimonials of the President and of my general as of themselves a confutation of the calumnies with which reckless ignorance or interested malice have for months endeavored to fill the public ear?

Traitor to my country! When did treason so endeavor to maintain the authority of its Government?

Traitor to my country! When did treason so labor and peril life to rescue it from destruction?

Traitor to my country! Indifferent to the honor of its flag, gratifying a supposed personal dislike, regardless of the safety and reputation of the men intrusted to my command, and who had followed me, and apparently with ever-increased confidence, through the terrific ordeal, the fire of battles unparalleled in fierceness, fury, and mortality! If the

