
had been furnished to Major-General Porter only this morning, and suggested that the court adjourn, in order to afford General Porter and opportunity of considering those charges before being called upon to plead thereto.

By direction of the president of the court, inquiry was made of general Porter whether he desired time to examine the charges against him.

General Porter replied that he had just received a copy of the charges against him, and in order to examine them and to decide upon what witnesses he should want to be called, he would desire to have until Thursday morning next, at which time he hoped to be able to hand in a list of witnesses.

General King being still absent, the judge-advocate was requested to inform the authority by which this court has been ordered of that fact, and to respectfully ask whether any further order is required to enable the court to proceed to business.

The room was cleared, and the court proceeded to deliberate with closed doors.

After some time the doors were reopened; whereupon the court adjourned to 11 a. m. to-morrow.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 2, 1862.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major General D. Hunter, U. S. Volunteers; Major General E. A. Hitchcock, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General B. M. Prentiss, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Volunteers; Brig General Silas Casey, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General N. B. Buford, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General J. P. Slough, U. S. Volunteers; Colonel J. Holt, Judge-Advocate-General. Absent, Brigadier General Rufus King, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James A. Garfield, U. S. Volunteers.

The accused was present.

The minutes of the last session were read and approved.

The judge-advocate stated to the court that, in pursuance of the instructions of the court yesterday, he had consulted the General-in-Chief, by whom this court-martial was ordered, and his reply was that he did not consider any further order necessary to enable this court to proceed to business, but that General King was expected by every arrival, and, if he did not reach here very soon, his place would be supplied. It seemed to be desire of the General-in-Chief that the court should be full.

The president of the court stated that he had received a letter from General King, who wrote that he had seen in the newspapers that he was upon this court; but as he had received no official notification to that effect, he did not feel himself authorized to leave his command.

The judge-advocate said that he had been assured, at the Adjutant-General's Office, that notice had been immediately sent to General King of his appointment. General King would also be telegraphed to-day.

Whereupon the court adjourned to 11 a. m. to-morrow.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 3, 1862.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major General D. Hunter, U. S. Volunteers; Major General E. A. Hitchcock, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General Rufus King, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General B. M. Prentiss, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General Silas Casey, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier

