
Whereupon the accused entered the following plea:

To Specification 1st, CHARGE 1ST, "Not guilty."

To Specification 2nd, CHARGE 1ST, "Not guilty."

To Specification 3rd, CHARGE 1ST, "Not guilty."

To Specification 4th, CHARGE 1ST, "Not guilty."

To Specification 5th, CHARGE 1ST, "Not guilty."

And to the CHARGE, "Not guilty."

To Specification 1st, CHARGE 2ND, "Not guilty."

To Specification 2nd, CHARGE 2ND, "Not guilty."

To Specification 3rd, CHARGE 2ND, "Not guilty."

And to the CHARGE, "Not guilty."

The judge-advocate stated that there were no witnesses now in attendance.

Whereupon the court adjourned to 11 a. m. to-morrow.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 4, 1862.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major General D. Hunter, U. S. Volunteers; Major General E. A. Hitchcock, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General Rufus King, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General B. M. Prentiss, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General Silas Casey, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James A. Garfield, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General N. B. Buford, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General J. P. Slough, U. S. Volunteers; Colonel J. Holt, Judge-Advocate-General.

The accused, with his counsel, was also present.

The minutes of the preceding session were read and approved.

The judge-advocate laid before the court for its use during the trial a map, marked "Government Exhibit A," being a map entitled "Map of Northeastern Virginia and vicinity of Washington, compiled at topographical Engineers' Office, at division headquarters of General Irvin McDowell, Arlington, January 1, 1862, from published and manuscript maps corrected by recent surveys and reconnaissances."

The court then proceeded to the examination of witnesses.

Major General JOHN POPE was called by the Government, sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Will you state to the court what position you occupy in the military service of the United States?

Answer. I hold a commission as brigadier-general in the Regular Army and as major-general of volunteers.

Question. What was your position and command and what the field of your operations on the 27th of August last?

Answer. Do you mean my military position as commander?

Question. Yes, sir.

Answer. I commanded the Army of Virginia, which, as originally constituted, consisted of the army corps of McDowell, Banks, and Fremont. These, by the 27th of August, had been re-enforced by a portion of General Burnside's command, by General Heintzelman's corps, and, on the morning of the 27th, by a part of General Porter's corps. A portion of my command, also, consisted of the troops under General Sturgis, which had begun to come up to Warrenton Junction. I was myself, on the morning of the 27th, at Warrenton Junction. The field of operations of the army at that time covered the region of country between the Warrenton Turnpike and the Orange and Alexandria Railroad.

