
Question. At what time on the 27th did you leave Warrenton Junction, and in what direction did you march?

Answer. I left Warrenton Junction before midday, I think, though the precise hour I do not remember, and moved east along the railroad, following the movements of Hooker's division, toward Manassas Junction.

Question. At what time did General porter arrive with his command, or the portion of his command of which you speak, at Warrenton Junction?

Answer. I think between the hours o f 7 and 10 o'clock in the morning of the 27th of August.

Question. How many troops had he then with him?

Answer. He reported to me that he had brought up Sykes' division of regulars, numbering 4,500 men.

Question. Did you see his troops; and, if so, what was their condition?

Answer. I only saw them at a distance, as they passed along; not sufficiently near to ascertain anything about that.

Question. Did you, or not, after you left Warrenton Junction and proceeded along the road east, issue to Major-General Porter and order in reference to the movements of his troops; and, if so, what was the character of that order?

Answer. I issued an order to General Porter late in the afternoon of the 27th, directing him to move with his command at 1 o'clock that night to the position I then occupied at Kettle Run; that if General Morell with his other division was not up to Warrenton Junction when he received that order, to send back and hurry him up, and to come forward himself with the troops which he had. That is my remembrance of the order. I gave him some further directions concerning General Banks' movement, the substance of which I remember very well, but not the precise words.

Question. Will you look at this order, which is dated "Headquarters Army of Virginia, August 27, 1862, 6.30 p. m., Bristoe Station, to Major General F. J. Porter, Warrenton Junction," and state whether or not that is the order to which you refer in your answer.

Answer. That is the order I issued.

The accused admitted that the order shown to witness is the order a copy of which is set forth in the first specification of first charge.

Question. Will you explain to the court the reasons for the urgency of the order, as indicated by the following words of the order: "It is necessary on all accounts that you should be here by daylight. I send an officer with this dispatch, who will conduct you to this place?"

Answer. General Hooker's division had had a severe fight along the railroad, commencing some 4 miles west of Bristoe Station, and had succeeded in driving the division of General Ewell back along the road, but without putting it to rout; so that at dark Ewell's forces still confronted Hooker's division along the banks of a small stream at Bristoe Station. Just at dark, Hooker sent me work, and General Heintzelman also reported to me, that he (Hooker) was almost entirely out of ammunition, having but five rounds to a man left, and that, if any action took place in the morning, he would, in consequence, be without the means of making any considerable defense. As it was known that Jackson, with his own and the division of A. P. Hill, was at or in the vicinity of Manassas Junction, and near enough to advance to the support of Ewell, it was altogether probable that, if he should learn the weakness of our forces there, he would unite,and make an attack in the morning. It was for that purpose that I was so anxious that General Porter's corps should be present by daylight, the earliest moment at which it was likely the attack would be made.

Question. What distance would General Porter have had to march to have obeyed your order?

Answer. About 9 miles.

