
across the Warrenton turnpike, facing to the west, and near the little town of Groveton, or at it, almost at the point where the road from Manassas Junction to Sudley Springs-the Sudley Springs road, I think it is called-crosses Warrenton turnpike a little in advance of that road.

The judge-advocate stated that the first order referred to by the witness in his answer to the last interrogatory is not referred to in the specifications, being superseded by a subsequent order.

Question. Excluding from view the first order given on the morning of the 29th of August, and which directed General Porter to fall back upon Centreville, and which, you say, was superseded by a subsequent order, are or are not the other three orders which you have enumerated in your last answer, given to General Porter on that day, the same which are set forth in the second, third, and fourth specifications of the first charge preferred against him? [Handing witness the charges and specifications.]

Answer. [After examining them.] They are the same orders.

Question. Do you mean to say that the order set forth in the second specification, addressed to Generals McDowell and Porter, is the one which superseded that first order?

Answer. No, sir. There was one sent to General Porter previously to that time giving nearly the same directions, and which is referred to in that joint order as having been given an hour and a half before. I repeated that second order in detail, because I was not sure that General Porter had received the order refereed to there as having been sent to him an hour and a half before.

Question. At what hour in the morning was this order issued, addressed to Generals McDowell and Porter, and set forth in the second specification of the first charge?

Answer. I do not remember distinctly. I think it was somewhere between 8 and 9 o'clock in the morning.

Question. Was there an engagement then pending?

Answer. Fighting was then going on along the turnpike that led from Centreville to Warrenton-fighting was going on quite sharply.

Question. Did the march of General Porter's command, as indicated in that order, lead him toward that battle?

Answer. Yes, sir; it led him toward the flank of the enemy.

Question. What forces had he under his command that morning when that order was issued?

Answer. He had, or should have had, at Manassas Junction, the whole of his own corps, which, from his report to me at Warrenton Junction, I understood to be between 8,500 and 9,000 men. I had added t his command the troops forming the brigade commanded by General Piatt. They were to belong to the division of General Sturgis, and I think they numbered about 3,500 men. Their exact strength I do not know. That was the impression I got from General Sturgis.

Question. Was that his entire command?

Answer. That was his entire command. I understood him to have had from 12,000 to 12,500 men at Manassas Junction.

Question. What was the distance between Manassas Junction and the scene of this engagement of which you speak?

Answer. Between 5 and 6 miles, I think, though I had not been myself over the road.

Question. Do you know the character of the road? Had you passed over it?

Answer. I had not passed over it.

53 R R-VOL XII, PT II, SUP

