
plans and intentions, so far and so fully that he knew the critical condition of your army, and the importance of rapid movements and prompt and energetic action to secure your supplies and to guarantee success?

Answer. It had been my habit to talk very freely with all officer having large commands in the army which I commanded. How far I informed General Porter I am not now able to say. But I should presume, form my habitual practice, and from conversations that I had with him, that he understood pretty fully the condition of the army and the position of the various corps of the army. What I regarded as a necessity, it is altogether possible he might have had a different opinion about. There-fore, I cannot say that he understood the necessity which I understood.

Question. What I meant to ask was, whether he was not fully aware of your own convictions as to the necessity of prompt and vigorous movements to save your army?

Answer. I cannot say, of my own knowledge, that he knew that. It seems to me that be ought to have known it; beyond that, I cannot say.

Question. Did, or did not, in your judgment, the safety of your army and of the capital at this crisis require extraordinary personal exertions and sacrifices on the part of all your command?

Answer. I certainly so understood it. or several of the battle which I fought there against superior forces I should not have fought.

By the ACCUSED:

Question. At what time after the order of the 27th of August, and where, did you see the accused?

Answer. I saw him at Bristoe Station, where I had passed the night, and to which point he had been ordered.

Question. At what time of the day or night?

Answer. I think about 8 o'clock in the morning of the 28th.

Question. Had you any conversation with him in relation to the order of the 27th, and his having obeyed or disobeyed it; and, if so, what?

Answer. I do not remember having any conversation with him in reference to obeying or disobeying the order, although I had much conversation with him.

Question. Try to recollect if you complained to him then, at any time during that conversation, that he had not obeyed the order of the 27th, or whether he gave to you any explanation in relation to what he had done under that order.

Answer. I should not be likely to complain to my subordinate officer of a disobedience to my orders. I am, therefore, very sure that I did not complain to General Porter. I am not sure that he gave me any explanations. I have a general recollection that he spoke to me of his march, and the difficulties that he had in getting wagons out of the road; but the particulars I do not remember, as I was very much occupied, and the necessity which made his presence important had passed away. His conversation on that subject, therefore, failed to make an impression upon my mind. I have a general remembrance that he gave me some account of his march, and the difficulty he had in getting through the wagon trains, but it is very indistinct.

Question. Recollect, if you can, whether, upon hearing his explanations, you did or did to express yourself satisfied.

Answer. No, sir; I have no remembrance of that.

Question. Are you certain that you did not?

Answer. I cannot be positively certain that I did not, but I am sure that it is quite impossible that I could have been satisfied.

Question. Did you at any other time, or on the day of the 28th, express yourself as having been satisfied with the manner in which he had carried out, or tried to carry out, your orders?

