
Answer. No, sir. i had a conversation with General Porter at Fairfax Court-House, in which I told him, as distinctly as I thought it was necessary to tell him, that I was not satisfied, and I did so in consequence of a question of General Porter, which he seemed to make a point of to me, in asking at Fairfax Court-House whether I had had any occasion to be dissatisfied with the manner in which he had discharged his duties. I replied to him that I had had occasion to be dissatisfied, and mentioned certain particulars, i think, in which I had had that occasion.

Question. Will you state the particulars in which at that period you expressed yourself dissatisfied?

Answer. I mentioned, as well as I recollect, the disobedience of orders at Bristoe Station, and his failure on the field of battle on the 29th. i also mentioned to him the absence of Griffin's command, and its remaining the whole day at Centreville, in sight of the battle-field, and not coming on the field, as being among the reasons I had for being dissatisfied.

Question. Did he give you any, and if so, what, explanation in answer to your expressions of dissatisfaction?

Answer. I understood him to say in relation to Griffin that he did not know, did not understand exactly how Griffin had got to Centreville. In relation to the other matters, I do not know that he gave any explanation. It was no time for explanations. We were at Fairfax Court-House, in the midst of a great deal of confusion, troops passing backward and forward, and we were expecting to move at any moment. This conversation occurred in two or three minutes, i should think. He was in the room where I was. Perhaps three minutes covered the whole time we were talking.

Question. Are you sure it was not longer; say, about a half an hour?

Answer. I think not a half an hour. I should think five minutes would cover what conversation General Porter and I had there. It might, perhaps, have been more, but that is my recollection of it.

Question. If you can recollect, state who were in the room besides yourself and General Porter.

Answer. There were several persons in the room, four or five, perhaps, if not more than that; I do not now recollect who they were. The conversation I had with General Porter was while I was sitting on a sofa on one side of the room. Persons were coming in and going out. There were quite a number of persons in the room. i do not now remember who were there.

Question. Can you recollect the name of any one person who was in the room? If so, state it.

Answer. I have a general impression that General Hooker was there; McDowell, I think, was there; if not at the moment, they were back and forth int he room; possibly Heintzelman was there also.

Question. Do you remember whether Colonel Ruggles was there or hot?

Answer. I think it altogether likely he was there, although I do not remember.

Question. Have you at any time, and when, had a conversation with Colonel Ruggles in relation to what passed between you and the accused on the occasion refereed to? And, if you had, state what it was.

Answer. I do not remember to have had any conversation with Colonel Ruggles on that subject, though I mentioned to one or two persons about that time, perhaps a short time afterward, that General Porter had asked at Fairfax Court-House in relation to his conduct. It is possible that Colonel Ruggles may have been among the persons who heard these remarks, and to whom I made remarks; I am not sure about that.

Question. Try and recollect if you had a conversation with Colonel Ruggles, after your final report of the battles, in relation to the charges and imputations against the accused, and whether he did not tell you that he had heard you say to the accused that you had no fault to find with him.

Answer. I have no remembrance of any such conversation.

