
end of the road cleared, so as to enable the accused to get to you as rapidly or as fast as he could with his corps?

Answer. I received at least one such request-probably more than that. I am inclined to think two-one I am sure of, to that effect. And I sent officers back to try and clear the road of wagons, as far as possible, to facilitate his movements as much as I could.

Question. When you received the message or messages of which you have just spoken, do you know whether the accused was on his march, in obedience to your order of the 27th of August?

Answer. I do not know that he was. On the contrary, from a note that I had received from him, I did not understand that the would march until daylight in the morning.

Question. Have you in your possession, or can you readily find in this city, that note?

Answer. I cannot, as I stated in my evidence yesterday. As the same statements contained in the note were made to my aide-de-camp, if other testimony on that subject is necessary it can be got from him.

Question. When you received the note which, according to your recollection, stated that he would be unable to march, or would not march, until daylight, will you state at what hour you received it?

Answer. I think that in my testimony I stated that it was quite late in the night. I do not remember exactly he hour; I think toward morning, toward alight; perhaps a little before that.

Question. Did you take any steps by message, or order in another form, to the accused, to expedite his march?

Answer. i sent back several officers to try and see General Porter, and request him to hurry up and report to me where his troops were, as I very apprehensive that after day had dawned we should have an attack upon us from the enemy.

Question. Did said officers return; and, if so, what report did they make to you?

Answer. I think they all returned. The report made to me was that General Porter was coming along very slowly, and was pushing the wagons out of the road.

Question. Have you said that the road was a double one-the road other than the railroad?

Answer. I have said that parts of the way it was so; how far, I do not know.

Question. What do you mean by a "double road?"

Answer. I meant by that merely that was a track for wagons on each side of the railroad.

Question. Wagons could go abreast, with the railroad between them?

Answer. Part of the way.

Question. Do you know at what time the accused received your order dated "Centreville, August 29, 1862?"

Answer. I do not know at what time he received it.

Question. Do you recollect-if, so, state-at what time you sent it?

Answer. As I stated in my testimony yesterday, as far as my remembrance goes, it was somewhere between 8 and 9 o'clock in the morning. It was my practice to mark upon every order I issued the precise hour at which it was sent. I have not seem the order for a long time. i think there is an indorsement, at the bottom of the company o the order, of the time it was delivered. My own recollection is that it was sent between 8 and 9 o'clock in the morning, it might have been later than that.

Question. In the order the 29th August you state that you had sent General Porter written orders to the effect stated in that order of

