
should march to Gainesville, in the execution of your written order referred to in the joint order of the 29th August?

Answer. I intended him to march on the direct road from Manassas Junction to Gainesville.

Question. Would that road have brought the accused and his command to the battle-field at Groveton?

Answer. It would not have brought them onto the battle-field at Groveton. At the time that order was issued, it was not known exactly where the enemy could be brought to a stand. The object of the movement, therefore, was to bring the different corps of the army in such a position that they could always assail the enemy at any point between where he was then on the Warrenton turnpike and Gainesville. The Warrenton turnpike, upon which the enemy was retreating, and the road from Manassas Junction to Gainesville, come together at Gainesville. Therefore, in marching from Manassas Junction to Gainesville, you are all the time approaching the Warrenton turnpike.

At this stage of the examination the court adjourned to 11 a. m. tomorrow.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 6, 1862.

The court met pursuant to adjournment.

Present, Major General D. Hunter, U. S. Volunteers; Major General E. A. Hitchcock, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General Rufus King, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General B. M. Prentiss, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General Silas Casey, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General N. B. Buford, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General J. P. Slough, U. S. Volunteers; and Colonel J. Holt, Judge-Advocate-General.

The accused, with his counsel, was also present.

The minutes of the preceding session were read and approved.

The judge-advocate here mentioned to the court that gross inaccuracies, in the publication of the testimony given before this court by Major-General Pope, had been brought to his notice as having occurred in several newspapers.

Whereupon the court was cleared.

After some time the court was reopened, and the judge-advocate announced that, in view of the statement made by the judge-advocate, the court desire the president of the court to caution reporters that, if incorrect reports of evidence and proceedings in this court continue to appear in the public press, the court may find it necessary to take such action as will correct the abuse.

The president thereupon accordingly cautioned those reporters who were present.

The examination of Major General JOHN POPE was then resumed by the accused, as follows:

Question. Will you state, as accurately as you can, in what particular the accused failed to carry out your joint order of the 29th of August?

Answer. I can only state the facts from the reports of others, as I did not myself see the accused during the 29th of August, nor did I know of his exact position on that day until it was reported to me by my aide-de-camp, quite late in the evening, when he returned from the delivery of the order to him.

Question. Will you state, as accurately as you can recollect, from the information that you have received up to the present time from any quarter, in what particular or particulars the accused failed to vary out that joint order?

Answer. I have stated that the accused had failed, in my opinion, to carry out that order, first, because I believed that if he had attacked the enemy on the flank, as he

