
was directed, I should have known it, being myself on the field of battle and near to the front. I relation to the joint order to the 29th, I have General Porter's note to Generals McDowell and King, in which he himself states that he has not fully obeyed that joint order of the 29th of August.

The judge-advocate produced and read a paper as follows:

Generals MCDOWELL and KING:

I found it impossible to communicate by crossing the woods to Groveton. The enemy are in strong force on this road, and, as they appear to have driven our force back,the firing of enemy having advance and ours retired, I have determined to withdraw to Manassas. I have attempted to communicate with McDowell nd Sigel, but my messengers have run into the enemy. They have gathered artillery and cavalry and infantry, and the advancing masses of dust show the enemy coming in force. I am now going to the head of the column to see what is passing and how affairs are going. Had you not better send your train back?

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

and will communicate with you.

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Is this the note of the accused to which you refer?

Answer. That is the note.

By the ACCUSED:

Question. Will you state on what day, and at what hour of the day, you received the note just read:

Answer. I received it on the night of the 29th of August; I think between 7 and 8 o'clock in the evening.

Question. Did you, after that time, and after the receipt of that note, receive another note from the accused; and, if so, have you that other note?

Answer. I do not remember to have received another note; I certainly have not got it anywhere amongst my papers.

Question. Have you any recollection now, without looking at the paper, that you admit in your official report the reception of that other note?

Answer. No, sir; I have not. The note to which I refer in my official report was the note to Generals McDowell and King which I received. That note, as I understand, was brought direct to me, and note delivered to General McDowell, and, so far as I understand, not to General King.

Question. If you did not receive another note, did you receive information from the accused as to his position after the reception of the note which has been produced?

Answer. The only information that I remember to have received of the position of the accused I received from General McDowell when he arrived on the field, and from my aide-de-camp, who reported his position when he returned from delivering him the order dated at half-past 4 in the afternoon. I do not remember to have received any other information.

Question. Recollect, if you can, whether you received a note by hands of one of your own aides, after the reception of the first note, stating that the accused was there in position, and could hold it, and perhaps attack, if strengthened by the division you had taken from him-King's division-or another?

Answer. I do not remember to have received a note; but I remember that my aide-de-cam told me that General Porter stated to him, or in his hearing-perhaps sent me word; I am not quite sure about that-that if he had King's division, he could make a dash, or something of that kind. Whether it came in a note or by word of mouth, I am not clear; I rather think it was brought to me by the aide-de-camp, as near as I can remember, who carried my order to General Porter.

54 R R-VOL XII, PT II, SUP

