
Answer. I have stated that I did not know the exact position of the accused beyond the fact that I felt sure, from the orders I had given him, that he was somewhere between Manassas Junction and Gainesville, on the direct road to Gainesville. His exact position on that road, as I said before, I do not know.

Question. Then you cannot point it out?

Answer. I do not know exactly where it was; I can point out somewhere between Manassas Junction and Gainesville.

Question. Point out as accurately as you can.

Answer [referring to the map]. I can only say he was somewhere between these two points on that road; where, I cannot say. From my orders to General Porter, he ought to have been somewhere between Manassas Junction and the town of Gainesville, on the direct road. As I understand, the road runs along the railroad; although I am not clear about that, as I have never been over it. What I mean by the direct road is the main traveled road from Manassas Junction to Gainesville, which I understood to be along or very nearly along the railroad.

Question. State, generally, where you supposed the accused to have been.

Answer. I have no supposition about it, except that I suppose he was somewhere between Manassas Junction and Gainesville. The enemy in front of us; their left, as far as we could ascertain it, was in these woods here [referring to the map], extending along, perhaps, toward Sudley Springs. But they were massed in these woods, along an old railroad grade, and they had batteries which extended along a crest of hills, across the Warrenton turnpike, and their troops extended into the woods south of that road; how far their right extended, I do not know.

Question. Did you know at that time, or do you know now, whether at that time-4.30 p. m., August 29-or about that time, Longstreet's corps, in whole or in part, had joined or were joining Jackson's?

Answer. I had feared the junction of those corps at any moment, as I knew from information that Longstreet was pushing forward to join Jackson. I therefore expected that movement of Longstreet certainly during the afternoon of the 29th. General Buford, with his cavalry, was in that direction, and I knew that he was watching for that movement, and expected him to report as soon as he could ascertain anything about it. At 4 1/2 o'clock I had not received any report from him. He (General Buford) was at that time under the command of General McDowell.

Question. Did you know then or do you now know what line of march Longstreet's corps was taking to unite with Jackson; and, if you do, state whether that would not have carried that corps to the right of Jackson's line, as you have marked it on the map?

Answer. I expected that Longstreet-and understand now that a part of Longstreet's corps, at least, passing through Gainesville, did so-would seek to join Jackson y the Warrenton turnpike. According to my understanding of his position then, that would have brought Longstreet to the center of Jackson's line, as we understood it; though it was easy, as I supposed, though I have not been over the ground at any point between Gainesville and Groveton, to have changed the curse of his column, or a part of it, so as to have brought them in on the right or the left Jackson, as they thought proper.

Question. If, in fact, the corps of Longstreet formed on the right of Jackson, what distance of march would the accused have been compelled to have made to carry out the order of 4.30 p. m. of the 29th August, which was "to push forward into action at once on the enemy's flank, and, if possible, on his rear?"

Answer. As I did not know the position of General Porter on the road from Manassas Junction to Gainesville at the time I wrote that order, it is impossible for me to state how far he would have had to go.

Question. That perhaps is not an answer to the question. The accused desires you to state, if you can, whether, assuming that Longstreet's corps had united on the right of Jackson's line, from what you now know or understand was the actual position of the accused and his command

