
at 4.30 p. m. on the 29th of August, what distance of march would he have had to have made in order to strike the enemy on the flank or in the rear?

Answer. In the first place, I do not assume that at 4 1/2 o'clock Longstreet was on Jackson's right. The accused requires me to assume certain facts.

Question. I assume them.

Answer. Very well, the, I will say further that unless I could know how the command of Longstreet was formed, what disposition for battle he had made on Jackson's right, it is impossible for me to tell how much ground he would have occupied. Therefore I cannot say where his right would have rested, even if Longstreet had been there. I cannot say, therefore, how far General Porter would have been required to march. The distance certainly would have been much less than the distance from Manassas Junction the Gainesville.

Question. Then, without knowing the facts which in your preceding answer you state you did not know at the time when the order of 4.30 p. m. of the 29th August was given, how could you then have known whether it would or would not be in the power of the accused to strike the enemy in flank and rear?

Answer. If the accused will state to the court what facts he says I am ignorant of, I may be able to answer that question. The question sets ut that I was ignorant of certain facts. I should like to know what they are. It is said that I have stated myself to be ignorant of certain facts. Who states those facts, and what are those facts? Ad I will state further that in my previous answer I declined to assume that Longstreet was then on Jackson's right at 4.30 p. m. I am giving an answer only on the assumption of the accused that Longstreet was there, which is not a fact stated or proved.

Question. Without knowing that Longstreet's command was formed or would be formed, or without knowing what disposition for battle he had made or might make on Jackson's right, how did you certainly know when you issued the order of 4.30 p. m. of the 29th August, to attack the enemy in flank and rear, that that order could be carried out by the accused?

Answer. The accused was expected to attack, if possible-and as I understood to be practicable-the right flank of Jackson's forces, and, if possible, the rear of his forces, to prevent, if it were practicable, the junction of Longstreet's forces with Jackson's, and to crush Jackson's flank before Longstreet could effect a junction with him. I did not then believe, nor do I now believe, that at that time any considerable portion of Longstreet's corps had reached the vicinity of the field.

Question. How long did you suppose, when you issued the order of 4.30 p. m., it would take to place it in possession of the accused?

Answer. I did not then know precisely, or even nearly, at what point of the road from Manassas Junction to Gainesville the accused could be found. I could not tell, except within limits, how long it would take to deliver him the order. But I knew that an aide-de-camp, riding rapidly, could go from the field of battle to Manassas Junction or to any point west of Manassas Junction on the Gainesville road if he round General Porter in advance of Manassas Junction, within an hour, by going at speed.

Question. Do you know whether at 5.30 p. m., or between that hour and 7 o'clock, the accused had the enemy immediately in his front?

Answer. I do not know it, except from the reports of others, though I would think it altogether likely that Jackson would have pushed out some force to observe the road between Gainesville and Manassas Junction. It is altogether likely, therefore, that some of Jackson's troops were in presence of General Porter's advance, though of my own knowledge I do not know that.

Question. Will you point out, if you can, upon the map, the position of each of the corps other than that of the one under command of the accused, at 4.30 p. m., August 29?

