
Answer. There is no difficulty in telling the position of the other corps of the army, with the exception of McDowell's, which had not then reached the field, but was on the march from Manassas Junction. Our troops confronted the line of the enemy as represented here, with Heintzelman's corps on the right, consisting of Kearny's and Hooker's divisions; a part of Reno's corps, with the whole of Sigel's corps int he center; on the left, the Pennsylvania reserves, under Reynolds, with fourth regiments of Reno's corps held in reserve near the Warrenton turnpike, and in rear of the center of the line. General McDowell's corps had not at that time reached the field, but was understood to be on the Sudley Spring road from Manassas Junction, which passes through Groveton. I myself occupied the hill immediately in rear of the center of our line, immediately east of the Sudley Springs road, and north of the Warrenton turnpike. Immediately in front of me was the reserve of Reno's command.

Question. State, if you can, whether the line of McDowell's march, that he made under the join order of the 29th August, and which took him to Groveton, did not necessarily carry him to the rear of the column of the accused, and make him march in that direction past the line of the accused.

Answer. I understood from General McDowell, subsequently, that General Porter, with his corps, was a little in advance toward Gainesville-a little west of the junction of the roads leading to Gainesville and Groveton; and that McDowell's corps had passed him whilst there, taking the Sudley Springs road instead of the Gainesville road, and passing, of course, in the rear of General Porter's column. That is what I understood from reports.

Question. If General McDowell's statement was accurate as to the position of the corps of the accused, was not the accused at that time on the road which he was directed to take by the joint order of the 29th August?

Answer. Certainly I so understood it; but that he was at a halt when McDowell passed him.

Question. Are you now unable to say that you were informed or knew at 7 o'clock p. m. on the 29th of August that Longstreet's corps was up with Jackson in force?

Answer. By 7 o'clock in the evening I knew from the report of General Buford that a portion of Longstreet's force-numbering, perhaps, one-half the force under General Porter, certainly not more than two-thirds, as General Buford estimated it-had passed through Gainesville, and by that time, in all probability, had joined Jackson. The report of General Buford was in writing. He states the number of battalions, pieces of artillery, I think, and the cavalry which passed through Gainesville, according to his observation. That information came to me quite late in the evening; certainly by 7 o'clock, I think. The question put by the accused seems to imply that I have previously stated somewhere in my testimony that I did not know at 7 o'clock in the evening that portions of Longstreet's force had joined Jackson. I have nowhere so stated.

Question. That was not the purpose of the question.

Answer. The question, at I submit to the court, is written as many other question have been to which I have objected, on account of their making me appear to have made statements which I have not made. The question, after going on with a great deal of testimony, is put in this way: "Are you new unable to say," as if I had previously stated differently.

Question. State in what particular the accused failed to obey the order of 8.50 p. m. of the 29th August, which order was:

Major-General PORTER:

GENERAL: Immediately upon receipt of this order, the precise hour of which you will acknowledge, you will march your command to the field of battle of to-day, and report to me in person for orders. You are to understand that you are expected to comply strictly with this order, and to be present on the field within three hours after its reception, or after day break to-morrow morning.

It is signed by the witness.

Answer. I thought that he failed to obey the order entirely, because two brigades

