
or open your end of the road. Can you state at what time you received that request?

Answer. I think I received the request once or twice. My impression is, twice. But I think in the note which he wrote me, and which I have spoken of, and which I received toward daylight on the morning of the 28th, he made that request. I think it was at that time that I first received it.

Question. Did I not understand you to say that that request was complied with?

Answer. Yes, sir. I sent several officers.

Question. Am I right in understanding you to have stated distinctly that the join order to Generals McDowell and Porter given on the morning of the 29th was designed not to place the one in subordination to the other, but that they should operate independently of each other, each one in subordination to yourself?

Answer. I so intended.

The accused objected to the question and answer, as involving merely the opinion of the witness.

The judge-advocate stated that the question was put merely to make certain and definite what the witness had previously stated in answer to the questions of the accused.

That portion of the examination of the witness by the accused was then read.

Whereupon the accused withdrew his objection.

The examination by the judge-advocate was here closed.

Examination by the COURT:

Question. Do you know in what order the commands of Generals McDowell and Porter left Manassas Junction on the morning of the 29th August, in obedience to your joint order of that date?

Answer. I do not know from my own knowledge, but from the reports of others.

Question. Did they take the same road?

Answer. I know that in the same way-from the reports of others, but not from my own knowledge.

Question. What were the relative distances they had to march in order to engage the enemy?

Answer. I should suppose, without being certain of the fact, that they had about the same distance; that is, considering the distance General McDowell had to march from Manassas Junction to Groveton. I think, perhaps, General Porter's corps would not have had to march so far.

Question. Where was General Porter's corps at the time he addressed the note to Generals McDowell and King, of which you have testified?

Answer. I do not know. The note to Generals McDowell and King did not state. I can only give the same general answer that I have done before, that he was somewhere between Manassas Junction and Gainesville.

Question. Where was General Porter's corps on or about 6 o'clock p. m. of the 29th of August?

Answer. That also I cannot tell, except from the report of my aide-de-camp, wo reported his position at about 5 o'clock. Whether he moved from that position or not was not reported to me, nor do I know.

Question. State the position he was in at about 5 o'clock, as reported to you.

Answer. He was at the forks of the road west of Manassas Junction; I mean the forks of the roads leading to Gainesville and Groveton; perhaps 2 miles west of Manassas Junction.

