
Question. Had General Porter's command marched at 1 o'clock in the morning, would he, or would he not, have passed those wagons in camp?

Answer. He would have passed then in camp, probably.

Question. Was, or was not, the march throughout at the usual rate at which troops move, or was it slower?

Answer. It was at the rate at which troops would move if there was no necessity for rapid movement.

Question. Could they not, in your judgment, have moved much faster than they did in point of fact?

Answer. They could.

Question. Did you see General Porter during the march?

Answer. I accompanied him after the first 3 miles. He came up to the head of the column about a quarter of a mile this side of Catlett's Station.

Question. Did, or did not, General Porter or any of the officers under him, during the march, make any unusual personal exertions to accelerate the march of the troops?

Answer. In drawing the wagons off the road, to enable the troops to pass, at one or two points, General Porter and also his staff used great exertions.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the ACCUSED:

Question. Will the witness please to state what his going to sleep, or retiring to rest, at half-past 9 o'clock, had to do with the question of the determination of General Porter to start or not to start at 1 o'clock in the morning?

Answer. I have not stated that it was half-past 9 when I went to sleep.

Question. Or 10 o'clock.

Answer. Nor 10 nor 11 o'clock. I should judge, however, that it was about 11 o'clock when I laid down.

Question. We understood it to be immediately after the conversation.

Answer. Very soon after the conversation. Had it not been the intention of the general not to move until daylight, I should not have lain down.

Question. Did you hear all the conversation that took place between General Porter and the generals who were with him, at the time of your arrival, touching his determination when to start?

Answer. I am not aware that I heard all of it, neither do I remember the conversation-merely the impression derived from it.

Question. Try and recollect whether you heard anything said of the determination to start as early s 3 o'clock.

Answer. I think that "daylight" was the expression used; not any hour.

Question. At what time did you hear the reveille?

Answer. I did not hear it. I was awakened, I think, by the servant of General Porter, in whose tent I was sleeping.

Question. Was it a dark night when you went to sleep, retired to rest?

Answer. Darker than when I was on the road?

Question. No, sir; was the night dark?

Answer. I think it was a cloudy night, but not dark.

