
Question. Was there a moon that night?

Answer. I do not think so, at any time that I was up.

Question. Was it a starlight night?

Answer. I think not.

Question. Was it still dark when you were aroused from your slumbers in the morning?

Answer. I think it was just at dawn.

Question. We mean to inquire whether the darkness of the night still continued so as to be at that time a serious impediment to the movement of troops?

Answer. I cannot say. When I was awakened up, it was, I think, just at dawn, the day just breaking. I was invited to breakfast. Whether at that time we used candles or whether it was light enough to take breakfast without, I do not remember.

Question. Having passed at about half-past 8 o'clock, at or near Catlett's Station, the last of the train of wagons proceeding from Warrenton Junction to Bristoe Station, why did you conclude that if General Porter got under way at 1 o'clock, that is, nearly five hours thereafter, he would still overtake those wagons with his troops before daybreak?

Were they necessarily proceeding so slowly as that?

Answer. Wagons always proceed slowly where they are in large numbers.

Question. You spoke of a park of wagons near Warrenton Junction. Was that park vacant when General Porter's column passed it on the way to Bristoe Station?

Answer. I think that it was. I think there wagons still there; but the main body of the train had left.

Question. Those wagons, then, which had left the park were proceeding toward Bristoe Station?

Answer. They were.

Question. We understand the rate at which those wagons were moving, from what the witness has said in regard to the usual rate in reference to the preceding line of wagons. They were moving very slowly?

Answer. Moving at the same rate as the others.

Question. Would not that, then, have constituted a serious obstacle to a rapid advance of troops by that road?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Referring to what you have stated, of the great exertions of General Porter and his staff after daybreak to get the wagons out of the way of the advancing column, do we understand you now to testify that these last wagons of which you speak, being in front of the advancing column, would not constitute an obstacle to its movement?

Answer. As a train of wagons they would not constitute a great obstacle-an obstacle to some degree, of course. I did not state that General Porter used great exertions throughout the march. I said that he did at one or two points; at one or two points where the wagons had been stalled, or a number of them jammed up.

Question. Would not the presence of wagons on a road during a dark, moon less, and starless night have constituted a most serious impediment to the rapid advance of troops, either infantry or artillery?

Answer. I do not consider that that night was a dark night. I have stated that it was a cloudy night, that is, the moon, if there was a moon, was clouded over. The sky was cloudy; but it was not a dark night.

Examination by the accused here closed.

