
Question. Did, or did not, your duties bring you near the person of General Pope, and make you familiar with his plans of operations and his orders?

Answer. As chief of cavalry, I had quarters and was near the person of General Pope. As his inspector-general, I was near his person at his headquarters, and made very familiar with his plans and his operations.

Question. What knowledge, if any, have you of an order issued by Major-General Pope, ont he 27th of August last, to Major-General porter, in reference to his movements?

Answer. I was with General Pope at Warrenton Junction on the night of the 26th and the morning of the 27th of August, until he left that station, which, I think, was a little after noon, nearer 1 o'clock than 12 o'clock, perhaps. I proceeded from that place with him, along the railroad in the direction of Manassas Junction, so far as a place, I think, called Bristoe Station. At that place General Pope dictated an order in my presence, and sent that order by an officer of his staff to General Porter. My recollection is that Captain DeKay was the officer who carried the order; and I think he left about dark-I should think half-past 6 or 7 o'clock. The order was written about sundown; and the hour at that season of the year was, I should think, about half-past 5-between that and 6 o'clock.

Question. State what was the character of that order.

The accused admitted the order referred to by witness to be the same as the one set forth in specification first of charge first.

Question. Were you present at Warrenton Junction on the morning of the 27th of August, when General Porter with his command arrived there?

Answer. I was.

Question. At what hour did they arrive?

Answer. I rode to Warrenton Junction from General Pope's headquarters, I think, between 9 and 10 o'clock in the morning. A part of General Porter's command had already arrived there; but what portion of it I do not know. I saw General Porter the first time with General Pope at Warrenton Junction, I think about 10 o'clock in the morning, perhaps later.

Question. Did you see General Porter's troops there-many of them?

Answer. I saw that division of his corps commanded by General Sykes and a great many of its officers before noon of that day; and about noon I met General Morell, and I understood at the time that General Morell had arrived with the rear division.

Question. What seemed to be the condition of those troops? I mean so far as their ability to march was concerned.

Answer. I paid no particular attention to their condition. General Morell himself was very much fatigued and quite sick. I remained with him a long time in a tent, and had a very long talk with him; I should think between 12 and 1 o'clock; and that conversation related to the condition of his troops, which I understood to be a good condition. I do not know the distance that his troops were marched that day, but they were to be left there for the purpose of rest, and were left there for that purpose.

Question. Do you mean that they were not ordered to join the march with General Porter's command?

Answer. No, sir; General Porter's command, all of it, was left at Warrenton Junction on the 27th of August. When General Pope left, he did not know that General Morell had arrived; and in writing a dispatch in which he said to General Porter that if General Morell had not arrived, he was to give him certain instructions on arriving, I informed General Pope that General Morell had arrived before I left.

Question. What dispatch do you speak of now?

Answer. The same dispatch as set forth in specification first of charge first.

Question. Were you at Bristoe Station when General Porter's command arrived on the following day?

