
such manner as not to sever connection with General Reynolds on the right?

Answer. As I understood the relation of General Reynolds with the Pennsylvania Reserves to the enemy's right, General Porter's having attacked the right of the enemy, would have brought him in closer connection with Reynolds' left.

Question. Will the witness inform the court whether, at any time in the course of the day of the 29th of August, he saw the command of the accused and the enemy in such a position as to make an attack by General Porter upon the flank or rear of the enemy possible?

Answer. I did not see General Porter's command on the field on Friday, the 29th of August. But I suppose that I know nearly the position where General Porter's command was between 4 and 5 o'clock, and I supposed that I had seen smoke from guns of his command. I know the direction of the road from Manassas Junction to the field of battle, and, in my opinion, General Porter was in a position where he could have moved forward and have attacked the right of the enemy; and I also believe that he could have turned the enemy's right flank and attacked their rear, from what I know of their have turned the enemy's right flank and attacked their rear, from what I know of their relative positions and from what I know of the country.

Question. Between 4 and 5 o'clock p. m. of the 29th of August, did the witness know whether or not Longstreet's forces, in whole or in part, had made junction with Jackson, on Jackson's right?

Answer. I did not know; but I had reason to believe that they had not made junction, as I had been requested by General Pope, before going on to the field, while at Centreville in the morning, to take a position, and with a glass to observe whether troops were moving from the direction of Thoroughfare Gap to Gainesville; and having closely observed that country for a log time, I became convinced from the clouds of dust that arose above the Bull Run range beyond Thoroughfare Gap, toward a gap north of Thoroughfare Gap, the name of which I now forget, that Longstreet was moving very rapidly to get through that northern gap and to re-enforce Jackson. but, from the distance from the head of the column of dust to Gainesville, I did not believe that he would be able to effect a junction before late int he evening, and so reported to General Pope.

Question. Such having been the opinion of the witness during the day of the 29th of August, will he please state whether up to the present time he has become satisfied that Longstreet-s forces, in whole or in part, did effect such junction with Jackson's right in the afternoon-say between 5 and 6 o'clock, or before that time-on the 29th of August?

Answer. I am convinced, by information that I have received since that day, that a part of Longstreet-s forces effected a junction with Jackson in the evening of the 29th-I think about dark.

Question. About what hour in the day?

Answer. I should think about half-past 6 or 7 o'clock.

Question. Please to state your judgment as to the number of troops of Longstreet thus effecting a junction.

Answer. As I understand, about seventeen battalions.

Question. Numbering, in all, about how many men?

Answer. Between 4,000 and 5,000 men.

Question. From what you know of the position of General Porter's command and of Jackson's right, would that junction of Longstreet's troops bring the enemy in front of General Porter's force?

Answer. If General Porter's force was on the road leading from Manassas Junction to Gainesville, where I supposed it was, and they had moved toward the right of Jackson's forces, it would have brought him upon the leading column of Longstreet's forces that came in.

Question. In front of that column?

Answer. They would have met each other coming in opposite directions on the same road.

