
Question. Would it not, then, in that state of facts, have been materially impossible for General Porter to have outflanked and attacked they enemy, and at the same time to have kept up his connection with Reynolds on his right?

Answer. I can give merely an opinion on that subject.

Question. I ask the fact as it would appear from the dispositions of the forces there.

Answer. My opinion is, that the fact that the accused has stated would not have been impossible; but that General Porter's force was sufficient to have defeated Longstreet's, and to have attacked the right of Jackson's forces, and to have turned their rear.

Question. From your knowledge of the position of the troops of the enemy and of General Porter's command; will you state what distance General Porter must have marched to have made such an attack on the right flank of the enemy?

Answer. If General Porter's troops were in the position where I saw the flash of cannon and the smoke on the road between Gainesville and Manassas Junction, he could have reached the right of the enemy and turned its rear in less than one hour, in my judgment.

Question. At half-past 6 or 7 o'clock p. m. on that day, at the time, when the witness supposes the junction by Longstreet's forces to have been effected, was it not becoming dark?

Answer. It was.

Question. During the hour's march necessary to effect an attack in flank, the darkness, of course, would have increased; would such a march and such an attack at that hour and in such darkness as would then prevail have been possible?

Answer. The accused makes a supposition which is not founded upon any fact which I have stated, and I cannot properly answer the question without a better understanding of its meaning.

Question. Please point out the supposition made int he question which you refer to.

Answer. I have been supposing that 5 o'clock, by which time I supposed this last order had reached General Porter, that he was within an hour's march of the enemy's right flank, which would have brought him on that flank by 6 o'clock, and it would not then have been too dark to have made the attack.

Question. Have we not understood the witness correctly in understanding him to say that he did not know at what hour the order of 4.30 p. m. reached General Porter?

Answer. I do not know, except by information. I meant to say that I did not know the facts; but, from information, I believe it to have reached him before 5 o'clock.

Question. Was the witness present with General Pope when General Pope issued the order of 4.30 p. m. of the 29th of August?

Answer. I was present with him when the order was issued.

Question. Was the witness then of the opinion that that order could reach General Porter in a half an hour after it was written?

Answer. It could have reached him in less than that time as orders are generally carried on such occasions.

Question. Does the witness know the fact that at about 5 o'clock on that day a messenger, and aide-de-camp, I think, from General Porter, came to General Pope to ask for orders?

Answer. I do not.

