
Answer. I do not know, but I think it was marching to Manassas, from the fact that I saw a note from General Porter, stating that he should fall back to Manassas, and I suppose now that he was then falling back. I saw the note about 8 o'clock on the evening of the 29th of August.

Question. At what time did General Porter received the joint order set forth in the second specification of the first charge?

Answer. I only know from the report of the person who carried it.

Question. Will you mention the name of that person?

Answer. I think it was Dr. Abbott, assistant surgeon.

Question. What was the character of the night of the 29th of August, and at what hour did the battle of the day actually close?

Answer. The main battle of the day of the 29th of August closed soon after sundown. But later, I think as late as 7 o'clock, a division of General McDowell's corps had been pushed forward considerably in front of the center, and that division was attacked by the enemy's forces, and that part of the engagement I think, lasted until about 8 o'clock in the night. That is my recollection. The night was not dark-not as dark as the night of the 28th, according to my recollection. I was up repeatedly during the night.

Question. So far as you know, did, or did not, any portion of General Porter's corps take part in the action of the 29th of August?

Answer. I know that no part of his corps did take part in the action of the 29th on the field proper of Manassas, but I believe, from information, that a brigade of his corps commenced an action ont he 29th, but ont the Manassas Junction and Gainesville road.

Question. Will you state what brigade that was?

Answer. General Butterfield's brigade, as I have been informed.

Question. Do you know what was the position of General Porter's corps during the night of the 29th of August?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. Do you know at what hour of the morning of the 30th of August General Porter's troops came upon the field of the battle of the previous day?

Answer. I did not see his troops come onto the field. The first that I saw of him and his command on the field was when I carried an order to him, which was between 12 and 1 o'clock in the day, as I remember, when he was moving to the front of the center to make an attack.

Question. Had, or had not, the fact of the retreat of General Porter on the evening of the 29th of August been communicated to General Pope previous to his order of 8.50 p. m. of that day?

Answer. I have reason to believe that it had not. I was with General Pope when he received the information, on a note or on a piece of paper, from General Porter that he was retreating back to Manassas, and stating the reasons why he was falling back; but previous to that time I do not believe that General Pope knew that the was falling back.

Question. What time was it when he received that note?

Answer. I think it was between 8 and 9 o'clock at night; probably half-past 8 o'clock.

Question. Did the note you have just referred to state whether General Porter was falling back, or had determined to do so, and was himself going to the front?

Answer. The substance of the note was this, that seeing clouds of dust advancing, and knowing that the enemy had massed in his front cavalry, artillery, and infantry, he had determined to fall back to Manassas.

