
Question. What distance from the battle field where the engagement was then pending?

Answer. When I received the order, I was to the right of the battle-field, and I suppose it was a distance of about 3 miles from General Porter.

Question. Did you, or not, on delivering the order, learn its character?

Answer. I did not.

Question. What statements, if any, did General Porter make to you in regard to the movements which the order contemplated he should make?

Answer. In a conversation which I had with General Porter, after, his reading the order, the explained to me on the map where the enemy had come down in force to attack him, and had established a battery. I understood him to say that the enemy had opened upon him; but what he had done, I do not now remember.

Question. How long did you remain with General Porter?

Answer. About fifteen minutes, I suppose.

Question. While you were there, or at any time before you left, did you observe any orders given or any indication of preparation for a movement in the direction of the battle-field?

Answer. I did not.

Question. In what condition were the troops there at that time?

Answer. I saw only a portion of them; the portion that I saw I believe belonged to General Sykes' division. They were on the road and Manassas-what small portion of the troops I saw that belonged to General Porter's corps. It was my impression they were halted there; I saw the arms of some of the m stacked.

Question. They had their arms stacked?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was not the sound of the artillery of the battle then pending distinctly audible at that point?

Answer. It was.

Question. And was the sound of the small-arms distinctly audible at that point?

Answer. In regard to the small-arms, I do not remember, but I could hear the artillery very plainly, very distinctly.

Question. Was it continuous, indicating a continued action?

Answer. It was.

Question. Did, or did not, General Porter make any inquiry of you at all as to the condition of the forces then engaged in battle?

Answer. There were inquiries made of me by an officer-one of General Porter's aides-de-camp, I think. I do not think that General Porter said anything to me about it.

Question. As you have passed over the road, and know the distance will you state within what time General Porter and his command could have reached the battle-field after the delivery of that order?

Answer. To have reached where I had received the order, it would have taken him two or three hours, I suppose-that is, to the extreme right of our army.

Question. Within what time would it have required him to reach the right flank of the enemy?

Answer. I could not state, because I do not know where the right flank of the enemy then was. My impression, though, from what General Porter said, was that

