
the enemy were nearly in his front. I supposed then about a mile from him. that was merely my impression from conversation I had with General Porter.

Question. Did you, or not, have another interview with General porter after that time?

Answer. I did not. After receiving a written reply to the order I had delivered to General Porter, I started on my way back, and I suppose I had got a mile or a mile and a half from where General Porter was, when I was overtaken by an orderly, who said General Porter wished to see me. I got part way back, when I met an officer, I supposed an aide-de-camp of General Porter, who said that General Porter wished to see me. I went back, and this aide-de-camp told me I better wait a few minutes. I did not see General Porter then.

Question. Had you, or not, seen this officer, whom you supposed to be an aide-de-camp, during your first interview with General Porter?

Answer. I had, and had had a conversation with him.

Question. In the presence of General Porter?

Answer. While General Porter was writing the reply to the order I had delivered to him.

Question. Did he, or not, perform any act or make any remark in the presence of General Porter which induced you to believe that he was an aide-de-camp? If so, state what that remark and what that act was.

Answer. I do not remember his making any remark to General Porter, or General Porter saying anything to him. My impression is, that he told me that he was aide-de-camp. I firmly believed at the time that he was General Porter's aide-de-camp. I did not see any act indicating that, excepting that he was associated with General Porter; he wa very close to General Porter at the time I had the conversation with him; within hearing of General Porter, if he had listened to it.

Question. Do you, or not, suppose that his statement to you that he was as aide-de-camp of General Porter, could have been heard by General Porter if he had bee listening to your conversation?

Answer. It could.

Question. Do I, or not, understand you, then, to say that that conversation occurred, in fact, in the presence of General Porter?

Answer. In the presence of General porter; yes, sir.

Question. Were you, or not, charged by that officer with a message to General Pope that a scout had come in, reporting that the enemy were retreating through Thoroughfare Gap?

Answer. I was.

Question. Did you regard that message as given to you seriously or jestingly?

Answer. Seriously.

Question. How long a time had elapsed from the time of your interview with General Porter until you returned to General Porter's encampment?

Answer. About three-quarters of an hour, I suppose; between that and an hour.

Question. On your return to his encampment, did you, or not, observe any preparation on the part of his officers, or of the troops, for an advance upon the enemy?

Answer. I did not.

