
Question. What was the dress of this officer whom you supposed to be an aide-de-camp?

Answer. I do not remember. I do not know whether he had a staff officer's shoulder-straps on or a line officer's. I do not remember now which it was. He was in uniform.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the ACCUSED:

Question. How does the witness fix the hour of the day when he left General Pope to bear to bear the order?

Answer. From the date of the order which was dated 4.30 p. m.

Question. Was the road which you took to bear the order from General Pope to General Porter direct or circuitous?

Answer. My impression is that it was a direct road.

Question. Did you pass through Manassas Junction?

Answer. I did not; that is, in conveying the order to General Porter I did not.

Question. Did you go up the railroad toward General Porter?

Answer. I did not; I met him right ont he railroad.

Question. You have stated how you fixed the time when you received the order; how do you fix the time of its delivery?

Answer. By the distance, and the rate at which I carried the order.

Question. And so fixing it, you determine the order to have been delivered at 5 o'clock?

Answer. Not precisely at 5 o'clock; by 5 o'clock.

Question. You mean as early as 5 o'clock?

Answer. As early as 5 o'clock. It may have been three of our minutes after 5 o'clock.

Question. We understand you to say that you made this judgment as to the time from the distance which you had to pass over and the rate you went?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. When you first started to go back from General Porter to General Pope, did you take the same road back by which you had come to General Porter?

Answer. I did.

Question. When you made your second start, after the interview with the person whom you supposed to be an aide-de-camp, to return to General Pope, did you still pursue the same road by which you had come to General Porter?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Please to recollect whether an aide-de-camp or other officer of General porter, at the time of your second departure from General Porter's, pointed out to you another and a shorter road to take?

Answer. I do not think he did.

Question. Do we understand you correctly that you did not know, when you bore the order, its purport?

Answer. I did not.

Question. When did you first learn the purport of the order?

Answer. I don't recollect at what time: it was since then, though.

