
Question. About how long since is it that you learned the purport of the order?

Answer. I think it was at Saint Paul the first time I ever read the order, in September.

Question. You then, for the first time, saw the terms of the order and read it?

Answer. Yes, sir. I may have read it before, but I do not recollect.

Question. You did not read it until long after its delivery, I suppose?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Having, then, first become cognizant of the terms of the order at a time considerable subsequent to its delivery, you fix the time when you received it from General Pope-I mean the hour of the day-by finding it to be dated 4.30 p. m.?

Answer. The reason I found it to be dated at 4.30 p. m. was that I opened the order to show it to General McDowell, and I then noticed the heading of it, and saw the date of it. I then asked one of my orderlies, who was with me, what time it was, to see if I could get back to General Pope before dark.

Question. This was before the delivery of the order to General Porter?

Answer. Before; yes, sir.

Question. Where did you meet General McDowell?

Answer. About a half a mile from where I left General Pope, and on the direct road to General Porter.

Question. By what authority did you open the order?

Answer. General McDowell asked to see it. It was not a sealed order.

Question. At what time did you get back to General Pope?

Answer. It was after dark when I got to General McDowell. I staid with General McDowell fifteen or twenty minutes. He had then to show me where General Pope's headquarters were. It was then, I should think, about 8 o'clock when I got to General Pope.

Question. Had General Pope moved his headquarters?

Answer. He had not.

Question. If you took the same road back by which you went from General Pope to General Porter, how was it that General McDowell had to show you where General Pope's headquarters were?

Answer. I first inquired where General McDowell's headquarters were. A man told me they were up on a hill. I went up on that hill; but there were so many camp-fires that I could not tell where General Pope's were.

Question. Was the night falling when you left General Porter's headquarters the second time to return to General Pope?

Answer. I think the sun was then about going down. It was not dark-just evening-late int he evening.

Question. How would you fix the hour of the day?

Answer. It was about 6 o'clock, I suppose.

Question. When you left General Porter's the second time?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. You suppose it was then about sundown?

Answer. I suppose it was about sundown.

