
Question. Would you say after sundown or before?

Answer. I do not remember.

Question. How far was it from General Porter, of from where you started from General Porter's location, to the place where you passed General McDowell on your return?

Answer. It was about two miles and a half.

Question. And while you made that two miles and a half, it had become dark?

Answer. I rode slowly back; not rapidly.

Question. When you reached General McDowell's, had the battle ceased?

Answer. It had. I heard some firing, though, after I reached General McDowell.

Question. How much firing?

Answer. Not much; it sounded like 200 or 300 men just skirmishing in the woods.

Question. When you were brought back by the orderly and the aide-de-camp, as you supposed him to be, you did not find General Porter. Do you know where he then was?

Answer. I did not.

Question. Did anything occur to induce you to believe that General Porter had gone to the front?

Answer. There did not. I supposed he had just walked off a short distance and would be back in a few minutes.

Question. From the time when you arrived to deliver the order to General Porter up to the time of your second departure from General Porter's location to go toward General Pope, about what period of time elapsed?

Answer. I should suppose about an hour. I may have been a little more than an hour. I should think at least an hour.

Question. How long did you stay at General Porter's headquarters or location after you were brought back by the orderly and the aide-de-camp?

Answer. A very few minutes.

Question. Would you say five or ten minutes?

Answer. About ten minutes.

Question. Did we understand you correctly to say that it was about fifteen minutes after you delivered the order to General Porter before you first started on your return?

Answer. It was about fifteen minutes.

Question. The remainder of the hour, the, which you spent near General Porter's location, was passed in your going about a mile and a half and returning about a mile and a half, and some ten minutes further of delay in General Porter's camp?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Will you state, if you please, at what point General Pope was when you received from him the order of which you have spoken?

Answer. I cannot state exactly where it was. It was on the battle-field-the extreme right of it.

