
Question. Do you know the location of the Warrenton and Gainesville turnpike, and did you know it at that time?

Answer. I did not.

Question. Do you know now?

Answer. No, sir; I have not looked at the map since then.

Question. Do you know whether the accused was located near any road?

Answer. Yes, sir; I do.

Question. You are unable, I understand you, to designate the road?

Answer. Excepting that it was a turnpike running from Manassas Junction to the battle-field.

Question. A turnpike?

Answer. I think it is a turnpike. It is a very broad road, running from Manassas Junction directly to the battle-field.

Question. Was he near the point which was intersected by that latter road?

Answer. He was right at the point.

Question. When you received the order of 4.30 p. m. from General Pope, did you take that road in order to get to the accused?

Answer. I struck that road between a quarter and a half a mile from where General Pope was. I am not positive that the road I struck was the Manassas turnpike, but it led into that turnpike.

Question. After striking the road to which you now refer, what distance, if any, did you travel upon it?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. Did you travel upon it until you struck any other road; and, if so, what other road did you strike?

Answer. I struck that road, and was then guided by my orderly. After I was on the Manassas turnpike, seeing it was a very good road, i asked what road it was, and he told me it was the Manassas turnpike. I did not inquire about the road until I got on this broad road. I traveled on the road I started on until I struck that broad road leading from Manassas.

Question. How far did you travel upon what you call the broad road after you struck it?

Answer. I do not recollect.

Question. Can you tell in what direction of the compass you did travel upon that road-north, south, east, or west?

Answer. I think it was east.

Question. Did that broad road to which you have referred, and which you afterward followed, take you to the accused?

Answer. It did.

Question. Will you state at what point the accused was when you found him with the order?

Answer. He was on that broad road leading from Manassas. There was another road running along the railroad, and at the forks of those two roads I found him; right against the railroad.

Question. Are you positive that you returned from that point, where you found the accused, to General Pope, exactly by the same road that you traveled from General Pope's to deliver the order?

Answer. I am not positive that I went all the way on that same road, but the majority

56 R R-VOL XII, PT II, SUP

