
Question. When you received the order of 4.30 p. m. from General Pope, was he or not near Sudley Springs?

Answer. I do not know where Sudley Springs is.

Question. Describe more particularly where you were when you started to carry the order of 4.30 p. m. to General Porter. Which side of the Warrenton turnpike, for instance?

Answer. He was on the right-hand side of the Warrenton turnpike.

Question. How far from it?

Answer. I suppose about 400 or 500 yards.

Question. Near the old railroad bed?

Answer. I really do not know.

Question. How far was it from the extreme right to the extreme left of our army on the battle-field that day?

Answer. I do not know.

Question. Could you point out on the map where you were?

Answer. I will try. [The witness accordingly indicated the position on the map.]

Question. You heard firing, you say, whilst with General porter. Did that firing proceed from the front, where General Pope was, and did you, or not, hear firing from General Porter's command, as if engaged with the enemy?

Answer. I did not hear firing from General Porter's command. It was in the direction where I had left General Pope?

Question. Did you take the road as laid down ont he map before the court leading from Sudley Springs to Manassas Junction?

Answer. I did. I did not strike the railroad but once and there I found General Porter.

Question. At what time did the action of the 29th of August commence, and was, or was not, General Porter within hearing of the fire?

Answer. At the time the action commenced, I do not know. At the time I delivered the order, he was. The time the action commenced, I think, was about 12 o'clock.

The examination of this witness here closed.

Surg. ROBERT O. ABBOTT was then called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your position in the military service?

Answer. Surgeon in the United Army.

Question. Were you, or not, attached to the command of General Pope during the late campaign in Virginia?

Answer. I was attached to the corps of General Porter, as medical director of the Fifth Army Corps.

Question. Did, or did you not, bear any order from General Pope on the 29th of August last to Generals McDowell and Porter; and, if so, what was its character, if known to you?

Answer. I did not know the character of the order. I took a written order from General Pope about half-past 10 o'clock in the morning of the 29th, I think, to General McDowell and to General Porter.

Question. Did you, or not deliver that order to each of those generals?

Answer. I did.

