
Question. At what hour would you say?

Answer. I think about 1, between 12 and 1 o'clock; toward 1.

QQuestion. Where did you find General Porter and his command at the time you delivered him that order?

Answer. About 2 miles from Manassas Junction, on the Gainesville road.

Question. Will you indicate upon this map the point; do you mean on the railroad or on the turnpike?

Answer. It was on the road; I crossed the railroad, I think, going there, as near as I can recollect; I could not indicate the exact point on the map.

Question. Where was General McDowell with his command?

Answer. He was about a mile in the rear of General Porter, on the same road.

Question. Do you mean in the rear, nearer Manassas Junction?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did, or did you not, deliver a copy of that order to each of those generals, or did you exhibit it to each of them separately?

Answer. I gave a separate order to each of them.

Question. Addressed to them jointly?

Answer. They were separate orders; duplicates, I believe, of the same order, so I thought, at the time.

Question. Did you have any conversation with General Porter in regard to the order you delivered to him?

Answer. nothing more than I told him there was the order from General Pope, which he had previously sent me for; nothing more than that.

Question. Do I understand that you had borne a message from General Porter to General Pope, asking that he would give him a written order directing his movements?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was that a written or a verbal request?

Answer. It was a verbal request; at the same time he gave me a written order to General Pope.

Question. You mean a written request?

Answer. Yes, sir. As I understood him, he asked for an order from General Pope, and requested me to ask General Pope for a written order to him.

Question. Did you, or not, continue with General Porter's command during the remainder of that day?

Answer. No, sir. After joining General Porter then, I left him to attend to the medical affairs of the corps-to hasten up supplies.

Question. At what hour of that day afterward did you again see him with his command?

Answer. I did not see him again until early the following morning. I started to come up, but lost my way in the woods.

Question. How long did you remain with him after delivering the order to him?

Answer. Only about five minutes.

Question. He made no remark upon the character of the order?

Answer. he made some remark, but it has escaped me. upon commencing to reach the order, he made some remark. I do not now remember what it was.

