
Question. Did you understand from the accused at the time that he was moving int he execution of orders from General Pope?

Answer. That is my impression, though I do not recollect any particular conversation.

Question. Did I understand you to say that you lost your way that night?

Answer. Yes, sir; upon attempting to join the corps with supplies that I was bringing up, it came on dark.

Question. In what direction were you going?

Answer. I was on the Gainesville road then.

Question. In what direction were you moving with the supplies in relation to where you understood, if you did understand where, the accused was with his force?

Answer. I was moving on the Gainesville road, in that direction, inquiring as I went along.

Question. Had you traveled on that road before; were you familiar with it?

Answer. Not at all familiar. I never was on it before I delivered that order.

Question. Was it very dark or not?

Answer. It was dark; quite dark.

Question. How were you traveling?

Answer. On horseback.

Question. Did you come up with the force of the accused?

Answer. I did not.

Question. Did you try?

Answer. I did, but having an ambulance loaded with supplies, I could not make any headway at all.

Question. Medical supplies?

Answer. Medical supplies.

Question. Did you anticipate a battle, or did you know that a battle had been going on?

Answer. I did not know whether the corps had been engaged or not, then.

Question. Did you anticipate there would be a battle?

Answer. I thought there would be.

Question. Were the medical supplies you were bringing up designed to meet the contingencies of a battle?

Answer. To make up deficiencies which I was afraid might occur.

Question. When and where; because of the battle?

Answer. Because of the battle, if prolonged.

Question. At what time did you start with the supplies, and from what point?

Answer. I started from just the other side of Bull Run Bridge, about 6 o'clock, I think.

Question. When did you get up with the army?

Answer. In the morning-the next morning-I started, and met General Morell, who told me the corps was marching on to Centreville, and turned me back. I turned back the supplies, and went on to Centreville, and found there was a mistake. I then turned to the left, and went to the stone bridge over Bull Run. There I left the supplies and joined General Porter, and found out where his lines were.

