
Question. Where was he when you joined him?

Answer. He was in the advance-the extreme advance. The enemy were then firing at the time.

Question. Was that on the morning of the 30th?

Answer. On the morning of the 30th.

Question. At what time of the morning did you get there?

Answer. I suppose about 8 o'clock, as near as I can remember.

Question. Were you with General Porter when, in the night between the 27th and the 28th of August, he moved from Warrenton Junction to Bristoe Station?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. State the condition of the road as to its being clear o blocked up.

Answer. The road was a great deal blocked at the time with wagons and straggling troops.

Question. At what time did the reveille sound that morning?

Answer. We started very early, I recollect.

Question. Give, as nearly as you can, the hour.

Answer. Soon after daylight we started.

Question. Were any of the troops in advance of you at this time when you started, about break of day?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Do you know about what time the first movement was made?

Answer. I do not.

Question. What was the character of the night-dark or clear?

Answer. It was a dark night.

Question. Do you know of any difficulty or confusion or intermingling of the different divisions or brigades occurring, in consequence of an early movement to start, about 3 o'clock?

Answer. I do not, before we started.

Question. Do you know of special efforts made by General Porter and the members of his staff to clear away the obstructions?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. I wish you to state what were my relations to you during or march, and whether they were of an intimate character or not.

Answer. We were always on very friendly and free terms.

Question. If I ever manifested at that time during the march, either in conversation or in spirit, any disposition to trammel the movements of any portion of the army, or in any manner whatever to disobey any order, would you be likely to have known it?

Answer. I think I should have known it.

Question. Did I ever manifest in any manner any other disposition than to do my duty fully?

Answer. Never, as far as I saw or heard.

The examination by the accused here closed.

