
Question. At what hour of the day did this conversation between you and General Porter take place?

Answer. I think it must have been about 4 o'clock in the afternoon; half-past 3 or 4 o'clock.

Question. In anything that was said in that conversation or in the manner of General Porter, was there evidenced any desire or any willingness on his part to support General Pope in the military operations in which he was then engaged?

Answer Quite the contrary to that.

Question. Can you state whether the disinclination to support General Pope, which you thought he manifested, was the result of disgust witch the immediate service in which he was then engaged, or of hostility to the commanding general, or upon what did it seem to rest?

Answer. It seemed to me to rest on hostility. But I do not know that I could analyze the impression that was made upon me. i conveyed it to General Pope in the words that I have stated. i had one of those clear convictions that a man has a few times, perhaps, in his life, as to the character and purposes of a person whom he sees for the first time. No man can express altogether how such an impression is gained from looks and manner, but it is clear.

Question. Had you passed over the road between Bristoe Station and Warrenton Junction on that day or on the previous day?

Answer. On the previous day, the 27th, I came over it, after General Pope.

Question. At what hour of the day did you pass over it.?

Answer. I should say that I left our headquarters, about a mile from Warrenton Junction, about half-past 4 or 5 o'clock in the afternoon; I should say it was past the middle of the afternoon.

Question. What was the condition of the road then?

Answer. For the first mile and a half, until you get to Cedar Run, the road was bordered on either side by open fields, or open woods, over which troops could march easily, in great part without going on the road. indeed, I doubt whether there is any regular road a good part of the way up. The troops marched through the fields to Bristoe Station. A road has been worn by the troops, I suppose. At Cedar Run, just above the railroad, on the west side, there was a bridge, and a ford with it, and men coming this side of Cedar Run soon struck a small piece of woods, which is perhaps [less] than a quarter of a mile. I give these things as I remember them. I may be mistaken in this point. Three it is rather a bad road for marching. Then, for a considerable distance, and for most of the way until you get to Kettle Run, the road was practicable, and also the fields on either side of it. I remember that distinctly, for at Catlett's Station I saw something of the character of the country, as I stopped there a few moments. At Kettle Run there was another bad place. There was, however, a very practicable ford there; a narrow ravine, the road running down, with high banks to it, on either side. I should say that there was a half a mile of three-quarters of a mile of the road in which, if there was a wagon train, the march of troops would be badly impeded. The railroad track was good, all that I saw of it; men could march upon it.

Question. Were you, or not, present at the battle of the 29th of August?

Answer. Yes, sir; I was present.

Question. Throughout the engagement?

Answer. I left with General Pope when he rode on to the field, but on the way out he sent me with an order off the road, so that I did not get ont he field for two or three hours after that.

Question. At what time did you regard the battle as commencing?

Answer. The smoke was rising over a considerable portion of ground, I should say a mile, plainly in view, when we were at Centreville; and there was some heavy cannonading. I should say it was about 10 or 11 o'clock when I first came to Centreville,

