
Question. you have no knowledge of General Porter's position with his command during the 29th of August?

Answer. I have not. I could say where he was not, because I was over that road once. i could mention once more fact, that of seeing clouds of dust, as indicating the march of some forces toward Centreville, as near as I could judge.

Question. At what hour of the day did you see these clouds of dust?

Answer. That was the time I speak of, when I was sent by General Pope off the road, off to the south, on the Groveton and Manassas road, I supposed.

Question. At what hour of the day was that?

Answer. I was sent off about noon, 11 or 12 o'clock, the time I spoke of before; I was sent over to find General McDowell; they gave me a point where they said I could find him, but when I got there they told me he had gone back to Manassas; that was at a large brick house, with a well in the yard; it may be fixed by other evidence, if necessary; it was where General Sigel's supply train was during the day, on the plain, open road from Manassas to the battle-field.

Question. Do I understand you to say that you have no knowledge of what forces were marching, and whose march caused the clouds of dust that you saw?

Answer. No, sir; I could see the dust rising on the road; I should think as much as a mile or two from Manassas, in the direction of Centreville; although I may have so misunderstood the character of the country, which I think I did to, that these forces were marching in some other direction; I merely state my impression at the time I saw it; there may have been a train moving along there.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the ACCUSED:

Question. State whether you belong to the Regular Army or to the volunteer service.

Answer. I belong to the First Ohio Cavalry Volunteers-its lieutenant-colonel.

Question. About what time is the date of your commission?

Answer. The date of my commission is August 24, 1861.

Question. Had you belonged to any army before that time?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Have you at any time received a military education?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. In what campaign in which there had been a battle had you ever been before the campaign of General Pope in Virginia?

Answer. I was not in the battle of Shiloh; but I arrived there the morning after the battle, and I was present during the approaches and siege of Corinth, and served there in command of my regiment, and up to the time that the pursuit of the enemy was abandoned after the evacuation of Corinth.

Question. When did you join the force of General Pope during his campaign in Virginia?

Answer. I joined General Pope somewhere about the 9th of July last here in Washington, and served with him during the whole of his campaign in Virginia.

Question. When for the first time did you see the accused?

Answer. I saw him for the first time on the day I apeak of. I may have seen him in the morning. But I do not remember ever having seen him before that interview on the 28th of August.

Question. Had you had any correspondence with him at any time before you then saw him?

Answer. No, sir.

