
Question. Have you any knowledge that the accused received the ammunition, and, if you have, at what time did he receive it?

Answer. I have no knowledge that he ever received it.

Question. Have you any knowledge that he did not receive it?

Answer. I have a knowledge from what he told me, that he had not received it at that time. he may have received it subsequently.

Question. The time to which you ow refer is the time of the conversation?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. then are we to understand you that you have no knowledge that he did not receive it at a subsequent period, or, if he did, when he received it?

Answer. He may have informed me on Sunday morning at Centreville that he had received it, but I do not remember that he did.

Question. Have you any knowledge of the immediate object he had in view, requesting that this additional ammunition should be sent to him?

Answer. No, sir; nothing more than I know that General Porter had reported when he came up that he had, I think, but 40 rounds to the man; that is, he reported that at Warrenton Junction to us, according to my recollection.

Question. You have stated, if your evidence is remembered correctly, that the accused said he had no persons to take charge of and distribute the ammunition, and requested officers to be sent?

Answer. I did not say that he requested officers to be sent to him. He said he had no officers for it. That was the first expression in his conversation which struck me as strange.

Question. You have said, if understood correctly, that the whole of the enemy's forces, whilst the battle of the 29th of August was going on, was not on the field in front of the Union troops?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What portion of the enemy's forces were in the rear on that occasion, as you supposed?

Answer. I believe, as far as we ad information from spies, &amp;c., that we had Jackson and Ewell in front of us there, and a part of Longstreet's force that came on to the field.

Question. Do you know what generals commanded the divisions of the army of the enemy?

Answer. I knew at the time, from information that we had. I do not know as I can remember them now. I myself examined a number of prisoners and deserters from time to time.

Question. Did Longstreet, so far as you know, command all the forces that were in the rear when the battle commenced on the 29th of August?

Answer. I supposed Robert E. Lee commanded the Army of Norther Virginia, which was the army operating against us.

Question. The question is, who immediately commanded the forces of the enemy in the rear-what general?

Answer. Robert E. Lee, I supposed.

Question. Was not General Longstreet there?

Answer. I do not know. I understood that General Buford counted a portion of the enemy that passed through Gainesville, which were all the re-enforcements that

