
got up for the enemy that day, I think. I cannot remember distinctly when he reported that, or how it came to us.

Question. Do you remember the number that General Buford reported?

Answer. No, sir; I do not even know at what hour of the day I heard that report; I do not know that I heard it until the next day.

Question. In saying that, as you understood, General Robert E. Lee commanded the army of the enemy, are you to be understood as meaning to say that he was in person in the battle of the 29th of August?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Or in person commanded that portion of the army of the enemy that was in the immediate rear of Jackson and Ewell?

Answer. No, sir; I did not know that.

Question. Do you now know whether General Longstreet, with the forces under his immediate command, joined the enemy at that time, and on what portion of the enemy's lines?

Answer. No, sir; as I said before, all I can give is the impression derived from the appearance of the field in front of us as to where the enemy were and what their force was; that combined with such information as we had received of their movements the two or three days previous.

Question. If Jackson's corps was the one immediately in front of our forces, and of that portion of our forces commanded by the accused, and Longstreet's corps had united with Jackson's corps on his right, are you sufficiently acquainted with the character of the country, and the position in which the accused was with his corps, to be enabled to say that he could have, after that junction, attacked the enemy's right in flank and in rear?

Answer. From the general character of the country there, although I do not know the nature of the ground immediately between the Gainesville road and the right of the enemy, I infer that the corps of the accused could have moved up, its right joining with the forces engaged, and have flanked the enemy. This is not all an inference merely from the general character of the country. It is based, also, on the fact that that portion of the country over which, as I understand it, the corps of the accused would have moved upon the enemy, was sufficiently practicable to enable the enemy, as they did, to make a similar movement upon our left on the next day.

Question. Will you designate upon the map the exact direction, as near as you can, in which the enemy made the attack upon our left and in the rear?

Answer. [The witness indicated upon the map.]

Question. What time of the day, on Saturday, the 30th of August, was that attack made by the enemy?

Answer. That attack, the weight of it, was made about 4 or 5 o'clock in the afternoon; I think 3 or 4 o'clock. It would be pretty hard for me to tell the hours on Saturday; it was a pretty anxious day. my opinion about time, Saturday afternoon, I think, would be worth little, except the time after that attack commenced, when I could give a pretty good estimate of the time, and that is the way in which I judge. My impression is that we were fighting there about three or four hours-about two hours before they gave out, and could make no further impression on us.

Question. At the time of the attack of which you have spoken, what was the distance between the left of our lines and the right of the enemy's?

Answer. There was no distance. They were fighting face to face after the attack commenced. They kept swinging around; their fire kept coming in more and more on our flank, until at last it was right square on our flank. The last battery they planted was as much as a mile from where they commenced. There was no musketry

57 R R-VOL XII, PT II, SUP

