
U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General Silas Casey, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James A. Garfield, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General N. B. Buford, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General J. P. Slough, U. S. Volunteers; and Colonel J. Holt, Judge-Advocate General.

The accused, with his counsel, being also present.

The minutes of the last session were read and approved.

Major General SAMUEL P. HEINTZELMAN was then called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Will you state what is your position in the military service of the United States?

Answer. I am a major-general in the volunteer service.

Question. In what part of the State of Virginia were you, with your command, ont he 27th of August last?

Answer. near Warrenton Junction.

Question. What information have you in regard to the condition of General Hooker's supply of ammunition after the battle of Kettle Run, on the 27th of August?

Answer. A portion of his division was nearly out of ammunition.

Question. Was, or was not, that fact made know to Major-General Pope in the afternoon of the 27th of August?

Answer. Late in the afternoon it was.

Question. Have you, or not, any knowledge that this condition of things had been in any way communicated to the accused?

Answer. I have no knowledge on that subject.

Examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the ACCUSED:

Question. Will you state what was the condition of the road between Warrenton Junction and Bristoe Station on the evening of the 27th of August?

Answer. It was a narrow road, in tolerably good condition. A part of it ran through some woods.

Question. Were there any, and, if any, what, obstructions upon that road which would have impeded the movement of troops in large numbers?

Answer. They could only march in one line. There were a few little ditches that were had crossing, and I think the road crossed the railroad, perhaps, once or twice; those crossings were bad. i do not recollect distinctly about the road; it was not a very good road, however.

Question. Will you state whether it was to any extent obstructed by wagons?

Answer. There was a large train of wagons behind us-a considerable obstruction.

Question. When you say that the wagons were behind your command, are we to understand that you mean to say that they were behind the command of the accused or in front of it?

Answer. They were in front of the command of the accused.

Question. Do you remember now what the character of the night was; was it light, or dark and rainy?

