
Question. Was the railroad made use of in connection with the regular dirt road?

Answer. It was very difficult to march on the railroad in the night. Some of the rails were torn up, ties piled up on the track, culverts destroyed, and bridges burned.

Question. Was there, on the night of the 27th of August, a route of march practicable for General Porter's troops from Warrenton Junction to Bristoe Station, so far as you have knowledge of the country?

Answer. That would depend upon where the wagons were. There were places where the wagons would have entirely obstructed the road.

Question. Do you know where those wagons were?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Were there, or not, any repairs on the railroad between Warrenton Junction and Bristoe Station, between the time when you passed over it and 1 o'clock of the morning of the 28th?

Answer. I believe not.

The examination of this witness here closed.

Major General IRVIN McDOWELL called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Will you state your position in the military service of the United States?

Answer. I am a major-general of volunteers, and a brigadier-general in the Regular Army, so called.

Question. Will you state the command you exercised in the Army of Virginia on the 29th of August last?

Answer. I commanded the Third Army Corps of the Army of Virginia.

Question. Was not Major-General Pope your superior officer on that day?

Answer. He was.

Question. State the nature of any order that you may have received from General Pope on the morning of the 29th, directed jointly and severally to yourself and General Porter, and the hour, so far as you remember it, of its receipt, and the position of your command at the time.

Answer. Early on the morning of the 29th, after directing Reynolds' division to co-operate with General Sigel's corps in a movement he was about to make against the enemy, I left for the purpose of bringing up the divisions of Generals King and Ricketts, who, I learned were at or in the vicinity of Manassas Junction. On arriving at Manassas Junction, I met Major-General Porter's corps coming up, and saw Major-General Porter. Soon after, he showed me an order from Major-General Pope to himself, directing him to make a certain movement, and to take with him King's division. I am giving the substance of it merely. Some conversation took place between General Porter and myself concerning this order, I feeling some embarrassment at one of my divisions going off as it seemed to me, under his command. He mentioned to the effect that as I was the senior officer, I naturally and necessarily commanded the whole his force was well as my own, and with that understanding the division followed after his corps on the road that he was ordered to take, toward Gainesville, I think. Learning that General Rickett's division was in the vicinity, I had it brought over to follow after King's division, King's and Ricketts' divisions, in the order named, being on the same road and following the corps of General Porter. I cannot tell the time of day nor the exact place when and where I received an order

