
left the accused to the point upon the battle-field that you reached with that portion of your command?

Answer. Somewhere about 4 miles.

Question. What road did you travel, or did you travel any route known as a road?

Answer. The troops went by the Sudley Springs road from Bethlehem church.

Question. When you left the accused where you found him on the 29th of August, were you at that time advised that Longstreet's corps, or any other corps of the Confederate army, was marching on the unite with the right of Jackson?

Answer. I did not know anything about Longstreet's corps or Jackson's corps. I have mentioned before that I received a note from General Buford that seventeen regiments, a battery, and 500 cavalry were marching from Gainesville upon Groveton. To whom they belonged or to whom they were going, was not a matter of which I was informed.

Question. Do you know now whether the information given by General Buford in the note to which you have just referred was correct?

Answer. I know nothing more now that I knew then; I believed it then to be correct.

Question. Will you state if the force to which General Buford referred in his note actually passed through Gainesville at 30 minutes past 9 o'clock on the 29th of August, how long suppose it would have taken it to have joined the force in front, which as we have supposed, was commanded by Jackson?

Answer. It would depend upon how fast they marched.

Question. I know that.

Answer. I do not know how fast they marched, so I cannot tell.

Question. How long would it have taken them if they had marched as fast as you think they could have marched?

Answer. I have formed no estimate as to how fast those troops can march.

Question. If those troops, in fact, marched as fast as you have marched your own troops upon any occasion, now long would it have taken them?

Answer. To go from Gainesville?

Question. Yes, sir.

Answer. Without stop, without obstacles, formations, or checks of any kind, simply marching along the road?

Question. The question has reference to that country as it is, a distance of as you say about 4 miles.

Answer. It was somewhere between 4 and 6 miles. Troops march readily from two miles to two miles and a half an hour, if there is nothing to prevent them; if they are not disturbed by stopping up the roads with wagons, getting breakfast, or something of that kind.

Question. From your knowledge of the actual condition of the country over which that force was supposed to be passing, can you tell whether there were any obstacles to their march, and, if there were any, what were they?

Answer. Not having gunk over the road, I do not know anything about the obstacles one way or the other.

Question. Do you know what was the average number of the regiments of the Confederates, each regiment, I mean?

Answer. Do you mean the strength of each regiment?

