
Question. Yes, sir.

Answer. They consisted of all the way from 200, or even as low as 150, up to 1,000 or even 1,200. I have taken a great deal of pains at different times in examining deserters, scouts, spies, negroes, and prisoners to ascertain that matter, and I find that nothing various so much as the strength of the regiments on the other side. I have the impression that they were not very strong; that their average was certainly not greater than our own, if it was as great; but that i varies at different times. Before they had their conscription, it was very low; after the conscription, their regiments were quite full. I have no personal knowledge of the matter at all. I give the sources from which I obtained this estimate.

Question. Have you a knowledge now of what was the actual force of the enemy under the command of Jackson, or did you know that Jackson was in command of the enemy?

Answer. I did not know that Jackson was there; I have been told that he was there. I do not know what his force was.

Question. And do you know, or not, what was the amount of the Confederate force that was coming up?

Answer. Coming up when and where?

Question. As state in the note from General Buford.

Answer. Nothing more than he told me in that note.

Question. How long had you left the accused, on the 29th of August, whey you saw the order dated at 4.30 p.m. of the day, which was handed you by some officer?

Answer. I cannot tell; I do not recollect. I rode from held of his column back to the head of my own column and as rapidly as I could get my troops into position on the other road,and waited until the larger part of them had entered upon that road. Then, on riding by them to go to the head of my column on the Sudley Springs road, I met this messenger. I cannot tell how long all this took. I cannot fix the time when I left General Porter, and, of course, cannot fix the time when I saw this messenger.

Question. How often during this campaign of General Pope in Virginia, of which you have spoken, had you seen the accused before you saw him on the 29th of August?

Answer. I had not seen him during that campaign before I saw him on the 29th of August.

Question. How long were you together during the interview of the 29th of August?

Answer. I cannot fix the exact time. We rode together some distance, perhaps a mile; perhaps it may have been more; I do not recollect now.

Question. Was it five, ten, fifteen, or twenty minutes?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Which?

Answer. You may put it at fifteen minutes, or at twenty minutes.

Question. During that conversation, that interview, did the accused say anything or do anything, from which you inferred disloyalty upon his part, or unwillingness to perform his duty under the command of General Pope?

Answer. No, sir; what the said was the reverse. He professed to have but one feeling, which was that for the success of his country. This was said, I think, in reference to the embarrassment which I have before alluded to, about General King's division going under him (General Porter). It was not a question with me about his loyalty or disloyalty; I never think of such things; what I mean is this; I assume everybody to be loyal; my suspicious do not run that way. The suspicion that persons who hold commissions as general officers in the army are disloyal does not occur to me.

