
Question. It is not recollected what you said in relation to the embarrassment you speak of growing out of King's division being under General Porter's command. Will you state what it was that you understood him to refer to?

Answer. The embarrassment was rather on my side than on his; the embarrassment I refer to was this: I came down to take King's division, and bring it up along with my other division, that is, with Reynolds' division, then engaged at Groveton. I found it with an order to go under General Porter in another direction; that was what produced the embarrassment. General Porter had nothing to do with that embarrassment. I may say that we were both embarrassed; I at finding one of my divisions under his command, and he at finding himself under my command. I do not know that "embarrassment" is the proper word to use; what I meant was that I found things different from what I expected to find. When I spoke of one of my divisions going under him, he suggested that I was the senior officer, as between himself and myself, and that Could take the command of the whole force-his corps and my own force-and we went forward at first in that way, before this joint order reached us. I did not go to that place expecting to find General Porter; I went there to find my own division, and I found General Porter there with an order to take one of my divisions under his command. That was not foreseen by the general-in-chief of that army, who was absent, and the matter was solved in the way I have stated, I commanding General Porter's corps and my own division. We then received the joint order, which directed the very things which we had ourselves done. The order was sent by General Pope upon the receipt of a note from me, in reference to this matter of my division.

Question. Do you know from what point King's division had marched on that day, or the day before in order to get to the point where you found it on the 29th of August?

Answer. It had marched from some point or some place on the Warrenton turnpike, between Gainesville and Groveton, where it had an engagement with the enemy, back to Manassas Junction, having left, as I was informed by General Reynolds, about 1 o'clock on the morning of Friday, the 29th of August. It had been ordered the day before to march from Buckland Mills, which is beyond Gainesville, to Manassas Junction. Before it had reached Bethlehem church, it was ordered to move on to Centreville, in compliance with orders from General Pope, and had been sent from the road-or I do not know that it was on any road, but from the position where the order reached it-north to the Warrenton turnpike, and thence to move along that pike to Centreville. It had become engaged with the enemy in the evening, and then, as I have before stated, fell back the next morning, starting at 1 o'clock, as I understood from General Reynolds. These facts I learned on the morning of Friday, the 29th, from General Reynolds, who had been personally with King's division, had ridden over to it the night before.

Question. Do you recollect whether you informed the accused at that interview that General Ricketts had been driven from Thoroughfare Gap, and that General King had been driven from Gainesville, by the enemy?

Answer. I do not recollect having used such expressions; I recollect having informed him of the fact that General King's division, as I had learned from General Reynolds, had fallen back that morning, and also that General Ricketts' division had fallen back from Thoroughfare Gap. At the time I saw General Porter, I had not got up with either of these divisions; I found them after my interview with him.

Question. Did you then know that Generals Ricketts and King had me tight the enemy, the one at Thoroughfare Gap and the other at or near Gainesville, and that they were then falling back in consequence of the enemy?

Answer. I knew they had met the enemy the night before, but at the time I met General Porter I knew nothing of the details of the engagements which they had had with the enemy, nor do I recollect having said to General Porter, or having known anything about the motives for General King's falling back to Manassas from this position on the road between Gainesville and Groveton. I have an idea that there was a question of supplies connected with the falling back from that point. General Reynolds had told me that he had told General King that he would be alongside of him in the morning. At the time I saw General Porter, the whole subject of the en-

