
from his, after which I conceived that his relations were direct to the commander-in-chief,therefore, in answer to the question, to that extent I did interfere with his corps, by separating mine from it, and also by indicating where I thought his corps ought to be applied against the enemy.

Question. Did you report to General Pope any change you had made in the operation of that joint order?

Answer. No further than by bringing my troops up, reporting to him that they were there, and receiving his orders. His order to General Porter direct met me on my way to join the main army. I did not know at that time that General Pope was at that particular place.

Question. When you saw the order from General Pope to General Porter, the one subsequent to the joint order, did you give, or had you given, any order to General Porter which would interfere with his obedience to it?

Answer. None.

Question. The orders you had given to General Porter were not in opposition or, at least, not of a different character, from the one that came to him from General Pope?

Answer. They concurred. The arrangements that I supposed to exist when I left General Porter concurred with the order which I afterward saw from General Pope to General Porter. They were to the same effect, except as to details, which General Pope may have given. I gave no details.

Question. Would, or would not, the presence of General Pope, an officer superior in command to both yourself and General Porter, render inoperative or inapplicable the article of war to which you have referred?

Answer. It would depend upon his presence, whether it was immediate or not.

Question. We speak of such presence as existed then.

Answer. We did not so consider it. General Pope, according, to the note we received was at Centreville which I suppose was some 6 miles off, and we were going away from him. I will mention further that the day before nearly a similar case happened, when General Sigel and myself were together at Buckland Mills, and I commanded General Sigel. That was done by a direct order from General Pope, before given. Still, it would have been the same if he had not given that order.

Question. Could the accused have engaged in the battle according to your order, and according to the subsequent order of General Pope, and still have fallen back to Bull Run within the time named in the joint order to yourself and the accused?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. From your knowledge of the nature of the country between General Porter's column and the forces engaged on the 29th of August, was there anything to have prevented the accused from making an attack upon the enemy's right or rear, as directed by General Pope? If so, state what it was.

Answer. My knowledge of the country is derived principally, first, from having gone over the railroad from Manassas to Gainesville in a car, or on a locomotive, which gave me but little idea of it, as I was engaged whilst going over with matters which prevented my paying attention to the country; next, in marching from Buckland Mills to Gainesville, and from Gainesville east along the Warrenton turnpike for a mile or two-I do not remember the exact distance-then turning off to the right and south, and going across the country to Bethlehem church, and thence to Manassas; then from the fact that General Reynolds' division, which had the lead on the occasion that I refer to, going from Gainesville toward Groveton, had gone farther on that road than I went myself-had turned to the right, and gone toward Bethlehem church; and from the fact that General King's division, which had gone on that same road toward Groveton from Gainesville, and had turned down south of that road, had again gone north on to that road, had engaged the enemy at a certain place, had fallen

