
The examination of Major General IRVIN McDOWELL, was then resumed.

Examination by the COURT:

Question. From the extent of ground occupied by General Porter's corps, how many men had he, do you suppose?

Answer. Somewhere between 12,000 and 15,000; say 12,000.

Question. When you parted from the accused to proceed to your own corps, were you and he alone together, or did you observer other persons within hearing of your conversation?

Answer. We were not alone; some of my staff were with me, and I think some of General Porter's staff were with him. How near they were, whether they could hear or not, I cannot say.

Question. As you rode away, did you hear the accused address any observation to you in a raised tone of voice, as if calling after you to be heard?

Answer. I do not recollect hearing any such observation in a raised tone of voice.

Question. Can you recollect who of your staff were with you or in that immediate vicinity at that time?

Answer. I can give one name; and he, perhaps, can the state about the others better than I can. The staff were from me in such a way that it would be difficult for me to tell what particular persons were there at that particular time. I think Captain Cutting was with me. I know there were others. I could find out upon inquiry; but at this moment I am not able to give the names.

Question. During the conversation which you had with the accused, in which you mentioned to him your direction that he should put his troops, in did you at the time suppose that other persons were within hearing of that conversation?

Answer. I think I have answered that question.

Question. The previous question related to the time of parting from General Porter. This relates to the time that you held this conversation?

Answer. The conversation in which I told him to put his troops in there was immediately before I left him.

Question. When you left him, were you both in the woods?

Answer. In which woods?

Question. In the woods which were near to the headquarters of the accused, on the opposite side of the railroad-the patch of woods there.

Answer. My impression is that I had not crossed the railroad when I left General Porter; that is my impression. I may have crossed it and come back. I paid no attention to those things at the time.

The examination of this witness was here closed.

The judge-advocate submitted in evidence the following, purporting to be a copy of a dispatch sent from General Porter of General Burnside, which was read:

WARRENTON JUNCTION, August 27-4 p.m.

General BURNSIDE, Falmouth, Va.:

I send you the last order from General Pope, which indicates the future as well as the present. Wagons are rolling along rapidly to the rear, as if a mighty power was propelling them. I see no cause for alarm, though I think this may cause it. McDowell moves to Gainesville, where Sigel now is. The latter got to Buckland Bridge in time to put out the fire and kick the enemy, who is pursuing his route unmolested to the Shenandoah or Loudoun County. The forces are Longstreet's, A. P. Hill's, Jackson's, Whiting's, Ewell's, and Anderson's (late Huger's) divisions. Long-

