
street is said by a deserter to be very strong. They have much artillery and long wagon trains. The raid on the railroad was near to Cedar Run, and made by a regiment of infantry, tow squadrons of cavalry, and a section of artillery. The place was guarded by nearly three regiments of infantry and some cavalry. They routed the guard, captured a train and many men, destroyed the bridge, and retired leisurely down the road toward Manassas. It can easily be repaired. No troops are coming up, except new troops, that I can hear of. Sturgis is here with two regiments. Four were cut off by the raid. The position of the troops is given in the order. No enemy in our original front. A letter of General Lee, seized when Stuart's assistant adjutant-general was taken, directs Stuart to leave a squadron only to watch in front of Hanover Junction, &amp;c., Everything has moved up north. I find a vast difference between these troops and ours, but I suppose they were new, as to-day they burned their clothes, &c., when there was not the least cause. I hear that they are much demoralized, and needed some good troops to give them heart, and I think head. We are working now to get behind Bull Run, and I presume will be there in a few days, if strategy don't use us up. The strategy is magnificent and tactics in the inverse proportion. I would like some of my ambulances. I would like also to be ordered to return to Fredericksburg, and to push toward Hanover, or with a larger force to strike at Orange Court-House. I wish Summer was at Washington, and up near the Monocacy, with good batteries; I do not doubt the enemy have large amounts of supplies provided for them, and I believe they have a contempt for this Army of Virginia. I wish myself away from it with all our and Army of the Potomac, and so do our companions. I was informed to-day, by the best authority, that in opposition to General Pope's views, this army was pushed out to save the Army of the Potomac an army that could take care of itself, Pope says he long since wanted to go behind the Occoquan.

I am in great need of ambulances, and the officers need medicines, which, for want of transportation, were left behind. I hear many of the sick of my corps are in houses, on the road, very sick. I think there is no fear of an enemy crossing the Rappahannock. The cavalry are all in the advance of the rebel army. At Kelly's and Barnett's Ford much property was left, in consequence of the wagons going down for grain, &c. If you can push up the grain to-night, please do so direct to this place. There is no grain here or anywhere, and this army is wretchedly supplied in that line. Pope says he never could get enough.

Most of this is private, but, if you can get me away, please do so. Make what use of this you choose, so it does good.

F. J. PORTER.

After telegraphing this dispatch will be sent to General Burnside.

The accused admitted that the paper just read was a dispatch he desired to send to General Burnside, but he did not know that it had been actually transmitted.

THEODORE E. MORELAND, was then called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Will you state to the court whether or not you were in the public service on the 27th of August last: and if so, in what capacity?

Answer. I went down about the 20th of August as a telegraph operator, and to build the line out that way.

Question. Where were you on the 27th of August last?

Answer. I should judge I was about 20 miles beyond Fredericksburg.

Question. Will you look at this dispatch [handing witness one submitted in evidence by the judge-advocate and reach this morning], and say whether or not you have any recollection of having sent it?

Answer. [After examining dispatch.] I sent that message.

Question. Was, or was not, the original in the handwriting of the accused?

Answer. Yes, sir; I should think it was.

Question. What disposition was made of the original?

Answer. General Porter requested that it should be handed to the officer, a major,

