
General Reno will immediately communicate with Major-General McDowell, and his command, as well as that of Major-General Heintzelman, will support Major-General McDowell in any operations against the enemy.

Major General Fitz John Porter will remain at Warrenton Junction till he is relieved by Major-General Banks, when he will immediately push forward with his corps in the direction of Greenwich, and Gainesville, to assist the operations on the right wing.

Major-General Banks, as soon as he arrives at Warrenton Junction, will assume the charge of the trains, and cover their movement toward Manassas Junction. The train of his own corps, under escort of two regiments of infantry, and a battery of artillery, will pursue the road south of the railroad, which conducts into the rear of Manassas Junction. As soon as all the trains have passed Warrenton Junction, he will take post behind Cedar Run, covering the fords and bridges of that stream, and holding his position as long as possible. He will cause all the railroad trains to be loaded with the public and private stores now here, and run them back toward Manassas Junction as far as the railroad is practicable. Wherever a bridge is burned so as to prevent the farther passage of the railroad trains, he will assemble them all as near together as possible, and protect them with his command until the bridges are rebuilt. If the enemy is too strong before the bridge can be repaired, he will be careful to destroy entirely the train, locomotives, and stores, before he falls back in the direction of Manassas Junction. He is, however, to understand that he is to defend his position as long as possible, keeping himself in constant communication with Major-General Porter on his right. If any sick, now in hospital at Warrenton Junction, are not provided for and able to be transported, he will have them loaded into the wagon train of his own corps (even should this necessitate the destruction of much baggage and regimental property), and carried to Manassas Junction. The very important duty devolves upon Major-General Banks. The major-general commanding the Army of Virginia feels assured that he will discharge [it] with intelligence, courage, and fidelity.

The general headquarters will be with the corps of Major-General Heintzelman until further notice.

By command of Major-General Pope:

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

The examination by the accused was here closed.

Examination resumed by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Will you look at the paper now submitted to you [handing] paper to the witness], dated "Bristoe, 6 a.m., 29th," addressed to General Burnside, and which purports to be a dispatch sent by the accused to General Burnside and state if you know anything in regard to its having been sent over the telegraphic wires?

Answer. [After examining the paper.] I think I read that message. It was brought down to the office. I cannot say positively that I sent that message over the wires.

Question. Was it, or not, in the handwriting of the accused?

Answer. That I do not remember.

Question. Are you, or not, certain that it was sent over the wires by any one of the operatives engaged by the Government?

Answer. I have no recollection of having seen it sent over the wires.

The paper was handed the accused, who, after examining it, said that he had but two dispatches sent by him to General Burnside, which two were sent to him by General Burnside not long since, and when the court desired them, he (the accused) would produce them.

J. L. CHERRY was then called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What position did you hold in the public service during the month of August last, and where were you engaged?

Answer. I held the position of telegraphic operator, and was engaged in putting up a telegraphic line from Falmouth in the direction of Culpeper.

