
The dispatch was then read as follows:

[Received August 27, 1862.]

UNITED STATES MILITARY TELEGRAPH,

From Advance-11.45 p.m.

Major-General BURNSIDE:

Have just received orders from General Pope to move Sykes to-morrow to within 2 miles of Warrenton, and to call up more to same point, leaving the fords guarded by the cavalry. He says the troops in rear should be brought up as rapidly as possible, leaving only a small rear guard at Rappahannock Station, and that he cannot see how a general engagement can be put off more than a day or two. I shall move up as ordered, but the want of grain, and the necessity of receiving a supply of subsistence, will cause some delay. Please hasten back the wagons sent down, and inform McClellan, that I may know that I am doing right. Banks is at Fayetteville; McDowell, Sigel, and Ricketts at and immediately in front of Warrenton; Reno on his right; Cox joins to-morrow, Sturgis next day, and Franklin is expected. So says General Pope.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

Question. Will you examine the paper now shown you [handing witness a paper], and say ifs you have any recollection of having sent it over the wires?

Answer. [After examining the paper.] I remember sending that dispatch, all but the first sentence, ending with the word "bosh". I have no recollection of having sent that, although I may have sent it.

Question. Have you, or not, any decided impression, as to whether that sentence was in the message as you sent it?

Answer. I have not. I have no recollection of ever sending sentence.

The paper was then passed to the accused, who, after having read it, said that he admitted having sent that dispatch to General Burnside, and was satisfied, upon now reading the paper, that the sentence not remembered by witness was a part of the dispatch he (the accused) had sent.

The dispatch was then read as follows:

[Received 1 p.m.-Cipher.]

FALMOUTH, August 29, 1862-1 p.m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief:

The following just received from Porter:

FOUR MILES FROM MANASSAS, the 28th-2 p.m.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN, Alexandria:

All that talk of bagging Jackson, &amp;c., was bosh. That enormous gap, Manassas, was left open, and the enemy jumped through; and the story of McDowell having cut off Longstreet had no good foundation. The enemy have destroyed all our bridges, burned trains, &c., and made this army rush back to look at its line of communication, and finds us bare of subsistence. We are far from Alexandria, considering the means of transportation. Your supply train of 40 wagons is here, but I can't find them. There is a report that Jackson is at Centreville which you can believe or not. The enemy destroyed an immense amount of property at Manassas, cars and supplies. I expect the next thing will be a raid on our rear by way of Warrenton by Longstreet, who was cut off.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

This is the latest news.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

The examination of this witness was here closed.

Colonel SPEED BUTLER was then called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Will you state what position you hold in the military service of the United States?

