
Answer. I hold the position of additional aide-de-camp in the United States Army, with the rank of colonel.

Question. What part, if any, did you take in the campaign of the Army of Virginia, in the month of August last?

Answer. I was connected with the headquarters of General Pope, as an aide, and acted in different capacities during that campaign.

Question. Where were you during the 30th of August last?

Answer. I was at Centreville, in charge of headquarters there.

Question. What portion, if any, of the command of the accused arrived at Centreville that day, and at what hour did they arrive?

Answer. General Griffin's brigade and General Piatt's brigade arrived there that day. General Griffin's brigade arrived there about 11 o'clock on the morning of the 30th. General Piatt's brigade arrived there some time after that, on the same morning.

Question. Do you or not know from what point those forces had marched that morning?

Answer. General Griffin's brigade came from toward Manassas Junction. I did not notice what road General Piatt's brigade came upon into town.

Question. Had you, or not, any means of knowing from what point they had come? I mean the point they had started from that morning.

Answer. Only what I heard General Griffin say; which was, that he had come from Manassas Junction.

Question. Was there, or not, a battle during that day, the 30th of August, between the rebel forces and those of the United States, not far from Centreville?

Answer. There was.

Question. Was, or not, the sound of the artillery distinctly heard at Centreville?

Answer. Very distinctly.

Question. How long did the brigade of General Griffin remain at Centreville?

Answer. I could not state positively; I know it was there for three of four hours.

Question. Did that brigade, or not, take any part in the action of that day?

Answer. It did not.

Question. Do you, or not, know under what circumstances the forces under the command of General Piatt left Centreville, after their arrival there on that day?

Answer. I think the command of General Piatt made no halt at Centreville, but marched directly through the town toward the battle-field.

Question. Could you state with any certainly the hour at which the force under General Piatt left Centreville?

Answer. I cannot; I should suppose it was after 12 o'clock, some time.

Question. Up to what hour did the battle of the 30th of August continue?

Answer. I think some time after 5 o'clock; perhaps 4 o'clock in the evening.

The examination of this witness here closed.

The judge-advocate stated that there were no other witnesses in attendance, and there might be none for several days. Some of them were in active service in the field at this time, and others were at remote points, at which they had been telegraphed.

The court accordingly adjourned to 11 a.m. on Thursday next.

