
Question. In view of the condition, of the road as you have described it, and also the character of the night, was or was not, the movement of troops along that road practicable that night?

Answer. I do not know of anything to hinder troops moving along the railroad there. There was a road running each side of the railroad. I should think it would have been easy for troops to move along there, although I may be mistaken in that.

Question. Where were you Saturday, the 30th of August, during the battle of Manassas, as I believe it is called?

Answer. I was at Centreville until about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, when I went to the battle-field.

Question. Did you, or not, see any portion, of the command of the accused during that day; and, if so, where did you see them?

Answer. Right in the rear of where the headquarters trains, were, and of the southern line of defenses there, right on the pike running from Fairfax Court-House to Gainesville or Warrenton. There was a body of troops passing around to the left, crossing the road. I rode out to see who they were. I met General Piatt, General Sturgis, and I am under the impression that I met some other general.

Question. General Griffin?

Answer. No, sir; I did not meet him at that time; I met him shortly afterward. I asked what troops they were, and they told me it was General Morell's division.

Question. Were, or were not, these troops moving in the direction of Centreville?

Answer. This was right at Centreville. All the trains were in camp in rear of Centreville.

Question. At what time in the day did you see these troops?

Answer. I should think it was about 11 o'clock in the morning.

Question. Was the sound of the artillery from the battle-field distinct at that point?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you leave these troops there when you yourself went upon the battle-field?

Answer. No, sir; it was some time after that I went upon the battle-field.

Question. When you went upon the battle-field, were these troops still where you had seen them?

Answer. Not at that particular place. They had moved off in advance of Centreville, where the road forks. A portion of them were there, the artillery was there. I supposed they were the same troops, though I did not go to second time to see them.

Question. You did not see them march in the direction of the battle-field?

Answer. I saw some of them as I was coming back after dark. I met General Griffin.

Question. Where did you meet him?

Answer. Very near Cub Run Bridge, I should think.

Question. How far is that from Centreville?

Answer. About 2 miles from Centreville, on the road leading to the battle-field.

Question. Was the battle then over?

Answer. It was after dark. There was not much firing then.

Question. What was the distance from Centreville to the battle-field?

Answer. About 4 or 4 1/2 miles.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

