
Examination by the ACCUSED:

Question. Were your general orders to push forward your wagons as fast as possible toward Manassas?

Answer. I was ordered, in the first place, by telegraph from General Pope from Warrenton Junction to Warrenton, to take the trains to Warrenton Junction. After I arrived at Warrenton Junction, I reported to General Pope, and he ordered me to go on to Manassas. He stated that General Hooker was in the advance, and would act as protection to the trains.

Question. After being permitted to go into park with your wagons, why did you defer starting them until daylight the next morning?

Answer. We generally stop at night, in traveling, when we can. The teams were not unharnessed, but were ready to move at a moment's notice.

Question. They would have continued on if it had been daylight, I suppose?

Answer. It if had been daylight, and everything clear ahead.

Question. Then I understand that the state of the night was such, and the condition of the road, was such, that you did not think it proper to start your wagons during the night, but waited until daylight?

Answer. That was not the reason I stopped. We had come about 20 miles that day, and that was about as far as we generally traveled in a day. I suppose I would have gone on if it had not been for the action taking place the afternoon before.

Question. Did all the wagons go into park, or did some continue on the road?

Answer. I think all my train went into park. The wagons were coming in all nigh; I could hear the wagons rolling nearly all night. No trains passed me that night.

Question. Do you know the fact that the road was clear of wagons in front of you and behind you, between Warrenton Junction and Bristoe Station, during that night?

Answer. There were no wagons whatever in front of me. I was with the held of the train. There might have been a great many in rear of me. That I could not tell about.

Question. You have been understood to say that the wagons were rolling all night?

Answer. Yes, sir; coming into park, as they got along, all night; the rear wagons take a long time to come up in a long train of 2,000 or 3,000 wagons.

Question. Then they were coming into park all night, from the road?

Answer. Yes, sir; wherever they could find a place to park, they parked.

Question. Do you know that there were other wagons coming on behind your train?

Answer. I do not know what wagons came on with the army called the Army of the Potomac; I can only speak about those with the Army of Virginia.

Question. Having spoken of the condition of the railroad, do you know its condition accurately, at that time, from your own observation, between Warrenton Junction and Bristoe Station-what breaks there were, &amp;c.?

Answer. I traveled over it several times in the cars, and on horseback with the wagons; not directly on the road when I was on horseback, but on the side of the road; on the road when in the cars.

Question. On the 27th?

Answer. I could [not] says as to the day; I speak of the day when General Hooker had his fight near Bristoe, whatever day that was.

59 R R-VOL XII, PT II, SUP

