
Question. In passing over or near to the railroad, on the 27th of August, did you observe any breaks, any obstructions upon it, which would interfere with the movement of troops over it?

Answer. They burned the bridges there at Bristoe which was on ahead, and I am under the impression that the bridge at Cedar Run was burned; I could not state positively as to that; but that is my impression.

Examination by the accused was here closed.

Examination by the COURT:

Question. In your judgment, could trains have moved over that road that night, if it had been necessary to move them?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was there any reason, connected with the character of the night, why trains could not move on that road?

Answer. No, sir.

The examination of this witness was here closed?

Major S. F. BARSTOW was then called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were you, or not, serving with the corps of Major-General McDowell in the Army of Virginia, during its late campaign in July and August last?

Answer. I was.

Question. In what capacity?

Answer. As assistant adjutant-general.

Question. Have you, or not, any recollection of the night of the 27th of August, being the night after day on which the battle known as the battle of Kettle Run was fought by General Hooker's troops?

Answer. We moved from Warrenton to Buckland Mills on the afternoon of the 27th of August. We reached Buckland Mills about 9 o'clock in the evening, I think, or some time after dark.

Question. What was the character of that night?

Answer. That is more than I can tell; that is, of the whole night.

Question. As late as you were up.

Answer. About the time that we arrived at Buckland Mills there was a spit of rain, but it did not last long.

Question. As compared with other nights of the season, was it more or less unfavorable for the movement of troops?

Answer. I should like to add that we started before daylight the next morning; that is, I was out before daylight. We started about daylight, as I remember it. I have no vivid recollection of that night beyond of that night beyond other nights. It seemed to me to be very much like other nights on which we moved.

Question. Did you, or not, experience, any difficulty in marching troops that night,up to the hour at which you encamped?

Answer. No, sir.

The examination of this witness here closed.

The judge-advocate stated that there were no other witnesses on the part of the Government present. If those who had been summoned shoul be present to-morrow, the case on the part of the Government, so far as he knew, he thought might be closed to-morrow.

The court thereupon adjourned to 11 a.m. to-morrow.

