
the woods, the tops of the trees. It was a wooded country. While we were halted there, a battery of the rebels opened upon us, but fired some three or four shells only, I think; there my have been a half a dozen. Our brigade then marched into a field, and the regiments were placed in order of battle. I recollect that General Morell's division was in our advance, on the lower ground. Some of our pieces replied to this rebel battery. I received permission from the commanding officer of my regiment to go to a more elevated piece of ground, a few rods distant, and while there I saw our batteries reply. A short time afterward (probably a half an hour) we received orders to retrace our steps, and march back in the direction we had come. We then marched back to near Manassas Junction, and camped in the woods alongside this branch railroad I have mentioned. That night I was placed on duty as the field officer of the pickets of Sykes' division. About daybreak the pickets were called in, and we marched toward the battle-field of Bull Run, and were engaged in that battle.

Question. What was the effect of the reply of your guns to this attack of the rebel battery?

Answer. It seemed to silence that battery, and it withdrew. At least that was the impression I had at the time.

Question. What amount of infantry force, if any, did there seem to be supporting this rebel battery?

Answer. I did not see them.

Question. Before you received orders to fall back and retrace your steps along this road, had or had not this rebel battery been completely silenced?

Answer. I think it had been.

Question. Were there, or not, at that time clouds of dust in view, showing an advance of the enemy?

Answer. Clouds of dust were distinctly visible farther over beyond the trees. Whether there were troops advancing or whether they were moving in another direction, I could not tell. I could see distinctly the clouds of dust, as if there was a large body of troops moving.

Question. Did you, or not, see the accused (General Porter) at the head of the column on that day?

Answer. No, sir; I do not recollect seeing General Porter at all that day.

Question. Did you, or not, see General McDowell that day?

Answer. I saw General McDowell before we arrived at the hill or rising ground I have spoken of.

Question. Do you, or not, know whether General McDowell had left the command before this engagement with the rebel battery took place?

Answer. I do not recollect about that.

Question. Will you state at what hour on that evening you arrived at your encampment near Manassas Junction?

Answer. It was some time in the afternoon, I think, I do not recollect distinctly.

Question. Was it nightfall?

Answer. No, sir; it was before night. I went on duty to post my pickets just at dark.

Question. Was there, or not, any such display of the enemy's forces as to make it necessary, in your judgment, to retreat before them?

Answer. I had no means of knowing. When we moved back from that position I supposed it was for some proper cause, but I did not understand at all what the cause was. I did not receive any impression that we were retreating from the enemy. I supposed that we were making a reconnaissance to feel the enemy in that direction, and having found him, that we had moved back for some other purpose; and, not knowing about the orders to the general, I remained under that impression.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

