
Question. In what place occupied by that army were you on the night of the 27th of August?

Answer. I was at Bristoe Station and at Greenwich.

Question. Do you remember the character of the night? If so, will you state whether it was of usual or unusual darkness?

Answer. It was not very dark-not so dark but what I could find my way through the woods.

Question. Was, or was not, the night of such a character as to offer any unusual difficulties to the march of troops?

Answer. It was not.

Question. What was the general condition of the road from Warrenton Junction in the direction of Manassas Junction?

Answer. It was very good.

Question. Did you have full opportunities of ascertaining the condition of that road on the night of the 27th of August?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What opportunities did you have?

Answer. I traveled from beyond Warrenton to Warrenton Junction, from Warrenton Junction to Bristoe Station, and after arriving at Bristoe Station I went across the country to Greenwich.

Question. Have you, or not, frequently passed over that road?

Answer. Very often.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the ACCUSED:

Question. At what hour did you leave Warrenton Junction?

Answer. About half-past 4 o'clock in the afternoon.

QQuestion. At what hour did you reach Bristoe Station?

Answer. About 7 o'clock in the evening, I think.

Question. At what time did you start from Bristoe from Greenwich?

Answer. I started from Bristoe about 9 o'clock at night, and arrived at Greenwich at ten minutes past 12.

Question. Did you remain at Greenwich all night?

Answer. I did.

Question. What did you do at Greenwich?

Answer. I had a dispatch for General Kearny, and I was ordered by General Pope to remain and bring his force through the next morning.

Question. Did you do anything else?

Answer. Merely made the road secure by deploying infantry across the country.

Question. For what purpose was that done?

Answer. There were indications of rebel cavalry.

Question. Did you travel alone?

Answer. No, sir; I had an escort.

Question. Did you go to sleep while you were at Greenwich?

Answer. No, sir; I laid down once or twice, but General Kearny called me up before I got asleep.

