
Question. At what time did you lie down?

Answer. I think it was about 1 o'clock, and I laid about ten minutes the first time.

Question. Did it rain or sprinkle that night?

Answer. It sprinkled a very little just as I started from Bristoe, if I recollect a right.

Question. That is, early in the evening?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. You know nothing of the condition of the road that night between Warrenton Junction and Bristoe Station, or between Warrenton Junction and Kettle Run?

Answer. Only from having passed over it from Warrenton Junction.

Question. You knew nothing of its blocked condition-whether or not there were wagons upon it that night?

Answer. There were wagons upon it while, I was passing over it from Warrenton Junction to Bristoe Station, but they were going into park at the time.

Question. From where were they coming?

Answer. They were coming from the direction of Catlett's Station into Warrenton.

Question. Was it moonlight or starlight that night?

Answer. It was starlight; there was no moon.

The examination of this witness was here closed.

Captain W. B. C. DURYEA called by the Government, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. What is your position in the military service?

Answer. I am assistant adjutant-general to General Duryea.

Question. Where were you and in what position on the 27th of August last?

Answer. We were on the march from Warrenton, and on the night of the 27th of August we halted, I should think, some 3 or 4 miles this side of Warrenton.

Question. At what hour of the night did you halt?

Answer. About midnight.

Question. In your march up to that hour, did you experience any unusual difficulties growing out of the character of the night?

Answer. No, sir.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the ACCUSED:

Question. Was the part of the road over which you passed obstructed by wagons or otherwise?

Answer. The march was very slow. I should think they halted every ten or fifteen minutes. It was a very tedious march.

Question. What caused the slowness of movement and the stoppages?

Answer. It is very hard for me to judge.

The examination of this witness was here closed.

The judge-advocate announced that he had no more witness to be examined.

Certified copies of the commissions of Major General John Pope and Major General Fitz John Porter, as major-generals of volunteers, were then sub-

