
1862, an imperfect copy of which had been introduced by the prosecution]?

Answer. [After examining the paper.] Yes, sir; I recognize it as one that was received from you.

Question. Do you recollect this portion of it:

Don't let the alarm here disturb you. If you had a good force, you could go to Richmond. A force should at once be pushed out to Manassas, and open the road. Our provisions here are very scarce.

Answer. Yes, sir; I recollect that distinctly.

Question. Do you recognize this [handing witness a paper] as one of the dispatches sent by me?

Answer. I remember this dispatch.

The paper was then read, as follows:

BRISTOE, August 28, 1862-9.30 a.m.

General BURNSIDE, Falmouth:

My command will soon be up, and will at once go into position. Hooker drove Ewell some 3 miles, and Pope says McDowell intercepted Longstreet, so that without a long detour he cannot join Ewell, Jackson, and A. P. Hill who are or supposed to be at Manassas. Ewell's train, he says, took the road to Gainesville, where McDowell is coming from. We shall be to-day as follows; In on right of railroad; Heintzelman on left; then Reno; then McDowell. He hopes to get Ewell, and push to Manassas to-day.

I hope all goes well near Washington; I think there need be no cause of fear for us. I feel as if on my own way now, and thus far have kept my command and trains well up. More supplies than I supposed on hand have been brought, but none to spare, and we must make connection soon. I hope for the best, and my lucky star is always about my birthday, the 31st, and I hope Mac's is up also. You will hear of us soon by way of Alexandria.

Ever yours,

F. J. P.

Question. Do you know what this paragraph in the dispatch just read refers to: "I feel as if on my own way now, and thus far have kept my command and trains well up?"

Answer. I presume it referred to the fact that from the time of General Porter's arrival at Falmouth, up to the time of his reporting to General Pope, he was under the orders of General Burnside, and that this was about the time that his command was transferred from General Burnside to General Pope.

Question. Was I at that time relying upon General Burnside for provisions, and getting them from him-the trains coming to me from General Burnside up to that time, and even after that time?

Answer. After General Porter's command left Falmouth, provisions were sent him as rapidly as we fould get the wagons landed from transports at Aquia, and pushed on to General Porter, until we were notified that it was not safe to send them without escort. As to dates, my memory is not sufficiently distinct to cover them.

Question. Who sent you that notice in regard to the want of safety to the trains; or did you receive any notice of the kind from me?

Answer. We received notice of that kind; I cannot state positively that it was from General Porter, but it must have been either from himself or from some officer of his command.

Question. Were these messages borne to you by persons of my own command, or persons of General Burnside's command sent up to me?

Answer. We sent with General Porter all the cavalry we had to spare, and those cavalrymen were returned to us at intervals, they bringing messages from General Porter.

Question. Do you know of any request, or any earnest desire expressed

