
by General Burnside, or any other parties higher in authority, for information to be sent from my command?

Answer. Yes, sir; dispatches were received from the President to the effect that communication with General Pope was cut off, and nothing was heard from him or of him, and that they had great anxiety to know what we knew of his command and situation.

Question. Do you know whether that was communicated to me or not?

Answer. I cannot say positively. It was natural that we should have communicated it, you being the channel of communication with General Pope's command.

Question. Would the telegraph operator in the advance be likely to know?

Answer. I should think he would.

Question. Do you know to what this expression refers, in the message from Warrenton Junction, dated 4 p.m., August 27:"I would like also to be ordered to return to Fredericksburg, to push toward Hanover, or with a larger force to strike at Orange Court-House?" You may be able to state with reference to information given you in regard to the location of the enemy on the opposite side of the Rappahannock.

Answer. General Porter communicated to us information in reference to the position and strength of the enemy south of the Rappahannock; and I presume that in this he suggests his wish to strike the enemy on his line of communication, as the matter was talked of and discussed before his leaving our headquarters at Falmouth.

Question. State if my dispatches of this character were sent to the President or the commanding general here; and, if so, by whom?

Answer. Dispatches received from General Porter were sent to the President and the General-in-Chief, in order to satisfy the anxiety for the command of General Pope, felt at that time both by the President and the General-in-Chief.

Question. From the knowledge that you had of the accused, both before and whilst he was going to join General Pope's command, derived from his acts and his conversations, have you any reason to believe, or did you believe, that he would fail in obedience to General Pope, or in performing to the best of his ability, the duty which he might be under after joining General Pope's command?

Answer. No, sir.

Examination by the accused here closed.

Examination by the COURT:

Question. Did you see General Porter after he came under the orders of General Pope?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Did you receive yourself, or did you see, any messages, by telegraph or otherwise, from General Porter after he joined the command of General Pope?

Answer. I presume that a portion of the dispatches here referred to were written by General Porter after he joined General Pope. As to the exact dates, not having referred to them, I cannot state positively.

The examination of this witness was here closed.

Colonel ROBERT E. CLARY was called by the accused, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the ACCUSED:

Question. Will you state to the court where you were on the night of

