
The paper was then read as follows:
HEADQUARTERS NEAR WARRENTON JUNCTION,August 28-12.37 a.m.

Major-General PORTER,

Warrenton Junction:

GENERAL: I have this moment received your note of the 27th instant, directing me to hasten with all speed to Warrenton Junction. My corps reached here last night at dark, and is now encamped 1 1/2 miles south of the Warrenton Junction. Is it desired that we move forward immediately, or wait until daylight? Please answer.

General Pope sends an order for two batteries of artillery to join General Heintzelman in the direction of Greenwich. They will be sent forward immediately.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. P. BANKS,

Major-General, Commanding Second Corps, Army of Virginia.

The examination by the accused was here closed.

Examination by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Were the wagons of which you speak in motion or in park?

Answer. They were very much jammed, and remaining stationary; I found a great deal of difficulty even in getting through them on horseback.

Question. Were they, or not, on both sides of the railroad track, or were they one side only?

Answer. I saw them only on one side; there may have been wagons on the other side, but I knew of no road except on one side.

Question. Were you, or not, with Colonel Clary that night?

Answer. I was.

Question. And lost your way in the same manner that he did?

Answer. He was the pilot.

Question. Were there any wagons on the road between Warrenton Junction and Kettle Run?

Answer. There is where the jam was, between Warrenton Junction and Kettle Run. The jam commenced just after leaving Catlett's Station-between that and Kettle Creek.

Question. How far is Catlett's Station from Warrenton Junction?

Answer. About 3 miles.

Question. Do you, or not, know of any troops marching or attempting to march on the night of the 27th of August last; if so, in what force and how far did they march?

Answer. I saw myself no troops in movement during the night. I was informed that General Porter's corps were to march, but I did not seen them during the night.

Question. I understand you to say that you received that information and the order of which you have spoken from Colonel Clary?

Answer. Yes, sir; he received an order from General Porter, and came over to me, and called me up (I was in bed), and read it to me. It was in regard to the movement of the trains and getting the track clear ahead.

Question. Did you run any cars beyond Catlett's Station?

Answer. Yes, sir; we run them as near as possible to Kettle Creek, or Cedar Creek, as it is called (there are two names for it), perhaps within 80 rods of the creek. The railroad bridge across that creek was destroyed, and we could get no farther. That stream is about a mile, perhaps a mile and a quarter, beyond Bristoe Station.

Question. You say the jam occurred near Catlett's Station-between that and Cedar Run?

Answer. Yes, sir.

