
of, taking charge of the road in the early part of the movement of these wagon trains, I would have been enabled to keep the road clear; I would have so disposed of them as to have accomplished that.

The examination of this witness was here closed.

Captain GEORGE MONTEITH called by the accused, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the ACCUSED:

Question. Will you state what position you had in General Porter's command during the campaign of General Pope in Virginia?

Answer. I was first lieutenant of the Fourth Michigan Infantry, and aide-de-camp to General Porter.

Question. Do you remember how you were employed on the afternoon of the 27th of August; and, if you do, will you state under whose orders you were then acting?

Answer. On the evening of the 27th of August, General Porter sent Captain McQuade and myself to look out the road to Greenwich.

Question. For what purpose, as you then understood?

Answer. I supposed we were to take that road the next day.

Question. In what condition did you find the road, and what report upon the subject did you make to the accused?

Answer. After leaving Catlett's Station, we were directed on a road turning off from the road to Warrenton Junction. We found it to be an untraveled road, and were in doubt whether that was the road to Greenwich or not. Seeing a light burning in a house near by, we went to it, and found that it was Mr. Catlett's house, and there we got information that the road which we had found was the road to Greenwich.

Question. In what condition did you find the road from Warrenton Junction to Catlett's Station; were there obstructions upon it; and, if so, what were the obstructions?

Answer. We found wagon trains on the road from Warrenton Junction going by Catlett's Station. We also found wagon trains coming in on the Warrenton road, intersecting the road that runs by the railroad just below Catlett's Station.

Question. In what condition did you find the wagons when you were returning to General Porter?

Answer. Some of them had stopped, and some of them were moving along.

Question. What report did you make to General Porter of the condition in which you found the road?

Answer. I do not recollect what report I made, except that we had found the road to Greenwich.

Question. What report did you make to him of the condition of the road you had found, as far as obstructions were concerned?

Answer. I do not recollect that; after the road struck off from Catlett's Station toward Greenwich we saw no wagons, that is, on the road going to Greenwich?

Question. What sort of a night was it?

Answer. Very dark; we had trouble in getting back; but, a part of the way, we did not come back the same road that we took going out.

Question. Have you any knowledge that any, and, if so, what efforts were made to clear the road to Bristoe Station, and by whose orders?

Answer. The next morning, the 28th of August, when the march was taken up down the railroad, General Porter sent Lieutenant Weld and myself forward to use our efforts in making way for the infantry. The road was blocked up with wagons as far as we could see.

