
Question. What efforts were actually made, and how long were you in removing the wagons if you removed them at all?

Answer. When we first came to the wagons, the woods on both sides of the road were so thick, and the road was son narrow, that it was impossible to turn the wagons out of the road, and we continued on until we came to a place where the wagons could be doubled or turned out of the road. We were also assisted by some cavalry sent with us; I think there were some half a dozen mounted men. After General Porter sent us with those cavalrymen, he also sent Lieutenant-Colonel Locke, with either a company or a squadron of cavalry, to labor in the same way.

Question. At what time in the morning did you commence your work with the wagons?

Answer. I should think it was between 4 and 5 o'clock.

Question. Was it light or about light at that time?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. At what time that morning did General Porter begin to move his troops?

Answer. I should think it was about 3 o'clock.

Question. Was it light at that time?

Answer. No, sir; it was quite dark.

Question. Have you any knowledge of any efforts having been made to secure any ammunition; and, if so, what efforts were made, and under whose orders?

Answer. On the morning of the 28th, when we arrived at Manassas Junction, General Porter sent Lieutenant-Colonel Locke, myself, and, I think, Lieutenant Weld, on the same mission, to find the ammunition train.

Question. Where did you find it?

Answer. We found it coming into Manassas Junction.

Question. What did you do with it?

Answer. We parked it on the side of the road, and it was afterward distributed to General Morell's and General Sykes' divisions.

Question. Did you, on the afternoon, of the 29th, see a messenger from General Pope at General Porter's headquarters?

Answer. Yes, sir; Captain Pope.

Question. According to your recollection, what was the time when that messenger reached General Porter?

Answer. It was about sundown.

Question. Did you, at any time after that messenger left, go in search of him and call him back?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Were you present when General McDowell parted from the accused on the 29th of August?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. At what place was it, and who was with General McDowell besides General Porter?

Answer. I should think it was a half or three-quarters of a mile from the front of General Porter's troops, and north of the Manassas Gap Railroad, on a narrow path in the woods, and General McDowell was alone when he left General Porter.

Question. Have you any recollection of having seen the accused receive, on the 29th of August, an order from General Pope to move forward?

Answer. Yes, sir.

