
which you first saw Captain Pope, and do you know whether that was on his first or second arrival there?

Answer. I am not able to state distinctly the hour. It was very near sundown; either a little before or a little after; and it must have been the first time he came there, if he visited there twice, because General Porter was present.

Question. Why do you say that, because General Porter was present, it must necessarily have been Captain Pope's first visit there?

Answer. Because General Porter went to the front very soon after seeing Captain Pope.

Question. Do you mean to say that, by 3 o'clock on the moving of the 28th of August, General Porter's forces were in motion from Warrenton Junction, or do you mean that preparations for the march were being made at that hour?

Answer. I do not think they were in motion at 3 o'clock; but some after 3 o'clock they were formed and started to move, and got into confusion, I think, with a battery or two batteries of some other command that were passing along.

Question. Do you, or not, believe that the onward march, in point of fact, commenced before daylight?

Answer. I think it was about dawn of day.

Question. How could you know when General Porter received the order from General Pope on the morning of the 30th of August, when, as you testify, he awoke you?

Answer. As near as I can recollect, it was from what this aide-de-camp told me in connection with the difficulties he had found in getting to General Porter. He said that he had been nearly all night getting to him. I recollect that distinctly, and that he came around by Manassas Junction.

The examination of this witness was here closed.

Lieutenant STEPHEN M. WELD called by the accused, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the ACCUSED:

Question. Were you attached to the Army of Virginia when under the command of General Pope?

Answer. Yes, sir; I was acting aide-de-camp to General Porter.

Question. What kind of a night was the night of the 27th of August last?

Answer. It was very dark, indeed. I went to bed about 10 o'clock, and then the night was very dark, indeed. I heard some one, I think it was General Morell, who came into camp before I went to bed, say that he had been trying to find General Sykes' headquarters, but had lost his way. General Sykes' headquarters were very near ours. In the morning I got up by 3 o'clock, and it was then drizzling.

Question. Were you sent by General Porter, on the 29th of August last, to General Pope?

Answer. I started about 4 o'clock in the afternoon of the 29th, from the junction of the road that leads from Gainesville to Manassas Junction and the road that leads to Sudley Springs. I was sent with a message, not to General Pope, but to be delivered to either General McDowell or General King. I first received a written message, and then General Porter gave me a verbal message to the effect that General Morell would now he strongly engaged; that there was a large force in front of us; that large clouds of dust were seen there, &amp;c. I also glanced over the written message, and it was to the same effect, but went more minutely into details which I do not now remember.

Question. Did you see any one on your road to General Pope on that occasion?

Answer. Yes, sir.

