
Question. Whom?

Answer. I saw General Hatch, who told me that General King was sick, and not there, and that he (General Hatch) commanded his division. I then delivered the written message to General Hatch, and also gave him the verbal message. I asked him if he had any answer for General Porter. He said, "Tell General Porter that we have whipped the enemy, and are driving them." Just then quite a heavy fire of musketry broke out-to our right and front. I then asked General Hatch if I should send that message to General Porter. He said, "No; tell General Porter we have driven the enemy into the woods." I then wrote that, and gave it to an orderly I had with me, and told him to deliver it to General Porter. I then asked General Hatch whether that would be sufficient, or whether I had better also deliver the message to General McDowell. He told me I had better deliver it to General McDowell, and he told me where he had last seen him. I went in the direction he indicated, had found General McDowell, who was just then leaving General Pope. I delivered the dispatch to him. He read it, and said, "I am not the man; there is the man," pointing too General Pope. I went up to General Pope, and delivered the message to him, both written and verbal. I asked him whether he had any answer for General Porter. He said, "Tell General Porter we are having a hard fight." Just then General Pope called General McDowell back. I asked him if that was all he had to send to General Porter, and he said, "Yes." He then said to General McDowell, "The enemy are trying to turn our right; they have sent one or two brigades there, and I want you to send your division." General McDowell, as far as I can remember, made some objection, but General pope insisted upon having a division sent there. I then left General Pope, and went down to the road, and waited about five minutes to see if there would be anything else sent to General Porter. While waiting there, I wrote what General Pope had said, and sent it by an orderly to General Porter. It did not reach him then, for I met the orderly on my way back, and he told me that he could not find General Porter. I then delivered the message myself to General Porter.

Question. At what time did you get back?

Answer. I got back after sundown. I think it was about a quarter to 7 o'clock when I got back, as near as I can recollect.

Question. Did you see Captain Pope that evening, or do you know him?

Answer. I do not know him.

Question. Did you see that evening one who professed to be a messenger from General Pope?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Was he there when you got back, or did he come afterward?

Answer. He came afterward.

Question. How long did General Porter remain there after that messenger reached him?

Answer. I think he remained about five minutes. He then mounted his horse, and went up in the direction of the front.

Question. Did he return to his quarters that evening; and, if so, at what time?

Answer. He did return-I think from three-quarters of an hour to an hour afterward.

Question. Have you any recollection that you pointed out to the messenger to whom you have referred a road that he had better take returning?

Answer. I was told to show this messenger the direct road back to General Pope. I did show it to him, and described it, and even drew on a piece of paper the road I had taken, which I afterward found out was not the direct road; there was a little variation in it. He could not see the road; he did not seem to understand where the road was, where it crossed the railroad. Some one then told me that I better go and show him where the road was, and I went up to the railroad with him, and pointed out the road that I had taken.

