
Question. Was that messenger in uniform?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. In officer's uniform?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did he take the road that you pointed out to him?

Answer. Yes, sir; he started on that road.

Question. Was that, or not, the road that you took in the march the next morning?

Answer. Yes, sir; I started the next morning to show Captain Smead, of Smead's battery, the way.

Question. Did you see that messenger of General Pope the second time; did he return?

Answer. No, sir; that was the last message I went on until I went the next morning with Captain Smead.

Question. Have you any knowledge of the time when General Porter received an order from General Pope, dated the evening of the 29th of August?

Answer. There was a messenger, I think he was an officer, who arrived there, I should think, between 3 and half-past 3 o'clock in the morning. As soon as he came, Lieutenant Chamberlain, of General Sykes' staff off to some of General Sykes' troops, and one of General Porter's officers was sent up to the front, and I received orders to show Captain Smead the way to where I met General Pope the evening before.

Question. By whom were those orders given to those officers and yourself?

Answer. By General Porter.

Question. How long after that messenger left was it before those orders were given?

Answer. The orders were given immediately; that is, Lieutenant Chamberlain went off immediately, and my impression is that the officer who went to the front did so also. I think I waited about a half an hour, or three-quarters, before I started.

Question. What caused you to wait?

Answer. I waited until it grew lighter.

Question. What was your object in waiting until it grew lighter; would you have had any difficulty before?

Answer. It was so dark that I think there would have been trouble.

Question. Were you present, on the 29the of August, when General Porter and General McDowell separated from each other?

Answer. Yes, sir. I was not close to them; I was within a hundred feet of them. I should think.

Question. Who was with General McDowell, besides General Porter, when they separated?

Answer. There was no one close to him. There was no one any nearer than I was, except, perhaps, 10 feet nearer, or something like that. There was no one close to him.

The examination by the accused here closed.

