
Question. About how far do you think the other portion had marched?

Answer. I am not positive, but, as near as I can recollect, between 11 and 12 miles.

Question. Had they stopped on the march, do you know, to take a meal?

Answer. Not that I am aware of.

Question. Did the corps march at 3 o'clock a. m. on the 28th of August?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What difficulties, if any, did they encounter, and what was the cause of those difficulties?

Answer. One great difficultly was the darkness of the night. The next was the nearly impassable condition of the road by reason of wagon trains.

Question. Was the night very dark?

Answer. Extremely dark.

Question. Have you any recollection that you yourself got into difficultly in doing your own duty that night?

Answer. Yes, sir; I received a very severe injury groping about in the darkness.

Question. How far did the corps march that day, the 28th of August?

Answer. Between 9 and 10 miles.

Question. After they commenced marching, will you state whether, in your opinion, they went as fast as they could?

Answer. They marched as fast as they could under the circumstances.

Question. By "the circumstances," do you mean the darkness of the night and the obstructions upon the road?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. In what condition were the men when they started; were they fresh, or were they fatigued?

Answer. I think they were very much fatigued.

Question. Had you any conversation or conversations with General McDowell about the 29th of August?

Answer. In the afternoon of the 29th I had.

Question. State what passed between you.

The judge-advocate asked if any foundation had been laid for this question. The accused stated that, according to his recollection. General McDowell had been questioned by him in reference to the conversation referred to.

The judge-advocate said that, upon that statement by the accused, he would not object.

Answer. The circumstances occurred in this way: I was sent by General Porter with a message to General King. On finding General King, General McDowell was with him. I stated my message to General King, and General McDowell answered, "Give my compliments to General Porter, and say to him that I am going to the right, and will take General King with me. I think he (General Porter) better remain where he is; but if it is necessary for him to fall back, he can do so upon my left."

Question. What was the message you carried from General Porter to General King?

Answer. For him to remain where he was until further orders.

