
Question. Did you understand that General King was under the orders of General Porter?

Answer. I did.

Question. Did you deliver the message that General McDowell gave you for General Porter to the general?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Do you recollect whether you say General McDowell on that day, the 29th of August, before that time?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Where did you see him?

Answer. On the ground where we had taken up our position, in the direction of Gainesville, and near the Manassas Gap Railroad.

Question. Was General Porter then forming his corps in line of battle?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. How far had he gone with that view?

Answer. He had made considerable progress in the disposition of his troops. A battery was in position, and the troops were being deployed. Skirmishers had been thrown out to the front.

Question. Did you hear anything said by General McDowell to General Porter at that time in relation to the location of his men, with a view to a battle? If you did, state what it was.

Answer. Yes, sir. General McDowell said, "Porter, you are out too far already; this is no place to fight a battle."

Question. How long did General McDowell remain with General Porter's command after he said that?

Answer. He remained some little time in private conversation with General Porter. They then mounted their horses, and rode off across the railroad to a woods upon our right of the road.

Question. After you delivered the message from General McDowell to General Porter, what did General Porter then do with his troops?

Answer. That portion of this command that he had sent off to the right was recalled, and he threw them a little back, so that they would be out of sight and protected form the enemy's fire.

Question. Was there any retreat at all?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. How long did his corps remain there?

Answer. Until the next morning, at daylight.

Question. Were the batteries in place?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did you see any, and, if so, what, efforts made by General Porter to facilitate the march upon the 27th and 28th of August to Bristoe Station?

Answer. General Porter made great personal exertions to clear the way. He also had all his staff present with him upon that day; and he used all the cavalry that he had with him to assist in clearing the road, so that troops could press on.

Question. What number of cavalry had he at first?

Answer. When we first started, he had some dozen orderlies.

