
and prepare to join the rest of the command on the march. General Sykes' division immediately got under arms, and preparations were made to move.

Question. Did you go with any portion of the corps on the march?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. What portion?

Answer. The leading division.

Question. Who commanded that division?

Answer. General Sykes.

Question. Have you any recollection of taking an order from General Porter to General Sturgis, or of seeing an order sent to him by an orderly?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Have you any knowledge that an orderly was sent to General Sturgis by General Porter?

Answer. I do not recollect it.

Question. You have stated that you were with General Porter at the time General Porter joined the command of General Pope; did you witness the most of this conduct during that time, the management of his troops, &amp;c.?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Did he exhibit any indisposition to aid General Pope, or to do his entire duty?

Answer. He did not.

Question. Have you any knowledge what the character of the country is between General Porter's right and General McDowell's left, as it was on the 29th of August last?

Answer. I have some knowledge of it.

Question. What was it? Could the troops have moved through it, do you think, so s to have united with McDowell?

Answer. There were dense woods, and the troops would have had difficulty in marching through them.

Question. Will you state whether, after seeing the staff officer who delivered the order of 4.30 p. m. of the 29th of August, you were sent or went after that officer to recall him?

Answer. I was not sent to recall him, and I do not know that anybody else was.

Question. What aides were with General Porter at that time?

Answer. Captain Monteith and Lieutenant Weld.

Question. Were those all?

Answer. All besides myself.

Question. Had he not another aide named Captain McQuade?

Answer. He had.

Question. Where was he then?

Answer. He was absent as acting quartermaster in charge of the trains at that time.

Examination by the accused here closed.

