
Examination by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Will you state whether, or not, in point of fact, the forces began to move on the morning of the 28th of August before daylight-I do not speak of the preparations to move, but of the active movement-was it began, or not, before daylight on the morning of the 28th of August?

Answer. Yes, sir; they began to move before daylight.

Question. How long before daylight?

Answer. I cannot say how long, but it was some time before daylight.

Question. From whom was the order received to march at 3 o'clock?

Answer. General Porter gave that order.

Question. At what hour on the afternoon of the 29th did this interview occur between General Porter and General McDowell of which you have spoken-the interview on the railroad?

Answer. It was not on the railroad, but near the railroad. I think it was between 12 and 1 o'clock.

Question. How fa, in the direction of Gainesville, from the junction of the Sudley Springs road with the railroad?

Answer. I do not know that.

Question. Were you present when they first met?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Were, or were not, the words which you have deposed to here, the salutation with which General McDowell addressed General Porter?

Answer. I stood close by; I did not consider the remark as a salutation.

Question. I mean by that, was it the first remark which he addressed to General Porter?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Who was present, besides yourself, when that remark was made?

Answer. Captain Martin, chief of General Morell's division artillery, was present; I do not know who else.

Question. Did you see them ride away together?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. Were you, or not, present during the remainder of the interview?

Answer. I was a short distance off; they were conversing in a low tone, and I did not hear what was said.

Question. Was the battle then in progress?

Answer. Distant firing of artillery was heard off to our right.

Question. How long after this was it before you were sent to Generals McDowell and King with this message of which you have spoken?

Answer. From a half to three-quarters of an hour, I think.

Question. Where did you find General McDowell at the expiration of from half to three-quarters of an hour after he separated from General Porter?

Answer. When I was sent to General King, I found General McDowell with him, near Bethlehem church, on the right-hand seed of the road leading to Manassas.

