
Question. At what hour were the troops ordered to march?

Answer. I think it was about 3 o'clock-about that time.

Question. At what time did they begin to march?

Answer. We moved out between 3 and 4 o'clock across the run, less than a mile from camp, and halted there, and remained there until after daybreak.

Question. When you began to march, was it very dark?

Answer. When we left the camp to march, it was.

Question. State what you know of the condition of the road at that time, with reference to obstructions.

Answer. I did not know the condition of the road so early in the morning. I only know that there was some artillery and teams that we were obliged to pass by going through the field as we passed over the road.

Question. If you encountered any difficulties yourself in moving at that time, state what they were and how they arose.

Answer. We encountered a difficultly in getting out of camp in the darkness; getting many of our carriages stuck in the run near the edge of the camp. Some of them were not got out until after daylight, especially one battery wagon.

The examination by the accused here closed.

Examination by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Will you describe the character of the ground between the head of General Porter's column and the enemy, as seen from the point at which the column was on the 29th of August?

Answer. There was a ravine in front; about 150 yards in front of the position where the conversation referred to took place. In front of that was an open plain, probably 300 yards from the ravine. In front of that was a dense woods.

Question. Did the road pass over this ravine?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. You think it was as early as 11 o'clock on that day that the interview took place between General McDowell and General Porter, on the 29th of August?

Answer. I should think it was about that hour. I have no means of knowing precisely.

Question. Do you recollect any other part of the conversation besides the words you have stated?

Answer. I heard no other part of the conversation.

Question. What reply did General Porter make to that?

Answer. He made no reply that I heard. I moved away immediately.

Question. Was, or was not, their conversation continued, or were those words all that were spoken during that interview?

Answer. I cannot tell.

Question. How long did the interview continue after they rode off together?

Answer. I did not know. I only observed them once, as I happened to be looking in the direction where they were; but I did not pay any particularly attention.

Question. Was there, or not, any engagement with the enemy beyond

