
that which resulted from the attack made by one of their batteries upon the head of the column?

Answer. Some slight skirmishing in front, and the firing which took place between the batteries.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the COURT:

Question. Do you know of any order having been given by General Porter to make an attack upon the enemy during that day?

Answer. I did not; I received orders from him to put the batteries in position.

Question. How long did the artillery firing continue?

Answer. The firing of the first section of the enemy's battery that opened from the woods in front continued perhaps, twenty-minutes; they fired very slowly. An hour later, perhaps, there was a battery opened farther to our right, and they were engaged by Hazlitt's battery, of Morell's division.

Question. At what distance from each other were these batteries that were engaged?

Answer. I should think not over a thousand yards; it might have been thousand or twelve hundred yards.

Question. Do you know whether any effect was produced on either side by this artillery fire?

Answer. They were in the woods, and we could not see, except that the first battery that was opened was silenced, I should think, in about twenty minutes or half an hour.

Question. Was there any loss on our side?

Answer. Yes, sir; one man was killed by the first shot that the enemy fired; I saw him fall.

Question. On which side of the Manassas Gap Railroad, north or south, were the enemy's batteries, that you were then engaging?

Answer. They were on the side toward us-the south side, I suppose.

The examination of this witness was here closed.

Major General GEORGE W. MORELL called by the accused, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the ACCUSED:

Question. Please state to the court your rank and position in the military service during the last week of August, 1862.

Answer. Major-General of volunteers; I have held that rank since the 1st of August last.

Question. To what army corps was your division then attached?

Answer. The Fifth Army Corps; General Porter's.

Question. Where were you and your command on the evening of the 27th of August last?

Answer. At Warrenton Junction.

Question. At what time did you arrive there?

Answer. I arrived there myself about the middle of the afternoon, I think; my command, the last of it, did not arrive there until near sunset.

Question. How far had your command marched that day?

Answer. Two brigades had marched from Kelly's Ford, on the Rappahannock, and one had marched from Barnett's Ford; I cannot state the exact distance in miles; I think from Kelly's Ford it was something like 17 miles, and 19 or 20 miles from Barnett's Ford.

