
Question. When you started on the march to Warrenton Junction, what did you then suppose to be your ultimate destination at that time; to what point were you going?

Answer. I supposed then that I was going to Warrenton; but I was directed to go to Bealeton, where we would receive further orders.

Question. Do you recognize this order [handing paper to witness] as one received by you from me during that day?

Answer. [After examining it.] Yes, sir; I recognize the order.

The order was then read as follows:
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 27, 1862.

Major-General MORELL,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you hurry up with your command, pass through Bealeton and Fayetteville, and join the command general in the vicinity of Warrenton. Smead will be directed to join and report to you with his battery. When you command passes through Bealeton and Fayetteville, have your ranks well closed up, so that a good impression may be made by the appearance of our troops. Permit no straggling.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE, A. A. G.

After getting to Bealeton, send all your men belonging to the cavalry back to their commands. If Griffin cannot get all the way up to-day, let him stop at Bealeton. Try and keep three days' cooked rations always in possession of your men.

GENERAL: Lose no time in getting up. You will find me near Warrenton, and if you send forward an officer to me, will have you located. Do all you can to get up provisions, and put as much bread in haversacks as possible-three days'. We go right to the railroad, and, with your cattle, will manage to get all that is wanted. Hurry up Griffin. Don't wait for him. Hope you are improving.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

Question. Did you receive counter orders from that?

Answer. When I arrived at Bealeton, I received orders to go to Warrenton Junction.

Question. Do you know the cause of the change of destination?

Answer. No, sir.

Question. Was the effect of this change of orders to make the march longer and more fatiguing than it would otherwise have been?

Answer. I do not know. I do not know the distance to Warrenton. It was a country new to me.

Question. What was the condition of the troops in your command when they arrived at Warrenton Junction on the evening of the 27th of August?

Answer. They were very much exhausted from their previous marching. They had marched all the way from James River, except form Fortress Monroe to Aquia Creek.

Question. Had they marched laboriously, and as fast as possible, day after day?

Answer. Yes, sir; I think they had, and sometimes at night. On the 25th of August they were lying quiet.

Question. Do you know anything of an order received by General Porter from General Pope on the evening of the 27th of August?

Answer. Yes, sir. I was present when he received one brought by Captain DeKay.

Question. About what hour?

Answer. About 10 o'clock.

