
been marching from the night of the 14th of August, from Harrison's Bar, with the exception of one day, and being on board of steamers on day and night coming form Newport News to Aquia Creek.

Question. Had, or had not, your troops rested on the 25th of August?

Answer. Yes, sir; but on leaving Falmouth, opposite Fredericksburg, we started at night, and marched all night.

Question. How far had your troops marched on the 26th of August?

Answer. I do not know in miles; we were nearly all day.

Question. You have stated that you saw General McDowell and General Porter together on the railroad on the 29th of August. Will you state at what hour you saw them, as nearly as you can?

Answer. It must have been near the middle of the day, I think.

Question. At what point?

Answer. Where my division was posted, to the front.

Question. How far from the junction of the Sudley Springs road with the railroad, in the direction of Gainesville?

Answer. I do not know exactly where that was. I was up in the front all day long; I did not go to the rear at all.

Question. you spoke of having received an order to make a disposition of your forces an attack on the evening of the 29th of august; have you that order here?

Answer. I have.

Question. Will you produce it and read it?

Answer. [Producing a paper.] This is the order from General Porter:

General MORELL:

I wish you to push up two regiments, supported by two others, preceded by skirmishers, the regiments at intervals of 200 yards, and attack the party with the section of a battery opposed to you. The battle works well on our right, and the enemy are said to be retiring up the pike. Give the enemy a good shelling when our troops advance.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General, Commanding.

That is the order. I received about sunset, or a little before sunset, on the 29th. There is no hour or date to the order.

Question. Was, or was not, that order countermanded?

Answer. Yes, sir.

Question. How soon after its receipt?

Answer. It was countermanded just about dusk, as I have already stated in my direct testimony. I sent a message to general Porter. A message came back by Colonel Locke to make the attack, but very soon after that the order was countermanded, and very soon after that General Porter some up himself. It was then just the gray of the evening, between and darkness.

Question. Have you the order which you state was borne to you by Colonel Locke; if so, will you produce it?

Answer. It was a verbal message.

Question. That verbal order was also countermanded upon the arrival of General Porter?

Answer. It was countermanded before he came himself. I received the order to remain there all night before General Porter came.

Question. You have stated that the battle on your right seemed to be receding. Were you sufficiently well acquainted with the position of the enemy's force and of our own to form an impression as to whether that indicated that the battle was going against our forces or for them?

