
Answer. I knew nothing about the exact position on either side. But, from the general position of the forces, if the sound was receding, I was satisfied that the enemy could not be retiring, because, as they were in our front, if they had been retiring they would have approached us. During that day, the 29th of August, there was a large cloud of dust in front of us nearly a good part of the day, coming down obliquely toward our position, and moving toward the right, where the firing took place. The artillery fire was all that we could hear, and that sounded as if it was fired at long range, at long distances; it did not sound like a battle.

Question. You have stated that you lost your way, and went on to Centreville in consequence of having mistaken the road. Do you know why the troops under command of General Piatt also went on to Centreville?

Answer. I do not know; they were not under my command.

Question. Do you know whether they preceded of followed you?

Answer. They could not have preceded us, I think; they must have followed us; but I do not know; I only know about that from rumor.

Question. Did you arrive on the battle-field in time to take any part in the action of the 30th of August?

Answer. I did not myself; but two of my brigades that were engaged were just coming out of action when I got on the field. I was told that they were among the first to go in and the first out.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the COURT:

Question. Were you in as good a position for judging of the possibility of attacking the enemy's right or rear, at the time referred to in your testimony, on the 29th of August, as was General Pope?

Answer. I do not know where General Pope was; and I can also say that I do not know where the right of the enemy rested. They were directly in front of our position all day.

Question. You were understood to express the opinion that the right and rear of the enemy could not have been attacked by you at that time. You are now understood to say that you do not know where the right of the enemy then rested.

Answer. The first opinion was expressed, assuming that the right of the enemy was near where I heard the firing, which was at some distance from us; the woods intervening between us and them, the enemy in our front, if we had moved to the right, would have threatened our own left very seriously.

Question. Was it your opinion, on the evening of the 27th of August, that battle was likely to come off early the next morning?

Answer. I had no information that would have enabled me to form an opinion. There was fighting at that time very day.

Question. At what time of the day, on the 29th, did you countermarch your division for the purpose of moving to Ginesville?

Answer. It must have been between 9 and 10 o'clock in the morning. We had marched directly up from Bristoe Station.

Question. How long were you on the march from Bristoe Station?

Answer. I can only judge from the distance. We left there at 7 o'clock, and moved directly up without any obstacle. The distance was some 5,6, or 7 miles, and I think we were about two hours in marching it.

Question. On the day that you reached Warrenton Junction, what position did your division occupy in the corps of General Porter?

Answer. I think that General Sykes' division preceded mine, but we were not together, and I cannot speak positively on that point. I did not see them until I saw them in camp. They were in camp when my division arrived.

