
Question. Will you read it, if you please?

Answer. [The witness read as follows:]

Put your men in position to remain during the night, and have out your pickets. Put them so that they will be in line, and on rising will be in position to resist anything. I am about a mile from you. McDowell says all goes well, and we are getting the best of the fight. I wish you would send me a dozen men from that cavalry.

F. J. PORTER,

Major-General.

Keep me informed. Troops are passing up to Gainesville, pushing the enemy; Ricketts has gone; also King.

Question. Will you state whether, in your opinion, the army corps of General Porter could have made better progress on the morning of the 28th of August, under the order of the 27th, by starting at 1 o'clock than by starting at 3 o'clock, or about 3?

Answer. I do not believe they could.

The examination of this witness here closed.

Colonel GEORGE C. RUGGLES called by the accused, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the ACCUSED:

Question. Will you state what position you held in the army commanded by General Pope during the campaign in Virginia last summer?

Answer. I was assistant adjutant-general and chief of staff to the Army of Virginia. That was the order that detailed me, with directions to report to General Pope, the commanding officer of that army.

Question. Did you continue upon General Pope's staff during the whole of that campaign?

Answer. Yes, sir; until he was relieved from the command of that army and ordered West.

Question. Have you any recollection of having seen this paper? [Handing witness a paper.]

Answer. [Examining it.] I have an indistinct recollection of the contests of this paper. The paper is in my handwriting; it is a genuine paper; I know that.

Question. Will you read it?

Answer. [The witness read the paper as follows:]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Warrenton Junction, August 27, 1862-4 o'clock a. m.

Major General F. J. PORTER,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your note of 11 p. m. yesterday is received. Major-General Pope directs me to say that under the circumstances stated by you in relation to your command, he desires you to march direct to this place as rapidly as possible. The troops behind you, at Barnett's Ford, will be directed by you to march at once direct to this place, or Weaversville, without going to Rappahannock Station. Forage is hard to get, and you must graze your animals as far as you can do so. The enemy's cavalry had intercepted our railway communication near Manassas, and he seems to be advancing with a heavy force along the Manassas Gap Railroad. We will probably move to attack him to-morrow in the neighborhood of Gainesville, which may bring our line farther back toward Washington. Of this I will endeavor to notify you in time. You should get here as early in the day to-morrow as possible, in order to render assistance should it be needed.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

Question. Have you any knowledge of this paper? [Handing another paper to witness.]

Answer. [Examining it.] Yes, sir; this paper is in my handwriting. It was dictated to me by General Pope, and signed by him. It was written at the time at which it is dated. August 26, 7 p. m.

A member of the court inquired the object of introducing this paper, bearing date the 26th of August.

