
The accused replied that he desired to introduce it in order to show that by the change of orders, as indicated by the paper now submitted, and the one just read, the troops under his command were obliged to march a greater distance, and were consequently more fatigued when they reached Warrenton Junction than they would otherwise have been.

The paper was then read, as follows:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF VIRGINIA,Warrenton Junction, August 26, 1862-7 o'clock p. m.

Major General FITZ JOHN PORTER,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Please move forward with Sykes' division to-morrow morning, through Fayetteville, to a point within 2 1/2 miles of the town of Warrenton, and take position where you can easily move to the front, with your right resting on the railroad. Call up Morell to join you as speedily as possible, leaving only small cavalry forces to watch the fords. If there are any troops below coming up, they should come up rapidly, leaving only a small rear guard at Rappahannock Station. You will find rapidly, leaving only a small rear guard at Rappahannock Station. You will find General Banks at Fayetteville. I append below the position of our forces, as also those of the enemy. I do not see how a general engagement can be postponed more than a day or two.

McDowell, with his own corps, Sigel's, and three brigades of Reynolds', numbering about 34,000, are at and immediately in front of Warrenton. Reno joins him on his right and rear, with 8,000 men,a t an early hour to-morrow. Cox, with 7,000 men, will move forward to join him in the afternoon of to-morrow. Banks, with 6,000, is at Fayetteville. Sturgis, about 8,000 strong, will move forward by day after to-morrow. Franklin, I hope, with his corps, will, by day after to-morrow night, occupy the point where the Manassas Gap Railroad intersects the turnpike from Warrenton to Washington City. Heintzelman's corps will be held in reserve here at Warrenton Junction until it is ascertained that the enemy has began to cross Hedgeman's River.

You will understand how necessary it is for our forces to be in position as soon as possible. The enemy's lines extend from a point a little east of Warrenton Sulphur Springs around to a point a few miles north of the turnpike form Sperryville to Warrenton, with his front presented to the east, and his trains thrown around well behind him in the direction of Little Washington and Sperryville.

Make your men cook three days' rations, and keep at least two days' cooked rations constantly on hand. Hurry up Morell as rapidly as possible, as also the troops coming up in his rear. The enemy has a strong column still farther to his left, toward the Manassas Gap Railroad, in the direction of Salem.

JNO. POPE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Question. Will you state whether you were present, on our abut the 1st or 2nd of September, when a conversation took place between General Porter and General Pope in relation to General Porter's conduct of the previous days? If so, state what you heard of it, if you heard any portion of it.

Answer. I was present at Fairfax Court-House, in a room in a private house there, where General Pope had his headquarters, on the morning of the 2nd September, 1862-Tuesday morning. The several corps, commanders had been sent for, General Porter among the rest. I was engaged at the time writing orders for the positions of troops. This was just previous to the receipt of a telegram from the General-in-Chief, ordering General Pope to move the army back to the entrenchments around Washington. While I was writing these orders, General Porter and General Pope had a conversation, lasting about twenty minutes. I think there was nobody else in the room except myself. whilst studiously avoiding overhearing the conversation, I heard scarps enough of it to know that they were talking about the incidents of the few days previous. At the conclusion of the interview, General Pope and General Porter got up, and I heard General Pope say to General Porter that his explanations were satisfactory with the exception of the matter of the one brigade. I think he said "entirely satisfactory," though as to the word "entirely" I cannot swear positively. I knew the matter of the one brigade meant Griffin's brigade, form my knowledge of what had happened at that time. I think General Porter replied. "That can be easily explained," though I am not positive about his answer.

Question. Did you afterward, and, if so, at what time, remind General Pope of that conversation?

Answer. My recollection is, that I remained him of that conversation on the 5th or 6th of September last.

