
not wish to swear that I did remind him of that conversation, though it is my impression, my recollection, that I did, when he told me that he should call me as the principal witness, but I will not swear positively, because my recollection is not positive upon that point. It is with regard to the rest.

Question. What reply, if any, did General Pope make to your reminding him of that remark?

Answer. I do not recollect that he made any reply.

Question. Where, and in whose presence, did the conversation take place in which you think you reminded General Pope of that remark?

Answer. It was on the road from Arlington house to Washington City, by way of Georgetown. There was one officer of General Pope's staff with us, one of his aides, but who it was I do not now recollect. My impression is that it was Colonel Morgan, thought I cannot say positively.

Question. Are you able to state whether that conversation was heard by this officer who accompanied you?

Answer. I think it was not heard by him. I think he was riding some distance from us.

Question. Can you not answer that question more distinctly, and say whether, at this time, your feeling are friendly or hostile to General Pope?

Answer. I am on speaking terms with General Pope, but I would not like to serve with him as a staff officer. I would call upon him as a matter of respect, if the were in the city.

Question. Have you, or not, entertained the impression that you were badly treated by him in your official relations to him or otherwise?

Answer. I entertain, and I have entertained, the opinion that I was badly threaded by him in both official and social relations. To explain that, I will say that there was considerable trouble between General Pope and several of his staff officers, and I was one of those. I thought several times that I was not treated as a gentleman should have been treated.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the ACCUSED resumed:

Question. Were you summoned by the Government to testify in this case?

Answer. I was summoned by the Government.

Question. Who discharged you, and why?

Answer. On the 16th of December I reported to the judge-advocate of this court that I had been detailed as judge-advocate of a court-martial, to be convened at West Point on the 18th of December, and asked him if I should be needed in the case of General Porter. After some conversation, he told me that he did not think he would need me, and said that he thought I had been summoned as a witness for the defense. I told him no; that I was a witness for the prosecution. He then told me I might go to West Point, and, if my presence was required here, I would be telegraphed for. I went on, and on the evening of the 23rd of December I received a telegram to come on here.

Question. From whom?

Answer. It was signed by the Adjutant-General.

The accused admitted that that telegram had been sent at his request.

The examination by the accused here closed.

