
Question. What was said at that time in reference to General Porter?

Answer. I cannot state definitely what was said; but I know that on the morning of the 27th of August, at Warrenton Junction, near General Heintzelman's headquarters, or between those and the telegraph office, General Pope told me that his impression was that he would not receive much support from the command that was coming up from the James River, meaning the Army of the Potomac; and he conveyed to my mind the idea that he was not very favorably impressed with General Porter.

Question. Did you receive yourself any unfavorable impression in regard to General Porter in consequence of conversations at General Pope's headquarters previous to the 27th of August?

Answer. I was rather prejudiced against General Porter in consequence of what I heard at headquarters.

Question. Will you state that those conversations were, what was said, and by whom said?

Answer. I cannot state specifically what they were; but they were to the effect that, in opinion of General Pope and his staff officers, General Porter was not giving a hearty support to General Pope. I heard that from General Pope and from some of his staff officers. I cannot specify the names of the staff officers.

Question. Have you held any conversation with the accused in reference to the subject of this trial since the last meeting of this court?

Answer. Yes, sir; on Saturday evening last.

Question. Will you state what conversation you did hold with him on last Saturday?

Answer. As I was going up town on Saturday evening, I stopped at General Porter's quarters, and told him that, instead of getting off that evening, or on Sunday, I should be detained until Monday; that the judge-advocate would, perhaps, ask me a few more questions. And I then told him that I was afraid the court might think I was biased in his favor; that I desired to say to him that I was not particularly biased in his favor. I went on to make some explanation in regard to that, speaking of our serving together, and of my trial at West Point by a court-martial of which he was a member. I said that, if necessary, I could state that I was not biased in his favor. I also mentioned that I desired to put the record straight, with regard to the difficulty between General Pope and myself, according to the explanation I have made here this morning.

Question. Who requested you to remain until Monday?

Answer. The judge-advocate of this court.

The examination of this witness was here closed.

Brigadier General CHARLES GRIFFIN called by the accused, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the ACCUSED:

Question. Will you state your rank and position in the military service in August last?

Answer. Brigadier-general of volunteers, and captain in the Fifth United States Artillery.

Question. In whose army corps?

Answer. I belonged to the Fifth Army Corps, then commanded by Major General Fitz John Porter; in General Morell's division.

Question. About what time on the 27th of August did you arrive at Warrenton Junction with your brigade?

Answer. About sundown.

Question. How far did you march that day?

Answer. We had marched from Barnett's Ford, on the Rappahannock. We left

