
there about 7 o'clock on the morning of the 27th of August. We estimated the distance to be from 18 to 19 miles.

Question. What was the condition of the troops under your command on the evening of the 27th, with respect to fatigue?

Answer. They were very much broken down. I mean by that that they were very weary. We had a great many stragglers that day.

Question. Do you remember whether the day of the 27th of August was hot and dusty?

Answer. It was a very warm day. I do not recollect as to the dust.

Question. State what was the character of the night between the 27th and the 28th of August.

Answer. The night of the 27th and the morning of the 28th were very dark. It rained a little about 10 o'clock that night, I should think; very little, just sprinkled.

Question. What was the condition of the road between Warrenton Junction and Bristoe Station during that night and in the morning?

Answer. I did not know the condition of the road that night, nor did I know it in the morning; that is, the entire road. The question is not definite.

Question. I mean with reference to the obstructions which you met, if any.

Answer. I received an order about 12 o'clock on the night of the 27th of August to move my brigade at 3 o'clock in the morning. At 3 o'clock in the morning I started from camp toward Bristoe Station, and marched about a mile or less to where I halted, and there I remained at the head of my column until about two hours after daylight. I know that the artillery which followed the brigade, that is, a carriage or two of the artillery which followed the brigade, got stuck in the mud, or in a little creek, and had trouble in getting out. I also know that at 3 o'clock it was very dark, so dark that I used candles with my leading regiments to get through a little piece of woods which we left, in which we had been encamped. I also know that there is a bad place for artillery at Catlett's Station. There is a very steep hill there, and also a piece of woods where the road is winding, and which would have made it difficult for artillery carriages to pass along, especially on a dark night. In fact, along on all the road to Bristoe Station there are several little places that would be very bad for artillery to pass over at night-almost impossible in a dark night-that might be passed over in the daytime.

Question. What caused you to halt when you did halt?

Answer. I halted because I found, when I got to the point where I did halt, that I had only a portion of my brigade with me. In the darkness, by some accident or other, we had become separated, and I halted to get my brigade together; and the artillery, I presume, is what detained us there until we started again. That is my impression; I do not know that positively. General Morell was in command of the division.

Question. What time was reveille that night?

Answer. As near as I can recollect, reveille was at half-past 1-about an hour and a half before we started.

Question. If you had attempted to start at 1 o'clock, what would have been the proper time for reveille, considering the condition of the command and the state of the night?

Answer. We generally allow two hours for a command to get ready; sometimes only an hour and a half, as in this instance. Reveille ought to have been at least at half past 11, if we had started at 1 o'clock; I mean, of course, to give the men time to get their breakfast. We allow time to get breakfast, and to get ready to march. An hour and a half is as little as any command can do that in.

Question. With a view to reaching Bristoe Station as early as possible that morning and doing duty there, would it have been expedient or judicious to have started at 1 o'clock that night?

Answer. I think decidedly not.

