
Examination by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Did I understand you correctly as stating that you do not know why the detention until two hours after daylight occurred on the morning of the 28th of August?

Answer. As I stated before, I know that some of the carriages of the artillery got stuck in a little stream, and, after I had halted, General Morell directed me to remain until I got further orders.

Question. You have mentioned various obstacles to the passage of artillery over that road as you passed over it on the morning of the 28th of August. Do you know whether General Porter knew of the existence of those obstacles on the evening of the 27th of August?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Did General Porter make known to you and to the other generals of his corps the urgent reasons assigned by General Pope for his corps to be at Bristoe Station by daylight on the morning of the 28th?

Answer. He did not make them known to me. I do not know what he made known to his other officers.

Question. Did you, on the 29th, make a reconnaissance to the front, or order one to be made, to ascertain the force of the enemy that opened their artillery upon your troops?

Answer. Not after the artillery opened, that I know of. Before that we had a whole regiment to the front as skirmishers. We took three mounted prisoners, I know.

Question. Do you believe you had in front of you any considerable force of the enemy?

Answer. Yes, sir; I believe that in the course of the day we had the larger part of Lee's army.

Question. Immediately in front of you, I mean. I do not mean in the remote distance.

Answer. According to my recollection and impression at the time, they formed a line a little obliquely to our front, extending back to Thoroughfare Gap. They were coming from Thoroughfare Gap toward us.

Question. You mean by that to say that int he course of the day they passed by you in your front; not that they passed in their march, and put themselves in position for action.

Answer. I mean that heavy bodies of troops were passing from Thoroughfare Gap down toward our front all day long-that is, that they passed. Some of them may have been 3 miles, some of them may have been 5 miles, and some of them may not have been over 2,000 yards from us.

Question. Do you not know that the field of the battle of the 29th was some 2 miles to your right, and did you not hear firing in that direction all day?

Answer. On the 29th I heard no firing whatever, except artillery at a long distance. That is, I can call to mind no other firing. In the evening, a little after dark, there were some very heavy volleys of musketry, the enemy evidently driving our troops right before them. That musketry was to our right and front, I should say 2 miles, may be not so far; may be farther. I should have stated, when I stated that I heard no other firing but artillery, that in the morning we had some skirmish firing.

Question. You spoke of having returned from the movement you made to your right, in consequence of obstacles that you encountered. What was the character of those obstacles, and what efforts did you make to overcome them?

