
Question. Had you any conversation with him, from time to time, when you saw him?

Answer. No particular conversation that I can call to mind. I recollect speaking to him.

Question. From what you saw of his conduct, and from what you heard from him, will you state whether he exhibited any indisposition to do his duty to his commander-in-chief and to the country?

Answer. I supposed at the time, and I have ever supposed, that General porter exhibited his usual energy and zeal to move ahead. On thing that made me think so, was our long march from Barnett's From to Warrenton Junction, which nearly broke down the whole command. Now, I come to think of it, I do call to mind a little conversation that occurred at General Porter's camp at Bristoe Station. He said that General Ricketts occupied Thoroughfare Gap, and we thought we had Jackson in a trap, and that we would nab him; and the next morning when we moved I thought we were going down to be in at the taking of Jackson. That is the only thing I call to mind now.

Question. Did you mean to say, in answer to the question about moving an army, when positively ordered to do so, that it is not common in emergencies to move infantry in the night, and leave a force to bring up the artillery afterward?

Answer. I have yet to know an instance of our leaving our division artillery when we have been moving by land.

Question. You say that you had failed to get through to the right during the day of the 29th of August. Will you state what efforts were made by you, or by General Porter, to get through on the right during that day?

Answer. I merely obeyed orders. My position was at the head of my brigade. What efforts General Porter made, I am not aware of.

The examination of this witness was here closed.

The court thereupon adjourned to 11 a. m. to-morrow.

WASHINGTON, D. C., December 30, 1862.

The court met pursuant adjournment.

Present, Major General D. Hunter, U. S. Volunteers; Major General E. A. Hitchcock, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General Rufus King, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General B. M. Prentiss, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James B. Ricketts, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General Silas Casey, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General James A. Garfield, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General N. B. Buford, U. S. Volunteers; Brigadier General J. P. Slough, U. S. Volunteers; and Colonel J. Holt, Judge-Advocate-General.

The accused, with his counsel, was also present.

The minutes of the last session were then read and approved.

Brigadier General JOHN F. REYNOLDS called by the accused, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the ACCUSED:

Question. Will you state your rank and position in the service during the campaign of the Army of Virginia?

Answer. I was a brigadier-general, commanding the division of Pennsylvania Reserves. I was attached to General Porter's corps, in the Army of the Potomac. My command was the first troops from the Army of the Potomac to join the Army of Virginia.

