
not equally as great for the enemy as they would have been for General Porter's troops.

Answer. Yes, sir; for him to have occupied a position, it would, except that he (the enemy) had a road leading directly into it, from which he could file off into it, and which he did make use of; that is, the Warrenton turnpike leading down there. I suppose that would give him the advantage.

Question. What do you think would have been the effect on the battle of the 29th had General Porter's command of more than 10,000 troops engaged the enemy about sunset on that day?

Answer. I am hardly able to give an opinion of what the result would have been. As I have stated in my evidence, I did not know at the time where General Porter was on that day. Of course, if he had made a successful attack on the enemy, the result of the contest would have been different. I will state, further, that I do not know now what position General Porter's troops occupied at sunset on that day.

Question. Assuming that General Porter's command was on the Gainesville road, in a position to have attacked the enemy's right flank at sunset, what would have been the effect of such an attack made by 10,000 fresh troops at sunset?

The accused objected to the question as presupposing that the witness knew where the right of the enemy was at that time. If the question be put as to Jackson's right, or if the witness knows where the enemy's right was, and what it was, he (the accused) would offer no objection.

Question. Do you, or not, know where the enemy's right flank was on the afternoon of the 29th, say toward sunset?

Answer. I was on the extreme left of out troops, facing the enemy, and their right toward sunset had been extended across the pike, with fresh troops coming down the Warrenton turnpike; but up to 12 or 1 o'clock it was not across the pike, and I had myself made an attack on their right with my division, but was obliged to change front, to meet the enemy coming down the Warrenton pike. I was forming my troops parallel to the pike, to attack the enemy's right, which was on the other side of the pike, but was obliged to change from front to rear on the right, to face the troops coming down the turnpike. That was, I suppose, about as late as 1 o'clock, and they continued to come in there until they formed and extended across the turnpike.

The accused here withdrew his objection.

Question. Will you now answer the question as to the probable effect upon the battle of an attack made about that hour on the right flank of the enemy by General Porter's command?

Answer. Supposing General Porter's command to have been on the road from Gainesville to Manassas Junction?

Question. Yes, sir.

Answer. A vigorous attack made there ought to have resulted favorably to our success; ought to have contributed greatly toward it, certainly.

Question. Did you, or not, pass over the country stretching from your left toward General Porter's position on the 29th, while on the march from Gainesville toward Manassas Junction?

Answer. Not with my command.

Question. Did you see any of the enemy's forces, on the 29th, on the south of the pike leading from Gainesville to Groveton, and do you not know that the right of the enemy's line rested on the north of that road?

Answer. Their line changed during the day. It was on the right up to 12 o'clock, or about that time. In the afternoon it was extended across the pike. I cannot state how far; the country was very wooded there, and I could not see how far across it was. I thought at the time they were extending it that afternoon until dark.

63 R R-VOL XII, PT II, SUP

