
country and our position on that day, occupying a ridge which crossed the turnpike there, and having the broken country behind him, because I maneuvered the day before (29th) all over up to that broken country, and got partially on that ridge with one brigade.

Question. Could so large a force as passed around your left on Saturday have done so without passing over a long distance toward where General Porter was?

Answer. He had the Warrenton turnpike open to him, and, by coming down that turnpike, he filed in off the turnpike, as I supposed, at different points through this broken country. He had that advantage in coming down and occupying this ridge.

Question. You have stated the decisive or good effect of an attack, in the latter part of the afternoon of the 29th of August, by the force of the accused upon the flank of the enemy, if it could have been made. Is that statement made upon the assumption that the enemy were not strongly posted before the command of General Porter in his front at that time?

Answer. I made that statement upon the supposition that he could have made an unimpeded attack upon the right and rear of the enemy.

Question. Was the movement of the enemy on Saturday, of which you have spoken, by which they turned the flank of our army, unopposed; and, if so, how long a time did they take to effect that movement?

Answer. I should say that the movements was unopposed for the greater portion of the morning.

Question. Reference is made to the time of their getting on the ridge.

Answer. I conceive them to be on the ridge early in the morning.

Question. And were they gathering from that time until the main attack was made, when they became opposed?

Answer. I supposed so, although I could not judge of that. I was myself up in the front, and found them in heavy force to the front and on my left by a personal reconnaissance.

Question. At what time was that main attack made by the enemy; at what hour of the day?

Answer. I have no distinct knowledge of the exact time when that attack was made; I suppose it to have been somewhere between 12 and 2 o'clock.

Question. Do you know when the enemy commenced the movement, of which you have spoken, to draw around General Pope's left flank?

Answer. I supposed it commenced about the time I changed front, on the afternoon of the 29th, between 12 and 1 o'clock; it may have been after 1 o'clock. I suppose that to have been the commencement of that movement; their re-enforcements were constantly coming up, and their line was extended accordingly; they commenced throwing troops out on Jackson's right as they came up, and extended their right out along the ridge.

The examination of this witness here closed.

Major GEORGE HYLAND, Jr., called by the accused, and sworn and examined as follows:

By the ACCUSED:

Question. What is your position in the Fifth Army Corps, and what was it during the latter part of August?

Answer. I was major of the Thirteenth New York, the second regiment in the First Brigade of General Morell's division of General Porter's corps.

Question. Where were you on the 27th of August last?

Answer. I was with my regiment, on the march from Kelly's Ford to Warrenton Junction.

