
Question. At what hour did your regiment arrive at Warrenton Junction?

Answer. They arrived there about dusk of the 27th.

Question. What was their condition, as regards fatigue?

Answer. They were very much fatigued and worn out. They also needed provisions, as they had had no provisions that day to any amount.

QQuestion. At what hour did you march the following morning?

Answer. About 3 o'clock.

Question. Where were you on the morning of the 29th of August?

Answer. On the march from Bristoe to Manassas Junction.

Question. Where did you go from Manassas Junction?

Answer. We went on the Gainesville road; on a road to the front leading to Gainesville, I supposed; I did not know at the time what road it was.

Question. How was your regiment employed on the afternoon of the Morell's division?

Answer. We were to the front of Morell's division.

Question. How long were you so employed?

Answer. We were so employed from about 1 o'clock of the afternoon of the 29th until daylight of the next day (the 30th).

Question. What other regiments were engaged in the same duty?

Answer. The Twenty-second Massachusetts and Berdan's Sharpshooters were placed on our left in the evening.

Question. Was there any enemy formed in your front during that time?

Answer. There was.

Question. Do you know at what hour they commenced forming, or about what hour?

Answer. They commenced forming between 2 and 3 o'clock, I think.

Question. Do you know the route by which they came?

Answer. They came from a direction which I was told was from Thoroughfare Gap. There appeared to be two columns of them.

Question. And along what road?

Answer. They came down the railroad, as I supposed at the time, and filed to our right.

Question. Can you point out on the map before the court the position occupied by your regiment, and the position occupied by the enemy on that day?

Answer. [The witness indicated the position on the map.]

Question. Were the enemy at any time forming on your left and front?

Answer. No, sir; I did not see any enemy to our left; there was none there that I was aware of.

Question. Did they pass at all to our right of the railroad?

Answer. Yes, sir; they passed to our right and front; I could hear them very distinctly.

