
Question. Have you any knowledge of their forming to attack during that day?

Answer. Yes, sir; I could hear the commands plainly, as if forming in line; I could hear the movements of their artillery coming into position.

Question. Did any their artillery open upon you during the day?

Answer. The artillery to the right of our skirmishers opened upon us.

Question. Not the artillery that was in your front?

Answer. Not directly in our front.

The examination by the accused here closed.

Examination by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. How fa, in front of General Morell's command, did your regiment, in its duty as skirmishers, proceed in the direction of the enemy?

Answer. Probably from 800 to 1,000 yards.

Question. What is the character of the country there?

Answer. The country in front of us was quite heavily timbered. Between us and General Morell's division, the country was an open country, with a deep ravine there and a stream running through it. In front of us it was heavily timbered, and there was also some scrub pine.

Question. Can you state about what force of the enemy took position in front and right of your regiment, as deployed in advance of General Morell's division on the 29th?

Answer. I could not state the number, but it appeared to be a very large force, indeed.

Question. Can you state how many thousands, or divisions, or regiments?

Answer. I could not state the number of thousands or divisions. I judged from the movements, and from the commands given, that there was a very large force, indeed; probably a larger force than we had.

Question. Did you report this force to General Porter or to General Morell?

Answer. I reported to Colonel Marshall, my commanding officer.

Question. Do you think the force of which you have spoken was sufficient to have made a successful resistance to General Porter's entire corps?

Answer. I do.

Question. Do you base that opinion upon the supposition that the enemy had there more than 10,000 or 12,000 men?

Answer. I could not state the thousands. But from what information I had, and from what I could get from the other officers, I thought their force was very heavy, indeed. I should think there were probably 10,000 troops in front of us, judging by the columns of dust that I also saw coming from the same direction.

The examination by the judge-advocate here closed.

Examination by the COURT:

Question. In your answer as to the strength of the enemy in front of you, do you take into consideration the location of the enemy as adding strength to his position?

Answer. I do.

The examination of this witness here closed.

