
stream for fully an hour, in order that my rear brigade might be united with the brigade in advance; and the cause of this separation was the train or trains on the road.

Question. In your judgment, would anything have been gained by starting at 1 o'clock, in the way of early arrival or efficient service at Bristoe Station?

Answer. Nothing whatever. And I may add, that if there was any military necessity for the movement to be at 1 o'clock a. m. on the 28th, id did not appear on the 28th, when we reached Bristoe Station. As I understood it, General Pope was there in person when we arrived, about half-past 10 o'clock. My command was thrown in position a little in advance of Bristoe; remained there all that day; we camped there that night, and we did not leave until an early hour on the 29th. General Pope being there in person, the only inference was that he sanctioned our camping at that place. My men, when they reached there, were fresh, and could have gone wherever it was desired.

Question. Passing, now, to the afternoon of the 29th; were you with General Porter, when, in the afternoon or in the beginning of the evening of that day, a messenger, an officer, came from General Pope, bringing to General Porter a written order? If so, about what hour did he arrive?

Answer. I was with General Porter nearly throughout that whole day; that officer arrived as near sunset as I can remember; certainly within a little before sunset, or about sunset.

Question. Were you, during the month of August, in intimate and continual intercourse with General Porter?

Answer. I was.

Question. Did you ever see in him any slackness to do his duty; any evidence of a disposition to fail his commanding general or his country?

Answer. No, sir; I never have. General Porter in as officer whose zeal is so well established that I hardly see the necessity of that question. I would like to add that General Porter's foresight, his providence for the wants of his command, and his attention to all the minutiae of his command are such and so great, that I have often thought that he relied or trusted too little to the capacity of his division commanders. He seemed to do everything himself.

Question. Do you consider that he pushed his command forward pretty vigorously from Falmouth to the scene of the actions of the 29th and 30th of August?

Answer. I do.

The examination by the accused here closed.

Examination by the JUDGE-ADVOCATE:

Question. Do you know the officer who, on the 29th of August, bore to General Porter the order of which you have spoken?

Answer. I do not.

Question. Do you know whether you saw him when he first arrived, or was it on his second arrival?

Answer. I think it was on his first arrival. General Porter and I were seated together at the time.

Question. Was there any action taken, or any order issued, immediately on the receipt of the message which that officer bore?

Answer. I think that some aides-de-camp of General Porter were sent out. I am not positive on that point; but I think Captain Monteith was sent out.

Question. Did General Porter make known to you the character of that order?

Answer. He did not.

