
when we would be ready to move our pontoon-boats out of the creek. And also said, "You Yankees think you will take us by surprise." From this it seems that the rebels have become acquainted with our movements; this is nothing more than I anticipated, for on last Tuesday, before I myself was fully advised of the plan, and before a single pontoon had reached this point, and even before the road was cut to convey them hither, a citizen fully detailed the plan to one of my captains, stationed at Moccasin Gap. On the morning the pontoons left Chattanooga, at least 20 citizens were allowed to pass them unmolested and unarrested, before the pontoons had left the Poe road to come to this point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DANL. McCOOK.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

No. 314. Chattanooga, Tennessee, Nov.23, 1863.

*			*			*			*			*

II. In accordance with Special Field Orders, No. 272, current series, from these headquarters, Brig. Gen. R. W. Johnson, commanding First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, is hereby detailed as general officer of the day for to-morrow, November 24, 1863. He will report at these headquarters at 8 a.m. to-morrow for instructions.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WILLIAM McMICHAEL,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 24, 1863-12.30 a.m.

Major-General HOOKER,Lookout Valley:

Intercepted rebel dispatch is to the effect that rebels expect us to attack them on their left in the morning. General commanding desires that you make demonstrations early as possible after daybreak on point of Lookout Mountain. General Grant still hopes Woods' division will get across to join Sherman, in which case your demonstration will aid Sherman's crossing. If Woods can't cross you can take the point of Lookout if your demonstration develops its practicability.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

HOOKER'S HEADQUARTERS, November 24, 1863-2 a.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff:

I am just informed that Woods' division will not be able to cross the river for twelve hours, and in consequence have given directions

