
Numbers 1.

Reports of Major General Henry W. Halleck, General-in-Chief U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., November 15, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your orders, I submit the following summary of military operations since my last annual report:

* * * * * * * * * *

Major-General Grant arrived at Lousville, and on the 19th [of October, 1863], in obedience to the orders of the President, assumed general command of the Department of the Tennessee, Cumberland, and Ohio. In accordance with his recommendation, Major General George H. Thomas was placed in the immediate command of the Department of the Cumberland, and Major General W. T. Sherman of that of the Tennessee.

As the supply of the army at Chattanooga demanded prompt attention he immediately repaired to that place. By bringing up from Bridgeport the Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps, under General Hooker, and throwing a force from Chattanooga, under General W. F. Smith, on the south side of the river at Brown's Ferry, the points of Lookout Mountain commanding the river were recaptured on the 27th, 28th, and 29th of October. This important success restored his communication with his depots of supplies.

* * * * * * *

All of which is respectfully submitted.

H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-chief.

Honorable E. M. STANTON, Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, December 6, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with your instructions, I submit the following summary of the operations of General Grant's army since my report of the 15th ultimo:

It appears, from the official report which have been received here, that our loss in the operations of the 27th, 28th, and 29th of October, in reopening communications on the south side of the Tennessee River from Chattanooga to Bridgeport, was 76 killed, 339 wounded, and 22 missing; total, 437. The estimated loss of the enemy was over 1,500. As soon as General Grant could get up his supplies, he prepared to advance upon the enemy, who had become weakened by the detachment of Longstreet's command against Knoxville.

General Sherman's army moved up the north side of the Tennessee River, and during the night of the 23rd and 24th of November established pontoon bridges, and crossed to the south side between Citico Creek and the Chickamauga. On the afternoon of the 23d, General Thomas' forces attacked the enemy's rifle-pits between Chattanooga and Citico Creek. The battle was renewed on the 24th along the whole line; Sherman carried the eastern end of Missionary Ridge up to the tunnel, and Thomas repelled every attempt of the enemy to regain the position which he had lost at the center, while Hooker's force in Lookout Valley crossed the mountain and drove the enemy from its northern slope.

