
upon the Rossville road or the one to the north of it, or upon all of the roads leading from out present front to the Chickamauga. The enemy are evidently badly demoralized. Our men are in great courage and in spirits. I am ready for any orders or dispositions you may be pleased to make.

We have captured about forty pieces of artillery and about 2,000 prisoners, small-arms, &amp;c, in proportion, besides 50 wagon loads of forage.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S.-The enemy's loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners is very heavy.

DEPARTMENT HEADQUARTERS, Chattanooga, November 25, 1863-12 m.

Major-General GRANGER,

Missionary Ridge:

Your dispatch of 7.15 p.m. was duly received. Please accept my hearty congratulations on the splendid success of your troops, and convey to them my cordial thanks for the brilliant style in which they carried the enemy's works. Their conduct cannot be too highly appreciated. I have just seen General Grant, who desires that you make preparations to move up the river as soon as possible.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

This message was sent to Missionary Ridge, but as messages came from there, I concluded he is in town.

SHERIDAN,

U. S. Army.

SPECIAL FIELD ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

Numbers 316. Chattanooga, Tennessee, Nov.25.1863.

I. In accordance with Special Field Orders, Numbers 272, current series, from these headquarters, Brig. Gen. A. Baird, commanding Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, is hereby detailed as general officer of the day for to-morrow, November 26, 1863. He will report at these headquarters at 8 a.m. to-morrow for instructions.

*			*			*			*			*

By command of Major-General Thomas:

WILLIAM McMICHAEL,

Major, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,

No. 7. Lookout Mountain, Tennessee, Nov.25, 1863.

The splendid achievements of the troops engaged in the assault and capture of Lookout Mountain have elicited from the general commanding the department his warmest congratulations, and it is

