
with the highest satisfaction they are communicated to the command. The triumphs of yesterday, the successive gallant charges up the mountain side over the enemy's intrenchment, with the successful results, will be remembered as long as the giant peak of Lookout shall be their mute but eloquent monument. No words of the major-general commanding can express his admiration for the conduct and valor displayed during the operations of yesterday by the troops engaged, including the First Division of the Fourth Corps; the First Division, Fifteenth Corps; the First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Corps, and the Second Division, Twelfth Corps.

The following extract from a telegram received is promulgated in compliance with orders:

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 24, 1863.

Major-General HOOKER:

The general commanding the department congratulates you most heartily upon you glorious success to-day, and desires that you convey his warmest thanks to the troops under your command for their valorous conduct.

J. J. REYNOLDS,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

By command of Major-General Hooker:

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS, November 26, 1863-10 a.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

From the best information I have been able to obtain from the reconnaissance of my own command and from those of others, and after giving the subject my best reflection, I am already of the opinion that my column should move to Graysville via Rossville. In suggesting this, it is with the impression that the entire force of the enemy is falling back with all possible rapidity. If I am not prevented from making this movement rapidly, I think there is good reason to suppose that a portion of the enemy's retreating column may be intercepted. The general can judge whether or not my column should be supported by that of General Palmer. Permit me to suggest that the troops of General Sheridan, now at Mission Mills, be instructed to destroy the railroad bridge across Chickamauga River.

HOOKER,Major-General.

ROSSVILLE, November 26, 1863-11 a.m.

Major-General REYNOLDS:

Colonel Simmons, instead of sending the rations, sends a note to me, ordering me to direct the commissary of Eleventh and Twelfth Corps to apply at Chattanooga for commissary stores, and returns the guide sent down to conduct the train. Perhaps you can comprehend this; I cannot. We shall rely upon your having some one execute your orders to place 20,000 rations and forage at Rossville as soon as possible. The guide will show them out.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD.

