
The above regiments had left their divisions on the 1st of January, 1864; a great many others were preparing to reorganize as veterans.

I have the honor to annex hereto* the official report of the operations of the Second Brigade, Second Division Cavalry, Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding; also that of Colonel Bernard Laiboldt, Second Missouri, concerning the repulse of Wheeler's cavalry at Charleston, and copies of the official reports of the cavalry force under General Elliott at the engagement at Mossy Creek, E. Tennessee

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.

Brig. Gen. LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army.

No. 10.

Report of Maj. Gen. Gordon Granger, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Army Corps, including operations since November 18, with congratulatory orders, etc.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Loudon, East Tennessee, February 11, 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward to the major-general commanding the Department of the Cumberland, the following report of the operations of the Fourth Army Corps in the recent battles of Chattanooga. For particular and detailed accounts of the facts mentioned therein, I refer to the official reports of division, brigade, and regimental commanders, herewith forwarded.

On the 18th day of November last, I received instructions from Major-General Thomas directing me to hold the two divisions of my command, then at Chattanooga, in readiness to join in an attack about to be made upon the enemy in our front. In this attack I was to co-operate directly with Major-General Sherman after he had crossed his command from the north bank of the Tennessee River, immediately below the mouth of Chickamauga Creek, and had reached the north end of Mission Ridge. This attack was ordered to be made at daylight on the morning of November 21. I was, therefore, directed to bridge Citico Creek, a deep, narrow stream that would separate my command from the position that was to be occupied by Major-General Sherman, working under cover of darkness on the night of the 20th, and to cross it with my two divisions before daylight the next morning, moving toward the north end of Mission Ridge, and marching so as to arrive at that point simultaneously with Major-General Sherman. It was designed that after having effected a juncture with these troops I should change the direction of my column, and move along the northwestern side and base of Mission Ridge, taking the enemy in front and flank. This contemplated attack, however, was not made on the morning of the 21st, the orders having been countermanded on the 20th, when it was found that Major-General Sherman's column, which had been much delayed on

---------------

*See pp.-

---------------

