
also successfully attacked the enemy and had driven him from a strong and important position. Orchard Knob and the ridge to its right looked into the long line of rifle-pits at the base of Mission Ridge, which were held by the enemy in force, and they also afforded points of observation upon movements that the enemy might make through the valley toward the scene of Major-General Sherman's operations. My command now remained in position awaiting further orders. I reported our success and the position and condition of the enemy in our front to Major-General Thomas, commanding the Department of the Cumberland, and at 4 p.m. I received a dispatch from him instructing me to hold and strengthen my position, and stating that Major-General Howard's command was taking position on my left. In accordance with these instructions, a rude line of breastworks was thrown up along my front during the evening, and an epaulement for a six-gun battery was constructed on the knob, in which Bridges' battery of four 3-inch Rodman guns, and two Napoleons were placed before morning.

Immediately after receiving the above instructions, I observed from Orchard Knob that Major-General Howard was meeting with such resistance from the enemy in the double line of rifle-pits to the left of our position and on the opposite side of Citico Creek as to prevent him from making any further advance or from gaining possession of them. I therefore ordered Brigadier-General Beatty, commanding Third Brigade, Third Division, to send two regiments through the woods as quietly as possible, to surprise the party of the enemy, and to attack them in flank. The regiments sent by him for this purpose, the Nineteenth Ohio Infantry, commanded by Colonel Manderson, and the Ninth Kentucky Infantry, commanded by Colonel Cram, came upon the enemy suddenly, attacked them in flank, and drove them back toward Mission Ridge. The rifle-pits, however, not having been taken possession of by the troops in their front, were re-occupied by the enemy during the night, but they were again cleared in a similar manner by the same two regiments after daylight the next morning, and, for some reason unknown to me, were not even then occupied by the troops of the Eleventh Corps.

On the 24th day of November, the two brigades of the First Division of this corps, under command of Brigadier-General Cruft, were, with Major-General Hooker, engaged in his splendid assault upon Lookout Mountain. Copies of the official reports of Brigadier-General Cruft and of his brigade and regimental commanders have been forwarded to me. The original reports have been forwarded to Major-General Hooker. To these and to the report of Major-General Hooker I refer for a full statement of the conduct of my troops on Lookout Mountain. It may be allowed me, however, as their commanding officer, to thank them for their conspicuous gallantry, for the important service they rendered, and for the hearty support which they gave to Major-General Hooker on that memorable day.

During the night of November 23, Major-General Sheridan's and Brigadier-General Wood's commands were engaged in strengthening their positions. All of the next day they remained in line, watching the enemy in front, and awaiting orders. No movement was made by them during the day, and the quiet of this part of our lines was only broken by an occasional exchange of shots between Bridges'

