
In announcing this distinguished recognition of your signal gallantry in carrying, through a terrible storm of iron, a mountain crowned with batteries and encircled with rifle-pits, I am constrained to express my own admiration of your noble conduct, and I am proud to tell you that the veteran generals from other fields who witnessed your heroic bearing place your assault and triumph among the most brilliant achievements of the war. Thirty cannon, more than 3,000 prisoners, and several battle-flags taken from the enemy are among your trophies. Thanks, soldiers! You made that day a glorious page of history.

G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

Generals SHERIDAN and WOOD:

The inclosed instructions will be carried into effect as follows: Sixty rounds of ammunition and ten days' rations per man will be loaded upon the Paint Rock as soon as possible. One company of sharpshooters from each division will go upon the steamer as a guard. Two wagons to each brigade-one for tools and one for brigade headquarters-will be taken. Tools for building bridges, repairing roads, such as augers, saws, axes, picks, spades, &amp;c.; also one battery to each division, and two days' forage for each animal, will be carried. You will march as early as practicable to-morrow morning. One medical wagon to each brigade will be taken.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,G. GRANGER,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND, Chattanooga, November 27, 1863-7 p.m.

Maj. Gen. GORDON GRANGER,Commanding Fourth Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding department directs that you march without delay with the divisions of Sheridan and Wood to the relief of General Burnside at Knoxville. You will take as much artillery as you can, and move without wagons. Ten days' rations for your entire command and extra ammunition will be transported on the steamer Paint Rock, now at the wharf. Take three days' rations and 40 rounds of ammunition on the persons of the men.

J. J. REYNOLDS.

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

Numbers 11.

Report of Surg. Alonzo J. Phelps, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

HDQRS. 4TH ARMY CORPS, MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 15, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of the medical department of this corps at the battle of Chattanooga:

About one week before the battle we had intimations, not official,

