
enemy wholly by surprise. Prisoners captured stated that the force of the enemy encountered upon the ridge was the division of General Stewart. Very many of the enemy were killed outright in this attack, and some 40 badly wounded were afterward cared for by our surgeons in the field. Two hundred and fifty-seven prisoners were captured and held during the assault. The whole ridge was swept of the enemy, who, in their retreat, ran down the east slope of it, and many fell into the hands of General Osterhaus' command. The casualties of my command in this engagement were slight, not exceeding 4 killed and 30 wounded.

The impetuosity with which the men charged the enemy, and the success which they had in breaking his lines early in the fight, rendered the assault comparatively bloodless on our side.

The men were encamped along the ridge near the headquarters which the rebel general, Stewart, had occupied in the morning. Our long line of blazing camp-fires must have presented a welcome spectacle to our comrades in arms at Chattanooga.

On the morning of the 26th ultimo, orders were received to march, via Rossville, to Graysville, this division in advance, followed by General Geary, General Osterhaus in rear. The line of march was commenced about 10.30 a.m. Upon reaching McAfee's Church, some 3 miles beyond Rossville, the head of the column encountered a portion of Major-General Palmer's corps, occupying the road and marching eastward. A short halt was made, permitting General Palmer's troops to pass on, when the march was resumed, following them.

Reaching West Fork of Chickamauga River it was found that the bridge over that stream had just been destroyed by the enemy. Some delay occurred here in constructing a bridge sufficient to cross the infantry. This was, however, accomplished, under charge of Lieutenants C. C. Peck and John A. Wright, of my staff, with a fatigue party from General Palmer's corps. My column commenced crossing at 4 p.m.

About dark the head of the column reached Pea Vine Creek. The camp fires of the enemy were visible on the ridge beyond Pea Vine Valley, and it was reported that some considerable force of the enemy were still in the valley in our front.

Orders here were changed, making Ringgold the destination of our column. Major-General Palmer was to proceed by way of Graysville. The troops of the latter, however, were formed in line between the Ringgold and Graysville road and moved forward to attack the enemy in the valley occupying the Ringgold road, which was done with success.

The night was dark, and these dispositions involved such delay that my command did not commence crossing Pea Vine Creek until after 8 p.m. The command was moved cautiously forward upon the enemy's camp upon the ridge some 2 miles east of the creek. It was found, however, that he had fled, leaving his camp fires burning, and the command under orders bivouacked for the night on the ridge at 10 p.m.

November 27, at half past 7 a.m., the command marched under orders in rear of the column in the direction of Ringgold, distant about 5 miles, which was reached about half past 9 a.m. Arriving at the East Fork of Chickamauga River, it was found that General Osterhaus was engaging the enemy in considerable force along the base of the ridge on the east of the town and in the gorge to

