
the south of it. The troops at the head of the column made a considerable detour up the river across the hills, in order to cross the stream at the covered bridge. This command followed the column, and was ordered to enter the town and halt. The enemy were using artillery from the ridge east of the place freely, and my command marched up under range of his fire. The head of the column was halted near the Catoosa House. In this position the command was subjected to occasional musketry from the enemy's sharpshooters at long range, and one man, Private Johnson, Company H, Thirty-sixth Indian Volunteers, only was killed, and but 2 or 3 others slightly wounded.

At half past 11 a.m. Colonel Grose's brigade was moved up to the railway and placed in position along the west side of the embankment, with its right resting on the depot, to relieve a portion of General Geary's command. A very sharp fight had been progressing from about 10 a.m. upon the slope of the mountain, east of the place and in the gorge below it, between the enemy and some of the regiments of Generals Geary's and Osterhaus' commands, in which this command did not participate.

At half past 12 p.m., in compliance with orders, the Ninety-ninth Ohio Volunteers [Lieutenant-Colonel Cummins] was sent from General Whitaker's brigade across the river to ascend the mountain and, if possible, hold the crest on the south side of the gorge.

Two companies of this regiment, as skirmishers, had nearly succeeded in gaining the crest, pressing up the mountain in a very gallant manner, when the order was countermanded, the enemy having effected a general retreat. About 1 p.m. all firing ceased, and our forces were left in possession of the town. In compliance with orders my command was bivouacked in the woodland on the north margin of the place.

At 3.40 p.m. orders were received to move a brigade toward Tunnel Hill, upon a reconnaissance. Reports led to the belief that a wagon train of the enemy might be captured by an energetic movement in that direction. Instructions did not permit an engagement to be brought on in case the enemy should be discovered in force, butt directed such demonstration to be made as should convey to the enemy an impression of pursuit. The execution of this order was intrusted to Colonel Grose and the brigade under his command. He moved out at 4 p.m. After proceeding about 2 miles, Colonel Grose encountered the enemy's skirmishers and a small force of cavalry and pursued them, driving them before him for a mile and a half, when he came upon the main body of the enemy's rear guard, which he supposed to be the division of General Cleburne, which was posted on the hills commanding the road. The brigade laid in position in front of the enemy until 8 p.m., when it was withdrawn to its bivouac. As he result of this reconnaissance Colonel Grose obtained important information as to the movements of the enemy, which was promptly communicated to General Hooker's headquarters.

November 28, orders were received directing one brigade to be placed at work effectually to destroy 1 mile of the railroad track, commencing at the depot in Ringgold and extending in the direction of Graysville. The performance of this order was intrusted to Brigadier-General Whitaker, who, with his brigade, performed the work ordered in a rapid and satisfactory manner in the mode specified in his orders.

