
November 29, the command lay quietly at Ringgold.

On the 30th, orders were received, in compliance with orders from department headquarters, directing a detail of a brigade from my command to bury our dead on the battle-field of Chickamauga. Colonel Grose was ordered to perform this duty, and left with his brigade at 3 p.m.

Colonel Grose reached the Chickamauga at Reed's Bridge after nightfall and camped there, and the next day, December 1, performed the duties required of him. He found and buried, say, 400 bodies of our soldiers, who had been left on the field unburied by the enemy. His report details the manner in which he performed this service.

On the evening of the 30th, orders were received to return with the command to the respective positions heretofore held on the south side of the Tennessee River, commencing the movement at 2 a.m. the following day.

At the time mentioned Brigadier-General Whitaker's command moved and encamped in the evening at Wauhatchie. Colonel Grose, having completed his labors on the field of Chickamauga, encamped near Rossville.

On the 2nd instant, both brigades had resumed their former positions at Whiteside's and Shellmound.

The following statement exhibits the casualties in the command during the three battles of the 24th, 25th, and 27th ultimo:

Command	 Offic	 Enlist	 Offic	 Enliste	 Office	 Enliste	 Total

 ers	 ed men	 ers	 d men	 rs	 d men

Second	 1	 16	 6	 57	 -	 2	 82

Brigade

Third Brigade	 -	 4	 5	 55	 -	 -	 64

Total	 1	 20	 11	 112	 -	 2	 146

In this none but cases requiring hospital treatment are rated as wounded. Many others were struck and slightly injured, but not incapacitated for duty.

The reports of Brigadier-General Whitaker, commanding Second Brigade, and Colonel W. Grose, commanding Third Brigade, with the reports of the colonels of the various regiments appended, are herewith submitted, marked, respectively, A and B.* The brigade reports are well prepared, and furnish a clear idea of the operations of each. They are especially commended to the consideration of the major-general commanding.

These reports, as well as the regimental reports appended, contain numerous special mentions of individual officers and men for gallantry in action. Many of these fell under my personal notice. A list of these special mentions is collected, and herewith submitted, marked C, in order that they may be brought more particularly to the notice of the major-general commanding.

The report of Lieutenant J. H. Jacques, acting provost-marshal of the division, is herewith submitted, marked D.+ It furnishes the

---------------

*See pp.154, 169.

+Omitted.

---------------

