
names and military history of the 598 prisoners captured during the recent engagements, and properly turned over; also copies of receipts for a large number properly turned over, lists of whom could not be furnished during the battle. Total number of prisoners captured by this division was, say, 1,377. In addition to prisoners, a large number of small-arms, ammunition, tents, commissary supplies, and forage were also captured and turned over to the proper authorities, invoices of which have not yet been made, so that the quantities cannot be satisfactorily stated of Brigadier-General Whitaker's command.

The report of Colonel Barnes and the accompanying papers are referred to.

Two pieces of abandoned artillery and their caissons were received by the division ordnance officers from Brigadier-General Whitaker and properly turned over under orders from Major-General Hooker.

The report of Surg. S. G. Menzies, medical director of the division, is herewith submitted, marked E. This report shows that, in addition to caring for the wounded of this command, the entire medical force and all the supplies on hand were used in administering to the relief of the wounded and dying of Generals Geary's and Osterhaus' divisions after the battle of Ringgold.

Surgeons Menzies, Ball, Sherman, Kersey, Kyle, and Assistant Surgeons Gilmore, Ravenot, and Gaston, and Surgeons Beach and Matchett, were unremitting in the discharge of their duties in field and hospital, and, in addition to our own wounded, had large calls upon them in the ministration to the wounded of the enemy. They were untiring and unselfish in their efforts to alleviate [the sufferings of] all wounded men, without regard to where they belonged.

Especial obligations to the brigade commanders are awarded for the brave and skillful manner in which they handled their commands. Both of them are soldiers of long experience, and have left their mark on many battle-fields. Their conduct met my entire approbation.

Brig. Gen. Walter C. Whitaker, in the storming of Lookout, served with Brigadier-General Geary's command, and that brave officer bears testimony to his satisfaction therewith. The general managed his command successfully and courageously at all times, and deserves well of the country for the part which he bore in the late battles.

Colonel Grose has long commanded a brigade in the Army of the Cumberland with marked ability, and his own conduct and that of his command during the late operations fully sustain his reputation. It is difficult to find a braver officer or one more worthy of promotion.

Colonels Barnes, Champion, Taylor, Mullen, Bennett, Waters, and Suman, with Lieutenant-Colonels Wood and Cummins, Majors Hale and Trusler, and Captain Bacon, commanding regiments, were gallant and earnest in the discharge of their duties, and, with their respective field and staff officers and the men comprising their commands, behaved well.

The following staff officers served with me during the battles: Maj. Lyne Starling, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant John A. Wright, First Kentucky Volunteers, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant H. E. Stansbury, Nineteenth U. S. Infantry, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant C. C. Peck, Sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting aide-de-camp; Lieutenant J. H. Jacques, Twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, acting provost-marshal; Lieutenant B. F. Croxton, ordnance officer.

