
They each performed the duties of their respective positions in a fearless and satisfactory manner-shrank from no trial or exposure required of them.

Company E, Ninety-second Illinois Mounted Infantry [Captain M. Van Buskirk], deserves notice for the excellent manner in which it performed escort and other duties assigned to it. The officers and men of the company were indefatigable in their attempts to supply the brigades with ammunition by packing it upon their horses up Lookout Mountain, and in all the actions rendered efficient service in the capture and guarding of prisoners and conveying them to the rear.

Private J. H. Miller, Company B, Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteers, a detailed clerk in the adjutant's office of the division, sought and obtained permission to go to the front with his company, and carried his musket therein during the recent campaign. His desire to share the perils and exposures of the field with his comrades, when his detail shielded him therefrom, is worthy of commendation.

With regards to the major-general commanding for his many courtesies exhibited to this command during the recent short but brilliant campaign, I am, captain, your obedient servant,

CHARLES CRUFT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure.]

C.

LIST OF SPECIAL MENTIONS.

Second Brigade [Brigadier-General Whitaker's report].

Colonel Sidney M. Barnes, Colonel Thomas E. Champion, Colonel J. E. Taylor, Colonel B. F. Mullen, Lieutenant-Colonel Cummins, and Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Wood, "for bravery and the skillful manner in which they handled their regiments."

Majors Dufficy and J. S. Clark, "for gallant conduct."

Captain J. R. Boone, assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenants Phipps, Peck, and Riley, aides-de-camp; Lieutenant Pepoon, provost-marshal, and Captain North, brigade inspector, "for courage and bravery;" through their assistance I was enabled to handle my brigade as I desired."

Captain Wilson, Company C, Eighth Kentucky Infantry; Sergt. H. H. Davis, and Private William Witt, of Company A; Sergts. Joseph Wagers and J. G. Wood, of Company B, and Private Joel Bradley, of Company I, Eighth Kentucky Infantry, "for bravely volunteering to scale the cliffs and plant the national banner on Lookout Rock."

Sergt. Maj. J. Mosely, Eighth Kentucky Infantry; Color Sergeant Duncan, Privates Jacob Butler, Company G, and Clark Thornton, Company D, Ninety-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and Sergeant-Major Powers, Thirty-fifth Indiana Volunteer Infantry, "worthy of special observation."

Private Warren C. Gallihue, Eighty-fourth Indiana, and Private Spears, Fortieth Ohio, orderlies, "are recommended for promotion for gallantry."

Lieutenant Igoe, quartermaster Thirty-fifth Indiana Volunteers,

