
"offered his services as brigade quartermaster, and discharged his thankless, fatiguing duty, regardless of mud, and was active in obtaining supplies for the men."

From Eighth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry [Colonel S. M. Barnes' report].-Adjt. Thomas Edgar Park, "for coolness and daring on battle-field."

From Ninety-sixth Illinois Volunteer Infantry [Colonel Champion's report].-Adjt. E. A. Blodgett, "for efficient service and gallantry."

From Fortieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry [Colonel Taylor's report].-Maj. Thomas Acton and color-bearer Corpl. Richard Beetle, Company D, "who were killed on the enemy's works while urging the men forward." Lieutenant J. W. Smith, "for gallantly leading his men forward to a hand-to-hand encounter with the enemy in his works." Corpl. J. Rider, Company C, "for seizing the colors when shot down, and gallantly bearing them during the battle."

From Thirty-fifth Indiana Volunteer Infantry [Colonel B. F. Mullen's report].-Adjutant Gallagher, "for coolness and intrepidity." First Lieutenant John Maloney, Company A, "for daring and courage."

From Ninety-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry [Lieutenant Colonel J. E. Cummins' report].-Adjt. E. B. Walkup, "for coolness and bravery." Color bearer, Sergeant Duncan, "for gallantry," and Private Jacob Butler, "for coolness and daring."

Third Brigade.

From Eighty-fourth Illinois Volunteer Infantry [Colonel Waters' report].-Major Cox and Adjutant Caswell, "for gallantry and promptness in the discharge of their duties;" Captain Scott, Company B; Captain Nelson, Company F, and Lieutenant Miller, Company G, "are entitled to much credit for the construction of a bridge across Lookout Creek."

From Fifty-ninth Illinois Volunteer Infantry [Major Hale's report].-Captain J. M. Stookey and Adjt. George F. Clark, "for valuable assistance and ready co-operation." Corpl. R. Allen and Privates G. W. Canfield and J. B. Holcomb, Company A; Privates M. Kelley, W. H. Beard, and J. C. Still, Company B; Private J. P. Woods, Company E, and Private H. Twohous, Company C, "for gallant conduct."

E.

HDQRS. FIRST DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, Ringgold, Ga., November 28, 1863.

Brigadier-General CRUFT:

I have the honor to report the following, viz: That on yesterday, the 27th instant, when your command started around on the west side of Ringgold, the wounded from General Geary's troops were brought back across the bridge over the East Fork of the Chickamauga. Your forces, not being engaged, I took Surgeon Beach and Assistant Surgeons Matchett, Gilmore, Gaston, and Ravenot, who were on the ground, with me, to the assistance of Surgeon Ball, of General Geary's staff. About 10 o'clock, as the wounded began to be brought back, two houses were taken on the west side of the

