
river, and the sufferers attended to as well as could be, under the circumstances. Upward of 100 came to us, wounded in every conceivable manner.

After the battle ceased, many were taken into the town and placed in the Catoosa House, the court-house, and bank building, along with those who had been brought there immediately from the field, numbering in all 261.

I detailed Surgeon Sherman, in charge of the Catoosa House, assisted by Surgeons Kersey and Kyle, and Assistant Surgeon Avoirdick, Surgeon Beach, and his assistant, Surgeon Matchett, to help at the court-house, and Assistant Surgeons Gilmore, Gaston, and Ravenot, to the bank buildings. Surgeon Sherman remained at the Catoosa House until this morning [28th], when the wounded were sent to Chattanooga, discharging the onerous duties imposed upon him with great ability and perseverance.

The surgeons of the other commands were short of supplies, and our instruments, dressings, &amp;c., were placed freely at their disposal. It is needless to say the dressing and supplies were used up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. G. MENZIES,

Medical Director, First Division, Fourth Army Corps.

No. 13.

Report of Brig. Gen. Walter C. Whitaker, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS, Shellmound, Tennessee, December 6, 1863.

The following report of the part taken by my brigade in storming Lookout and driving the enemy from before Chattanooga is submitted:

On leaving Shellmound the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois, the Eighty-fourth Indiana, and the Fifth Indiana Battery were detailed to defend the works erected for the protection of our supply line. These were under the command of Colonel Jesse H. Moore, of the One hundred and fifteenth Illinois. This duty was well performed.

Six regiments, the Eighth Kentucky, Colonel Sidney M. Barnes; the Ninety-sixth Illinois, Colonel Thomas E. Champion; Thirty-fifth Indiana, Colonel Mullen; the Fortieth Ohio, Colonel Taylor; the Ninety-ninth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Cummins; the Fifty-first Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, under my command, left Shellmound November 23, at 9 a.m. After a tiresome march, over rough roads, I reported to General Cruft, division commander, at the base of Raccoon Mountain, near the mouth of Lookout Creek, having made 23 miles during the day. For reasons unknown to me, the command of our brave and efficient division, General Cruft's [two brigades], was divided, and this brigade ordered to report at daylight on the morning of the 24th to Brigadier-General Geary, of General Hooker's command. This was done with celerity and dispatch. The troops were massed near Wauhatchie. They were deployed, crossing Lookout Creek on the dam of a little mill, near which, by order, the knapsacks and blankets of my command were left under guard.

