
one-fourth and one-half mile beyond the white house. My command pursued them, and, with portion of General Geary's division, formed and held the advance lines, not only against the retiring foe, but also against heavy re-enforcements of the enemy, until we were relieved by our troops. This took place near nightfall and after night. In this charge the Fortieth Ohio, Colonel Taylor, took two pieces of cannon, which have been turned over to the ordnance officer. And a little after 1 p.m. the general in command of this brigade, with a portion of his staff, had possession of the white house, whence messages were sent at 2 o'clock to General Cruft, division commander, General Granger, corps commander, and General Thomas, announcing our success. Later in the evening that brave officer, Colonel Grose, arrived with his troops on the crest in the rear of my command, where he took position. The skirmish firing of the enemy along the front was very spirited, occasionally varied by an effort to charge our lines. I directed him to throw forward two regiments to the right to the support of the Ninety-sixth Illinois and Fifty-first Ohio, to enable Colonel Champion to take the Summertown road in order to capture the artillery and rebel forces on the mountain. This he declined to do, and exhibited me a written order from General Hooker directing that, "as soon as the enemy are started, our forces pursue to the crest of Lookout only."

This he was bound to obey. This order I did not see or know of until after my command had driven the enemy beyond the crest of Lookout near a mile. I was subsequently supported ably, and a portion of my command relieved from skirmish duty on the front line during the night, by Colonel Grose. The enemy threw grenades or shell over the cliffs, and the fire of their sharpshooters was so galling that we must inevitably have lost many men but for a dense cloud that enveloped the mountain top about noon. Weary with the forced march of the previous day, and with the fight that had been prolonged all day and into the night, wet with the cold, drizzling rain that fell on the mountain, yet my command were vigilant and active to maintain the position so fearlessly and boldly won. The enemy's loss was heavy; to me it is unknown.

Early on the morning of the 25th, I called for volunteers from the Eighth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry to scale the cliff that overhang the crest of the ridge or point, and take Lookout Rock. It was not known what force was on its top. Captain Wilson, of Company C, Eighth Kentucky Infantry; Sergt. H. H. Davis and Private William Witt, of Company A; Sergts, Joseph Wagers and James G. Wood, of Company B, and Private Joel Bradley, of Company I, promptly volunteered for this purpose. It was a bold undertaking. Scaling the cliff, they took possession and unfurled our country's flag where so lately treason had defiantly flaunted her symbol of ruin. This flag was the gift of the loyal women of Estill County, Ky. It has been most honorably borne. These men were quickly followed by the Eighth Kentucky Infantry, led by Colonel Barnes, who was re-enforced later in the day by the Ninety-sixth Illinois, Colonel Champion leading. They were directed to hold the mountain at all hazards.

Considerable stores and munitions of war, with the tents of a large encampment, fell into our hands. For particulars I refer to the report of Colonel Barnes, who took them in charge. The number of prisoners taken by this command on Lookout is about 600. These

