
were sent to the prison pound at the rear. I refer to the report of the provost-marshal of this brigade for particulars.

About 11 o'clock of this day the Fortieth Ohio, Ninety-ninth Ohio, Fifty-first Ohio, and Thirty-fifth Indiana, under my command, advanced, by orders, in the direction of Rossville, to assault the left of the enemy on Missionary Ridge. At a signal from our center, near Chattanooga, we advanced, Colonel Grose's splendid brigade having the advance, my command supporting him. General Cruft was in command to-day of the division. The enemy were driven with great impetuosity. To prevent Colonel Grose's command from being flanked on the left, two of my regiments, the Thirty-fifth Indiana, Colonel Mullen, and Fifty-first Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Wood, were ordered to the front. They advanced in fine order, and continued fighting gallantly on the front line until the enemy were driven from the ridge. That night we slept on Missionary Ridge.

Next morning, the 26th, we started in pursuit of the swift-footed General Braxton Bragg. Our progress was impeded by destroyed bridges and swollen streams. That night we slept on the ridge beyond Pea Vine, which divides the waters of East and West Chickamauga.

At daydawn [27th], the pursuit is continued and the rear of the enemy overtaken at Ringgold. In the battle at Ringgold [most gallantly maintained by General Osterhaus and General Geary] my command was held in reserve until late in the morning, when, by order from General Hooker, I detailed the Ninety-ninth Ohio, Lieutenant-Colonel Cummins, to reconnoiter a peak of Taylor's Ridge, to the right of the gorge, through which the railroad passes. This was being rapidly done when the enemy were routed and fled. My command destroyed over a mile of railroad, beginning at the depot in Ringgold; the ties were burned and the iron bent. The weather became excessively cold; the men were without blankets and overcoats, but nor a murmur of dissatisfaction came from them. Officers and men were inspired with a loyal enthusiasm that enabled them to beat the enemies of our Government and endure the bitter hardships of exposure unrepining. I specially commend Sid. M. Barnes, Colonel Thomas E. Champion, Colonel Taylor, Colonel Mullen, Lieutenant-Colonel Cummins, and Lieutenant-Colonel Wood for bravery and the skillful manner in which they handled their regiments. I also call attention to Major Dufficy and Maj. John S. Clark for gallant conduct. I have not a word of censure for any officer of my command, but am truly gratified to have it in my power to say they all discharged their duty promptly and efficiently. The enlisted men were quick to obey and execute every order, however hazardous to carry out, and, in addition to those already mentioned, I add the names John Mosely, sergeant-major of the Eighth Kentucky; Duncan, color sergeant of the Ninety-ninth Ohio; Jacob Butler, of Company G, and Clark Thornton, of Company D, of same regiment; John Powers, sergeant-major of Thirty-fifth Indiana, as worthy of special observation.

To my staff I call the attention of the general in command. We had to dismount and go on foot in storming Lookout. The transmission of orders over its rugged sides in the face of the enemy was one of great danger and labor, but the energy of my intrepid assistant adjutant-general, Captain J. Rowan Boone; of my untiring aides, Lieutenants Phipps, Peck, and Riley; of my provost-marshal, Lieutenant Pepoon, and of brigade-inspector, Captain North,

