
the regiment until other troops occupied the very important ground we covered. This was accomplished just at dusk, and the regiment retired to the rear line.

On the morning of the 25th, the Ninety-sixth was ordered to occupy the summit of Lookout Mountain, in conjunction with the Eighth Kentucky, and we have since remained here.

I deem it proper to state that Colonel Champion made persistent but ineffectual efforts to induce regiments lying just in rear of the first line to take position on the extreme right, and thus flank the enemy, according to directions of General Whitaker, and that efforts to relieve the Ninety-sixth Illinois before dark, so that our regiment might thus have moved, were also unavailing, Had such a move been made, our success on the 24th would have been much greater, as we would thus have obtained full control of the road leading from the mountain. The line officers and men of the regiment all deserve commendation for the manner in which they endured the unusual fatigue of the march up and along the mountain and over acres of abatis, and their unflinching bravery under the enemy's fire. I will add that I was greatly assisted in the operation of the day by Lieutenant E. A. Blodgett, adjutant, who rendered efficient service and behaved with great gallantry.

It is with feelings of unfeigned thankfulness that I refer you to the fact that our loss was wonderfully light, as will be seen by the report of killed and wounded herewith appended.*

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE HICKS,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

First Lieutenant J. ROWAN BOONE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 15.

Report of Colonel Bernard F. Mullen, Thirty-fifth Indiana Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIFTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Ringgold, November 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to the orders of Brigadier-General Whitaker, I beg leave to make the following report of the part my regiment took in the recent battles:

On the morning of the 24th instant, my regiment left camp in Raccoon Valley and proceeded toward Lookout Mountain. By orders of the general the men divested themselves of all superfluous baggage, and prepared to cross Lookout Creek, the Eighth Kentucky in the advance and the Thirty-fifth Indiana following. Crossing the creek we ascended a slope of the mountain and formed line of battle, the Eighth Kentucky on the right.

Now for the first time I understood our business to be to sweep the Lookout Valley and carry the enemy's works on the mountain by storm. The route across the spurs of the mountain was exceedingly rough, deep gorges, rugged ascents, and sharp projecting rocks rendering the march toilsome and tedious. Notwithstanding the character of the ground, my regiment, as indeed did the whole brigade, maintained a splendid and unfaltering line.

Close to the flank works of the enemy our line of skirmishers was discovered. A spattering fire commenced, and then, unable to pre-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.80.

---------------

