
No. 16.

Report of Colonel Sidney M. Barnes, Eighth Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. EIGHTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Lookout Mountain, December 1, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, I herewith submit to you, for the information of the commanding general, a report of the operations and part taken by the Eighth Kentucky Volunteers, under my command, in the storming of Lookout Mountain, to wit:

I have the honor to report that at 8 a.m., 23rd November, 1863, my command, together with five other regiments of the Second Brigade, General W. C. Whitaker commanding, marched from Shellmound to the front to engage the enemy, and at 6 p.m., or about that time of same day as above, arrived near the headquarters of Major-General Hooker, opposite Lookout Mountain and near the foot of Raccoon Mountain, and encamped for the night. Early next morning, at 6 a.m., we were ordered by General Whitaker forward into action, the Eighth Kentucky in the advance of the brigade. We proceeded by the way of General Geary's headquarters to the rear of a chain of hills on the west side of Lookout Creek and Mountain.

When the Second Brigade formed line of battle and prepared for action and the storming of Lookout Mountain, we formed on the left of the Twelfth Army Corps, or General Geary's division, and from there we moved by the flank, in rear of Geary's division, crossing Lookout Creek near mouth of Wauhatchie, after which three lines of battle were formed, Geary's command having the advance. The Eighth Kentucky formed on the right of the second line, and the whole force moved along the slope or side west of the summit of Lookout Mountain, the lines of battle extending from near Lookout Creek to the cliff of Lookout Mountain, which cliff extended along the entire slope and right of the line. The advance was rapid and over deep ravines, large rocks, high ridges, and very uneven and rough ground. We advanced in a northerly direction toward the point of Lookout Mountain, a distance of 3 miles, perhaps. The enemy was encountered about 1 mile from the point of the mountain. They made a stubborn resistance, but were ultimately driven around the point of the mountain in splendid style, many prisoners being captured and sent to the rear. The Eighth Kentucky was not really engaged in the action, although subjected to a heavy fire from the enemy on the mountain above for a mile at least. During our advance we advanced in supporting distance of the first line and sufficiently near to be repeatedly fired into by the enemy in front. After reaching the ridge or spur of the mountain, immediately opposite the point of Lookout Mountain and to the left off and immediately under the point where the rebel artillery had been stationed, and there operated, we were ordered to halt and hold the ridge or spur at all hazards, which we did. Here we remained from about 12.30 o'clock in the day until next morning, the 25th November, about sunrise, in line of battle, all the time without water, overcoats, or blankets, suffering considerably. An attempt was made, at the request of Brigadier-General Whitaker, by Lieutenant Jones, of Company F, Eighth Kentucky, to reach the summit, but it failed on account of the superior force of the enemy on the summit and the

