
use of hand grenades by the enemy. Here, however, the party killed 1 rebel, and sustained no loss. Early next morning, about sunup, Brigadier-General Whitaker approached the Eighth Kentucky and asked if they could not furnish a party to ascend the summit and plant the flag of the Eighth Kentucky, in honor of the Second Brigade. Immediately Captain Wilson, Company C, Eighth Kentucky, who commanded the color company, volunteered to try the experiment, the officers and men of the Eighth Kentucky agreeing to sustain and support him. Five of the regiment ascended with Captain Wilson. In a few minutes they planted the colors of the Eighth Kentucky on the summit or top of Lookout Mountain. I then forwarded the regiment immediately to the summit to his support, and threw out a strong skirmish line and formed line of battle and advanced the line several hundred yards from the point, and continued the skirmish line to Summertown and to the rebel encampment, finding most of the enemy had retreated, capturing a considerable amount of commissary stores, a large number of tents and camp equipage, several boxes of artillery ammunition, about one hundred and eighty small-arms, and some little corn. The Twelfth Army Corps have taken possession of most of the commissary stores and artillery ammunition, and a considerable quantity of the other captured property has been hauled away by order of Colonel Mackay, assistant quartermaster, Department of the Cumberland. We captured during the 25th, the day we took the mountain, 100 prisoners, and sent them to the rear. We now hold, together with the Ninety-sixth Illinois [Colonel Champion], Lookout Mountain. He and his command have rendered me valuable assistance in securing the captured property and other necessary duties in fortifying, &amp;c. The Ninety-sixth Illinois belongs to the Second Brigade, and was ordered on the mountain to support the Eighth Kentucky; in fact, many of them rushed up after the Eighth Kentucky to assist without being actually ordered.

The Eighth Kentucky, under my command, numbered when we formed line of battle and crossed Lookout Creek, 18 commissioned officers, including field and staff, and 184 enlisted men; in all, 202 officers and enlisted men. Company G having been left in rear by order of Brigadier-General Whitaker to guard wagons, &c., they did not participate in the action.

All my officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, with the exceptions hereinafter named, did their duty and are entitled to praise, except Corpl. Burges Elliott and Privates John W. Ward and George Aldridge, of Company B; John Brandenburgh, John Ashcraft, William Hall, William H. Ross, Henry Fike, Company D; Privates William Maes and Daniel Edwards, Company F, and Privates William Aldridge, Hardin Moore, and John Selby, Company H. They are reported by their company commanders as having without permission fallen out and to the rear after crossing the creek and the advance commenced. Corporal Elliott contends he was sent to the rear with a prisoner by Lieutenant Phipps, of General Whitaker's staff, about which I am not advised. He has heretofore been a good soldier. The others contend they broke down and could not keep up. They are stout men, and I regret to say that I fear they did not altogether discharge their duty. They all rejoined the command on the mountain after the enemy were driven off.

We lost no officers in killed, none were wounded and none missing. Four enlisted men were wounded, none of them seriously. I cannot

