
account for the loss being so small except from the dense fog that enveloped the whole country during part of our advance and while we lay in line of battle. The fog continued from 1 p.m. to about 11 p.m., and obscured the scene.

I have the honor to especially mention Captain John Wilson, Company C, and Sergt. Harris H. Davis, Company A; Private William Witt, same company; Sergt. Joseph Wagers, Company B, and James G. Wood, Company B; also Private Joel Bradley, Company I, for their extraordinary daring and gallantry in ascending the summit of Lookout Mountain and planting the colors of the Eighth Kentucky on the summit in advance of every other person, in the presence or sight of both armies. I trust they may be promoted. I also have the satisfaction in mentioning Maj. John S. Clark and Adjt. Thomas Edgar Park and Sergt. Maj. John Mosely for their coolness and daring in and during the whole action. They rendered me essential service, and they each deserve promotion.

I herewith return a tabular statement* of those wounded, &amp;c.

All of which I respectfully submit.

SIDNEY M. BARNESS,

Colonel Eighth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, Comdg.

Lieutenant J. ROWAN BOONE,

Acting Assistant adjutant-General.

N. B.-By way of supplement to my report I beg leave to report that Corpl. Burges Elliott, Company B, Eighth Kentucky, was really sent back with prisoners by Lieutenant J. P. Phipps, aide-de-camp to General Whitaker, and he should be honorably mentioned. All of which is respectfully submitted.

No. 17.

Report of Colonel Jacob E. Taylor, Fortieth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTIETH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Camp near Ringgold, Ga., November 30, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in compliance with General Orders, No. 12, Second Brigade, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, Army of the Cumberland, the Fortieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry left Shellmound with the balance of the brigade on the 23rd instant for the front, marching until late in the evening, when it encamped for the night near Lookout Mountain.

Early in the morning of the 24th, the line of march was again taken up, crossing a creek at the foot of Lookout and [continuing up the slope of the mountain, where three lines of battle were formed, the Fortieth Ohio first], from the left of General Whitaker's brigade, which formed the second line.

About 12 m.an advance was ordered. After advancing half a mile, slight skirmishing commenced with the first line, which gradually increased as the line moved forward until the firing became general, when General Whitaker, who was then in the line with his brigade, ordered a charge, which was successfully obeyed, and after

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.80.

---------------

