
driving the enemy several hundred yards and into his camp, the Fortieth passed the front line, the men of the latter remarking as the Fortieth passed "Here comes fresh troops to relieve us;" "Go it, boys, we have chased them up for you; pour it into them; give them hell."

The Fortieth now being in advance continued the charge, routing the enemy in confusion from every point for more than a half mile, scaling his ditches and stone barricades about the white house, where two pieces of artillery and over 300 picks and spades were captured. The pursuit was continued over walls and ditches until the enemy were met in such numbers as to compel the regiment to fall back to a stone wall for protection, which it successfully held until relieved by fresh troops.

While directing the men in this last position, the gallant Major Acton fell, instantly killed by a musket shot through the breast. Also the brave Richard Beetle, corporal Company D, who so nobly carried the colors through the charge, was killed.

Effective strength of regiment before the engagement was 16 officers and 333 enlisted men, Casualties, 1 officer and 11 men killed, 1 officer and 15 men wounded, 2 men missing. Aggregate loss, 2 officers and 28 men.

On the morning of the 25th, the regiment was detailed to reconnoiter Chattanooga Valley, which was continued to the creek, and until about 12 m., with no further result than the capture of 6 prisoners and two cases of guns [new] nearly full. The regiment was then ordered to rejoin the brigade near Mission Ridge, which it did about 2 p.m., and moved with the balance of the brigade on the ridge, but was not brought under fire.

On the morning of the 26th, the regiment, with the brigade, was ordered to move on the Ringgold road. After crossing a small stream about 9 p.m. the regiment was detailed to deploy and reconnoiter a mountain where it was supposed the enemy's train had encamped. This was done, with the result of the capture of 1 supply wagon and 1 caisson.

On the morning of the 27th, the march was continued to Ringgold, where the advance of the column again encountered the enemy. The regiment was again formed in line of battle, forming the fourth line of General Whitaker's brigade, but was not engaged in the action.

Officers and men, with but few exceptions, did most nobly during the campaign. Those deserving particular attention for gallant conduct in storming Lookout Mountain are Major Acton and Corpl. Richard Beetle [color bearer], who were killed on the enemy's works while urging the men forward and encountered the enemy in a hand-to-hand conflict in his works; Corpl. J. Rider, Company C. who picked up the colors when shot down, leaped upon a rock, and defiantly waved them in the enemy's face, and proudly bore them on the field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. E. TAYLOR,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant J. ROWAN BOONE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

