
No. 188.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Charles H. Wood, Fifty-first Ohio Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-FIRST OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Ringgold, Ga., November 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Pursuant to orders from Brig. Gen. W. C. Whitaker, I have the honor to report the operations of the Fifty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteers since it left Shellmound, and the part taken by it in the recent battles near Chattanooga:

On Monday morning, November 23, at 8 o'clock, I marched my command with the balance of the Second Brigade in the direction of Chattanooga, and after a very fatiguing march of 20 miles over rough roads bivouacked for the night in Lookout Valley, opposite the point of Lookout Mountain.

At 6 o'clock, Tuesday morning, November 24, I marched to Wauhatchie Station, on the Memphis and Charleston Railroad, where, pursuant to orders, the regiment divested itself of all baggage preparatory to the storming of Lookout Mountain. Moving across Lookout Creek I ascended the mountain as high as the bluffs, and formed my regiment in the second line on the left of the Ninety-sixth Regiment, Illinois Volunteers. At the command "forward" I moved with the balance of the brigade along the side of the mountain, encountering the enemy. The first line drove him rapidly before it, the second line, following immediately in rear of the first of musketry and artillery that was poured into the ranks both from the front and from the top of Lookout Mountain, which swarmed with sharpshooters. On arriving at the point of Lookout Mountain, I passed through the Eighth Kentucky Volunteers on the right of the first line and, moving around the crest of the hill about 200 yards, halted. By this time the left of the first line, which had driven the enemy out of the works, was being repulsed, and I was ordered by the general commanding the brigade to move quickly to their support. Changing front forward on the ninth company, I moved my regiment double-quick down the hill; striking the enemy on his left flank, I poured in a few well-directed volleys, driving them back to the woods in great disorder. Changing front immediately to the right, I moved forward around the mountain and took position on the right of the Ninety-sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteers, which had been engaging the enemy on my right.

Before the formation with the Ninety-sixth Illinois was completed the enemy was observed to be moving to the right, evidently intending to turn our right flank. Posting the regiment among the rocks [which formed admirable breastworks] I advanced a line of skirmishers, which, however, were soon driven back and the enemy formed to charge us from our position. Massing their force they moved forward with a yell. My regiment reserved its fire until the rebels came within thirty paces, then, pouring in a deadly fire, they sent them back howling. A second charge was made with like results, and the enemy, finding it impossible to dislodge us from our position, retired about 50 paces, keeping up a continuous fire till half past 3 o'clock, at which time, my ammunition being exhausted, I was relieved by the Fifty-ninth Illinois and moved my command to the rear, where I bivouacked for the night.

On the morning of the 25th, at 4 o'clock, I was again ordered forward to the front line, but no firing passed between my command

