
and the enemy, daylight revealing the fact that he had retreated from the mountain. About 11 a.m. I received orders to march my command to Rossville, which point I reached about 4 p.m. Having found the enemy in force on Missionary Ridge, I was ordered to form line on the left of the Thirty-fifth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, and move up the ridge on the north side of the gap. On reaching the summit I received orders to report to Colonel Grose, whose brigade was warmly engaged with the enemy. Reporting to Colonel Grose, he immediately moved me to the left of his front line, which was the exposed. Throwing forward one company as skirmishers they soon encountered the enemy. At this juncture an order was received for the entire line to charge, which it did, completely routing the enemy and capturing several hundred prisoners. By an order from General Whitaker I rejoined my brigade and bivouacked for the night on Missionary Ridge.

Thursday morning, November 26, I marched my command in the direction of Ringgold, and camped for the night on the ridge west of Pea Vine Creek.

Friday morning, November 27, I moved with the column on Ringgold, where the enemy was found strongly intrenched, on Taylor's Ridge. Quite a severe engagement took place, my command taking no part except supporting the attacking party.

I am pleased to report that the part taken by the Fifty-first Ohio, both at the storming of Lookout Mountain and Missionary Ridge, was attended with very small loss. I entered the action on the 24th with but nine companies, Company G being detailed as guard for baggage, and 1 officer and 13 men as guard for ammunition train, leaving me a command of 13 officers and 160 men. Company G was relieved on the 25th, and came up in time to participate in the fight at Missionary Ridge. My loss amounted to 1 man killed and 6 wounded.

In honor to the dead I wish to mention the name of Adam Iselie, who was killed in resisting the charge of the enemy on Lookout Mountain. Though a foreigner by birth, in very indigent circumstances, with a large family, and in poor health, ill able to bear the privations of a soldier, yet, when his country called upon her sons to defend her rights, his patriotism sacrificed all, and he was one among the first to respond. No braver spirit or more gallant a soldier ever fell in defense of his country's flag.

I cannot close my report without expressing my thanks to both officers and men of my command for the gallantry and intrepidity displayed by them throughout the entire action. To my staff I am specially indebted for assistance rendered me during the battle. In fact I am proud to state that the conduct of all my officers and men was such as will do honor to the State from which they came; but for fear further comment might be construed as boasting, I will refer them to the general commanding the brigade, under whose immediate eye they fought.

Accompanying this report I annex a list of the casualties.*

Hoping the conduct of the Fifty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteers has met with the approval of the general commanding, I have the honor to remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. WOOD,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Fifty-first Ohio Volunteers.

Lieutenant J. ROWAN BOONE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

