
alacrity, the skirmishers being advanced one-third of the way up the ridge, when the regiment was ordered back.

Private Clark Thornton, of Company D, who was a deserter from the regiment, voluntarily went with the regiment and engaged in the fight, acting with great coolness and bravery, always being in the front rank. I therefore recommend that he be restored to duty with the loss of pay during his absence.

The regiment returned to camp yesterday with all of the men it started with, except the killed and a portion of the wounded.

Respectfully, yours,

J. E. CUMMINS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Ninety-ninth Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant J. ROWAN BOONE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Company B was detailed in charge of regimental wagons, and the company joined us before the charge on Lookout Mountain, except 8 men left in charge of wagons.

No. 20.

Report of Colonel William Grose, Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FIRST DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Whiteside's Tennessee, December 4, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with duty, I have the honor to report the part my brigade took in the recent battles before Chattanooga.

On the 23rd of November, ultimo, under orders and command of Brigadier-General Cruft, I marched from this place with part of my command, Eighty-fourth Illinois, Colonel Waters; Ninth Indiana, Colonel Suman; Seventy-fifth Illinois, Colonel Benett; Thirty-sixth Indiana, Major Trusler; Fifty-ninth Illinois, Major Hale; Twenty-fourth Ohio, Captain Bacon; effective force, officers and men, 1,693. We marched that day to Lookout Valley, and reported to Major-General Hooker, where we rested for the night, and were ready to move at daylight on the morning of the 24th, at which time I was ordered with my command to the front, and informed that General Hooker desired to see me in person. I repaired to his quarters and received instructions to move with my command and drive the enemy from and effect a crossing of Lookout Creek at a destroyed bridge near the railroad crossing of that creek, which courses along the base of Lookout Mountain on the west into the Tennessee River. I immediately went forward in advance of the troops to make observations and learn the position, and found the enemy's pickets on the east bank and ours on the west, within 30 paces of each other, enjoying a friendship which was soon after broken and turned into wrath upon the approach of my forces. I discovered soon that the creek was more swollen than was expected, and the only means of passage was to repair a space in the center of the bridge of about 15 feet, which was covered by the enemy from their rifle-pits on the opposite side and from the railroad embankment, which gave them complete protection. I ordered up the Eighty-fourth

