
on a couple of miles to our front. As we approached, it seemed to be advancing toward us, which turned out to be General Johnson's division, Fourteenth Army Corps, driving the enemy south on the ridge, where his lines and ours approached within 800 or 900 yards of each other. The enemy's forces between us threw down their arms, and firing and destruction of life ceased, and it appeared to me that we had more prisoners between than we had men in our own lines. Here we disposed of prisoners, cared for the wounded, buried the dead, and rested for the night. Colonel Suman and Major Hale, with their regiments, deserve favorable mention for daring and gallant conduct on this occasion.

On the morning of the 26th, our forces moved on the Ringgold road in pursuit of the routed enemy. Two divisions of the Fourteenth Corps, under Major-General Palmer, had the advance, followed by General Osterhaus' division; then came the two brigades of our division, followed by General Geary's division, delayed at Chickamauga to rebuild bridge. We reached Pea Vine Valley about sunset, and the forces advanced cautiously through its mud and dense underbrush until the advance reached the La Fayette road, where it found a battery and train of the enemy moving. One volley, captured all, scattering the men therewith in every direction. General Palmer's forces there took the Graysville road to the left. Our division moved forward out of the valley, ascended the hill, gathering up many scattering prisoners, and rested for the night 4 miles from Ringgold.

At early day on the morning of the 27th, General Osterhaus taking the advance, followed by our division, at about 8 o'clock we approached the town and found the enemy in force on White Oak Ridge, and in the gorge through which Middle Chickamauga flows beyond the town.

A severe engagement soon commenced, our forces endeavoring to carry the position by a front assault; the action lasted about four hours, with heavy loss to us. At last the place was carried and the enemy driven. My brigade had been placed in position in the town, took no part, but was under fire, where I lost 1 man killed shortly after the enemy had been driven from their position.

I received orders to move with my command in pursuit, and was soon under way; skirmishing with their rear guard soon commenced, and destroyed bridges made the pursuit difficult and slow. We followed them until night, a distance of 3 miles, and found what appeared to be a division in a well selected position, and, in accordance with orders, I returned to Ringgold. We recaptured 2 of our wounded men, took 2 more prisoners, found broken caissons, wagons, ambulances, dead and dying men of the enemy strewn along the way to a horrible extent.

We remained at Ringgold until the evening of the 30th of November, when I received orders to return to Whiteside's, via the Chickamauga battle-field. We marched to Reed's farm, on West Chickamauga, 6 miles and camped for the night.

On the 1st day of December, we crossed the creek, proceeded 2 miles to the memorable battle-field of the 19th and 20th of September, 1863. We buried the remains of about 400 of our brave fallen comrades that had been the prey of animals for two and a half months. On the left of our line the dead of the enemy over a portion of the ground had been well buried, and ours tolerably well covered, but toward the center and right, but few of ours were attempted to be buried or covered at all. The heads and feet of those

