
On the morning of the 25th, it was ascertained that the enemy had abandoned the summit of the mountain during the night, and about 10 a.m. the regiment marched, with the remainder of the brigade, down Lookout Mountain and across Chattanooga Valley, which had also been abandoned by the enemy, to Rossville. Arriving there at about 4 p.m., the regiment followed the Ninth Indiana up Mission Ridge. The Ninth, having formed line of battle across the ridge, was attacked by a large force of the enemy, which had been driven by General Johnson's division, of the Fourteenth Army Corps, toward Rossville. At the time this attack was commenced my regiment was ascending the ridge, and was marching by the right flank diagonally across it. Receiving instructions from Colonel Grose, I immediately caused my regiment to march by the left flank, and to change front forward on the first company, which was rapidly executed, and quickly brought the regiment on a line of prolongation with the left of the Ninth Indiana. These movements were executed on the double-quick and under a heavy fire from the enemy, but the men moved rapidly forward and returned the fire from the enemy, but the men moved rapidly forward and returned the fire with effect, driving the enemy from their breastworks, with heavy loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners. In this manner the enemy were driven by the Fifty-ninth Illinois and the Ninth Indiana over a mile, and back upon the division of General Johnson, which was advancing along the ridge toward Rossville, who took them in hand, killing and capturing the most of them. It being now dark, and the ridge clear of the enemy, I moved back toward Rossville about half a mile and bivouacked for the night. On the 26th, the regiment was on the march in the direction of Ringgold in pursuit of the enemy, and continued the march until after midnight. The picket guard thrown out from my regiment captured 6 prisoners during the night, who were turned over by me to the brigade provost-marshal; these were in addition to 12 captured by the regiment while on the march.

On the 27th, moved into Ringgold, and was held in reserve, but under fire, during the storming of the heights at that place. On the evening of the 27th, engaged with the remainder of the brigade in a reconnaissance in the direction of Tunnel Hill. Remained in camp at Ringgold until the evening of November 30, when we marched 5 miles in the direction of the battle-field of Chickamauga and bivouacked.

December 1, marched on to the battle-field, and were employed until about 3 p.m. in the burial of our dead left on the field during the battle of the 19th and 20th of September; then marched beyond Rossville and bivouacked.

December 2, returned to camp at Whiteside's.

Great praise and credit are due the officers and men under my command for their uncomplaining patience and fortitude on the weary march and in comfortless bivouac, and for their dauntless courage and gallant conduct on the field of battle. Where all performed their whole duty so nobly and bravely, it would seem almost unjust to mention individual acts of bravery. Nevertheless, I deem it my duty to especially mention the gallant conduct of Privates Charles Crentz, Benjamin A. Griffith [who was wounded], George W. Canfield, Joel B. Holcomb, and Corpl. Richard Allen, of Company A; Privates Michael Kelley, William H. Beard, and James C. Still, of Company B, and Private James P. Woods, of Company E, in the battle of Lookout Mountain, and of Private Henry Twohous, Company C, who was engaged as a skirmisher at the battle on Mission

