
Ridge, and who pushed forward into the enemy's lines and returned with two rebel prisoners, with their arms and accouterments. To Captain James M. Stookey, who was an acting field officer, and to Adjt. George F. Clark, I was much indebted for valuable assistance and ready co-operation.

I herewith inclose a list of casualties.*

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CLAYTON HALE,

Major, Comdg. Fifty-ninth Regimental Illinois Infantry.

Captain SAMUEL WEST,

A. A. A. G., Third Brig., First Div., Fourth Army Corps.

No. 22.

Report of Colonel John E. Bennett, Seventy-fifth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-FIFTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Whiteside's, Tennessee, December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit to you the following report of the part taken by my command in the recent campaign since leaving this camp on November 23, 1863, to the present date:

In accordance with orders received from Colonel Grose, commanding Third Brigade, First Division, of the Fourth Army Corps, early on the morning of November 23, 1863, I moved with my command in the direction of Chattanooga, with orders to repair the road beyond the railroad tunnel, but finding the road blocked with a supply train it was impracticable to do. Consequently, I halted it, and awaited the arrival of the balance of the brigade. I then moved with them, and camped near Major-General Hooker's headquarters, about 2 miles from Chattanooga.

At 7 a.m. of the 24th, we marched to near the banks of Lookout Creek, which runs near the foot of Lookout Mountain. Here I formed line of battle in the rear of the Eighty-fourth Regiment Illinois Infantry, with orders from Colonel Grose to support their left. He also ordered me to send two companies to the railroad bridge on our right, with orders for them to take shelter behind the abutments. By his orders, I soon for them to take shelter behind the abutments. By his orders, I soon after sent two more companies across the railroad, which formed in line on the bank of the creek. These companies had orders to annoy the enemy as much as possible while the working party from the Thirty-sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers was repairing the bridge so that troops might cross. The six remaining companies of my command I had formed in line of battle, lying down immediately in rear of the Eighty-fourth Regiment Illinois Infantry. We maintained this position for some time. At about 11 a.m. I received orders from Brigadier-General Cruft, commanding First Division, Fourth Army Corps, to cross the creek at once. I immediately ordered the four companies at and beyond the railroad, who were under the command of Major Watson, to meet me with the balance of the regiment at the bridge. Upon arriving there I found that the bridge was not passable. I ordered my men to stack arms and bring timbers, when we, with a small detail from the Eighty-fourth Illinois Infantry, soon made it passable.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.80.

---------------

12 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

