
Regiment Illinois Infantry. At dark we could see the enemy's camp-fire not far distant. We were formed in position for battle, but not engaged. I then deployed three companies as skirmishers, and, with the balance of my regiment, moved up the hill past the enemy's deserted camp. At about 11 p.m. I placed my regiment in position for picket, commanding both sides of the Ringgold road, they being some distance in advance of the brigade.

About 1 a.m. of the 27th, we were aroused by firing on the picket line. My command was at once drawn up in line ready for an attack. After a few shots from our picket sentinels the rebel cavalry, which were advancing, wheeled and rode out of hearing. I then took Company A, under command of Captain Parker, and went in advance of the line some three-quarters of a mile and succeeded in capturing 2 prisoners, which were turned over to the brigade provost-marshal.

Soon after daylight we moved on toward Ringgold. As we came nearer the town the skirmishing increased until a regular engagement was had. We moved at a double-quick till we arrived in town, then halted. I soon received orders to move to the left and form a line of battle at the railroad track and shelter my men behind the embankments, where we remained until the enemy were driven from their position. At about 4 o'clock I received orders to move, the men to leave their camp equipage and blankets behind, to join the balance of the brigade, which was ordered to pursue the fleeing enemy, as far as practicable, which we did for about 4 miles, skirmishing with them some part of the distance, my regiment being in the advanced line. Having arrived at a church situated near the creek, Colonel Grose, commanding brigade, ordered a halt, where we remained until after dark, when he caused large and numerous fires to be built along the several lines of the brigade; after which we returned to camp, marching in line of battle until we reached the railroad bridge.

We remained in Ringgold until November 30, when we moved in the direction of the Chickamauga battle-field, and at dark bivouacked for the night.

December 1, 1863, we moved on to the battle-field. The most part of the day was engaged in burying the dead who fell on those memorable days, September 19 and 20, 1863, at the battle of Chickamauga. At about 3 o'clock we moved on, and encamped about 2 miles north of Rossville.

December 2, 1863, we resumed the line of march and arrived at this camp about 3 p.m., having had but 2 slightly wounded during the whole campaign.

The conduct of all the officers and men during the whole time was truly praiseworthy. All seemed to vie with each other to do their whole duty as patriots and soldiers.

The names of the prisoners I cannot give, as I immediately turned them over to the brigade provost-marshal, or sent them to the guard stationed at the bridge where we first crossed Lookout Creek.

Hoping that all future campaigns may be as successful, I am, captain, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. BENNETT,

Colonel Seventy-fifth Regiment Illinois Infantry.

Captain SAMUEL WEST,

A. A. A. G., Third Brig., First Div., Fourth Army Corps.

