
which sent them in confusion to their rear. I hastily threw over the broken bridge some poles, and in a few minutes had two skirmish companies across, which were followed by the Seventy-fifth Illinois, and they by the other companies of my command. My companies captured and sent 111 men and 4 lieutenants. They were taken from the rifle-pits and from behind the railroad embankment, where they had been kept by the vigilance of the skirmishers and sharpshooters of the Eighty-fourth and Seventy-fifth Illinois. These prisoners were turned over to the provost-marshal, First Division, Fourth Army Corps, and receipt taken therefor.

Leaving at the creek Company B, commanded by Captain Scott, and Company G, commanded by Lieutenant Miller, of Company D, to complete the bridge, we proceeded along the Chattanooga road to the crest of Lookout Slope, where we took position as follows, under the personal direction of Major-General Hooker: The Seventy-fifth Illinois was pushed forward and far in advance of our lines upon the mountain side, and until it entirely uncovered the crossing of Chattanooga Creek, thus enabling re-enforcements to reach us from Chattanooga without molestation. colonel Bennett's skirmishers were within 200 yards of the mountain road leading from Summertown to Chattanooga. The Eighty-fourth Illinois was posted in rear of the Seventy-fifth, and a little in advance of General Osterhaus' front line. Being the only regiment upon this road, occupying a very important position, men and officers worked with a will in each command, and in a little while each regiment had constructed substantial works of logs and stone. Early on the following morning, by direction of Major-General Hooker, I made a reconnaissance with the two regiments out into the valley, and had the pleasure of reporting that the enemy had beaten a hasty retreat. In the second valley we captured a rebel camp, its guard of 15 men, a number of tents, 3 boxes of arms, and 1 box of rebel clothing. Leaving a guard over them, we returned to the positions we had occupied during the night, and at about 8 o'clock rejoined our brigade and moved with it to Rossville.

In the fight on Missionary Ridge my regiment was in the second line and immediately in the rear of the Ninth Indiana, but did not have an opportunity to participate, as the gallant Ninth monopolized the entire affair.

From Missionary Ridge, on the 26th, we moved to and encamped on Taylor's Ridge, near Ringgold, and on the following morning we moved to the town, and during the engagement at that place were in position along the railroad, but were not engaged. On the evening of the same day we proceeded with the brigade, my command having the advance, on a reconnaissance down the Dalton road. The enemy having fired the railroad bridge over the Middle Chickamauga, we were much annoyed in crossing this stream. As we neared Catoosa Platform, a station on the Atlanta road, the enemy's skirmishers posted along the opposite bank of the Chickamauga, which here ran parallel with our front, opened upon us a lively fire. I immediately deployed three companies to cover our flank, having two already deployed covering our front, and pushed my line at double-quick to the creek, followed by the Thirty-sixth Indiana and the remaining companies of my regiment in line. The enemy's skirmishers fell back to a wooded hill beyond our range, and rejoined what appeared to be their rear guard. The bridge at this place having been fired and unsafe to pass, I reported the same to Colonel Grose, who directed

