
me to hold my position while he moved the other regiments of his command to the left. The enemy, doubtless believing from the vigorous manner in which Colonel Grose pushed forward, that our army was advancing, attempted to make dispositions to repel our advance, judging from the efforts of rebel officers to rally their men, whose commands were distinctly heard. In the station house we found 18 rebel and 2 Federal wounded. The latter were placed in the ambulance of the Thirty-sixth Indiana. The others were left, as we had no means of moving them to Ringgold. They were all severely wounded, and had been left by the enemy without any provision for their care. Their curses upon their former friends were both loud and deep. Late in the evening we returned with the brigade to Ringgold, delighted with the results of the campaign and proud of the part taken by the old Third Brigade.

During the entire affair my command behaved to my entire satisfaction. Captain Scott, Company B; Captain Nelson, Company F, and Lieutenant Miller, commanding Company G, with their companies, are entitled to much credit for the construction of a bridge across Lookout Creek. Major Cox and Adjutant Caswell were constantly at their posts, and prompt in the discharge of every duty. Captain Brooks, brigade inspector, was with me during the 24th, and rendered me much valuable assistance.

We captured 130 prisoners, including 4 lieutenants, and near 250 small-arms. Those in boxes were turned over to Lieutenant Croxton, ordnance officer, First Division, Fourth Army Corps.

In the affair of the 24th I lost 3 men, severely wounded, and had 1 severely wounded on Missionary Ridge on the 25th ultimo.

Below I append a particular list of the casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. H. WATERS,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain SAMUEL WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.

[Inclosure A.]
HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL HOOKER, November 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General CRUFT, Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Hooker directs that as soon as the enemy are started, our forces pursue to the crest of Lookout Slope only, where the lines will be formed. Pursue no farther than the crest without further orders. The bridges are to be made perfect after the troops have passed.

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,Major-General, Chief of Staff.

[Inclosure B.]

NOVEMBER 24, 1863-11 a.m.

Colonel WATERS,

Commanding:

Have a sufficiency of poles cut and ready to place on the bridge in your front. The attack will be made by Generals Geary, Woods,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.80.

---------------

