
the hill, which was over 50, found the troops on my left, delivered my message to them informing them of my position on their right and front, and rejoined his regiment in safety, assuring me that my position was made known to the troops on my left. At this time, finding my ammunition about exhausted and my men greatly fatigued from working with the train the previous night until 12 o'clock, I sent him to Colonel Grose to inform him that my men were nearly out of ammunition, and that I wished to be relieved by some fresh troops that had had the comforts of camp the previous night. After waiting until the last round was fired, which was taken from the wounded and dead of my regiment, and the enemy still keeping up a continual fire upon my regiment, it being near 8 p.m., I sent Major Carter to see Colonel Grose and inform him as to the condition of my regiment, and ascertain if it could be relieved, so as to have some ammunition brought forward. At half past 8 p.m. I was relieved by the Thirty-sixth Indiana, and moved my regiment back to the open fields near the white house, and camped for the night. My loss up to this time was 1 [private] killed and 15 enlisted men wounded.

On the morning of the 25th, I received an order from Colonel Grose to send some 20 men under charge of an officer to the top of the mountain and feel the enemy, and see if he still held his position. Some 30 men volunteered for the expedition, and Colonel Grose consented that I might take charge of the expedition myself. After ascending part of the way up the hill with 30 men and my color-guard and colors, I beheld the Stars and Stripes planted upon the craggy rocks by the gallant troops of General Whitaker's brigade, when my party descended the hill and joined their regiment after showing their brigade commander that their will was good in trying to be the first to plant their banner upon the summit.

About 11 a.m. we were again on the march toward the foot of the mountain on the road leading toward Rossville, and arrived at the base of Missionary Ridge near 4 p.m. and commenced ascending the hill by the flank, being the advance regiment in the brigade, General Cruft and staff and Colonel Grose and staff riding in front of my regiment. As soon as they gained the top of the ridge the enemy's skirmishers opened fire upon them, scattering portions of the cavalry escort down through the ranks of my regiment. I promptly threw forward my two first companies as skirmishers and changed front forward on third company, and moved forward to the top of the ridge where the enemy had checked the advance of my skirmishers. As soon as my regiment gained the top of the ridge his line of battle opened fire upon me. Without allowing my regiment to fire a shot from its line, I ordered bayonets to be fixed and my regiment to charge their position at a double-quick, which was gallantly carried. As soon as I had gained the desired point, I ordered a volley to be fired into their broken and fleeing ranks. At this point we captured some 50 prisoners, also killing and wounding a large number of their men. Soon my men had reloaded their guns, and the enemy by this time had rallied his broken ranks behind some breastworks 300 yards in his rear and opened fire on my regiment. Seeing the reserves come up over the brow of the hill, I ordered my regiment to charge their second breastworks, which were carried by storm. At this point my regiment captured some 200 prisoners, which I turned over to the regiment on my right, not wishing to break my line of battle to send them to the rear. As

