
I expected he would make another stand, I pushed forward some 200 yards farther, and captured some 20 more prisoners. At this point we killed some 10 or 12 of his men, and wounded some 30. Here I received orders to halt my regiment until the reserves came up. When they came up we pushed forward about a mile, and, finding no enemy, we camped for the night. In this actio I lost 1 private killed, 2 privates mortally wounded, and 5 enlisted men wounded, and 1 lieutenant slightly wounded.

On the morning of the 26th, we took up our line of march for Ringgold, where we arrived on the morning of the 27th at 10 a.m., and witnessed a severe skirmish between the troops of Generals Geary and Osterhaus' divisions and two brigades of the enemy posted on Taylor's Ridge. After the enemy was driven from his position, my regiment, with the brigade, went into camp. About 3 p.m. my regiment, with the brigade, was ordered out on a reconnaissance some 3 miles on the road leading to Tunnel Hill. Finding no enemy near us in force, we returned to camp. Drs. Sherman and Gilmore, my surgeon and assistant surgeon, were at their posts discharging with fidelity their duty. The officers and men of my regiment conducted themselves with the greatest gallantry during the several engagements of Lookout Mountain and Missionary Ridge, and they have the warmest thanks of their regimental commander therefor.*

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

I. C. B. SUMAN,

Colonel Ninth Indiana.

Captain SAMUEL WEST,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 25.

Report of Maj. Gilbert Trusler, Thirty-sixth Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-SIXTH INDIANA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Whiteside's, Tennessee, December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by the Thirty-sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers during the recent battles of Lookout Mountain, Missionary Ridge, Pigeon Ridge, and Ringgold:

On the morning of the 23rd ultimo, we took up our line of march with the brigade, moving a distance of 10 miles over bad roads, bivouacking for the night near General Hooker's headquarters and opposite Lookout Mountain. At daybreak on the 24th, my regiment moved in direction of Lookout Mountain at a point where a bridge had been burned by the enemy over Lookout Creek. This I was ordered to rebuild, and detailed Companies I, D, G, and F to do the work, which they were unable to perform in consequence of the raking fire of the enemy over the bridge, and our skirmishers were unable to drive them away. After waiting about two hours, we then moved to the rear and around some fortified hills that concealed our movements, and up the creek to a point where another bridge had been constructed, where we crossed and moved in line of battle directly up the slope of mountain; halted near the white house. Although the march was fatiguing and almost unreasonable, my men

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties [omitted] embodied in revised statement, p.80.

---------------

