
Corps, under command of Major Osborn. These were placed in position, one on Bushy Knob; the other in a small lunette, which I had previously constructed.

Shortly after this disposition had been made the division of General Wood passed my left flank on its reconnaissance, attacked the enemy's pickets, drove in their line, and took possession of Orchard Knob. Wagner's brigade followed up the movement en echelon with Wood's right, Harker moving forward en echelon with Wagner's right, and Sherman following in reserve. In this forward move the skirmishers of Wagner and Harker encountered those of the enemy and drove them in. After the two brigades had reached a slight ridge on the front, 300 yards in advance, they were halted, and, by direction of Major-General Thomas, a line of rifle-pits was constructed covering the front, making the position a very strong one.

Shortly after dark, General Wood, feeling uneasy about his right flank, by direction of General Granger, I moved closer to him, at the same time ordering Battery G, Fourth Artillery, to a position on the left of Wagner, so as to give entire security to General Wood's right. Strong lines of pickets had already been thrown out on my front, and I advanced scouts to watch any movements of the enemy during the night.

Next morning and next day found me in the above described line, without any inconvenience, except being at several times subjected to a very heavy artillery fire from rebel batteries on Mission Ridge.

During the day I was joined by Captain Guenther's battery, Fourth [Fifth] Artillery, which I placed on Bushy Knob.

On the morning of the 25th, I directed Colonel Harker to drive in the rebel pickets on my front, so as to enable me to prolong my line of battle on that of General Wood's, the necessity of refusing my right having been obviated by the capture of Lookout Mountain. The enemy's pickets retired without resistance, and Wagner, Harker, and Sherman were advanced on the prolongation of Wood's line, and lay down upon their arms in front of Mission Ridge. Battery G, Fourth Artillery, was moved to a position in front of Wagner's left, and Guenther's battery to a position in front of Harker's center. I would here state that the division of General Baird had been moved from my right during the morning.

Shortly after this disposition had been completed, about 2 p.m., orders were received from General Granger to prepare to carry the enemy's rifle-pits at the base of Mission Ridge, to report when ready, and that the signal for attack would be six guns fired from Orchard Knob in quick succession. I had few changes to make. Wagner was in two lines, connecting with Wood's right; Harker also on two lines, and closed on Wagner. Sherman I had directed to form with his brigade a column of attack, with a front of three regiments, and to throw out a heavy line of skirmishers on his front, covering the right flank of his column, as the troops on my right did not close on to me or were en echelon. Wagner and Harker were also directed to cover their fronts with heavy lines.

After this disposition for attack had been made, my right rested some distance to the right of Moore's road; my left joined Wood well over toward Orchard Knob.

A small stream of water ran parallel to my front. The center of my division was opposite to Thurman's house, on Mission Ridge, the headquarters of General Bragg. The ground in my front was,

