
ridge could be taken, to do so. My judgment was that it could be carried, and orders were given accordingly, obeyed with a cheer, and the ridge was carried. The right and right center reached the summit first, being nearest to the crest, crossing it to the right of General Bragg's headquarters.

The contest was still maintained for a few minutes, the enemy driven from their guns, and the battery captured. Two of the pieces taken were designated, respectively, "Lady Buckner" and "Lady Breckinridge." The adjutant-generals of Generals Breckinridge and Bate, and many other staff officers, were taken prisoners, the generals themselves barely escaping, General Bragg having left but a few moments before. The whole division had now reached the crest. The enemy was retiring, but had a well-organized line covering his retreat.

His disorganized troops, a large wagon train, and several pieces of artillery could be distinctly seen fleeing through the valley below within a distance of half a mile.

I at once directed Wagner and Harker to press their rear guard, and capture the wagon train and artillery if possible. The right of Wagner's and the left of Harker's brigade moved along the road leading to Chickamauga Station [Moore's road], their brigades being deployed to the left and right of the road.

Both brigades skirmished with the enemy in this advance. Wagner's brigade drove the enemy from, and took nine pieces of artillery. On reaching a point about 1 mile from Missionary Ridge, the road ran on a high, formidable ridge, on which the enemy had posted eight pieces of artillery, supported by a heavy force, notwithstanding which, these gallant brigades, without artillery, did not hesitate to attack him.

I immediately rode toward the front, and met a staff officer of Colonel Wood, commanding "demi-brigade," who informed me that the command was hard pressed, and that two regiments were on the left of the road with captured artillery. I repaired at once to the regiments, Twenty-sixth Ohio and Fifteenth Indiana, and ordered them to advance, at the same time hastening forward myself to the front, where I found Colonel Wood contending bravely against overwhelming numbers of the enemy, his men clinging to the face of the hill, as they had done but a few hours before on Mission Ridge. It was dusk, and the two regiments above referred to were about flanking the enemy, but in order to accomplish this a high bluff, where the ridge on the left terminated, had to be carried. General Wagner here joined me, and I designated to him the point to be carried, and directed him to accompany the regiments in person. Colonel Harker, who had also joined me, was directed to push forward the "demi-brigade," of Colonel Opdycke, on the right.

But a few moments elapsed ere the Twenty-sixth Ohio and Fifteenth Indiana carried the crest.

When the head of the column reached the summit of the hill, the moon rose from behind, and a medallion view of the column was disclosed as it crossed the moon's disk and attacked the enemy, who, outflanked on the left and right, fled, leaving two pieces of artillery and many wagons. This was a gallant little fight. While we were thus pushing the enemy and forcing him to abandon his artillery, wagons, and stores, the division of General Wood remained on Mission Ridge, constructing rifle-pits, and General Hazen and his brigade

