
employed themselves in collecting the artillery from which we had driven the enemy, and have claimed it their capture. General Wood, in his report to General Thomas of artillery taken, claims many pieces which were the prizes of my division, and when told by me that the report was untruthful, replied "that it was based upon the report of General Hazen, who, perhaps, will in time base his on those of the regiments." But whether Wood, Hazen, regimental or company commanders are responsible, the report is untrue. Eleven of these guns were gleaned from the battle-field and appropriated while I was pushing the enemy on to Chickamauga Station.

I beg pardon for this unpleasant digression. After the ridge was captured General Wagner and Colonel Harker went into bivouac.

About 12 o'clock at night, being ordered with my division to press the enemy, I drove him over Chickamauga Creek, capturing very many prisoners, caissons, limbers, and wagons; also a large quantity of artillery, ammunition, and small-arms. I reached the creek at about 2 o'clock of the morning of the 26th of November, and in the afternoon of the same day returned to camp at Chattanooga, and was ordered to prepare to march on Knoxville to raise the siege.

To recur again to the assault on Missionary Ridge and the positions taken for the attack, I would make mention of the most terrible cross-fire of artillery and musketry to which my troops were subjected for a distance of at least 1 1/8 miles, while in and emerging from the timber, and during the time occupied in crossing the open plain to the first line of rifle-pits. In justice to my gallant officers and men, I must say that their conduct was more than heroic. It was the prompting of a brave heart in a just cause, and an inspiration caused by the sight of the old flag which had been borne by them through many battles. The gallant color bearers, officers and men, who planted their flags upon Mission Ridge are the true heroes of the battle.

In giving praise I cannot, nor will our country, forget that 123 officers and 1,179 men of this division bathed the face of Missionary Ridge with their loyal blood. The living have a monument, the dead a glorious grave in the National Cemetery in the Valley of Chattanooga, at the base of Mission Ridge.

I am pleased to recommend to the attention of the major-general commanding, and to my country, General G. D. Wagner and Colonels Harker and Sherman, commanding, respectively, the Second, Third, and First Brigades. Colonels Harker and Sherman accompanied the colors of their regiments, and inspired the men by their coolness and gallant bearing. I take great pleasure in recommending these officers for promotion to brigadier-generals, a position which they have fairly won on this and other fields, and which they are fully qualified by ability and long experience to fill. Of Colonels Laiboldt, Second Missouri; Miller, Thirty-sixth Illinois; Wood, Fifteenth Indiana; Walworth, Forty-second Illinois; Opdycke, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, each of whom commanded demi-brigades, I would say much in approbation; they are well worthy of any compliment their country can confer.

Of the regimental commanders, Colonel Jaquess, Seventy-third Illinois; Barrett, Forty-fourth Illinois; Marsh, Seventy-fourth Illinois; Conrad, Fifteenth Missouri; Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, Eighty-eighth Illinois; Olson, Thirty-sixth Illinois; Beck, Second Missouri; Colonels Dunlap, Third Kentucky; Buckner, Seventy-ninth Illinois;

