
McIlvain, Sixty-fourth Ohio; Miles, Twenty-seventh Illinois; Lieutenant-Colonel Bullitt, Sixty-fifth Ohio; Swanwick, Twenty-second Illinois; Major Davis and Captain Tilton, Fifty-first Illinois; Captain Swain, Forty-second Illinois; Major Davidson, Seventy-third Illinois; Lieutenant-Colonel Neff, Fortieth Indiana; Moore, Fifty-eighth Indiana; Barnes, Ninety-seventh Ohio; Young, Twenty-sixth Ohio; Major Hammond, One hundredth illinois; Major White, Fifteenth Indiana, many of whom were wounded, I would speak in the highest praise. By their brilliant example, at the heads of their respective regiments, men were inspired to the perfection of deeds of valor and heroism.

To the skirmish line, composed of the Eighty-eighth Illinois, Fifty-seventh Indiana, and Forty-second Illinois, great credit is due for the gallant manner in which it charged the enemy's lines. Lieutenant-Colonel Lennard, Fifty-seventh Indiana, Major Sherman, Thirty-sixth Illinois, and Captain Swain, Forty-second Illinois, in charge of the skirmishers of their respective brigades, are brave and efficient officers and well deserving of promotion. With such officers to lead success is inevitable.

In my special mentions must be included Captain Guenther, commanding a battery, temporarily assigned to me, and also the officers of Battery G, Fourth Artillery, to whom I am indebted for valuable services rendered, and regret that I am unable to particularize by name.

I wish also to bring to the notice of the major-general commanding the officers of my staff, my aides, Captain J. S. Ransom, Lieutenants Frank H. Allen, M. V. Sheridan, and T. W. C. Moore, my faithful assistants; assiduous in the discharge of their duties, always ready and prompt to carry orders. Surg. D. J. Griffiths, medical director; Captain George Lee, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Warren P. Edgarton, chief of artillery; Captain W. L. Mallory, commissary of subsistence; Captain P. U. Schmitt, acting assistant quartermaster; Maj. Francis Mohrhardt, topographical engineer; Captain H. N. Snyder, commissary of musters, all of whom discharged their duties with fidelity.

In summing up, I make the following statement of casualties: Officers killed, 12; men killed, 119; aggregate, 131. Officers wounded, 111; men wounded, 1,060; aggregate, 1,171. Men missing, 2. Total officers killed, wounded, and missing, 123. Total men killed, wounded, and missing, 1,131. Grand aggregate, 1,304.*

The following captures were made by my division: Seventeen pieces of artillery. Six of these, with caissons complete, were turned over and receipts obtained therefor. The eleven were hauled off the field and appropriated, as heretofore mentioned, while the division was pushing the enemy back on Chickamauga Creek.

The number of prisoners taken are as follows: First Brigade, 470; Second Brigade, 762; Third Brigade, 530; in all, 1,762.+

I have the honor to be, colonel, your obedient servant,

P. H. SHERIDAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.81.

+Map accompanying this report will appear in the Atlas.

---------------

13 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

