
yards. The other regiments of my brigade were moved to the right and rear of the line, when they were formed in the following order, in four lines, as follows:

First line: Forty-fourth, Thirty-sixth, and Seventy-third Illinois, Colonel Barrett commanding.

Second line: Eighty-eighth Illinois and Twenty-fourth Wisconsin, Colonel Miller commanding.

Third line: Twenty-second Indiana, Colonel Gooding commanding.

Fourth line: Second Missouri, Fifteenth Missouri, and Seventy-fourth Illinois, Colonel Laiboldt commanding.

With a heavy line of skirmishers on my front and flank, under command of Major Sherman, Thirty-sixth Illinois, whom I commend to the general commanding.

At 2.30 p.m. I received instructions from General Sheridan in person to hold the brigade in readiness to advance and assault the enemy's works at the base of Mission Ridge at a signal which would be given from Orchard Knob by the firing of six guns at intervals of two seconds.

At 3 p.m. the signal guns were fired, and the brigade moved forward, in conjunction with other troops of the division, in quick time, through the timber to the open plain beyond, which lay in front of the enemy's works.

The troops at this point, taking the double-quick step by order, swept across the open ground under a most terrific fire of artillery and musketry with unbroken ranks, and cleared the first line of the enemy's works at the point of the bayonet, taking many prisoners. After a brief halt for breath, the order to advance and carry the second line of works, behind which the enemy had rallied, was received by the troops with a cheer, and gallantly did they do their work as they dashed on through the storm of iron and lead hurled against them by our foes. In ten minutes' time the works were taken as before, the enemy, with broken ranks, retiring in confusion up the slope of the ridge to their third line, upon the crest. The troops, being much exhausted by their rapid advance and hard fighting, rested a few minutes behind the parapets of the rebel works of the second line, gathering their energies for the last and final advance to the third line, upon the crest of the ridge. From the second line the hill rises abruptly to an angle of nearly 40, and was covered by fallen timber and brush, which made the ascent very difficult and fatiguing. Again the order to advance was responded to with cheers, the colors, borne by their brave and gallant bearers, taking the lead, each bearer wishing to be the first to place the banner of his regiment upon the last of the rebel works. Slowly and surely we pressed up the hill, overcoming all obstacles, defying the enemy in his efforts to check our determined advance. Officers and men alike vied with each other in deeds of gallantry and bravery, cheering one another on to the goal for which we were contending. In this manner we gradually worked our way to the summit, over the rugged sides of the ridge, every foot being contested by the enemy. Rocks were thrown upon our men when the musket ceased to be of use, but to no purpose. When within 10 yards of the crest our men seemed to be thrown forward as if by some powerful engine, and the old flag was planted firmly and surely on the last line of works of the enemy, followed by the men taking one battery of artillery. The battle was won and Mission Ridge was taken,

