
while the enemy fled in great disorder from before our victorious troops, who took whole companies of the rebels prisoners.

The brigade was reformed, the ranks being broken in the ascent of the ridge, and bivouacked for the night on the crest of Missionary Ridge. At 12 midnight we were, by order of the general commanding, marched on the road to Bird's Mill about 1 1/2 miles in pursuit, and halted until 11 a.m. of the 26th, when we were moved to the Chickamauga Creek. At 4 p.m. orders were received to return to our old camp at Chattanooga, at which place we arrived at 6 p.m.

To Colonels Laiboldt, Second Missouri, and Miller, of the Thirty-sixth Illinois, I am indebted for their untiring exertions and gallantry they displayed in encouraging and leading their respective commands to the assault, and by their example aiding in the successful termination of the battle.

I take great pleasure in calling the attention of the general commanding to their distinguished services. I also recommend to the general commanding, for favorable notice, Colonel Jaquess, Seventy-third Illinois; Colonel Barrett, Forty-fourth Illinois; Colonel Marsh, Seventy-fourth Illinois; Colonel Conrad, Fifteenth Missouri; Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, Eighty-eighth Illinois; Lieutenant-Colonel Beck, Second Missouri, for meritorious conduct and cool courage they displayed in the action, each one leading his regiment in the assault until the ridge was taken, and by their example encouraging and inspiring their men with confidence to deeds of bravery and valor.

I take this opportunity to make favorable mention of the officers attached to the brigade staff-Captain B. Carroll, Lieutenant John M. Turnbull, Lieutenant N. P. Jackson, and Lieutenant Morse, Twenty-first Michigan, acting assistant adjutant-general-for the prompt and cool manner they executed orders intrusted to them.

Herewith find copies of official reports of the regimental commanders of this brigade, together with a list of casualties sustained by the brigade in the battle.*

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, yours,

F. T. SHERMAN,

Colonel Eighty-eighth Illinois Infty. Volunteers, Comdg. Brigade.

Lieutenant T. W. C. MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 29.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Porter C. Olson, Thirty-sixth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-SIXTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS Volunteers, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 28, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, to furnish a statement of the part taken by the Thirty-sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteers in the late action near Chattanooga, Tennessee, I have the honor to make the following report:

At 12 m., November 23, 1863, the Thirty-sixth Illinois took position to the left of the Ringgold road, the right resting at the well

---------------

*Casualties embodied in revised statement, p.81.

---------------

