
of Warner's house; the left joining the right of the Twenty-fourth Wisconsin, and fronting east. I took this position by order of Colonel Miller, he being assigned to the command of four regiments of the first line. At 2 p.m. I moved the regiment forward with the rest of the line 200 yards. At 5 p.m., in compliance with orders from Colonel Sherman, the Thirty-sixth Illinois went forward into the timber, our right joining the left of the Seventy-third Illinois. Details from the regiment were set to work erecting barricades, and here we remained during the night.

At 3 o'clock on the morning of the 24th November, as directed by General Sheridan, the Thirty-sixth Illinois was moved about 500 yards to the left of the road, and joining Colonel Harker's brigade. Colonel Barrett reported to me that he had been directed to take command of the three regiments of the First Brigade that were in the front line, the Thirty-sixth being one of them.

We were not engaged with the enemy during the day; remained here through the night. On the morning of the 25th November, at 10 o'clock, as ordered by Colonel Barrett, I sent forward three companies to be deployed as skirmishers [A, B, and F]. These companies were placed under command of Major Sherman of this regiment. At 1 p.m., in compliance with orders from Colonel Sherman [my brigade commander], the Thirty-sixth was advanced to the first line of the enemy's works, about three-fourths of a mile from the foot of Missionary Ridge, my regiment forming a part of the front line.

At 2.30 p.m. Colonel Sherman directed that at a given signal I should move forward, as the whole line would advance at that time. The signal was soon given; the Thirty-sixth advanced with the front line; at the distance of one-fourth of a mile we emerged upon an open field stretching to the foot of the ridge. We moved across this field on the double-quick, our ranks meantime being plowed by shot and shell. Upon our approach the enemy fled in hasty retreat to the top of the ridge, from which place it was now evident they intended to make their defense. Upon reaching the first line of the enemy's works, near the foot of the hill, we halted for a minute or so to catch breath. I then ordered the regiment forward to the second line of works. The hill-side was now being swept with a merciless storm of grape and canister. Showers of musketry were hurled through our ranks, to which our men replied with great vigor and accuracy. Having reached the second line of works on the hill-side [being the third from where we started], again we halted for a short time. These moments of rest were faithfully employed in delivering the enemy a deadly fire. Again I ordered the regiment to advance. They obeyed with alacrity; thus we ascended the hill, halting occasionally a moment to deliver our fire and obtain a little rest, for the speed with which we had made the long charge-the men carrying 80 rounds of ammunition with accouterments of a soldier-had nearly exhausted them.

The hill was steep and rugged; the fire from the enemy was incessant; in many places they were strongly posted behind barricades of logs, rails, or stones; but, notwithstanding all the difficulties under which we labored, we reached the summit of the hill in less than an hour and a half from the time the charge commenced. As we arrived at the summit of the hill the enemy fled in great confusion; the rout was complete. In connection with other regiments of this brigade, we assisted in capturing several pieces of artillery, a number

