
of caissons, and a great quantity of small-arms, for which I am sure that my superior officers will award a full share of credit to the gallant officers and men under my command. We went into bivouac upon the ridge near the house known as Bragg's headquarters.

At 1 o'clock on the morning of the 26th November, by order of Colonel Miller, the Thirty-sixth Illinois moved in pursuit of the enemy with the rest of the brigade upon the road toward Chickamauga Station. On the afternoon of the same day we returned with the brigade to Chattanooga.

Throughout the entire engagement the officers and men under my command behaved with the greatest gallantry and coolness. Though they have conducted themselves bravely and nobly on former fields, it seems to me that on this occasion the regiment has added a new and brighter luster to their already good name and well-earned laurels. I do not know that they exceeded the men of other regiments in this action, for all seemed to vie with one another in deeds of daring; but this I do believe, that their conduct for bravery and almost superhuman exertion has never been surpassed in any army. Their names will be held in remembrance by a grateful country.

It is impossible to mention specially, within the short space allowed for this report, the names of all who behaved nobly. I cannot, however, omit to mention the gallant conduct of Maj. George D. Sherman; much is due to the bravery with which he exposed his own life wherever he was needed. I desire also to thank Adjt. Charles t. Case for the efficiency with which he assisted me in managing the regiment; his conduct was exceedingly praiseworthy. The line officers conducted themselves in the most praiseworthy manner. I mention the names of the company commanders: Captain Merrill, Company I; Captain McNeal, Company C; Captain Biddulph, Company K; Captain Cass, Company D; Captain Mossman, Company F; Lieutenant Salisbury, Company A; Lieutenant Barstow, Company G; Lieutenant Haslehurst, commanding Company B; their bravery and coolness were manifested in every part of the regiment.

Of the conduct of the enlisted men the facts stated in this report form a more brilliant compliment than any other that could be given. I must, however, mention the name of the flag bearer, Private William R. Fall, of Company C, for bravery. He can have no superior; he was among the first to reach the summit and wave the Stars and Stripes in the face of the enemy.

It is not for me to comment upon the conduct of my superiors, but I desire to state that the conduct of Colonel Miller, of this regiment, was especially conspicuous for gallantry; he rode along the line exposing himself with the most perfect coolness, directing, encouraging, and urging forward the exhausted men of whatever regiment he found. I make this statement as an acknowledgment of his assistance, not that anything I could say would add to his high reputation.

To this report I append a list of casualties.*

Your obedient servant,

PORTER C. OLSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Thirty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, Comdg. Regiment

Lieutenant NIEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.81.

---------------

