
carried the ridge. We lay that night in line of battle, and at about 1 a.m. of the 26th, we moved a short distance down the valley on the other side of Missionary Ridge, and at 11 a.m. of the same day we moved still farther down the valley. At about 4 p.m. of the same day we returned to camp. The officers, men, and all behaved splendidly, and exerted themselves to the utmost to make the movement a success. I desire to make especial mention of Abraham Loring, a private of Company H, for his bravery in taking the fallen colors and planting them first upon the ridge, and Benedict Waldvogel, a private, Company A, who, by killing a rebel captain, caused the capture of an entire company of the enemy. I transmit herewith a list of casualties sustained by the regiment in the charge upon Missionary Ridge.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

W. W. BARRETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant A. NIEMAN,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Second Div., Fourth Army Corps.

No. 31.

Report of Colonel James F. Jaquess, Seventy-third Illinois Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Chattanooga, November 27, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the engagement of the 25th:

There seemed to be a perfect confidence among officers and men in the success of the move to be made; hence the order for forward was received with unusual joy and delight. In making the charge across the valley and up Mission Ridge the regiment was in the front, with the Forty-fourth Illinois on the right and the Thirty-sixth Illinois on the left. There was no faltering. When we reached the first rifle-pits, we halted but for a moment to take breath; having advanced on the run for about 1 mile, the men were quite exhausted. It required but a few moments, however, till they were ready for the "forward." On we charged, passing the second line of works, dealing death to the flying foe. The ascent from here to the top of the hill was difficult. The fallen trees, rocks, and underbrush, though impeding our progress, afforded us some protection, and over these we climbed under the flying missiles of the foe, eager to plant our colors on the top of the ridge. We were among the first that reached the goal.

I have no language equal to the task of expressing my admiration of the courage and noble daring of my officers and men. To make special mention of any would seem to do injustice to others, but I must be allowed to speak of a few cases of special note.

Lieutenant-Colonel Davidson was wounded at the first rifle-pit, after having heroically and bravely cheered the men through the storm of shot and shell that was poured out on us as we crossed the open field in reaching the enemy's first works. He was ordered to the rear. Captain Bennett, in charge of Companies A, B, and F,
---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.81.

---------------

