
deployed as skirmishers, assisted by Captain Cross, of Company A, and Lieutenant Patten, of Company B, did a work that entitles them and their man to lasting praise and honor. Captain Kyger, of Company C, for gallantry in pushing forward the colors, Captain Morgan, of company H, and Lieutenant Wolgemuth, of the same company, Lieutenant Bodman, commanding Company D, and Lieutenant Van Winkle, commanding Company K, deserve great praise for courage and promptness in pushing forward their respective companies.

Lieutenant Tilton, Adjutant Wilmer, and Sergeant-Major Garrett, my special assistants, after Lieutenant-Colonel Davidson was wounded did noble service.

Captain Burroughs, of Company E, deserves special mention, he being the only captain remaining of those present at the organization of the regiment. Captain Burroughs has been in every fight, and has displayed coolness and courage which has won the admiration of all. Corporal Hasty, the bravest of the brave, who carried the colors, has won for himself, his cause, and his country everlasting honors, and no officer or soldier in this or any other part of the army deserves more praise than Corporal Hasty. He will be rewarded with promotion in his company. His associates in the color guard did nobly.

The Seventy-third Illinois captured more prisoners in number than there were men in the regiment. The casualties, in the regiment were 23 privates wounded, some 2 or 3 of them mortally.

The Seventy-third Regiment Illinois Volunteers has lost many valuable men since in entered the service, but is still ready for any emergency of march or battle. We are ready to do or suffer.

I have the honor to be, yours, truly,

JAMES F. JAQUESS,

Colonel Seventy-third Illinois Infantry Volunteers.

Colonel F. T. SHERMAN,

Comdg. First Brig., Second Div., Fourth Army Corps.

No. 32.

Report of Colonel Jason Marsh, Seventy-fourth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Chattanooga, November 25, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor, in compliance with order of this morning, to report that on the afternoon of the 23rd instant my command moved with the brigade from camp directly to the front about half a mile, remaining with slight change of position until about 3 p.m. of the 25th instant, when the brigade was placed in line of battle, consisting of three lines. My command was placed in the rear of the extreme right of the third line of the division, and continued in that position until we reached the first line of the enemy's rifle-pits. Having had but little experience in such scenes, I am unable to describe the character of our advance over the last 100 or 150 rods to this line, better than to say that it was done amid an uninterrupted hail-storm of shells, canister, grape, and musketry, perfectly

