
terrific, yet apparently exciting no terror; certainly not causing a man to flinch, or turn back. But as the different lines reached the rifle-pits the men dropped promiscuously into the ditch as a shelter from the enemy's fire, while they could get a moment's rest from the complete exhaustion caused by the rapid double-quick march for nearly a mile. After a very brief rest, and effort was made to move the men forward, which it was found a very difficult thing to do. The long, steep ascent in front covered with the enemy, the top lined with numerous batteries and breastworks, was well calculated to appall the stoutest hearts. It was, therefore, not strange that men required much urging to induce them to brave the danger. My efforts were directed entirely to the officers and men of my command to move them forward, irrespective of the previous order of the lines or of the movement of other regiments, and in this effort I was zealously and efficiently assisted by many of the officers of my command. I should fail to do justice and to give a true statement of what transpired were I here to omit to record the fact that the colors of my regiment first advanced over these works, ably sustained by the officers and men, and steadily kept the advance until planted on the enemy's breastworks at the crest of the hill. The entire charge up the hill was pretty much every man on his own hook, without regard to regiments or companies, and I do not mean that officers and men of other commands were not promiscuously mixed with my command in the entire charge up the hill, but I insist the fact to be that my regiment was there in more force than any other regiment, and I think I should not go beyond the truth were I to say than the entire brigade, so far at least as concerned the advance. The first on the enemy's works, and almost simultaneously, were Lieutenant Clement, Company A; Captain Stegner, Company I; Captain Bacon, Company G; Captain Leffingwell, with some of their men. The enemy was still in considerable force behind their works, but for some unaccountable reason they either fled our surrendered instantly the first few of our men reaching them, not even trying to defend their battery, which was immediately captured by Captain Stegner. As further evidence of the fact I have insisted on, in forming a line on the ridge within a very few minutes after the enemy had left, and for the purpose of immediate pursuit, there were but 2 men absent from Company A and 1 man from Company I, besides those wounded. It is not a matter of opinion, but a fixed fact, that no other companies in the brigade could show that record at that time and place. I did not personally see everything transpire as I have stated, for the reason that having reached within 6 or 8 rods of the crest with the advance I was severely wounded and disabled from moving farther, but from the point I occupied I had a distinct view of what was done and how it was done. In my own experience I have very little idea of the character of this brilliant achievement by comparison, but so far as I have learned of the engagements of other troops in other armies, I fail to remember many instances where officers and men, one and all, have evinced more daring courage, more enduring fortitude, more persistent and obstinate perseverance than did my entire command during this memorable charge.

Where all did their duty so nobly, so bravely, it would be unjust and impracticable to particularize individuals, and yet I cannot forbear to make mention of the unexampled bravery of my color bearer, Sergeant Allen, who kept the advance from the first until within 6

