
a moment after were carried and the Stars and Stripes waved triumphantly on Missionary Ridge, the enemy being in full retreat and great confusion.

The distance from where the charge was begun to the top of the ridge was at least 1 1/2 miles across a wide, open plain and up a long steep hill protected by three lines of rifle-pits, one at the foot, the second about half way up, and the third on the crest of the ridge, with artillery on the top. The time occupied was about one and a half hours.

The regiment rested on the ridge until about 1 o'clock the next morning, when with the brigade, we moved to the front, 1 1/1 miles, and halted until about 10 o'clock, when we moved forward to Chickamauga Creek. In the afternoon we returned to camp.

I desire to make honorable mention of the officers of this regiment, all of whom did their duty most gallantly. Captain George W. Smith, of Company A, acting field officer, was conspicuous for his bravery while urging on the almost exhausted men, until about two-thirds of the way up the hill he fell severely wounded. First Lieutenant Dean R. Chester, commanding G, was shot through, the leg while crossing the plain, but gallantly led his company to the second line of works. Second Lieutenant Henry L. Bingham, commanding Company H, was killed just before we reached the second line, but proved himself entirely worthy the straps he had so recently mounted. First Lieutenant Edward E. Tucker, commanding Company D, was conspicuous for his daring in moving among the men urging them forward. Sergt. Maj. Richard Realf was everywhere urging on those who fell behind,of other regiments as well as those of our own.

It affords me great satisfaction to mention our brave color bearer, Sergt. John Cheevers. Gallant he carried our banner, planting it always in the advance for the regiment to rally on, never letting it trail in the dust, but waving it encouragingly to those behind and defiantly to the enemy before him, never faltering till he waved it over the top of Missionary Ridge.

It is difficult to select any one from the ranks and give him special mention where all behaved so well, but I must mention Corpl. Thomas Larey, of Company K, and Private William Isbester, of Company B, who seemed to vie with the colors for the advance.

Accompanying this report I send a list of the casualties of the regiment.*

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, yours,

G. W. CHANDLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant NIEMAN,

A. A. A. G., First Brig., Second Div., Fourth Army Corps.

No. 34.

Report of Colonel Michael Gooding, Twenty-second Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SECOND REGIMENT INDIANA Volunteers,LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the late engagement with the enemy in front of Chattanooga:

At 1 p.m. ont eh 23rd instant, I received orders to march my command

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.81.

---------------

