
out and form on the left of the brigade in the front line. I accordingly formed my regiment in the following order: Company A, First Lieutenant John Gooding commanding; Company F, Captain E. A. Stepleton commanding; Company D, First Lieutenant P. H. Carney commanding; Company I, Second Lieutenant L. S. Mayfield commanding; Company C, Captain W. H. Taggart commanding; Company H, Captain William Powers commanding; Company E, Captain W. H. Snodgrass commanding; Company K, First Lieutenant Alonzo Smith commanding; Company G, First Lieutenant H. B. Baxter commanding, and Company B, Captain A. D. Sawyer commanding. I moved cautiously until night, when we bivouacked in the rear of a line of intrenchments thrown up during the evening.

At 1 p.m. on the 25th instant, I deployed companies E (Captain Snodgrass) and K (Lieutenant Smith) as skirmishers, and received orders from the colonel commanding brigade to form in the center and rear of the brigade, with instruction to move on the enemy's works at the foot of Missionary Ridge and to act as a reserve, and was informed by the colonel commanding the brigade that there were three lines in advance of mine and to keep from 100 to 150 yards in the rear of the lines, and if they should not succeed in taking their works, to push forward with my regiment and take the intrenchments and hold them if possible. I accordingly moved forward in conformity with the movement of the brigade.

As I came near the edge of the open ground I found that the left of the brigade had no protection. I immediately gave orders to left oblique, double-quick, until I was uncovered by the front lines of the brigade, and passed the lines, joined the skirmishers, and planted the colors of the regiment on the rebel works. I was well supported by the Seventy-fourth Regiment Illinois Volunteers immediately in my rear, and the Eighty-eighth and Thirty-sixth Illinois, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin, Second Missouri, and Nineteenth Ohio on my right. I ordered my men forward up the ridge, and Colonel Miller, Thirty-sixth Illinois, and commanding first line of the brigade, ordered the whole line forward, and I pushed men up to the second line of works as fast as possible. On and on, clear to the top, and over the ridge they went to the hollow beyond, killing and wounding numbers of the enemy as we advanced, and leaving the rebel battery in our rear. We captured great numbers of prisoners and sent them to the rear without guards, as we deemed the pursuit of the enemy of greater importance. I then received orders to fall back to the top of the ridge, where we rested until 12 o'clock of the same night, from whence we marched on the Dalton road near 2 miles, and again bivouacked for the night.

On the following morning I received orders to move forward to Chickamauga Creek. We remained there until 3 p.m., and from thence returned to our present camp at Chattanooga.

All the officers and men of my command behaved nobly, charging the enemy's works in a gallant style, making the hollow below reverberate with their vociferous cheering. I will recommend Color Sergt. George W. Gibson, Company C; Color Corpls. John Caton, Company F, and Theodore B. Ridlen, Company H, to the Governor of Indiana for promotion, for their gallantry in action and for the admirable manner in which they escorted the colors up the heights of Missionary Ridge. I cannot give too much praise to Captain Powers, Company H; Lieutenant Smith, Company K; Lieutenant Gooding, Company A, and Second Lieutenant Moser, Company G, for their assistance and for the gallant manner in which they encourage

