
their men up the side of the mountain and charging the enemy's works right up to the muzzles of their guns. Second Lieutenant Mayfield was wounded early in the engagement, but commanded his company in the charge and over the ridge, and would not leave the field when advised so to do; also Sergeant Major Gray is commendable for his assistance in urging the men forward; also Actg. Adjt. V. P. Mason, Captains Snodgrass, Taggart, Sawyer, and Lieutenants Carney, Tanner, Gordon, Baxter, Linson, Kennedy, and Riggs performed their duties faithfully and were with the advance of their respective commands until the last rebel had left the mountain.*

Respectfully submitted.

M. GOODING,

Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers

Lieutenant A. NIEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, First Brigade.

No. 35.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Arnold Beck, Second Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND MISSOURI VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Chattanooga, Tennessee., November 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you the following report of the part taken by the regiment under my command in the action of November 25, 1863:

At about 1 p.m. on that day, the brigade received orders to move forward from a position held since the 23rd to the edge of the timber, about half way between our fortification and the Missionary Ridge. There we remained in line of battle until about 3 p.m., when an assault on the enemy's rifle-pits ordered. My regiment pressed steadily forward. The enemy being thrown from the first rifle-pit, after firing deadly volleys in our ranks, was driven over his next parallel and to the mountain side, our troops being exposed to a most galling fire from the batteries on the crest of the hill as well as from a terrific musketry, especially while crossing a meadow more than half a mile in width. Almost exhausted, we reached the foot of the hill, but the order to take the formidable

earth-works of the enemy, towering 600 feet above us and garlanded with a wreath of cannon, was to be accomplished yet. Climbing the steep mountain, my regiment pushed forward with might and main, and is fully entitled to its share of the glory of that assault, whose results have already been duly appreciated.

To mention a single officer or man for distinguishment I dare not do, without using the common phrase: "All did their duty." I must this time acknowledge that to praise a single one would be injustice to the balance.

Inclosed please find a list of casualties,* which, though comparatively light, took from our decimated ranks veterans whose misfortunes I deeply mourn.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,ARNOLD BECK,

Lieutenant Colonel Second Missouri Vol. Infantry, Comdg. Regiment

[Lieutenant A. NIEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

---------------

*Nominal list of casualties (omitted) embodied in revised statement, p.81.

---------------

