
No. 36.

Report of Captain Samuel Rexinger, Fifteenth Missouri Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH REGIMENT MISSOURI INFANTRY, November 27, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the movements of the Fifteenth Regiment Missouri Infantry during the late movement, as follows:

The regiment lay inactive until the afternoon of the 25th, when, at about 2 o'clock, we were ordered into position in the woods fronting Missionary Ridge, in the last of the attacking column. At about 3 o'clock the movement commenced. We marched at common time through the woods until we reached the edge of the plain, when double-quick was ordered and kept up until we reached the intrenchments at the foot of the hill. Here our lines became broken on account of the obstacles, and we struggled up the hill as best we could, each man for himself.

I would particularly mention from personal view the following men for their brave and gallant behavior: William Willi, bugler, who kept continually in front sounding his bugle to advance; Michael Kick, our color bearer, and First Sergt. John H. Droste, Company I, and Corpl. Ulrich Frei, Company E, for keeping with the flag most always in front of the whole storming column. Our colors were the second ones inside of the intrenchments at the summit of the hill. After reaching the summit of the hill our colonel was wounded while in pursuit of the flying enemy, and sent to the rear, at which time I took command of the regiment and formed in line of battle on the summit of the hill near where the road crosses the hill.

The troops on our right and left marching forward in line of battle, as no one appeared to give me orders, I concluded to follow them, and we took up position on the road in the valley at the rear of Wagner's brigade, which was engaged in our front. When the engagement was over I marched my men on top of the hill to our right and stacked arms, sending a messenger to find our brigade and to obtain orders, in accordance with which, when received, we marched back and joined the brigade on top of the Missionary Ridge, from which time we remained with the brigade until it returned to camp.

I subjoin a complete list of the casualties of our regiment.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,SAMUEL REXINGER,

Captain, Comdg. Fifteenth Regiment Missouri Infantry.

[Lieutenant A. NIEMAN, Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen.]

No. 37.

Report of Maj. Carl von Baumbach, Twenty-fourth Wisconsin Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-FOURTH WISCONSIN VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Chattanooga, November 27, 1863.

LIEUTENANT; In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report as to the part my regiment took in the late campaign:

My command moved from camp at 2 p.m. on Monday, the 23d

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.81.

---------------

