
instant, and took position in line of battle on the left of the Dalton road. I remained in this position until about half past 2 o'clock the next (Tuesday) morning, when I moved my command, by order of Colonel Miller, by the left flank, and took position about half a mile from my original one. I remained in this position until half past 11 o'clock Wednesday morning. From here we moved by the right flank a distance of about one-quarter of a mile to the left and rear of our first position. We remained in this position about two hours and a half. We then advanced by the right flank directly to the front a distance of quarter a mile. We then formed line of battle immediately on the left of the Eighty-eighth Illinois Volunteers, remained in this position about one hour and a half, at the expiration of which time I received orders to advance. We advanced a short distance at the common step, when the command was given to move at double-quick. My regiment advanced in admirable line of battle up to the first pits of the enemy. Upon reaching the first line the men were pretty much exhausted, and unable to move for some time. In about five minutes, however, we moved over the first pits of the enemy, but after advancing beyond the first line, the line of battle was not regular. The men took advantage of all obstacles in the way for shelter, and thus advanced steadily toward the top of the ridge. The fighting fierce and severe, but owing to the formation of the ground my men were able to screen themselves partially from the deadly volleys were being hurled at us at every step of our advance. In the course of the ascent my men had to rest several times on account of exhaustion. But at length we succeeded in gaining the crest of the ridge, after two hours' steady fighting.

My regiment remained on the top of the ridge for about four hours, when my men were provided with rations. We then moved down the opposite side of the ridge in a southerly direction, halted about 2 1/2 miles from our position on the top of the ridge, remained in this position all night and until about 10 o'clock Thursday, morning, when we moved forward toward Chickamauga Station, about 3 miles, where we halted and remained for some hours. From here we moved back toward our old camp near Chattanooga, where we arrived at sundown.

During the engagement of Wednesday I have to lament the loss of the following officers: Captain Howard Greene, who was killed instantly while gallantly cheering on his men. Lieutenant Robert J. Chivas was also instantly killed cheering in the advancing lines. Captain Richard H. Austin was quite severely wounded on the thigh and neck; never lived a braver man than the captain. Lieutenant Thomas E. Balding was wounded very severely in the right lung. I wish especially to mention him for his gallantry on the field.

I take great pleasure in stating that all the officers and men did his bravery. When the color sergeant was exhausted he carried the flag in front of the regiment, cheering the men to follow him up the ridge.

Accompanying you will find a list of casualties.*

I am, respectfully, yours,

CARL VON BAUMBACH,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant NIEMAN, Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen., First Brigade.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.81.

---------------

