
Lieutenants Royse and Jones had their horses killed under them; Captain Hunter was wounded; Lieutenant Sterne, acting assistant quartermaster, was also on the field and rendered good service. Doctor Glick, brigade surgeon, as he always does, rendered valuable service on the field. Corporal Miller, Privates Dusenberry, Vick, Alexander Campbell, and Smith (the latter being wounded), members of my escort, behaved well and are worthy of mention.

This report is not as perfect as it should be, owing to the regimental reports having been forwarded during my late absence.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. D. WAGNER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain GEORGE LEE,

A. A. G., Second Division, Fourth Army Corps.

No. 39.

Report of Colonel John Q. Lane, Ninety-seventh Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Loudon, Tennessee, February 15, 1864.

SIR: In obedience to instructions from the headquarters of the Second Division, I have the honor to submit for the information of the general commanding the following report of the operations of this brigade from and including the 23rd day of November, to and including the 26th of November, 1863, in the late battles in front of Chattanooga.

About 12 m. on the 23rd General Wagner moved the brigade from its camp in Chattanooga to a position in front of Fort Palmer, and deployed it in the following order of battle: First line, One hundredth Illinois, Fifty-eighth Indiana, and Ninety-seventh Ohio; second line, Fifty-seventh Indiana, Twenty-sixth Ohio, and Fifteenth Indiana, the right resting on the crest of the cleared hill, the line being east of and nearly parallel with the railroad. The Fortieth Indiana was at the time on picket duty in front of the right of the brigade.

About 2 o'clock, in obedience to orders from the general commanding, the brigade advanced upon the enemy's pickets and drove them about one-third of a mile, with a loss of 1 man killed and 4 wounded in the Fortieth Indiana, which regiment had been deployed and advanced as skirmishers. By moving the brigade in a direction at right angles with the original line, the interval was widened between it and Colonel Harker's (Third) brigade on the right.

General Wagner halted the command, advanced the left, refused the right, moved by the right flank, and closed the interval. At 3 p.m. he commenced throwing up a breastwork, and by dark the line was tolerably well protected.

With the Ninety-seventh Ohio advanced as pickets, the command remained in this position until 6 a.m. of the 24th, when General Wagner moved it by the left flank a distance of 400 or 500 yards, to close on Battery G, Fourth U. S. Artillery. It remained here without

