
any interruption, other than an occasional harmless shell from the enemy's batteries on Mission Ridge, until about 3 p.m. of the 25th, when the general formed the following order of battle:

Fifty-seventh Indiana as skirmishers; first line, One hundredth Illinois, Fifty-eighth Indiana, Twenty-sixth Ohio, and Fortieth Indiana; second line, Fifteenth Indiana and Ninety-seventh Ohio.

The signal being given for an advance, the troops moved off in gallant style, first at a double-quick and then at a run, for nearly 500 yards, and gained the enemy's works, which they cleared, and dashed on up the slope to within 800 yards of the mountain crest, when, by order, they fell back tot he rifle-pits, where they remained under shelter for about one-fourth of an hour, when the line was again ordered forward, advancing across the open ground to the base of the ridge, where the second lines closed upon the first, and all moved up the mountain together.

I arrived in Chattanooga on my way to my command in time to witness this part of the action, and cannot speak in too high praise of the gallantry of the troops at this trying and important crisis in the engagement. Officers vied with their men for the front,

Lieutenant-Colonel Neff, Fortieth Indiana, carrying his regimental colors in advance of his men, all apparently animated with the noble determination to drive the enemy at all hazards from his strong position. Their effort was crowned with complete success. The enemy, not waiting an issue with the bayonet, fled in disorder, leaving his dead and wounded on the ground.

At the house known as Bragg's headquarters, the enemy was driven for three guns, which fell into our hands. At this point the main road, leading from Chattanooga to Campbell's [Chickamauga] Station, crossed the mountain. On the eastern slope it intersected by other roads running along the ridge. On this principal road the enemy was retreating with his train. On the left a small force was trying to haul off a battery. General Wagner seeing it, ordered the

Ninety-seventh Ohio and Fortieth Indiana to push on after the enemy. The Twenty-sixth Ohio and Fifteenth Indiana, in charge of Lieutenant-Colonel Young, were moved to the left to take the battery. They captured all the guns, consisting of 4 brass pieces, 2 Parrotts, several caissons, limbers, and 3 horses, still harnessed. The Ninety-seventh Ohio and Fortieth Indiana encountered the enemy strongly posted on a hill three-fourths of a mile from the summit of the ridge. Lieutenant-Colonel Young, hearing the steady firing of musketry and artillery, moved his two regiments in that direction, without leaving a guard with the guns he had captured. Striking the enemy on the right flank, the whole line pushed forward and again routed him, capturing 2 brass pieces, small-arms, and prisoners.

During the night the command was moved to the vicinity of Chickamauga Creek, but did not again come upon the enemy. On the evening of the 26th, General Wagner moved the brigade back to its camp in Chattanooga.

I regret that the enemy gallant acts of officers and men are not properly mentioned in this report, but the less from the frequent assurances that all did their duty nobly.

The number of killed and wounded in the brigade demonstrates the stubborn resistance of the enemy, and the short time occupied in storming the rifle-pits and driving him from the ridge (less than two hours), the energy and earnestness of the charge.

According to the records of the officer of the provost-marshal, the

