
brigade captured 762 prisoners, 11 guns, and numerous small-arms, not counted besides a large quantity of ammunition.

The brigade went into action with an aggregate of about 2,000,a nd lost in killed and wounded an aggregate of 710.

I transmit herewith a list of casualties.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN Q. LANE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant T. W. C. MOORE,

Aide-de-Camp, Actg. Asst. Adjt. Gen.

No. 40.

Report of Maj. Charles M. Hammond, One hundredth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. ONE HUNDREDTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY Volunteers, November 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, at 12 m. on Tuesday, November 23, 1863, I was ordered to get my command in readiness to march with two days' rations in the haversack and 80 rounds of cartridges to the man. At 1 p.m. I moved my command to the picket line in front of Fort Wood, and formed in line of battle on the left of the brigade, my right resting on the left of the

Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers. I sent Companies A and G to the front as skirmishers, when an advance was ordered and the enemy's pickets driven one-half mile in gallant style. After having gained this distance, I was ordered to halt, where I remained during the night, in the meantime throwing up a line of breastworks on my regiment front.

At 6 a.m., November 24, I moved my regiment, by order of General Wagner, about 500 yards to the left, with my left resting on Battery G, Fourth Regiment U. S. Artillery. I remained in this position until the 25th instant, being occasionally shelled by the enemy's batteries on Missionary Ridge, but sustaining no loss.

At 2 p.m. of the 25th, I received orders to form my regiment in their present position (which was in the front line and extreme left of the brigade) and to move forward, taking all before us. After advancing about 200 yards under a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries on Mission Ridge, I, by order of Colonel Wood, Fifteenth Indiana Volunteers,halted my regiment and ordered my men to lie down. In the meantime, Battery G, Fourth U. S. Artillery, moved up and again placed their guns in position on my left. At precisely 4 o'clock I was ordered by Colonel Wood. Fifteenth Indiana Volunteers, to advance my regiment, to charge on a double-quick, and go for all there was before us. After charging the valley a distance of about 1,200 yards to the enemy's rifle-pits, and over them to the foot of Mission Ridge, a distance of about 200 yards, without halting, my men, on attempting to gain the crest of the ridge, seemed to fall down from exhaustion. I was here thrown from my horse by the concussion of a shell, and, upon recovering my senses, discovered my regiment, with others, falling back to the rifle-pits from which we had driven the enemy. Remaining at the foot of the ridge, I

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.81.

---------------

