
soon, however, saw that another charge had been ordered, and discovered,with joy, my men advancing with the line, and, after wading through a storm of shot and shell, gained the ridge, driving the enemy from it in confusion and capturing 23 prisoners, who were sent to the provost-marshal-general of the department under charge of Captain Rodney S. Bowen, Company A, who had received a wound which compelled him to leave the field. I immediately organized my regiment, and while so doing discovered a number of pieces of artillery in a ravine on my left. I sent Lieutenant Stewart, of Company A, to see if these guns which the enemy had abandoned could not be turned upon them. He returned and reported them to be four 10-pounder Parrotts and two brass Napoleons; also, that it would require a number of men to place them in position. I ordered him to report the same to General Wagner, and ask permission to get them, but before receiving a reply was ordered by you to move forward my regiment on the left of the Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, and, after advancing 600 or 800 yards, was ordered by Colonel Wood to halt. After remaining in this position about twenty minutes, I was ordered by Lieutenant Royse to move with my regiment in rear of the Fifty-eighth Indiana Volunteers,at a distance of 100 yards from them. Arriving at the foot of the hill on which the enemy was posted resisting the advance of the Ninety-seventh Ohio and Fortieth Indiana Volunteers, and seeing the importance of a flank movement to dislodge the enemy, I moved my regiment to the left and nearly parallel with the Fifty-eighth Indiana. On gaining the top of the hill, I came suddenly upon the enemy, who immediately broke and scattered. I was here ordered to halt my command and throw out

one-half of it as pickets.

At 1 a.m. of the 26th instant, I supplied my men with one day's rations and 80 rounds of cartridges and moved forward, with the balance of the brigade, in the direction of Chickamauga Station, to within one-half mile of Chickamauga Creek, where I remained until noon, when I moved forward to the creek, but was soon ordered by General Wagner to return to Chattanooga, where I arrived with my command at sunset.

The casualties in my regiment were as follows.8

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. M. HAMMOND,

Major, Commanding One hundredth Illinois Volunteers.

Captain H. C. TINNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 41.

Report of Maj. Frank White, Fifteenth Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTEENTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the regiment (Fifteenth Indiana) which I had the honor to command in the engagement near Chattanooga, on November 25, 1863:

Our position in the morning was in the second line of battle of the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.81.

---------------

