
brigade, and on a ridge in rear of the rifle-pit built by the brigade on the day previous. At about 2 p.m., the front line of battle having moved, we moved forward and occupied the rifle-pits. At 2.30 we moved across the rifle-pits and toward the enemy under a sharp fire from the enemy's batteries, which did very little damage. We lay down on a line the rifle-pits of General Wood's division awaiting orders. At 3.30 orders came, and we moved forward in line, supporting the first line until we were within about 200 yards of the enemy's first line of rifle-pits. Here we were halted about half an hour, and then we moved forward at double-quick to the rifle-pits, and lay down on the exterior slope of the embankment about fifteen minutes. We then moved forward again with a cheer (passing the first line of battle of the brigade) up Mission Ridge under a terrible fire from the enemy in their

rifle-pits near the brow of the ridge, and from their batteries near Bragg's headquarters on our right front, and from a position opposite our left flank. The men behaved with great intrepidity and coolness, moving forward delivering a rapid and effective fire, until near the top of the ridge, when we made a charge, and after a short but stubborn resistance on the part of the enemy we drove them from their rifle-pits and over the brow of the ridge in great confusion, capturing prisoners representing six regiments. After we had driven the enemy over the hill we followed them up, delivering an effective fire into their retreating ranks. About half way down the hill we were halted and ordered by General Wagner to move toward a hill on our left front, which we did, taking three pieces of artillery in one place, and in concert with the Twenty-sixth Ohio taking ten pieces in another place, driving the enemy from them. The enemy being still in force in our front, we moved forward in line of battle, and having but about 130 men I did not leave a guard over the guns. We halted about 1 1/1 miles from the

battle-field and took many prisoners, sending them to the rear.

The officers and men of the regiment behaved with such gallantry that it would be hard to discriminate, but the conduct of Color Sergt. George Banks, who carried his colors until shot twice, and of Second Lieutenant T. N. Graham, Company G, who then carried the colors forward and planted them on the enemy's breastworks, under a terrible fire, deserves especial commendation.

I have to tender thanks to Captain B. F. Hegler, Company A, for the assistance rendered me in commanding the regiment,and the coolness displayed by him during the action.

Our loss was heavy. The number taken into action and the loss sustained is as follows:

 Officers	 Enlisted	 Total.

 	 men.

Taken into action	 16	 318	 334

Killed	 2	 27	 29

Wounded	 8	 158	 166

Total loss*	 10	 185	 195

I would also add that my regiment was the first regiment of the brigade to plant their colors on the enemy's works, and were nobly supported on the right by the Twenty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, who deserve great credit for the part taken by them in the action.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.81

---------------

