
Now commenced the struggle; man by man, as each would gather breath, firing as they went, the brave fellows rushed up, always onward, never backward for one moment. The fire here was, on the part of the enemy, rapid and well sustained, both by the infantry and the batteries upon the ridge, which at this time poured a constant shower of grape down the slope; but the advance was not even checked, only so far as necessary for rest, and in less than an hour the crest was gained and the enemy driven in utter confusion from the front. As the regiment reached the top of the ridge and swept forward the right passed through, without stopping to take possession, the battery at General Bragg's headquarters that had fired so venomously during the whole contest. Halting then for a few moments to give time for those who were not up to reach me, and joined by a few men of the Fifty-seventh Indiana, under Captain Dunn, of that regiment, who had been in command of them as skirmishers in my front, and had shown marked courage and energy, I moved forward down the hill, capturing prisoners and firing effectively upon those who attempted to escape. The rout of the enemy was complete at this point. At the foot of the hill some stores were captured and two wagons with their teams. The number of prisoners taken was fully 200, and, as I could spare no men to guard them, I ordered them to the rear and lost sight of them. In a few moments again I was ordered to move forward by General Wagner, and the small remnant of my command having come up, and a line of skirmishers, under Captain Elliott, Company A, thrown out, I moved forward, and in less than half again encountered the enemy drawn up on a crescent-shaped ridge, with the horns encircling the flat upon which we were advancing, and completely commanding it at all points. The battery had been placed in position here by the enemy, and was vigorously worked during our advance. To storm the hill with the force we then had was clearly impossible, but retreat was not to be thought of; to whatever shelter could be found was taken advantage of, and the fire unremittingly kept up from our thinned ranks for an hour and a quarter. The rifle-balls passed in almost every direction, front and flanks, but no man, save the wounded, passed to the rear; but at the same time it seemed certain that annihilation or capture awaited; no help seemed available, when a cheer upon our left announced a movement upon their flank, and the enemy at once fled, leaving in our hands two more pieces of artillery, one wagon loaded with ammunition, and one box of new rifles.

In this second engagement our loss was 40 in killed and wounded. The total loss was 20 killed and 138 wounded-about 45 per cent. of the whole number engaged.

Eight commissioned officers were wounded, Captain Dooley, Company F; Captain Marks, Company I; First Lieutenant Hanna, Company C; Second Lieutenant Youkey, Company K, severely and dangerously.

I cannot express too high appreciation of the conduct and gallantry of both officers and men of my command. The record of loss in both is sufficient eulogy.

Respectfully submitted.

ELIAS NEFF,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Fortieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers

Captain H. C. TINNEY,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., Second Brigade, Second Division.

