
time to the top of the hill, the enemy remaining in their works near the top of the hill until our men were within a few yards of them, when the greater number broke and ran down the hill on the opposite side, though quite a number threw down their guns and surrendered. It was now near sunset. I formed my regiment on the top of the ridge and marched to the front, on the second ridge, where I was ordered by Colonel Wood to halt my regiment, along with the Fifty-seventh Indiana and One hundredth Illinois, and there to await orders, while the Fortieth Indiana and Ninety-seventh Ohio were moved on in the front fire. In a short time the advance regiments became engaged with the enemy, and I received orders to move my regiment to the front and left of the road, where I was ordered to halt, opposite a steep hill on which the enemy was posted. The enemy soon gave way again and the pursuit ended for the time, and this regiment was thrown forward on picket for the night. About 2 a.m. my regiment was called in and marched to the front with the remainder of the brigade to Chickamauga Creek, but was not again engaged, and returned to camp in Chattanooga on the evening of November 26.

In passing to the front from Missionary Ridge we saw several pieces of artillery which had been abandoned by the enemy, though I did not leave any one in charge of them.

It gives pleasure to state that during this contest all, both officers and men, nobly performed their duties and fought bravely for victory; and where all do so well it is impossible to distinguish as to the meritorious conduct of any. It also gives me pleasure to state that Chaplain J. J. Hight was immediately on the field, and rendered very efficient aid to our wounded officers.

This regiment went into action with 253 armed men and 17 commissioned officers.

I have to report the following losses in this regiment, to wit:

Commissioned officers: Killed, none; wounded, Captain J. M. Smith, Captain Green McDonald, Lieutenant A. Milburn, Lieutenant Z. Jones, and Lieutenant George Hill.

Enlisted men: Killed,5; wounded,55; missing,none.

Total killed,5; wounded,60; aggregate loss,65.

Respectfully submitted.

J. MOORE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain H. C. TINNEY,

A. A. G., Second Brig., Second Div., Fourth Army Corps.

No. 46.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William H. Young, Twenty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor herewith to report the part taken by my command, the Twenty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, in the movements of the 23d, 24th, 25th, and 26th instant in this vicinity.

About 2 p.m. on the 23d, in obedience to orders from the

brigadier-general

