
both unhorsed in the very beginning of the action, most gallantly, heroically acquitted themselves, lending me most material assistance from first to last.

Assistant Surgeon Rush acquitted himself with commendable zeal and fidelity of his duties as field surgeon.

It is but simple justice to deserving merit to record here as worthy of particular mention the following names of line officers of my regiment, who, with the exception of Second Lieutenant Johnson, remained with their companies until the fighting was over, though several were painfully, but not seriously hurt; Captain Peatman, Company F; Frazier, Company D; Adair, Company I; Baldwin, Company G (wounded in the face); First Lieutenant Hume, commanding Company K; Franklin, commanding Company B (wounded in the leg); Foster, Company A (wounded in the left); Renick, Company F; Timberlake, Company D; Second Lieutenant Guy, Company K; Johnson, Company E; Ogan, Company F; Hill, commanding Company A; Goodhue, commanding Company C (wounded in the leg), and Platt, Company G.

Your attention is respectfully invited to the following statement of casualties in this regiment: Commissioned officers wounded, 5; enlisted men killed, 2; enlisted men wounded, 29; 1 of them has since died.

During the brief period that I was in command of the rear line of three regiments on the afternoon of 23rd nothing occurred worthy of mention. The regiments were all ably handled by their respective commanders.

While temporarily in command of the Fifteenth Indiana on the evening of the 25th, I could not fail to notice the very gallant bearing of that regiment, and particularly the spirit and ability displayed by Major White and Captain Hegler.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. YOUNG,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain H. C. TINNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 47.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Milton Barnes, Ninety-seventh Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. NINETY-SEVENTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS INFANTRY, Loudon, Tennessee, February 1, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following of the part taken by this regiment in the engagement with the enemy in front of Chattanooga, November 23, 24, and 25, 1863:

According to previous orders, at 1 p.m. of the 23d, I had my command in readiness for action, with three days' rations in haversacks and 80 rounds of ammunition to the man, the effective strength being 23 officers and 411 enlisted men. I moved with the rest of the brigade to the front and formed line of battle on the right in the first line, my right resting on the top of the hill across the railroad in front of Fort Palmer. I rested in this position until about 3 o'clock,

