
until the troops on our left (Wood's division) began to move upon the enemy's pickets. Then receiving the order to advance, I moved forward to the first ravine, where I detached Companies A and F (Captain Rosemond and Lieutenant Ogle), deployed as skirmishers. They immediately became engaged with the enemy's skirmishers, driving them rapidly over the next hill into the woods, where they made a stand and attempted to turn our right, but moving quickly by the right flank, and our skirmishers pressing hotly in front, they were soon checked and driven rapidly beyond their first line of works. My line having now reached the crest of the hill, I halted it and held the position while the troops in rear came forward and commenced building a line of breastworks. After dark I moved the regiment forward about 250 yards, and picketed the front of our brigade during the night. I lost none in killed or wounded in the first day's engagement.

At 8 a.m. of the following day (24th), I was relieved by the Fifteenth Indiana Volunteers, and, moving back, took their former position on the right in the second line, and rested during the day.

November 25, about 3 p.m., I advanced with the column across the breastworks thrown up the night and day previous. While crossing I had 1 man wounded. Reaching an open field, I rested until the batteries on our left fired the signal for a general attack, when I moved through the woods into the open plain in front of the enemy's second line of works at the foot of Mission Ridge, where we were exposed to a terrific fire of shot and shell. In a few minutes I received the order to advance to the works and occupy them, the front line having passed. In doing so my men moved in perfect line of battle at a double-quick, with the coolness and precision of an ordinary drill. In the meantime the enemy's batteries, supported by a heavy line of infantry, were pouring a continuous volley of shot, shell, shrapnel, grape and canister down the slope and across the plain. I now received an order from General Wagner to leave

rifle-pits and close up on the front line, which I proceeded to do. This order was countermanded, but before I could repeat in the men were under way and I could not stop them. Reaching the foot of the hill, I closed on the Fortieth Indian Volunteers. Regimental lines now became almost obliterated. I received no orders to ascent the hill but that previously stated. I urged my men forward. The enthusiasm soon became general, officers and men vying with each other in their eagerness to be foremost in storming the enemy's last line of works on the crest of the ridge. They rushed onward and upward from point to point over the difficult ground and up the steep ascent amidst the incessant hail-storm of iron and lead, displaying acts of personal bravery which was certainly almost without a parallel in the annals of war. Not one man went to the rear who did not carry a wound. The line of our ascent covered a shallow ravine, terminating on the top of the ridge at the apex of an obtuse angle in the enemy's line, subjecting us to a direct and cross fire. About forty minutes elapsed in scaling the hill, when, from the stead advances and determined spirit of our men, the enemy's lines wavered, broken, and finally fled in confusion to the rear. My regimental colors, crossed the ridge to the left of the house which a few minutes before was General Bragg's headquarters. Over 150 prisoners were captured by my command, and many more were sent through my lines to the rear without a guard, owing to the excitement of the moment and the immediate order to reform

