
the line and pursue the enemy. Receiving such orders from General Wagner, I formed as quickly as possible on the left of the Fortieth Indiana Volunteers, and proceeded down the direction of the road leading toward Chickamauga Station. When we reached the foot of a hill about 1 mile distant, we again encountered the enemy and immediately became engaged. It now became dark, and it was apparent from the murderous fire to which we became exposed that the enemy had chosen a strong position and intended to maintain it. This and the Fortieth Indiana being the only regiments engaged in this last encounter, we could not advance without almost certain destruction. The fight continued over an hour, resulting in the loss of a large proportion of those counted in the aggregate of killed and wounded. Finally the---Regiment moved up on my left around the point of the hill, when the enemy immediately ceased firing, and we moved forward and occupied their position.

My loss in killed was 16 enlisted men; wounded, 9 officers and 124 enlisted men.

I cannot speak too highly of both officers and men on this occasion. Suffice it to say that all did their duty and did it nobly, and well deserve the gratitude of their country.

Effective strength engaged: Officers, 23; enlisted men, 411; total, 434.

Killed: Officers, none; enlisted, 16. Wounded: Officers, 9; enlisted, 124. Missing, none. Total, 149.

Officer wounded were Major Moore, Surgeon Gordon, Captain Rosemond, Captain Weisser, Captain Linn, Lieutenant Brady, Lieutenant Echelberry, Lieutenant McClure, and Captain Gilley.

Very respectfully,

M. BARNES,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Brigade.

No. 48.

Report of Colonel Charles G. Harker, Sixty-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Loudon, Tennessee, February 14, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade in the battle of Missionary Ridge from and including the 23rd day of November, 1863, up to and including the 26th day of November, 1863:

My brigade consisted of nine regiments, and, in order to facilitate drilling, marching, and maneuvering in front of the enemy, I had, with the consent of the general commanding the division, divided in into demi-brigades. The First Demi-Brigade was commanded by Colonel Emerson Opdycke, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, and consisted of the Third Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Henry C. Dunlap commanding; Seventy-ninth Illinois Volunteers, Colonel Allen Buckner commanding; Sixty-fourth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Alexander McIlvain commanding; Sixty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, commanded

