
by Lieutenant Colonel William A. Bullitt, of the Third Kentucky Volunteers, and One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, temporarily commanded by Captain E. P. Bates.

The Second Demi-Brigade, commanded by Colonel Nathan H. Walworth,

Forty-Second Illinois Volunteers, and consisted of the

Twenty-seventh Illinois Volunteers, Colonel Jonathan R. Miles commanding; Twenty-second Illinois Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel Francis Swanwick commanding; Fifty-first Illinois Volunteers, Maj. Charles W. Davis commanding, until wounded, when the command devolved upon Captain A. M. Tilton; and the Forty-second Illinois Volunteers, temporarily commanded by Captain E. D. Swain.

About 12 m. on the 23rd of November, I received an order from

Major-General Sheridan, commanding the division, to march my command with 40 rounds of cartidges, without knapsacks or haversacks, to an eminence known as Brush Knob, about one-half mile to the front of the line of rifle-pits commanded by Forts Wood and Negley, and nearly equidistant from each. The left of my command rested near the summit of Brush Knob, the front line consisting of three regiments in line of battle; the balance in double column on the center were formed in rear of the hill, taking shelter from the enemy's artillery should he open upon us.

The Second Brigade of our division (Wagner's) was on my left and a little advanced, the First Brigade (Sherman's) was on my right a little retired. My front was covered by a line of skirmishers from the Fortieth Indiana Volunteers, of General Wagner's brigade, supported by detachments from Colonel Opdycke's demi-brigade. We remained in this position until General Wood advanced upon Orchard Knob, which advance was followed by General Wagner's brigade. I was soon ordered to follow General Wagner and to take position on a ridge about one-eighth of a mile to the front of Brush Knob, my left connecting with General Wagner's right, while my right a little refused, was to rest on Moore's road and near the point where the picket line crossed said road previous to the advance of our forces. In taking this position a sharp engagement with the rebel pickets ensued; the enemy rapidly gave way, and we sustained but slight loss. Having gained this position we were ordered to construct rifle-pits along our entire front. About dark I was ordered to have the right of my skirmish line thrown forward; this was skillfully done by a part of the Third Kentucky Volunteers, which captured a number of prisoners in this movement, including 2 commissioned officers. The line being thus established we remained in position during the night, permitting detachments to return to the camp for rations and knapsacks, and sufficient cartridges to supply each man with 60 rounds.

Tuesday, November 24, all was quiet on my immediate front, but heave firing of musketry and artillery occurred on our extreme right, resulting in the capture of Lookout Mountain by our forces.

Wednesday, November 25, about 8 a.m., I was ordered to advance mu skirmish line to an eminence about one-eighth of a mile to the front. This advance was made without opposition my brigade taking position in a line of rifle-pits abandoned by the enemy. We remained in this position inactive until about 3 p.m., when orders were received to prepare to carry the enemy's works in our front.

My command was disposed in the following order: Colonel Walworth's demi-brigade on the right, with the Forty-second Illinois Volunteers covering my whole front as skirmishers; the

Twenty-seventh

