
it, and to the surprise even of those who participated in the perilous undertaking. My right and Colonel Sherman's left interlocked, so to speak, as we approached the summit, and it was near this point that I saw the first part of my line gain the crest. This was done by a few brave men of my own and Colonel Sherman's commands driving the enemy from his intrenchments.

The gap thus opened, our men rushed rapidly in, and the enemy, loath to give up their position, still remained, firing at my command toward the left; and the battery in front of the house known as General Bragg's headquarters was still firing at the troops, and was captured by our men while the gunners still at their posts.

The enemy, now evidently panic stricken by the boldness of our movements, commenced retiring, and soon the entire ridge was in our possession, leaving many prisoners, cannon, and small-arms in our possession.

The crest thus gained, the most unbounded enthusiasm I had ever witnessed then prevailed throughout the entire command, and though the enemy was enemy was but a short distance in our front, endeavoring to secure his train and a portion of his artillery, it was with difficulty that we could sufficiently control the men so as to reform our lines, and follow up the retreating foe. Order being once more restored, I was directed by General Sheridan to follow up the foe and secure as much of his train as possible. A short distance to the front the road forked. I sent Colonel Opdycke, with his demi-brigade, on the direct road toward Chickamauga, while Colonel Walworth was directed to take the road to the right. Colonel Opdycke, with his demi-brigade, in connection with a part of General Wagner's brigade, encountered the enemy at a ridge 1 1/2 miles from the crest of Missionary Ridge. Here, after a very stubborn fight, the ridge was carried. Colonel Walworth was recalled from his position to the ridge, but did not arrive in time to participate in the engagement.

To Colonel Opdycke is due whatever praise my brigade may have received for the battle on the second ridge. It being now quite dark, our position was selected by General Sheridan, and we were ordered to bivouac until further orders.

About 1 a.m., November 26, we were ordered to the crossing of the Chickamauga near Chickamauga Station, about 5 miles to the front. This movement was made without opposition. We arrived at the crossing about 3 a.m., where we went into camp. Finding the bridge destroyed, we were directed to repair some flat-boats and prepare for crossing, but about 2 p.m. we received orders to abandon farther pursuit and return to our old camp in front of Chattanooga. We captured and sent to division and corps headquarters, 503 prisoners and a large number of small-arms. In regard to the number of pieces of artillery, it will probably be difficult to reconcile the reports of my regimental commanders with the reports of other regiments and brigades, who fought so nobly with my own command, and who are alike entitled to share the honors and glories of the day, more anxious to follow the enemy than to appropriate trophies already secured. We pushed to the front, while the place we occupied, on ascending the hill, was soon occupied by other troops, who, I have learned, claim the artillery as having fallen into their own hands. It must, therefore, remain with the division and corps commanders, who knew the relative positions of each brigade and division, to accord to each the trophies to which they are due.

From my personal observation, I can claim a battery of six guns,

