
captured by a portion of my brigade. The aggregate of regimental commanders will far exceed that number, but, believing it not impossible that in the necessary confusion, two or more commands might lay claim to the same pieces, I simply submit their reports, assured that ample justice will be done to all.

The following is a list of killed and wounded:

Officers. Enlisted men.

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Killed.	 Wounded

Headquarters

------

1

-----

3

64th Ohio	 1	 5	 1	 25

65th Ohio

-----

1	 1	 12

125th Ohio

-----

1	 2 	 26

3rd Kentucky

-----

7	 4	 47

79th Illinois

-----

1	 1 	 5

22nd Illinois

-----

3	 3	 13

27th Illinois	 2	 6	 6	 64

42nd Illinois

-----

8	 4	 28

51st Illinois	 1	 1	 1 	 12

Total*	 4	 34	 23	 235

It is with pride that I call the attention of my commanders to the conduct of Colonel Opdycke, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, and Colonel Walworth,of the Forty-second Illinois Volunteers, commanding demi-brigades under me. By their good conduct, and the faithful discharge of every duty devolving upon them, they have rendered me invaluable assistance, and in the battle of Missionary Ridge were conspicuous for gallantry, daring, and skill. Whatever praise is due true bravery and soldierly qualities are due them; and I take pleasure in recommending them as in every way worthy and capable of commanding brigades.

To may regimental commanders, Colonel Dunlap, Third Kentucky; Colonel McIlvain, Sixty-fourth Ohio; Colonel Buckner, Seventy-ninth Illinois; Colonel Miles, Twenty-seventh Illinois; Major Davis, Fifty-first Illinois (who fell severely wounded while gallantly leading his men); Lieutenant-Colonel Bullitt, Third Kentucky, commanding Sixty-fifth Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Swanwick,

Twenty-second Illinois; Captain Bates, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio, and Captain Swain, Forty-second Illinois, great praise is due and most cheerfully accorded for their good conduct throughout the terrible struggle resulting in the capture of Missionary Ridge.

For the good conduct of subordinate officers and enlisted men I must refer you to the reports of regimental commanders herewith inclosed.

To my staff I an indebted for the prompt and efficient manner in which every duty was performed. I should make especial mention of Maj. Samuel L. Coluter, Sixty-fourth Ohio, my acting assistant adjutant-general. He was of most valuable service to me, and by his gallantry and daring greatly encouraged the troops in assaulting the ridge. It affords me great pleasure to acknowledge his distinguished service.

I should also mention in terms of especial praise the good conduct of Lieutenant Alfred O. Johnson, aide-de-camp to Colonel Walworth, who

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.81.

---------------

