
fell severely wounded while faithfully performing his duty, and who has since died. He was an accomplished young soldier, generous, brave, and patriotic.

Missionary Ridge will forever stand an enduring monument to the noble and brave officers and men who fell so gloriously while scaling its summit.

Respectfully submitted.

C. G. HARKER,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Lieutenant T. W. C. MOORE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 49.

Report of Colonel Emerson Opdycke, One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Demi-Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DEMI-BRIGADE, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of the First

Demi-Brigade, beginning on the 23rd and ending on the 26th of November.

This demi-brigade has an existence only for active operations, and hence the command of it is attended with difficulties not known to legal organizations. It is composed of five regiments, viz: Third Kentucky, Colonel Dunlap; Seventy-ninth Illinois, Colonel Buckner; Sixty-fourth Ohio, Colonel Mcilvain; Sixty-fifth Ohio,Lieutenant-Colonel Bullitt; One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio (my own regiment), Captain Bates commanding.

At noon of the 23rd of November, I received orders from Colonel Harker to move my command to the front. We had but started when we saw the whole army in motion, dressed as if for review. The Third Kentucky was then on picket duty, also a portion of the Sixty-fifth Ohio. We were soon near the picket line of the enemy, and were there formed, under the directions of Colonel Harker, in two lines, and the Sixty-fifth Ohio deployed to the front as skirmisher. General Wagner's brigade was to my left, and Colonel Walworth's demi-brigade to my right. My right as somewhat refused, and the skirmishers became engaged. Ours advanced rapidly, and were followed by the main force till halted and set to throwing up breastworks. These were pushed to completion with vigor, when details were made to bring rations and blankets. The troops then lay down by their guns, with orders from Colonel Harker to be ready for action at a moment's notice.

Nothing occurred to my front on the 24th worthy of mention. At about 2 p.m. of the 25th, I moved the five regiments composing my command several hundred yards to the front, with the general line, and into an open woods. Colonel Harker directed me to form my command into three lines, the first and second to be two regiments each, both deployed, and the third in double column, each line to be about 300 yards to the rear of the one in front of it, and that we were to carry the rifle-pits at the foot of Missionary Ridge with the bayonet. I was also directed to be governed by the movements of the troops next on my left, and if they advanced up the ridge, I was to move up also and maintain my relative position. The Third Kentucky and Sixty-fourth Ohio were placed in the first line, the Sixty-fourth Ohio on the right of the Third Kentucky. The

Sixty-fifth

