
Ohio and One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio formed the second line, the One hundred and twenty-fifth to the right of the Sixty-fifth. The Seventy-ninth Illinois was to the rear and opposite the interval between the regiments of the second line, and formed the third line. At the signal of six guns from a designated spot, the lines advanced briskly and in good order till they cleared the woods. From here to the foot of the ridge was an unobstructed plain. There were, in some places, two lines of rifle-pits, and beyond them the ridge, which is 500 feet high, and the ascent is an angle of 45. Upon the crest of this ridge the enemy were in strong force of all arms. At the instant we appeared upon the plain the crest seemed alive with the roar and flame of artillery, but the shells mostly burst over our heads at too great a height to produce effect other than to add to the awful sublimity of the scene. The troops to our left were soon running and yelling, and to obey the order to maintain my position on the prolongation of their, my command also passed from the quick step to the run. This soon brought us three-eighths of a mile, and to the rifle-pits at the foot of the ridge, but the men were quite out of breath, and I regretted to see the troops to my left move on up the ridge before they had time to rest a few minutes. But they passed the

rifle-pits, following the retreating enemy under a terrific fire of canister and musketry until nearly half way up, when the line halted. The men lay down, and most of them found considerable protection behind stumps, fallen trees, &amp;c. Soon the brigade to my left fell back to the rifle-pits. Those of my men who had not protection also took shelter in the rifle-pits, and those who had protection remained where they were and maintained a deliberate and effective fire upon the enemy. A few minutes of needed rest was now given, the tremendous fire of the enemy meanwhile doing but little harm, and left us to contemplate the unparalleled grandeur and sublimity of the scene. The second and third lines came up to the pits and took shelter in them. "Forward" soon passed along the line; then the whole moved up slowly in the face of an indescribable fire of all arms, and forced the enemy either to flee in disorder or surrender at their guns. My command captured Bragg's headquarters house and the six guns which were near there. One of these I ordered turned upon the enemy, which was done with effect. Colonel Harker ordered me to pursue and endeavor to capture a train. I soon sent back a caisson and 6 mules. A half mile farther on I came upon the enemy's rear guard. It was well posted upon a hill, with two guns. It was now dark, except for the moon. The One hundred guns and twenty-fifth was skirmishing to the front, and the two pieces of artillery were worked upon us with energy. I also received reports from various sources that my extreme right was threatened. I posted my few troops in a strong position, and sent scouts and flankers well out, and made all possible exertions to ascertain the strength and position of the enemy. Colonel Wood, of Wagner's brigade, was making the same exertions on the left of the road. His skirmishers and mine were acting in conjunction. The hill was soon carried, and one gun was captured by my skirmishers, the other one by Colonel Wood's skirmishers.

Colonel Harker came to me, and was ordering all forward when orders came from General Sheridan to pursue no farther until ordered. The men got ready to rest for the night, but at 12.30 p.m. we were ordered to pursue. Cartridges were issued, and the division moved rapidly toward Bird's Mill, on the Chickamauga River. My command

