
had the advance. The Sixty-fifth Ohio was deployed as skirmishers, their center moving upon the road. The other regiments moved in two lines, deployed.

The road was strewed with muskets, accouterments, and artillery ammunition, evidences of a disorderly retreat. Prisoners were taken at every few rods, and at 3 a.m. of the 26th we reached the river. The bridge was destroyed, and our tired troops were glad to bivouac. Soon after daylight I was ordered to prepare means for crossing the troops to resume the pursuit, but by the time this was nearly accomplished we were ordered to Chattanooga, where we arrived at dusk of that day.

The trophies of my command were over 300 prisoners, hundreds of small-arms, and 7 pieces of artillery, caissons, harness, mules, &amp;c.

Its losses were: Killed, officers,1; enlisted men.10. Wounded, officers,17; enlisted men, 124. Aggregate loss,152.

I can hardly imagine it to be possible for any troops to merit higher commendation or deeper gratitude from the Republic than those of this command did on the memorable 25th day of November, 1863. It is not easy for the just pen to omit many names who distinguished themselves for heroic devotion to country, but I cannot refuse to mention Colonel Dunlap, commanding Third Kentucky. He led his regiment on horse, and when 2 color bearers had fallen, he bore the old flag rapidly to the crest in advance of his command, if not of the whole army. Lieutenant-Colonel Bullitt, commanding Sixty-fifth Ohio, had a sharp contest for the guns, but his flag triumphed amidst the storm. Captain Bates, commanding One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio was cool and judicious. I commend him for handling the regiment so that it performed nobly the part assigned to it, and with such small loss. Lieutenants Carr and Carter, my aides, rendered valuable services in carrying orders and assisting in maintaining order in the ranks. Orderly R. Duncan continued coolly by me through the severest fire. Private Daniel M. Peters, Company F, Sixty-fifth Ohio, shot a rebel officer from his horse on the crest, and mounted the colonel commanding, he having both of his horses disabled in the ascents of the heights.

I respectfully refer you to the reports of regimental commanders for further special notices of gallantry.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EMERSON OPDYCKE,

Colonel, Comdg.1st Demi-Brig., 3rd., 2nd Div., 4th A. C.

Maj. S. L. COULTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 50.

Report of Colonel Allen Buckner, Seventy-ninth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY Volunteers, Sweet Water, Tennessee, February 12, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part this regiment took in the battle of Mission Ridge:

I received orders to move out of camp near 12 m. on the 23rd of November, 1863, which was promptly obeyed. Our position in the first line was to the rear and opposite an interval between the

Sixty-fifth and One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Soon an order came to move forward, holding the same position.

