
This movement was continued until we approached near the first wood. Skirmishing had been going on for some time to our left; now it began in front. Quite a number of balls passed through the regiment, but with no effect. After remaining here a short time, I received an order to move by the right flank, then by the left, until we arrived at the foot of the hill in the above-named woods. Our position was the right of the First Demi-Brigade. Breastworks were at once thrown up. During the night, in connection with the line, we moved by the left flank about 200 or 300 yards and remained until near right the following day, when

Lieutenant-Colonel Rives was ordered to take the regiment on picket (I being detailed as division officer of the day for the next day).

On the morning of the 25th, the regiment was relieved. Near 3 p.m. Lieutenant-Colonel Rives was ordered to move forward in rear of and covering the interval between the Sixty-fifth and One hundred and twenty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry at double column at half distance. This position was retained the regiment arrived in the open field, where it was exposed to the fire of rebel artillery. The colonel deployed into line and continued the movement until he reached the rebel fortification at the foot of Mission Ridge, when I took command. Seeing the line to my left beginning to fall back, I ordered the regiment to halt at the breastworks. The fire from the rebel artillery and small-arms was terrific. General Sheridan and Colonel Harker rode along the lines and told us to be ready to move up the ridge. Accordingly the order came. The right of the regiment rested on the left of the road, where it crossed the rebel fortification, leading up the hill toward Bragg's headquarters. We took a right oblique direction through a peach orchard until arriving at the wood and logs on the side of the ridge, when I ordered the men to commence firing which they did with good effect, and continued it all they way up until the heights were gained. At this point the left of the regiment was near the right of the house, and I claim that my officers and men captured two large brass pieces, literally punching the cannoneers from their guns. Privates John Fregon and Jasper Peterson, from Company A,rushed down the hill, captured one caisson with a cannoneer and 6 horses and brought them back.

The first order I received after arriving at this place was said to have been from General Sheridan to form a line. This we did, in connection with others, and I reported our position to Colonel Harker, through Captain Eaton and Lieutenant Carr, as soon as possible, and received an order to remain make ourselves comfortable, and wait till further orders. Near 12 o'clock orders were received and we moved, in connection with the brigade, to Chickamauga Creek. I cannot tell how many prisoners we captured, for I had no means of knowing, but I am satisfied we took our share. I will not stop to speak of particulars, but simply state that my officers and men did nobly.

There were 2 enlisted men killed, 1 mortally wounded, 4 slightly wounded.

Yours,

ALLEN BUCKNER,

Colonel, Commanding Seventy-ninth Illinois Volunteers.

Lieutenant L. HANBACK,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

