
process of this conformitory movement, in full view and easy range of the enemy, we were saluted with many shells as a foretaste of the reception with which we would soon be greeted for confronting the headquarters of the traitor Bragg. After the lapse of about an hour I was notified by Colonel Opdycke that with fixed bayonets we would be ordered to charge the rifle-pits of the enemy at the foot of Mission Ridge.

About 3.30 p.m. we moved forward with steadiness and good order, unprecedented except by the result. The distance to the foot of the ridge was about three-quarters of a mile, most of the way over a perfect plain, unobstructed even by a tuft of grass. I was ordered to dress upon and conform to the brigade upon our left. This order compelled me to move on the double-quick for this reason, the line of the base of the ridge and the general line of battle formed an angle of about 35, which angle was to our left; hence, to charge the rifle-pits simultaneously required the consequent fatigue, more destructive than the storm of shell and shot, through which my veteran boys defiantly charged and reached the enemy's works without a straggler in the rear. The line of skirmishers who occupied them retreated to the summit upon our approach.

Having been ordered by Colonel Opdycke to conform exactly to the movements of the troops upon my left, to halt at the trenches if they did, or to move on when they did, I obeyed the order to the letter, for the halt was but momentary, and although greatly exhausted, my men sprang over the rifle-pits and advanced to climb the terrible hill. Every officer in the command led the charge in front of their men, and demonstrated to them their willingness to lead where they called upon them to follow. Major Brennan, Adjutant Hunt, and myself, were mounted and led the line respectively upon the right,left, and center, and the men coolly reserved their fire until we advanced within range of the crest of the hill. After a brief engagement or offensive action on our part, I discovered the line to my left falling back and heard a mounted officer, whom I did not recognize, giving the order to fall back. I did not repeat the order, because I did not know the authority for it, and dreaded for the command the fatality of a rapid fire from a battery in my immediate front, but finding many upon the right also falling back, I galloped to the trench in the rear to reform the men. I ordered those near to reform the men. I ordered those near to me to form at the ditch, but gave no command, for in the clamor of battle it could not be heard; about 40 or 50 of the regiment remained on the hill-side.

After about fifteen minutes, the second charge was commenced, and not an inch did we yield as we slowly fought the way to the summit, which was reached in triumph about sunset, with 209 guns out of 271. Major Brennan had his horse shot under him while attempting to rally the men to our left, whom he did not know had been ordered to fall back, but the continued to do is duty gallantly, and fell from exhaustion in cheering on the men, bur recovered in a short time and came promptly to his post. Adjutant Hunt was also conspicuous in gallantly riding to the front, and upon the front, and upon the upset of the second charge he took the State flag and bore it far in advance of the regiment to within a few rods of the summit, when he fell seriously wounded, and said to those who came to his assistance that he wished them to win the battle first, and then take him off the field.

As to the conduct of my line officers, all behaved like heroes, and

