
[CHAP. XLIII.

Third Brigade.

Brigadier General CHARLES L. MATTHIES.

Colonel BENJAMIN D. DEAN.

Colonel JABEZ BANBURY.

93rd Illinois:

Colonel Holden Putnam.

Lieutenant Colonel Nicholas C. Buswell.

5th Iowa:

Colonel Jabez Banbury.

Lieutenant Colonel Ezekiel S. Sampson.

10th Iowa, Lieutenant Colonel Paris P. Henderson.

26th Missouri, Colonel Benjamin D. Dean

Artillery.

Captain HENRY DILLON.

Cogswell's (Illinois) Battery, Captain William Cogswell.

Wisconsin Light, 6th Battery, Samuel F. Clark.

Wisconsin Light, 12th Battery, Captain William Zickerick.

Numbers 4.

Reports of Major General Ulysses s. Grant, U. S. Army, commanding Military Division of the Mississippi, including operations since October 18, with orders and correspondence, November 19-29, congratulatory orders, and the thanks of Congress.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 23, 1863-3 p.m.

(Received 6.40 p.m.)

General Thomas' troops attacked the enemy's left at 2 p.m. to-day, carried the first line of rifle-pits running over the knoll, 1,200 yards in front of Fort Wood, and low ridge to the right of it, taking about 200 prisoners, besides killed and wounded. Our loss small. The troops moved under fire with all the precision of veterans on parade. Thomas' troops will intrench themselves, and hold their position until daylight, when Sherman will join the attack from the mouth of the Chickamauga, and a decisive battle will be fought.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 24, 1863-6 p.m.

(Received 4 a.m., 25th.)

The fight to-day progressed favorably. Sherman carried the end of Missionary Ridge, and his right is now at the tunnel, and left at Chickamauga Creek. Troops from Lookout Valley carried the point of the mountain, and now hold the eastern slope and point high up. I cannot yet tell the amount of casualties, but our loss is not heavy. Hooker reports 2,000 prisoners taken, besides which a small number have fallen into our hands from Missionary Ridge.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

Major-General Halleck.

