
advanced, conformatory to simultaneous movements on the left. The enemy was driven. At 3 p.m. our line was established at his former outposts, and made a formidable breastwork before dark. At 8 p.m., as directed by the colonel commanding, my regiment moved with brigade 200 yards to the left, and rested on arms during the night.

November 24, at 8 a.m., relieved with my regiment the Sixty-fourth Ohio on picket. No firing occurred on our lines that day.

November 25, was relieved from picket by Thirty-eighth Ohio at 4 a.m., and joined the brigade. About 1 p.m., as ordered, I moved my battalion 100 yards in advance of our line of works, to position in second line of battle in the demi-brigade, supporting the

Sixty-fourth Ohio, with the Sixty-fifth Ohio on my left and Seventy-ninth Illinois on the right. I was then informed we were about to take the enemy's works by Colonel Opdycke, who instructed me, when the order to charge should be given, "to conform to movements on the left, follow the Sixty-fourth Ohio, faithfully it, and not fail at all hazards to accomplish any work that regiment might be inadequate to perform." The order came, and the line advanced, steadily at first, till the brigade on the left commenced an imprudent fast march, that necessitated a confirmatory

double-quick movement of my command, through brush and over swampy grounds three-fourths of a mile to the enemy's works at the base of Mission Ridge. The most fearful tornado of bursting shells had now passed into a more destructive shower of grape. We held the enemy's works, filled with captives; but to remain there was destructive, to retreat dishonorable; so the advance was ordered by Colonel Harker and eagerly executed by my command, in the immediate front of an open battery, near General Bragg's headquarters on the crest. One-third the ascent was made when, unfortunately, the brigade on my left fell back to the works, bequeathing to us a severe cross-fire previously directed to it, and I was ordered to retire to that line. Not all my men obeyed; they merely halted and resting under cover of logs and stumps waited to be heroes in the final glorious charge, which, after a moment's needed rest, was ordered by Colonel Harker, and the men again rushed to the last onset. The enemy's fire was now terrific. Captain Bruff, of Company A, here fell with severe wound in the side, and Sergt. Freeman Thomas assumed command of his company.

Perceiving that the ridge across which my regiment extended was commanded to the very crest by a battery in front, also by those to right, and left, I directed the men to pass up the gorges on either side. About 40 men, with Captain Parks and Lieutenant Stinger, passed to the left, the balance to the right, and boldly charged on, till, foremost with those of other regiments, they stood on the strongest point of the enemy's works, masters alike of his guns and position, heroes in unsurpassed victory.

Especial praise is due to many for meritorious conduct, but to no officers more deserving than Captain Stewart, of Company D, and Lieutenant Clark, of Company H, whose cool management preserved boldest and encouraged the faltering.

With utmost satisfaction do I refer to the heroic conduct of Private John Simpson, of Company G, one of the few and faithful guards to the gallant Colonel Harker in his famous artillery ride, who, spying 3 rebels escaping with a load of ammunition and arms,

