
troops and continued to advance, taking advantage of sheltered places to make two temporary halts. We reached the summit a little before sunset immediately in front of the enemy's artillery, pursed the flying rebels over the ridge of the mountain and fired on them as long as they were within reach, the reformed near the building said to have been General Bragg's headquarters, and there receiving Colonel Harker's verbal order to that effect, again moved on in pursuit of the enemy's train; afterward received an order from Colonel Harker to halt, which I did; was urged by several officers and finally by General Wagner, who said he had General Sheridan's order to move all troops on to support his left, and Colonel Harker coming up at the same time, I moved the regiment up on a hill, on the left of where the enemy had some artillery. We were there fired on by some of our own men in our rear. After remaining some time we were ordered on picket. I placed half the regiment on post, intending to relieve with the other half at 1 a.m. of the 26th, but before that time were ordered forward; halted at Chickamauga Creek about 3.30 a.m., where we remained till afternoon, when we returned to our quarters at this place.

Very respectfully,

F. SWANWICK,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-second Illinois Infantry.

Maj. S. L. COULTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 57.

Report of Colonel Jonathan R. Miles, Twenty-seventh Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. TWENTY-SEVENTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY Volunteers, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report of that, in pursuance to orders, my regiment moved from camp at noon the 23rd of November, and took position in the line of battle, where we lay until evening, assisting in the meantime in throwing up temporary protection. Behind them we took position at dark, where we lay until the afternoon of the 25th. At or about 2 p.m. I moved my regiment to the front and took my position in the front line to charge the rifle-pits at the foot of Missionary Ridge, and also the ridge. At nearly 3.30 p.m. my regiment moved forward at double-quick across the open field and captured the two lines of rifle-pits in front of them, at the foot of the ridge, with nearly all the men in them, without firing but few shots. Up to this time my loss was very slight, owing in a great measure to the skirmishers from the

Forty-second Illinois keeping the enemy's heads below their works. We overtook the skirmishers near the first line of rifle-pits. The men were nearly exhausted by this time, and our progress from this time to the top of the ridge from this cause and the steep ascent was quite slow. But the regiment, without faltering, finally, at about 4.30 p.m., gained the enemy's works, in conjunction with a portion of the Thirty-sixth Illinois, who were immediately on our right. The regiment, or a portion of it, proceeded to the left down the ridge for nearly or quite one-fourth of a mile, capturing three or four pieces of cannon, driving the gunners from them. The regiment I again formed and moved

