
forward, and the morning of the 26th found the regiment on picket at the banks of the Chickamauga. In the afternoon, with the brigade, I moved my regiment to its present encampment, arriving at dark, where it now remains.

My loss was 2 commissioned officers killed and 5 wounded; also 8 enlisted men killed and 62 wounded.* Wounds generally severe. My loss was nearly all on the side hill.

All of which is respectfully submitted for your consideration,

J. R. MILES,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-seventh Illinois.

Maj. S. L. COULTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 58.

Report of Captain Edgar D. Swain, Forty-second Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. FORTY-SECOND REGIMENT ILLINOIS INFANTRY, November 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor of making to you the following report of the part performed by the Forty-second Regiment Illinois Infantry in the late battle of Missionary Ridge:

Upon Sunday, the 22nd instant, about 12 m., we received orders to march immediately, without blankets or rations, and moved in accordance. Marched to the front about half a mile outside the line of fortifications, and were assigned a position upon the left of the Dalton road, in the reserve line of battle, where we remained until about 1 p.m. of the 25th instant, when I received orders from Colonel N. H. Walworth,commanding demi-brigade, to move outside the line of rifle-pits and deploy the regiment as skirmishers, covering the front of the brigade, with he left joining the right of General Wagner's skirmish line. I then received instructions from Colonel Harker, commanding brigade, to advance at a given signal and attack the enemy in their rifle-pits. I did so under quite a heavy fire, charged and carried two lines of the enemy's works, capturing about 150 prisoners; then moved up the hill about 80 yards, and there remained until the line of battle came up, when, with them, and without rallying, we moved forward again, entering with it the enemy's works upon the crest of the hill, after which I rallied the regiment and joined the demi-brigade, and, under the command of Colonel Walworth, moved down the eastern slope of the ridge about one-half mile, but found no enemy, I remained in this position about one hour and a half, when I received orders to move into camp, upon the right of Moore's road, to Ooltewah, which I did. About 11.30 p.m. received orders to march, and moved to Missionary Mills, and camped for the balance of the night and a part of the day on the 26th instant, when we were ordered to return to our old camps at Chattanooga.

The casualties are 7 commissioned officers wounded, 5 enlisted men killed, and 39 enlisted men wounded. Whole strength of the regimen and 14 commissioned officers.

---------------

*But see revise statement, p.81.

---------------

