
Every officer of the regiment did his whole duty, and I cannot, without injustice, give to one more credit than to another.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. SWAIN,

Captain, Comdg. Forty-second Regiment Illinois Infantry.

Maj. S. L. COULTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 59.

Report of Captain Albert M. Tilton, Fifty-first Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-FIRST ILLINOIS INFANTRY, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor, through Colonel Walworth, commanding

demi-brigade, to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment since the 23rd instant:

The regiment left camp on the 23rd about 1 p.m., following the Twenty-seventh Illinois and forming line on its left on a knoll, near the old picket line, when one-half the regiment was ordered forward to build barricades. Moved forward to the breastwork at dusk, where we remained until the afternoon of the 25th, when, after forming in strip of timber in our front, we moved forward in rear of the Twenty-seventh Illinois, with the Twenty-second Illinois on our immediate left. The regiment marched in good order across the open field, under a heavy from the enemy's guns, and scaled the ridge.

Major Davis, commanding regiment, having been severely wounded and Captain Bellows killed, I took command, and, by order of Colonel Walworth, moved the regiment forward, deployed as skirmishers, supported by the Forty-second Illinois, about half a mile, where I remained in skirmish line until ordered to encamp.

Moved out at 1 a.m., in rear of the Twenty-seventh Illinois, to Bird's Mill; remained there the greater part of the day and returned to our old camp at dusk.

As far as my knowledge extends, every officer and man did his duty.

I am,major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,A. M. TILTON,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

Maj. S. L. COLTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 60.

Report of Captain William A. Naylor, Tenth Indiana Battery.

HEADQUARTERS TENTH INDIANA BATTERY, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

SIR: I would respectfully submit following report of the part taken by my command, stationed at Moccasin Point, on the 23d, 24th, and 25th of November instant:

On the morning of the 23d, I was directed to keep a close watch

