
upon Lookout Mountain and to open upon any of the enemy's troops which might be moving in the vicinity. About 3 p.m. a line of troops was noticed forming in the valley near the foot of the mountain, and the guns of the battery immediately opened upon it. This line soon moved by the flank to the direction of Missionary Ridge, and was soon beyond our range, and we had nothing further to call our fire for this day.

On the 24th, during the assault of Lookout Mountain, the troops of the enemy were discovered falling back before our advancing lines and retreating across the hill-side in plain view and direct range of our guns. Opening upon them with a brisk and destructive fire from 20 and 10 pounder Parrotts, they were prevented from rallying until they had reached a line of rifle-pits, east of the white house, in which they were still exposed to an enfilading fire from the battery. At this juncture I received an order from signal station, signed "Hooker," to cease firing.

About 3 p.m. I received an order from Major-General Thomas to shell the Summertown road, which I immediately did,until darkness prevented working to advantage. With night closed my participation in the action.

Respectfully,

WILLIAM A. NAYLOR,

Captain, Commanding Tenth Indiana Battery.

Captain LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Asst. Adjt. Gen. Artillery, Dept.of the Cumberland.

No. 61.

Reports of Brig. Gen. Thomas J. Wood, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division.
HDQRS. THIRD DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, ADJUTANT GENERAL'S OFFICE, Orchard Knob, in Enemy's Advanced Rifle-pits, Nov.24, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following summary of the results of the operations of my division yesterday:

I was ordered to make a reconnaissance with a view to developing the position of the enemy, but it resulted in a substantial attack on the most advanced line of the enemy's rifle-pits. These pits were placed along the crests of steep and difficult heights, which were gallantly carried. Our lines advanced magnificently and in perfect order. We hold the position gained and have strengthened it by additional works.

Our losses are as follows: Killed,29; wounded,161; missing,none. We captured 174, including 8 commissioned officers, 1 stand of regimental colors, belonging to the Twenty-eighth Alabama, and 250 stand small-arms.

A more full report will be made hereafter.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant Colonel J. S. FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

