HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, On Missionary Ridge, November 25, 1863-11 p.m.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the following as a summary of the operations of my division this p.m.:

Twenty-seven pieces of artillery captured, 700 prisoners, 2,000 stand small-arms, 1 stand regimental colors, 1 battle-flag.

As nearly as I can estimate it, my casualties are as follows: 800 killed and wounded. Among them are some of the very best officers of my division. Complete lists under all the different heads will be furnished at the earliest possible moment.

In regard to the artillery captured there can be ne doubt, since we have all of the pieces in possession, horses being captured with some of the batteries.

In regard to some of the other items of captures and casualties, there may be errors which more minute reports will correct. The above are believed to be approximately correct.

I cannot too highly commend the gallantry and good conduct of both officers and men. Their behavior was beyond all praise.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

Maj. Gen. JOSEPH J. REYNOLDS,

Chief of Staff.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field in East Tennessee, December 29, 1863.

SIR: As early as the 15th day of November, ultimo, it was generally known among the higher commanders of the troops assembled in Chattanooga that a movement was in contemplation to cause the investment, which had then continued nearly sixty days, to be raised. The investing force, commanded by General Braxton Bragg, of the rebel army, comprised eight divisions of infantry, arranged in four corps, under some of the ablest officers in the enemy's service. Reliable information obtained at the time movements for raising the investment were in contemplation showed that the rebel divisions averaged not less than 6,000 infantry each. This estimate would give 48,000 infantry as the foot-investing force. Including the artillery and cavalry, it would be a moderate estimate to place the whole investing force at over 50,000 men. The rebel divisions usually comprise four brigades, with a field battery attached to each brigade. This date would give 182 field guns as the artillery equipment of the beleaguering army, but a very imperfect understanding of the defensive power of the rebel army wold be obtained by considering naturally, and so intrenched by art, as to duplicate the defensive power of its members.

Lookout Mountain and Mission Ridge are so related to each other and to Chattanooga that the army which holds them commands the outlets from the town on the east, south, and southwest. The natural strength and command of the position occupied by the insurgents had been much improved by intrenchments. During the week commencing on the 15th and ending on the 22nd of November,

