
care of my seniors in rank. They speak in terms of high praise of their staff officers, and I doubt not justly. In writhing a report of operations affording opportunities for the display of personal gallantry and heroism, and for rendering high and distinguished service, it is impossible to chronicle the name of every officer or soldier specially distinguishing himself. And when all have done well to attempt to discriminate between individuals would perhaps lead to invidious distinctions. But as in extensive operations some are fortunate enough to specially distinguish themselves, it is doing no more than justice to them to commemorate their names in ad official report. Colonel Berry, commanding Fifth Kentucky, displayed conspicuous gallantry on the 23rd and on the 25th. He was slightly wounded on both days. Colonel Wiley, commanding

Forty-first Ohio, rendered signal service on both days, and displayed high courage. In the assault on Mission Ridge he received a ghastly wound in his right leg, rendering amputation necessary. Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon, First Ohio, charging with his regiment up to the very crest of Mission Ridge, was severely wounded.

Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, commanding Thirty-fifth Illinois, after being among the very first on the summit of Mission Ridge, rendered the most important service by a prompt movement to the left, whereby a portion of the resisting rebels were swept off. Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler then, according to his brigade commander's report, followed up the enemy 1 1/2 miles in his retreat. Colonel Stout, commanding Seventh Kentucky, and Colonel Knefler, commanding Seventy-ninth Indiana, distinguished themselves by the vigor of their assaults on Mission Ridge and the ardor with which they attacked the rebels after the crest had been gained.

To the members of my personal staff---Captain Bestow, assistant adjutant-general; First Lieutenant Yaryan, Fifty-eighth Indiana, and Second Lieutenant Shaffer, Ninety-third Ohio, aides-de-camp; Captain Bartlett, Forty-ninth Ohio, inspector-general of the division, and Captain Wells, Eighty-ninth Illinois, assistant commissary of musters, who accompanies me on the field throughout the entire operations-my thanks are specially due for much valuable assistance, promptly and intelligently rendered. They all bore themselves with signal gallantry. Captain Bestow was slightly wounded by the fragment of a shell in the assault on Mission Ridge.

To the members of my staff who were not immediately on the

field-Captain Bradley, Sixth Ohio Battery, chief of artillery; Captain Myers; Lieutenant Haldeman, ordnance officer, and Captain Taft, provost-marshal - I must thanks for the excellent manner in which they performed their appropriate duties. Captain Bridges, commanding the battery which was posted on Orchard Knob during the night of the 23d, did good service.

Special praise and commendation are due to that accomplished and Christian gentleman, Surg. W. W. Blair, medical director of the division, for the excellent arrangement provided in advance for taking care of the wounded, and for the prompt manner in which, as far as human power could do it, their sufferings were alleviated.

Though it may be unusual, I trust it will not be considered in bad taste, more especially when it is remembered that we commenced the career of arms together in our boyhood, if I return my sincere acknowledgments to the commander of the corps (Maj. Gen. Gordon Granger) of which my division is a part for the prompt and hearty

