
by the Sixty-eighth Indiana, and a portion of the Eighth Kansas, took the first battery on the left, drove the enemy from the guns, and passed it. This battery was afterward claimed as a trophy by another command. Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler, carrying his regimental colors after 7 colors sergeants had been killed or wounded, the colors receiving more than thirty bullet holes, planted them on the works, where they were soon joined by those of the Sixty-eighth Indiana, Eighty-sixth Indiana, and Fifty-ninth Ohio (the two latter of General Beatty's brigade). Here

Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler wheeled the Thirty-fifth Illinois and Sixty-eighth Indiana, and portions of the Eighty-sixth Indiana and Fifty-ninth Ohio to the left, and charged the enemy in the flank, while the other regiments of the brigade followed the fleeing enemy down the east slope of the ridge and took from him five pieces of artillery and eight caissons, which had already reached on their flight a half to three-quarters of a mile from the crest.

Colonel Chandler followed up the charge in the flank of the enemy for 1 1/2 miles, joined by men of Generals Beatty and Baird's commands, who had gained the crest in the wake of the charge.

I then recalled my regiments from the pursuit, and received orders from General Grant in person to reform the brigade on the crest for further eventualities, which I did.

Our trophies, credited to my brigade, are 5 pieces of artillery, 8 caissons, 1,200 stand of small-arms, 2 battle-flags, and between 300 and 400 prisoners, though properly it is entitled to more.

It should be a rule that no command has a right to claim a trophy which it finds and from which it does not drive the enemy by force of arms.

The loss of the brigade is 7 officers killed, 17 officers wounded, 46 enlisted men killed, 267 enlisted men wounded; total,337.*

This, compared with the result, slight loss is explained, as on the 23d, by our rapid advance.

To speak of the bravery and patriotism of the officers and men of the brigade would only be a repetition of what I had to say of the Thirty-second Indiana, Forty-ninth Ohio, Fifteenth Ohio,

Eighty-ninth Illinois, already so often after each battle in which they fought and conquered, and who have found in the Eighth Kansas, Twenty-fifth Illinois, Thirty-fifth Illinois, Fifteenth Wisconsin, and Sixty-eighth Indiana their peers.

I must decline to mention names of braves among the brave. The name of Lieutenant-Colonel Chandler I had to mention to elucidate the claims of other commands farther to the left to have reached the works on the ridge first, or simultaneously with us. For the names of our noble dead for deeds of individual gallantry, I respectfully refer to the regimental reports.

I respectfully call the attention of the higher commanders again to the fact that by the fate of battle the regiments of my command have been reduced to less than one-fourth their strength, and urgently ask that steps be taken to fill up the regiments, so that our invaluable veterans do not waste away altogether.

I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

A. WILLICH,

Brigadier-General.

Captain E. T. WELLS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.81.

---------------

