
No. 63.

Report of Colonel Richmond H. Nodine, Twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry.

CAMP OF TWENTY-FIFTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: The following is respectfully submitted as a report of the part borne by the Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteer Infantry in the taking of Mission Ridge:

The regiment moved out of camp about 1 p.m. on the 23rd instant, took position in the brigade in front of Fort Wood. In connection with the balance of the brigade advanced at 2.30 p.m. on first line of enemy's works, they having been driven out by the line of skirmishers in our front. At 6 p.m. relieved the line of skirmishers in our front from the Eighth Kansas Volunteers with three companies of this regiment.

At 10 a.m., 24th instant, was relieved by the Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteers, and the regiment fell back as reserve in the second line.

On the 25th instant, at 1 p.m., relieved the Sixty-eighth Volunteers and again took position in the first line with three companies in front as skirmishers.

At 3 p.m., when the signal was given for a general advance, the skirmish line was pushed rapidly forward, and the enemy's works at the bottom of the hill carried, the battle-flag of the Forty-second Alabama Regiment and a number of prisoners captured. We then pushed forward, under a galling fire from the enemy's batteries stationed on the knobs at the right and left of us at the distance of 300 or 400 yards, and close-range musketry on our front and flanks, until we reached the crest of the ridge, when the enemy broke and ran in confusion.

Arriving at the top of the hill a portion of the advance followed the retreating enemy, capturing one James rifled cannon and seven caissons loaded with ammunition. The recall was then sounded, and the regiment assembled on the top of the ridge, where it bivouacked for the night.

The effective force of the regiment when it went into the engagement was: Commissioned officers, 16; enlisted men,244; aggregate,260.

The following are the casualties: Killed, enlisted men,9. Wounded, commissioned officers,5; enlisted men,53. Aggregate,67.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. NODINE,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain SCHMITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 64.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William P. Chandler, Thirty-fifth Illinois Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTY-FIFTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS Volunteers, In the Field, December 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this regiment in the action of the 23d, 24th, and 25th days of November, 1863:

On the 23rd day of November, this command was organized as follows:

