
Company A, commanded by First Lieutenant John Phillips, of Company H; Company B, commanded by First Lieutenant William L. Warning; Company C, commanded by Captain Parsons, of Company H; Company D, commanded by Captain Vance; Company E, commanded by Second Lieutenant F. M. Allhands; Company F, commanded by Second Lieutenant Thomas Hogan; Company G, commanded by Captain Nelson Staats, of Company K; Company H, commanded by Captain S. M. Parsons; Company I, commanded by Second Lieutenant C. V. B. Smith; Company K, commanded by Captain Nelson Staats;

Captain Turax, Company I, acting as lieutenant-colonel.

On the 23rd ultimo, this regiment was formed on the left of the brigade in the first line of battle, supporting the left of the line of skirmishers, and advanced in its proper position to the enemy's rifle-pits, which were taken, and in which we remained during the night, with a loss of 1 man wounded.

On the 24th ultimo, 2 men were wounded on the skirmish line, and at 1 p.m. we were relieved in the rifle-pits by the Fifteenth Wisconsin Volunteers, commanded by Captain Gordon, when the regiment was retired to the second line, where it lay in reserve until 12 m., 25th ultimo, when it took its former position in the front line and on the left of the brigade.

During the forenoon the enemy threw several shells into our position, but without injury. About 2 p.m. I received orders from Brigadier-General Willich, commanding brigade, to be prepared to advance whenever the signal of six guns should be fired in quick succession.

In compliance with these orders the regiment was formed in the front line and on the left of the brigade, supported by the

Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteers; in the second line the

Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers on the right and the brigade of Brigadier-General Beatty on the left.

The signal being given about 2.30 p.m., the regiment advanced in line, and in good order at quick time about one-half mile, when receiving a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries on Mission Ridge, about half a mile distant, the double-quick step was taken and maintained about a fourth of a mile, when the enemy's rifle-pits at the foot of the ridge were easily carried. Our line having then reached the line of skirmishers, both entered the enemy's works together.

Having advanced more rapidly than the troops on my left, and reaching the enemy's works considerably in advance of them, I halted my command and fired a volley at a heavy column of the enemy retiring up the ridge under cover of a battery immediately in front of my left. The slight resistance made by the retreating column of the enemy induced me to believe that a vigorous charge would succeed in silencing or capturing their battery, the fire from which was very rapid, but not destructive. Directing my color sergeant to advance directly on the battery in front of my left, I ordered the regiment forward.

They advanced rapidly to within 20 steps of the enemy's works, there being exposed to a very destructive fire from the enemy's infantry, the men, being completely exhausted by their rapid advance up the steep hill, were compelled to halt at that critical point. Fearing that the movement would fail, I moved to the front just in time to receive the colors from the hands of the sixth colors

