
corporal, Preston (the color sergeant, Alex. Hughes, and 5 corporals having previously been wounded), as he was instantly killed.

About this time I noticed Captain Houston, of the Twenty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, with one company of that regiment, gallantly supporting me, and also Lieutenant McInerny, of the Eighty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, urging forward his men, thus enabling us to keep up a deadly fire upon the enemy whenever they showed themselves above their embankment, until the advance of the

Sixty-eighth Indiana Volunteers came charging up the hill to our assistance, when, calling upon the men to follow, I carried the flag into the enemy's works, preceded by a gallant soldier of the Sixty-eighth, who was shot dead the moment he passed over their parapet.

Lieutenant McInerny, with the advance of the Eighty-sixth Indiana, with their flag, immediately followed, and in a few moments the colors of the Sixty-eighth entered on my right.

During our advance up the hill and after entering their works, the enemy's battery immediately on our left was pouring in a heavy fire, and as soon as our front was cleared of infantry the colors of this regiment, together with the colors of the Sixty-eighth and Eighty-sixth, were moved rapidly to our left and the men called on to follow, which they gallantly did, driving the enemy before them and capturing two of their cannon. At that time I noticed an officer actively engaged leading on the men, whom I afterward learned was Captain Watson, of the Fifty-ninth Ohio Volunteers, and also another flag, which I believe was the flag of that regiment.

After the capture of the cannon, the four colors were rapidly advanced to our left, the men of the various regiments following and pouring a deadly fire on the enemy's flank whenever he attempted to make a stand. Thus was he drive from his rifle-pits for 1 1/2 miles, our numbers constantly increasing by other commands coming up in our rear, and the enemy was repulsed by their assistance in a vigorous assault made about sunset.

At dark, firing having ceased, I joined the brigade about 2 miles to our right. Many of the retreating enemy were overtaken and captured on the slope of the hill, and also large numbers in their works on the crest of the ridge.

Too much praise cannot be given to both officers and men for their gallant conduct on that day. Major McIlwain, Captain Keys, Company F, and First Lieutenant George B. Peake arrived from Murfreesborough just in time to take part in the assault, and rendered valuable assistance by their activity and bravery. Captain Keys and Lieutenant Peake were wounded.

The large number of the enemy killed in the works at the point carried by us shows the stubbornness of the resistance made by them, and attests to the skill and courage of our men, they killing more of the enemy in his works than our loss on the outside. Our colors received 32 shots.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. CHANDLER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Cap. CARL SCHMITT,

A. A. G., First Brig., Third Div., Fourth Army Corps.

