
The casualties of the Eighty-ninth are comparative light. Captain Henry L. Rowell was seriously wounded near the crest of the ridge while gallantly leading his company. Second Lieutenant Erastus O. Young, commanding Company A, fell near the crest, shot dead, while shouting "Forward and victory!" Three enlisted men were killed and 31 wounded during the advance up the hill.

The following is the list of casualties in the Eighty-ninth Regiment Infantry Illinois Volunteers during the operations of the 23d, 24th, 25th, and 26th of November, 1863: Commissioned officers, 1 killed and 1 wounded; non-commissioned officers, 5 wounded; privates, 3 killed and 24 wounded; total killed and wounded, 34. None missing.

Annexed please find list of killed and wounded by name and rank.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

WM. D. WILLIAMS,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Eighty-ninth Illinois Infantry Volunteers

Captain CARL SCHMITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 66.

Report of Colonel Frank Erdelmeyer, Thirty-second Indiana Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-SECOND INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 28, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to report the part taken in the engagement of the 23d, 24th, and 25th instant, at Missionary Ridge, by the Thirty-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers, as follows:

On the right of the brigade, second line, to support the Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers Infantry. The regiment did not become engaged that day, but lost, while advancing toward the enemy, 1 man killed and 1 man wounded.

We built breastworks on top of Bald Knob on the evening of the 23rd instant, and relieved the Fifteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in front on the morning of the 24th instant, and remained on picket during that day, without any shots being exchanged in our immediate front.

On the morning of the 25th instant, at about 10 o'clock, the pickets of my regiment were ordered to advance. The line advanced boldly toward the enemy, driving their strong picket line into their intrenchments on foot of the ridge. The pickets were than relieved by the Fifteenth Ohio Volunteers Infantry, and the regiment took position in the second line behind Bald Knob. At 3 p.m., a general advance having been ordered, the regiment advanced in double column when the signal was given. The column being exposed to the enemy's artillery fire, I deployed the regiment, and advanced through the woods in line of battle. Coming to an open field, the artillery fire of the enemy becoming desperate with grape and canister, I advanced the regiment in double-quick time, driving the enemy out of the intrenchments on foot of the ridge. On arriving at the breastworks, being too much exposed to the artillery fire of the enemy, I deemed it advisable to advance at once. The order having been given, the men at once vigorously and gallantly advanced and slowly climbed

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

