
up the Missionary Ridge, taking possession of the ridge, capturing five pieces of artillery with caissons and many prisoners, who were sent to the rear.

The colors of the Sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry and the

Thirty-second Indiana Volunteers were the first that arrived on the crest of the ridge, where the enemy had partly rallied and seemed to be disposed to make another stand. The men immediately turned the artillery of the enemy and forced the rebel cannoneers to load and fire into their own men. The organization of companies and regiments was entirely broken, but the men resolutely pushed forward, driving the rebels precipitately before them, and routing their lines who tried to rally on foot of the ridge in the woods; also killed several cannoneers and artillery horses, who tried to haul several pieces of artillery away, and compelled them to surrender.

It is my painful duty to announce to you herewith the death of Maj. Jacob Glass, who was lately commissioned as lieutenant-colonel of the Thirty-second Indiana Volunteers, and wounded at about the center of the Missionary Ridge while charging up the ridge.

The losses of the regiment during the engagement are 1 field officer and 8 enlisted men killed, and 35 enlisted men wounded.

Before closing my report, I cannot abstain to give my full praise to all officers and men for the promptness, gallantry, bravery, and good behavior displayed by them during the whole engagement, and under such trying circumstances.

I have the honor to remain, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

FRANK ERDELMEYER,

Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-second Regiment Indiana Volunteers

Brig. Gen. A. WILLICH,

Commanding First Brigade.

No. 67.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Harvey J. Espy, Sixty-eighth Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. SIXTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOLUNTEERS, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report, for the information of the general commanding, the following as the part taken by my regiment during the several days' engagement around Chattanooga:

Being placed as support to the Thirty-fifth Illinois Volunteers, on the 23rd instant, I was not enabled to bring men into action during that day, but, while advancing, Privates---- ----,---- ----, were wounded in their hands.

The column being halted on the line of rifle-pits abandoned by the rebels, a mile distant from Missionary Ridge and parallel with it, finding a gap between the left of General Willich's brigade, of which my regiment had the honor to form a part, and the right of Beatty's brigade, I asked and obtained permission to place my regiment in the gap, thus bringing it in front.

During that night both men and officers were constantly employed with ax, pick, and spade, making rifle-pits to complete the connection between the two brigades. Never have I seen men more patient, or work with a better will. During the whole of the after part of the day we were exposed to the fire of the enemy's artillery, but,

