
although they seemed to have the range of the rifle-pits, but little damage was done, their shells seldom exploding. On the morning of Tuesday, the 24th instant, I took the place of the Twenty-fifth Illinois, in line of battle. My regiment being small, I was compelled to divide it into three reliefs for picket duty on my front, which, being added to the labor and fatigue of the day and night before, was very trying on both men and officers. But I must do them the justice to say that I did not hear a complaint from any one. During the night no disposition was manifested to press my front, and everything remained quiet until 10.30 o'clock on Thursday [Wednesday], the 25th, when the picket line was ordered to advance, which they did in fine style. Some casualties occurred on account of the failure of the skirmishers on my left to keep up connection with mine, they becoming at one time stationary, and thus allowing the enemy on my left to gain a cross-fire.

Privates Washburne, of Company H, and Hohn, of Company E, were both slightly wounded. Too much praise cannot be awarded to Captain Bryant and Mauzy, Lieutenants Wilkinson, Wheeler, and Bailey, who were commanding the skirmishers, and Captain Moore and Lieutenant Wood, who were with the reserve. The names of Privates Henry Bickle, of Company H, and Nelson Hammel, of Company E, here deserve honorable mention for the intrepidity and daring with which they followed up the enemy. The enemy was drive from his works at the base of the hill, but for some reason the skirmishers were withdrawn again into the timber, probably to gain cover for a new picket line, the works being on open ground.

Nothing further of note occurred until 3.30 o'clock, when the signal was given for a general advance of the line, my left being again placed to support the Thirty-fifth Illinois. The movement was made in fine style under a very severe fire of shot and shell, until we gained the open field, when we found it necessary to move at double-quick step, the enemy having a cross-fire over the field, and the air being filled with grape and canister. I have never seen men move with a firmer than did mine under a fire so galling.

On they moved, driving the enemy again from his works at the base of the hill, and on, up the ascent beyond.

The charge, as it was, was irresistible, and would have been much more so had it not been for the fatigue of the men, consequent upon their double-quicking so far before beginning the ascent. Many of the enemy threw down their guns and ran through my ranks to the rear. After passing through the first line of works, and within about 120 yards of the works upon the hill, I was struck down by the explosion of a shell, from which I did not sufficiently recover to observe anything more until the hill was carried by our troops, and from which I am still suffering.

Honorable mention might be made of may officers and men, but I fear to do injustice to others who might not have come under my observation.

But I feel it a duty to mention the name of Lieutenant John Reese, of Company C, acting adjutant, whose voice could be heard far above the did and road of battle, urging on and encouraging the men. He was shot through the body, just before reaching the works, and died in a few hours.

Sergeant Short, of Company B, color bearer, also richly deserves to be mentioned for the noble manner in which he breasted the storm of bullets, and carried and planted our colors upon the works.

