
struggled to be first on the top, and officers and men of the regiment, without a single exception, exhibited the highest courage and the most devoted gallantry in this fearful charge. The enemy held their ground until we were only a dozen yards from the breastworks, when they broke in wild confusion and fled in panic down the hill on the opposite side. A portion of our men pursed them for nearly a mile, assisting in capturing and hauling off several pieces of artillery and caissons, which the enemy were trying to run off.

We occupied the summit of Missionary Ridge until the night of the 26th, when we were ordered to return to camp at this place.

Our loss was 1 commissioned officer wounded, and 3 enlisted men killed and 23 wounded.

Where all behaved with such conspicuous courage, it is difficult to make distinctions, but I cannot forbear mentioning my adjutant, Lieutenant Sol. R. Washer. Wounded at Chickamauga, and not yet recovered from the effect of the wound, suffering from a severe sprain of the leg, which prevented his walking, he mounted his horse and rode through the whole battle, always foremost in danger. Major Edward F. Schneider also left a sick-bed to go to the battle-field.

The line officers present-Captain James M. Graham, Company C; Captain John Conover, Company F; Captain Samuel Laighton, Company A; Captain Robert Flickinger, Company G; Lieutenant Marion Brooks, Company I; Lieutenant Williams S. Newbury, commanding Company H; Lieutenant William H. Babcock, commanding Company H, and Lieutenant Rowland Risdon, Company E-all behaved with marked gallantry and courage.

Sergt. William Melchert, commanding Company B, and Sergt. Thomas Adamson, commanding Company D, should also be mentioned for conspicuous gallantry and courage.

The regiment went into the battle with 219 effective men. I send accompanying a list of killed and wounded.*

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

JNO. A. MARTIN,

Colonel Eighth Kansas Volunteer Infantry, Comdg.

Captain CARL SCHMITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 69.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Frank Askew, Fifteenth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTEENTH REGIMENT OHIO INFANTRY Volunteers, Camp near Knoxville,Tennessee, December 20, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this command in the operations in front of Chattanooga, from the 23rd to the 25th days of November, inclusive:

About noon on the 23d, we received the order to prepare to move out immediately, with two days' rations in haversacks and 60 rounds of ammunition. Our preparations were soon made, and about 1 p.m. we moved out of the works, following the Forty-ninth Ohio, and formed directly in front of Fort Wood, being on the right of the first line of the brigade, and connecting with the left of the first line of General Hazen's brigade. We remained here a short time waiting

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement,p.81.

---------------

