
some of the horses shot, and the artillerists driven off or captured. The command being by this time very much scattered and disorganized, and fearing that there might be an attempt on the part of the enemy to regain the ridge, I caused the rally to be sounded, and in as short time as possible we were reorganized and ready for any movement, offensive or defensive, and awaited orders.

While resting here, Captains Dawson, Carroll, and Pettit were sent with details from the regiment to bring up the artillery and caissons, which we had compelled the enemy to abandon. They returned with five pieces of artillery and several caissons.

Shortly after this I received the order to join the brigade on the top of the ridge, which we did, and our operations for this day were ended. I desire to call the attention of the general to the gallant conduct of Sergeant Ward, our color bearer, who, while climbing up the ridge with the colors in advance of the regiment, received a severe wound. The colors were taken up by Corporal Norton, one of the color guard, and borne on up, and we have the gratification of knowing were among the first which were planted on the enemy's works.

Robert B. Brown,* a private of Company A, also deserves special mention for having captured a flag of the enemy. Major McClenahan and Adjutant Dubois were present during the operations of the three days, and fully sustained their reputation as brave men and good officers, which they had gained on other battle-fields.

Captain J. C. Cummins (who has his left arm shot away after he had gained the top of the ridge), Captain Glover, Captain Dawson, Captain Carroll, Captain G. W. Cummins, Captain Pettit, and Captain Byrd (who was again wounded, having just rejoined the regiment from an absence on account of wound received at Chickamauga) were conspicuous for their gallantry, and were with their men cheering them on. The subalterns of the regiment bore themselves well, and rendered valuable service. Lieutenant Sanders, who was killed, although but lately promoted, gave promise of being as good an officer as he was an excellent soldier.

I regret that on account of the already voluminous extent of this report I cannot furnish you the names of every non-commissioned officer and private of this regiment who participated in the assault on Mission Ridge, but I hope that measures may be taken to have their names preserved and recorded, so that in after days, when their labors shall have been rewarded with the blessings of peace, they may be able to point with pride to the fact that they were among the heroes of Mission Ridge. Our loss was as follows:

Officers and men.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

Commissioned	 1	 2	 ----	 3

officers.

Enlisted men.	 3	 18	 ----	 21

Total	 4	 20	 ----	 24

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANK ASKEW,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain CARL SCHMITT, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Awarded a medal of honor.

---------------

