
on the ridge, filling the air all around with exploding shells. At this juncture the order "double-quick" was given, in order to gain the protection of the works almost captured by our skirmishers. The order was promptly and cheerfully obeyed, but on reaching them they were found insufficient and altogether untenable; to have stopped here would have been annihilation. We were now receiving a murderous fire from infantry and artillery posted on the hill above. We therefore pushed forward and gained a position under the hill, the enemy being unable to depress his artillery sufficiently to reach us. Having advanced over a distance of half a mile at double-quick my men were completely exhausted,and we halted to rest, taking such shelter as we could find, behind small stumps, logs, and inequalities of the ground.

The fire to which we were now exposed was terrific beyond conception, and from the position we occupied we were unable to check it by firing; our only hope was to charge the hill.

The order to advance was again given, and the men went bravely forward, toiling up the hill, going step by step, until the crest was reached, and the enemy in our front completely routed.

My color sergeant, David Armstrong, was among the first on the ridge, and proudly planted the colors on the deserted works of the enemy.

When we gained the ridge the enemy opened on us from a battery posted on our left, giving us an enfilading fire and raking their own rifle-pits. From this battery we suffered severely, but our presence over the ridge and on their left flank, compelled them to desert their guns and join their flying comrades. Pursuit was made for a quarter of a mile, taking many prisoners and contributing to the capturing of several pieces of artillery.

The regiment being considerably scattered, I thought it prudent to halt and reorganize, which was done,and we joined the brigade on the ridge.

Our loss in this day's engagement was 55 killed and wounded. Among the killed, we mourn the loss of Lieutenant Miller, White, and Arndt. I feel altogether incompetent to pay a suitable tribute to the memory of these gallant officers. They entered the service as enlisted men, and earned their promotions by heroic deeds on many sanguinary fields.

Lieutenant Miller was the favorite of the regiment and beloved by all who knew him, a Christian here, whose example is eminently worthy of imitation. He fell on the parapet of the enemy's works, and lived to see victory perched upon our glorious banner.

Lieutenant White was a fitful officer and a true gentleman, whose loss is keenly felt by the entire regiment.

Lieutenant Arndt distinguished himself at the battle of Stone's River; his gallant conduct being witnessed by his colonel, he was promoted therefor. He died while bravely urging forward his men to that fearful charge.

I cannot commend too highly the conduct of every officer in this command. To their courage and skill I owe the success of the regiment. I take pleasure in asserting the fact that they are

all-day men, ever at their post of duty. They have participated, without an exception, in all the battles in which the command has been engaged. The country owes them a debt of gratitude for their distinguished service and patriotic sacrifices.

My thanks are due Captain L. M. Strong, acting field officer, and

