
Sergt. Maj. D. R. Cook, acting adjutant, for valuable assistance on the field. I might mention many case of individual courage among enlisted men worthy of special mention, but too numerous to embody in this report; due notice will be made of them hereafter.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. F. GRAY,

Major, Commanding Forty-ninth Ohio Infantry.

Captain CARL SCHMITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 71.

Report of Captain John A. Gordon, Fifteenth Wisconsin Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTEENTH WISCONSIN INFANTRY, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that my regiment, Fifteenth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, consisting of 13 men, moved out of camp on the afternoon of November 23, and formed a part of the second line of our brigade, then forming in front of Ford Wood; moved with the brigade to where it took the first line of the enemy's rifle-pits; remained there all night, sleeping on our arms.

On the morning of the 24th, moved to the left of the front line, and relived the Thirty-fifth Illinois Infantry, and on the line that so gallantly drove the enemy to their last line of works at the base of the mountain. About 1 p.m. we in turn were relieved by Thirty-fifth Illinois Infantry, and took a position assigned us as reserve, in the rear of the Sixty-eight Indiana and Eighth Kansas Volunteer Infantry; moved in this position, with the brigade, to the top of Missionary Ridge.

Our casualties were nominal, having only 6 men slightly wounded. It would be invidious for me to particularize where all tried to do their duty.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN A. GORDON,

Captain, Comdg. Fifteenth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry.

Captain CARL SCHMITT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 72.

Reports of Brig. Gen. William B. Hazen, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., THIRD DIV., 4TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, November 24, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the result of the operations of my brigade yesterday, as follows:

Losses: 2 officers killed an 12 wounded; 26 enlisted men killed and 127 wounded; total, 14 officers and 153 men.

