
situated on a rocky hill, was carried in the most handsome manner, capturing nearly the entire regiment holding it, the Twenty-eighth Alabama Infantry, with their colors.

It was not accomplished, however, without serious cost to the Forty-first and Ninety-third Ohio Regiments. Major Birch, leading the latter, fell here, also 11 of his men killed and 48 wounded.

The Forty-first Ohio lost 11 men killed and 52 wounded. Colonel Wiley and Lieutenant-Colonel Kimberly, of the same regiment, each had horses killed under them, and Colonel Berry, commanding the skirmishers, was twice struck.

This position was actually carried at the point of the bayonet, the enemy being captured behind their work by the men leaping over it.

During the last half mile of this advance my right was entirely exposed, and suffered severely from an enfilading fire of the enemy.

The night of the 23rd was employed in strengthening our position by works, and the 24th was passed without engaging the enemy.

At about 11 a.m. on the 25th, I was ordered to advance my skirmish line sufficiently to develop the enemy's strength behind his main line of breastworks at the foot of Mission Ridge and about one-half mile in our front. This was handsomely done, under the immediate command of Lieutenant-Colonel Christopher, Sixth Ohio Infantry. In this advance Maj. S. C. Erwin, Sixth Ohio, was killed by a shell, and 8 or 10 other killed and wounded.

At about 3 p.m. this day I received orders to move forward with the remainder of the division and take possession of the enemy's works at the foot of Mission Ridge, taking cover behind them, and there to await further orders.

The One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio was on picket and used as skirmishers. The other formations of battalions were similar to that on the 23rd instant, the Sixth Kentucky reporting to Colonel Christopher and acting with the Fifth Battalion, and the Sixth Indiana Volunteers acting with the Second. Both lines were deployed, the Third and Fifth forming the first, and the First and Second the second line.

At the signal the brigade moved forward, and simultaneously a fire from at least fifty pieces of artillery from the crest of Mission Ridge was poured upon us. We moved in good order at a rapid step, under this appalling fire, to the enemy's works, which were situated about 300 yards before and toward Chattanooga from the crest of the ridge, the enemy fleeing from these works at our approach.

The command, on reaching these works at the foot of the hill, covered itself, as ordered, on the reverse side of them as best it could, but very imperfectly, being so near and so much below the crest of the ridge.

The musketry fire from the crest was now telling severely upon us, and the crest presenting its concavity toward us we were completely enfilade by artillery from both flanks.

The position was a singular one, and can only be well understood by those who occupied it.

The command had executed its orders,and to remain there till new ones could be sent would be destruction; to fall back would not only be so, but would entail disgrace.

On commencing the advance, the thought of storming Mission Ridge had not entered the mind of any one, but now the necessity was apparent to every soldier of the command.

