
No. 73.

Report of Maj. Calvin D. Campbell, Sixth Indiana Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.

HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT INDIANA VOL. INFANTRY, Camp near Knoxville, Tennessee, December 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as the part taken by my command from the morning of the 23rd ultimo to the present time:

At 12 o'clock the 23d, I was ordered to move out at once and consolidate with the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which I did. After consolidating, Colonel Pickands in command, we moved out in front of Fort Wood, forming a line of battle on the left of the brigade, my regiment being the extreme left.

We were then ordered to advance upon the enemy's works in Chattanooga Valley, a distance of three-fourths of a mile, where we met with a considerable force in the works, but after a few

well-directed fires from us they fell back, and we took possession of their works, where we remained until dark. After dark we advanced our line over the crest of the hill, and threw up a strong line of breastworks.

At 3 a.m. the 24th, I was consolidated with the Fifth Kentucky, and operated with it during the remaining part of the battle.

About 2 p.m., November 25, we were ordered to advance upon the second line of the enemy's works, at the base of Missionary Ridge, a distance of three-fourths of a mile. We had advanced but a few yards when the enemy opened their batteries upon us. The enemy seeing our column advancing, left the second line before we got within range of them. Arriving at the second line we halted and rested a few minutes. We then made a charge upon the third line of works upon the crest of the ridge through a dense hail of lead and iron a distance of half a mile. When we arrived within 15 or 20 yards, I gave my command orders to fix bayonets and go into them, which was done. We rushed upon them, capturing quite a number of prisoners and several pieces of artillery. I claim to have had the first colors on the ridge. I had 1 man killed on one of the pieces of artillery, and as soon as he fell the color bearer jumped upon the same gun and was shot through the leg. A part of my command used the guns that we captured upon the enemy to good effect. Lieutenant-Colonel Treanor, of the Fifth Kentucky, and myself, with a part of the two regiments, followed the enemy a considerable distance, and was ordered back to where the remainder of the two regiments were on the ridge, and took a position and threw up breastworks, where we remained until 9 p.m., November 26. We then moved back to our old camp in Chattanooga.

On the evening of the 27th, I posted my command upon the old picket line.

On the evening of the 28th, I was ordered to consolidate with the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which consolidation remained during the march to this place.

On the 28th, we left camp and moved out about 6 miles, and bivouacked for the night.

On the 29th, marched at 6 a.m. and reached Harrison at dark, and went into camp.

