
On the 30th, we moved from camp early and reached they ferry on the Hiwassee River at dark.

On the next day, December 1, we remained in camp until 2 p.m., and then moved on to the river, crossing about dark, and camping about 1 mile beyond.

On the 2nd, we marched 20 miles, passing through Decatur.

On the 3rd, we reached Sweet Water, a distance of 17 miles, after dark.

On the 4th, we started early and reached a point within 3 miles of the Little Tennessee River.

On the morning of the 5th, we moved out of camp early and crossed the river, camping in the evening.

On the 6th, we passed through Maryville, and early in the afternoon reached our camping ground on a small river. My command was ordered on picket.

On the 7th, we left camp about 7 a.m., and marched to within 2 miles of Knoxville, a distance of 10 miles, reaching our present camp.

During the engagement of the 23rd and 25th of November, I cannot speak in too high terms of the officers and men of my command.

Every one acted coolly and deliberately, with a determination to win or die, and their record is one of which I am proud.

The loss of my command is as follows: In the engagement of the 23d, 9 wounded; in that of the 25th, 13 killed and 51 wounded, and 4 commissioned officers wounded; aggregate lost in action,77; missing during the march,2; total,79.

C. D. CAMPBELL,

Major, Commanding.

Captain CROWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 74.

Report of Colonel William W. Berry, Fifth Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. FIFTH KENTUCKY VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Knoxville, Tennessee, December 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following report of the operations of my command from the 23rd of November to the 7th instant, inclusive:

Being on picket in front of Chattanooga at 2 p.m., November 23, I received orders to deploy my entire command, consisting of the Fifth and Sixth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry, as skirmishers. This done, the "Forward!" was sounded, and the line advanced with great regularity. The enemy's pickets fell back rapidly on their reserves, which were strongly posted behind rifle-pits on the crests of a series of knobs, some of which were timbered,other bare. At but one point along the line was the opposition strong enough to check the skirmish line, and this was but momentary, as the Ninety-third an Forty-first Ohio Regiments came up in fine order, and the whole line went over the works, capturing the principal portion of the enemy's forces in them, flags, guns, accouterments, and all. In this affair, Captain J. P. Hurley, one of my best officers, fell mortally wounded. He died next day. The service could not have met with a heavier

