
loss in the death of a single individual. Major Whitaker, Sixth Kentucky, held his portion of the line fully up the works.

We held the position thus taken till the afternoon of the 25th, when I received orders to consolidate the Fifth Kentucky Regiment with the Sixth Indiana Volunteers, and be prepared to advance on the enemy at once. The position assigned me in the brigade was on the left of the second line. There was to be an interval of 400 yards between the lines. At the proper time I advanced, and reached the enemy's second line of works a few moments after the first line of battle had occupied them. This was the extent of my order. But hearing Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon, commanding that portion of the first line in my front, order if forward, I advanced simultaneously. In a little while the lines became mingled, the strong men of each regiment outstripping the weaker in climbing the steep acclivity, and thus the heights of Mission Ridge were carried, and eighteen pieces of artillery captured with, I believe, the entire force of the enemy in our front.

Again I have to regret the loss of a capital officer, Captain Wilson, killed half way up the ridge. Young, earnest, and brave, his country and comrades will never forget the sacrifice there made. The guns captured were immediately turned upon the enemy in General Sheridan's front. The rebel cannoneers good naturedly assisted in this artillery practice, which to us was rather novel business.

Lieutenant-Colonel Treanor, Fifth Kentucky, and Major Campbell, Sixth Indiana, merit the highest commendation for the energy and coolness with which they organized a body of men from all the regiments, and threatened to cut off the enemy to our right, thus relieving General Sheridan from a most determined opposition.

The officers and men of my command cannot be awarded too great honor for their heroic conduct in this the most fiery ordeal of the war. The whole thing was more a matter of individuals than of organization, and consequently the glory is more personal than in any battle I know of. My loss was heavy, but were the dead only living I should esteem the triumph cheaply purchased.

The temporary absence, on account of wounds received in this battle of Captain Huston, Lieutenants Zoller and Thomas, is a source of considerable embarrassment, as they are most valuable officers.

My color bearer, Corporal Murphy, was killed within a few feet of the summit in advance of the entire brigade. I had no braver man in my command. Adjutant Johnstone and Surgeon Miller brave my thanks for the service rendered me, and I especially commend Sergeants Wolf and McDermott for their handsome behavior.

You are respectfully referred to Major Campbell's report for those honorably mentioned in Sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

We remained on Mission Ridge till the evening of the 26th, when we moved to Chattanooga to prepare to set out of Knoxville, which point we reached, after ten days' marching, on the afternoon of the 7th instant. Inclosed you will find lists of the killed and wounded of the Sixth Indiana, Fifth and Sixth Kentucky Regiments.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. BERRY,

Colonel Fifth Kentucky Volunteers.

Captain CROWELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

