
fire. The roar of artillery was deafening, but the regiment moved steadily forward, and having cleared the timber and come in full view of the enemy, he seemed to redouble his artillery efforts and the line accelerating its pace, the rattle of his small-arms was added to the crash of bursting shells. Through all the line advanced up to and drove from their breastworks at the base of the hill the panic-stricken enemy. After a short breathing spell, I ordered the regiment to advance to the crest of the hill, which it did, halting only twice in the ascent to gain breath. Having gained the crest and breastworks, the enemy fleeing in front of us, a part of the regiment was sent to the right, by order of Lieutenant Bierce, of General Hazen's staff, and the remainder I turned to the left to meet a rally of the enemy, which was successfully done by this part of the regiment, aided by a portion of the Sixth Ohio, under command of their lieutenant-colonel. In this attack the colors of the Sixth Kentucky were planted upon two pieces of artillery before the drivers dismounted, a part of a battery which the enemy were driving off the field. None of it escaped, though these were the only pieces brought to the brigade. Some of the Sixth Ohio were with my men and colors when the cannon were captured. The fight closed in my front about half an hour before sunset.

Both officers and men deserve great praise for the coolness and soldierly bearing exhibited in both these engagements.

The Sixth Kentucky remained on the ridge that night and the next day. The night of the 26th, returned to camp at Chattanooga, where it remained the next day and night, and on Saturday, 28th, took up the line of march for Knoxville, which was reached on the evening of the 7th, meeting with nothing but the incidents usual upon a march.

Subjoined is a list of the casualties sustained by the regiment in the two engagements.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. T. WHITAKER,

Major, Commanding Sixth Kentucky Infantry.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 76.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel James C. Foy, Twenty-third Kentucky Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.

HDQRS. TWENTY-THIRD REGIMENT KENTUCKY VOL. INFTY., Camp near Knoxville, Tennessee, December 8, 1863.

SIR: About noon on the 23rd of November, 1863, as we lay in camp at Chattanooga, Tennessee, I received the order to march, each man to have 100 rounds of cartridges on his person, as soon as possible. I reported to Colonel Langdon, of the First Ohio Infantry. In a very short time the two regiments were organized into one battalion, Colonel Langdon commanding. The First Ohio was organized into six companies of 36 men each and 34 sergeants. The Twenty-third Kentucky was organized into four companies of 36 men each and 15 sergeants. On arriving at the ground assigned for the formation of

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement,p.82.

---------------

