
the brigade our battalion was assigned on the right of the second line, about 100 yards to the rear of the Forty-first Ohio and Ninety-third Ohio, the First Ohio forming the right, the

Twenty-third Kentucky joining their left. We marched straight out across the railroad, in double column on the center. After was has proceeded 500 or 600 yards the colonel directed me to send out the rear division to protect our right as flankers, Major Stafford commanding.

We now moved on and soon took possession of the enemy's first line of works to the right of the Forty-first Ohio, where we lay until nightfall. In the meantime we has sent out two companies of the First Ohio to our front, which kept up a continual skirmish fire with the enemy. We now sent Captain Tifft, Twenty-third Kentucky, to relieve a company of skirmishers of the Forty-first Ohio, who had expended their ammunition. A little before dark, at General Hazen's own suggestion we sent out Captain Trapp, First Ohio, a little to our front, to take possession of a high knob commanding a large view all around. By this time night had sent in, and commenced throwing up breastworks. We only had three companies present with us, the other seven being on the picket line. Two of those companies, by command of Colonel Langdon, were put at works on the breastworks, each company working two hours at a time through the night. The third company, under Captain Mavity, of the Twenty-third Kentucky, was divided into two reliefs, and put to chopping brush from our front. I was on duty until 1 o'clock that night, when, through the kindness of Colonel Langdon, I laid down and tried to take a little rest. At 4 a.m. I was awakened by the colonel. By this time the men had made a pretty fair line of breastworks, long enough for twice the number of men that we had to fight behind. The men now stood to arms, but some of the men took turns and kept throwing up dirt, so that by breakfast time we had a splendid line of rifle-pits to fight behind. We remained in this position throughout the day,nothing occurring worth of notice. Our loss on the 23rd of November was 1 killed, 2 severely wounded, and 1 slightly wounded.

On the evening of the 24th of November, I reported to

Lieutenant-Colonel Christopher, Sixth Ohio, for picket duty. He ordered me to commence on the right of the One hundred and

twenty-fourth Ohio, who were then on picket duty, and relieve them as far as my regiment would, that he would connect with me on the left and relieve the balance of the line. This I did. The night was passed in perfect quiet.

About 10 a.m. on the 25th, we were ordered to advance our line of skirmishers, which we did, driving the enemy into his first line of breastworks. It was nicely done. My right did not move out as fast as the left; it seemed as if the skirmishers to our right did not move out hardly any. After some work I had the right to move out on a line with the left and center. This was nearly to the brow of the hill. I now proceeded toward the left of the line to see if Colonel Christopher had any other orders; had proceeded but a little the left falling back, Captain Williams commanding. I called out to them to know what was the matter, I could see nothing to fall back for. Some of the men answered that Captain Williams was ordered to march his company back. The two companies on my right stood fast. Captain Barnes now informed me that the Sixth Ohio had fallen back and that Colonel Langdon had ordered us to

19 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

