
fall back also. I knew this must have been a mistake about Colonel Langdon, but the Sixth Ohio being the direction regiment, I knew it must be right. I then ordered the men to retreat back so as to connect with the right of the Sixth Ohio. We now lay undisturbed until about 1 p.m., when the enemy opened a battery on us throwing shot and shell right in the midst of the skirmishers. So close and accurate did they shoot that I was obliged to make the men lie down, and expose themselves as little as possible. The shelling was kept up until about 3 p.m., when we were relieved by the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio. Our loss this day to this time was 3 wounded. I now reported with my regiment to Colonel Langdon, of the First Ohio. The two regiments were again formed into one battalion and marched to where the left of the brigade had previously rested. We were now formed in line of battle, our two regiments forming the right of the first line. After about fifteen minutes the bugle sounded the advance, the whole brigade moving over our breastworks and down the hill at a double-quick. The enemy opened a heavy fire of shot and shell on os from Missionary Ridge, but nothing daunted, the entire line moved on. After we had proceeded a short distance-I was on the right of the battalion, in my place as second in command-Colonel Langdon now ordered me to the left to hurry up my regiment, saying that I knew the men better than he did. I immediately went there and hurried the men along by all possible means. It was almost impossible for some to keep up. I could not run along the whole line, but so far as I saw, every man did as well as he could. My position on the right of the regimental line was tolerably close to the colors.

We were not long in gaining the first line of breastworks, where we halted to again breath. I was completely out of breath. The enemy now poured a concentrated fire into our ranks. The position was a very exposed one and Colonel Langdon soon gave the order to advance. We now rushed up the hill, the enemy pouring a destructive fire into our ranks. There never was such a bold and daring charge made or witnessed by the Army of the Cumberland. The bravery and impetuosity of this charge need not be described to you; yourself and our general witnessed it and were in the midst of it. When within about 500 yards of the top of the hill Colonel Langdon gave the order to fix bayonets, which was done while we still kept advancing. When within about 25 yards of the top of the hill, Colonel Langdon, who was exhorting the men to do their best, fell wounded. I was close to him at the time. I did not say or do anything at that moment to let the men know it. As soon as he recovered a little, I asked him if we should go on. He said nothing, but told me to pick out 5 or 6 men and have them watch a log that was not more than 12 or 15 steps from us, and to shoot the rebels as they raised up. Captain Mavity, Twenty-third Kentucky, was standing by me. I knew he had some good shots in his company, and I instructed him in regard to the colonel's wishes. We could see them plainly. They did not stay there long. The colonel now gave me the order to advance, which we instantly did. This was the last that I saw of Colonel Langdon, who is as brave and as prudent an officer as there is in the Army of the Cumberland. We were up the hill in a very few moments, and some of the rebels who had been murdering our men to the last moment, rolled over on their backs and looked up in a very pitiful attitude. We did not have a moment to lose on them, but started some of the first one down the hill and left

