
December 6, passed through Maryville, Tennessee; encamped about 3 miles beyond, making some 8 miles.

Monday, December 7, started and crossed Little River, at Rockfort, and marched about 9 miles; encamped about 2 miles from Knoxville,

Tennessee

In conclusion, I would say that our march in the last ten days has been pleasant. The weather was remarkably fine for this season of the year, and the roads were very good.*

Yours, very respectfully,

JAMES C. FOY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-third Kentucky.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 77.

Report of Maj. Joab A. Stafford, First Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. FIRST REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Camp near Knoxville, December 8, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the part taken by the First Ohio Regiment in the engagements of the 23d, 24th, and 25th of November, near Chattanooga, Tennessee

On the afternoon of the 23d, the regiment was consolidated with the Twenty-third Kentucky, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Langdon, of the First Ohio, and took its position, forming double column close en masse, on the right and in rear of the front line. In this manner the regiment advanced until the line in front became hotly engaged with the enemy. At this moment I was ordered by Colonel Langdon to take two companies form the battalion and move to the right oblique, for the purpose of protecting the flank. I did so, taking Company B, First Ohio, and one company of the Twenty-third Kentucky, and pressed forward, taking possession of the enemy's line of breastworks on the right, being opposed only by a slim line of skirmishers. A few moments after we had occupied the enemy's works they appeared on our extreme right, advancing for the purpose, no doubt, of turning our flank. I deployed a line of skirmishers to cover the flank. At this moment Colonel Langdon came up with the balance of his command, drove the enemy back, and held the position. In this skirmish the regiment behaved nobly, losing 1 man killed and 3 wounded.

On the night of the 23d, the regiment was occupied in strengthening its position and doing picket duty.

Nothing worthy of note happened on the 24th. On the morning of the 25th, two companies of the regiment being on the skirmish line, were ordered to advance along with the balance of the skirmishers of the brigade. They advanced to within about 300 yards of the enemy's works under a sharp fire from their infantry and artillery. Soon after, the two companies from the First rejoined their regiment. Lines were then formed preparatory to an advance on the enemy's works. The First took position on the right,in the

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 9 men killed and 2 officers and 34 men wounded-a total of 45.

---------------

