
Upon the march from Chattanooga to this place nothing worthy of note occurred.

Respectfully submitted.

J. A. STAFFORD,

Major, Commanding First Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 78.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Alexander C. Christopher, Sixth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Camp near Knoxville, Tennessee, December 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by my command in the engagements of the 23rd and 25th November, near Chattanooga, Tennessee:

On the afternoon of the 23d, I was ordered, with my regiment, to take position on the left of the second line of battle, and moved forward with the brigade, but took no active part in the engagement. That night threw up breastworks in our front.

On the evening of the 24th, the Twenty-third Kentucky

(Lieutenant-Colonel Foy commanding) was ordered to report to me, and at dark my command was sent on picket and relieved the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio.

About 10 o'clock on the morning of the 25th, I was ordered to advance my line and ascertain what force the enemy had in their works at the foot of Missionary Ridge. I did so, and drove their pickets into the rifle-pits, and found that but a small force occupied them. The skirmishers of the brigade on my left having been ordered to fall back, did so, which obliged me to retire my line and occupy the edge of the woods through which I had passed. At this time Major Erwin was struck by a piece of shell and instantly killed. In the death of this valuable officer the regiment suffered a heavy loss, as his bravery and efficiency had endeared him to all.

Between 2 and 3 p.m. my command was relieved by the One hundred and twenty-fourth Ohio and returned to our line of works. Soon after the Sixth Kentucky (Major Whitaker commanding) reported to me, and I was ordered to take position on the left of the first line of battle. At the signal for advance, moved forward and gained the crest of the ridge, with the balance of the brigade.

I am pleased to state that every officer and man of my command did his duty. To Major Whitaker, Sixth Kentucky, I am indebted for the aid he rendered me in the advance on the ridge.

Attached I forward a list* of the killed, wounded, and missing during the several engagements of the 23rd and 25th ultimo.

During the march from Chattanooga to this nothing occurred worthy of mention.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,A. C. CHRISTOPHER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement,p.82.

---------------

