
brigade was formed to carry the enemy's works at the foot of Missionary Ridge. Colonel Wiley's battalion was assigned a position on the right of the second line. The battalions of this line were deployed, having to pass for three-quarters of a mile under fire of the enemy's batteries on the ridge before coming upon the works at the foot. Scarcely was the line in motion before the enemy commenced a furious cannonade from the ridge, which was continued uninterruptedly until his batteries fell into our hands. The works at the foot of the ridge were carried by the skirmish line, and the battalion moved up and covered itself behind them, as well as was possible. While lying here Colonel Wiley, who had incautiously exposed himself, was struck by a canister-shot, which shattered his leg. A few moments afterward I heard the order from the brigade commander to assault the enemy's line at the summit of the ridge, and the command of the battalion having devolved upon me, I at once ordered them men forward. Owing to the noise of the cannonade, and the fact that the men were lying flat upon their faces for cover, it was impossible to make this command heard along the entire line. After advancing briskly about 50 paces, perceiving my men were not yet all up, I checked the movement for a moment to close up the line. The enemy's canister was thrown too thickly, however, to permit an instant's halt here, and at my command the enemy men promptly commenced the ascent of the ridge. This was very steep and covered with stumps, logs,&amp;c. The advance was made steadily, though of course slowly, and the nature of the ground prevented any attempt at the preservation of lines. When about two-thirds of the ascent had been accomplished, I saw that the face of the hill where my battalion was moving was concave, and exposed to fire from the rifle-pits at the top, while a battery to the right enfiladed the line. To the left 50 paces the face of the hill was convex, and a part of the left battalions was moving up well covered. To take advantage of this, I closed to the left most of my men, and with the rest, who were now within 30 paces of the enemy's rifle-pits, opened a fire upon the battery to the right, which throwing canister very rapidly. The fire of my men was very effective, the rebel gunners firing but two shots we opened upon them, when they deserted their pieces and ran. Half a dozen men of the Forty-first Regiment, who were farthest to the right, at once seized the battery, and, turning it upon the enemy, added materially to the panic had now seized them. The party to my left, before alluded to as moving up the convex face of the hill, had entered the enemy's rifle-pits, and the portion of my battalion to the right of this were fast forming in them, when going forward to look down the opposite slope, I discovered the enemy rallying just under the crest. Sending the colors of my regiment forward to the crest, the men were ordered to advance, when they dashed upon the enemy without waiting for command, and drove him entirely form the position.

To the right the enemy still held out, and my battalion, with others of the brigade, advanced along the ridge several hundred yards, when it was halted and prepared to defend the place should the enemy attempt to retake it. No further fighting occurred, and the evening was spent in collecting the artillery which had been captured.

On the night of the 26th, the battalion returned to camp at Chattanooga, and on the 28th, marched with the brigade for Knoxville, reaching its present camp on the 7th instant.

