
No. 80.

Report of Captain Samuel B. Smith, Ninety-third Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-THIRD REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Knoxville, Tennessee, December 8, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following as my official report of the part taken by the Ninety-third Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the late battles of the 23rd and 25th ultimo:

On the afternoon of the 23rd ultimo, the Ninety-third Regiment, under the command of Maj. William Birch, consolidated with the Forty-first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Colonel A. Wiley commanding. The consolidated battalion advanced toward the breastworks of the enemy in front of Fort Wood. When within about 200 yards of the rebel works bayonets were fixed and the works were taken by assault. While advancing through the woods, and before reaching the enemy's lines, Major Birch received a mortal wound and was carried to the rear, Captain Daniel Bowman assuming command of the Ninety-third Regiment.

Upon entering the rebel works the colors of the Twenty-eighth Alabama Regiment were surrendered to Captain Bowman. Our loss in the charge was comparatively heavy, caused by exposure to an enfilading fire from both sides, besides that from the front. The regiment retained and occupied the position it had gained until the afternoon of the 25th, when, being consolidated,as before, with the Forty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry, it advanced against the rebel works at the foot of Missionary Ridge, assaulted and carried them.

During the few minutes it remained behind the last-mentioned works, Colonel Wiley, commanding the consolidated battalion, was seriously wounded and Captain Bowman, commanding the Ninety-third, received a slight wound. Both were carried to the rear.

Lieutenant-Colonel Kimberly assumed command of the consolidated battalion and I, being the senior officer present with the regiment, assumed command of the Ninety-third.

Being ordered forward, I advanced with the regiment to the assault of the rebel works on the summit of Missionary Ridge, which, the Ninety-third participating, were so brilliantly carried by the brigade. Upon entering the works, the colors of a rebel regiment (number unknown) were surrendered to Sergt. D. L. Sutphin, of the Ninety-third Regiment.

The following is a list of the killed, wounded, and missing of the Ninety-third Regiment in the battles of the 23rd and 25th ultimo:

K i l l e d. W o u n d e d.

Date.	 Officers.	 Enlisted	 Officers.	 Enlisted

 	 men.	 	 men.

November 23	 --- 	 12	 3	 42

November 25	 --- 	 3	 2	 19

Total	 ---	 15	 5	 61

M i s s i n g.

Date.	 Officers.	 Enlisted men.	 Aggregate.

November 23	 ---	 ---	 57

November 25	 ---	 ---	 24

Total	 ---	 ---	 81

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

Very respectfully,SAML. B. SMITH.

Captain, Comdg. Ninety-third Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

