
My regiment marched with the brigade from Chattanooga to Knoxville without any casualties.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES PICKANDS,

Lieutenant-Colonel.

Captain JOHN CROWELL, Jr.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 82.

Reports of Brig. Gen. Samuel Beatty, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., THIRD DIV., FOURTH ARMY CORPS, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor most respectfully to submit the following report of the operations of my command in the late movement from this place:

On Monday afternoon, November 23, at 1.30 o'clock, in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Wood, commanding Third Division, Fourth Army Corps, I marched the regiments of my command from their camps and formed in double columns in support of the brigade of Brigadier-General Willich.

In anticipation of this movement I had caused each of the seven regiments of my brigade present, except the Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel Alexander M. Stout commanding, to be consolidated into five companies, each forming commands of two battalions, under the senior field officer of the two battalions, the first, composed of the Seventy-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Fred. Knefler, and the Eighty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel George F. Dick, commanded by Colonel Knefler the second, composed of the Thirteenth Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Dwight Jarvis, and the Fifty-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Maj. Robert J. Vanosdol, commanded by Colonel Dwight Jarvis; the third, composed of the Ninth Regiment Kentucky Volunteers, Colonel George H. Cram, and the Nineteenth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, Colonel Charles F. Manderson, commanded by Colonel George H. Cram.

The Nineteenth Ohio, Colonel Charles F. Manderson, was on outpost duty that day, and was ordered by Brigadier-General Willich, corps officer of the day, to re-enforce the picket line and advance as skirmishers. I ordered Colonel Cram, commanding the Ninth Kentucky, to support it with his regiment, while with the balance of my command I advanced, in support of the brigade of General Willich, 1 mile, when, by order General Wood, I deployed the Seventy-ninth Indiana, Colonel Knefler, and the Eighty-sixth Indiana, Colonel Dick, in advance of my column, with left refused to guard against a flank attack by the enemy. The firing of the enemy's batteries was very sharp and my men were much exposed to it, but very happily none were injured by it at this place.

The brigade of General Tyndale, of the Eleventh Corps, moved into position on my left, and at dark the troops of Major-General Howard relieved the Ninth Kentucky and Nineteenth Ohio Regiments, which joined the balance of my brigade. In their skirmishing

