
during the afternoon these regiments very gallantly drove the enemy from one line or rifle-pits (which were afterward vacated by the extension of my line to the right and reoccupied by the rebels, and a heavy force of the Eleventh Corps was at first repulsed in the attempt to carry them). In doing this they lost 1 man killed, 1 officer and 10 men wounded in the Nineteenth Ohio, and 2 men wounded in the Ninth Kentucky.

During Monday night the Seventy-ninth and Eighty-sixth Indiana Regiments and the Thirteenth and Fifty-ninth Ohio Regiments threw up very substantial rifle-pits and defenses of logs, and a detail from the Seventeenth Kentucky felled the timber in front for an abatis.

Tuesday my command remained quiet, picketing a limited space in front of the troops on my left.

On Wednesday morning, the 25th, the troops of the Eleventh Corps having moved away from the general commanding the division, I moved the Thirteenth and Fifty-ninth Ohio Regiments to the left and rear in double column, ready to deploy to the left or front as might become necessary. At 2.30 p.m. I received orders from General Wood to prepare to advance, with two regiments in line, with the front of General Willich's brigade and the balance of my brigade in column. (The Ninth Kentucky was deployed as skirmishers, covering a front left of my brigade front, and in the advance were supported by the troops of General Baird's division.) The advance of my brigade was the Seventy-ninth Indiana, Colonel Fred. Knefler, and the Eighty-sixth Indiana, Colonel George F. Dick. These regiments advanced with spirit and drove the enemy from his rifle-pits and works at the foot of the ridge.

The fire of the enemy was so hot here, and enfiladed us so completely, that Colonel Knefler,commanding the two regiments, was not ordered to halt, and pushed on up the hill. This rendered it necessary to support them with other troops, and, being unable to obtain communication with General Wood, I immediately ordered forward the Thirteenth Ohio, Colonel Jarvis, and the Fifty-ninth Ohio, Major Vanosdol, to their assistance. Most gallantly did these regiments spring to their work, and step by step, exposed to the terrific fire of batteries on the right, left, and in front, did they ascend the steep hill.

Hoping to obtain a firm footing on the ridge, I ordered forward the remaining two regiments of my brigade, Seventeenth Kentucky, Colonel Stout, and the Nineteenth Ohio, Colonel Charles F. Manderson,

to support those already sent forward, and soon after received the order from General Granger to send forward all my troops.

These two regiments advanced in splendid order. By the time they were half way up the side of the ridge the four regiments in advance had gained the crest and occupied the rebel works, having successfully, at the second attempt, charged the enemy from them and planted their colors on the summit of Mission Ridge. The colors of four regiments of my brigade., viz. Seventy-ninth Indiana, Eighty-sixth Indiana, Thirteenth Ohio, and Fifty-ninth Ohio, were.

almost simultaneously planted on the enemy's works. At nearly the same time the colors of a regiment of General Willich's brigade were established on the works by its colonel.

At this time the Seventeenth Kentucky, Colonel A. M. Stout, and the Nineteenth Ohio, Colonel Charles F. Manderson, arrived at the summit of the ridge in good order, forming in the rebel rifle-pits in

