
line, with two regiments of General Willich's brigade on their right, and the Thirteenth and Fifty-ninth Ohio Regiments and a part of the Eighty-sixth Indiana moved to the left and assisted the Ninth Kentucky, which had gained the summit of a point to the left of my position to capture four pieces of artillery, three of which we moved to the Signal Hill. The fourth was captured by the Ninth Kentucky, Colonel Cram, the colors of that regiment being placed upon the gun by Lieutenant W. A. Sutherland, of my staff. That regiment advancing upon the enemy, the gun was left in possession of other troops,which arrived after them. A hard fight ensued at that point, and the enemy was fast re-enforcing, but he was held in check by these parts of regiments till the arrival of General Baird's division,in support, when he was, after stubborn resistance, driven in confusion.

The Seventy-ninth Indiana and Eighty-sixth Indiana followed down the hill, skirmishing with the retreating enemy, who fled in great confusion.

The Seventeenth Kentucky was moved forward to a position indicated by Major-General Granger, supported by the Nineteenth Ohio, and, by his personal command, fired a full volley after the fleeing rebels. This ended the fighting in that front.

Men of the Seventy-ninth Indiana and Eighty-sixth Indiana, and a detail from the Nineteenth Ohio, hauled up from the front three pieces of artillery with limbers and one caisson with limber, which had been run down the hill by the rebels, but in their hasty retreat they were unable to get them farther.

Another piece was captured by my men, but was hauled from my front during the night by other troops. I posted the Seventeenth Kentucky on outpost and bivouacked for the night. Thursday. details were made to bury the dead and gather up small-arms. Forty-two rebel dead were buried on the point known as Signal Hill.

The captures of my brigade amounted in all to 8 pieces of artillery with limbers, 1 caisson with limber. Besides these pieces three others were taken possession of by my troops, but in the advance they were left with troops who came up in support of us; over 200 small-arms, 176 prisoners, including a Major Fergus, Forty-second Alabama (besides hundreds not receipted for), 1 regimental battle-flag, and 1 Confederate flag, which last, I regret to say, was torn to pieces as mementoes by the capturing troops before brought to the attention of their commanding officers

In recounting the operations of my command in the advancing of the lines on the 23d, and the charging of Mission Ridge on the 25th., I have to compliment Colonel Fred. Knefler, Colonel Alexander M. Stout, Colonel George F. Dick, Colonel Dwight Jarvis, Colonel George H. Cram, Colonel Charles F. Manderson, and Major Robert J. Vanosdol for the discipline and efficiency of their troops,and upon the gallant style with which each vied with the others in doing their utmost to secure a victory to our arms. The advance of the Seventy-ninth and Eighty-sixth Indiana was strongly resisted by the enemy, but led by their gallant commanders,and supported by the advance of the Thirteenth and Fifty-ninth Ohio Regiments in splendid style, succeeded in first planting the national flag on the rebel works on the summit of Mission Ridge. The advance of my reserve regiments, the Seventeenth Kentucky and Nineteenth Ohio, was under a very heavy fire, but they moved in line i excellent order, and arrived upon the crest soon after the planting of the colors upon it. The Ninth Kentucky

