
was deployed, covering a front of nearly half a mile to the left of my immediate front, and arriving upon the summit of the hill were enabled by the support of other portions of my brigade to drive the enemy and capture artillery.

Colonel George H. Cram received a severe wound after arriving on the ridge; but the whole was under the eye of the general commanding the division, and other commanding generals, and further comment is needless.

I beg to call your attention to the appended list of casualties, which is surprisingly small compared with the results attained.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

SAMUEL BEATTY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding

Captain M. P. BESTOW,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division.

Recapitulation.

Killed Wounded Missing Aggregate

Regiment	 Offic	 Enlis	 Offic	 Enlis	 Offic	 Enlis	 Offic	 Enlist

 ers	 ted	 ers	 ted	 ers	 ted	 ers	 ed men

 	 men	 	 men	 	 men

19th Ohio	 ---	 1	 2	 10	 ---	 ---	 2	 11

79th Indiana	 ---	 ---	 ---	 28	 ---	 ---	 ---	 28

9th Kentucky	 1	 4	 5	 25	 --- 	 ---	 6	 29

17th Kentucky	 ---	 ---	 ---	 5	 ---	 ---	 ---	 5

13th Ohio	 ---	 2	 1	 17	 ---	 1	 1	 20

59th Ohio	 ---	 ---	 2	 25	 ---	 ---	 2	 25

86th Indiana	 1	 5	 2	 38	 ---	 ---	 3	 43

Total	 2	 12	 12	 148	 ---	 1	 14	 161

CAPTAIN: I respectfully submit the following statement in regard to the capture of seven pieces of artillery by my brigade on Mission Ridge on the 25th instant:

After the taking of the point to the right of the house, and afterward occupied by me for headquarters, and by the signal corps a station, the Thirteenth Ohio and Fifty-ninth Ohio Regiments, and parties of other regiments of my brigade, moved to the left to the next hill past the house. They then charged the battery on the last-named hill, and the colors of the Fifty-ninth Ohio were placed on one gun, and the adjutant of that regiment and the adjutant of the Thirteenth Ohio placed their hands on another piece at the same time. They were followed by the men of their regiments and the pieces possessed.

Captain Watson, Company A, Fifty-ninth Ohio, with his men, took possession of a third piece in advance of the first two, and turned it upon the enemy to fire, but by the time it was loaded our own men were inn the way. This last piece had four white horses attached, and Captain Watson, had it moved to the Signal Hill by the team. The first two pieces were taken possession of by Adjutant George, Thirteenth Ohio Volunteers, and by men of the Thirteenth and Fifty-ninth Ohio Regiments hauled to the Signal Hill. Three pieces were brought up from the second ridge and the valley between,

