
in my direct front, by men of the Seventy-ninth Indiana and a detail from the Nineteenth Ohio.

The Ninth Kentucky Volunteers was deployed as skirmishers in front of the division of General Baird and charged up the hill to the left of the Signal Hill, and was accompanied by Lieutenant Sutherland, of my staff, who placed the colors of the Ninth Kentucky upon another piece, which was not moved from where it was captured. General Wood accompanied the Ninth Kentucky and knows that no other troops than those of his division passed up at that place until the hill with the battery was possessed.

The gun which was at the foot of the hill in my direct front was taken away by troops on my left, making eight guns in all captured by my brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL BEATTY,

Brigadier-General commanding.

Captain M. P. BESTOW

Assistant Adjutant-General

Numbers 83.

Report of Colonel Frederick Knefler, Seventy-ninth Indiana Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-NINTH REGIMENT INDIANA Volunteers,.

Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Seventy-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers and Eighty-sixth Regiment Indiana Volunteers, consolidated, and placed under my command by order of General Beatty, in the battle before Chattanooga:

On the 23rd instant, at noon, orders were received to march, and leaving our camps we formed at supporting distance, in double column, in rear of the left of Brigadier-General Willich's command.

The advance being made, we followed in the above order for about a mile, halted, deployed the column, and were ordered to form on the left of General Willich's line. Not a shot was fired by my command during all this time. At night orders were received to fortify our position with rifle-pits and abatis. During the night we succeeded in accomplishing and carrying out the order as directed, and had at the break of day a line of field-works of much strength. Nothing occurred Tuesday, the 24th, or Wednesday, the 25th, until about 3 o'clock in the afternoon, at which time I was ordered by General Beatty to advance with my command beyond our works and form on the left of the front line of General Willich, to advance and take the rifle-pits of the rebels in our front. The rebels upon our approach abandoned their rifle-pits, which were occupied by our forces. Not having received any order to remain in the rebel works, I ordered my command to advance upon the mountain side in our front. Crossing the open space beyond the works we met a terrible fire, enfilading my command in all directions. The fire of the rebels becoming very severe, and their infantry in front, who were retreating before us, halting occasionally and firing upon us, I perceived that the safety of my command required it to get the protection of the mountain side to be enabled to take shelter among the trees and

