
thanking Colonel George F. Dick, of the Eighty-sixth Indiana Volunteers, for the valuable assistance rendered me in commanding the two regiments while consolidated during the battle and from the time we left our camps.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. KNEFLER,

Colonel Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers.

[Captain O. O. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.]

Numbers 84.

Report of Colonel George F. Dick, Eighty-sixth Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTY-SIXTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,November 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following as a report of my regiment in the late engagement near Chattanooga, on the 23rd of November:

According to orders received from your headquarters, I moved out my regiment, which, according to previous arrangement, had been consolidated with the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, Colonel Fred. Knefler commanding. My regiment formed the left wing of the battalion, and we moved in front of Fort Wood, where, with the brigade, we formed in double column in mass. We then moved on the

enemy and halted when about 1 mile east of the fort, where we were ordered to deploy in line of battle. We lay in this position till dark, nothing occurring in our front with the exception of picket firing, when we were ordered to move to the right a short distance. We bivouacked until about 11 p.m., when orders were received to dig rifle-pits and construct an abatis in front by felling the dense timber.

The 24th we lay in the same position awaiting further orders.

On the 25th, at 3.30 o'clock, we received orders to move forward, which we did, and halted outside the abatis, and formed in line with and to the left of General Willich. Orders were given to forward on double-quick and charge the enemy's breastworks at the base of Missionary Ridge. We double-quicked about 1 mile, driving the enemy before us in confusion and took possession of his works, during the whole of which time we were under a most deadly fire from his guns on the ridge. It was here that Major Jacob C. Dick and Lieutenant Jerry Hough, commanding Company B, received wounds which disabled them to lead their men farther. The pursuit was continued, and when at the foot of the ridge we had to face volleys od musketry from the enemy. We charged the hill through this hail, which was poured into our ranks from rifle-pits at the summit of the mountain, which was about 1,200 feet in height, and the ascent at about an angle of 50. When about two-thirds of the way up, the brave and much loved Captain Southard., Company K, was instantly killed while gallantly leading and cheering his men. When within about 50 feet of the enemy's works our men, being so nearly exhausted, halted behind stumps and trees to rest. Again we started, following the colors, which were nobly borne aloft by the color bearer, Sergt. Stephen Cronkhite, Company E. This gallant

