
soldier deserves much honor for his bravery in bearing the unfurled Stars and Stripes up these steep and rocky heights, and in the face of a most bitter fire. When within 15 feet of the enemy's works he fell wounded and was unable to go farther. They were taken up by Sergt. Thomas J. Graves, Company D, who gallantly carried them over the works and pursued the confused and retreating enemy.

Here might be mentioned that some of the men were in advance of the colors. Private John Clawson, Company C, has the proud honor of being the first man inside the works in our front on the heights of Missionary Ridge. A portion of the regiment continued the pursuit, following the retreating enemy, pouring deadly volleys into his confused and scattered ranks. When about a quarters of a mile to the left of the point where we reached the summit, the enemy made a stubborn resistance behind a second line of breastworks. Here Sergt. Thomas J. Graves, who was gallantly waving the colors, fell dangerously wounded. They were taken up by Captain William S. Sims, who almost at the same time captured the major of the Forty-second Alabama. However, we succeeded in driving the enemy. Another portion of the regiment charged directly over the ridge, and with others of the brigade captured and brought to the top, by hand, two pieces of artillery. We bivouacked on the ridge for the night.

On the 26th, we lay on the ridge awaiting further orders. At 8 p.m., orders were received to return to camp near Chattanooga, which were complied with, arriving here about 10 o'clock.

Of my regiment, I am proud to say, that both officers and men behaved well. Much honor and credit is due them. The officers in particular displayed that courage and bravery that should characterize every true soldier. I might specially mention, as these came under my immediate observation, and without any disparagement to others, the names of Captains Sims, Gemmer, Gregory, and Carnahan, and Lieutenants McInerny and Laymon, as doing much in leading their men to victory.

Of our companions in arms, the Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, I can pay them no higher compliment than to say they fought with their usual gallantry and bravery. The colors on whose folds were inscribed "Presented to the Eighty-sixth Indiana Volunteers by the ladies of Boone County," received 88 musket-shoats and 2 in the staff, one of which severed it.

Herewith I send you a rebel battle-flag, captured while ascending the hill.

While it is out of place, and I feel a delicacy in presuming to dictate as a junior officer, yet I must say that Colonel Fred Knefler, Seventy-ninth Indiana Volunteers, well deserves and richly merits a commission as a brigadier-general, for his gallantry displayed in the charging and taking of Missionary Ridge.

The regiment went into the engagement with 236 enlisted men and 19 officers. Herewith I send you a list of the casualties.*

All of which is respectfully submitted.

G. F. DICK,

Colonel, Commanding Eighty-sixth Indiana Volunteers,

Captain O. O. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 82.

---------------

