
ward, and at once found ourselves exposed to a terrible fire of artillery from the batteries on the ridge and some musketry from the works. Notwithstanding the great number of shells falling and exploding around us we suffered but slight loss and abstain from firing until they reached the work, and did son with scarce and exception. The speed at which me advanced with the steepness of the ascent soon exhausted the men, but all pushed forward as fast as they were capable of going until they reached the work, where they fell breathless and exhausted, with scarcely strength left to fire at the enemy, who had fled at our approach, and were flying in confusion up the face of the ridge. We lay behind the works, resting and waiting for the promised support, exposed to the fire of the batteries on the ridge until, seeing no prospect of support coming, we crossed the line of works and pushed on up the face of the ridge now growing steeper every step. Once more we were compelled from exhaustion and lack of support to halt sheltering ourselves behind a rail pen, for we were now exposed to a musketry fire from the hill-top. Troops from the first line of works, belonging to Baird's division, now began to come up, and we again moved forward slowly, for the ascent was now almost perpendicular, until we reached the top of the ridge, when the enemy slowly fell back along the ridge to the left, and gaining strength and numbers we pressed them until their retreat became a rout. We were now joined by troops from many other regiments, who had gained the summit, and continued driving the enemy with occasional halts and fights for nearly 500 yards, when we met a body of the enemy advancing to meet us, and a most desperate fight began, lasting for half an hour, which at times threatened to drive us from the ridge. About dark the firing ceased and the enemy were in full retreat. No organization of companies or regiment was maintained after leaving the first work. Each man struggled to crown the summit, all seeming to think of the accomplishment of the one great object. After the firing ceased the regiment was gathered together and moved back to the right to a point where the brigade bivouacked, where we lay until Thursday night at 9 o'clock, when we moved into camp behind our works at Chattanooga.

Our loss, considering the character of the work done, was very slight. It sums up as follows: Commissioned officers killed, 1; commissioned officers wounded, 5; enlisted men killed, 4; enlisted men wounded, 25; total, 35.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

GEO. H. CRAM.

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Kentucky Volunteers.

Captain O. O. MILLER,

Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Brig., 3rd Div., 4th Army Corps.

Numbers 86.

Report of Colonel Alexander M. Stout, Seventeenth Kentucky Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH REGIMENT KENTUCKY Volunteers

Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 27, 1863

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make you the following report of the operations of this regiment from the 23rd instant to the 26th instant:

My regiment, under orders, moved out in column of divisions

