
CHAP. XLIII.

doubled on the center, on the afternoon of the 23rd instant, following the battalion commanded by Colonel Jarvis, of the Thirteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

When the pickets of the enemy in our front had been driven in,my regiment was placed in reserve and near where the enemy's line of pickets had been. With occasional changes of position we remained near the same point until the afternoon of the 25th instant, when a general movement upon the works of the enemy was ordered. In the meantime, I had furnished a company for outpost duty for twenty-four hours, and nearly every company took its turn at work on the intrenchments. The company (C, Captain Beckham) detailed for outpost duty had sharp skirmishing, and drove a regiment of the enemy out of its rifle-pits. Many shots of the enemy fell very near the regiment, but no one was hurt.

ON the afternoon of the 25th instant my regiment, when the general advance was made, moved forward in the same relation and formation as before, in good order and great confidence. The movement was made across our own intrenchments and over very difficult and marshy ground, while the shot and shell of the enemy filled the air and plowed the ground around us, and was continued until we had approached within 200 yards of the works of the enemy at the base of the ridge. There, in obedience to your orders, I deployed into line and awaited further orders. When the battalions in advance had advanced more than half way up the ascent of Missionary Ridge, I advanced quickly, as ordered by you to do, but had great difficulty in restraining officers and men in their ardor to reach the crest, but succeeded in keeping them in line. Their enthusiasm, excited by the desire to reach the crest, and the tremendous cheering of our several lines, and the thundering of the guns on both sides, knew no bounds. Not an officer or man manifested fear or hesitation. I am proud to say that I have none to blame, and that all did so well that none could excel. We reached the crest very soon after the first flag had been planted upon it, and while the balls of the enemy were flying thick around us.

After the firing around us had ceased the regiment sent a volley after the retreating enemy, under the direction of Major-General Granger in person.

After it became dark my regiment was detailed upon outpost duty, sand went down the ridge to the front, and was relieved on the night of the 26th instant, and, under orders, returned to camp.

I have to report a sergeant and 4 privates wounded, but none killed or missing.

I forward herewith a report, by name and company, of the wounded.*

Very respectfully,

A. M. STOUT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain O. O. MILLER,

A. A. G., Hdqrs. 3rd Brig., 3rd Div., 4th Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 82.

---------------

