
Numbers 87.

Report of Colonel Dwight Jarvis, jr., Thirteenth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTEENTH OHIO VOL. INFANTRY.

Chattanooga, Tennessee November 27, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the recent movement of this army, resulting in the decisive victory of the 25th instant in the capture of Missionary Ridge:

At 2 p.m. of the 23d, we marched out in front of Fort Wood.

The Fifty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry were, by your order, also placed under my command, and I advanced in column of division in rear of the Seventy-ninth and Eighty-sixth Indiana a distance of about a mile, subjected to quite a heavy fire from the enemy's batteries, but without any casualty. After dark I formed my lines in rear of Colonel Knefler's command and threw up breastworks, which were completed by daylight next morning, and where we remained all of the 24th, a rainy, disagreeable day.

On the morning of the 25th, I marched out of my intrenchments and formed division a short distance to the left, and awaited orders.

At 3 p.m. by your instructions, I advanced in column under a terrific fire from the enemy, a distance of about 50 yards, until we reached the open field, when I formed my line with the Fifty-ninth on my left and advanced at double-quick to the enemy's works at the foot of the ridge, which I occupied for a few minutes in order to breathe my men; then commenced to ascend the ridge, which, owing to the natural obstacles, was necessarily slow, for never for one moment did the enemy's firing-though the shell, grape, and canister from the right and left fell thick in our midst and the riflemen occupied the defenses at the crest of the hill-impede our advance. Slowly but gradually our flag was advanced, my color sergeant being shot in the act of placing the flag upon the works.

The fighting here was very severe for a few moments. The men were too much exhausted to charge the works at once, but used their rifles to a good purpose until sufficiently recovered to charge, which we finally did at a few minutes past 4 p.m. The enemy offered a stubborn resistance, but we carried the works gallantly and drove the foe along the ridge to the left a distance of about a mile.

The fruits of the victory are in your hands. Where all acted so well it would be invidious to indicate individual acts of bravery. Color Sergeant Lloyd, for his conspicuous gallantry as standard-bearer upon this and upon former fields, is especially deserving if mention, however, and I hope he may receive the reward he so well merits.

My list of casualties is surprisingly small for the results achieved, and, when we take into consideration the obstacles surmounted really wonderful. Appended is the list.*

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,DWIGHT JARVIS, JR,

Colonel, Comdg. Thirteenth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain O. O. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement,p. 82.

---------------

