
of Missionary Ridge, where, the order being communicated by yourself, the regiment deployed into line and advanced at double-quick to the crest of the ridge, receiving a heavy fire, both of artillery and small-arms, but sustaining a trifling loss. After standing in line for some time, by order of Major-General Granger, we changed front forward in rear of the Seventeenth Kentucky Volunteers, with line extending down the eastern declivity of the ridge. Afterward took position on the right of the brigade, where we bivouacked until ordered back to Chattanooga the night of the 26th. Our men assisted in bringing up several guns, caissons, and limber chests from the base of the hill, where they had been abandoned by the enemy.

The loss of the regiment (a detailed statement of which is appended) was 1 enlisted man killed, 2 officers and 9 enlisted men wounded.

All, both officers and men, did their whole duty, both faithfully and well. I am particularly indebted to Lieutenant-Colonel Stratton and Major Nash for their active and cheerful assistance during the engagement.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHARLES F. MANDERSON,

Colonel, Comdg. Nineteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain O. O. MILLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 89.

Report of Major General Joseph Hooker, U. S. Army, commanding Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps, with field dispatches and congratulatory orders.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, March 13, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Secretary of War:

SIR: My attention has been called to a few clerical errors in the copy of report of the operations of my command in the vicinity of Chattanooga, and to several of my own, which I desire to correct before its publication. For this reason I request that the inclosed copy may be substituted for the one forwarded through the headquarters of the military division, and that the latter may be returned to me.

By a comparison of the reports the only essential change in the meaning will be found to be in substituting "12-pounder battery of howitzers" for 24-pounder, as I had erroneously written it.

I should address this request through Lieutenant-General Grant if assured of his whereabouts, and now request that it may be referred to him if in Washington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

