
poses of observation, and to convey to the enemy the impression that we were still after him. Grose's brigade was dispatched on this service. About 2 miles out he ran upon a small force of rebel cavalry and infantry, and pursued them about a mile and a half, when he fell upon what he supposed to be a division of troops, posted on the hills commanding the road. The brigade returned at 8 o'clock, and went into bivouac. Colonel Grose's report in this connection concludes by saying that "we found broken caissons, wagons,, ambulances, dead and dying men of the enemy strewn along the way to a horrible extent."

As some misapprehension appears to exist with regard to our losses in this battle, it is proper to observe that the reports of my division commanders exhibit a loss of 65 killed and 377 wounded, about onehalf of the latter so severely that it was necessary to have them conveyed to the hospital for proper treatment.

They also show of the enemy killed and left on the field 130. Of his wounded we had no means of ascertaining, as only those severely hurt remained behind, and they filled every house by the wayside as far as our troops penetrated. A few of our wounded men fell into the enemy's hands, but were soon retaken. We captured 230 prisoners and 2 flags, to make no mention of the vast amount of property and materiel that fell into our hands. Adding to the number of prisoners and killed, as above stated, the lowest estimated proportion of wounded to killed usual in battle would make the losses of the enemy at least three to our one.

From this time the operations of the Right Wing, as it was now called, became subordinate to those of the column marching to the relief of the garrison of Knoxville.

Instructions reached me from the headquarters of the military division to remain at Ringgold during the 29th and 30th, unless it should be found practicable to advance toward Dalton, without fighting a battle, the object of my remaining, as stated, being to protect Sherman's flank, with authority to attack or move on Dalton should the enemy move up the Dalton and Cleveland road.

In retreating, the enemy had halted a portion of his force at Tunel Hill, midway between Ringgold and Dalton, and as he evinced no disposition to molest Sherman, my command rested at Ringgold. I was kept fully advised of the rebel movements through the activity and daring of the Second Kentucky Cavalry, which had joined me on the 28th.

In obedience to verbal directions given me by the commander of the division, the railroad was thoroughly destroyed for 2 miles, including the bridges on each side of Ringgold, by Palmer's and Cruft's commands; also the depot, tannery, all the mils, and all materiel that could be used in the support of an army. We found on our arrival large quantities of forage and flour. What was not required by the wants of the service was either sent to the rear or burned.

Our wounded were as promptly and as well cared for as circumstances would permit. Surgeon Moore, the medical director of the Army of the Tennessee, voluntarily left his chief to devote himself to their relief, and under his active, skillful, and humane auspices, and those of the medical directors with the divisions, they were comfortably removed to Chattanooga on the 28th. My sincere thanks are tendered to all the officers of the medical staff for their zealous and careful attentions to the wounded, on this as well as our former

