
fields. Especially are they due to Surgeon Ball, medical director of Geary's division, and to Surgeon Menzies, medical director of Cruft's division.

On the 29th, Major-General Palmer returned to Chattanooga with his command, having in charge such prisoners as remained in Ringgold. On the 30th, the enemy being reassured by the cessation of our pursuit, sent a flag of truce to our advanced lines at Catoosa, by Major Calhoun Benham, requesting permission to bury his dead and care of his wounded, abandoned on the field of his last disaster at Ringgold.

Copies of this correspondence have heretofore been forwarded.*

Also, on the 30th, under instructions from department headquarters, Grose's brigade, Cruft's division, marched for the old battle-field at Chickamauga, to bury our dead; and on the 1st December, the infantry and cavalry remaining left Ringgold, Geary and Cruft to return to their old camps, Osterhaus to encamp in Chattanooga Valley.

The reports of commanders exhibit a loss in the campaign, including all the engagements herein reported, in killed, wounded, and missing, of 960. Inconsiderable, in comparison with my apprehension, or the ends accomplished; nevertheless, there is cause for the deepest regret and sorrow.

Among the fallen are some of the brightest names of the army. Creighton and Crane,of the Seventh Ohio; Acton, of the Fortieth Ohio; Bushnell,of the Thirteenth Illinois; Elliott, of the One hundred and second New York,and others, whose names my limits will not allow me to enumerate, will be remembered and lamented as long as courage and patriotism are esteemed as virtues among men. The reports of commanders also show the capture of 6,547 prisoners (not including those taken by Palmer at Graysville, of which no return has been received), also 7 pieces of artillery, 9 battle-flags, not less than 10,000 stand of small-arms, 1 wagon train, and a large amount of ammunition for artillery and infantry, forage,rations, camp and garrison equipage, caissons and limbers, ambulances, and other impedimenta. The reports relating to the capture of the flags are herewith transmitted.

In the foregoing, it has been impossible to furnish more than a general outline of our operations, relying upon the reports of subordinate commanders to give particular and discriminating information concerning the services of divisions, brigade, regiments, and batteries. These reports are herewith respectfully transmitted.

The attention of the major-general commanding is especially invited to those of the division commanders. As to the distinguished services of those commanders, I cannot speak in terms too high. They served me day and night, present or absent, with all of the well-directed earnestness and devotion they would have served themselves had they been charged with the responsibilities of the commander. The confidence inspired by their active and generous co-operation, early inspired me to feel that complete success was inevitable. My thanks are due to General Carlin and his brigade for their services on Lookout Mountain on the night of the 24th. They were posted in an exposed position, and when attacked repelled it with great spirit and success.

I must also express my acknowledgements to Major-General Pal-

---------------

*See p. 338.

---------------

