
mer and his command for services rendered while belonging to my column. Lieutenant Ayers, of the signal corps, with his assistants, rendered me valuable aid in his branch of the service during our operations.

Major Reynolds, the chief of artillery of Geary's division, proved himself to be a skillful artillerist, and requires especial mention for his services. His batteries were always posted with judgment and served with marked ability. The precision of his fire at Lookout and Ringgold elicited universal admiration.

To my staff more than ever am I indebted for the assistance rendered upon this occasion. Major-General Butterfield, chief of staff, always useful in counsel, was untiring and devoted on the field; Captain H. W. Perkins, assistant adjutant-general; Colonel James D. Fessenden, Major William H. Lawrence, Captain R. H. Hall, Lieutenants P. A. Oliver and Samuel W. Taylor, aides-de-camp, bravely and intelligently performed all their duties.

Lieutenant H. C. Wharton, a promising young officer of Engineers, reported to me from the staff of the major-general commanding the department,and was unwearied in his assistance, both as an engineer and as an officer of my personal staff.

Major-General Howard has furnished me, for transmittal, his able report of the operations and services of the Eleventh Corps, from the time it passed from my command, November 22, to that of its return, December 17. As it relates to events of which I had no personal knowledge, it only remains to comply with his wishes, with the request that the major-general commanding the department will give it his especial attention.

I may add, that the zeal and devotedness displayed by this corps and its commander, in performing all the duties assigned them, and in cheerfully encountering its perils and privations, afford me great satisfaction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES

In Field, Culpeper Court-House, Va.,March 25, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to Major General H. W. Halleck, Washington, D. C.

I know of no objection to the substitution of this for Major-General Hooker's original report of his operations in the battle of Chattanooga.

Attention is called to that part of the report giving, from the reports of his subordinate commanders, the number of prisoners and small-arms captured, which is greater than the number really captured by the whole army.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General, U. S. Army.

