HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, November 22, 1863-9 p.m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that the movement has been suspended until furthers orders. He says that if your command has crossed at Brown's Ferry, you will encamp on that side; if not, you can return to your old camps to-night.

Very respectfully,

H. W. PERKINS,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, November 23, 1863-10.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General GEARY, Commanding Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your command at the sound of the first firing in the morning.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, November 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General GEARY, Commanding Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you hold your command in readiness to march at daylight, leaving the requisite number of troops to hold your line, say, two or three regiments, and those in readiness to join you should it be necessary. One brigade of General Cruft's troops will be ordered to support you. The general is ordered to take Lookout Mountain, and a division of General Sherman's is ordered to support the movement. He desires that your chief of artillery may take charge of the battery on Bald Hill, and to be there as soon after daylight as practicable. He also desires that you will cross Lookout Creek just above Wauhatchie, near the mill, and he suggests that you take one section of artillery with you. This may involve the necessity of the creek, and he desires that you go prepared for it. After crossing Lookout Creek march down the valley, sweeping every rebel from it. At the same time a corresponding crossing will be made down here. Make your movements with the utmost rapidity. General Whitaker is instructed to march to Wauhatchie, and there report to you.

Very respectfully,

WM. H. LAWRENCE,

Major, and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, November, 24, 1863.

Brigadier-General CRUFT, Commanding Division:

The major-general commanding directs that you have your command in readiness to move at the earliest dawn of day. Let General

