
we have wrenched from the enemy to-day must be held until a renewal of the conflict, perhaps to-morrow, see that your troops get up their ammunition and strengthen their defenses.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee November 24, 1863-6.30 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

I am for the present at the foot of the hill, where we were this a.m. Shall go to old headquarters at 10.30, if all remains quiet here. The cavalry have returned; been to Trenton, and nothing there but a little of the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry. Have sent them orders to send out pickets and patrols on all approaches for 3 or 4 miles up the valley. The work on the bridges progresses very slowly. Have had Perkins pushing it. General Cruft promises to have the bridge near the railroad passable for wagons in thirty-five minutes. Have not been able to get any account or hear from the right of Geary's old line; hope to, soon. It got dark before I could start the pioneers for Kelley's Ferry, in compliance with General Reynolds' order; shall start them at daylight. I gave Captain Hall, when he left, full statement of position of affairs, which he has probably explained to you. Will they occupy the enemy at daylight from Chattanooga?

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

'
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,Lookout Mountain, Tennessee, November 24, 1863-7 p.m.

Major General D. BUTTERFIELD,

Chief of Staff, Eleventh and Twelfth Army Corps;

GENERAL: Our position will be untenable when the fog lifts, owing to the great advantages of the enemy with his sharpshooters on the cliff.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers W. GEARY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, November 24, 1863-8.30 p.m.

Major-General HOOKER:

Orderly just brought a dispatch from you. Orderly, horse, and all get in the creek, and the dispatch is wet and torn, could not clearly read it but could make out order for destruction of the bridges over which Geary crossed, and have sent full, positive, and peremptory instructions. I sent you a report from cavalry sent to Trenton. I had heretofore directed Colonel Nicholas to picket and

