
and Tunnel Hill; after doing this, to effectually destroy at least a mile of railroad track, taking up the ties, burning them, and bending the rails. The depot and store-house at the railroad are all to be destroyed. A caisson out on the road beyond the gap should be brought in. Our wounded are nearly all off, and we shall only be waiting for the effectual completion of the work ordered to return. Urge energy, but not such as to do the work partially, upon the officer intrusted with this duty.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

HEAD OF ADVANCE GUARD, ARMY OF THE Tennessee,

In the Field, November 30, 1863

Commanding Officer Federal Forces at Ringgold:

SIR: I understand that 8 of my wounded and 4 of my dead are lying between our respective pickets. I desire to remove them, and I request that you will not fire upon the detail sent for that purpose. If the dead I left on the field at Ringgold are not yet buried, I would esteem it a courtesy to be allowed to send a detail to bury them also.

You will please signify your intentions in these respects to the officer bearing this flag, Major Calhoun Benham, assistant adjutant-general and chief of my staff, who will take the steps which may be necessary in the premises.

I have the honor to be, general, your obedient servant,

P. R. CLEBURNE,

Major-General
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Ringgold, Ga., November 30, 1863.

Major-General CLEBURNE,

Commanding:

I am directed by Major-General Hooker to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date. No objection will be made to the removal of your wounded and dead between the respective pickets, between the hours of 12 and 2 p.m. to-morrow, December 1, by a party not to exceed 30 in number, under a flag of truce. The dead left on the field at Ringgold have all been buried.

Very respectfully,

DANL. BUTTERFIELD,

Major-General, Chief of Staff.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,

ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND.

Ringgold, Ga., November 30, 1863.

The commands will march to-morrow as follows:

General Cruft's division at 2 a.m., returning to his camps on the road to Bridgeport.

