
to Granger's left. The land near the creek was from the most part covered with woods. Major-General Schurz with his division of infantry was ordered to take the right of this line, and General Steinwehr with his division the left. The two divisions were deployed with great promptitude. The skirmishers were more or less engaged as they advanced along the entire line, and quite briskly in Steinwehr's division. The latter had 3 killed and about 20 wounded, mainly in the Thirty-third New Jersey, here for the first time engaged, and with credit;; General Schurz, 1 killed and 12 wounded.

The enemy was forced back beyond the creek, and the line occupied as directed. This ended the engagement of the first day of the battle. The troops threw up slight breastworks during the night and next morning.

From the map it will be noticed that the Atlanta railroad, passing south of Fort Wood, runs northeast nearly parallel with the river.

The East Tennessee railroad, passing north of Fort Wood, crosses the other before entering the tunnel through Mission Ridge. My line cut both these road, and its left rested just across the Citico on the river.

At 9 a.m., of the 24th, General Steinwehr, by my direction, moved the Seventy-third Ohio Regiment across the Citico near its mouth, which, deploying nearly at right angles to the general line, handsomely cleared our immediate front as far as the East Tennessee railroad. As there was difficulty in recrossing the creek, the regiment was halted in this position and served as a cover to a movement that shortly took place.

General Sherman had now effected a crossing of the Tennessee just below the mount of South Chickamauga. I was directed to open communication with him by a brigade. General Steinwehr detailed Colonel Buschbeck's, which I accompanied in person, with a small escort of cavalry. Some skirmishing occurred on our right, and thinking we might meet resistance from that quarter, I had Krzyzanowski's brigade, of General Schurz' division, brought forward as forward as a support. Very little opposition being made,the junction with Sherman was effected just as he was placing the last boat of the bridge.

Already two of his divisions had been thrown over in boats, and had covered their bridge by a line of breastworks. From this place to the north end of Mission Ridge, the distance is a mile and a half, the ground mostly low and undulating. The general pointed out the hill he should first attempt to secure. He requested me to allow Colonel Buschbeck's brigade to remain and skirmish on his right,while he advanced toward the ridge. The brigade was ordered to remain. I then returned to my corps by the route we had come.

Believing Colonel Krzyzanowski could take care of his brigade, situated as he was under the cover of Wheeler's guns from the opposite shore, I concluded to leave him on the northeast side of the Citico to keep open the communication along the river with Buschbeck's brigade.

During this march and while returning, heavy cannonading was heard in the direction of Lookout Mountain,and at 5.20 p.m. we were cheered with the news that General Hooker had carried the heights and secured the eastern slope of the mountain.

Dilger's (Ohio) battery had been sent to the Chattanooga Creek and fired effectively, preventing a movement of the enemy between Hooker and Palmer, and covering the building of a pontoon bridge across the creek.

