
force, and thus weakened other portions of the enemy's line. It is due to the true-hearted men who nobly sacrificed their lives at this point, or who are now suffering with painful wounds, that their names and their regiments should not be overlooked. They contributed all they could to the grand result.

News arrived in the evening that General Thomas had carried Mission Ridge by direct assault, that General Hooker had moved to Rossville and got upon the enemy's left flank, and that the enemy were in full retreat.

The enemy left our front during the night. The battle of Chattanooga was over, and it was a success. The news flew like wildfire, and the Chickamauga hills echoed with our soldiers' victorious cheer.

By direction of General Sherman, about 5 a.m., of the 26th, the corps crossed the Chickamauga, near its mouth, by a pontoon bridge, already there, and proceeded toward Chickamauga Station, ascending the creek. At 7 a.m. we overtook Davis' division that had crossed in the night. The fog was so dense that you could not discern a horse at 100 yards.

General Davis reported to me on my arrival, as the senior officer. I desired him to keep the lead, and make his own dispositions. We pushed forward carefully till the fog cleared away, being delayed somewhat, by reports that the enemy were moving in force toward our left.

We reached Chickamauga Station at 12 m. Davis' advance skirmishing with the enemy. Two siege guns, about 1,000 bushels of corn, 10 pontoons, and considerable flour were captured here. Large quantities of flour and corn were burning when we arrived. General Sherman joined us at this point, and the pursuit was continued.

Just before dark Davis' advance came upon the enemy's rear guard posted on the farther edge of a small opening in a forest, some 3 miles this side of Graysville. Two brigades were deployed, and soon succeeded in dislodging and driving this force. In the meantime, I had brought up my command and posted von Steinwehr's division on Davis' right, and massed Schurz' division in reserve. We encamped at this point.

November 27, march resumed at 6 a.m., At Graysville I met Generals Palmer and Sherman, and learned that General Hooker's column was already on the way to Ringgold. I was directed to move on the north side of the Chickamauga, and if possible reach the railroad between Dalton and Cleveland. I found that the best practicable route on that side of the creek led through Parker's Gap, so that I marched thither. After passing the gap I detached two brigades, one from

General von Steinwehr, or rather, from Colonel Buschbeck (General von Steinwehr, owing to sickness, having left us at Graysville) and another (Hecker's) from General Schurz. These brigades, and a section of Dilger's battery, under command of Colonel Orland Smith, marched on to the railroad.

My aide-de-camp, Major C. H. Howard, with a squad of cavalry, accompanied the expedition. The remainder of Schurz' division (Tyndale's and Krzyzanowski's brigades) were moved forward 2 miles, the better to support Colonel Smith, if required.

Colonel Smith's orders were to proceed to Red Clay, destroy as much as he could of the railroad, and, if possible, return the same night. This work was done,and well done. A rebel officer, having dispatches from Kelly's cavalry division at Cleveland to Bragg, and a few other prisoners were captured. Some 3 miles of railroad track

