
severe loss, in proportion to their number, were driven back, leaving many of their killed and wounded in the hands of the enemy. At this point our corps suffered most severely, especially the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania, the Seventh-third Pennsylvania, and the Thirty-third New Jersey Regiments. The ambulances were immediately ordered to the spot, and before night 78 wounded were received at the hospital. The following day 21 more, and on the 24th 14 reported; some from the hospitals of the other corps. The whole number of wounded received was 159. There was, also, a number of sick from the camps sent in before the corps left for Knoxville, augmenting the whole number admitted to 227. These all belonged to the Eleventh Corps except 2, who were subsequently transferred to the hospital of the Fourteenth Corps.

The detail for the field hospital had been made on very short notice, but I am pleased to state that no difficulties were encountered in carrying out its provisions. Every case received due and immediate attention; every man was provided with the comforts his condition required; every wound clearly needing amputation was made a primary operation. Warmth was consulted by placing the men severely wounded in the school-house, where fires could be built, when only the lighter cases were assigned to the windowless wards. Even these were made comfortable by closing the windows with tent cloth, and, as soon as time allowed, by the construction of spacious fire-places; cotton mattresses were spread on the floor, and an abundance of blankets provided.

There was no lack of medical, hospital,and sanitary stores,and I may conscientiously say that no patient, as far as I could learn, was in want of anything conducive to his recovery.

The flattering success that the statistics of the hospital show is adequate proof of this; for the 227 patients above mentioned there were 16 medical officers, besides the surgeon in charge. All but 3 of them were ordered to join their commands as soon as the battle concluded, and did so, leaving Chattanooga on the morning of Saturday, November 28. The number of attendants, besides hospital stewards,of whom there were 8, amounted to 53, including two bands, and a corporal and guard.

The preparations were consequently rather on the scale of the accommodations furnished me than on the number of wounded actually received. This seemed, however, under the circumstances, the more prudent course of action.

Of the 227 admitted into the hospital, 13 died. One from disease, 12 from wounds; of these latter 5 died from the immediate effects of their wounds, either on the day of their admission or the one subsequent. Omit these, and we have 7 left to represent the sum total of the mortality of the wounded under treatment; or,in other words, something less than 4 1/2 per cent., a result certainly most creditable.

The hospital was continued as a corps hospital up to the 29th of December, when, by order from the headquarters of the department, the patients were transferred to the General Field Hospital, and the property turned over. During the whole time there was not a single case of hospital gangrene, and the patients throughout did well. One hundred and forty-five of the wounded were enlisted men. The remaining, 14 officers. Of these latter 3 died.

There are four primary amputations recorded, and two secondary. I am of opinion, from memory, that this is below the actual number, but have not the means at hand to correct it. One of the primary

