
amputations on the table, under chloroform. The operation was for a shell wound of the leg, and the flaps were taken from the lower third of the thigh.

The astonishing success that attended resections of the humerus in continuity, both here and after the battle of Gettysburg, convinces me that the objections urged against this operation are entirely unfounded. In this battle we had three cases, in the first of which 3 inches, in the second 3 1/2 inches, and in the third 4 inches of this bone were respected; and in one of them the resection carried above the surgical neck, so that nothing but the head of the bone enveloped in its cartilaginous covering remained.

Every one of the cases recovered most satisfactorily.

The last example is especially instructive, proving that the danger of fissure into the articulation is not so invariable when the bone is fractured above the surgeon's neck, as many would have us believe.

In the case of Second Lieutenant Adolphus F. Vogelbach, Company B, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, who had a ball pass through the middle lobe of the right lung, between the seventh and eighth ribs, the plan of treatment suggested by Assistant Surgeon Howard, U. S. Army, was adopted, the wound being properly prepared and closed by suture and collodion. A month afterward, December 22, he was sent, convalescent, to the officers' hospital.

A very typical case of contusion was presented by Private Lewis Margold, Company G, Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers. He was admitted November 25, complaining of his arm, and saying he had been struck by a shell. The limb seemed numb and useless, but the skin was not broken nor even discolored. It was not very closely examined, but no particular lesion was supposed to exist. In a few days it swelled, became discolored, signs of mortification appeared and much constitutional disturbance. It was treated by deep and long incisions, warm fomentations, and tincture of iodine applied above the incisions.

Finally, on the 22nd December, the arm was amputated above the elbow, and the humerus disclosed two fractures, running into the humero-ulnar articulation. This case was sent to field hospital December 29, and its termination is unknown.

During the march to Louisville, Tennessee, after the battle of Chattanooga, the corps had no further engagement with the enemy.

I have the honor, sir, to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. G. BRINTON.

Surgeon U. S. Vols, Medical Director, Eleventh Corps.

Surg. G. PERIN, U. S. Army.

Medical Director.

Numbers 93.

Report of Brigadier General Adolph von Steinwehr, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, ELEVENTH ARMY CORPS.

Lookout Valley, Tennessee, December 23, 1863.

COLONEL: I respectfully, submit the following report of the part taken by this in the late successful actions near Chattanooga:

On the 22nd of November, at 1 p.m. we broke camp, according to

