
the orders received, and crossed the Tennessee River to Chattanooga, where we arrived at dusk, and went into bivouac about 1 1/2 miles from town, in a southeasterly direction.

Monday, November 23, during the morning, I received orders to occupy with my division, drawn up in close column, the ground north of Fort Palmer. The Third Division took a position in the same formation upon my left. At half past 3 o'clock I was ordered to advance with the division to Citico Creek. I directed two regiments of each brigade to form line of battle and to throw skirmishers out. The remaining five regiments formed the second line, in closed columns, In this formation I advanced. As soon as the skirmishers reached the margin of the woods in our front they met the enemy, drove him beyond Citico Creek, and halted. After sunset I ordered the division to go into bivouac, leaving a picket line along the creek. The resistance of the enemy was but slight, and we lost on this day 3 killed and some 20 wounded.

Tuesday, November 24, according to orders of the general commanding, I directed early in the morning three regiments of the First Brigade, under Colonel Buschbeck, to cross Citico Creek and to march along the Tennessee River, to effect a junction with General Sherman's corps. The Second Brigade remained on Citico Creek. Colonel Buschbeck joined General Sherman during the morning, and was ordered to march to Missionary Ridge. Having arrived near the foot of this elevation, he went into bivouac, his right resting on Sanderson's farm, and threw up earth-works.

Wednesday, November 25, at about daylight the Second Brigade also crossed Citico Creek, and marched along the river toward General Sherman's corps. Colonel Smith upon his arrival there took up a position between the northern termination of Missionary Ridge and Chickamauga Creek, fronting east, and immediately threw up riflepits.

The Third Division occupied the ridge on the right of Colonel Smith's brigade. Colonel Buschbeck was ordered at 10 a.m. to advance and to support the right wing of General Ewing's division. He deployed the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Lieutenant-Colonel Taft, as skirmishers. They charged the enemy, and drove him from a barn and some outhouses. The Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment, Major McAloon, advanced in support of the Seventy-third, and charged across an open field the enemy's earth-works, near the summit of Missionary Ridge.

The regiment lost many men by the enemy's grape and canister, but at last succeeded in silencing the artillery by their well-directed and steady fire. The engagement lasted over two hours, when the men had expended all their ammunition, and even used that of their killed and wounded comrades. They were then forced to fall back to the position occupied during the night. The Seventy-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the meantime held their position until their ammunition was also exhausted, when fell back. The Thirty-third Regiment New Jersey, Colonel Mindil, during this time supported as a reserve the brigade of Colonel Loomis. The Twenty-seventh and Seventy-third Regiments Volunteers lost very severely during this action. Both their commanders fell-the one, Lieutenant-Colonel Taft, killed. The other, Major McAloon, mortally wounded; he has since expired.

Thursday, November 26, at 4 a.m., the division broke camp and

crossed Chickamauga Creek on the pontoon bridge near its mouth,

