
[CHAP. XLIII.
where Colonel Buschbeck rejoined the corps. The enemy had withdrawn during the night, and we marched in pursuit, following the division of General Davis, who had the advance. I annex a list of killed and wounded.*

The officers and men conducted themselves with their accustomed steadiness and bravery.

A. VON STEINWEHR.

Brigadier-General.

Lieutenant Colonel T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 94.

Report of Colonel Adolphus Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS,Athens, Tennessee December 11, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of three regiments of the First Brigade, Second Division (Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers), since leaving Chattanooga and previous to rejoining the corps:

On Tuesday morning, November 24, I left my position and crossed Citico Creek and effected a junction with the troops under Major-General Sherman, after which I moved to the foot of Mission Ridge and bivouacked for the night near Sanderson's farm, and threw up temporary breastworks.

On the morning of the 25th, about 10 a.m. I advanced in support of the right wing of General Ewing's division and took position in some woods just on the edge of an open plain. The Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Taft, was deployed as skirmishers, and ordered to drive the enemy's skirmishers, who had possession of some barns and outhouses. The regiment charged on the double-quick, driving the enemy and taking the barns and outhouses. The Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers was then advanced to support the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers; both of these movements were executed under a sharp fire of musketry and shell. At about 1 p.m. Major P. A. McAloon advanced with the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers in line of battle, and charged across the open field and up the ridge under a heavy fire of musketry and canister, and opened fire upon the enemy, who was in strong force and well intrenched just beyond the summit of the hill.

In the charge up the ridge Company B, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, under command of Lieutenant S. D. Miller, joined the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. Under the constant and well-directed fire of this regiment the enemy's artillery was silenced. The regiment was re-enforced by the Tenth Ohio and Eighty-third Illinois Volunteers.#

The regiment, after being under fire for more than two hours, their ammunition being expended, the men having even taken the am-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.82.

#Error in original. The re-enforcing regiments were the Tenth Iowa and Ninety-third Illinois. See p. 652

---------------

