
munition from the cartridge-boxes of their killed and wounded comrades, fell back to the position occupied by them the night previous. During all this time Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers held their position until their ammunition was expended. Finally they were outflanked, and may of them taken prisoners.

The Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, under command of Colonel G. W. Mindil, was ordered to support a brigade of Indiana and Illinois troops, under command of Colonel Loomis, and were held in reserve most of the time, being exposed to a heavy shell fire.

Between 3 and 4 p.m. this regiment was ordered to return to the position occupied the previous night. The next morning I joined the corps.

I particularly desire to call attention to the gallant conduct of Major P. A. McAloon, who fearlessly led his command across the field and up the ridge, and although wounded three times, refused to be carried from the field.

It grieves me to report the death of the brave Lieutenant-Colonel Taft, who fell just after he had driven the enemy from his position. All the officers and men deserve commendation for their good conduct and bravery.

In this engagement the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers lost 3 officers, severely wounded; 3 officers, slightly wounded; 11 enlisted men killed, 26 severely wounded; 32 slightly wounded, and 13 missing.

The Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers lost 1 officer and 25 men killed, 4 officers and 70 men wounded, and 8 officers and 60 men captured.

The Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers lost 7 enlisted men wounded.

Respectfully,

A. BUSCHBECK,

Colonel, Comdg. First Brig., Second Div., 11th Army Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel T. A. MEYSENBURG.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 95.

Report of Colonel George W. Mindil, Thirty-third New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,FIRST BRIGADE, SECOND DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS,

Lookout Valley, Tennessee December 18, 1863.,

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of the Thirty-third Regiment New Jersey Volunteers form the time of its departure from camp in Lookout Valley at 3 p.m. on the 22nd of November last:

In connection with the rest of the Eleventh Corps the regiment moved on the afternoon of that day in heavy marching order, crossed the Tennessee at Brown's Ferry, and bivouacked for the night on the plain beyond Chattanooga, about 200 yards to the right of Fort Wood.

