
and where all act well it is impossible to discriminate. For a regiment but of three months' creation, without much drill and discipline, the Thirty-third did remarkably well. I feel confident that the regiment can now be relied upon for any emergency, as the men will perform their whole duty.

I would bear testimony to the efficiency and gallantry of the staff. Lieutenant Lambert, adjutant, for promptness displayed in conveying my orders to the most exposed positions, to Chaplain John Faull my thanks as well as those of the command are due for the fearlessness manifested inn relieving the wounded, by personally removing them, with the aid of the drum corps, to the surgeon in rear.. Dr. Stiger remainder with the regiment,at all times performing his operations under the fire of the enemy.

On the following day the regiment moved and connected with Sherman's corps, and a report has already been furnished of the part it sustained in the assault on Tunnel Hill. Following with the rest of the corps the flying enemy to Parker's Gap, and taking a northeast direction thence to Louisville, Tennessee, the regiment returned to its camp yesterday afternoon after nearly a month's campaign. Considering the severity of the weather, often exceedingly cold and stormy, the absence of blankets and tents, the miserable condition of the shoes of large portion of the command, scores being barefooted,and the insufficient and poor rations furnished, the troops have withstood the hardships of this severe but glorious campaign with firm determination and remarkably good cheer.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. W. MINDIL,

Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers,

Captain C. C. BROWN.

A. A. A. G., Hdqrs. 1st Brig., 2nd Div., 11th Corps.

Numbers 96.

Report of Maj. David A. Peloubet, Thirty-third New Jersey Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD NEW JERSEY VOLUNTEERS,Near Athens, Tennessee, December 11, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the movements of this regiment since leaving the vicinity of Chattanooga, and previous to rejoining., with the Twenty-seventh and Seventy-third Regiments, Pennsylvania Volunteers, the corps.:

On Tuesday morning, under personal direction of Major-General Howard, the regiment left its bivouac near Chattanooga, crossed the creek on its front, and, with a heavy line of skirmishers upon front and flank, proceeded for some distance up the Tennessee, when the skirmishers from the front were withdrawn and the regiment having been joined by the Twenty-seventh and Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, moved up the banks of the river until the command effected a junction with the troops of Major-General Sherman. With the command of General Sherman the regiment marched to the foot of Mission Ridge, where it halted and bivouacked for the night, throwing up breastworks on its line of battle front, the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania on its left and the Seventy-third on its right.

