
On the morning of the 25th, between the hours of 10 and 11, the order was given to move, and the three regiments moved by the flank, parallel to the railroad, through the woods across an open place under shell fire into the woods, where the regiments moved in three parallel lines, the Thirty-third second. On halting, the Thirty-third formed line of edge of the woods, the Seventy-third having been ordered to the front, the Twenty-seventh being on our left, our right joining the left of a brigade of Indiana and Illinois troops, whose skirmishers were upon our right front. The regiment remained in line until between the hours of 3 and 4 p.m., most of the time being under a heavy shell fire, when it was ordered by Colonel Buschbeck to withdraw, which it did, moving by the flank left in front out of the woods upon the railroad, on which it moved to its camp of the previous night, where it remained until an early hour of the next morning, when it rejoined the corps,with which it has remained until the present time. The loss of the regiment during the day was 7 enlisted men wounded. The skirmishers upon our front, and portions of the brigade on our right, when the order was given to this regiment, came rushing through our right wing in a manner greatly calculated to disorder the men, but the regiment moved out in good order.

Respectfully submitted.

D. A. PELOUBET,

Major, Commanding.

Captain C. C. BROWN.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 97.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Allan H. Jackson, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 134TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, December 21, 1863.

SIR; I have the honor to submit the following report to the colonel commanding the brigade of the part taken by the One hundred and thirty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers in the engagement before Chattanooga of the 23d, 24th, and 25th days of November, 1863:

In accordance with orders, my regiment took position in line of battle about 3 p.m., November 23, to the left of Fort Wood and one-half mile in rear of Citico Creek. After throwing out skirmishers, the regiment immediately advanced in line in direction of the creek, where it was understood the enemy had taken position in force. At this time and subsequently throughout the day my regiment held the right of the brigade, having on its left the Second Brigade on the right, with a support of one of the regiments of the First Brigade. After advancing to within 500 or 600 yards of the creek a sharp fire was opened upon the line of skirmishers form the woods in front adjoining the creek. The skirmishers moved forward briskly, gaining the cover of the woods. The fire becoming more

