
direct, and rapidly increasing, my own regiment, with the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, was halted, by order of the colonel then commanding the brigade, in rear of a partial breastworks shortly before abandoned by the enemy. Having occupied this position a few minutes. I received orders, from the brigadier-general commanding Second Division, to move forward in direction of the woods nearer the line of skirmishers, who were at this time hidden by the intervening trees. My regiment accordingly advanced to within 80 or 100 yards of the skirmishers, whom I found halted near the creek, the enemy holding them in check from a strong position about 50 yards in front of their line and on the opposite side of a ravine. A volley was given my regiment as it came up. I quickly closed upon a rail fence in front, halted and proceeded to fortify my position, in the meantime communicating with the colonel commanding the brigade. No further advance this day was made, and at 7 p.m. my regiment was relieved from its position in front by the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, retiring to within supporting distance of the regiment relieving for the night.

At daybreak the following morning, the enemy having resumed a brisk firing in front, my regiment again took the position from which it was relieved the night previous, forming on a line with and between the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers and the advance of the Second Brigade, the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers having constructed an earth-work during the night connecting with that of the Second Brigade, and of sufficient capacity for both regiments. My regiment remained in this position, with the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York and the regiments of the Second Brigade on the right, throughout the day and night following, the enemy still continuing to hold their position, from 100 to 200 yards in front. The morning of the 25th following, my regiment having been temporarily placed under command of Colonel Smith, commanding Second Brigade, in obedience to his orders, advanced upon a charge through the woods and across the creek in front, driving the enemy, of whom but a small force remained, from their position, and then moving toward the right, halted upon the railroad, in compliance with instructions previously received. This occurred about 10 a.m., and shortly after my regiment, in connection with the Second Brigade, moved down the road in direction of the course taken by the Third Division, Eleventh Army Corps, and, soon leaving it upon our right, proceeded a short distance along the banks of the Tennessee River, afterward striking the Chickamauga Creek and railroad again, at Boyce's Station, where the Third Division were in position. Here my regiment, with the One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers, held position as advance guard during the night railroad, and at 6 o'clock on the morning of the 26th following rejoined the First Brigade on its march toward Chickamauga Station.

The loss sustained by my regiment during the engagement was slight considering its frequently exposed position, consisting of but 7 enlisted men wounded, and 1 missing. Throughout the entire three days the regiment held a position at the front.

I cannot speak in too high terms of praise of the conduct both of officers and men on all occasions during the engagement. Companies B and C, commanded by Lieutenants Edwin Forrest and Sheldon, are especially deserving in this connection for their steadiness under fire while advancing as skirmishers and driving the enemy's skir-

