
mish line behind their intrenchments. The strength of my regiment during the engagement consisted of 9 commissioned officers and 175 muskets.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

ALLAH H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 134th New York Volunteers.

Captain C. C. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 98.

Report of Colonel Patrick H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 154TH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, December 18, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit for the information of the colonel commanding the brigade, the following report of the part taken by the One hundred and fifty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers in the late engagement before Chattanooga on the 23d, 24th and 25th days of November, 1863:

On the 23rd day of November, ultimo, at about 3 p.m, my regiment with the other regiments in the brigade, was ordered into position to the left and front of Fort Wood, the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers having been drawn up in line and ordered to advance to and cross Citico Creek and drive the rebels from their position on that stream. My regiment was formed in column by division in the rear of the left wing of that regiment, as reserve, but, consequently, its position was changed, and was ordered to form in line of battle behind the railroad, on the left of the brigade, and, simultaneous with this order for change of front, I received an order from Colonel Buschbeck commanding brigade, to throw forward, across the railroad, a company of skirmishers as far as the creek, which, at that place, ran in a course nearly parallel to the railroad, and about 150 yards distant from it, and perpendicular to the reserve of the brigade, and to move in concert with the main body. Accordingly, I sent 30 men, under command of Lieutenant Harding, who found no opposition upon this side of the creek, but as he advanced to the front, near where the railroad crosses the stream, was met with a heavy fire from the skirmishers of the enemy on the opposite bank of the creek.

These two positions remained unchanged, so far as my regiment was concerned, until about sunset, when I was ordered to relieve the One hundred and thirty-fourth Regiment New York Volunteers, who had advanced to an open field about 1,000 yards to the front of where the main body of my regiment was placed and thrown out its skirmishers in front to a small belt of woods beyond the field and upon the bank of the stream, in which position I remained until the morning of the 25th.

During the night of the 23d, I erected a line of earth-works or rifle-pits in front of the main body of my regiment, which united upon the right with the Second Brigade of the division, about midway across the field indicated. The position of the skirmish line remained almost unchanged in the meantime.

