
On the morning of the 24th, at daybreak, a smart fire occurred between the skirmishers on the front of my regiment and those of the enemy, occasioned by the simultaneous relieving of the pickets, the position of each becoming known to the other. In the skirmish my regiment sustained a loss of 6 men wounded-none are reported fatal thus far, however-and which is the only loss sustained by my regiment during the several days embraced in this report.

On the morning of the 25th, I received a verbal order from General von Steinwehr, commanding the division, to send 100 men, under command of an efficient officer, to unite and act in concert with the Seventy-third Regiment Ohio Volunteers. I sent, accordingly, 100 men, under command of Captain C. P. Vedder, who took his instructions sent from General von Steinwehr. Soon after this detachment took its departure the whole line moved around. My regiment accompanied the general movement to a point on the Western and Atlantic Railroad, on the left bank of the Chickamauga Creek, where the Third Division of this corps were in position. I was then ordered by General von Steinwehr to attach my regiment temporarily to the Second Brigade and take my orders from its commander, who ordered me to post my regiment on the railroad and throw out pickets as far as the bank of the Chickamauga Creek (about 100 yards distant) to observe the enemy, then discernable in small force upon our left flank. We remained in this position until daybreak the next morning (the 26th), when I was ordered to move with the Second Brigade, and overtook and rejoined the First Brigade on the right bank of the Chickamauga Creek, near its mouth, about 10 a.m.

I desire here to call attention to the excellent conduct of Captain

Harrison Cheney, of my regiment who commanded the line of skirmishers, on the morning of the 24th, in the affair above alluded to. The conduct of both officers and men of the command then engaged was highly commendable, but it was the fortune of Captain Cheney to be posted in the most exposed position of the line, and he acquitted himself gallantly.

All of which is very respectfully submitted.

P. H. JONES.

Colonel One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Volunteers.

Captain C. C. BROWN.

A. A. A. G., 1st Brig., 2nd Div., 11th Army Corps.

Numbers 99.

Report of Major August Riedt, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.
HDQRS. 27TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,December 23, 1863.

Official report of the actions and marches from November 22, 1863, till December 16, 1863, in which the Twenty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers participated:

November 22, at about 2 p.m., the regiment left its encampment in Lookout Valley under command of Major P. A. McAloon, joined the brigade, and marched with the whole corps to Chattanooga, and camped for the night there.

