
November 23, the regiment remained till the afternoon at the same place, when, at 3 p.m, orders arrived to march at once and to leave knapsacks under guard behind. As this was done, the regiment was drawn up in double column on the center, and formed with the other regiments of the Second Division the right column of attack of the corps. Soon afterward the firing began in front, and the battery on one of forts opened on the rebel position. Between 4 and 5 p.m. the corps marched down in the valley and was drawn up in two lines, the Second Division on the left. The regiment formed closed column by division, and remained in reserve. Soon commenced the skirmishing. We lost 1 man wounded in it, and to cover the left flank of the division more the regiment was ordered to take position behind a railroad track, where it remained till after dark. The Thirty-third New Jersey Regiment being exhausted through constant skirmishing, the regiment was ordered to relieve them. In front of this new position was a creek, over which two bridges lead. The enemy had rifle-pits on the other side, and in order to cover this regiment better, rifle-pits were at once commenced. The night passed quietly; occasional shots were fired.

November 24, in the morning at daylight, the enemy's sharpshooters opened their fire, and a rapid firing commenced. Between 7 and 8 a.m. the general commanding the corps ordered one regiment of the Second Brigade. Second Division, to cross the creek in the left flank and to outflank the sharpshooters in our front. As soon as the rebels observed this, 15 of them, belonging to the Seventeenth Mississippi Regiment, surrendered themselves to our regiment. At about 9 a.m. the regiment, with a part of the brigade, commanded by Colonel A. Buschbeck, and under direction of General Howard, left its position between Missionary Ridge and Chattanooga and marched up the left bank of the Tennessee River about 4 miles, where we formed connection with General Ewing's division, and then advanced with the said division toward Missionary Ridge. Halted for the night at the base of Missionary Ridge, near Sanderson's farm, and threw out temporary breastworks during the night.

November 25, at about 9 a.m.,, the Twenty-seventh, in conjunction with the First Brigade, was sent forward in support of the right wing of General Ewing's division. We took position in a wood in the rear of the Thirty-third New Jersey. Near 11 a.m. the Seventy-third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers having taken position behind a log-house at the foot of Missionary Ridge, the Twenty-seventh Regiment was advanced in support of the Seventy-third, and took position in a ditch in an open field, about 200 yards behind the Seventy-third, under a constant firing of the enemy's battery from on top of the ridge. At the request of the commanding officer of the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers, Company A of the Twenty-seventh was advanced in support of said regiment, and soon after Company B advanced. These two companies, in advancing for the said purpose, were exposed to a terrible fire of musketry, but they advanced steadily and re-enforced the skirmishing line of the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers. At about 1 p.m. Major P. A. McAloon advanced with the regiment in line of battle and charged up the ridge under a heavy fire of musketry and canister. When the regiment reached the summit of the hill the men were almost exhausted, but they immediately opened fire upon the enemy, who we found in strong force and intrenched just behind the summit of the ridge. Company B, of the Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers,

