
December 13, started at 7 a.m., and marched to Cleveland; arrived there at 11 a.m., 9 miles.

December 14, we staid in camp till 2 p.m., when the regiment was detailed to march to Julien's Gap, near Ooltewah; 15 miles.

December 15, still in camp at Julien's Gap.

December 16, the regiment started at 1 a. m. marched along the railroad to Chattanooga, and then along the foot of Lookout Mountain to the old encampment of the regiment.

AUGUST RIEDT,

Major, Comdg. Twenty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers

[Captain C. C. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

Numbers 100.

Report of Lieutenant Samuel D. Miller, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA Volunteers

Lookout Valley, Tennessee, December 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit to you hereby a record of events of this regiment transpiring from the beginning of the late campaign to the date of return to this place:

The regiment marched in light marching order on the 22nd November to Chattanooga. Rested on our arms until the morning of the 23d. Were kept in reserve until about 11 a.m. when the brigade was advanced in a line of skirmishers, our regiment forming the reserve for the same. At dark the same day Companies B, H. and K, were detailed for picket duty, the remainder of the regiment lying under arms until the morning of the 24th, when Major-General Howard with the Twenty-seventh and Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers and the Thirty-third New Jersey Volunteers, proceeded 3 miles up the river to open communication with General Sherman's command. Marched from thence to within one-half mile of Tunnel Hill, and rested on our arms for the night.

At about noon, November 25, the brigade received orders to assist a brigade of the Fifteenth Corps. In compliance with this order this regiment, under the command of Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Taft, formed in line of battle, advanced at double-quick and at a bayonet charge, under a very destructive cross-fire from the enemy's batteries and musketry, dislodged a strong force of the enemy from log huts at the foot of Tunnel Hill, occupied the same, and twice repulsed the enemy, who endeavored to outflank us.

A line of battle, in attempting to gain the summit of Tunnel Hill, being broken and our ammunition being entirely exhausted, the enemy succeeded in surrounding us, thereby capturing 8 officers and 91 enlisted men; many of the latter are supposed to be wounded. During the action we lost our noble commander, Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Taft, and 14 enlisted me, besides 3 other brave officers who were mortally wounded, namely, Captains F. Schaeffer and C. H. Goebel and First Lieutenant George Wild and 55 enlisted men wounded. First

