
Lieutenant Henry Hess, who was slightly wounded by a fragment of shell., has since then, to our great joy, returned to us.

The regiment took up the line of march at 4.30 a.m., November 26, arrived at about noon November 27, at Graysville, Ga., and detached as headquarters guard of Second Division.

Received marching orders at 9.30 p.m. November 28, joined the brigade at 2 a.m., November 29, marched at 6 am., and arrived at Cleveland, Tennessee, at dark. The regiment, being then regularly detailed as provost guard of the corps,took charge of a number of rebel prisoners and marched, November 30, at 12 m. to Charleston, Tennessee

December 1, crossed the Hiwassee River to Calhoun, proceeded to Athens, and encamped one-half mile east of the town. Resumed the march at daybreak, December 2, rested one-half hour at Sweet Water, and encamped 4 miles west of Loudon.

December 3, proceeded to the latter town, and at daybreak., December 5, crossed Little Tennessee River at Davis' Ford, and encamped 2 miles west of Louisville, Tennessee,

December 6, entered the latter.

December 7, crossed Little Tennessee River,

December 8, marched, via Loudon, to Sweet Water.

December 9, marched to Athens. Remained there December 10 and 11. At 7 a.m, December 12, marched to Charleston.

December 13, received orders from Major-General Howard to proceed with the prisoners to Cleveland, turn them over to the escort of the wagon train, and escort the same back to Charleston.

Rejoined the corps December 14, at Cleveland.

December 16, started with wagon, train for Chattanooga and encamped one-half mile west of Harrison.

Arrived at Chattanooga, December 17, turned over 92 rebel prisoners to the provost-marshal-general,and proceeded the same day to Lookout Valley.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL D. MILLER,

First Lieutenant, Comdg. Seventy-third Pennsylvania Volunteers

Captain C. C. BROWN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 101.

Report of Colonel Orland Smith, Seventy-third Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, including march to the relief of Knoxville.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., SECOND DIV., 11TH CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tenn, December 22, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the operations of the Second Brigade, Second Division, from November 22 to December 17 instant.

Pursuant to orders, the brigade marched from its position in Lookout Valley at 1 p.m., on 22nd November. The only transportation

