
taken was one wagon containing intrenching tools and the ambulance assigned to brigade headquarters. The men carried their knapsacks, blankets, shelter tents, three days' rations, and 60 rounds of ammunition. The line of march was in the direction of Chattanooga, via Brown's Ferry. The strength of the column was as follows: Officers, 63; enlisted men, 1,086; total, 1,149.

The following regiments composed the brigade: Seventy-third Ohio Volunteers, Fifty-fifth Ohio, Thirty-third Massachusetts, and One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Volunteers. The passage of two pontoon bridges being necessarily attended with some delay, the position assigned for encampment, in front of Chattanooga, to the right of Fort Wood, was not reached till near night.

On Monday, November 23, I was directed to hold my brigade in readiness to move at 1 p.m., at which time it was formed in column of battalion en masse, and took position on the right of the Third Division, similarly formed, the First Brigade, Second Division, being in our rear. In this position the whole corps remained in reserve, while a division of the Fourth Corps made a demonstration toward Mission Ridge. After this division had established its position upon Orchard Knob we were ordered to move in conjunction with the rest of the corps to the left, and to advance to Citico Creek. After marching some distance to the left of Fort Wood the brigade was formed in two lines, the first line being composed of the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York and the Fifty-fifth Ohio Volunteers, deployed; the second, consisting of the Seventy-third Ohio and Thirty-third Massachusetts Volunteers, in column of division en masse. The front line having been covered by skirmishers, the brigade was ordered forward, connecting on its left with the First Brigade and on its right expecting to connect with the Third Division. The advance regiments soon came up with a regiment of Beatty's brigade, Fourth Corps, then on picket. Passing and relieving the skirmishers of this regiment, our skirmishers were soon briskly engaged with those of the enemy. They pressed on rapidly, however, returning but few shots, the enemy fleeing as they advanced. As the enemy's fire increased in intensity both skirmishers and the main line seemed disposed to rush forward with impetuosity, all moving at double-quick but in perfect order. After crossing the Chattanooga and Atlanta railroad, finding my brigade opening large intervals between itself and its connections on the right and left, and Citico Creek having been given as the limit of our advance, I deemed it prudent to order a halt. Our skirmishers had force those of the enemy front a brick house in our front, from which they had kept up a brisk fire; but the advance had not been quite far enough to dislodge them from some rifle-pits which occupied, and from which their sharpshooters continued to annoy us. Reconnoitering our position I found that Citico Creek ran at right angles to the railroad, along which our line was partly formed, and that it ceased to be a creek of any importance after passing the railroad in the direction of Mission Ridge. The enemy occupied a line of rifle-pits running from the direction of the creek across the railroad, thence sweeping around our front toward our extreme right. While this brought those on the opposite bank of the creek directly in opposition to the regiments of the First Brigade, it afforded them an opportunity to annoy our left flank and rear. At nightfall, I therefore changed the direction of the left wing of the Fifty-fifth Ohio to correspond, and advanced a part of the Thirty-third Massachusetts

