
to establish complete connection with the First Brigade. Meantime the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin, of the Third Division, had been brought forward to connect with the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York on our right. On this line intrenchments were formed and the position held without material change all the next day (November 24.)

On the afternoon of the 24th, in compliance with orders, the Seventy-third Ohio was thrown across Citico Creek, where it is crossed by the Chattanooga and Cleveland railroad, with instructions to drive the enemy from their rifle-pits in front of the First Brigade, the fire from which had been very annoying. The work assigned this regiment was performed promptly and successfully, resulting in the capture of some 30 prisoners.

On the morning of the 25th of November, it being evident that the enemy's sharpshooters were still in a position to annoy some portions of our line, the seventy-third Ohio and the One hundred and thirty fourth New York (the latter of the First Brigade), were ordered forward to the line of the Chattanooga and Atlanta railroad. The advance met with some opposition, but was successfully accomplished and a new line established, the left resting near the intersection of the Chattanooga and Atlanta whit the Chattanooga and Cleveland railroad, and running nearly parallel with Mission Ridge. Shortly after this the brigade moved with the rest of the corps to the northerly end of Mission Ridge,to co-operate with the forces under General Sherman. Its new position was on the left bank of Chickamauga River, some 4 or 5 miles from its mouth. Here it remained without engagement until next morning, November 26, when the corps marched in connection with Davis' division, of the Fourteenth Corps, to Chickamauga Station, via the mouth of the river, camping near Graysville.

On Friday, November 27, the command marched at daylight, passing through Graysville and thence to Parker's Gap. Here the brigade was sent in conjunction with the Third Brigade, Third Division, Colonel F. Hecker commanding the latter, to Red Clay,a station on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad, between Dalton, Ga., and Cleveland, Tennessee, with instructions to destroy such a portion of that road as to render communication by rail between Dalton and points north impracticable for some time to come. This expedition, which was placed under the command of the undersigned, marched soon after noon, being accompanied by one section of Dilger's battery and some scouts from headquarters Eleventh Corps. Red Clay was reached without opposition or incident worthy of not, except the capture of Lieutenant Mason and 2 men of the rebel cavalry, who represented themselves as belonging to General Kelly's command, then near Cleveland. The lieutenant represented himself as a member of General Kelly's staff, and stated that his business was to communicate with General Bragg, all efforts in that direction having been thwarted by the intervention of our forces. He had been accompanied by a Captain Lourey [?], who succeeded in escaping without capture. No dispatches were found on the parties and they were turned over to the provost-marshal, and by him forwarded through the regular channels. No bridges of importance being discovered,our work on the railroad was chiefly limited to the destruction of the track. To effect this as rapidly and thoroughly as possible, the two brigades were deployed with large intervals between regiments, and the work of tearing up the track immediately com-

