
The official reports of the several regimental commanders and the consolidated list of casualties* are herewith transmitted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ORLAND SMITH,

Colonel Seventy-third Ohio Volunteers, Comdg. Second Brigade.

Lieutenant R. E. BEECHER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 102.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Godfrey Rider, jr., Thirty-third Massachusetts Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.
HDQRS. THIRTY-THIRD REGIMENT MASSACHUSETTS Volunteers

Lookout Valley, December 19, 1863.

SIR: I herewith report to you the doings of this regiment from November 22 to December 17 instant.

November 22, left camp and marched to Chattanooga, and encamped for the night.

November 23, at noon, formed in column and marched in line of battle to the enemy, threw out our pickets, made rifle-pits, and held the position in front of the enemy.

November 25, advanced in front to the railroad, made strong breastworks down to the left of the line of battle to join General Sherman; formed line of batte, left wing on the railroad and the right wing perpendicular to it, joining the One hundred and thirty-sixth New York,; threw up strong breastworks and posted pickets in front of our lines.

November 26, took up our line of march and proceeded beyond Chickamauga and halted for the night, having formed numerous lines of battle during the day.

November 27, marched in column, with flankers on our right, to Red Clay Station, where we formed in line of battle between the Fifty-fifth Ohio, on our left and One hundred and thirty-sixth New York on our right; threw out pickets on our flanks and beyond the right of the brigade; tore up several hundred yards of the railroad, and destroyed the sleepers and rails by large fires. Hence we marched back some 6 miles, more or less, and halted for the night.

November 29, took up our line of march and reached Cleveland at dark.

November 30, marched to Charleston.

December 1, marched to Athens.

December 2, marched through Sweet Water to Philadelphia.

December 3, marched to Loudon.

December 5, marched to Louisville.

December 7, left Louisville for Chattanooga, and arrived in our old camp December 17, near dark; our men badly off for shoes, clothing, blankets, and tent-flies.

Killed, none; wounded slightly, 4; missing, 3.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

GODFREY RIDER, JR.,Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-third Massachusetts.

Captain B. F. STONE.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 82.

---------------

