
had come to a halt. Our brigade commander was compelled, reluctantly, to give the command to halt. We were at this time within the enemy's line of pickets and had we been supported could easily have driven him from and taken possession of his rifle-pits. Night coming upon us, we were ordered to hold the position we occupied in halting.

In this skirmish I lost 1 man killed and 2 and 8 wounded, as will more fully appear by the list of casualties hereto annexed.

During the night I caused to be thrown up in our front a line of rifle-pits, connecting with a similar line thrown up by the Twenty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteer Infantry, of the Third Division,on our right, and by the Fifty-fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on our left.

On the morning of the 24th, by order of Major-General Howard, I swung round my line of battle to the left, making a left-quarter wheel upon the left of the regiment as a pivot. This threw my regiment in front of the line of rifle-pits which had been thrown up. The Third Division had been thrown forward, which necessitated this movement in order to form a connection with its left. A new line of rifle-pits was immediately thrown up in front t of the new position. The regiment occupied the position behind this new line of rifle-pits during the day and night of the 24th. Skirmish firing from sharpshooters was kept up most of the time by the enemy, but without injury to this regiment.

On the morning of the 25th, the Eleventh Corps left the position which it had occupied,and marched by the left flank around the left of Missionary Ridge, and joined the forces under General Sherman,

who, it was understood,was to make an attack upon and, if possible, drive the enemy from Missionary Ridge. This regiment took position with the corps on the left of Sherman's forces, and intrenched itself by the erection of rifle-pits, which position it held during the day, while Sherman made his contemplated attack. In the evening of that day it was announced that Missionary Ridge had been carried by the Fourteenth Corps, under Major-General Palmer, and by the forces under command of Major-General Hooker. The regiment received orders to march the next morning at daybreak.

Pursuant to orders, on the 26th November the regiment took up the line of march toward the mouth of Chickamauga Creek, crossed the creek at that place on pontoon bridge, and continued its march toward Chickamauga Station,in pursuit of the retreating enemy. The pursuit was continued during the day, and the regiment bivouacked at night some 2 or 3 miles from Chickamauga Station, on the road toward Ringgold.

The march was continued the next day until we arrived at Graysville. From Graysville the Eleventh Corps left the main column and marched to Parker's Gap. At this place, the Second Brigade, of the Second Division, and the brigade of the Third Division, under command of Colonel O. Smith, was directed to proceed to Red Clay Station, on the Georgia and East Tennessee Railroad, and tear up and destroy the track of that railroad. This regiment formed a part of the expedition. We marched to Red Clay Station, and the Second Brigade, under command of the undersigned, tore up and destroyed about 1 mile of the railroad, fired and burned the depot buildings and appurtenances, and returned to Parker's Gap and bivouacked from the night, having marched a distance during the day of 27 miles.

