
On the 28th, the regiment changed its camping ground in the same neighborhood.

On the 29th, the regiment commenced its march toward Knoxville, with the forces under command of General Sherman, for the relief of Knoxville, and the forces then under General Burnside, it being understood that that place was closely invested by the enemy under General Longstreet. On that day we marched to Cleveland.

On the 30th, we marched to Charleston.

Having constructed a bridge over the Hiwassee River, on the 1st December, we marched to Athens.

On the 2nd December, we marched to Philadelphia.

On the 3rd, we marched to Loudon.

On the 4th and 5th the regiment lay at Loudon, awaiting the erection of a bridge over the Tennessee River.

On the 6th, we resumed the march, crossed the Little Tennessee River, and arrived at Louisville the evening of the same day. Then it was ascertained that Longstreet had raised the siege of Knoxville, and commenced his retreat toward Virginia. The regiment continued in Louisville one day.

On the 8th of December the regiment commenced its return march and arrived in camp in Lookout Valley, on the evening of the 17th instant, the forces with which it was connected having been victorious over the enemy and having fully accomplished and more than accomplished the object of the campaign.

In this long march the men had neither tents nor blankets, and were compelled to rely on the country through which they passed for forage and subsistence. Yet it was made cheerfully and with alacrity. The officers and men under my command encountered all privations and suffering without complaint or murmur. One man died on the march from pneumonia, brought on undoubtedly by exposure.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAMES WOOD, JR.,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain B. F. STONE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 104.

Report of Colonel Charles B. Gambee, Fifty-fifth Ohio Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.

HDQRS. FIFTY-FIFTH REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY.

Lookout Valley, Tennessee, December 18, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make this my report of the part taken by the Fifty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the late battle of Chattanooga, and the campaign for the last twenty-six days:

On the afternoon of November 22, we broke camp and marched to Chattanooga with 16 officers and 280 enlisted men carrying guns.

At 1 p.m. of November 23, I received orders to put the regiment under arms. The Eleventh Corps were massed near Fort Wood; a short time afterward they were marched to the left of the line of battle, the Second Brigade, Second Division, being directly on the left of the Third Division. The Fifty-fifth Regiment were deployed in line of battle with two companies as skirmishers, covering their whole front. The One hundred and thirty-sixth New York was on the

