
right and the First Brigade, Second Division, on the left. The order being given to advance, the regiment moved forward with spirit and determination. The skirmish line, when passing through a narrow belt of woods, came in contact with the enemy, and the first salutation received was a volley of musketry, which, however, did not impeded the forward movement of the regiment one particle. Passing through the woods we came to an open field, over which the regiment charged at a double-quick under a heavy fire from the front and flank, and did not half until commanded to do so and ordered to take position behind a railroad embankment. The skirmish line drove the enemy into their breastworks. During the night four companies were on the skirmish line.

On the 24th, brisk firing was kept up on the skirmish line, but every officer and man remained at his post.

On the afternoon of the 25th we marched to the left of General Sherman.

On the morning of the 26th, we marched in pursuit of General Bragg and his defeated army. When near Chickamauga Station, I was ordered to march the regiment on the Tyner Station road, and take position at a place designated, in order to protect the left flank of the Eleventh Corps while passing said road. The regiment captured a first lieutenant and 5 men before rejoining the corps.

On the 27th, they participated in the raid on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad at Red Clay Station.

On the 29th, we marched to Cleveland.

On the 30th, we had the advance to Charleston. The regiment charged into the town, crossed the Hiwassee River in pontoon boats, and captured 4 cars loaded with flour, corn meal, salt, &amp;c.

December 1, we marched in the direction of Knoxville. We arrived at Louisville, Tennessee, December 5.

December 7, we marched back in the direction of Chattanooga and returned to our camp at this place on the 17th instant.

I am happy to say that the conduct of both officers and men during the battle and the severe campaign just closed is creditable.

Inclosed you will find a list of the casualties.*

I am, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

C. B. GAMBEE,

Colonel Fifty-fifth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain B. F. STONE.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 105.

Report of Major Samuel H. Hurst, Seventy-third Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-THIRD OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY.

Lookout Valley, Tennessee, December 22, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Seventy-third Ohio Regiment in the late campaign beginning with the battle of Chattanooga and ending in the relief of Knoxville, and the return of the corps to the old camping ground:

On the afternoon of November 23 when the army moved forward and engaged the enemy in front of Chattanooga, the Eleventh Corps holding the left of our line, this regiment was massed in column and

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 82.

---------------

