
I was ordered to support the Fifty-fifth Ohio, which engaged the enemy at the point where our line of battle crossed the Memphis and Charleston Railroad. We were held thus in reserve until about 12 o'clock, November 24. The enemy's sharpshooters kept up a very annoying fire along the front of the Second Division,and could not be dislodged by our skirmishers. A small creak ran between the two skirmish lines, and the enemy appeared to hold a strong position on its opposite bank. I was ordered to cross this creek near its mouth and charge the enemy in the woods, driving them from the front off our division lines, or, at least, developing their position and strength. Throwing the regiment across the creek, I sent forward Companies A and B as skirmishers, and charged on the double-quick. We drove in their skirmishers on the left and gained the rear of their rifle-pits, cutting off about 30 men from their supports. These men at once gave themselves up as prisoners. We gained a position behind the embankment of the East Tennessee railroad almost 300 yards from its crossing the Memphis road. Here we engaged the enemy's sharpshooters in a clump of houses, and being ordered not to go farther forward, we remained in this advanced position during the night.

Early next morning, in conjunction with the skirmishers of the Second Brigade, we charged the enemy's skirmishers again, and drove them a fourth of a mile, the left of our division moving forward and holding the ground thus gained. In these charges the offices and men of the regiment behaved with veteran coolness and courage, sustaining their high character for gallantry in action.

This regiment took no further part in the battle at Chattanooga, but with the brigade moved up the river to the Chickamauga from which place on the following day we took up the line of march in pursuit of the retreating foe. From Graysville we advanced with the brigade to Parker's Gap, and thence to Red Clay, where we assisted in the destruction of the railroad. Subsequently the regiment filled its place in the brigade in the march through East Tennessee to the relief of Knoxville, advancing as far as Louisville.

The men bore with a heroic spirit the rigors of this trying campaign. May of them were without blankets and some without shoes, but cheered by the welcome of loyal citizens and prompted by their own high soldierly spirit, they did their duty well.

The casualties during the campaign were 1 wounded, 1 died during the march, and 1 missing.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

SAML. H. HURST,

Major, Comdg. Seventy-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain B. F. STONE.

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 106.

Report of Major General Carl Schurz, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, including march to the relief of Knoxville.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, ELEVENTH CORPS,Lookout Valley, December 22, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to present the following report about the part taken by the Third Division in the operations of the Army of the Cumberland from November 22 to December 17:

On November 22, I received the order to leave my camp in Look-

