
out Valley and to march to Chattanooga. My division started at noon and arrived at its camping ground, on the right of General Wood's division in front of Chattanooga, after dark.

On November 23, about noon, two divisions of the Army of the Cumberland attacked the enemy in front and carried the first line of rifle-pits. At 2 p.m. I received the order to take position in the woods on the left of those divisions, between Orchard Knob and the Tennessee River, connecting on my right with General Wood and on my left with the Second Division of this corps. In taking this position I had a slight skirmish with the enemy's pickets, and was exposed to the fire of a rebel battery placed on the slope of Missionary Ridge, opposite Orchard Knob. I pushed my skirmishers out as far as Citico Creek and remained in this position during the night.

November 24,a t daybreak, the enemy opened a lively fire upon my skirmishers from a line of rifle-pits on the other side of Citico Creek. I was ordered to strengthen my front with intrenchments, and did so. Occasional skirmishing occurred during the day, but nothing of a serious nature. Colonel Buschbeck's brigade having been detached from the second Division to open communication with General Sherman's command, which had crossed the Tennessee on our extreme left at daybreak, I was ordered about 3 p.m. to send one brigade to the left to complete that communication. Colonel Krzyzanowski, whose brigade had formed my reserve, was ordered off accordingly Late in the afternoon I received an order from General Grant to support the forces on my right and left, in case of an attack, to the best of my ability, but if not attacked to do nothing that might bring on a general engagement. The night passed quietly.

November 25, shortly after sunrise, I was directed by General Howard to drive the enemy's skirmishers out of the rifle-pits in my front, which was executed by Colonel Hecker without serious resistance on the part of the rebels. Colonel Krzyzanowski's brigade rejoined me by order of General Howard. The corps was then ordered to march to the support of General Sherman, crossing Citico Creek near its mouth and following the Tennessee River to General Sherman's pontoon bridge. I took position on General Sherman's left about 2 p.m. My command had no enemy in front, except a few skirmishers, and nothing of importance occurred.

November 26, the corps marched in pursuit of the retreating enemy to Chickamauga Station, and camped within 3 miles of Graysville, arriving in camp one hour after sundown.

November 27, marched to Parker's Gap, the Second Division leading; my Third Brigade, together with the Second Brigade, Second Division, was ordered to destroy the railroad at Red Clay. The division camped at the crossing of the Red Clay and Cleveland roads. The destruction of the railroad was successfully accomplished.

My Third Brigade reported back at 1 a.m. November 28.

November 28, the division camped near Parker's Gap.

November 29, marched to Cleveland, Third Division leading; nothing of importance.

November, 30, marched to Charleston, Second Division leading.

December 1, marched to Athens.

December 2, marched to Sweet Water and Philadelphia, driving a little detachment of rebel cavalry before us. Arrived in camp, 2 miles beyond Philadelphia, about one hour after sundown.

