
December 3, the Third Division broke camp at 4 a.m., and entered Loudon (which had been abandoned by the enemy during the night) before sunrise, Colonel Krzyzanowski's brigade leading. Considerable stores were found and distributed among the troops.

December 4, one regiment of Colonel Hecker's brigade crossed the river in a flat-boat,drove away a rebel cavalry detachment,and found four pieces of artillery spiked in a field-work on the opposite bank. The regiment was withdrawn before sundown.

From December 6 to December 17, marched to Louisville and returned to our old camps in Lookout Valley without any incidents worthy of notice. We arrived in camp on December 17, at 3 p.m.

I have the honor to affix a list of casualties.*

I am, colonel, very respectfully,.

C. SCHURZ,

Major-General, Comdg. Third Div., Eleventh Army Corps.

Lieutenant-Colonel MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 107.

Itineraries of the First Brigade (Brigadier General Hector Tyndale) and the Third Brigade (Colonel Frederick Hecker), November 1-30.#

FIRST BRIGADE.

On the 1st and 2nd instant, the line of earth-works, 1,200 yards in length, in front of the brigade was completed.

During the 3rd, 4th, 5th, 6th, and 7th, these works were strengthened by slashing the timber in front and constructing two lines of abatis, covering the intrenchments and building a redoubt near the center of this line.

On the 8th instant, a new line in the rear of the one above named was begun. This line, in the aggregate 1,500 yards long, was so far completed as to permit the brigade to be safely withdrawn to its new position on the 10th instant.

On the evening of the 9th, 7 deserters of the Thirty-second and Forty-sixth Alabama Regiments came within the lines of this brigade and surrendered.

On the 11th, 12th and 13th the line of defense in our front was made complete.

On the morning of the 14th, the brigade was under arms at daylight, additional guns being reported mounted by the enemy on Lookout Mountain.

From the 1st to the 18th instant, the enemy daily shelled, with his battery on Lookout, the camps, trains, &amp;C., of the brigade as opportunity served.

On the 22nd, at 1 p.m. the brigade marched, and arrived at Chattanooga at 8 p.m.

On the 23d, at 1 p.m., the Eleventh Corps, being formed in column of division by regiments in support of the Fourteenth Corps, this brigade was placed at the head of the Third Division, the

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 82.

#From returns for November.

---------------

