
enemy being driven from his positions in front of Mission Ridge. This brigade moved first and took its position, joining the Fourteenth Corps on the left. Skirmishing continued until nightfall and began again early next morning.

On the 24th, a line of rifle-pits was built in front of the brigade.

On the 25th, at 9 a.m, the brigade marched, crossing the Chickamauga and joining Sherman's forces at the northern extremity of Mission Ridge, skirmishing with the enemy during the afternoon. During the night a line of rifle-pits was built covering its position.

On the 26th, at 6 a.m., the brigade marched, pursuing the enemy, and halted 5 miles east of Chickamauga Station at 8 p.m., distance marched, 13 miles.

On the 27th, at 6 a.m., the brigade marched, passed through Graysville, and halted 4 miles east of Parker's Gap at 5 p.m., distance marched, 15 miles.

On the 28th, at 6.30 a.m, marched, and encamped at 10 a.m.

On the 29th, at 7.20 a.m., marched, and arrived at Cleveland,

Tennessee, at 5 p.m.; distance, 18 miles.

On the 30th, at 8.30 a.m. the brigade marched, and arrived at Charleston, on the Hiwassee River, at 3 p.m.; distance, 11 miles.

THIRD BRIGADE.

November 22, the Third Brigade marched to Chattanooga.

November 23, during the battle of Chattanooga this command was lying in front of Citico Creek.

November 24, took the rifle-pits on the east side of Citico Creek.

November 25, at 2 p.m., marched to the support of Sherman, who was on the left wing, near Chickamauga Creek.

November 26, in pursuit of Bragg, passing Chickamauga Station, this brigade marching through Parker's Gap and to Red Clay. Destroyed the railroad, and returned to Parker's Gap.

November 27, encamped near Parker's Gap.

November 28, marched to Cleveland, this brigade making a circuit to McDonald's Mills.

November 29, marched to Charleston.

November 30, crossed the Hiwassee River and marched to Athens.

Numbers 108.

Report of Major Thomas W. Osborn, Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. ARTY, 11TH CORPS, ARMY OF THE CUMBERLAND,Bridgeport, Ala., January 5, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the part borne by the artillery of this command in the engagements of the 23d, 24th, and 25th November, near Chattanooga, and the march toward Knoxville, Tennessee,

The batteries of this command are:

Second Division: I, First New York Artillery, Captain M. Wiedrich; G, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant C. F. Merkle.

Third Division: I, First Ohio Artillery, Captain H. Dilger; Thirteenth New York (Independent,), Captain W. Wheeler; ;K, First Ohio Artillery, Lieutenant N. Sahm.

