
My instructions, as received from Major-General Howard, were to leave the batteries of Captain Wiedrich and Lieutenant Sahm in the valley to assist Major-General Hooker, if required, and to take a sufficient number of horses from batteries to fully equip the remaining three batteries; to direct Captain Wheeler to report to General Brannan, chief of artillery of the Army at Chattanooga, for assignment to protect the troops of General Sherman in crossing the Tennessee River above the town. Captain Dilger and Lieutenant Merkle were to accompany the corps to Chattanooga. These dispositions were made as directed on the 22nd.

On the afternoon of the 23d, by direction of General Howard, I placed the battery of Lieutenant Merkle on a slight eminence on the left of General Sheridan's division, and reported to General Sheridan for orders. I also placed Captain Dilger on the right of the same division. This division at the time was being moved forward with the main line of battle. A few shots were fired by Lieutenant Merkle this p.m.

On the morning of the 24th he was moved forward, taking position with the main line of battle, and occasionally, when circumstances appeared to require, fired a few shots, generally with good effect. On the 25th, he again opened about noon, clearing the ground for an advance of the division. A little later moved forward with the advanced infantry, and from the outset of the charge by which Mission Ridge was carried he did fine work, by assisting materially to clear the enemy from their trenches and disturbing their fire greatly while our troops were climbing the hill.

The position to which Captain Dilger had been assigned unfortunately did not admit of his taking an active part, his position being such as to cover a plain over which it was feared the enemy would attempt to reach our rear.

Early in the morning, on the 24th, Captain Wheeler took position, under the immediate direction of Major Cotter, near and a little below the crossing of General Sherman. He was only required to fire about 20 rounds at long range, the enemy not massing sufficiently near his position. Colonel Barnett, of the Ohio artillery, in command of all the artillery at this position, speaks of Captain Wheeler's practice and evident good judgment.

Captain Wiedrich, in command of the batteries in the valley, engaged his batteries in the advance of General Hooker at the capture of Lookout Mountain, his own battery remaining as when the corps left the valley, on the range of hills running parallel to and between Lookout and the valley below. Lieutenant Sahm's battery he placed on the crest between his position and the creek, and by this means gained and admirable cross-fire with batteries placed on the same range to their right. In the attack on the mountain they are reported to have done good service. Generals Hooker, Butterfield, and Osterhaus have spoken of their practice as excellent.

On the 26th, Lieutenant Sahm's battery was moved to Rossville with General Hooker's column and left at that point. On the same day Captain Dilger, Captain Wheeler, and Lieutenant Merkle reported to the corps then at Chickamauga Station. On the 27th,at Graysville, Captain Wheeler and Lieutenant Merkle were ordered to report to General Hooker at Ringgold. Both batteries again reported to the corps on the 28th, at Parker's Gap, not being engaged during this absence. A gun carriage of Captain Wheeler broke down on the march, and, being unable to repair the carriage,the

25 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

