
captain sent the gun to his camp in the valley in a wagon. Captain Dilger accompanied the corps from Graysville to Red Clay on the 27th, and on the 28th returned to Parker's Gap.

Expecting the corps to moved to Lookout Valley, the general directed me to move Lieutenant Merkle's battery at the head of the column, and, by reason of a separation at this moment, I did not participate in the trip to Knoxville. Having reached the valley, I brought the three batteries to their former camp and did what I could to again fit them for service.

Captain Dilgere and Captain Wheeler accompanied the corps to Knoxville, Captain Wheeler reports having used his battery upon the enemy at the crossing of Hiwassee River, and again at the Tennessee River, opposite Loudon. I have received no report of Captain Dilger of this march. On the 20th December, the batteries returned to their old camp in the valley. It is as gratification to say that during these operations not one artillery officer or man was lost or injured, and everywhere officers and men did well. The artillery practice was everywhere good. The command lost very largely in horses.

When the corps moved from its on the 22nd the horses were greatly reduced, both by the long passage from Virginia to this place and by starvation in the valley. I could then only horse three batteries indifferently. The roads over which we marched were very bad; much of the time we could get no forage either from the depots or inn the country. The horses were continually giving out from exhaustion and want of food. Captain Wheeler and Captain Dilger report that they were unable to move with the column to and from Knoxville without impressing a considerable number of horses and mules in the country. Under the circumstances I think each battery did all that could be expected of it.

I regret the artillery of the corps could not have remained with the corps and fought in the principal engagement with it. It being, as it was, distributed through the army, it could gain little or no credit of its own, as all it may have earned would naturally be claimed by and accredited to the commanding officer of the troops with which it was serving during the engagement. The losses were confined to the loss of horses and ordnance property, a considerable amount of which was rendered unfit for further service.

I am, colonel, respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. WARD OSBORN,

Major, and Chief of Artillery, Eleventh Corps.

Lieutenant Colonel T. A. MEYSENBURG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 109.

Report of Captain Michael Wiedrich, First New York Light Artillery,

Chief of Artillery, Second Division.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY, 2nd DIVISION, 11TH ARMY CORPS,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, November 30,. 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to report to you the part taken by the batteries under my command in the battle of Lookout Mountain, November 24 and 25, 1863:

Having held a position on the summit of a mountain near and

