
west of Lookout Mountain since November 9-where we fortified ourselves by building two bomb-proofs, and where the enemy occasionally undertook to shell us, but without any effect or loss on our side-November 22, when the corps received orders to march to Chattanooga, your ordered me to furnish some horses to Battery G, Fourth U. S. Artillery, and the Thirteenth New York Battery, which I did, and to hold the position then held by my battery and Battery K, First Ohio.

On the evening of November 23, I received orders from Major Reynolds to change the position of Battery K, First Ohio, to a knoll north of Lookout Mountain, and a little to the left of mine, which was done early next morning, November 24, when about 10 a.m., same day our infantry made a charge on Lookout Mountain from our extreme right. I opened fire with the batteries on the enemy's rifle-pits on the foot of Lookout Mountain with good effect. The enemy soon found out that he could not hold them much longer an retreated up the mountain,while we kept up our fire with the same result until they reached their earth-works, under the peak of Lookout Mountain, they being closely pursued by our infantry, when I gave orders to cease firing. Late in the night I received orders from Major Reynolds to move the batteries across Lookout Creek, which was done early next morning, November 25, but very slowly, as I had not horses enough to move both batteries at once. After crossing I received orders to send Battery K, First Ohio, over Lookout Mountain to Rossville, leaving mine where it was until further orders, where we remained for several days, when I ordered them back in camp.

I am happy to say that all officers and men behaved well, and that we did not sustain any loss whatever.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. WIEDRICH,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery, 2nd Div., 11th A. C.

Major T. W. OSBORN,

Chief of Artillery, Eleventh Corps.

Numbers 110.

Report of Captain William Wheeler, Thirteenth New York Battery, including march to the relief of Knoxville.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTEENTH NEW YORK BATTERY,Bridgeport, Ala, January 7, 1864

SIR: I have the honor to report the following with regard too the part taken by the Thirteenth Independent New York Battery in the battles of November 24 and 25, 1863, at Missionary Ridge, and in the arduous marches which succeeded them:

On November 22, I received 14 horses, harnessed, from Battery I, First New York, and 13 horses, without harness, from Battery K, First Ohio, and moved my battery with the corps across the first pontoon at Brown's Ferry; there I was detached from the corps and ordered by you to report to Colonel Barnett, First Ohio; this I did, and was placed by him under command of Major Cotter, First Ohio. I moved that same evening about 2 miles up the river, but did not take position.

