
behavior of my men on this forced march, an their soldierly endurance of fatigue and exposure, an sometimes of hunger.

Lieutenant H. Muller was constantly on duty, and always did his duty well.

The above is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. WHEELER,

Captain, Commanding Thirteenth New York Battery,

Major T. W. OSBORN,

Chief of Artillery, Eleventh Corps.

Numbers 111.

Report of Lieutenant Christopher F. Merkle, Battery G, Fourth U. S. Artillery.
HDQRS. BATTERY G, FOURTH U. S. ARTILLERY,Lookout Valley, Tennessee, December 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward a report of the late battle of Mission Ridge, Tennessee:

I was ordered forward by Major Osborn chief of artillery Eleventh

Army Corps, on the 23rd November, 1863, at 2.30 p.m. and took up my position about 1 mile west of Mission Ridge and facing toward it. I fired several shots, about 4 p.m., of the same date, at the rebel camp close to the ridge.

About 2 a.m., of the 24th instant, I was ordered forward to a new position, about one-half a mile closer to the ridge, by order of Major-General Sheridan. Opened fire upon a strong rebel picket about 3 p.m. of the 24th instant. After having driven them from their position I was ordered to shell a rebel camp within easy range close to the ridge.

About 2 p.m. of the 25th ultimo, I was ordered to move my battery forward to a new position, some 600 yards nearer to the ridge by order of Brigadier-General Wagner, in order to shell the woods, drive the rebels out of them, and assist in the charge, which was to take place at a given signal in general, with which I complied. After our forces were in possession of Mission Ridge I ceased firing and remained on the field till next morning, when I received orders to join the Eleventh Army Corps at Chickamauga Station without delay, by order of Major-General Thomas.

I expended 340 rounds of ammunition, viz: 206 solid shot, 52 shell, and 88 spherical-case shot.

Lieutenant Richard Wilson, Third U. S. Artillery, the only officer I had with my battery, behaved gallantly, admirably, cool, and collected. The battery behaved well in general, especially First Sergt. William Leroy and Sergt. John Hunter.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. F. MERKLE,

Second Lieutenant, fourth U. S. Artillery, Comdg. Battery.

Lieutenant FREEMAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

