
CHATTANOOGA, November 21, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Bridgeport, Ala.:

I am directed by the general commanding to say that, in order to avoid delay, you will have your troops pass your transportation and move up at once, leaving only a sufficient force to guard your trains.

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 21, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: I have just received a report of the position of Sherman's forces. The raid last night has thrown them back so much that it will be impossible for him to get into position for action to-morrow morning. He will be up, however, against all calamities that can be foreseen, to commence on Monday morning.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General, Commanding.

CHATTANOOGA, November 22, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Near Chattanooga:

Owing to the late hour when Ewing will get up, if he gets up at all to-night, and the entire impossibility of Woods reaching in time to participate to-morrow, I have directed Thomas that we will delay yet another day. Let me know to-morrow, at as early an hour as you can, if you will be entirely ready for Tuesday morning. I would prefer Woods should be up to cross with the balance of your command, but if he can [not] be up in time to cross as soon as your pontoons are laid, I would prefer you should commence without him, to delaying another day.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 22, 1863.

Brigadier General CHARLES R. WOODS,

Comdg. First Div., Army of the Tennessee, near Chattanooga:

You must get up with your force to-morrow without fail. Pass the wagon train and leave it to follow with rear guard. If you cannot get up with your artillery, come without it, leaving it to follow. I will expect the head of your column at Brown's Ferry by 10 a.m. to-morrow (23d) without fail.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

(One copy of above sent commanding officer at Whiteside's, one to commanding officer at Bridgeport, and they ordered to forward by courier.)

