
[CHAP. XLIII.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 22, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: The bridge at Brown's Ferry being down to-day, and the excessively bad roads since the last rain, will render it impossible for Sherman to get up either of his two remaining divisions in time for the attack to-morrow morning. With one of them up, and which would have been there now but for the accident to the bridge, I would still make the attack in the morning, regarding a day gained as of superior advantage to a single division of troops.

You can make your arrangements for this delay.

Very respectfully,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 22, 1863.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Up to the hour I left General Sherman's headquarters, 3.30 this afternoon, General Davis had not reported to him. If Davis has not received orders to report to Sherman, and to receive his directions directly from him during the present movement, please so instruct him at once.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FOURTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, November 23, 1863-3.30 a.m.

Major FULLERTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MAJOR: I have the honor to forward you the following information obtained from two deserters who came inside the lines of this division after 12 this a.m.:

These men state the rebel army is retreating. Say the troops which passed over the ridge yesterday were going to Chickamauga Station. They say the rumor in camps was yesterday that by this evening there would be nothing but their pickets left. Say their wagon trains had been ordered in (they had been kept to the rear for foraging purposes). They fully corroborate the statement of prisoners received yesterday morning as to their artillery having all left. I sent the prisoners to corps provost-marshal herewith.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

TH. J. WOOD,

Brigadier General U. S. Volunteers, Comdg. General Officer of the Day.

(Forwarded to General Grant.)

