
line of the railroad, near our left, upon the point where the enemy had massed in front of the First Brigade. Our guns were admirably served, and, at 1 o'clock, the rebels gave evidences of weakness, when several of Osterhaus' regiments scaled the mountain, and Ireland pushed his skirmishers into the gap, the One hundred and forty-ninth New York capturing two flags, one, the guidon of the enemy's battery. The enemy were driven back and the ridge was in our possession, after about five hours' contest. A number of prisoners fell into our hands.

Skirmishers from the Sixtieth and One hundred and second New York, under Captain Stegman, were immediately sent through the gap, annoying the rear skirmishers of the enemy. On nearing the railroad bridge over the Catoosa, they found a party of the enemy attempting to destroy it with fire. Driving them off with a few volleys, the flames were extinguished.

At half a mile from this point,they drove another party, which made a temporary stand, from the second bridge, and put out the fire they had applied to it. Prisoners were taken by my skirmishers, who remained out until relieved in the morning. I sent the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania into the gap, and retired the balance of my command a short distance to the rear for rest. Detachments were sent up on the ridge to bury the dead and gather the wounded, some of whom had fallen into the hands of the rebels, who carried off a number of their own dead and their wounded, leaving ours. Quite a number of rebel dead were found in front of the locality where the First Brigade had fought; also arms and accouterments.

Two companies were sent to Chattanooga with prisoners. Houses in the town were converted into hospitals, and our wounded occupied the careful attention of our own medical corps and that of General Cruft, which was kindly tendered with his hospital supplies and ambulances.

I appointed a provost guard for the town, which, on the following day, pursuant to your orders, destroyed the mills, tanneries, and manufactories that could have been rendered serviceable to the enemy.

On the 28th, I advanced the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania beyond the gap on picket, and placed Ireland's whole brigade on picket along the ridge on both sides of the gap. The approaches were strengthened by slashing, detachments were scattered, and many large fires built, to give the enemy the impression a large force was there stationed. The First Brigade relieved them on the 29th, and the Second took the place of the First on the 30th, each retiring to the houses in Ringgold, wherein I quartered my troops on the 28th to shelter them from the inclement weather.

The wounded were sent to Chattanooga on the day subsequent to the battle. Large details were furnished to destroy the railroad.

At half past 2 on the morning of the 1st of December, my command marched from Ringgold, after destroying all the bridges, leaving fires burning brightly on the mountain, and we reached our old encampment in Lookout Valley on the same day.

In closing this report, I have imposed upon me the melancholy duty of recording the death of several of the bravest and noblest officers of my command: Major G. M. Elliott, One hundred and second New York Volunteers, entered the service with his regiment as

