
first lieutenant, in October, 1861. In the fall of 1862, he was detailed as ordnance officer of this division, and was relieved in July of the present year to enable him to accept the rank he held at the time of his death. During his entire connection with this command he exhibited qualities and combinations of character of the rarest development; thoroughly educated as a scholar and a gentleman, he was no less an accomplished soldier and a strict disciplinarian. Possessing in a remarkable degree the impetuosity of the young soldier, with the cool and cautious prudence of the veteran, had he lined the profession of arms could not but have been adorned by his association. When he fell, the first one shot in the division on Lookout Mountain, the command lost one of its brightest ornaments; one cherished, respected, and esteemed, by all grades, as possessing the noblest characteristics of each.

Colonel W. R. Creighton and Lieutenant Colonel O. J. Crane, of the Seventh Ohio Volunteers, were two as brave men and thorough veterans as ever commanded men in the field. To speak of Creighton and Crane in the command was at once to personify all that was gallant, brave, and daring. Colonel Creighton commanded the First Brigade (to which his regiment was attached) at the time of his death, and Lieutenant-Colonel Crane led the regiment in the assault upon Taylor's Ridge. In this attack the latter was killed in sight of his regimental commander, whose feelings, at the sudden bereavement, were manifested in one of those sudden ebullitions of the affections that seem out of place on the battle-field, but which reflect the highest credit upon those exhibiting them. Rallying his own regiment, he reformed it in the face of the enemy, and calling upon it to avenge Crane's death and to bring away his body, he led them forward a second time. Shortly afterward he fell, and his last inspiration was characteristic of his brave and noble heart:"Hurrah for the First Brigade! Hurrah for the Union! Tell my wife---." He was no more. These, and other brave men, are lost to the cause and their country, but as their commander I cannot withhold at this time my own personal tribute to their worth and gallantry.

To the various brigade commanders, the First, Colonels Candy and Ahl; the Second, Colonel G. A. Cobham, jr., and the Third, Colonel D. Ireland, I feel under special obligations. The high state of discipline to which they had brought their commands, teaching them as soldiers to despise alike hunger and cold and hardships, as well as to the cool and prompt obedience they gave to my orders upon all occasions, much of my success in carrying out the plans of the major-general commanding is to be attributed.

In the case of Colonel Creighton, the censure or commendation of his commanding general falls with like effect; to Colonel Cobham and Colonel Ireland, as well as to Major Reynolds, commanding the artillery, I do but simple justice in commending their personal gallantry and efficiency as worthy of all praise.

While thus giving honorable mention to the names of the commanding officers, it is no less a duty and pleasure to allude to the heroic and gallant conduct of the rank and file of the command.

Upon leaving our encampment on the morning of the 24th of November, fully aware of the nature of the labor to be encountered in mastering the ascent of Lookout Mountain, I had directed my brigade commanders to have their men put in light marching order. They had but one day's rations of hard bread in their haversacks.

