
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd DIV., 12TH ARMY CORPS,

No. 79. Wauhatchie, Tennessee, December 3, 1863.

A most important era in the present contest for national existence has just been passed; battles, culminating in grandest success, fought and won, and the part taken by the troops of this division, in the engagements by which it had been marked, having reflected so much honor upon themselves, as individuals, and upon the command to which they are attached, the general commanding cannot refrain from alluding to those services in terms which shall convey, in some measure, his warm appreciation of their valor, their patriotism, and their noble endurance of severe hardship while engaged in the arduous campaign.

With heartfelt pride he reverts to their prowess in the assaults with made them heroes of Lookout Mountain on the 24th ultimo, and to their gallant conduct upon Missionary Ridge on the 25th; Pea Vine Creek on the 26th; at Ringgold, upon Taylor's Ridge, on the 27th. The conquest of Lookout Mountain will, associated with the emblematic "White Star" of the conquerors, stand out as prominently in history as do the beetling cliffs of that Titanic eminence upon the horizon. For these services he tenders them his heartfelt thanks, for their endurance his sympathy, for their bereavement in the loss of so many gallant officers and so many brave and noble men his condolence. In all the division, death could not have selected braver spirits, nobler hearts, than those who have lain their lives a sacrifice upon their country's altar in the recent engagements with the rebel forces. He assures them that their gallant conduct had gained for them the high esteem and appreciation of the commanding generals. It behooves us to remember, prayerfully, that the hand of the Omnipotent Architect of the Universe is visible in our great victories, and that He who holds in His hand the destinies of nations has, in His goodness, answered the humble petitions for success to crown our arms which ascended from anxious hearts to His heavenly throne.

By command of Brig. General John W. Geary:

THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Captain, and Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 113.

Report of Colonel Charles Candy, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 12TH ARMY CORPS,Wauhatchie, Tennessee, December 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance to instructions I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by this brigade in the late battle of Lookout Mountain:

On the morning of the 24th November, about 6 a.m., I received instructions (through Captain Wilbur, aide-de-camp on General Geary's staff) to move with the brigade to the vicinity of Wauhatchie, and report for instructions to General Geary, commanding division, leaving such portion of the brigade as were on picket duty,

