
which was very heavy, being compelled to guard the line lately occupied by the Eleventh Corps. The remainder of the brigade joined the division at the point designated, and was ordered to follow the Third Brigade; was ordered by General Geary, commanding division, to form the regiments in line, the right of the leading regiment en echelon at about 50 paces interval to the troops on our right, the brigade consisting of the Fifth, Seventh, and Sixty-sixth Ohio, and Twenty-eighth and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers (the Twenty-ninth Ohio having been left on picket-as a regiment was not represented); moved forward in the following order, when the forward was sounded: One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Seventh Ohio, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania, Sixty-sixth Ohio, and Fifth Ohio, with instructions to govern their movements by the troops on their right, keeping their proper intervals, so as to scour the entire side of the mountain in moving forward. The "forward" was sounded, and the brigade moved forward, fully carrying out the instructions to change front to the left, with two regiments to scour the fields at the foot of the mountain, as the line did not scour sufficiently that portion of the ground, and to prevent the enemy from concealing themselves in that locality, and to uncover the fords, so that the troops could cross Lookout Creek at or near its mouth. After the two regiments had uncovered the fords, and troops had commenced to cross and secured a footing, they were ordered back to their original position. After regaining their proper position, the left of the brigade was ordered forward about "a half wheel," heavy and sharp firing was heard on the right and front; prisoners commenced coming in. The Fifth Ohio, numbering only about 50 men, was detailed to take charge of them and conduct them to the rear, which they did. Advancing for several hundred yards, the command was halted for a short time to rest. In the meantime, the troops on the right had attacked and driven the enemy from his rifle-pits, with considerable loss in prisoners, killed, and wounded.

Between 2 and 3 o'clock I had the misfortune to injure my hip. Shortly after receiving the injury, was ordered forward with the brigade to relieve the Third Brigade. After relieving Third Brigade, becoming very lame, I sent my adjutant-general to General Geary, stating that I would be compelled to relinquish command of the brigade to the next senior officer. I turned over the command to Colonel William R. Creighton, Seventh Ohio Volunteers.

During the time I had command of the brigade, every officer and soldier endeavored to perform the work before them with vigor and cheerfulness, sustaining their reputation as soldiers. Great credit is due my personal staff for the manner in which they all performed their duties, in carrying orders, &amp;c., along the extended lines.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. CANDY,

Colonel Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteers, Comdg. First Brigade.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

