
No. 114.

Reports of Colonel Thomas J. Ahl, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding regiment and First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., SECOND DIV., 12TH ARMY CORPS,Wauhatchie, Tennessee, December 8, 1863.

CAPTAIN: Herewith I have the honor to transmit the report of the part taken by this brigade while under the command of Colonel Charles Candy, Sixty-sixth Ohio, up to the time he was hurt. He, being unable to continue in command, relinquished it to his next senior, Colonel William R. Creigton, Seventh Ohio Volunteers, who was mortally wounded in the action on Taylor's Ridge, and being the next in command present, it becomes my duty to make the following report:

When Colonel Creigton assumed command the brigade was in position, two regiments (Seventh Ohio and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers) on the right and left of the road, about 200 yards in advance of the white house; the Sixty-sixth Ohio and Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers were farther down the mountain, on the left. When the Seventh Ohio and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania first took their position, several very heavy volleys were received from the enemy; they returned the fire rapidly. An irregular fire was kept up on both sides during the remainder of the afternoon. A short time after the above regiments reached their positions, the enemy were observed to be massing on the extreme right under the cliff. Word was sent to General Geary, commanding, to that effect, when the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers were ordered up to fill the gap and to dislodge the enemy, which was accomplished in a short time in most gallant style. At the same time the sharpshooters from the top of the rocks were harassing the regiment very much, when a portion of the regiment was detached as sharpshooters, and soon drove them from their position. They quietly occupied their position during the remainder of the day.

The various regiments of the brigade were relieved at different times during the night to make coffee, but re-occupied their former position, and remained in it until morning, when the Stars and Stripes were seen to float from the point, the enemy having evacuated during the night.

At 11 a.m. orders were received to march to the foot of Missionary Ridge, where the brigade was formed in line of battle in the following order: One hundred and forty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Sixty-sixth and Seventh Ohio Volunteers. Skirmishers were thrown out from the Seventh Ohio. When we moved forward considerable firing was heard on the right, where General Cruft's division had gained the top of the ridge, driving the enemy before him along the top. Our skirmishers joined the left of his, and exchanged a few shots with the enemy. We moved along the base of the mountain, about three-fourths of a mile, when orders were received to move obliquely toward the summit, with two regiments in line, the other two to follow by the flank.

Our skirmishers reached the top at the same time as the main part of General Cruft's division, and had the pleasure of seeing a brigade of rebels throw down their arms and give themselves up to the men of that division.

Our progress up the side of the ridge was greatly retarded by the

