
of the mountain, and prepared to resist any attack that might be made on the flanks. At this time that brave and accomplished officer, Colonel William R. Creighton, fell mortally wounded in the attempt to rally the men of his regiment at the foot of the ridge, when the command devolved on myself. The regiments on the right had maintained their position on the side of the mountain, skirmishing with the enemy, but could gain no ground, and many of the men out of ammunition. Seeing the condition of affairs, I proceeded to have the scattered portions of the brigade collected on the railroad. I reported the condition of things to the general commanding, when I received orders to form the brigade on the main street of the town, and ordered those regiments that were on the side of the mountain to rejoin the brigade, they having reported themselves entirely out of ammunition and unable to maintain their position on the ridge on account, it was supposed, of a portion of our army moving up the east side of the ridge.

The brigade was then ordered into camp in the woods on the right of the town, remaining there over night. On the next morning it (the brigade) was quartered in houses on account of the men not having any shelter with them. We remained at Ringgold until the morning of the 1st of December, 1863, when the brigade returned to its former camp at this place. Upon arriving at this place I turned over the command to Colonel John H. Patrick, the ranking colonel.

I thank the regimental commanders for their hearty co-operation in carrying out all orders that were received, and too much praise cannot be awarded to the officers and men of this brigade for the fortitude and uncomplaining manner that they endured the hardships of the campaign, from the severity of the weather, without blankets, &amp;c., on short rations, but obeyed all orders with alacrity, and bore the fatigues of the marches as becomes true soldiers, battling for their country's honor, thereby sustaining their well-earned reputation, gained on many well-fought battle-fields.

To the brigade staff, I beg leave to tender my sincere thanks for their valuable services.

Accompanying report you will find the official reports of all the regiments, excepting the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers,* who were left on picket, and did not participate in the campaign, also a consolidated list of the killed and wounded.+

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. J. AHL,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[DECEMBER 8, 1863.]

The Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, in accordance to orders, left its encampment at Wauhatchie, Tennessee, on the morning of the 22nd of November, and marched to the camp of the ---- Brigade, Eleventh Army Corps, which it occupied until

---------------

*But see p. 419 for report of this regiment.

+Embodied in revised statement, p.83.

---------------

