
the morning on the 24th, when it marched to Lookout Creek, and crossed, ascending Lookout Mountain in line of battle, marching en echelon, the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry being on the right. Arriving at the point of the mountain, it was ordered to the support of the Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which was lying in the intrenchments on the west of the white house. From there it was ordered to take position on the right of the Seventh Ohio Volunteers, the extreme right occupying the base of the large rock on the top of the mountain. Immediately after nightfall it was relieved, and bivouacked for the night. On the morning of the 25th, the enemy had evacuated the mountain, and it took up the line of march for Missionary Ridge; arriving there it was ordered to attack the enemy on the ridge, and marched in line of battle on the right of the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Volunteers; arriving at the top the enemy had fled; bivouacked for the night on the west side of the mountain.

On the morning of the 26th, took up the line of march after the retreating foe, and marched to Chickamauga Creek, where it formed line of battle and marched in that manner to Pigeon Ridge, where it camped for the night.

On the morning of the 27th, took up line of march and arrived at Ringgold, Ga., before midday. Was formed in line of battle on the north side of the town and on the left of the Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry; was ordered to dislodge the enemy from the top of Taylor's Ridge; advanced in line of battle, fighting its way toward the summit; engaged the enemy for over an hour, advancing steadily until within about 50 feet of the summit, when our left suddenly gave way, leaving us exposed to a flanking and a cross fire. Slowly it gave way and it stubbornly descended the hill, having lost 4 men killed, and 4 officers and 28 men wounded. Reformed at the foot of the hill and marched to the south of the town and bivouacked.

Very respectfully,

THOS. J. AHL,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers.

No. 115.

Report of Colonel John H. Patrick, Fifth Ohio Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, December 2, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to order from division headquarters of December 1, 1863, I have the honor to report the part taken by the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the engagement on Lookout Mountain:

There were seven companies on picket at Lookout Creek, from the extreme left, extending above the burnt bridge on the railway and connecting with the Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. The attack on the rebel pickets was opened by the Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Several shots exchanged, when the rebels retired before our men. The Fifth went to several rebel picket posts and relieved them without resistance.

One officer, with 20 men, came from the mountain to re-enforce the rebel picket reserve, but on hearing that our forces were on the mountain surrendered. We took 130 at this point.

Three companies proceeded with the column along the side of the

