
mountain as far as the white house, when they were detailed to take charge of prisoners, but remained with the column until evening, when we returned the prisoners to headquarters, taking a receipt for them. Two companies remained at headquarters to take the prisoners to Kelley's Landing, and eight companies remained on picket at the pontoon bridge, repairing roads, &amp;c., until the return of the Second Division from Ringgold. We turned over 1,293 prisoners in all.

All of which is most respectfully submitted.

J. H. PATRICK,

Colonel Fifth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 116.

Report of Captain Ernst J. Krieger, Seventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Wauhatchie, Tennessee, December 3, 1863.

LIEUTENANT:I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders received from the colonel commanding the brigade, on the morning of the 24th ultimo we were relieved from picket and marched, with the Twenty-eighth and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania and Sixty-sixth Ohio Regiments, of our brigade, up Lookout Valley, to a bridge across Lookout Creek. When we arrived there we found the other brigades of our division already crossing and forming for an assault on the rebels, camped on Lookout Mountain. The Seventh, under command of Colonel William R. Creighton, crossed the creek about noon, being the second regiment of the brigade over, and formed in line of battle on the left and to the rear of the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania. After the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania and Sixty-sixth Ohio had crossed and had formed similarly to our left and rear, the whole brigade moved forward en echelon, obliquely up the mountain side, in support of the Third and Second Brigades, who had commenced skirmishing. When we arrived at the rebel camp, we found that they had surprised and captured nearly the entire rebel force on this side of Lookout.

The regiment halted on the northern slope of the mountain, at a point some 300 feet from the summit. We were considerably annoyed by a desultory fire from rebel sharpshooters, stationed on the top of the mountain, and whom it was impossible to dislodge at that time.

At this time two men were wounded. After remaining in this position about an hour, we were ordered to relieve the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York State Volunteers, who were on picket on the east side of the mountain about 300 yards beyond the ridge. The weather at this time was very foggy and rainy, making it impossible to distinguish friend from foe at the distance of a few yards.

While we were in the act of relieving the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York, we were attacked by the rebels, but as we could not see them by reason of the fog, we did not return the fire, sheltering ourselves as much as possible behind rocks and trees. The rebels continued their fire upward of two hours, but succeeded in wounding only 4 men, most of them slightly.

During this affair Colonel Creighton assumed command of the brigade, having learned that the colonel commanding the brigade

27 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

