
had become disabled by an accident. The command of the regiment then devolved on Lieutenant Colonel O. J. Crane.

We were relieved from picket about 5 p.m., and countermarched to a peach orchard a few rods to the rear, built fires, and cooked coffee. About midnight we were again ordered on picket, the right of the regiment resting well up toward the mountain top. The night was bitterly cold, and as the men had left their knapsacks behind, in obedience to orders, and as no fires were allowed on picket, the men suffered severely. We were relieved about daylight, and marched back to the peach orchard. About this time we discovered that the enemy had left the summit of Lookout Mountain.

About 10 a.m. on the 25th ultimo, we fell in and marched down the mountain and across the valley toward Mission Ridge. As the regiment was on the right of the column, three companies were sent out as skirmishers. We supported the skirmishers and marched up Mission Ridge, meeting little opposition. When we reached the top of the ridge we halted about an hour, but finding that the rebels had retreated, we marched down the hill and bivouacked for the night.

About 8 o'clock on the morning of the 26th ultimo, we started forward, our position being on the left of the brigade. Nothing of interest occurred during the day; we halted for the night at the foot of Pigeon Mountain.

We started at daylight on the morning of the 27th of November for Ringgold, Ga., our position still being on the left of the brigade. When our advance arrived at Ringgold, the enemy was found in position on Taylor's Ridge, beyond the town, their line extending from the gap northward, and prepared to resist our advance. As soon as our brigade arrived in town, it was ordered to scale the mountain beyond their right flank and to drive the rebels off. The brigade was drawn up in two lines of battle on the railroad about half a mile north of the gap, the rear line being ordered to preserve a distance of 100 yards in rear of the first line, and to act as its support. The Twenty-eighth and One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiments formed the first line, and the Sixty-sixth and Seventh Ohio Regiments formed the first line, the Seventh being on the left. When we approached the foot of the line, and the Sixty-sixth and Seventh Ohio Regiments the second line, the Seventh being on the left. When we approached the foot of the hill, the enemy, seeing our movements, made a disposition of his troops to meet us by extending his line to his right and opening a sharp and accurate fire on our advance line. The mountain is very steep and difficult of ascent, being about 450 feet high. When the first line reached the foot of the hill they halted to return the fire. The rear line continued its march, passed through the first line, and commenced ascending the hill. The Seventh ascended a ravine, which enabled the enemy to direct an effective fire on us from the front and both flanks, making us lose severely all along the line. The steepness of the ascent necessarily made our progress very slow, but the regiment persevered in its advance, not stopping to return the fire. The regiment nearly gained the crest of the hill, within a few yards of the rebel breastworks, when their fire became too heavy and effective for flesh and blood to withstand. Here Lieutenant Colonel O. J. Crane fell, one of the bravest and best of officers; and as a mere handful only remained, and as there was no hope of carrying the hill, Colonel Creighton, commanding the brigade, ordered us to fall back to the foot of the hill, which we did, carrying as many of our wounded with us as possible.

On reaching the foot of the hill, finding that I was the only

