
officer of the regiment not disabled, I took command, rallied the men, and rejoined the brigade. Soon after reaching the foot of the hill, Colonel Creighton received his mortal wound, and soon after did from its effects. We are stunned by the loss of our colonels. We had fondly hoped that, having passed through so many battles, they would be spared to take us home in the spring. The loss will not be felt by us alone; it will be felt throughout the corps and at home.

The following is a summary of our loss on Taylor's Ridge, Ga.: Officers killed, Colonel William R. Creighton, Lieutenant Colonel O. J. Crane, Adjt. Morris Baxter, Lieutenant Joseph Cryne, and Lieutenant Isaac C. Jones; officers wounded, Captain Samuel McClelland, Captain William D. Braden, Lieutenant George A. McKay, Lieutenant George D. Lockwood, Lieutenant C. Nesper, Lieutenant H. N. Spencer, Lieutenant E. H. Bohm, and Lieutenant D. H. Brown.

The number of enlisted men who were in line at the commencement of the battle was 206, of whom-were killed,-were wounded, none missing. Most of the wounds are severe ones.

I inclose herewith reports of the casualties* on Lookout Mountain, Tennessee, on the 24th ultimo, and on Taylor's Ridge, Ga., on the 27th ultimo.

The men all behaved admirably and would not fall back until ordered, and the unparalleled loss of the officers testifies to their bravery and devotion. In the death of Colonel Creighton and Lieutenant-Colonel Crane our loss is irreparable. They need no praise from us-we cannot do their memory nor our feelings justice, but we will always hold them in remembrance for their efforts in our behalf and as our guides through a dozen battles.

In the death of Adjt. Morris Baxter we lose a noble man, brave to rashness in battle, energetic and efficient in camp. Lieutenants Cryne and Jones were good officers and gentleman, beloved by their respective commands.

Our noble dead need no eulogy from us; others will do their memories justice. We were repulsed, but not disgraced; humbled, but not humiliated. All that men could do against superior numbers and the advantageous position of the enemy was cheerfully done. We retired, under orders from General Geary, from the hill with the consciousness that we had not dishonored our flag.

Respectfully submitted.

E. J. KRIEGER,

Captain, Comdg. Seventh Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 117.

Report of Colonel William T. Fifth, Twenty-ninth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-NINTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Wauhatchie, Tennessee, December 12, 1863.

ADJUTANT:I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Twenty-ninth Regiment in the late operations against the enemy:

On the morning of the 23d, I received orders to have my regiment ready to move by 8 a.m., at which time the regiment left their camp

