
and marched to the camps previously occupied by the Eleventh Corps, and there I was ordered to relieve a brigade of the Eleventh Corps from picket with my regiment. The number present for duty are as follows: Field and staff officers, 6; line officers, 12; enlisted men, 278. The line of picket was on Lookout Creek, from the railroad bridge south, and joining the picket of the First Brigade, of the Twelfth Corps, on my right.

On the morning of the 24th of November, 1863, I received orders from the colonel commanding the brigade as soon as the troops moved in front of my line of pickets to bring in my regiment. The troops did not move in front of the right wing of my regiment, but did move in front of the left wing. The right wing opened fire on the enemy and from 5 to 15 rounds were used on the enemy, the regiment meeting with no casualties. After the enemy fell back from the creek I brought in the regiment, and received orders from General Butterfield to build two brigades over the above-named creek, and hold them at all hazards, and turn back all stragglers, and allow none but wounded and generals with staff officers and couriers to cross, which duty I did, until the morning of 1st December, when I received orders through Colonel J. H. Patrick, from General Geary, to march with my regiment to Ringgold, Ga. I marched the regiment about 2 miles, when I received orders from the colonel commanding to countermarch, and go into our old camp at Wauhatchie, Tennessee, which I did, meeting with no casualties, either to officers or enlisted men, leaving one company at the upper bridge for guard duty, until I received orders from General Geary, December 2, 1863, to march with the Fifth and Twenty-ninth Ohio Volunteers on Lookout Mountain, and on the 3rd day of December I received orders from General Geary to bring the above-named regiments to our original camp again, and report in person to Major-General Hooker, and received orders from General Hooker to report back to General Geary, and then received orders to go into camp. All of which I most respectfully report.

I remain, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM T. FITCH,

Colonel Twenty-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 118.

Report of Captain Thomas McConnell, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-SIXTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Wauhatchie, Tennessee, December 3, 1863.

LIEUTENANT:In compliance with circular, dated headquarters First Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, Ringgold, Ga., November 30, 1863, I have the honor to submit the following report, viz:

On the morning of the 24th November, in connection with the rest of the Second Division, the Sixty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers moved to the foot of Lookout Mountain, where line of battle was formed, with this regiment on the extreme right of the second line, in which way we moved until the right became engaged at or near the enemy's camp, when it was ordered to move by the right flank up the mountain and in rear of the Third Brigade, Second Division,

