
and were held in reserve until the works at of near the white house were taken, when the regiment was ordered to relieve the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, where it remained until the next morning, when it relieved the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry beyond the white house. The regiment was not engaged on Lookout Mountain, but had 5 men wounded by stray balls.

On the morning of the 25th, the regiment was ordered to march for Mission Ridge. It moved out the Rossville road, and arrived at Rossville at 3 p.m., when we were ordered into line, this regiment holding the right, in which way the regiment moved up and along the foot of the ridge, sometimes in line and again by flank, until nightfall, the regiment not firing a gun. One man wounded by premature explosion of shell.

On the morning of the 27th, upon our arrival at Ringgold,we were ordered to move up the railroad, form line and storm the ridge. The regiment was on the extreme right of the first line, in which way it advanced up the hill under a galling fire, until our right rested on the left of the Twenty-sixth Iowa Volunteers. We remained in this position until our ammunition was exhausted, when I sent word to Colonel Creighton, Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, commanding brigade. He being wounded, I reported to Colonel Ahl, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, who ordered me to fall back slowly to the railroad. The regiments lost in killed 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men,and 10 men wounded.

The regiment behaved very well indeed while under fire and sustained its well earned reputation on former fields.

I have the honor to be, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. McCONNELL,

Captain Company A, 66th Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty., Comdg. Regiment

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 119.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ario Pardee, jr., One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

HDQRS. 147TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOL. INFANTRY, December 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to herewith submit the following account of the part taken by the One hundred and forty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers in the battle of Lookout Mountain, November 24, 1863; in the action on Missionary Ridge, near Rossville Gap, November 25, 1863, and in the battle of Ringgold Gap, Ga., November 27, 1863:

At 9 a.m. Tuesday, November 24, 1863, the regiment crossed Lookout Creek. Its position in line was on the extreme left, the Sixty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry on the right. Immediately after crossing the creek, by direction of the general commanding to a point about 300 yards below the point of crossing, and in advance of the brigade. At this place I formed and advanced in line of battle a distance of about 200 yards, where I halted, by order of General Geary, until the Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry

