
came up. I then marched by the right flank in a direction perpendicular to the base of the mountain, until there was room enough to form the brigade in line of battle. The march was then continued in line of battle without any interruption, although under fire, except that which resulted from the exceedingly rocky and broken nature of the ground, the shells of the enemy bursting far above and beyond the regiment. My right rested near the base of the ledge of rocks near the top of Lookout Mountain, and on my left was the Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry. It will be thus seen that my position had been changed from the left to the extreme right of the brigade.

After marching considerable distance, I came up with a line of skirmishers who were posted behind trees and rocks, in one of the numerous ravines through which we passed. This was a skirmish line from General Whitaker's brigade. I moved on until I came to the camp and breastworks of the enemy, through which I moved until a point near the unfinished rebel fort was reached, and where the skirmishers before mentioned were halted. Here I halted the regiment and rested about thirty minutes; the Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry rested near me. At this point the brigade of General Whitaker filed past the left of my regiment and moved to the front, followed by the skirmishers who had halted near me. I moved from this point by order of Colonel Candy, commanding the brigade, accompanied by the Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry. We moved to the front (beyond part of General Whitaker's brigade, who were posted just under Point Lookout) and relieved two regiments of the Third Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps,which were stationed on a ledge of rocks east of the white house. While forming we received quite a severe fire, which fortunately did us but little injury, wounding only 1 man severely. We were subjected to a heavy fire from an unseen force of the enemy, which was fired at some regiments of the brigade of General Whitaker, posted at right angles and in front of us. After having been in this position for about four hours, the regiment was relieved by a regiment from General Osterhaus' division, of the Fifteenth Army Corps. I would respectfully state that although balls were constantly passing near us, and the musketry was sufficiently heavy for a general engagement, not a shot was fired by my command.

At 11 a.m. the regiment moved with the brigade from Lookout Mountain to Rossville Gap, arriving at about 4 p.m. After ascertaining that the enemy were on the top of the ridge, a line of battle was formed, and, under the immediate command of General Geary, I was ordered to change front, faced to the rear, and support the skirmishers previously thrown out from the Seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry. I marched forward parallel with the ridge for some distance and then changed front forward in first company and moved to the left of the battery of flying artillery, toward the top of the ridge. In advancing up the side of the ridge the enemy retreated, having been previously flanked by the division of General Osterhaus.

