
We reached the top of the hill without firing a shot, capturing in the ascent 1 lieutenant-colonel and 5 enlisted men of an Alabama regiment, which were delivered to the provost-marshal of General Osterhaus' division.

November 26, the regiment marched to Pigeon Gap.

November 27, marched to Ringgold. In the battle of Ringgold Gap my regiment was on the left of the Seventh Ohio Volunteers, and 100 yards in rear of the Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers. After crossing the railroad we were exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy, who were posted on Taylor's Ridge, and who had complete range of the fields over which we were obliged to pass. As soon as the brigade had reached the foot of the hill where the country was timbered, it was deployed and formed in line of battle. In the meantime, the enemy kept up a constant fire on us. Soon after this deployment I was ordered by Colonel W. R. Creighton, commanding brigade, to move by the left flank out of the ravine in which we were, and take position behind a ledge of rocks on the hill on our immediate left. This was accomplished. The rocks having been gained, I threw out skirmishers in my immediate front, about 100 yards in advance of the regiment, and prepared to move forward. This movement was observed by the enemy, who immediately re-enforced their force in my front, and threw out skirmishers on my left (their right) in such a manner as to partially enfilade repulsed, thus leaving a gap on my right through which the enemy advanced with the evident intention of flanking my position. These were, however, driven back after considerable resistance. The skirmishers on the left of my line were about this time falling back, and I had just commenced moving forward to their support when the order was passed to me from the right to fall back slowly. I then called in my skirmishers, and fell back to a fence near the foot of the hill and reformed to await further orders. After having been in this position about twenty minutes, I sent forward Lieutenant Alexander A. Black, with a company of skirmishers, who advanced about half way up to the rocks, when I halted them, orders having been received to join the brigade. In compliance with this order I marched the regiment to Ringgold and joined the brigade which had reformed in that place.

In conclusion I would beg leave to tender my thanks to Major Craig, who, though ill, would not leave the field, and who by his gallant conduct did much to encourage and sustain the officers and men in their trials.

To Adjt. S. F. McKee, and to the line officers of the regiment, for their valuable assistance, and to the enlisted men for their good conduct under fire, I beg leave to tender my sincere and heartfelt thanks.

Accompanying this please find a report of the casualties of the regiment.*

I am, sir, very respectfully,

ARIO PARDEE, Jr.,

Lieutenant-Colonel 147th Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Comdg.

Lieutenant A. H. W. CREIGH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 83.

---------------

