
No. 120.

Report of Colonel George A. Cobham, jr., One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd BRIG., 2nd DIV., TWELFTH ARMY CORPS,Wauhatchie, Tennessee, December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the military operations commencing with the assault upon Lookout Mountain, on the 24th ultimo, and ending at Ringgold, Ga., on the 29th ultimo:

In pursuance of orders from division headquarters, received at 4.30 a.m. of the 24th, the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, then picketing the ground lately occupied by the First Brigade,and the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers broke camp at daylight and marched by the wood road to Wauhatchie Station, on the Nashville and Chattanooga Railroad, the One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers remaining to guard the camps and picket the brigade front. The troops of the division, together with Whitaker's brigade, of the Fourth Army Corps, were, in pursuance of instructions from General Geary, commanding the entire force, massed and screened from view on the slope of a knoll a short distance from Lookout Creek, and the several brigade pioneer corps, protected by two companies of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Captain Millison, having constructed a bridge, the troops pushed across the stream, my brigade having the advance. They were then formed in two lines, extending from the mountain to the creek, the first line consisting of the First Brigade en echelon on the left, the Third Brigade in the center, and my own on the right, and the second, of General Whitaker's brigade, about 300 yards in rear of the first, and with its right opposite the center of my brigade.

Having thrown out a thick line of skirmishers to cover my front and right flank, under the command of Captain Millison, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Captain Todd, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and connecting on the left with the skirmishers of the Third Brigade, I moved forward in an oblique direction, gaining ground constantly toward the crest of the mountain, so as to prevent the enemy from attacking on the flank. After marching about 1 1/2 miles without opposition, we came upon their pickets strongly posted behind rocks forming an admirable natural defense. Sharp firing at once began, and continued steadily while they were driven in upon their main body, formed in line of battle near their camp (about 1 mile distant) behind rocks and stone breastworks, facing the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers. The latter regiment at once charged on front, the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers on their left flank, and drove them from this position, capturing a large number of prisoners, guns, accouterments, camp equipage, &amp;c. The line then moved steadily forward over ground of the most difficult character, and one adapted for a strong defense. The men clambered over rocks and fallen and slashed timber and precipitous ravines, which made their progress a most exhausting and toilsome one, and this in the face of a constant fire kept up by the enemy in front, and by their sharpshooters on the crest of the mountain. Fortunately, the firing was uniformly high, and it is to this and the rapid and continuous charges made by my men, that we escaped with such small loss. During the

