
advance, the greater portion of my skirmishers,who had,owing to the nature of the ground, worked insensibly to the left, finding themselves in front of the Third Brigade, when the charge was ordered which resulted in the capture of the two brass pieces, fought with them and assisted in the result. Indeed, the slope was so abrupt that it was often necessary to oblique to the right for a considerable distance, but in spite of all obstacles, the line never wavered, but moved forward with admirable steadiness and precision. At one time, my right being threatened, I ordered Colonel Rickards, commanding Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, to change front to the rear on the tenth company. It is but right to say that this movement, as well as that by which their original position was resumed, was executed as coolly as if the regiment had been on drill, and resulted in the capture of the entire force opposed to us, numbering about 200 men.

I would here state that the nature of the movement executed by the division was such as successively to outflank and render untenable long lines of rifle-pits and breastworks, evidently constructed with great care, and of such a character as almost to defy an attack in front. The uniformity of the entire line was most admirably preserved throughout the line of the Third Brigade, connecting closely on our left, and our right so resting upon the cliff that it formed a perfect protection, and prevented any troops from working around our flank. At length, at 12 m., after working their way over about 4 miles of ground, such as I have already described, and when the men were so completely worn out that they fell at almost every step, my brigade gained a narrow path on the eastern slope of the mountain, about 400 yards beyond the point, and running at the base of a wall of rock that rose perpendicularly about 75 feet to the summit, and was at once formed on it, facing toward the creek, and in a position to deliver a telling fire upon the flank of the enemy, who were fighting on the level ground below. Unfortunately, a heavy fog, which prevailed throughout the rest of the day, prevented us from thus assisting the force engaged. I at once communicated my position to the general commanding, and received his instruction to hold it at all hazards, and after sending out skirmishers in our front, under Captain Johnson, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, throwing up a breastwork of stone on our right, and picketing the ground on our left and rear, we remained with our flags flying on the highest point gained on the mountain until 9 p.m., when we were relieved by two regiments of Colonel Grose's brigade, of the Fourth Army Corps. I would state that a detachment from my command, under Captain Charles Woeltge, of my staff, searched for nearly an hour for a path up the cliff that formed the only obstacle between us and the summit, but the fog was so thick that their efforts met with no success.

The number of persons captured by my brigade was so large that a sufficient guard could not be furnished without seriously weakening my force, and I am indebted to the kindness of General Whitaker, commanding the second line, for the safe conveyance of a portion of them to headquarters. Sergeant Moore, of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, dispatched by my order, delivered to the provost-marshal and obtained his receipt for over 200 prisoners.

My loss in the fight was, I am happy to report, but small, amounting to 2 commissioned officers wounded (Captain Jesse R. Millison, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, severely, and Captain William

