
A. Thomas, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, slightly), and 4 enlisted men killed, 12 wounded, and 1 missing.

Upon being relieved, my brigade descended the mountain, and bivouacked for the night at its foot. At daybreak the next morning (the 25th), in pursuance of instructions received from the general commanding division, it took position on the western slope and faced to the rear, in readiness for an expected attack, with skirmishers thrown out in advance, with the left resting close against the wall of rock, and with our flags flying at the nearest accessible point to the summit. Some time after taking this position, the division flag was seen waving from the crest, and was greeted with loud cheers.

The brigade so remained until 10 a.m.,when it took up the line of march for Mission Ridge. On reaching the ridge, returned to the left along its base, and, after loading and forming line of battle, the division was formed in column of brigades and ordered to charge to the summit, Knap's battery having first rapidly advanced and fired upon the enemy, who were being driven along the crest. My own brigade occupied the center, and traversed ground strewn with the guns and accouterments of the fugitive rebels. The position occupied by the division was such as to close their only avenue of retreat, and a large number of prisoners and some pieces of artillery were captured by the united action of our forces.

Having camped at the foot of the ridge for the night, the brigade marched at 11 a.m. of the 26th ultimo, in a southeasterly direction on the road to Ringgold, crossing West Chickamauga Creek, the infantry on a foot-bridge and horses swimming. After marching about 4 miles farther, and while waiting for the completion of a bridge over Pea Vine Creek, firing was heard in our front, and the troops were formed in line of battle on either side of the road. The fighting resulted in the capture of four pieces of artillery, the horses, and the entire command. After marching a short distance farther, firing being again heard in advance, the troops were drawn up in line of battle in an open field between two pieces of wood; but the enemy's pickets having been driven from the ridge in our front, we bivouacked for the night in the field already referred to, and took up our line of march at 7 a.m. of the 27th, for Ringgold, arriving there at 10 a.m. Severe skirmishing was going on when the division reached the town,having moved by the flank over the mountain, following the windings of the East Chickamauga. Crossing the creek at the toll-bridge, my brigade, under orders from the general commanding division, moved on at the double-quick, and having halted at the stone depot, I was directed by the general commanding to move my men rapidly across the railroad and put them in position on a little rise of ground facing Taylor's Ridge, where the enemy were posted in strong force, and from which they were keeping up a hot fire. They had also two pieces of artillery posted in the gap, with which they shelled our troops as they advanced. I immediately took the position assigned me, and sending out a few sharpshooters to check those of the enemy, I ordered my men to lie down and not to return the fire. The rise of ground was only sufficient to cover the right of my line, so that the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers were forced to remain in an open field, entirely unprotected. The enemy holding his ground and repelling the assault of a portion of Osterhaus' division, the Third Brigade was ordered to take position on my right,and the First Brigade gallantly stormed the mountain on the left. After severe

