
fighting and heavy loss, they gained the summit. Knap's battery arrived toward the close of the action, and shelled the mountain and gap with excellent effect. The enemy retreated at 1 p.m., leaving a number of their wounded and some few prisoners in our hands. My own loss in the action was but 2 officers slightly wounded, Captain George E. Johnston, Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Lieutenant Plympton A. Mead, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, and 1 man severely.

The One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers were ordered at 3 p.m. to march into the gap, and hold it until relieved. The regiment, with the exception of 60 men detailed to load the wounded and push the cars containing them along the railroad, remained on duty there until about 3 p.m. of the 29th.

On the morning of the 28th ultimo, the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers were ordered to report to Major Reynolds, chief of artillery of the division, and marched about 6 miles to the rear, gathering arms, caissons, &amp;c. They returned to Ringgold at 4 p.m.

At 2 p.m. of the 30th ultimo, my brigade relieved the First Brigade, Colonel Ahl, on picket duty in the gap, and remained there until 1.30 a.m. of the 1st instant, when they were quietly withdrawn and marched to the town, there joining the rest of the division. On taking position in the gap, under instructions from the general commanding division, large fires were kindled with a view of deceiving the enemy as to our strength, and were fed so as to burn till morning. The mill outside of our line was also burned by a squad that I sent back from the town. The brigade took up its line of march for its old camp at 2.30 a.m. of the 1st instant, and arrived there at 2 p.m.

I cannot pay too high a tribute to the gallantry and soldierly conduct of my command during the operations of the entire eight days. Though short of food, and without blankets or overcoats, and a majority of them with but the pretense of shoes upon their feet, they never murmured, but did their duty faithfully and well, and added to the renown already acquired on so many well-fought fields. The difficulty of the task in which they aided and the importance of the results attained are too well understood to need any comment from me.

I must express my thanks to Colonel William Rickards, jr., commanding Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and to Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Walker, commanding One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, for the cordial and zealous support rendered to me under all circumstances, and also to Captain Frederick L. Gimber, One hundred and ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, commanding the camp in my absence, for the manner in which he discharged his duties.

I am also indebted to the gentlemen of my staff, Captain Charles Woeltge, Captain Lewis W. Ralston, and Captain John R. Green, for the manner in which they performed their duties.

I must express my obligations to Surg. James L. Dunn, surgeon-in-chief of the brigade, for the skill and fidelity with which, on this as on all other occasions, he discharged the onerous duties of his profession.

My entire loss in the several engagements is as follows:

Lookout Mountain, November 24, 1863.-Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 3 enlisted men killed, 1 commissioned officer and

