
6 enlisted men wounded. One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, 1 enlisted man killed, 1 commissioned officer and 6 enlisted men wounded, and 1 enlisted man missing. Aggregate, 19.

Ringgold, November 27, 1863.-Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, 1 commissioned officer and 1 enlisted man wounded. One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, 1 commissioned officer wounded. Aggregate, 3.

Total aggregate, 22.

In conclusion, I would add my own to the many other testimonials of the brave and gallant conduct of our noble division commander, General Geary, to whose zealous and unremitting exertions during this short and brilliant campaign much of our success is due.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. A. COBHAM, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 121.

Report of Colonel William Rickards, jr., Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-NINTH PENNSYLVANIA INFANTRY,Wauhatchie, Tennessee, December 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my regiment in the movement against Lookout Mountain and subsequent:

On the morning of November 22, I received orders to move my command to the line of breastworks held by the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Fifth Ohio Volunteers. We bivouacked here until the morning of the 24th, when I received orders to cal in my pickets, carry one day's rations, and, without knapsacks, join the command at division headquarters.

I reported at 5 a.m., and, with the division, was moved to a field between Wauhatchie Junction and Lookout Creek. It was here explained to the commanding officers that the intention was to assault Lookout Mountain. The order of attack was formed as follows: The Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers to take the advance and extreme right, next on our left the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, composing the Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel George A. Cobham, jr. The Third Brigade followed the second, the First Brigade on the extreme left.

The prisoners and a detail from this regiment built a bridge over Lookout Creek at the dam near Wauhatchie Junction.

General Geary called the brigade and regimental commander together, and explained to them his views in a clear and concise manner.

The movement commenced at 7.30 a.m. I sent forward Company C, Captain J. R. Millison, and Company E, Captain F. I. Sorber, as skirmishers, who advanced across the creek, driving in the enemy's pickets. I then advanced with my regiment until I reached the crest of rocks at the top of the mountain. The command was then halted

