
and fronted, and the line of battle dressed in the order before mentioned.

General Whitaker's brigade, of the Fourth Corps, formed a second line at the distance of 300 to 400 yards in the rear of the center of our line. The command "forward" was given by General Geary, when the line advanced to the front, our skirmishers driving in the enemy's skirmishers.

The side of the mountain is very steep, the angle being little less than 45, and cut into ravines from 50 to 100 feet deep, whose sides in many places are almost perpendicular. In spite of these obstacles, the line advanced with a steadiness and rapidity surprising even to ourselves.

The enemy's skirmishers were now becoming somewhat trouble-some, being concealed behind the immense rocks which covered the side of the mountain.

Captain Millison, commanding the right of my line of skirmishers, was severely wounded in the arm and right side, and had to be carried to the rear; 2 men were also killed and several wounded. The order was now given to charge, when the first line advanced at double-quick, dislodging the enemy from his position; killing and wounding several and capturing many. This appears to have been a line of the enemy's pickets as seen by the fires on the mountain from our own camp. Our skirmishers now advanced meeting considerable opposition, but driving those of the enemy until we came to another heavy line or reserve, when the order was again given to charge, and again was seen the splendid spectacle of a line extending from the crest to the foot of the mountain advancing at double-quick, and driving from their strongholds the enemy which opposed them. This time many prisoners were taken without loss on our side. The enemy began to annoy us by firing from the crest of rocks and through the gorges on our right flank. Colonel Cobham directed me if any heavy demonstration was made to change front and repel the attack.

The moment was now at hand; the enemy I now observed pouring a large body of men down through a pass from the crest above on our flank. I immediately gave the command to "change front to rear on left company." This movement was executed with remarkable steadiness and accuracy. This movement appeared to be misunderstood by the men of General Whitaker's command, who, being 300 or 400 yards distant, could not see the cause of the movement. They gave us cheers to encourage us. The result showed the utility of my movement, for the enemy, who expected to attack us in the flank and rear, met our full front well prepared to meet them. They gave us a scattering volley without serious effect, which we returned with interest, when they nearly to a man threw down their arms and took off their hats and held up their hands in token of surrender. I now ordered my men to cease firing to allow the prisoners to come in, which they did to the number of about 200 in one body. I directed Sergt. W. H. Moore and 4 men to take them to the rear, which he did and delivered them to Lieutenant Jessup, Fifth Ohio Volunteers, and got a receipt.

I now changed front forward the left wing of my regiment, moving the right wing by the left flank parallel to the crest. The enemy who had been concealed in the gorges and behind the large rocks appeared to be utterly amazed at the rapidity of our movements, and with consternation in their looks threw down their arms, by squads

