
NOVEMBER 24, 1863, 12.40 p.m.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

Resist but bring on no attack until otherwise directed unless troops to right or left of you become engaged. In that case push your line forward or to the right or left, as circumstances may require. The open space between you and Sherman cannot be closed until Sherman advances to shorten it. General Thomas is not here, but I will communicate this order to him as soon as he can be found.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

NOVEMBER 24, 1863-12.40 p.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS:

General Howard reports enemy moving on Schurz' front. Hold reserves of Granger, or a portion of his force, if there are no reserves to spare, to be in readiness to move to Howard's assistance, if he is attacked.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 24, 1863-1 p.m

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Chattanooga:

Sherman's bridge was completed at 12 m., at which time all his force was over, except one division. That division was to cross immediately when his attack would commence. Your forces should attack at the same time, and either detain a force equal to their own or move to the left to the support of Sherman, if he should require it.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

CHATTANOOGA, November 24, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Near Chattanooga:

You will attack the enemy at the point most advantageous from your position at early dawn to-morrow morning (25th instant). General Thomas has been instructed to commence the attack early to-morrow morning. He will carry the enemy's rifle-pits in his immediate front, or move to the left to your support, as circumstances may determine best.

General Hooker carried the point and eastern slope of Lookout Mountain to-day, and now holds the line from the white house to the point where the railroad passes beneath the mountain down to the river at the Chattanooga side. He reports that his men are unflinching and cannot be driven from their position, which they are strengthening every moment; that the enemy still holds the top of Lookout Mountain, and he cannot prevent it until he can get around

