
of from 5 to 50. Finding it would take too many men from our own force to take charge of them, we sent them back to the second line, which still continued within sight in our rear. The movements of General Whitaker's line were very steady, maintaining a distance of from 300 to 400 yards from ours. I have no means of knowing the number of prisoners sent to the rear, but for my own regiment, I am confident it exceeded my own force, and believe the number taken by the Second Brigade, under command of Colonel Cobham, exceeded the number of men in the brigade. The rock at the top of the mountain now assumed the appearance of a wall, and finding there was no likelihood of attack on the right flank, I changed front forward the right wing of my regiment,which had been moving by the left flank, thus sweeping the right flank close tot he wall of rocks.

It was impossible for a man to be overlooked, and smart, indeed, must the one be who could escape by flight; every man of the enemy who was in front of the Second Brigade was either killed or taken prisoner. The Third Brigade now became engaged with the enemy in their breastwork, and had some sharp work, but the onward progress of the White Stars was not to be stopped by any such obstacles. With our three hearty national cheers, and a charge that was irresistible, they dashed over the work, completely routing the rebel force within.

This could all be seen from our position at the top of the hill, but it must not be supposed we were idle lookers-on. In front of our brigade the trees had been cut down for several hundred yards, forming obstructions which, in front of our own works, we had thought impassable, but with a will and determination to succeed in our object we hardly noticed them; some crawled under, while others climbed over the bodies of the trees. Prisoners were taken in numbers and ordered to the rear. A pleasant rivalry was got up between the color bearers of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers and the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers and the should get the colors to the point of the mountain first. Owing to the angle of the point, the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers were the first to reach the extreme point of the mountain and on the highest point accessible to man, except by some route then unknown to us. Our skirmishers pushed on, and, with those of the One hundred and Third Brigade, captured two brass pieces of artillery the enemy had posted east of the point. The enemy in the works on the west of the point were now completely outflanked, and, perceiving their case hopeless, threw down their arms and surrendered to the Third Brigade. Colonel Cobham now directed me to move on around the mountain. I found the side too steep to move in line, and had to march by the flank, in single file, on a small ledge for some distance, and in no place could more than 2 men move abreast. I met a small body of the enemy's skirmishers, whom we drove back, capturing 4 of them. After advancing in this manner about 500 yards, I found myself on the flank of a large body of the enemy, who were in line of battle below me on the slope of the mountain. I immediately made my disposition to fire on their flank, while our own troops were advancing below me, attacked them in front, but a dense fog just then arose obscuring objects but a few paces from us, making it possible for me to know if I was firing

