
on friend or foe. I employed the time in making footholds in the side of the mountain to enable three companies to form in line, and building a breastwork of stones in front of my position.

We were much annoyed by sharpshooters from the top of the mountain who (as the fog would blow off for a few minutes) fired at us, wounding 1 man severely in the leg and another in the face. The position was a most trying one, we remained in it until 9 p.m., when we were relieved by the Thirty-six Ohio [Indiana?] Volunteers, and moved to the slope of the mountain, where we ate the first meal of the day.

I cannot say too much in praise of the officers and men of my command, for their energy and perseverance in assisting me to carry out the views of my commanding officers. To Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Zulich, who arose from a sick bed to join the expedition, and by his courage and energy added fresh spirit to all, my thanks are due. Ever at the front, his courage was worthy the emulation of all.

Captains Millison and Sorber, commanding the skirmishers, deserve especial notice for the able manner in which they performed this most arduous of all the soldier's duties. Captain Rickards, Company K; Captain Johnson, Company B, and Lieutenant Coursault, with their companies, who built the breastworks in our last position, are entitled to much credit for their efforts.

Asst. Surg. J. S. Bender and Private William D. Cassidy, who followed closely with the hospital knapsack, prepared to attend to such cases as required immediate aid, deserve the thanks of the whole command.

To Colonel George A. Cobham, jr., commanding Second Brigade, I return my sincere thanks for his kind attention, and add my testimony to the many others of his gallant conduct on the field, and his worth as an officer, devoted to his command and the good of the country.

As it is, to a unity of purpose and a systematic effort in carrying this purpose out we are indebted for our glorious victory.

I consider the thanks of the division, of the whole country, due to our gallant commander, General John W. Geary, for the friendly communication of his view and feelings to the brigade and regimental commanders, so conducive to a perfect harmony of action, making all move in conformity to his own will. These views, transmitted to the separate commands, imbued all with the same spirit, and went far to maintain the command in that steadiness of movement which was the admiration of all who beheld it.

For my regiment I claim the honor of the advance and extreme right of the movement; the planting the first flag on the point of the mountain at the highest part accessible, except by some road then unknown to us; the farthest advance around the mountain. The gaining this point by the Second Division, Twelfth Corps, was really the capture of Lookout Mountain; but had not the dense fog arose, I believe we could have advanced along the top, outflanking the enemy, while our troops advanced below until we gained the road and thus cut off their retreat and captured the artillery and men they had on the summit.

Our losses are light, 1 sergeant and 2 privates killed; Captain J. R. Millison and 5 privates wounded.

My excuse for this lengthy report must be the importance of the subject.

Never, I believe, in the history of the world, has a movement of such magnitude been made, such difficulties overcome, such indomitable

