
energy shown to overcome and surmount all obstacles as in the charge and capture of Lookout Mountain. A march in line of battle along the side of a mountain where the angle is little less than 45, crossing ravines whose sides seemed almost impassable-and this for a distance of 3 miles-performing field movements to repel attacks, and all done, as described by those who were spectators, with a steadiness seldom attained on level ground, is an achievement for which we may be excused for lauding our general who directed and our White Star Division which executed it. On the morning of the 25th, 1863, after moving with the brigade, near the top of the mountain, to guard against attack in the rear, we were ordered at 9 a.m. to move with the division, and marched to Mission Ridge, where the enemy were in force contesting the advance of General Sherman's troops. The regiment was formed into double column on the left of the First Brigade, and marched for 2 miles at the foot of the ridge. Having arrived near where the enemy were posted, I deployed column and moved in line obliquely to the right up the ridge. By order of General Geary I detailed Company C, under Lieutenant I. A. D. Blake, to take charge of the prisoners. Having arrived near the enemy in their rear, they found their case hopeless and threw down their arms, nearly all of the prisoners going into General Osterhaus' command. We were ordered to rest for the night in a rebel camp. Company C brought in about 100 prisoners.

On the morning of the 26th, we marched at 9 a.m., passed through the gap in Mission Ridge, crossed the Chickamauga at 4 p.m., the officers and men crossing on a temporary bridge, the horses having to swim over. Shortly after dark our advance came in contact with the rear of the enemy, and had some sharp firing. The command was drawn up in order of battle; the enemy having been driven off we moved on. At about 9 o'clock our advance again became engaged, which resulted in the capture of four pieces of artillery and several prisoners from the enemy. My regiment was drawn up in line across the road, the One hundred and eleventh on our right. The troops of General Osterhaus' division having gained possession of the ridge in our front, we were ordered to halt for the night.

On the morning of the 27th, the march was resumed; at daylight, arriving near the town of Ringgold, heavy skirmishing was heard in our front. We pushed on, passing to the right along the bank of the East Chickamauga Creek, crossing it on the toll bridge at the town. The enemy were posted in the gap and on Taylor's Ridge. The First Brigade, of General Geary's command, were ordered to the left to support a position of General Osterhaus' command, who attempted to take possession of the hill. The Second Brigade moved to the stone depot, and were ordered by General Hooker to take position in a small piece of scrubby wood land and bushes on the right of the depot and beyond the railroad, directing us to lie down and not fire a shot until the enemy came within short range of us.

In getting to this position we had to pass through a heavy fire from the enemy posted on the hill. Captain George E. Johnson was wounded in the hip,and Private Robinson, Company C, had his knee shattered. The Twenty-ninth Iowa was on my right. The enemy made a charge on them, driving them back, leaving my regiment's flank exposed. Our position was now critical, and but for the arrival of our Third Brigade might have been serious. Our artillery, which had been detained until a bridge could be built over the Chickamauga, now came up, and soon succeeded in driving the

