
enemy from the gap and ridge, leaving us in possession of the field. Moving to the left of the railroad, we halted and bivouacked. The One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers was ordered on picket in the gap.

On the 28th, I was ordered to report with my regiment to Major Reynolds, chief of artillery, to accompany Knap's battery and train, and gather up the caissons and arms of the enemy left on the road. After gathering up all on the road for 6 miles, orders came to unload them again and return to Ringgold, where we arrived at 5 p.m.

On the morning of the 29th, Company E was detailed to take to pieces two steam engines, for the purpose of hauling them to Chattanooga.

30th, the Second Brigade was ordered on picket beyond the gap; received orders to call in my regiment and march at 2.30 a.m., leaving our fires (which had been built to deceive the enemy as to our strength) burning. We marched through the town, and with the division reached Chickamauga Creek at sunrise on the 1st day of December, and our old camp at 3.30 p.m., having been absent from it eleven days, my men without blankets, many almost barefoot. The weather had been very cold, making ice 1 inch thick in a night.

The conduct of men and officers during the severe labors of the campaign has been all that could be desired, each one doing all in his power to assist in gaining the glorious results which have crowned our efforts.

The color bearers of my regiment, Sergt. William Betzold, Company H, and Corpl. Charles H. Martin, Company F, who so nobly led the advance on Lookout Mountain, are deserving of special notice.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. RICKARDS, Jr.,

Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain JOHN R. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 122.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Walker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry.
HDQRS. 111TH REGIMENT PENNSYLVANIA VOLUNTEERS,Wauhatchie, Tennessee, December 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report concerning the part taken by the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers in the successive engagements of Lookout Mountain, Missionary Ridge, and Ringgold, respectively, on the 24th, 25th, and 27th ultimo:

That I was aroused at about 5 a.m. of the 24th by an order to report forthwith with my regiment without knapsacks and with one day's rations at headquarters. We were soon under way, and arriving at the headquarters of the division, were conducted to the ford over Lookout Creek, some 3 miles above the north point of the mountain.

On the road we were joined by the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the Third Brigade, and General Whitaker's brigade, of

28 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

