
the Fourth Corps. Together with these troops we were massed and screened from the sight of the mountain, behind one of the series of knobs that lie adjacent to the creek, until the pioneers and some details succeeded in constructing a foot-bridge over the stream. This was soon done without resistance from the enemy, and at 9 a.m. my regiment was crossing the creek following the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers that preceded us, and followed by the Third Brigade of our division, the Sixtieth New York joining us. We continued marching by the flank until we had gained about two-thirds of the slope of the mountain, halted, fronted, dressed and threw a strong skirmish line to cover the front, and awaited the order of the general commanding to move forward. Our skirmishers soon became engaged with the opposing ones and pressed them back, not being detained a moment. We continued to move in line, excepting two short halts for breathing spells, until we approached and could get a glimpse of the point of the mountain. The line now moved so that the right of the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the right, should crown the main spur just below the peak. The enemy were now pouring a sharp fire from the cover of every rock, but with cheers the line moved steadily on, capturing and sending to the rear, without escort, many prisoners.

The position of the One hundred and eleventh, in conjunction with the Twenty-ninth in the line, was such that our advance continually turned the intrenchments of the enemy, while the regiments on our left charged to their very teeth. As we crowned the north ridge, immediately under the point of the mountain, we saw the enemy lying in their intrenchments below us, and the troops of the Third Brigade rushing forward with the bayonet. We fired but few shots here, as our superior position and the steel of our troops was too much for the enemy, and they either surrendered or fled. At 12 noon, in conjunction with the Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, we were in line from the point of the mountain, down the main spur; from this position we faced to the right and filed left, close around the cliffs, going to the east side. We here fronted, occupying the highest available part of the slope, and remained until relieved at about 10 p.m. by fresh troops. We bivouacked (after supplying ourselves with 100 rounds of cartridges to the man) in the old camp of the enemy.

Early on the morning of the 25th, we were moved out by the left, the Twenty-ninth following, and posted on the west slope of the mountain, the left resting against the cliffs to guard against any approach along this side of the mountain. We left this position about 12 m. Marched down the east slope of the mountain and across the valley to Missionary Ridge, and, turning to the left, kept down the ridge for some distance, moving in column doubled on the center, until ordered up the slope. Before reaching the summit the enemy had fled or been captured.

We now bivouacked at the foot of the hill, and about 10.15 a.m. of the 26th, started on the road to Ringgold. We marched this day without provision, and at night reached Pigeon Ridge, where we bivouacked.

We were under arms at daylight and started again hungry on our way (the supply trains not having come up), and reached the town of Ringgold about 11 a.m., and were ordered into line in the old corn-

