
field on the right front of the depot, where we laid, submitting without return shots to the fire of the enemy's sharpshooters concealed in the forest that lined the slope of Taylor's Ridge, on which they were posted. We remained here until the heights were carried on the left, when my regiment was moved forward to hold the gap.

On the morning of the 28th, I reported to the commanding officer of the Third Brigade, who was sent with additional troops to occupy the ridge and gaps. The sturdy valor and uncomplaining endurance of my men suffering from hunger and severe cold, is only another exhibition of the pluck of the American volunteer. I append a list of casualties.*

Most respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOS. M. WALKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 111th Pennsylvania Volunteers.

Captain JOHN P. GREEN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 123.

Report of Colonel David Ireland, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., SECOND DIV., 12TH ARMY CORPS,Wauhatchie, Tennessee, December 5, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following as the report of the part taken by this brigade during the operations from November 24 to November 29, 1863, inclusive:

In accordance with verbal orders received from the general commanding division, I marched the following regiments of my command, viz, Sixtieth New York Volunteers, Colonel Abel Godard; One hundred and second New York Volunteers, Colonel James C. Lane; One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, Captain Milo B. Eldredge; One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Randall commanding, from their camps on Raccoon Mountain at 6.15 a.m., November 24, 1863. The Seventy-eighth New York Volunteers, Colonel H. Hammerstein, and 130 officers and men belonging to the other regiments, were left in camp and on picket. The troops were in light marching order, with one day's rations. At 8 a.m. we arrived at a ford on Lookout Creek near a mill. We closed in column of regiments en masse,and while awaiting the construction of a foot-bridge across Lookout Creek, we received orders from General Geary to follow the Second Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, and on their (the Second Brigade) arriving under the crest of the mountain, to face to the front and sweep the mountain clear of the enemy. In accordance with these orders, we commenced ascending Lookout in the following order: The Sixtieth New York Volunteers on the right, followed by the One hundred and second New York Volunteers, the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, and the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers.

Our right joined the left of the Second Brigade. Immediately after crossing, and before we had formed to the front, I received orders

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.83.

---------------

