
At 3 p.m. we were relieved by the troops of the First Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Corps, Colonel Creighton commanding, and retired to the cleared space at the end of the mountain. I then had the troops form in two lines and rest. By this time both officers and men were completely exhausted. We had been engaged with the enemy since 10 a.m., had marched over great natural obstructions for over 4 1/2 miles, fighting the enemy at every step; had driven them from every position; taken prisoners all the forces that were on the mountain, among them a large number of field officers; captured what the rebels termed the Gibraltar of America, and held it until relieved.

Nothing but the greatest bravery in officers and men ever could accomplish such magnificent results, but troops led by such officers as Colonel Godard, Sixtieth New York Volunteers; Colonel H. A. Barnum, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, who, although suffering from a severe wound received on the Peninsula, was again wounded while leading on his men; Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Randall, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, and Captain Milo B. Eldredge, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, were deserving of success.

The conduct of Color Bearer Jesse A. Brink, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, who was seriously wounded while running to the front with the colors, was truly brave; it is worthy of special mention.

The loss of the brigade in the assault is as follows: Commissioned officers killed,2; enlisted men killed, 16; commissioned officers wounded, 12; enlisted men wounded, 88. Total loss, 118.

Major Gilbert M. Elliott, One hundred and second New York Volunteers, fell mortally wounded while in the discharge of his duty. He was a brave and talented officer, and his loss is much lamented.

November 25, we were occupied in the forenoon burying our dead, who had fallen the day previous. At 11.40 a.m. left Lookout Mountain and marched toward Missionary Ridge. After crossing Chattanooga Creek I was ordered to remain there until the artillery had crossed, and then guard it. In accordance with these orders I moved from the creek to Rossville Gap in the rear of the artillery. At the gap the command turned to the left along the base of the ridge. After marching about a mile from the gap I received orders to move the brigade forward in column of regiments to the support of the troops on the ridge. After moving about 2 miles in this manner, always within sound of the musketry of our advance, but without being engaged, we bivouacked for the night in an old rebel camp at the base of Missionary Ridge.

November 26, left camp at Missionary Ridge at 10.50 a.m., and marched in the rear of some batteries. On arriving at Rossville Gap I found that the division of the Fiftieth Army Corps,commanded by General Osterhaus, had marched in between the head of this brigade and the rear of the Second Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps. I had to remain there until the division had passed, when I followed in its rear; and during the afternoon I passed it and joined the Second Brigade of this division. We marched to Pea Vine Creek, and at 10 p.m. bivouacked for the night.

November 27, left camp near Pea Vine Creek at 7 a.m. and marched to Ringgold, arriving there about 10 a.m. Upon crossing a covered bridge over the Catoosa Creek, we came under fire from musketry and artillery, and while marching through the streets several of our

