
men were wounded. When the right of the brigade arrived at the depot I was ordered to form my command in column of regiments closed en masse behind the depot, so as to be sheltered from the enemy's fire, which at this time was very severe.

The One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers could not form behind the depot, so they were placed behind the railroad embankments, and there were sheltered from the enemy's fire. We lay here until 10.40 a.m., when I received orders to move the brigade up Taylor's Gap, and there relieve some regiments of General Osterhaus' division,which were being pressed very hard by the enemy. While I was receiving the orders,the regiments we were ordered to relieve were coming back in confusion and running. I immediately ordered the brigade forward on the double-quick to their support. To arrive at the position we had to pass over an open space about half a mile in extent and under a murderous fire of musketry and artillery from the enemy, but nothing could exceed the manner in which the troops swept over that field. They were in the most perfect order, ranks well closed, and men ardent and confident, notwithstanding they met large numbers of our troops running to the rear in disorder.

After crossing the field, we filed to the left and marched along the bank of Catoosa Creek until the right rested in an old barn up in the gap. At this time the brigade was formed as follows: The One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Randall, on the right; the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, Colonel Abel Godard; the One hundred and second New York Volunteers, Colonel J. C. Lane, and the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, Captain Milo B. Eldredge, on the left. On the brigade arriving in position on the bank of the creek, Lieutenant-Colonel Randall threw five companies of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers behind the barn and in it, the balance of the regiment being placed along the creek. Here our men were subject to a galling fire from sharpshooters, secreted on Taylor's Ridge; also from a piece of artillery the enemy had in the gap. Colonel Randall selected a few good sharpshooters, and instructed them to shelter themselves and watch the artillerymen and the sharpshooters of the enemy, and on no account to waste their ammunition or expose themselves. They obeyed him well, for in a few moments they killed or wounded every man near the gun, there being only four shots fired from it after his men were in the barn. He strengthened his position by constructing a breastwork of an old wagon body, and had it filled with rails, thus sheltering his men. Previous to his getting in position, the enemy fired four charges of grape at the barn, and although the splinters flew in every direction, happily no one was injured. The conduct of Lieutenant Colonel C. B. Randall while on the right during the battle was splendid, he, by his example, fearlessly exposing himself during the hottest of the engagement; and the skill with which he maneuvered his troops is worthy of all praise. He did nobly. The other regiments of the brigade were but little engaged, although they were under a heavy fire, they having received repeated orders from me not to waste their ammunition or expose themselves, but to be sheltered in the best manner possible. We were under fire from 10.40 a.m. until 12 m., when our artillery opened on the enemy. Our men were so elated when our artillery opened that they wanted to rise up and cheer and charge. Our shells soon drove

