
the enemy for the ridge and the gap, and at 12.30 p.m. musketry firing on our front ceased entirely. Some men of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers immediately rushed out and picked up two rebel colors, one a Confederate States of America national color (Stars and Bars), the other a battery guidon.

Soon after firing ceased, I received orders to send out a small party of skirmishers to follow up the enemy. In compliance with this order I detailed Captain Stegman, with 30 men from the One hundred and second New York Volunteers and 10 from the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, and sent them up the gap. They followed close on the enemy, and, on arriving at the railroad bridge over the Catoosa Creek, found it in flames. Captain Stegman ordered his party to extinguish the flames, and while the men were doing so, they were fired on by a small body of the enemy form the opposite side of the creek. They replied promptly, and from the report of a contraband that came into our lines shortly afterward, killed and wounded some officers of high rank. I marched the balance of the brigade back from the battle-field about half a mile, and then formed them in tow lines, allowing the men to stack arms and rest.

Soon after, in compliance with orders from General Geary, I detailed Lieutenant Sage, of the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, with two companies of that regiment, to go to Chattanooga as a guard over some rebel prisoners. Captain Seymour, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, was detailed as provost-marshall for the town of Ringgold. About 5 p.m. Captain Stegman and his command were relieved by the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, when they came back and joined their regiments.

The loss of the brigade during the two hours and forty minutes it was engaged, is as follows: Officers killed, one; officers wounded, 3; enlisted men killed, 8; enlisted men wounded, 47. Total, 58.

While the brigade was marching across the field to Catoosa Creek, Captain Charles T. Greene, assistant adjutant-general of this brigade, was struck by an unexploded shell, which passed through his horse and carried away his right leg below the knee. The concussion was such that it threw him up about 5 feet, and on falling he was severely injured. His coolness in the late actions, and his undaunted bravery, combined with his prompt obedience to all orders, make his loss severely felt in this brigade. In one short month we have lost the services of both father and son, General Greene having been wounded severely while cheering his troops at the battle of Wauhatchie, October 29, 1863, and now his son, Captain C. T. Greene, is severely wounded. We are thus deprived of the services of two officers (at least for a time) that were much respected by the officers and men of this brigade. There is a deep feeling of regret expressed by all at what has thus occurred to General George S. Greene and Captain C. T. Greene.

The brigade bivouacked on the night of the 27th November on the field near Ringgold, to which they had been moved after the action.

During the forenoon of the 28th, I sent out fatigue parties to bury our dead. Soon after was ordered by the general commanding division to put the regiments into some of the deserted houses, and did so. At 4 p.m. was ordered to place the whole brigade on picket, and, in compliance with orders, I moved my command up through

