
the gap to Catoosa Creek and stationed it as follows: The One hundred and second New York Volunteers on the extreme left, about 1 mile form the railroad, and on a ridge known as Taylor's Ridge. I placed a strong picket on the extreme left, and has some timber felled across the road, completely obstructing it. The Sixtieth New York Volunteers joined the One hundred and second New York Volunteers on their right. The One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers was between the gap and the Sixtieth New York Volunteers. The One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers was on the south side of the creek and on a very high hill. In accordance with instructions, the troops built large fires and scattered themselves well over the ridge, giving the appearance of a much larger force than we had.

We were relieved at 2 p.m., November 29, by the First Brigade, Colonel Ahl commanding, and marched back to the buildings occupied previous to our going on picket.

At 2.30 a.m., December 1, 1863, we marched from Ringgold and arrived in camp on Raccoon Mountain about 4 p.m. same day.

During the actions of Lookout Mountain and Ringgold, this brigade captured two brass pieces of artillery with their limbers, five rebel flags, and a number of intrenching and carpenters' tools, and a large number of prisoners, who, as soon as they surrendered, were passed to the line of troops that followed us, no account being taken of their numbers.

I cannot express my admiration at the conduct of the officers and men of this brigade during this campaign. It has been all and more than any commanding officer could desire. All our privations, among them scarcity of food, absence of blankets and coats during these cold nights, excessive marching and fighting for days in succession, were endured evidently with cheerfulness.

I take this opportunity to express my thanks to the staff officers of this brigade, to Captain Charles T. Greene, assistant adjutant-general, who was severely wounded, for his personal bravery and his prompt obedience to all orders; to Captain Michael Nolan, acting assistant inspector-general, and Lieutenant Albert R. Greene, aide-de-camp, for the manner in which they acted during the late engagements. They were very obedient, and evinced a willingness to obey orders at all times and under all circumstances truly commendable.

There are many incidents and facts which I may have overlooked during the excitement of the action, but it all having taken place under the immediate supervision of the general commanding division, he can readily recall any fact that may not have been mentioned.

Accompanying this please find the report of the regimental commanders, also list* of the killed and wounded during the various engagements.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID IRELAND,

Colonel 137th New York Volunteers, Comdg. 3rd Brigade.

[Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division.]

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.83.

---------------

