
No. 124.

Reports of Colonel Abel Godard, Sixtieth New York Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTIETH REGIMENT, NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Raccoon Mountain, December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit to you the following statement of the part this regiment took in the engagements of the 24th ultimo on Lookout Mountain, and the 27th ultimo at Ringgold, Ga.:

At 6 a.m., November 24, I received instructions from Colonel Ireland, commanding Third Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, to join the brigade with my command at 6.45 a.m., prepared with one day's rations, without knapsacks and blankets, in light marching order. At the last-named hour I marched my command with the brigade to the foot of Lookout Mountain, where we were halted and informed by General Geary, commanding division, that Major-General Hooker had been ordered to take Lookout Mountain, and that the duty assigned his command was to sweep the side of the mountain from its main prominence to its foot near Lookout Creek, and drive the rebels from it as far as the projection toward Chattanooga. Crossing Lookout Creek, we ascended the mountain quietly under cover of a dense spruce undergrowth, and formed in line of battle at about 10 a.m., my regiment joining the Second Brigade, under Colonel Cobham, on my right, and the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers on my left, the skirmishers of the Second Brigade extending in front of my line. About the said hour, 10 a.m., we moved forward in quick time until in sight of the enemy's works, when my men became so eager to advance that we went forward on the run with fixed bayonets, leaving the skirmishers and Second Brigade far in the rear. The enemy kept up a straggling fire for but a short time, when hundreds gave themselves up and were sent to the rear. My regiment here captured an artillery flag marked "Murfreesborough, December, 1862." On, on my command swept in conjunction with the One hundred and second, One hundred and thirty-seventh, and One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, carrying the second and third line of works, leaving in our rear two brass field pieces, from which we had driven the rebels. Still forward I pressed until I found myself and command far beyond the point of the mountain which we were to attain, when I discovered myself with my regiment and the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers isolated from and in advance of the rest of the command, and gave the commands "halt," "cease firing," which were reluctantly obeyed, the enemy's sharpshooters still keeping up a continuous fire. We came to this halt about then minutes to 2 p.m., thus occupying and passing over about 3 miles of Lookout Mountain, the roughest, most rocky route for the advance of a line of battle with the constant obstruction of every kind of obstacles, including a surprised enemy, in the short space of four hours. We were relieved from this position by a portion of the First Brigade of our division and the Ninety-sixth Illinois Volunteers, and retired a short distance to the rear to remain until the following morning, when we had the proud satisfaction of seeing the glorious old flag wave from the highest peak and of knowing that we had taken from the enemy the stronghold of Lookout Mountain. Every one doing their duty was filled with enthusiasm over the result. The commander of our brigade (Colonel Ireland), and indeed all his staff officers,

