
deserve especial regard for their assuring presence in the thickest of the fight. I felt at the close the engagement like complimenting every officer and soldier in my command for their determined advance. My regiment lost 38 men killed and wounded, including 4 officers. I took into the fight 175 enlisted men and 11 officers.

On the afternoon of the 25th ultimo, my regiment with the rest of the Second Division was marched to the rebel camp near Missionary Ridge, from which the enemy had been driven during the day.

During the 26th we advanced toward Ringgold, where we arrived about noon of the 27th, and found General Osterhaus' division engaging the enemy on the ridges of the mountain near that place. After remaining near the railroad depot a short time, our brigade was ordered to relieve some western troops then on the right of our line and under this fire by Captain Nolan, aide-de-camp, over a quarter of a mile to our position, my regiment following the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, and being immediately followed by the One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Volunteers, and remained in this position until the enemy retired, leaving the mountain in our possession. All this movement after leaving the depot consumed about two hours, in which time my regiment lost 3 men killed and 15 wounded.

The officers and men displayed the greatest coolness and bravery in this engagement, and too much commendation cannot be awarded them. No enemy was seen after this engagement, and our division returned to our camps at this place fatigued and shoeless, but well satisfied with their week's achievements.

Very respectfully,

ABEL GODARD,

Colonel, Commanding.

MICHAEL NOLAN,

Captain, and A. A. G., 3rd Brig., 2nd Div., 12th Army Corps.
HDQRS. SIXTIETH REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Raccoon Mountain, Tennessee, December 10, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In conformity with instructions from General J. W. Geary, commanding Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, referring to orders from Major-General Thomas, I have the honor to report that the rebel battle-flag taken from the enemy by my regiment on the 24th ultimo was captured under the following circumstances, to wit:

On the morning of November 24, after said division, of which my regiment is a part, arrived near Lookout Creek, we were informed that the duty of our division was to cross said creek, and forming in line of battle, the right resting near the foot of the main prominence of Lookout, the left on Lookout Creek, we were to sweep that side of the mountain of the enemy as far as the point of the mountain projecting toward Chattanooga. General Geary expressed himself confident that the brave men under him could do this. The line being formed, the Second Brigade on the right, my regiment and the remainder of the Third Brigade on the left, we moved forward swiftly, but in order, over every kind of obstruction for about 2

