
miles, when our skirmishers engaged the enemy, and leaving the Second Brigade in my rear on the right, we advanced over the first line of the enemy's works with a short such as only Yankees can give, driving the enemy form their position in confusion. While falling back their color bearer, with his rebel flag, making himself too conspicuous, was followed eagerly by my men who, shooting down the traitor, seized his disgraced color, and with a yell of delight bore it proudly on. On, on swept our line until the west side of Lookout Mountain was cleared of the foe. Still onward we pressed, continually crowding the enemy until we found ourselves far past the main point of the mountain, where, finding my ammunition low, I halted my men and commanded "cease firing." Colonel Ireland was then informed of our condition, after which we were soon relieved by the First Brigade of our division.

In this engagement the regiment lost 38 men and officers killed and wounded, as will be seen from a more complete report of the part taken by the Sixtieth, already forwarded to Colonel Ireland, commanding brigade. The rebel flag herein reported, with the proper inscription of capture, was sent to brigade headquarters the first of last week, from which place it has probably been forwarded to its due destination.*

Very respectfully,

ABEL GODARD,

Colonel Sixtieth New York Volunteers Commanding.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 125.

Report of Colonel James C. Lane, One hundred and Second New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 102nd REGIMENT NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Wauhatchie, Tennessee, December 4, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that this regiment left its campaign ground on November 24, at 6.15 a.m., and proceeded with the rest of the brigade to the foot of Lookout Mountain, where we found the Second Brigade resting on their arms. We arrived there about 8 a.m., and after half an hour's rest, the whole command ascended the mountain by a small path near the white house, some mile and a half south of the dividing ridge, between the north and west sides of the mountain. On taking our position on the side of the mountain, the One hundred and second New York Volunteers was ordered to the front to cover the brigade with a line of skirmishers. This was immediately done, and I kept one-half of the regiment in reserve. The skirmishers immediately advanced, and after proceeding for nearly three-fourths of a mile, we were halted by Captain Nolan, aide-de-camp, as he said the brigade had not yet begun its advance, and ordered us to stay until we had some indication of the advance of the brigade. After waiting some fifteen minutes, we saw the regimental flags of two regiments, the color bearers being in advance of their respective regiments. I immediately

---------------

*It is deposited in the War Department.

---------------

