
started the skirmishers, and presently we had sharp skirmishing along the line, principally on the two extremes. Prisoners began to come in, and I sent them, under guard, to the rear. Lieutenant-Colonel Avery sent me word that a strong force of rebels were on our left, and I transmitted the same to the brigade and division commanders, through my sergeant-major.

On coming to the first rebel camp we met with a very spirited resistance, and I detached two companies (one from the right and one from the left) of the reserve to strengthen the skirmishers and to flank the rebels. In three minutes thereafter we had possession of the camp,and took about 50 prisoners. These were sent to the rear under guard, as were numerous others, and I supplied the gaps made in the line of skirmishers (by their taking the prisoners off) from the reserve. We then pushed on, taking another camp, and led the brigade to the backbone dividing the north and west sides of the mountain. Here I halted the reserve, by orders received from an aide to General Hooker not to pass the ridge, and gathered all the skirmishers possible, closing them on the reserve. The Third Brigade went by on the double-quick, and Captain Stegman and some 10 or 12 skirmishers with them, driving the rebels some distance past the white house, on the north side of the hill. I halted my reserve about 200 feet from the perpendicular rock at the crest. While lying here, the western troops passed a little way over the backbone, some regiments going as far as the white house. Just at this time the rebel sharpshooters opened fire on my reserve from the perpendicular rocks over our heads, and not being in a position to return it, I moved the regiment down the hill to the partly completed battery on the brigade. This regiment numbered 130 muskets on entering the fight. We took over 620 prisoners, and took them safely to the rear.

The regiment lost in this engagement Major G. M. Elliott, killed (a gallant officer), Lieutenant Colonel Robert Avery, thigh broken by a Minie ball (since amputated), First Sergt. R. Mulholland, Company H, wounded, Private David Hunter, Company A, wounded.

The officers and enlisted men, without exception, behaved well, and to make any distinction between them, praise to one would be doing injury to the rest. The regiment acted nobly,and the men were filled with enthusiasm.

The next day, November 25, we marched at about 12 noon for Missionary Ridge, this brigade as escort and guard to the artillery. This regiment, in common with the brigade, acted as support to the batteries, which, by shelling the ridge, terminated that fight.

Next day, November 26, marched toward the enemy, but they did not make a stand; camped beyond Chickamauga Swamp.

Next day, November 27, started for the enemy, and at about 11 a.m. found the enemy had possession of the range of hills beyond Ringgold. The bridge was marched through the town, and halted before the stone depot, being held in reserve. After having been here about an hour, it was reported that the western troops were falling back from the gap, on the right,and this regiment, with the brigade, was sent some three-fourths of a mile, at a double-quick, to relieve them;we marched through a heavy fire of musketry and artillery to the desired point, three charges of grape and canister going through our (the brigade's) ranks while we were passing the wet swamp land. Captain Greene, assistant adjutant-general, Third Brigade,

