
lost his leg from one of the artillery discharges. At this time the regiment was gotten into position, as quickly as possible, but the men of regiment were much mixed; those fleetest and most enduring being to the front and left,and the others in a line along the creek. Lieutenant-Colonel Randall, One hundred and forty-ninth New York, took possession of a small barn on the left, and, assisted by men of the several regiments, held the enemy at bay. The men, although thoroughly exposed to the aim of the rebels, and not allowed to return the fire, were cool, never offered to flinch or retreat, and when any were wounded they obeyed their officers and remained quiet (many not asking to be taken to the rear) until the firing ceased. The conduct of the men was more than good; it was heroic. There was much danger at this time that the brigade would be flanked, and word was sent to that effect to the rear; but although the balls came thick and fast, the men stood firm, and when Knap's battery opened on the rebels, sending the shells over our heads into the rebels, it was difficult to keep the men from rising and cheering. Very soon after our artillery opened, at this time, the rebels' firing slackened, and soon ceased entirely. At this time Captain Stegman, assisted by Lieutenant Davies, both of this regiment, with 30 men of the One hundred and second and 10 men from the Sixtieth New York Volunteers, went (by orders) through the pass, using half his men as skirmishers,and by a few volleys cleared the pass completely, and arrived in sight of the railroad bridge beyond in time to fire on and disperse the rebels, who were firing the bridge to check the pursuit. The reserve put out the fire while the skirmishers pushed on, driving the rebels form the bridge beyond, some eighth of a mile farther.

The One hundred and second lost in this battle.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. C. LANE,

Colonel One hundred and second New York Volunteers

Colonel DAVID IRELAND,

Commanding Third Brigade.

No. 126.

Report of Captain Milo B. Eldredge, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry.
HDQRS. 137TH REGIMENT NEW YORK INFANTRY,Near Lookout Valley, December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following statement of the part taken by the One hundred and thirty-seventh Regiment New York Volunteers in the series of actions commencing with the assault on Lookout Mountain, November 24, and ending, ont eh 29th instant, at Ringgold, Ga.:

Pursuant to orders from brigade headquarters, I marched my command from camp at 6.15 a.m., preceded by the One hundred and second, and followed by the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers. In this order we marched across Lookout Creek and formed in line of battle on the western slope of Lookout Mountain,

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 men killed and 6 men wounded. For total loss in campaign, see p.83.

---------------

