
at right angles with Lookout Creek, having the Sixtieth New York on my right and the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers on the left, the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers as skirmishers in my front, and in this order swept rapidly around in a northerly direction, driving the enemy's skirmishers before us (and nearly running over our own), until we approached the enemy's camp, where a considerable force was found, when we halted. A charge was ordered, and the men fixing bayonets drove them in disorder from behind trees, rocks, and various coverts through their camps, where they were preparing their meals. Pressing eagerly forward, they were driven form their breastworks, getting so near that after firing their pieces some of our men threw stones at them. During this time many prisoners were sent to the rear. My command moved forward, passing through the garden attached to a white house situated on the northern slope of the mountain, where we captured two brass pieces, but in out eagerness no guard was left in charge of them. We moved forward to a point about a quarter of a mile beyond this house, where our line was established and the mountain commences sloping to the east. Here we maintained our position until relieved by the Seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry (Colonel Creighton commanding). I then moved the regiment back about one-half mile, where they bivouacked on the field for the night.

November 25, we buried our dead, the mountain having been evacuated during the night. Receiving the order to fall in about noon, we marched in the order of the previous day across the valley to Mission Ridge near Rossville, when we followed along the western base in a northerly direction, supporting Knap's (Pennsylvania) battery and batteries of Osterhaus' division. My command was not exposed directly to the enemy's fire during this day. We bivouacked again in the field at the foot of Missionary Ridge.

November 26, we marched through the gap in Mission Ridge near Rossville, leading the brigade, preceded by the Second Brigade of Geary's division, crossing Chickamauga Creek several times, over which bridges had to be constructed, bivouacking about 10 p.m. 4 miles from Ringgold.

November 27, I moved the regiment at 7 a.m. in rear of the brigade, and just in the advance of the Fourteenth Army Corps, reaching Ringgold about 10 a.m., when I formed my regiment in line (having the One hundred and second New York Volunteers on my right), where we were exposed to an occasional shot from the ridge beyond the town. But with permission form General Geary I moved the regiment forward so as to be protected by the bank made by digging for the railroad. I had been here but a short time when I was ordered to move my regiment in conjunction with and in the rear of the brigade across a field by the right flank toward Catoosa Creek, following the One hundred and second New York Volunteers, exposed to a murderous fire of shell and musketry, through which they passed unflinchingly until they arrived at the position designed for them to take, when I ordered them to lie down near the gap where the railroad passes through to Dalton, and here they remained until the enemy were finally driven off, a few only firing in answer to the sharpshooters of the enemy. I then, by order, moved my command back a short distance between the village and creek, where we rested for the night.

About noon on the 28th instant, I was ordered to go on picket,

