
when I moved the regiment through the gap and posted them on the side of the ridge to the left of the railroad as a reserve to the One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Volunteers, Lieutenant-Colonel Walker commanding. We were relieved on the 29th instant, when I marched back to Ringgold.

During this series of actions and exposures to the weather without even our blankets,the conduct of the officers and men of my command has been all that I could wish. Their gallantry in the assault upon Lookout has not been excelled, and their uncomplaining endurance of privations, both form want of food and clothing while exposed to the severity of the climate, is highly commendable.

Where all have done so nobly it would perhaps be unjust to mention individual instances of bravery, yet I cannot refrain from mentioning the names of the color bearers, Jesse A. Brink, Company H; John Barnard, Company D, and George Perkins, Company B, who have so gallantly carried our colors always in advance. Sergeant Brink fell mortally wounded in the side, when George Perkins (private) nobly filled his place and carried the colors until our return to camp. The casualties of this regiment from the 24th to the 29th instant were as follows:

At the assault on Lookout Mountain: Killed, 1 commissioned officer and 4 enlisted men; wounded, 18 enlisted men.

At the battle of Ringgold: Killed, 1 enlisted man; wounded, 15 enlisted men.

Total commissioned officers killed, 1; total enlisted men killed, 5; total enlisted men wounded, 33; aggregate, 39.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MILO B. ELDREDGE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain MICHAEL NOLAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Brigade.]

No. 127.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel Charles B. Randall, One hundred and forty-ninth New York Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 149TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers during the movement commencing ont he 24th of November last and ending December 1, 1863:

The regiment left camp, 16 officers and 222 men strong, at 6.15 a.m. on the morning of the 24th instant, marching forth in line with the brigade, the men carrying one day's rations, their blankets, and 60 rounds of ammunition.

We crossed Lookout Creek at 9.20 a.m. and formed line of battle up the side of Lookout Mountain as far as was practicable, facing northerly, this regiment occupying the extreme left of the first line. The horses were left on the other side of the creek, the nature of the ground rendering it impossible to use them. We then advanced in line, sweeping the side of the mountain.

Our skirmishers engaged those of the enemy about 1 1/2 miles from

