
finding that no advance was made by the enemy, he again advanced, moving more to the left, to the crest overlooking the slope of the mountain toward Chattanooga, and occupied a stone wall facing in that direction.

In the meantime, while these latter movements were being made, I went in search of the missing companies of the regiment, and found that they had been stopped by order of General Whitaker, commanding the reserve, and formed on the right of a line of two battalions of his command, and all busy throwing up a breastwork of rails and such other materials as were at hand.

I immediately sought an explanation from General Whitaker, and was informed by him that the enemy were striving to turn our left flank, and that that point would be the battle-ground. I then again went forward some 300 or 400 yards to the line occupied by my regiment, and seeing no indications of any flank movement, I returned and moved these companies forward, together with a number of men of the One hundred and second New York Volunteers, under command of Captain Stegman, who, having become separated for his command in retiring from the line of skirmishers, has reported to me and joined the balance of my command. We held that position with no considerable opposition from the enemy until we were relieved by a regiment of the First Brigade, Second Division, of the Twelfth Army Corps, about 3 p.m., when we retired and joined the brigade at the position indicated.

The conduct of both officers and men cannot be spoken of in terms of too high commendation. They vied with each other in being foremost in the charge upon the enemy. Numerous instances occurred of men and officers almost completely exhausted by the rapid pace of the charge over almost insurmountable obstacles, nobly struggling not to be left behind; officers and men seriously wounded refused to leave the field till our work was done. Our losses sustained and the trophies won sufficiently attest the arduous nature of our duties and the success with which they were performed.

Our loss in the assault upon Lookout Mountain was 7 men killed and 7 officers and 45 men wounded, a list of which has been heretofore forwarded, and to which I beg leave to refer as forming part of this report.

The regiment marched with the brigade, being third in line, at 11.40 a.m. the 25th ultimo, taking the direction of Rossville Gap, making several long halts. Being within sound of heavy fighting beyond the ridge and of the musketry at the gap, about 4 p.m. the command turned to the left and passed rapidly along the base of the ridge, the division marching in column of regiments. As the column came in sight of the top of the ridge the enemy turned and fled in hot haste. We followed as rapidly as possible for 2 or 3 miles, but were unable to come up with them. The march of the division at this time presented one of the finest, most magnificent sights ever witnessed. Both officers and men had become so excited by the sound of the firing and the sight of the fleeing rebels that it was with great difficulty they were restrained sufficiently to preserve their ranks or the distance between regiments, so eager were they to press forward. As the column halted, loud and long huzzas ascended again and again, and were answered by those of our victorious troops upon the summit of the ridge. The troops bivouacked soon after dusk, using the huts that day left by the enemy.

The regiment marched at 10.50 a.m. the 26th ultimo, moving second

29 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

