
in line with the brigade. At 10 p.m. bivouacked in a field near Pea Vine Creek. We marched from Pea Vine Creek at 7 a.m. the 27th ultimo, my regiment being first in the line of the brigade, and arrived at Ringgold about 9 a.m. We marched through the town and were halted near the railroad depot, which was at the base of Taylor's Ridge. The battle was then already progressing. We remained sheltered by the depot for something over an hour, when I received directions from the colonel commanding brigade to move out my command and take the direction to be pointed out to me by Captain Nolan, of brigade staff, to hold the position I should take, not to fire unless advanced upon, and then no more than was necessary. I immediately moved forward by the flank along the said road, the remainder of the brigade following us. Following the direction taken by Captain Nolan, who had galloped ahead across an open field between the said road, which here turned to the left, and Chickamauga Creek, as we came upon a little rise of ground at the beginning of the field which we were to cross, a few of our troops were seen to be retiring rapidly and in disorder from the very position which we were about to take.

I immediately gave the command "double-quick." The command was obeyed with alacrity,and the pace was soon increased to a run. The regiment moved by the right flank across this open field of some 500 or 600 yards in extent, which was completely swept by the artillery and musketry of the enemy at easy range, with its ranks well closed and its line well preserved, from the rapidity of our movements losing comparatively few. Upon arriving at the banks of the creek at the mouth of the gap in Taylor's Ridge, the right wing of the regiment was posted along the banks of the creek and the left wing in and around an old barn at right angles with the right wing. We found that the hills on both sides of the gap were occupied by the sharpshooters of the enemy in considerable force, who had a complete cross-fire on our position. Finding that it would be impossible to maintain our position unless they were driven back, I gave directions for the men to shelter themselves by every available means, and for a few in each wing to keep up a rapid and careful fire whenever an enemy could be seen. We were thus enabled to retain our position, but with some loss. Soon after our arrival there the enemy moved forward to the edge of the wood and bushes in the mouth of the gap a brass field piece, and threw from a distance of about 100 yards four charges of grape through and through the barn in which we were posted, scattering pieces of board, splinters, and chips in every direction, but fortunately injuring no one, as their aim was a few feet too high. I immediately, upon the appearance of the artillery, stationed about a dozen men to watch it and prevent it being used. They were so successful that only the four shots were fired, and the gun remained in that position nearly half an hour unworked. Several times men came to move it away, but were each time driven back. They finally, by the use of a prolonged, succeeded in withdrawing it to the other side of the railroad. As soon as the firing of the enemy ceased, which was at about 12.30 p.m., several men of the right wing, who were farthest advanced up the bank of the creek, rushed in pursuit of the retiring enemy in hopes of capturing the gun, but were not successful. They succeeded, however, in capturing a guidon of the battery and Confederate States of America national flag-the Stars and Bars. Our loss was 3 men killed and 1 officer and 11 men wounded, the list of which has been heretofore forwarded.

