
The conduct of officers and men as on the previous occasion was all that could ge desired.

We remained in position for about one hour after the firing ceased, when the brigade was withdrawn and bivouacked in the edge of the town.

Captain Seymour was detailed as provost-marshall; the regiment also furnished details for moving the wounded and for provost duty. About noon of the 28th ultimo, by order of colonel commanding brigade, I removed the regiment and quartered it in a large building in the village. In the afternoon of the same day the regiment was sent on picket duty and stationed on the ridge south of the creek and gap, from which they were relieved at 2 p.m. the 29th ultimo. The regiment remained quietly at its quarters in the village until 2.30 a.m., December 1, when we took up line of march for our former camp, where we arrived about 3 p.m. Some items or incidents may have been omitted in this account of operations so numerous and extended, but as all our movements were under the immediate eye and direction of the colonel commanding brigade, his own recollection will doubtless enable him to supply the deficiency.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. RANDALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain NOLAN,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS 149TH NEW YORK VOLUNTEERS,Wauhatchie, Tennessee, December 4, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to transmit herewith the Confederate flags captured by my command in the assault upon Lookout Mountain, November 24, 1863, and at the battle of Ringgold, November 27.

The circumstances attending their capture, their description, and the names of the persons taking them, are as follows: Two of them are battle flags, one 3 feet 2 inches long and 2 feet 7 inches wide; dark blue ground-work, a white border 2 inches in width, with a white oblong center 11 inches in perpendicular depth, and 16 1/2 inches in length. The other is 3 feet and 2 inches in length, 2 feet 8 inches in width, white border 1 1/2 inches deep, dark blue ground-work, with round white center 14 1/2 inches in diameter. The one with the oblong center was taken from the hands of the rebel sergeant who carried it by First Sergt. Norman F. Potter,* Company E, while in advance of our line, and near the beginning of the felled timber beyond the rebel camps on Lookout Mountain. He disarmed the sergeant and passed him to the rear a prisoner. Sergeant Potter was afterward severely wounded and is now in hospital.

The other was also taken from the sergeant who bore it by Private Peter Kappesser,* Company B, as our line was charging through the rebel camps on Lookout. This sergeant was also disarmed and passed to the rear a prisoner.

The large flag-the Stars and Bars of the Confederate-is 6 feet 9 inches long and 3 feet 7 inches wide, with a blue rectangular field 2 feet 4 inches by 2 feet 3 inches, containing thirteen eight-pointed stars, nine arranged in a circle and four constituting an arc within

---------------

*Awarded Medal of Honor.

---------------

