
the circle and resting on the lower part; the bars extending horizontally, of nearly equal width, and arranged-red, white, red.

The remaining one is a blue battery guidon, 1 foot 10 inches long and 1 foot 5 inches wide, with a white border 2 1/2 inches deep.

These last two were taken by Private Phillip Goettel,* Company B, at the battle of Ringgold, near the position occupied by the rebel guns that bore upon our regiment, having been left upon the ground when the enemy were driven back by our fire. There was no inscription upon either of the flags. We do not know to what regiments or battery the captured flags belonged.

We have placed upon the first two the following inscription: "Captured at Lookout Mountain, November 24, 1863, by the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, Third Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps," and upon the last two the following inscription: "Captured at Ringgold, November 27, 1863, by the One hundred and forty-ninth New York Volunteers, Third Brigade, Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps."

Another flag, similar to the first two described, was taken by Private McAllister, Company I, in the assault upon Lookout Mountain. McAllister was afterward severely wounded and taken to hospital, carrying the flag with him. We have been unable to learn to what hospital he has been taken or to obtain possession of the flag.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. B. RANDALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain THOMAS H. ELLIOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 128.

Report of Major John A. Reynolds, Chief of Artillery.

LOOKOUT VALLEY, December 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I herewith send a report of the action of the artillery under my command during the recent engagements.

In obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Geary, I directed Lieutenant McGill, commanding Independent Pennsylvania Battery E, to accompany, with one section of his battery, the troops of the Second Division, Twelfth Corps, at daylight on the morning of the 24th instant to the crossing of Lookout Creek, near Wauhatchie; also, in accordance with his orders, I took command of two batteries of the Eleventh Corps, Battery I, First New York Artillery (six 3-inch guns), Captain Wiedrich commanding, four of which were in position on a hill opposite Lookout Point, and to the rear of Bald Hill (which is at the junction of the creek with the river), and at daybreak of the 24 instant placed Battery K, First Ohio Artillery (four light 12-pounders), Lieutenant Sahm commanding, in position on Bald Hill.

One section of 20-pounder Parrotts, of Captain Froehlich's (Fourth Ohio) battery, was placed in the gap, to the right of Captain Wiedrich, and one section of howitzers, Lieutenant Williams,

---------------

*Awarded Medal of Honor.

---------------

