
Thursday, the 26th instant, the artillery moved to Rossville. Major-General Hooker directed that one battery move forward with the infantry, the others to remain at Rossville.

In accordance with this order, I directed Lieutenant McGill, commanding Battery E, Pennsylvania Artillery, to move with his battery. Afterward, fearing that owing to the small number of horses and their enfeebled condition for want of forage he might not be able to continue the march, I directed Captain Landgraeber to follow with his battery. We reached Chickamauga Creek at 4.30 p.m. A foot bridge had been constructed for the infantry but the artillery could not cross on it, neither could they ford the stream.

Major-General Butterfield informed me pontoons had been ordered up, and expected momentarily, and directed as soon as the bridge was completed to press forward and join the infantry.

The pontoons failed to arrive, and Colonel Buell having to construct a trestle bridge, the batteries were not able to cross until 8 a.m. of the 27th instant.

They then advanced as rapidly as possible. Arriving at Pea Vine Creek, and hearing firing to the front, I directed the batteries to follow as rapidly as they could, and rode forward to report to Major-General Hooker. Arriving at Ringgold, General Hooker directed me to select positions for the artillery,and post them as soon as they arrived. When they came up I placed one section of Captain Landgraeber's battery (12-pounder howitzers) near the right of our line and in front of the gap through Taylor's Ridge, to drive back the enemy, who was hotly pressing our right from his advantageous position.

I next placed one section of Lieutenant McGill's battery (10-pounder Parrotts), to the left of Captain Landgraeber, with orders to silence the enemy's artillery; also one section of Lieutenant McGill's battery near the left of our lines, to bear upon a position where the enemy had massed his troops,and from where he had forced back General Geary's First Brigade with great loss. The fire of Captain Landgraeber's howitzers was very effective, compelling the enemy to fall back rapidly.

Lieutenant McGill soon silenced his artillery and compelled him to withdraw, and also drove back the troops from the left of our lines, thus enabling our infantry to advance and obtain possession of the ridge.

The batteries, not being engaged at close range, met with no losses in either of the engagements, though when first taking position at Ringgold many of the enemy's bullets whistled among them, fortunately doing no injury.

I have therefore no casualties to report, and am unable to give the amount of expenditures, as the batteries have not sent me their reports.

On the 30th instant, a train of ten wagons and a detail of two companies from General Cruft's division having reported to me, they were ordered to gather up the artillery carriages left by the enemy in their hurried retreat. Five caisson bodies and two limbers were collected by them and sent to Chattanooga.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. REYNOLDS,

Major, Chief of Artillery, Twelfth Corps.

Captain LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

A. A. G., Artillery, Dept. of the Cumberland.

