
[Inclosure No. 2.]

Killed, wounded,and missing in Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

Command.	 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Missing.	 Total.

First Brigade	 57	 222	 4	 283

Second Brigade	 22	 139	 2	 163

Third Brigade	 18	 100	 1 	 119

Total*	 97	 461	 7	 565

Captures.

1 regimental and 1 battle flag and 10 pieces of artillery. About 200 small-arms in good condition.

No. 130.

Itinerary of the Fourteenth Army Corps, November 1-30.+

November 1 to 23, two divisions were encamped within fortifications of Chattanooga. One division (the Second) was deployed on the north bank of the Tennessee River, guarding fords and ferries.

November 23, one brigade, First Division, remained in trenches. Two brigades and the Third Division formed line fronting Missionary Ridge. The Second Division concentrated at Caldwell's Ford, and crossed with Major-General Sherman,and took position on north end of Missionary Ridge.

November 24, the First Brigade, First Division, sent to assist Major-General Hooker, and took part in the fight on Lookout Mountain.

November 25, the First and Second Brigades, of the First and Third Division, took part in the charge on Missionary Ridge. The Second Division participated with Major-General Sherman's forces in all his movements.

November 26, the First and Second Brigades, of the First Division, pursued the enemy and captured a battery and some prisoners at Pea Vine Valley. Encamped at Graysville, Ga. The Second Division pursued the enemy, attacked his rear guard at Chickamauga Station, and captured stores, caissons, two siege guns, &amp;c.

November 27, the whole corps marched to Ringgold, in pursuit of the enemy.

November 28, at Ringgold. The Second Division moved to Parker's Gap, Ga.

November 29, the First and Second Brigades, of the First Division, returned to Chattanooga. The Third Brigade, of the First Division, made a reconnaissance to Steven's Gap; Second Division passed through McDaniel's Gap.

November 30, the First and Third Divisions in Chattanooga; Second Division marched with Major-General Sherman to the assistance of Major-General Burnside, at Knoxville.

---------------

*But see revised statement, pp. 84,85.

+From return for November.

---------------

