
A. Baird's). A considerable amount of labor has been necessary to render this a moderately good hospital.

For a time we were required to crowd this building with a comparatively large number of patients. By sending the more slightly wounded to the rear, in accordance with orders from the department medical director, this inconvenience has been overcome.

Credit is due to Surg. J. R. Arter, the officer in charge, as well as to the other medical officers of the Third Division, for their activity and attention to duty.

For a detailed account of the part taken by the First and Second Divisions of this corps in the assault on Mission Ridge, and subsequent movements, and the operations of General Carlin's brigade, during the capture of Lookout Mountain by Major-General Hooker, I respectfully refer you to the reports of Surgs. B. F. Miller and R. J. Bogue, the directors of the respective divisions. From personal observation, I am enabled to testify to the promptness and efficiency of the medical officers of this corps.

The single exception of misbehavior on part of an assistant surgeon is already known to you, and his case being under consideration, it is deemed unnecessary to make any further reference to it at this time.

The following is a numerical statement of the casualties of this corps:

 Killed.	 Wounded.	 Total.

Commissioned officers	 13	 38	 51

Enlisted men	 114	 641	 755

Total*	 127	 679	 806

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. H. GROSS,

Surgeon, U. S. Volunteers, Medical Director, 14th Army Corps.

Surg. G. PERIN,

U. S. Army, Medical Director.

P. S.-The delay in forwarding this report has been caused mainly by the absence of the Second Division on the expedition toward Knoxville, Tennessee

No. 132.

Report of Brig. General Richard W. Johnson, U. S. Army, commanding First Division.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my division from November 23 up to this date:

November 23, I was directed by the major-general commanding the corps to place my First and Third Brigades (the Second Brigade

---------------

*But see revised statement, p.85.

---------------

