
being on picket) within the rifle-pits in front of my encampment, where the troops remained during the night.

November 24, General Baird's division,of the Fourteenth Army Corps, was sent to the front, and the forts and intrenchments in front of his encampment were held by my division. The command, under General Hooker, attacked the enemy on Lookout Mountain, and late in the evening I was ordered to send General Carlin's brigade over Chattanooga Creek to report to General Hooker. The creek being much swollen by recent rains, and the banks very abrupt, it was impossible to ford it or to throw over a temporary bridge. Meeting with Colonel Stanley, Eighteenth Ohio Volunteers, he kindly consented to bring down a ferry-boat, which was used. Pending the arrival of the ferry-boat, the corps commander directed Major Mendenhall to bring down to the bank of the creek some artillery. One section of the Eighth Wisconsin Battery and one section of the Seventh Indiana Battery were posted in position and did fine execution against the masses of the enemy hurled against General Hooker's left, and prevented re-enforcements being sent against our forces on the mountain.

General Carlin, although necessarily delayed a short time, formed a junction with General Hooker on the rough, irregular slope of the mountain in time to assist in repelling, in a gallant style, a heavy assault upon our lines.

November 25, General Carlin's brigade recrossed Chattanooga Creek and rejoined my command, while the forces on Lookout Mountain passed down the eastern slope and over the valley to the foot of Missionary Ridge. In the afternoon I was instructed to draw in my Second Brigade from picket and hold it in readiness to move against the enemy. My Third Brigade (General Starkweather's) was ordered to hold the forts and intrechments in and around Chattanooga. Later in the day I was ordered to form my command in two lines, resting my left against the right of General Sheridan's division, and to conform to his movements. Up to this time, owing to the sickness of General King, whose absence I regretted very much, my Second Brigade had been commanded by the accomplished soldier, Colonel M. F. Moore, of the Sixty-ninth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry. Colonel Stoughton, of the Eleventh Michigan Volunteers, arrived, and by virtue of seniority took command of the brigade. My division was formed, General Carlin on the right and Colonel Stoughton on the left, connecting with General Sheridan and facing Missionary Ridge. A heavy line of skirmishers was thrown out, and all the arrangements made availing the movement on the left.

The enemy was posted in a strong position in front, overlapping and extending away off to the right as far as the eye could reach, while in our front and to our right and left batteries were posted, so as to have a cross-fire. About 3.45 p.m. the advance was sounded on my left, which was promptly conformed to by my command, and it moved forward steadily across the valley and toward the base of Missionary Ridge. My skirmishers soon became engaged with the enemy, who were sheltered by their rifle-pits, but without faltering, and under a galling fire of musketry and artillery, they moved forward, driving the enemy from his first line of intrenchments. Notwithstanding the steepness of the mountain, the division moved steadily forward, driving the rebels from their works, and soon the summit was reached, and the colors planted upon the enemy's boasted

