
[CHAP. XLIII.

P. S.-On reflection, I think we will push Bragg with all our strength to-morrow, and try if we cannot off a good portion of his new troops and trains. His men have manifested a strong desire to desert for some time past, and we will now give them a chance. I will instruct Thomas accordingly. Move the advance force early on the most easterly road taken by the enemy.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattanooga, November 26, 1863.

Major General WILLIAM T. SHERMAN,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Your dispatch received. Thomas was ordered to pursue with all his force, except Granger's, on the road the enemy retreated,and is no doubt in motion before this.

The general commanding will be with the pursuing column, that he may give such general directions on the field as circumstances may suggest. Until you receive other orders, you will follow up the enemy on the most easterly road he may have taken, as directed by dispatch of last evening, being governed by your own judgment and the enemy's movements, the object being to bring him to battle again if possible.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,In the Field, Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 26, 1863.

(Received 27th.)

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Commanding Department and Army of the Cumberland:

GENERAL: Sherman put Jeff. C. Davis' division in motion to pursue the enemy about midnight last night. Howard's corps followed at 4 a.m. this morning, and ordered his other three divisions to close up by Chickamauga Depot. He crossed on pontoon bridge at mouth of Chickamauga, and goes up on east side all the way.

You will please move in the direction of the enemy all the force indicated for the pursuit in your orders of last night with all possible dispatch.

By order of Major General U. S. Grant:

JNumbers A. RAWLINS,

Brigadier-General, and Chief of Staff.

RINGGOLD, GA., November 27, 1863-12.30 p.m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: Hooker has engaged the enemy here, strongly posted on the hills. It looks as if it will be hard to dislodge them. If you can move down with a force east of the ridge on the east side of

