
stronghold. A loud and prolonged cheer announced that a great victory had been gained. The summit was reached a little before sundown, the lines reformed, pickets thrown out, and arrangements made for encamping for the night. Orders were received to replenish our ammunition (up to 100 rounds), and to issue four days' rations, preparatory to following up the retreating foe.

November 26, the First and Second Brigades, the Second in advance, moved out on a road leading south of east, accompanied by the corps commander. After a march of 7 miles the head of the column arrived at the West Chickamauga Creek. Here the bridge had been destroyed, and the creek could not be forded. The horses were made to swim over, while a temporary bridge was constructed over which the men passed. After moving 1 1/2 miles the column reached Pea Vine Creek, and here, again, it was necessary to construct a temporary bridge for our men. At this point the road forks, the right hand leading directly to Ringgold, the left leading to Graysville. General Carlin led off on the latter road. Before advancing far the noise of men and wagons rendered it certain that a column of the enemy was retreating by the La Fayette road. General Carlin was directed to form line of battle, and Colonel Stoughton's brigade was, by direction of the corps commander,directed to advance on the Ringgold road to its crossing with the La Fayette road, and to attack the enemy vigorously. This movement was made in gallant style, and about 9 p.m. a volley was fired into Stewart's (rebel) division, the men of which scattered in all directions, throwing away their arms, abandoning their colors, and leaving in our possession three Napoleon guns, two caissons, with horses, harness, &amp;c., and quite a number of prisoners. The command then resumed the march on Graysville, General Carlin leading with his brigade. The head of the column reached the village about 11 p.m., driving out of it in great confusion a number of the enemy, supposed to be a brigade. In this place General Carlin captured a number of prisoners and one cannon.

November 27, at early dawn, I was ordered to proceed to Ringgold by one road, while the major-general commanding the corps, with General Baird's division, marched by another route. This movement threw me in rear of General Hooker's forces. When General Hooker's advance reached Ringgold it met with a spirited resistance. I directed General Carlin to form his brigade on the left of General Hooker, and to advance and attack. This was done in fine style, and soon his skirmishers opened upon those of the enemy,the latter falling back to the summit of White Oak Ridge.

Before advancing far, General Hooker directed me to halt and await further orders. My command had hardly halted before the enemy withdrew from my front and attacked the troops on my right, by which they were repulsed and driven from the field.

My command remained in Ringgold until the morning of the 29th November, when it was ordered to return to this place. The battles referred to in this report were fought on open ground, and every commander in the army could see the conduct of nearly all the troops engaged. To say my division did well would hardly convey an idea of the noble daring of its officers and men. The Army of the Cumberland had nobly sustained its gallant reputation, and it is but just to accord to the heroes of Vicksburg and the Potomac an equal share in the honor and glory won by our united efforts. I cannot close this report without acknowledging the valuable services of my brigade

