
however, seemed only to stimulate our gallant soldiers and to give them the first intimation of what they were expected to do. The advance was continued without interruption till we reached the base of the ridge, when the firing from the infantry, as well as artillery, posted on the ridge, became very animated. After a short pause the whole line charged for the summit of the ridge. But the fire of the enemy was too heavy; our line halted, and a portion of it retired to the base of the ridge, where a steady fire was kept up against the enemy.

In front of the left of my brigade was a rifle-pit about half way up the ridge, which was occupied by the enemy. After a few volleys they were driven from it and it was occupied by the Forty-second Indiana, One hundred and fourth Illinois, and Eighty-eighth Indiana. The steady valor of these regiments finally drove the enemy from the ridge, when my whole line advanced to the summit. It is just to state here that my right was overlapped by the enemy and the configuration of the ground such as to give him a cross-fire on my right after it had advanced half way up the ridge.

It was thus necessary to push the left of my brigade to the summit in advance of the right. Immediately on reaching the summit I detached the Second Ohio to hold a high knob about 300 yards to my right. At this point the greater portion of the Thirty-eighth Alabama (rebel) Regiment was captured, with the regimental colors. About 300 officers and soldiers with arms in hand were captured by my brigade on Mission Ridge. Bivouacking for the night on the ridge, my brigade took the advance in pursuit of the enemy on the 26th, taking the road toward Graysville and Ringgold. After crossing Pea Vine Creek, about 1 1/2 miles to the right of Graysville, there were reasons to believe the enemy in front, and as it was now dark a reconnaissance seemed to be necessary before pushing my command into the woods. Several prisoners taken there stated that there were troops about half a mile from me, and camp fires confirmed the report. I did not suppose the enemy ignorant of our approach, and presumed they were prepared to receive us.

The Forty-second Indiana was advanced nearly to the main road leading from Graysville to Ringgold, and there I deemed it best to keep it till the remainder of the brigade could come up. In the meantime, the Second Brigade had advanced on my right and opened fire on the enemy near or in the road, and the remainder of my brigade, through some misapprehension of orders, had advanced on the left of the Second; in consequence of which my aides were unable to find it for some minutes. I then advanced the Forty-second Indiana to the road and beyond, when I changed front to the left toward Graysville, and moved it toward that place till a column of the enemy was met. Lieutenant-Colonel McIntire, commanding, demanded the surrender of the enemy, which was declined. A few shots passed between them. Supposing the enemy prepared or preparing to fight, I halted the Forty-second, deployed it as skirmishers and ordered it to maintain its position till the remainder of the brigade could close up.

This occupied several minutes. The advance was resumed, the brigade in line of battle, but the enemy had escaped by forcing his men through Chickamauga Creek. In this haste to get away he abandoned a fine Napoleon gun, which fell into our hands. At Graysville, also, about 40 Georgia Militia were captured, and near 200 muskets. Three commissioned officers of the Sixteenth South Carolina, and several other prisoners were taken here. Bivouacking at

