
Graysville, the march to Ringgold was resumed on the 27th. A number of prisoners were taken on the way. On approaching Ringgold, brisk musketry between General Hooker's command and the enemy was heard, and, under orders from General Johnson, my brigade was prepared to advance in line to the support of General Hooker. We were pushed forward as rapidly as possible till we had crossed the creek, and then received orders from General Hooker through Major-General Butterfield to take a strong position on the left and remain there till further orders. Finding such a position along the railroad, I held it all that day and night, next day, and till 1 p.m. on the 29th, when we were ordered to return to Chattanooga. The skirmishers from two regiments of this brigade were among the first to reach the summit of Taylor's Ridge, though the resistance in my front was slight.

In the operations referred to above, this brigade captured 1 lieutenant-colonel, 2 majors, 34 company officers, 479 enlisted men, 1 flag, and 1 piece of artillery.

The casualties are as follows: On Lookout Mountain, 12 killed and 24 wounded; Graysville, 1 killed; on Mission Ridge, 12 killed and 110 wounded. Total, 25 killed and 134 wounded.

Among the wounded officers were Major Carter, Thirty-eighth Indiana, and Captain Warnock, Second Ohio, both gallant and valuable officers.

It would be invidious to designate any regiment or individual as distinguished for gallantry where all were gallant. In all my experience I never saw officers and men conduct themselves with more heroic courage. Though it is perhaps unbecoming in a subordinate to compliment those above him, or not in command, I cannot refrain from expressing my admiration at the conduct of all our troops engaged in assaulting Lookout Mountain and Mission Ridge.

Colonel B. F. Scribner, Thirty-eighth Indiana, acted on my staff during the engagements described, and exercised immediate supervision over the second line. For his valuable assistance I express my obligations.

To Captain De Bruin, provost-marshall; Captain J. W. Ford, inspector; Lieutenant W. E. Carlin, aide-de-camp; Lieutenant J. W. Vance, aide-de-camp, and to Lieutenant George H. Devol, aide-de-camp, of my staff, I am under obligations for their untiring attention to duty.

At Graysville, and again at Taylor's Ridge, Major-General Palmer called for a party of volunteers to scout the front, and they came forth immediately. A list of their names accompanies this report. I respectfully recommend that they receive furloughs for twenty days as a reward for their gallantry and as an incentive to others hereafter.

Private James Bolin, Forty-second Indiana, one of these scouts, was captured, murdered, and robbed by rebel cavalry near Graysville.

Accompanying this are reports of regimental commanders and full lists of casualties.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. CARLIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

First Division, Fourth Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.84.

---------------

30 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

