
[Inclosure.]

Names of the men of the Forty-second Indiana who were sent out on a scout from Graysville by General Palmer: Sergt. W. H. McCleary, Company F; Private Jacob Erb, Company B; Private Burton S. Dimmitt, Company B, and Private James Bolin, Company H (killed).

No. 134.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Douglas Hapeman, One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 104TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the One hundred and fourth Illinois Infantry, First Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, since the morning of the 24th instant:

The regiment was formed on the left of the brigade, in front of Fort Negley, in the morning and remained there till 1 p.m., when they were marched in the direction of Lookout Mountain, where heavy skirmishing had been going on for over an hour. They crossed Chattanooga Creek at the burnt railroad bridge just at dark, and marched directly up the mountain, following the Eighty-eighth Indiana. The Eighty-eighth Indiana halted when about half way to the white house on the mountain, and I discovered that they were detached from the rest of the brigade, and we were on the skirmish line of the Thirty-first Missouri, of General Osterhaus' division. After marching on the mountain some time, I reached the white house, and was ordered to form six companies around the stone fence west of the house, sending two companies to occupy the stables in front and two companies to the east of the house. The regiment remained in this position during the night, and were not engaged with the enemy.

At 7 o'clock the next morning (25th) the regiment was formed in advance of the line occupied at night,and skirmishers thrown forward, who soon discovered that the enemy had left the mountain. Fourteen deserters were received within our lines, and a number of small-arms, cartridge boxes, tents, &amp;c., were captured.

At 9 o'clock we marched down the mountain on the Summertown road, recrossed Chattanooga Creek, marched to the Rossville road, and formed about 400 yards to the left of the road, near the works that had been abandoned by the enemy. The regiment was formed on the left of the first line of the brigade.

At about 3 o'clock the line moved forward, the Eighty-eighth Indiana on our right, and the Fifteenth Infantry on the left, to assault the enemy's works on Missionary Ridge. Just before the regiment reached the ditch near the huts formerly occupied by the rebels, they opened on us with artillery and musketry. Five men were struck at the first volley, but the line moved forward till they reached the first line of works, opposite the rifle-pits occupied by the enemy's sharpshooters, when they halted to rest. When they moved forward again, the rebels retreated from the lower works, and they moved up as rapidly as possible, and occupied these works.

They remained here till the men were rested. When the men were

