
rested, they again moved up the hill, and drove the rebels from the works. They captured about 30 prisoners, including 1 captain. A number of the regiment followed the enemy to the foot of the hill, and into their camp. Our loss in this action was 4 killed and 19 wounded-2 mortally.

The officers and men behaved gallantly. I would especially notice Color Sergt. William H. H. Hutton, of Company D, who was wounded, and Corpl. L. F. Holland, Company D,who carried the colors safely to the top of the hills, the first colors of First Brigade planted on the enemy's works.

The regiment bivouacked that night on Missionary Ridge.

The next morning (26th), the regiment was supplied with four days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man, and at 9 o'clock marched out on the road in the direction of Ringgold. There was considerable delay in crossing Chickamauga Creek, the bridge having been destroyed. They reached Graysville about 12 o'clock at night, having marched in line a considerable distance after dark.

The next morning (27th), the regiment marched at 7 o'clock, taking the road west of the river, in the direction of Ringgold. There was some skirmishing in advance, but the regiment was not engaged. The regiment formed behind the railroad to the right of the steam mill near Ringgold, the Second Ohio on the right and the Eighty-eighth Indiana on the left. Two companies were sent forward as skirmishers, who moved to the top of the hill, where the enemy had been strongly posted, but the enemy had disappeared, leaving his dead, a number of small-arms, and some ammunition.

The regiment remained in line till nearly night, when they went on picket, guarding the left flank of the brigade. They remained on picket till 4 p.m., when they were relieved by the Second Ohio, and bivouacked, on the right of the Forty-second Indiana,near the mountain.

At 11 a.m., 29th, they marched for Chattanooga, where they arrived at 7 o'clock.

The men endured the hardships of the campaign cheerfully, although they must have suffered a great deal from the could.

A number of the men had no shirts, their shoes were worn out, clothing all poor, and none of them had overcoats.

I append a list of casualties.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DOUGLAS HAPEMAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 104th Illinois Infantry.

Captain R. J. WAGGENER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 135.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Daniel F. Griffin, Thirty-eighth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following as the part taken by this command in the late engagements near Chattanooga and subsequent movements in Northern Georgia:

Monday, November 23, at 3 p.m., the command with the brigade

