
moved into the rifle-pits on west front of Chattanooga,this regiment occupying the extreme right, where we lay on arms until 4 a.m. of November 24, when the command moved to the south front of Chattanooga, again occupying the right of brigade line. While here our colonel and former brigade commander, B. F. Scribner, having just returned from sick leave, was received with shouts of joy by the boys; but he having been assigned to duty with the brigade, the regimental command still devolved upon the undersigned. About 12 m. heavy firing was heard on western slope of Lookout Mountain, and soon our forces were seen advancing over the crest of Lookout Point, driving the enemy. About 2 p.m. the brigade moved to the support of this command, my regiment moving on the point between Chattanooga Creek and Tennessee River, deploying along the line of creek and railroad for the purpose of protecting the left flank of our advancing forces. At 4 p.m. the command was assembled and crossed to Lookout Mountain at mouth of creek in pontoon-boats, following the Thirty-third Ohio, now in advance; moved up the side of mountain to white house, taking position in enemy's line of rifle-pits about 6 p.m. An hour later moved to extreme right of our line, relieving, in connection with the Thirty-third Ohio, two regiments of General Geary's division, and occupied the ground at foot of cliff, near the very summit of Lookout. During all these movements heavy firing was kept up by the enemy, under much of which we had to pass, but fortunately with but little loss (2 enlisted men wounded).

November 25, at daylight, the enemy had abandoned their position, leaving the mountain in our possession. About 9 a.m. the command, with brigade, moved to foot of mountain, taking up position on Summertown road. At 11 a.m. crossed Chattanooga Creek, at its mouth, on pontoon bridges, and moved to the front on Rossville road, toward Mission Ridge, where the enemy were posted in heavy force, they having abandoned their position in the valley on the capture of Lookout Mountain. About 3 p.m. formed line of battle one-quarter of a mile east of Rossville road, and one-half of a mile from foot of ridge, the regiment forming the center of the second line, Second Ohio on right, Thirty-third Ohio on left. In this position advanced to the assault under heavy fire from enemy's artillery and musketry, as we neared the foot of ridge. The first lien unmasking by moving to the left, the second moving forward on line with first, advanced to and took position in enemy's third line of rifle-pits at foot of ridge; here, assisting the troops on our left with a well-directed fire, succeeded in driving the enemy from their fourth line of pits on side hill in their front, then advanced a short distance up the slope under very heavy fire from infantry and artillery not only in front but from the enemy well posted on our right. Afterward following the movements of the right of line fell back a short distance to line of rifle-pits at foot of ridge, there forming and quickly driving back the enemy's lines, who essayed an advance; twenty minutes after again advanced, this time gaining the top of ridge, hastily throwing forward a line of skirmishers and assisting in bringing in many of the flying enemy. In the assault Major William L. Carter and 6 enlisted men were wounded.

About 5 p.m. the command was detailed to take charge of prisoners, and, in connection with Seventy-sixth Ohio Volunteers (of General Osterhaus; division), convey them to provost-marshall-general at Chattanooga. This was done, delivering to Lieutenant-Colonel

