
Wiles 1 lieutenant-colonel, 2 majors, 25 line officers, and 282 enlisted men. One-third of the command being required to guard prisoners until daylight, the balance moved to camp. Issued during the night four days' rations and moved at daylight, November 26, to join the brigade on Mission Ridge. Moved about 10 a.m., with brigade,this regiment in advance, on Graysville road, arriving at West Chickamauga River about 1 p.m., having captured en route 1 commissioned officer and 27 enlisted men. Command was here delayed for two hours in constructing bridge, my regiment picketing the front and flanks. When again moved forward, was relieved of the advance by Forty-second Indiana and formed second regiment of the column. About 9 p.m. formed line of battle for advance on Ringgold road; this regiment forming center of first line advanced on the charge, capturing a number of prisoners.

Line again formed to move on Graysville, this regiment on right of brigade, with skirmishers advanced, covering the right and flank, who succeeded in overhauling a few of the enemy that escaped to the hills. Bivouacked at 1 a.m., picketing the right. No casualties to-day.

November 27, moved shortly after daylight up the river road from Graysville, bearing to the right and intersecting Ringgold road about 4 miles from that place. Heavy skirmishing all morning in our front by Major-General Hooker's troops in vicinity of Ringgold. Moved to their support, brigade forming line on his left, advancing in two lines, this regiment forming left of second line; crossed East Chickamauga River on bridge and advanced to near railroad, where first line had taken position under fire from the enemy posted on Taylor's Ridge. By your orders this regiment was advanced from the second to the left of the first line, taking position along railroad, and sending companies (C and K) as skirmishers to foot of ridge. Half an hour later, our forces having gained the ridge to our right, a call by you for a few volunteers to ascend the ridge to our left was responded to by Sergt. William Tucker, Company F, and others of my command,whose names I send you on accompanying sheet (3), who at once started on their mission, accomplishing all desired. Bivouacked on this ground for the night. No casualties to-day.

November 28, remained in bivouac at foot of Taylor's Ridge near Ringgold.

November 29, at 11 a.m., received orders to march, moving north on Chattanooga road, arriving and going into old camp at 6 p.m.

Accompanying (on sheet 4) I send statement of casualties.*

I cannot close without expressing my thanks to Major W. L. Carter (who fell wounded while advancing to the assault of Mission Ridge) for his untiring exertions, zeal, and gallantry. Also, the same to those officers and men who nobly braved and withstood every danger, trial, and fatigue of this memorable campaign.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

D. F. GRIFFIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 38th Regiment Indiana Volunteers

R. J. WAGGENER,

Captain, and A. A. G., 1st Brig., 1st Div., 14th A. C.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.84.

---------------

