
the railroad it will effectually turn the enemy's position. I do not care about the pursuit being continued farther south. I am anxious, however, to have the Cleveland and Dalton Railroad effectually destroyed. I think one brigade will be sufficient to do this. They can move on any road most direct, and should go without a wagon.

If you know any reason why one brigade will not be sufficient for the duty indicated, or why a force sufficient for it should not be detached at this time, you need not send them until you can communicate with me.

Yours,

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

RINGGOLD, GA., November 27, 1863-1 p.m.

Major General GEORGE H. THOMAS,

Near Chattanooga:

Hooker has just driven the enemy from this place, capturing three pieces of artillery and some prisoners. Sherman is near by. It is reported by citizens that Longstreet is expected to-morrow, and that the enemy will make a stand at Dalton. I do not intend to pursue farther however. I think it best not to rely on statements of citizens altogether. You will direct Granger, therefore, to start at once, marching as rapidly as possible, to the relief of Burnside. Should he obtain satisfactory evidence that Longstreet has abandoned the siege of Knoxville, he will return at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH AND TWELFTH CORPS,Ringgold, Ga., November 27, 1863-7.30 p.m.

Major-General GRANT:

Colonel Grose, commanding brigade sent toward Tunnel Hill, reports that Bragg and Breckinridge staid last night at a house 2 miles from here, on the left of the road; Hardee and Cleburne about a mile from here; that the enemy are in strong force about 2 miles from here. They have burned a long railroad bridge about 2 1/4 miles distant, the second bridge from here. Hardee made remark at breakfast this a.m., "Longstreet was in extremely critical position." The road good, and no evidence of any train stalled. Citizen said no heavy train passed since 9 a.m. They had 2 of our wounded prisoners, which Colonel Grose brought in.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH HOOKER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,

Graysville, November 28-10.10

General GRANT:

DEAR GENERAL: I have been over to see Generals Davis and Howard, and will start to-morrow for Cleveland. Will be to-morrow night rear a point marked Tucker's on the Coast Survey map. General

