
[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. THIRTY-EIGHTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following names of non-commissioned officers and privates who ascended Taylor's Ridge, near Ringgold, Ga., on your call for volunteers from my command for that duty, November 27, 1863: Sergt. William Tucker, Company F; Sergt. Oliver N. Coffey, Company G; Sergt. Samuel F. Smith, Company H; Corpl. Thomas R. Mitchell, Company F; Corpl. Darwin M. Wardall, Company G; Private James Williams, Company H.

Very respectfully, your most obedient,

D. F. GRIFFIN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-eighth Indiana Volunteers

R. J. WAGGENER,

Captain, and A. A. G., 1st Brig., 1st Div., 14th A. C.

No. 136.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William T. B. McIntire, Forty-second Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-SECOND INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the operations of my command from the morning of the 24th to the 29th instant:

After lying in line of battle during the day of the 24th until 3 p.m. we crossed Chattanooga Creek at its junction with the Tennessee River, ascended Lookout Mountain, arriving at the white house about 7 o'clock. At 7.30 o'clock I was ordered to take a position in rear of the Second Ohio, which was moving to the front, unless I found that I could be more serviceable elsewhere. The Second Ohio had not gained its position, however, until the enemy opened a brisk fire along its whole front, and extending beyond its left flank. I immediately moved my regiment by the left flank and formed among the rocks on the left, and again the enemy opened upon us, covering my front. The natural inference was that they were more numerous than we at first thought, and were attempting to make a flank movement. I placed my left company, deployed as skirmishers, on a line perpendicular to the main line, and sent a message to inform General Carlin of my position, and the Eighty-eighth Indiana was sent to take a position on my left, and thus a connection was formed with another regiment on the creek. At about 12.30 o'clock the firing ceased, and before daybreak it was found that they enemy had withdrawn.

On the 25th,the brigade moved to the north side of the creek and took position in the woods near the foot of Missionary Ridge and on the first line of the enemy's rifle-pits. At about 4 o'clock we moved forward and reached the second rifle-pits without loss, and with little resistance. Here quite a number of prisoners were captured, whom we found lying in the ditch. After halting a few moments to rest, I moved forward under a heavy fire from the third

