
rifle-pit and crest of the hill. The enemy, however, soon fell back from their breastworks and my regiment and the Eighty-eighth Indiana, mingled together, arrived at the pit about the same time. A number of prisoners were taken at this point also. Halting but a moment, some regiments on my right gave way, and the enemy advanced slightly. My command kept up a vigorous fire and moved on steadily to the top. Here we bivouacked for the night, and at 10 a.m. on the 26th moved forward.

At Chickamauga Creek I was ordered to take the advance, deploying two companies as skirmishers. I moved on the Ringgold road to within a short distance of Graysville, and after striking the main road leading from ---- to ----, I charged front, and moved the whole regiment, deployed as skirmishers, to the village, meeting but slight resistance, capturing a number of prisoners,and arriving in time to extinguish the fire and prevent the destruction of the bridge across the stream.

Late at night, under the direction of General Johnson, I sent 3 men out on the Ringgold road to reconnoiter, one of whom (James Bolin) was captured by a party of mounted men, and was afterward found dead on the road, and I fear he was murdered after he fell into the enemy's hands.

On the 27th, moved to Ringgold. Came up during the fight. My line of skirmishers were slightly engaged, but men with little resistance in going to the top of the mountain. Remained here during the 28th and until noon of the 29th, when we returned to camp.

I inclose herewith list of killed and wounded, showing a loss of 8 enlisted men killed and 35 wounded. Many of the wounds are slight, and will not long render the men unable for duty.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. T. B. McINTIRE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Forty-Second Indiana Volunteers

Captain R. J. WAGGENER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 137.

Report of Colonel Cyrus E. Briant, Eighty-eighth Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-EIGHTH REGIMENT INDIANA Volunteers,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Eighty-eighth Regiment,under my command, in the late engagement in front of this place:

Pursuant to orders, we moved across Chattanooga Creek, and ascended Lookout Mountain as far as the white house, on the northeast side of the mountain, where we were formed in line of battle with the other regiments of the brigade, the Eighty-eighth holding its position there until near 9 p.m. of the 24th instant, when we were ordered out to support the Second Ohio and Forty-second Indiana Regiments, then hotly engaged in our front. In advancing regiment

