
up and forming on the left of the Forty-second Indiana, we received a volley from the enemy before we could form our line, but the regiment came up to the work in an orderly manner, and we soon drove the enemy from their strong position, and then formed in line on the extreme left of the Forty-second Indiana, thus making a connection with the Thirty-seventh [Thirty-first?] Missouri, of General Sherman's corps, forming a complete line of battle from the river to the ledge of rocks near the top of the mountain. In this movement the regiment lost in wounded 1 second lieutenant and 4 privates, all of whom were severely wounded.

The regiment held their position in line at this point until about 9 a.m. on the 25th instant, when, with the balance of the brigade, we moved forward to the road leading to the summit of the mountain, and from there we were ordered to move with the brigade to the foot of Mission Ridge, where we formed in line of battle, the One hundred and fourth Illinois our left and the Forty-second Indiana on our right.

We lay in line of battle until about 4 p.m. of the 25th instant, when the regiment moved forward in the grand charge that was made on the enemy's strong works on the ridge,coming in to the work most gallantly, every man and officer of the regiment doing his duty in a most honorable way, the regiment taking 24 prisoners and 1 flag, supposed to be the Thirty-sixth Alabama Regiment,which had been very badly torn up. The regiment lay on the top of the ridge that night with the balance of the brigade in line of battle until the morning of the 26th instant. In this charge the regiment lost in killed 1 captain and 1 first lieutenant and 7 privates, 4 of whom are severely wounded.

Pursuant to orders, we moved with the brigade from the hill forward about 9 a.m. of the 26th instant on the road to Graysville, where the regiment was formed on the left of the brigade. At the charge made on the battery taken near the town the regiment took 8 prisoners. At that point the regiment moved forward in line of battle up to the town of Graysville,where it was ordered to send out one company to reconnoiter and feel for the enemy. The company advanced through town, and, after a thorough reconnaissance in front, reported no enemy in front of any force, and bringing with them 22 prisoners, taken in town and the outposts along the river near the town. The regiment then went into camp about 1 a.m. on the morning of the 27th instant.

Pursuant to orders, the regiment moved forward with the balance of the brigade on the road leading to Ringgold, forming in line of battle about 1 miles outside of town, with the One hundred and fourth Illinois on our right and the Thirty-third Ohio on our left, with the skirmishers thrown well in front. The regiment moved forward in line of battle with the rest of brigade to the railroad to the left of town, near the steam grist-mill. The skirmishers were hotly engaged here by the enemy, but drove them steadily back to the summit of Oak Ridge, where the enemy held their position until about 2 p.m. of the 27th, when our line moved forward on to their works, and carried the works, driving the enemy before them, routing their entire line, and taking quite a number of small-arms here as well as at all other points. The men and officers of the regiment worked in the very best manner possible, the only trouble being to hold the men in restraint.

