
I send herewith a list* of killed and wounded of the Eighty-eighth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

All of which I most respectfully forward.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. E. BRIANT,

Colonel, Comdg. Eighty-eighth Indiana Volunteers.

Brigadier-General CARLIN,

Comdg. First Brig., First Div., 14th Army Corps.

No. 138.

Report of Colonel Anson G. McCook, Second Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report the movements of the regiment from the 23rd to the 29th instant, inclusive.

On the night of the 23d, I was, by your orders, placed in the outer line of intrenchments, remaining there all night, moving out and forming line immediately in front of the star fort on the morning of the 24th, where I remained until about 3 p.m., when, by your order, I moved in connection with the balance of the brigade across the mouth of Chattanooga Creek and up the slope of Lookout Mountain to the assistance of Major-General Hooker's troops. Shortly after the line had been formed near the white house, and at about 8 p.m., you directed me to move with my regiment to the assistance of the Thirty-first Iowa, at that time severely engaged and threatened with a flank movement on the left. I immediately did so, taking up a position on the left and slightly in advance of that regiment. The night-time and the difficult nature of the ground made it impossible to move in the order I should have wished to, and before an opportunity offered of throwing forward skirmishers, and hardly had my line been formed, when I was heavily attacked by a concealed enemy at not to exceed 75 yards. I opened my fire, and, after a very spirited engagement of twenty or thirty minutes, silenced their fire, not, however, without having suffered some loss. During the temporary cessation of firing, I directed the men to throw up works of stone and logs, which was speedily done, and answered, in the subsequent attacks, a good purpose. By this time the Forty-second Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel McIntire, had been directed by you to form on my left, and, in connection with the Eighty-eighth Indiana, Lieutenant-Colonel Briant, materially assisted in repulsing every effort of the enemy. We were attacked vigorously two or three times, and until the enemy evacuated, at between 12 and 2, were constantly annoyed by their sharpshooters. The mountain side is almost perpendicular, covered with huge bowlders, fallen trees, and obstacles of almost every nature, and is capable of a very strong defense, of which fact the enemy availed himself, having thrown up a very strong and effective line of works, from which he was finally compelled to fall back.

My loss (as per abstract attached) in this night attack was 2 commissioned

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.84.

---------------

