
officers (Captain Warnock, Company D, and Lieutenant Emery, Company C) wounded, and 2 non-commissioned officers and 2 privates killed, and 1 non-commissioned officer and 2 privates wounded, making a total of 4 killed and 5 wounded.

On the morning of the 25th, I moved by your direction along the face of the mountain to the Summertown road, descending that until we struck Chattanooga Creek, recrossing at the mouth, and moving to the right and front of the star fort, where my line was formed on the extreme right of the brigade, and in that position, at about 4 p.m., moved to the assault of Mission Ridge. Owing to the numerous obstacles, including a deep creek, my regiment, when it reached the edge of the timber, was in some confusion, but promptly rallied, and moved steadily but rapidly across the open space to the enemy's works near the base of the ridge. Here I for the first time discovered that I was on the extreme right of the whole line, with the enemy's left, including a section of artillery, overlapping my right at least 75 yards. By your direction one company (A) was thrown to the right and front as skirmishers, to guard against a flank movement, and, after a short rest in the enemy's works, I moved forward to the base of the ridge, following the general movement from left to right. Although the fire was very heavy while executing this movement, my loss was but slight, owing to the nature of the ground, the enemy in nearly every instance overshooting us. Up to this point my men had behaved splendidly, not one flinching or running. I remained at the foot of the ridge for some ten minutes, when, no apparent success having been met with on the left of me, the enemy made a slight advance from the crest and opened a very heavy fire, throwing portions of my own and two other regiments into confusion, and causing some of them to fall back. I attempted to stop it, but only partially succeeding, I deemed it best, under the circumstances, to order the men around me, composed of members of several regiments, to fall back to the works near the base of the ridge, which I did, accompanying them myself. I had my bugler blow "halt" and "to the color," and am proud to state that with but very few exceptions the men promptly obeyed,and opened a fire that not only checked the advance of the enemy, but drove them back. At this point I met the general commanding the brigade and explained what I had done, which he fully justified. In a few minutes we again advanced and carried the ridge, when, after partially forming my line, I was by your order moved obliquely to the right and front, occupying an inferior ridge, to guard against any movement on our flank. I opened up a fire on the enemy, when, after but little resistance, they made overtures to surrender, and, to the numerous of at least 250, including 2 lieutenant-colonels, 3 majors, and numerous line officers, did so. I also captured the battle-flag of the Thirty-eighth Regiment Alabama Infantry.

In this assault my loss was 1 non-commissioned officer and 6 privates wounded, a total of 7 wounded, 1 probably mortally.

On the 26th, we moved in the direction of Graysville, bivouacking at that place that night.

On the 27th, I had the advance on Ringgold, picking up several stragglers with my skirmishers.

On the 28th, remained at that place, and on the 29th reached our old camp.

I cannot close this report without expressing my obligations to

