
Captain Warnock for his valuable assistance up to the time he was wounded, and hope that his long and faithful services may meet with their proper reward. He was assisting me, as I had no field officer with me. Color Corpl. James Ellis, Company E, for coolness and courage in the night attack on Lookout Mountain, is especially mentioned.

Respectfully submitted.

A. G. McCOOK,

Colonel Second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain R. J. WAGGENER,

Asst. Adjt. Gen., 1st Brig., 1st Div., 14th Army Corps.

No. 139.

Report of Captain James H. M. Montgomery, Thirty-third Ohio Infantry.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor of making the following report of the operations of my command (Thirty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry) from the morning of the 24th to the evening of the 29th of November, 1863:

We were lying in front of Fort Rousseau, occupying trenches on the morning of the 24th, and about 4 a.m. I received orders to move my regiment to the left and in front of Fort Negley, where I formed in line of battle on the right of Ninety-fourth Ohio and left of Thirty-eighth Indiana, the last-mentioned regiment being on the right of our brigade. We remained in this position until near 3 p.m., when I was ordered to follow Thirty-eighth Indiana, and moved by right flank toward mouth of Chattanooga Creek. We were halted near the old rolling mill, formerly occupied by the reserve of pickets on the right. We remained here near one hour, when I was ordered by Lieutenant Devol to move my regiment forward to where we had a battery planted that was firing upon the enemy, and then report in person to General Carlin, as ordered. I moved forward, halted my regiment near battery, and reported to General Carlin in person. He directed me to move my regiment near the mouth of Chattanooga Creek, and prepare some means of crossing over the brigade. I moved the regiment to within 30 paces of the creek, stacked arms, and had a sergeant and 12 privates detailed to make a floating bridge on which to cross. While engaged tearing up railroad track to procure ties to build said bridge, a captain from Eighteenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry arrived at mouth of creek with a boat capable of carrying 80 men at one load. I left the sergeant and 12 privates that I had detailed to build bridge with boat to man it, and went over with Companies A, F, D, and I, of my regiment, first load, and moved up the Lookout Mountain far enough to give room for the other companies of my regiment, which were crossed over immediately. I was then ordered by Colonel B. F. Scribner to follow him with my regiment up the mountain. I followed him about 300 yards up the mountain to a road leading round toward Lookout Valley, where I was ordered to halt, and remained here

