
about five minutes, when General Carlin came up and ordered me to follow him with my regiment. We moved direct up the mountain in the direction of the battle that was raging near white house, and was part of the time under fire from the enemy, and before reaching said house I had 1 man killed and 2 wounded. I was ordered to and formed my regiment on right of our brigade, and immediately above and to the rear of white house, in the rear of rebel rifle-pits. I remained here under fire for one hour and a half, when I was ordered by General Carlin to move farther up the mountain in company with Thirty-eighth Indiana, and relieve two regiments of General Geary's division. I moved off in front and reached the foot of cliffs in single file along east side of mountain, about one-fourth of a mile, and relieved an Iowa regiment. We remained here the remainder of the night, and did not fire a gun, for we were above the enemy and our forces that were fighting, and the One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Regiment was in our front as skirmishers.

About sunrise on the morning of the 25th, I was ordered by Lieutenant Carlin to move forward and form line of battle, facing south, about 200 yards in front of us. I did so,and threw companies A and F, in charge of Lieutenant Fitzwilliams, to the front as skirmishers. We remained here in this position until near 11 a.m., when I was ordered to move by left flank, and follow Thirty-eighth Indiana. I followed said regiment along mountain, and recrossed Chattanooga Creek where we had crossed on previous evening. After all our brigade had recrossed, we marched by the right flank up in front of our center works, and formed line of battle, facing Missionary Ridge. My regiment was the left of second line, and covered Ninety-fourth Ohio (right of first line), 200 yards in rear of said regiment. The Thirty-eighth Indiana was on my right. We stacked arms and rested here about ten minutes, when we were called to attention, and moved forward in line of battle toward Missionary Ridge.

The ground we moved over was covered with underbrush and fallen timber for several hundred yards, and in places so uneven that I could not see the Thirty-eighth Indiana on my right, and I found it difficult to keep in line with that regiment. At one time I overtook the Ninety-fourth Ohio, of front line, and I halted, thinking I had got in advance of my proper line, but was shortly informed, by Captain De Bruin, provost-marshal of our brigade, that the Thirty-eighth Indiana was far in advance. I immediately moved my regiment by the right flank until I uncovered the Ninety-fourth Ohio, then moved it by left flank to the front in haste until I came up, and again formed in line on the left of Thirty-eighth Indiana, which was then at a halt. I then moved forward with our entire brigade across open field, under fire, to foot of Missionary Ridge, to the enemy's rifle-pits, where we were halted for a moment to rest. We then were ordered forward. My regiment crossed the rifle-pits and moved forward nobly under a deadly destructive fire from the enemy of both musketry and artillery. We pushed forward up the ridge until the Ninety-fourth Ohio on our left halted, and Thirty-eighth Indiana on our right also, when I ordered my men to lie down to rest. At this time some one on my left shouted "fall back." Then part of my regiment fell back to rifle-pits at foot of ridge. I then went back

