
to rifle-pits and remained there a few minutes and again received orders to move forward. We then moved forward to the main top of Missionary Ridge in good order, having lost 6 men killed and 27 wounded in the charge up the ridge. We fired a volley into the retreating rebels in our front, who were crossing another ridge in great confusion. We were ordered by Lieutenant Carlin to build temporary breastworks, which, being completed, we built fires and rested during the night.

About 11 a.m. on the 26th, I was ordered to follow Thirty-eighth Indiana, which moved off by right flank toward Chickamauga Creek. We marched by flank about 4 miles,when we were halted and stacked arms. In a few minutes I was ordered by Lieutenant Carlin to take a sergeant and 15 or 20 men of my regiment and proceed to creek and construct a bridge to cross our infantry over, as soon as possible. I reported as ordered with a sergeant and 15 men, but finding this force too small I ordered up my entire regiment, and, assisted by others, constructed a bridge in less than two hours, when I fell in with my regiment and followed the Eighty-eighth Indiana over Chickamauga, and continued to follow said regiment, or march in line of battle on left of said regiment, until after dark, when I was ordered to form in rear of Eighty-eighth Indiana (which was halted), the Second Ohio Regiment forming on my left. We remained here one hour or more, when we moved forward in line of battle until we came to road leading to Graysville, Ga. Here we were halted and remained about thirty minutes, when I was ordered to follow Second Ohio. Marching by left flank, we moved about 1 mile in the direction of Graysville, when we formed line of battle,my right resting on Graysville road and Second Ohio on my left. We moved forward in line of battle about 1 mile, when we encountered obstructions. We then moved by right flank, filed left, and marched in rear of Ninety-fourth Ohio. Obstructions being passed, I brought my regiment by battalion into line of battle to the town of Graysville, where we were halted. I was then ordered by Lieutenant Vance to move in rear of Ninety-fourth Ohio, stack arms, and rest, which I did, the remainder of the night.

On the morning of the 27th, I was ordered to and followed Eighty-eighth Indiana, marching by flank to within 1 mile of Ringgold; then in line of battle on left of Eighty-eighth Indiana to railroad near the town, where we halted and lay under fire until the enemy were driven from the heights in front of us. We remained here that afternoon, night, and the following day and night, and on the 29th returned to our camp at Chattanooga, Tennessee, following Eighty-eighth Indiana.

The officers and the non-commissioned officers and privates under my command behaved gallantly, nobly braving danger and enduring sufferings without a murmur.

Inclosed I send list of killed, wounded, and missing,* with name, rank, and company.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. M. MONTGOMERY,

Captain, Comdg. Thirty-third Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain R. J. WAGGENER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p.84.

---------------

