
No. 140.

Report of Major Rue P. Hutchins, Ninety-fourth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-FOURTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-fourth Regiment Ohio Volunteers in the operations before Chattanooga:

About 3 a.m. on the 24th instant, the regiment moved from the rifle-pits in front of the camp and took position in front of Fort Negley as third battalion in line of the brigade. From this position we moved by the right flank toward the rolling-mill picket station.

At sundown moved across Chattanooga Creek, ascended Lookout Mountain, and at about 7 p.m. took position in the rifle-pits just below the white house, throwing out two companies (B and G) as a reserve for the pickets on our left front. In this position we passed the night, and about 9 a.m., 25th instant, moved by the right flank in rear of Second Ohio, down the mountain, and took position on the left of the Rossville road beyond the former stations of the rebel pickets, the Ninety-fourth being on the extreme right of the front line.

A company under command of Captain Gibson, Company G, was thrown out as skirmishers, and at about 4 p.m. we were ordered to advance. Moving forward through a thick undergrowth to the edge of the plain, we were joined on the right by the Thirty-third Ohio, and marched in double-quick to the first line of the enemy's works. These being of little or no use as a protection from the shot of the enemy, the regiment was ordered up to the second line of works near the tents and houses of the rebels. Reaching this point, many fell completely exhausted with the long distance over which we had passed in double-quick. Resting here for a few moments, the regiment again advanced, under a heavy fire of grape, canister, and musketry, to the foot of the ridge.

From this place each man strove for himself to reach the top, the position being such as to render all efforts to move in line useless. All reached the summit, and were formed with the brigade, except the wounded, those detailed to take charge of them, and one solitary member of the regiment. With the brigade the regiment lay on the ridge until about 11 a.m., 26th, when we took up the line of march, moving down the valley east of the ridge toward the Ringgold road.

Just after dusk we turned off this road, taking a by-road on our left, and about 7 p.m. took position in line in an open field with a heavy wood on our front and a creek on our right, the Ninety-fourth forming the extreme right of the line of the brigade.

A little after 8 p.m. moved forward in line of battle to the Graysville road, and took position on the left of the Second Brigade. Soon after 10 p.m. moved with the brigade toward Graysville, and reached the banks of the Chickamauga opposite that place about 11.30 p.m. Here we rested half an hour, made some coffee, and were then ordered out on picket. Two companies (C and D), under Captain Edmonds, Company C, were sent to the railroad bridge, about three-quarters of a mile up the river.

Four companies were thrown across the river to picket in Graysville, relieving Forty-second Indiana at both places. I also sent out a scouting party of 10 men, under Lieutenant Mitchell, with instructions

