
to examine the ridge beyond the river for artillery. They returned without discovering any, bringing with them 10 prisoners.

At daylight (27th) the pickets were called in, and at 7 a.m. took up the line of march, moving up the river to the railroad bridge and then to the right, striking the Ringgold road about 2 1/2 miles from Graysville. At about 9 a.m. formed line of battle in the woods on the left of the road about 1 1/2 miles from Ringgold. Moved in line to the Chattanooga road, then by the right flank across the bridge over the Chickamauga, reformed line of battle and moved up to within a short distance of the railroad.

From this position we were moved to the left of the brigade and formed line of battle, protecting the left flank. At 10 a.m. the regiment was ordered down the railroad and took position on the left of Forty-second Indiana and right of Davis' division, throwing out one company, under Lieutenant Michell, as skirmishers. We remained here until about 11.30 a.m., Sunday, 29th, when we moved with the brigade for Chattanooga, coming in via Rossville. Arrived in camp about 6 p.m., the regiment much wearied with the long and fatiguing pursuit, but in excellent spirits and health.

My loss in killed and wounded was very light, 1 killed and 16 wounded; 10 severely, 6 slightly. Captain McLaughlin, Company B, was struck on the shoulder on Wednesday while nobly performing his duty. For names see accompanying report.*

To mention the names of any of my officers would be an injustice to the others. All did their duty well and gallantly. The behavior of my men was all that I could ask. Every man, with the exception already mentioned, showed determined courage and steady perseverance, exhibiting the most daring attributes of American soldiers.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUE P. HUTCHINS,

Major, Comdg. Ninety-fourth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain R. J. WAGGENER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 141.

Report of Colonel William L. Stoughton, Eleventh Michigan Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.
HDQRS. 2nd BRIGADE, 1ST DIVISION, 14TH ARMY CORPS,Chattanooga, December 5, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the forces under my command in the action of the 25th ultimo, and the subsequent pursuit of the enemy:

During the forenoon of that day, the brigade was withdrawn from the picket line and formed in front of the Rossville road. The right wing, composed of the First and Second Battalions of the Fifteenth and Eighteenth, the Sixteenth and Nineteenth Infantry, was placed under the immediate command of Major Edie, and the left, composed of the Sixty-ninth Ohio, Nineteenth Illinois, and Eleventh Michigan Volunteers, under the command of Colonel Moore. About 1 p.m., by your orders, I moved the brigade to the left and closed on the right of General Sheridan's division, the First Brigade of this division closing on our right and completing the line of attack.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

