
[CHAP. XLIII.

Howard moves by the old Alabama road, and Davis and Blair by the Ringgold and Ooltewah road.

Now I hear that the cavalry have already destroyed a large part of the railroad about Cleveland, and I infer from the dispatches that Colonel Duff has shown me that Longstreet is yet (27th) at or near Knoxville, passing rather above Knoxville, and that Sam. Jones is coming to him from Abingdon. General Hooker also has sent me a copy of his report to you, that Bragg is collecting his army at Tunnel Hill, and that he has held on to Palmer. Now these may change your plans. If so, send me orders via Tyner's and Ooltewah. It may be imprudent to spread too much. That was Rosecrans' mistake, and we should not commit it.

Unless I receive orders I will go to Calhoun, and find out something definite about Longstreet, and if he is coming down we must thwart him. I don't like to see Hooker alarmed, but it would be prudent to have the road cleared of all the trains, ambulances, caissons, &amp;c., that are now sticking in the mud. Hooker also has too much artillery to move with anything like expedition.

Yours, truly,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General.

GRAYSVILLE, GA., November 28, 1863.

Major General JOSEPH HOOKER,

Commanding Right Wing, Army in the Field:

General Sherman will start with his force for Loudon, leaving to-morrow morning. You will remain where you are during the 29th and 30th, or advance toward Dalton, if you find it practicable to do so without a battle. Should you be able to get a force into Dalton, destroy all materials that might be used in the support of an army.

The object in remaining where you are is to protect Sherman's flank while he is moving toward Cleveland and Loudon. If, therefore, you should become satisfied that a force of the enemy move up the Dalton and Cleveland road, you will either attack them or move into Dalton behind them after they have passed, as you may regard most favorable.

U. S. GRANT,

Major-General.

RINGGOLD, GA., November 28, 1863- 5 p.m.

Major-General GRANT:

GENERAL: I have received your note regarding General Sherman's movement and my remaining here, and so forth.

This noon an orderly of General Johnston's, as he represented himself, came into our lines and reports the enemy re-enforcing and intrenching at Tunnel Hill. A column of troops from General Joe Johnston, he reports, sent to re-enforce Bragg. That General Cheatham's division was marching back to Tunnel Hill this morning, and that the enemy were advancing this side of Tunnel Hill. There has

