
Our position at this time was partially concealed by the woods. An open field extended thence nearly half a mile to Mission Ridge - a strong position occupied by the enemy, and fortified by a line of rifle-pits about half way up the side and a breastwork on the crest, with cannon planted at intervals.

Between 3 and 4 p.m. orders were received to attack the enemy's works, and the whole line at once advanced. On emerging from the woods the troops were exposed to a heavy fire from the enemy's artillery. The skirmishers covering our front at the same time engaged those of the enemy, driving them in, and the whole line moved rapidly and in admirable order across the field.

On reaching the base of the hill the fire of the enemy, both of infantry and artillery, became still more destructive, and I gave orders to charge the first line of rifle-pits. These were speedily carried, and most of the enemy occupying them were either disabled or captured and sent to the rear. After resting a few minutes for the men to recover their breath and to close up the ranks, the order was passed along the line to charge the enemy's breastworks. At the command the whole line sprung forward in gallant style and moved rapidly up the steep and difficult ascent. When near the crest they dashed forward with a shout of victory, routing the enemy and driving him from his stronghold, and capturing a large number of prisoners and one piece of artillery.

The command bivouacked on the hill during the night, and the next morning formed part of the column which followed in pursuit of the retreating foe. Soon after dark we crossed a small creek 1 mile south of Graysville,and by your direction I formed the brigade in lines of battle and moved through a piece of woods to attack the enemy on a road leading from that place to Ringgold. On approaching the road we surprised and captured his pickets, and learning his position moved promptly forward and made a vigorous attack, capturing over 60 prisoners, 1 flag, 3 pieces of artillery, 2 caissons with horses and equipments complete. One gun dismounted and thrown over the river bank and two caissons abandoned by the enemy in his flight were found the next morning and secured. The captured artillery was known as Ferguson's battery.

We remained at Graysville during the night, and early the next morning one regiment was sent to Chattanooga with the captured artillery and the remainder resumed the march to Ringgold. On arriving at this place a line of battle was immediately formed in front of a range of hills occupied by the enemy. The position was, however, carried by the troops who were engaged when we came up. The command remained here until the 29th ultimo, when, pursuant to orders, we returned to camp at this place.

It would be doing injustice to the troops of this command if I were to close this report without mentioning the noble and gallant manner in which they performed the duties required of them. Although somewhat exhausted by three days' incessant picket duty prior to the battle of Mission Ridge, they neither hesitated nor faltered, but entered into the engagement with the ardor and enthusiasm of fresh troops,not were they last upon the ridge.

Colonel Moore, Sixty-ninth Ohio, and Major Edie, Fifteenth Infantry, are entitled to great credit for their gallantry and efficiency, and the skill and ability with which they handled their respective commands. I desire also to make honorable mention of Captains Keteltas and McManus, commanding First and Second Battalions,

