
fire across the slope of the hill. Just above the rifle-pits I was struck down by a piece of shell, but soon recovering, I found our line slowly advancing in the face of a very destructive fire from the rifle-pits on the crest of the ridge. Under this fire our line, though checked, did not waver. Led by gallant officers, our men continued to advance, and when within a few rods of the summit, raised another shout and rushed forward, driving the enemy from his last stronghold in splendid style. The Nineteenth Illinois and Sixty-ninth Ohio, which were in the first line, did not stop upon the summit, but charged down to the foot of the hill, where, having no support, they halted and reformed. One piece of artillery and a large number of prisoners fell into our hands after reaching the crest; among the latter was the colonel of the Seventh Florida Regiment, who surrendered to Lieutenant-Colonel Raffen, of the Nineteenth Illinois Volunteers.

Without wishing to disparage any other troops where all behaved so nobly, it is due to the regiments of my command to say that they were, if not the first, at least among the very first, to gain the summit. Our colors were among the first planted on the crest, though the color bearers of both the Sixty-ninth Ohio and Nineteenth Illinois fell mortally wounded before they had enjoyed what they so richly deserved-the satisfaction of seeing the standards they had so honorably borne waving over Mission Ridge. The colors of the Sixty-ninth Ohio were taken up and borne forward, after the fall of the color sergeant, by Lieutenant Frederick E. Wilson, of Company H, and those of the Nineteenth Illinois by Captain David F. Bremmer, of Company E, of their respective regiments. Taking into consideration the fact that when they went into this action both officers and men were worn out by want of rest, and fatigue and exposure, their conduct in this memorable charge is beyond all praise.

In consequence of the injury I had received, I left the field that night, and though I joined the brigade the next day, I did not take active command of these regiments in their further operations.

It is exceedingly difficult, where the conduct of all, or nearly all, of the officers was so gallant, to particularize any without doing injustice to others. Lieutenant-Colonel Raffen, commanding the Nineteenth Illinois; Major J. J. Hanna, commanding the Sixty-ninth Ohio, and Captain P. H. Keegan, commanding the Eleventh Michigan, led their regiments in the charge,and all of them, together with Major Guthrie, of the Nineteenth Illinois, were conspicuous for their gallantry. The same could be said with equal justice of most of the line officers of each of these regiments.

To Captain James W. Forsyth, Captain Mulligan, Lieutenant Litchfield and Lyster, of the brigade staff, I am indebted for prompt and valuable assistance and support while I was in command of the brigade.

The whole strength of the three regiments present in the engagement was 44 commissioned officers, 693 enlisted men. Of these, 19 were killed and 85 wounded. Total number brought out of the engagement, 633. For more particular classification of casualties, see accompanying tabular statement.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. F. MOORE,

Colonel 69th Ohio Vol. Infantry, Comdg. Demi-Brigade.

Captain JAMES W. FORSYTH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found; but see revised statement, p.84.

---------------

