
No. 144.

Report of Captain Patrick H. Keegan, Eleventh Michigan Infantry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH MICHIGAN INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS,Rossville, Ga., December 4, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment during the late battle in front of Chattanooga.

On the morning of the 25th of November, the regiment was relieved from picket duty and placed in position in front of the enemy near the Rossville road. About 3 p.m. of the same day it went into action, being placed on the left of the second line of battle of the brigade. When near the open field in front of Missionary Ridge, Major B. G. Bennet, then commanding the regiment, requested me to take the command, which I did. Major Bennet then acted as second in command up to the time he was killed.

After moving a short distance into the open field above spoken of, the enemy opened upon us a deadly fire of artillery, the range of their fire being so perfect I thought it to be best to move rapidly forward and thereby get from their artillery fire. The regiment did not halt until it had arrived at the first line of the enemy's rifle-pits at the foot of the ridge.

Arriving at this point I found the first line of the brigade hotly engaged with the enemy, they holding the pits. I then moved the regiment forward (double-quick) without any particular regard to order, and contesting the hill till the enemy retreated. Arriving at the top of the hill, I again formed the regiment.

The force of the regiment at the time of going into action was as follows, viz, 11 commissioned officers, 244 non-commissioned officers and privates. The casualties were as follows: Killed, 1 commissioned officer (Major Bennet) and 5 enlisted men; wounded, 3 commissioned officers (Captains Bissell and Keegan and Lieutenant Rossiter) and 25 enlisted men; aggregate killed, 6; aggregate wounded, 28; aggregate killed and wounded, 34; missing, none.

On the morning of the 26th of November, I moved with the brigade to near Graysville, Ga., and there assisted in the capture of the artillery and prisoners taken by the Second Brigade, First Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

On the 27th of November, the regiment returned to Chattanooga in charge of the prisoners and artillery captured the evening before. On the return, 18 more prisoners were taken and brought to Chattanooga.

There were no losses in the regiment after the 25th of November.

I have the honor, colonel, to remain, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. KEEGAN,

Captain, Comdg. Eleventh Michigan Infantry Volunteers.

Colonel MOORE,

Commanding Second Demi-Brigade.

No. 145.

Report of Major James J. Hanna, Sixty-ninth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTY-NINTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, December 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following of the part taken by the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the operations

