
in front of Chattanooga November 25, and the subsequent march in pursuit of the enemy:

On the morning of November 25, the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, being then on outpost duty, was withdrawn and ordered to report to Station No. 5. There the brigade was formed and eventually took up position to the right of Sheridan's division, the Sixty-ninth forming part of the left center of the first line of battle, as formed in the woods to the west of Missionary Ridge. Here Company I was thrown out as skirmishers,and the command being given, the regiment charged through the woods and across the open field which separates them from the ridge, gaining the first line of rifle-pits without casualties. After a few moments' rest in the pit, the command "charge" was again given, the regiment rose, the colors a few paces in advance, charged up the hill and gained the height, and the colors of the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, being the first of the division, planted on the ridge, notwithstanding a few seconds' delay caused by the death of Color Sergeant Wetzel, Company F, who fell 25 yards from the summit mortally wounded. The regiment sustained a loss of 7 killed and 36 wounded, 4 of the latter mortally.

The following morning, four days' short rations and 100 rounds of ammunition having been issued to the command, the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteers took up the line of march in pursuit of the enemy, their position being immediately in the rear of the regular battalions of the brigade. About 9 p.m., being then about 2 miles from Graysville, marching by the right flank, the command was given to form rapidly and quietly into line with a view to attacking a portion of the enemy's train, which was reported a short distance ahead; this was done, and the regiment moved on in line of battle as well as the accidents of the country permitted.

Suddenly, on debouching from the woods, the Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry came upon a rebel camp immediately in front. The command to halt and dress was quietly given, and a well-directed volley poured into the camp. This was rapidly followed by a charge, and the regiment succeeded in capturing several prisoners (part of General Stewart's division, the rest escaping under cover of the night), 1 stand of colors, 3 pieces of artillery, and 1 caisson (part of Ferguson's battery), which was mired and abandoned by the rebels in their flight. These facts being reported to Colonel Stoughton, commanding brigade, he immediately detailed two companies each from the Sixty-ninth Ohio and Eleventh Michigan Volunteers to bring out the pieces, the working party being supported and covered by the right wing of the Sixty-ninth.

The regiment bivouacked that night near Graysville, and marched the following day to Ringgold, Ga., where, forming line of battle, they lay in reserve during the fight between Osterhaus' division and the enemy; lay at Ringgold that night and following day.

At 8 p.m., November 28, the Sixty-ninth was ordered on grand guard duty on White Oak Ridge, and were drawn in about 11 a.m. of the 29th. Their division having already marched, the Sixty-ninth returned to camp in rear of Baird's division, making Chattanooga at 6 p.m., November 29.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES J. HANNA,

Major, Commanding Sixty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Colonel M. F. MOORE,

Second Brigade.

