
[Inclosure.]

List of casualties of First Battalion, Eighteenth U. S. Infantry, during the engagement at Missionary Ridge, November 25, 1863: Commissioned officers in action, 10. Enlisted men: Killed, 1; wounded, 15; in action, 176.

No. 148.

Report of Brig. General Jefferson C. Davis, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, including march to the relief of Knoxville.
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FOURTEENTH ARMY CORPS,McAfee Church, Ga., April 1, 1863.

MAJOR:I have the honor to submit the following report of the part performed by this division during the operations which resulted in driving the enemy's forces from their position on Mission Ridge in front of Chattanooga; also its participation in the campaign to Knoxville and return, under command of Major-General Sherman, for the relief of the troops under Major-General Burnside:

Upon the reorganization of the Army of the Cumberland, subsequent to the battle of Chickamauga, the troops principally composing this division were much scattered over the wide district of country embracing Stevenson, Bridgeport, Anderson's Cross-Roads, mouth of the North Chickamauga, and from thence occupying a number of small posts along the north bank of the Tennessee River as far as Smith's Ferry, at which point our lines connected with those of General Burnside in East Tennessee. This scattered condition of the troops and the excessively bad condition of the roads at this season of the year rendered the procurement of supplies necessary to equip them for active operations a very difficult task.

On the 19th November, in compliance with verbal instructions from department headquarters, I commenced to concentrate my command on the Tennessee River at Caldwell's Crossing, 4 miles above Chattanooga, and opposite the point on Mission Ridge against which it was intended the forces under Major-General Sherman should operate. My troops arrived in good season, but owing to the non-arrival of a part of General Sherman's command, delayed by heavy rains and bad roads, the crossing was deferred until the morning of the 24th. This unavoidable delay, however vexatious, was not time entirely lost, not an hour was unemployed in making arrangements and perfecting our plans for crossing. This was done in boats launched in the mouth of the North Chickamauga Creek at the camp of Colonel McCook's brigade. A large share of the labor in bringing forward and launching the boats and preparing them for the enterprise devolved upon Colonel Daniel McCook's command. In the execution of this work great caution and secrecy was necessary, and much praise is due Colonel McCook and staff for the admirable manner in which it was accomplished.

The batteries of my command were placed in position to assist, in conjunction with others, in covering the landing of the troops on the opposite shore. The first crossing was accomplished by a part of General Sherman's command just before daylight on the morning of the 24th. The work of constructing the bridge was at once

