
commenced, and so rapidly was it prosecuted, that by noon my division, following the rear of General Sherman's command, had crossed and taken position, as directed by General Sherman, in advance of Crutchfield's house, in close supporting distance of the troops moving forward and taking possession of Mission Ridge.

With but slight changes, made from time to time to conform to the movements of General Sherman's troops in their operations on Mission Ridge, my command remained in this position as reserve troops until the night of the 25th.

None of my troops participated in the engagement on Mission Ridge except Battery I, Second Illinois Light Artillery. This battery, under command of Lieutenant Plant, was ordered to the front and took position near the base of the ridge and opened fire on the enemy's batteries upon the hill with great spirit. A sharp fire was returned by the enemy's artillery, but owing to the height of the hill upon which his batteries were placed, his fire was very ineffectual, passing too high to do any damage. Supported by General Ewing's division, this battery maintained its position night.

About midnight, the 25th, I received orders to cross the South Chickamauga Creek, and move up the north bank in the direction of Chickamauga Station. The movement was commenced at once. Crossing the stream on a small pontoon bridge, already built near its mouth, I proceeded up the north bank until the crossing of the road leading from Chattanooga to Harrison was reached. The fog had by this time become so thick it was impossible to proceed farther without great risk. The troops were ordered to make coffee and get their breakfast.

Shortly after daylight Major-General Howard arrived and reported his (Eleventh) corps moving on the same road close in rear of my command.

About 8 a.m. the fog began to rise, and I put the troops in motion. The enemy's cavalry was soon discovered, but made little resistance until the head of Morgan's brigade reached the railroad at its crossing with Chickamauga Creek.

The Twenty-first Kentucky Regiment, deployed as skirmishers, found the enemy disposed to fight at this point, but after a sharp skirmish of a few rounds were driven back, and retreated in the direction of the station.

Prisoners here taken informed me of the general retreat of Bragg's army from Mission Ridge.

Chickamauga Station was now in full view, presenting a couple of formidable looking field-works, with a large plain intervening over which we were compelled to move in a direct attack.

A few shells thrown from a section of Battery I, Second Illinois Light Artillery, failed to bring a reply, and I ordered Morgan to advance his skirmishers. The Twenty-first Kentucky Regiment moved forward in a beautiful skirmish line, and, when reaching the suburbs of the town,encountered the enemy in a very sharp skirmish.

The flames which by this time began to issue from the burning buildings indicated the character of the retreat, and I ordered the skirmishers to push the attack into the town. This was handsomely done, closely supported by the remainder of Morgan's brigade.

Colonel Price, commanding the regiment, assisted by Lieutenant-Colonel Evans, pressed the enemy so closely through the burning town that he was compelled to abandon considerable property undestroyed.

