
McCook pushed forward with two regiments of his brigade, and formed on Beatty's right and rear in close supporting distance. The other two regiments of McCook's brigade I ordered to push forward and form immediately on Beatty's left, which order was promptly executed at the double-quick.

Morgan came promptly up in reserve in excellent line of battle. I was much tempted to make a general attack, but it was now quite dark, and no reconnaissance had been or could be made of the enemy's position or forces; a night attack was not, therefore, prudent, under the circumstances.

The enemy's forces proved, from information derived from prisoners taken after the engagement, to be two brigades and a field battery, commanded by Brigadier-General Maney, who was himself severely wounded in the engagement.

In this engagement the brigade of General Beatty did most of the fighting and behaved with excellent courage.

Owing to the darkness of the evening, which set in before the troops had got fairly to work, the loss was very small on both sides. The troops lay on their arms during the night, and at daylight in the morning resumed the pursuit, Colonel McCook's brigade in the advance.

In compliance with orders, I took the Graysville road, and about 8.30 o'clock formed a junction with General Palmer's forces at that place. Here General Howard's corps was ordered to take the advance, and marched for Parker's Gap. Following the Eleventh Corps, I arrived at Parker's Gap about noon, and while awaiting the passage of General Howard's command through the gap, I directed the troops to stack arms and get dinner. McCook's skirmishers, in the meantime, taking the road to Ringgold, opened communication with General Hooker's command, the engaging the enemy at that place, in doing which 152 prisoners were captured by them.

During the remainder of the afternoon, in compliance with instructions, I held my troops in readiness to support General Howard or Hooker, as might be required, and at night bivouacked midway between Parker's Gap and Ringgold.

The following day (28th) I moved to Parker's Gap, and went into camp, awaiting instructions.

On the morning of the 29th, in compliance with orders received during the night, I marched for Cleveland, passing through McDaniel's Gap, formed a junction with Howard's corps at Widow Tucker's, and went into camp 3 miles north of Cleveland late in the evening.

Early on the morning of the 30th, the march was resumed. Taking a road parallel with that occupied by the Eleventh and Fifteenth Corps, I arrived and went into camp 1 mile below the town of Calhoun, on the Hiwassee.

The 1st December, I crossed the Hiwassee at Calhoun, and again taking a collateral road, I went into camp on Mouse Creek, at Buckner's Mill.

The 2nd December, continued the march and went into camp 5 miles beyond King and Alexander's cotton factories, near the farm of Major Small (an officer in the Federal Army), and the next day, 3rd December, reached the Tennessee River at Loudon, camping on the farm of Widow Lenoir, 1 1/2 miles from the town.

On the 4th December, marched up the river and joined the Fifteenth and part of the Fourth Corps at Morganton.

