
[Inclosure.]

Casualties in the Second Division; Fourteenth Army Corps, from November 24 to December 19, 1863:

First Brigade, commanded by Brig. General J. D. Morgan, enlisted men wounded, 9. Second Brigade, commanded by Colonel J. G. Mitchell, commissioned officers wounded, 1; enlisted men killed, 3; enlisted men wounded, 16; enlisted men missing, 1. Third Brigade, commanded by Colonel Daniel McCook, enlisted men killed, 2; enlisted men wounded, 4; enlisted men missing, 5. Aggregate, 41.

[Indorsements.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, April 21, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded to headquarters Military Division of the Mississippi, with expression of gratification at the able manner in which General Davis commands his division, and the excellent service rendered by the same.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General, U. S. Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. MILITARY DIVISION OF THE MISSISSIPPI,Nashville, Tennessee, April 22, 1864.

Approved, and forwarded to the Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, to form part of my official report already there.

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

No. 149.

Report of Brig. General James D. Morgan, U. S. Army, commanding First Brigade, including march to the relief of Knoxville.
HDQRS. 1ST BRIG., 2nd DIV., 14TH ARMY CORPS,Camp near Rossville, Ga., December 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from division headquarters, I have the honor herewith to report the part taken by my brigade in the late successful and glorious campaign.

In accordance with orders received from division headquarters early on the morning of the 20th ultimo, at 2 p.m. of that day I marched with two regiments of my command, the Tenth and Sixtieth Illinois, from near Dallas to the white house (Caldwell's) on the north side of Tennessee River, 4 miles above Chattanooga, arriving at 7 p.m., and bivouacked for the night.

On the 21st, the Twenty-first Kentucky Infantry, Colonel Price, having been temporarily attached to my command, reported for duty.

On the 22nd, the Tenth Michigan Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Dickerson commanding, arrived from Smith's Ferry, some 58 miles, having made a forced march in accordance with orders in first-rate time.

On the 24th, at 2 p.m., crossed the Tennessee River at the right of the division, and bivouacked during the night in line of the battle near

