
the base of Missionary Ridge in rear of and as a reserve to the forces of General Sherman, remaining during the 25th in same order.

At 2 a.m. on the morning of the 26th, at the right of the division, my brigade crossed the Chickamauga near its confluence with the Tennessee River, and commenced our march on Chickamauga Station in the following order: Three companies of the Twenty-first Kentucky as advance guard, two of them deployed as skirmishers and flankers, the remaining companies of the regiment on the right of the column; the Sixtieth Illinois right center; the Tenth Michigan left center, and the Tenth Illinois on the left. The advance met the enemy's pickets about 2 miles to the north and west of the station, and drove them steadily thorough the timber and across an open field to a ridge about 1 mile this side of the station. At this point, by order of General Davis, the remaining seven companies of the Twenty-first Kentucky were deployed as skirmishers, and line of battle formed; the Sixtieth Illinois on the right, its right resting on the railroad; the Tenth Michigan in the center, and Tenth Illinois on the left. The skirmishing line was then advanced, assisted by two sections of Barnett's battery, the enemy giving way, but showing considerable resistance. Upon reaching the high ground a short distance this side of the station, and within easy range from the heights of Pigeon Ridge, the line was halted, and a reconnaissance being made, it was discovered that a battery of the enemy was in position at the foot of the ridge, which soon opened its fire upon our line. Our battery was rapidly brought forward, and getting the range in a short time silenced that of the enemy, the three regiments of my brigade pushing forward a line of battle and in most admirable order. The Tenth Illinois, Colonel Tillson commanding, was then ordered forward to relieve the Twenty-first Kentucky. This fine regiment was promptly deployed as skirmishers, and moved forward, and upon reaching the line of the enemy's fire, with a cheer, in which the Twenty-first Kentucky most heartily joined, both regiments most gallantly charged up the ridge, and was soon in possession of the heights. Upon arriving at the station everything indicated a hasty retreat. The depot was in flames, with one or two other buildings containing commissary stores, but a large amount of commissary and quartermaster's stores fell into our hands, together with four siege guns, pontoon-boats, prisoners, &amp;c. After a short halt, moved forward again, my brigade on the left. After advancing some 3 miles, the right became engaged, and, by orders from General Davis, my brigade was deployed and moved forward in line of battle to the support of the Second and Third Brigades; bivouacked in line of battle and moved early next morning on Ringgold road, my brigade in the center, and bivouacked 2 miles east of that place,having marched 7 miles.

On 28th, moved north on Harrison road 3 miles, and bivouacked for the night.

On 29th, marched 17 miles to near Cleveland.

On 30th,marching 14 miles, bivouacking near Charleston.

December 1, marched through Charleston, and bivouacked near Buckley's Mills.

On 2nd, marched 20 miles, and bivouacked near Major Small's.

On 3rd, marched 19 miles, and bivouacked at Widow Lenoir's.

On 4th, marched 14 miles, through Loudon to the Little Tennessee opposite Morganton.

On 5th, at 4 p.m., with my brigade, crossed the Little Tennessee,

