
and marched 5 miles; bivouacked at Mr. Townsend's, on main Knoxville road.

On 6th, marched 6 miles toward Maryville, when orders were received from division headquarters to return to Morganton, recrossing the Little Tennessee; bivouacked for the night.

On 7th, marched 15 miles, through Madisonville, and bivouacked 5 miles south of that place.

On 8th, marched 22 miles, and bivouacked at Columbus, remaining there the 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, 13th, and 14th.

On 12th,the Twenty-first Kentucky moved to Boyd's Mill, near Benton, on the Ocoee River.

On 15th, marched 24 miles, and, passing through Charleston, bivouacked near McReynolds'.

On 16th, marched 17 miles, and bivouacked near railroad bridge, on Chickamauga.

On 18th, marched 10 miles, through Chattanooga,and, crossing the Tennessee River, arrived at camp at the white house at 10 p.m., thus terminating an active and successful campaign of twenty-nine days.

In closing this report, I wish to testify to and express my approbation as well as admiration of the soldier-like conduct of my whole command-commissioned and non-commissioned officers and privates. Men who in winter can march nearly 250 miles, many of them barefooted, poorly clad, without camp or garrison equipage, and frequently on short rations, without complaint, but, on the contrary, with cheerfulness an spirit, are certainly soldiers and patriots, and deserve not only the thanks of their officers but of the whole nation, whose cause they so well and faithfully serve.

To the members of my staff I am under great obligations for their prompt and cheerful attention to duty. Captain Wiseman, my assistant adjutant-general, on the morning of the 26th, was constantly with the skirmishers, and rendered important service, and during our halt at Columbus took charge of a party sent to capture a gang of bushwhackers, several of whom were taken, and their rendezvous burned. Major Petri, my engineer officer; Captain Race, acting assistant inspector-general, and Captain Stinson, provost-marshall, were almost constantly in the saddle, not only attending to their own particular duty, but any other the service required. Lieutenant Waterman, my aide-de-camp, in the absence of Lieutenant Pyatt, my commissary officer, was temporarily assigned to that duty, and was by vigilance and energy eminently successful in procuring supplies for the command. Captain Powell, in command of the scouts, as usual, was always on duty, and rendered important service, not only to the brigade, but to the whole command. Lieutenant Coe, quartermaster, and Lieutenant Pyatt, commissary of subsistence, were both of them active during the absence of the command, in procuring supplies in anticipation of its wants upon its return. Both of the officers have served upon my staff for nearly two years, and I consider it my duty as well as pleasure to recommend them for promotion, as they are prompt, faithful, and competent.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

JAMES D. MORGAN,

Brigadier-General.

Captain T. W. MORRISON,

A. A. G., Second Division, Fourteenth Army Corps.

32 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

