
has maintained a confidence in its endurance and prowess that has been of incalculable benefit.

I have the honor, captain, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. PRICE,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-first Kentucky Volunteers.

Captain THEODORE WISEMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 151.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Oscar Van Tassell, Thirty-fourth Illinois Infantry, Second Brigade, including march to the relief of Knoxville.
HDQRS. THIRTY-FOURTH ILLINOIS VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 26, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the Thirty-fourth Regiments Illinois Volunteers in the late campaign:

From the 23rd until the evening of the 25th ultimo, the regiment remained on outpost on the north bank of the Tennessee, opposite Lookout.

On the evening of November 25, in compliance with orders, I marched with my regiment and joined the brigade, then lying near the mouth of Chickamauga Creek.

On the 26th November, the regiment moved with the brigade, crossing the Chickamauga at the mouth and advancing up the right bank of that stream. Late in the afternoon, when below Chickamauga Station, my regiment was for a short time engaged. While crossing a marsh near the border of a wood, the rebels began throwing shell, some of which fell near us, and 1 man was slightly wounded by a fragment. I ordered my regiment forward at a double-quick, passed a section of artillery that had halted in the road, and coming out of the wood I formed line of battle on the left of a regiment already in action, and fired from this line till General Beatty ordered the firing to cease. I was then ordered to move forward, and having advanced a short distance, I was directed by General Beatty to take a house, behind which some of the rebels had been sheltered. This order was promptly executed, the regiment crossing the intervening field at a double-quick. I was afterward directed to hold this position, and remained at the house till after nightfall. I have no casualties to report.

November 27, the regiment marched with the brigade to the vicinity of Ringgold, Ga., and remained there until the 29th ultimo, at which time it started ont eh expedition into East Tennessee, halting the first night near Cleveland, crossing the Hiwassee at Charleston on the morning of December 1, passing through Loudon December 4, and arriving at Morganton the same day.

On the 5th instant, I was ordered to take charge of mills near Morganton. Sent the left wing of the regiment, under Major Miller, to Robinson's Mill, and went with the right wing to Johnson's Mill. The regiment was on duty at these mills until evening of

