
the 7th instant, procuring and grinding grain, and forwarding the flour and meal for the use of the division. The corn ground was principally taken from the field, and was to be husked and shelled before grinding.

The regiment joined the brigade south of Madisonville at 10 p. m. of December 7, having marched about 15 miles in five hours.

December 8, my regiment moved with the brigade to Columbus, Tennessee, and, in compliance with the orders of General Beatty, entered the town a little in advance of the division.

On the 9th instant, I was directed to take possession of Scarborough Mill, on Chestura Creek, and of rebel commissary stores at that place. This mill was kept in operation night and day till the morning of December 15, when, in accordance with the orders of General Beatty, I marched the regiment by the most direct route to Charleston. Thenceforward my regiment was with the brigade, and arrived at Chattanooga December 18, and on the morning of the 19th recrossed the Tennessee to former camp.

During the expedition the men of my regiment suffered considerable inconvenience and discomfort from lack of sufficient clothing, especially of shoes. A number of them were quite barefoot on our return march.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSCAR VAN TASSELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-fourth Illinois Volunteers

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Brig., Second Div., Fourteenth Army Corps.

No. 152.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Carter Van Vleck, Seventy-eighth Illinois Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Near Rossville, Ga., December 30, 1863.

GENERAL: Pursuant to your directions, I forward you the following statement of the part taken by my command in the recent campaign:

I returned to my regiment from a leave of absence on the evening of the 22nd ultimo, and received orders within an hour after my return to have my command ready to march at daylight next morning. We did not move, however, until 3 a. m. Tuesday, the 24th. My regiment, in company with the others of the brigade, moved up the Tennessee River from their camp opposite Chattanooga about 4 miles, where, in connection with the remainder of General Davis' division, we crossed the river and took position, as I understand it, on the extreme left of the rear line of our forces in the battle of Chattanooga, which position we held without an engagement with the enemy until midnight, when we crossed the Chickamauga in pursuit of his retreating columns.

At Chickamauga Station a small force of the enemy was overtaken and engaged by General Morgan's brigade and soon routed. From this place my regiment and brigade were in advance and started in direction of Graysville. About 3 miles beyond the station we came

