
November 26, at 1 a. m., my brigade with the rest of the division was ordered to march in pursuit. About 10 a. m. we began skirmishing with the enemy; at 12 m. Chickamauga Station was carried, my brigade being in the third line. A few moments before dark, General Beatty's brigade, being in advance, began skirmishing with the enemy. At this time the column was involved in a dense, swampy woods. Disregarding all obstacles, the brigade rushed through the swamp, some of the men up to their waists in water. Just as the brigade debouched into the open field General Davis detached the Eighty-sixth Illinois and Fifty-second Ohio and posted them on the extreme left of the front line. These regiments engaged the enemy for a few moments, and drove him from their front. The One hundred and twenty-fifth and Eighty-fifth Illinois were placed in the second line. Darkness and the retiring of the enemy put an end to the contest.

November 27, my brigade being in advance, I deployed eight companies as skirmishers and advanced via Graysville to Ringgold. This day my command took 150 prisoners. With this ended the operations in the pursuit.

November 29, this command began its march to relieve Burnside.

For ten days, without shoes, blankets, or overcoats, and almost without regular rations, it continued the march.

December 7, received orders to begin our march for Chattanooga, at which point we arrived on the 19th of December.

Allow me to congratulate the commanding general upon the fortitude and soldierly bearing of his command. The annals of history afford few instances of such fortitude under such accumulated difficulties.

Allow me to call your attention to my regimental commanders for their gallantry in action, their devotion to the public service.

I take pleasure in calling your attention to the services of Captain George W. Davis, volunteer aide upon my staff. Always foremost in danger, and prompt in discharge of every duty, I commend him to the country and commander of the department.

To the members of my staff, Captains Anderson and Swift, Lieutenants Rogers, Deane, and Batchelder, and Major Hooton, my brigade surgeon, especially I again call your attention.

Inclosed you will find the regimental reports.

My casualties were as follows: 2 killed and 5 wounded.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAN'L McCOOK,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain T. W. MORRISON, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 154.

Report of Colonel Oscar F. Harmon, One hundred and twenty-fifth Illinois Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.
HEADQUARTERS 125TH ILLINOIS INFANTRY,Caldwell's Ford, Tennessee, December 20, 1863.

SIR: In pursuance of orders, I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by my command in driving and pursuing the enemy from Mission Ridge November 24, 25, and 26, 1863:

The regiment crossed the Tennessee River on the pontoon bridge thrown across by General Sherman, at 2 p. m., November 24, at the

