
head of the Third Brigade, and formed in line of battle on the right, about half a mile from the river to the left of Crutchfield's house. At dark a new line was formed near the base of Mission Ridge in the same order, which was held until daylight, when the brigade was moved by the left flank and took up a position in front of the interval between Mission Ridge and Chickamauga River, my command being thrown forward to occupy said interval and watch for the enemy on both sides of the river.

Here I remained until 12 o'clock at night, November 25, when I received orders to march, and followed in rear, in pursuit of the enemy. At sundown the advance of General Davis' division overtook the enemy at Shepherd's Run, and immediately engaged him. My regiment was thrown forward, under fire of the enemy, to support the line engaged, the men moving on a run and shouting to be ordered forward. General Beatty, commanding Second Brigade, at this time asked for aid, and I was ordered to report to him for orders, which I did without delay. The enemy, however, suddenly ceased firing and fell back, and I withdrew to higher ground, and bivouacked for the night. At daylight the next morning Companies B and I were thrown forward as skirmishers, holding the right of the line. The column moved slowly forward, halting near Ringgold, when the pursuit ended.

The skirmish companies, in conjunction with the other six companies thrown forward from the other regiment in the brigade, captured about 150 of the enemy, stragglers and deserters. The regiment also marched within about 20 miles of Knoxville under orders to succor General Burnside, and returned to this camp at midnight, December 18, 1863. The men suffered greater hardships in this march than at any former period.

They are without overcoats, a large share without blankets, many barefooted, and their clothes worn out. In the same length of time I doubt if any army in the history of our country suffered more or as heroically.

I report the following casualties.*

O. F. HARMON,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain E. L. ANDERSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 155.

Report of Major James T. Holmes, Fifty-second Ohio Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTY-SECOND OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Chickamauga Creek, Tennessee, December 19, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by this command in the operations in front of Chattanooga, and on the march toward Knoxville and back to Chickamauga Creek:

November 24, under orders, moved with the brigade at daylight to Caldwell's Ford. At 1 p. m. crossed the pontoon bridge and

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed (accidentally), 4 wounded, and 2 missing.

---------------

