
formed line of battle in front of the first range of rifle-pits. At dusk moved about one-half the distance toward Mission Ridge, then occupied by the forces of General Sherman. Here we lay in line until daylight.

November 25, early in the morning, moved to the foot of Mission Ridge, marching by the right of companies. This position we occupied while the battle raged at Tunnel Hill, immediately in front of our right and along the greater portion of the ridge. Now and then a shell would pass in the vicinity of the regiment, but no one was touched by the missiles.

November 26, at 1 a. m., moved down and crossed at the mouth of Chickamauga River and camped until daylight some distance above the last position, upon the opposite bank of the stream. After daylight moved up the valley in pursuit of the routed and fleeing enemy, who occasionally, by a few shots, attempted to resist the troops in advance, we having formed line of battle four distinct times during the progress of the day, and with the other regiments of the brigade been held well in hand. About an hour before nightfall, at Shepherd's Run, the vanguard being attacked by the rebel rear guard, a brisk firing commenced a short distance in front. This command was, at the time, marching by the right flank and in rear of the Eighty-sixth Illinois. It was also the rear of the brigade. Soon after the fighting commenced, a staff officer, whom I have not since been able to recognize, galloping up, said, "Deploy your men in there," pointing to the right among the brush. I replied, "Mine is the rear regiment of this brigade, and there is my place," pointing to the left of the Eighty-sixth, then marching forward into line. "Well," said he, "you'd better," and off he dashed. Bayonets were fixed and I ordered the regiment forward into line. While moving on double-quick through thick brush, and over logs, fences, and the scarcely fordable stream, it passed with a shout to its place on the left of the Eighty-sixth Illinois. Fighting soon ceased on our right, and we encamped for the night just where we stood in line.

On 27th, early in the morning, I was ordered to send Captain Bucke and two skirmish companies to report to the colonel commanding. I detailed Companies A and B, and sent them in command of the officer mentioned. They returned to the regiment at dusk, having skirmished with the enemy from Shepherd's Run to Ringgold, near which place the regiment encamped for the night.

On 28th, moved past Parker's Gap, about a mile and remained until 29th; moved through McDaniel's Gap, camped near cleared land.

On 30th, encamped in the evening near Charleston.

December 1, crossed the Hiwassee, and moving day after day, excepting one day during which we rested on the left bank of the Little Tennessee, and, having crossed it and 5 miles above the crossing countermarched, we reached Gouldy's Mills, 5 miles from Columbus, on the 8th, where this regiment remained, grinding corn and wheat for the brigade and gathering in bushwhackers, until 15th.

On the 11th, a rebel lieutenant named Kimbrough, with 6 men, captured 1 officer and 1 private of this regiment, together with 4 horses. D. W. Kimbrough, father of the rebel lieutenant, was arrested and held as a hostage for the safety of the officer and private captured.

December 15, the regiment left Gouldy's Mills, and, after steady marching, reached Chickamauga Creek in the night, December 18.

