
tured an unusual number must not only have taken possession of the works in its own front, but must have passed widely to the right and left along the crest before the arrival of other troops. The prisoners whom we captured, most of them, like the guns, were sent to the rear to be taken care of by others less occupied; out of more than 300 taken we have receipts for less than 200. Along with this report will be forwarded one regimental color and one battle-flag, the former captured by Thirty-first Ohio and the latter by the Eleventh Ohio Regiment, of Turchin's brigade. The division also took about 200 stand of small-arms in good condition and several caissons and limbers.

On Thursday morning, in obedience to orders, I made a reconnaissance with the First Brigade as far as the Chickamauga in our front without coming up with the rear of the enemy, and in the afternoon marched in the direction of Ringgold. On Friday morning I reached that place, and joined the other divisions of the corps. We remained at Ringgold without performing any unusual service until Sunday, when we returned to this place.

In the battle of the 25th, in addition to the brave and gallant commander of the Third Brigade, Colonel E. H. Phelps, whose loss to the country, to his family, and to ourselves, his friends, we so much deplore, we have likewise to mourn the loss of many others of our best and bravest officers and men. A list, giving the manes of the killed, wounded, and missing, is appended.*

Of the living, both officers and enlisted men, who have signally distinguished themselves, mention will be found in the sub-reports, upon which my own is based. To present here a consolidated list of them would not add to their renown, and to mention some might be unjust to those overlooked. I trust, however, that some means may be devised for rewarding their distinguished service. A medal or badge of honor for some, and the promotion they so richly deserve for others, might be awarded.

To my brigade commanders, Brigader-General Turchin, of the First, and Colonel Van Derveer, of the Second Brigade, I invite your attention. To their skill, bravery, and high soldierly qualities, e are greatly indebted for the results we were enabled to accomplish. I hope that their services will be rewarded. After the death of Colonel Phelps, the command of the Third Brigade devolved upon Colonel Hays, Tenth Kentucky Infantry, by whom the duty was handsomely performed.

To my staff officers who were with me, Captain McClurg, acting assistant adjutant-general; Major Connolly, inspector-general; Captain Swallow, chief of artillery; Captain Johnson, provost-marshal; Lieutenant White, ordnance officer; Lieutenant Dick, mustering officer; and to my medical director, Surgeon Bogue, I am highly indebted both for services in the field and for the efficient aid which they rendered me.

Respectfully submitted.

A. BAIRD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Fourteenth Corps.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

