
brigade on my right and Colonel Van Derveer's brigade on my left, reaching the rebel rifle-pits at the foot of the ridge and dropping down along the ditches, and I decided to cross the clearing at the doublequick.

Both lines moved on a run with a cheer, passed the clearing, reached the rebel rifle-pits at the foot of the ridge, and wavered for a moment, some men dropping down to escape the murderous fire from the enemy's artillery and musketry. Knowing that men dropping down under fire are very slow to get up and start again, I urged my regiments on, and they again rushed forward and commenced to climb the hill, some of the flank regiments running over the heads of General Beatty's and Colonel Van Derveer's men lying in the rifle-pits on my right and left.

It was impossible to require regularity in the movement up hill. The bravest and the strongest men grouped around the regimental colors, advancing steadily, the balance following irregularly, the head of the column being very narrow and the tail spreading right and left widely. Three regimental flags of my brigade waved to the breeze almost on the top of the ridge, while the brigades on my right and left were yet lying in the rifle-pits at the foot of the ridge.

Three regiments, the Eleventh, Thirty-first, and Thirty-sixth Ohio, reaching the rebel breastworks on the point A* of the ridge, stormed them, driving the enemy partly down the hill, but mostly along the ridge to the left toward the house B, to which the rebels drove two cannon from the point A, and where there was already one cannon planted, working along the ravine in its front. This last cannon was captured, but the other two continued to drive down along the ravine.

At the same time, the Ninety-second Ohio and Eighty-second Indiana, with a detachment of the Eighty-ninth Ohio, working their way along the ravine to the left, reached the point C, where two more cannon were captured.

The Seventeenth Ohio having been directed by me in the first place to the right of the point A, drove the rebels from the ridge, charge them down to the woods, and turning to the left to join the other regiments of the brigade struck at the point M, down in the hollow, the two cannon before mentioned, which had passed the house B and were trying to escape down the ravine. Our men fired at them, and the rebel artillerymen cut the traces and ran away with the horses, leaving the cannon. These two pieces, with the limbers, were brought on the ridge to the point A, a little before dark, by some men of the Thirty-sixth Ohio sent by me for that purpose, and were left there to the men and officers of Beatty's brigade,

Wood's division.

When the point C was taken, our fire obliged the rebels to abandon two pieces of artillery which had been planted at D to fire along the ravine to their front.

The bravest men rushed up the next knob to the left to the point E, and charged on three cannon planted there and supported by rebel infantry. In the first charge they captured the cannon, but the rebels rallying, drove our men back. At this time the men of the Second Brigade of our division climbed the hill. Another charge was made and my men, supported by men of the Second Brigade, took those guns and drove the rebels more to the left.

33 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

