
At this time the Third Brigade reached the top of the hill, and our division took the ridge to the point F, where the fighting continued some time after dark, and where our men built in the night some breastworks.

During the assault and fighting on the ridge my brigade captured alone 7 cannon, and, with the Second Brigade, captured 3 more. Most of them were smooth-bore 6-pounders and Napoleons; 1 or 2 rifled 10-pounders. Some of the cannon, as the prisoners stated, belonged to Scott's Arkansas [Tennessee] battery.

Besides the cannon, 2 rebel flags were captured-1 regimental flag by the Thirty-first Ohio and 1 battle-flag by the Eleventh Ohio. These flags were subsequently sent, with a separate report, to the general commanding the division.

The fighting continuing on the left, and the regiments being somewhat disorganized, my whole attention was paid to organizing the regiments. It soon became dark. I was ordered to bivouac at the point G on the east slope of the ridge, and soon afterward I received orders to leave the ridge, move backward on the western slope, and occupy a position at the foot of the ridge, facing north, to prevent a surprise from the enemy, who still occupied the ground between our division and Sherman's troops at the tunnel.

After leaving the ridge, I do not know what became of the cannon captured by my brigade, but as Beatty's brigade, Wood's division, occupied the hill which we stormed and most of the ground to the left of it, I presume the guns were taken by the regiments of General Beatty's command, and perhaps some by the Second Brigade of our division.

The fact was that, reaching the top of the hill, we had more serious work to perform than to count and guard cannon. The enemy was in strong force on our left, and, until the Second Third Brigades climbed the hills assigned to them, all our energies were directed to fighting the enemy, and not to grouping and displaying systematically the captured cannon.

The enemy's fire on our right, and with it all danger there, had ceased for a long time, while my brigade was still fighting alone with a powerful enemy on our left. I moved my brigade down the ridge to the position assigned to it, and bivouacked there during the night.

At 7.30 a. m. of the 26th, the brigade was ordered on the ridge again, and at 9.30 a. m. made a reconnaissance to the front to the bridge across Chickamauga River on the road to Chickamauga Station, the general commanding the division being present. Some 20 prisoners were captured.

At 12 m. the brigade was ordered to move on the ridge by the Chickamauga Station road. There we joined the other two brigades, and the division moved on the Ringgold road, bivouacking for the night 6 miles from Ringgold.

On the morning of the 27th, the brigade moved to Ringgold, and was placed in position in the reserve of the division. We remained there during the 28th, and on the 29th returned to Chattanooga.

The gallantry of the officers and men of my brigade, during the assault on Mission Ridge, cannot be surpassed. They showed a nerve and bravery that can dare any danger.

I must specially mention Lieutenant-Colonel Putnam, commanding Ninety-second Ohio, wounded in three places; Lieutenant-Colonel Devol, commanding Thirty-sixth Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel

