
Street, commanding Eleventh Ohio; Lieutenant-Colonel Lister, commanding Thirty-first Ohio, and Colonel Hunter, commanding Eighty-second Indiana, who were all the time at the head of their regiments, and were first on the ridge and in the enemy's works; Lieutenant Colonel Paul E. Slocum, Eighty-second Indiana; Major Butterfield, Seventeenth Ohio, wounded at the foot of the hiss; Captain Jolly, commanding Eighty-ninth Ohio; Captain Grosvenor, commanding the Ninety-second Ohio, after Lieutenant-Colonel Putnam was wounded, and Captain Showers, who commanded the Seventeenth Ohio after Major Butterfield was wounded.

For an enumeration of all the officers and men who distinguished themselves, and some of whom suffered severely through their indomitable courage, I beg leave to refer you to the accompanying reports of the regimental commanders.

We have to mourn the loss of some valuable lives, officers and men. The gallant Lieutenant Turner, adjutant of the Ninety-second Ohio, who showed great coolness and intrepidity at the battle of Chickamauga, was mortally wounded on the ridge after the enemy were driven from their works, and has since died. He promised to become an invaluable officer had he lived longer.

It is a pity that the general-in-chief of the army has no right to promote officers and men for bravery on the battle-field. Lieutenant-Colonels Putnam, Devol, Street, and Lister should be made colonels for their gallantry. Many others, officers, sergeants, and privates should be promoted. The bravest men, those who may be called the leaders in every fight, have nothing to show that they are better than others-no national medal, no wreath, no badge, nothing at all.

James B. Bell, color sergeant, Eleventh Ohio, who was wounded in five places before he gave up; Corpl. George Greene and Private H. R. Howard, of the same regiment, who captured the rebel flag; James Walker, private Thirty-first Ohio, who carried the colors after 2 color bearers had fallen, and who captured one of the enemy's flags, and a number of others remarkably brave and gallant, should all be promoted.

In conclusion, I have to recommend to the general commanding the gallantry displayed, on the memorable 25th of November, by the officers of my staff, Captain Curtis, assistant adjutant-general; Captain Hayden, aide-de-camp; Captain Price, inspector, and Captain Dudley, provost-marshal, the latter two acting as aides.

Many prisoners were taken during the assault on Mission Ridge, and also on the 26th and 27th instant, but they were sent to the rear without taking any account of them.

The loss of the brigade was 6 officers and 51 men killed, 11 officers and 211 men wounded, and 4 men missing; total, 17 officers and 266 men.

Inclosed are the official reports and additional statements of the regimental commanders, and a consolidated report of casualties.*

An approximate sketch of the portion of ridge attacked and passed over by my brigade is also forwarded herewith.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. TURCHIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Captain A. C. MCCLURG,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, 3rd Div., 14th Army Corps.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 85.

---------------

