
The Eighty-ninth Ohio lost 3 killed and 14 wounded; complete list* of each, and the nature of the wounds are hereto attached.

On the morning of the 26th, at 7 a. m., after drawing four days' rations and filling up our supply of ammunition to 100 rounds per man, our brigade started on a reconnaissance in the direction of Chickamauga Station. After proceeding some 3 miles we discovered that the enemy had left, and burned all the bridges in his rear. We immediately faced about and started for Ringgold, rejoining our division on our arrival back upon the ridge. We arrived at Ringgold on the morning of the 27th, just in time to see the rear guard of the enemy retreating from that place. Here we remained until the evening of the 29th, when we returned to our old camps in Chattanooga.

My regiment was out just seven days, exposed to severe weather of cold and rain without tents or shelter of any kind, yet they bore their hardships and privations with cheerfulness, feeling that their sacrifices were made for the good of their country.

In closing this report, I beg leave to be permitted to express to General Turchin and staff the great satisfaction of myself and command at the ability manifested by them in the handling of the troops during the seven-days' campaign, and especially to express our admiration of the gallantry displayed by them in leading the brilliant charge that won Missionary Ridge.

The companies in my regiment were commanded as follows: Company A, by Captain Whedon; Company B, by Lieutenant Brown; Company C, by Lieutenant McIlhenny, of Company D; Company D, by Lieutenant John Calvin; Company E, by Captain Roop; Company F, by Lieutenant Dutton; Company H, by Lieutenant Almond, of Company E; Company I, by Lieutenant C. N. Hunter; Company K, by Lieutenant Elliott.

The regiment was commanded by myself, assisted by Lieutenant-Colonel Slocum and Adjutant Hunter.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

MORTON C. HUNTER,

Colonel Eighty-second Regiment Indiana Vol. Infantry.

Captain CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 159.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Ogden Street, Eleventh Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. ELEVENTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the movements of the past week:

In accordance with orders from headquarters First Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, the regiment reported at the said headquarters on Monday afternoon, the 23rd instant, being assigned to the right of the first line. We moved during the afternoon to the picket front on the right of the Rossville road, drove in the pickets

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

