
On the morning of the 26th, the regiment moved with the brigade on a reconnaissance toward Chickamauga Bridge, from there to Ringgold, Ga., where we arrived on the forenoon of the 27th instant; remained there until the forenoon of the 29th, from whence we moved to this place.

Very respectfully, yours,&amp;c.,

OGDEN STREET,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 160.

Report of Captain Benjamin H. Showers, Seventeenth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. SEVENTEENTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

SIR: On the 25th day of November, 1863, about 4 p. m., Major Butterfield, of my regiment, fell badly wounded at the foot of Missionary Ridge. I, being the ranking officer present, immediately assumed command, formed the regiment in double column at half distance, and charged up the ridge. I continued the charge to within about 75 yards of the rebel breastworks in my immediate front. The rebel lines gave way, keeping under cover so that I could not deliver a fire that would be effective. I crossed the breastworks in battle line in good order and moved about 200 yards farther to the front, and then made a left half wheel, halted, and engaged the enemy about 150 yards to my front, trying to get away with two guns. My regiment killed the horses hauling the guns. The enemy made a stubborn resistance for about fifteen minutes, trying to save his guns, when he fled in confusion, leaving several of his dead and wounded with two pieces behind. About dusk, finding that I had become separated from my brigade, and being in advance of the general line some 200 yards, I moved back to crest of the ridge, ascertained where the brigade was, and joined it, and reported to brigade commander for orders, when I received orders to move down to the front on the level, make fires and get supper, which being done, returned by order to the west side of the ridge on the level, and bivouacked for the night. Received orders to move at 7 a. m. on the 26th, and then moved to the front about 4 miles, when I received an order to send one company on a scout. I sent Company C, Captain Inskeep, who was gone about two hours, when he returned, having taken 16 prisoners. I then moved with my regiment with the brigade to Ringgold, in Georgia, and returned to this camp on the evening of the 29th instant, without anything of note occurring, my command being very tired and worn down.

My officers and men obeyed all orders promptly and behaved bravely.

Respectfully submitted.

B. H. SHOWERS,

Captain, Comdg. Seventeenth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

