
driving the enemy from five points and comprising a distance of a mile from the spot at which the ascent was made. During the advance I passed seven guns and one limber, with horses attached, but would not allow any of the men then fighting with me to remain with them, as they were already in our possession, and the brigade which had been reformed could remove them at their leisure. The individual honor of capturing those guns cannot be assumed by any regiment; they were captured by the dash and gallantry of a few men and officers from each regiment in the brigade.

I have the honor to recommend to the notice of the general commanding the brigade the gallant conduct of Private James Walker, Company K, who carried the colors after two of the bearers had fallen. He also captured one of the enemy's colors, which he had the honor to deliver to the general commanding First Brigade. Private S. Wright, Company K, assisted him in carrying the rebel colors, and displayed bravery.

Conspicuous for bravery during the advance on the top of the ridge were Captain Cahill, Company B; Lieutenants Scott, Company E; Wilkin, Company G; Miller, Company F. Adjutant Hayden fought by my side throughout the day, and was struck by a spent ball at the conclusion of the fight. The energy and soldierly bearing of these officers had a great effect in keeping the men to their work.

I have to regret to loss of Lieutenant Rochester, commanding Company D, who was instantly killed on the hill-side; Lieutenant Wilkin, shot in the shoulder while among the foremost in the advance. Captain Barber gallantly rallied and reformed the men as they arrived on the top of the ridge. Lieutenants Aplin, Pollock, Carlile, and McArthur proved themselves good officers and brave men.

The list of killed and wounded has already been forwarded to your office.*

I am, captain, respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. W. LISTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-first Ohio Vol. Infty.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 162.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Hiram F. Devol, Thirty-sixth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. THIRTY-SIXTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the battles before Chattanooga:

Agreeably to orders, the regiment reported at brigade headquarters about 10 a. m., November 23, and was moved out with the remainder of the brigade, and took position near the Rossville road. The circumstances requiring it, our position was changed by the general that afternoon and the next day (24th). About 10 a. m. of the 25th, we moved in double column 1 1/2 miles to the left. My

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 85.

---------------

