
be in vain for me to try to express how nobly and with what daring both officers and men conducted themselves in this (their fifth) great battle. Never as yet have they fallen back under fire in the face of the enemy. In this, all seemed eager to fight, and, under the leadership of their general, they felt confident of success. I would particularize did I not have to mention the whole.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

H. F. DEVOL,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Thirty-sixth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infty.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 163.

Report of Captain John H. Jolly, Eighty-ninth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-NINTH REGIMENT OHIO INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to forward my report, in accordance with circular issued from brigade headquarters requiring a report of the operations of the regiment during the past week, and also a list* of the killed, wounded, and missing.

Monday morning, November 23, 1863, I received orders for the detail of 100 men and 2 commissioned officers, for fatigue duty, to report at brigade headquarters at 7 a. m. Order complied with. Detail relieved at 2 p. m. same day. Regiment ordered to report immediately at brigade headquarters, with two days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition; order complied with, and were ordered to join our brigade at the front. Joined the brigade at 3.30 p. m.; took position in front of Fort Negley. Lay in that position until 11 o'clock Wednesday morning, November 25, 1863, when we were moved with brigade to the left of Forts Palmer and Wood. We rested there until 2 o'clock, then moved a short distance to the right, then changed direction, and moved directly to the front until we arrived at a narrow piece of woods-which lay between us and the enemy-which partly hid us from their view. Here we halted and preparations were made for an assault on the enemy-s works. The regiment was consolidated with the Eighty-second Indiana during the fight. We were ordered to advance at 3.30 p. m. The regiment was formed in closed column by division. We charged the enemy's works, drove them from their position, passing through a terrific fire from the enemy's batteries, of which they had two, that were playing directly upon us. Their infantry were in two lines of intrenchments. We drove them from them, and gained the heights just at sunset. The men and officers of the regiment did good fighting; showed great courage and gallantry. We met seven pieces of artillery, which were captured and sent to the rear. We rested on the ridge until after dark, then moved with brigade to west side of the ridge. Bivouacked for the night.

Thursday a. m., November 26, went with brigade on a reconnais-

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 85.

---------------

