
sance east of Missionary Ridge. Returned with brigade to ridge. Went with it to Ringgold. Lay at Ringgold with brigade until Sunday, November 29. Returned in afternoon of same day to Chattanooga, Tennessee, in charge of prisoners.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. JOLLY,

Captain, Comdg. Eighty-ninth Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain W. B. CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 164.

Report of Captain Edward Grosvenor, Ninety-second Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINETY-SECOND REGIMENT OHIO VOL. INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Ninety-second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry in the battles before Chattanooga, November 23, 24, and 25:

On Monday, November 23, 1863, at 2 p. m., the Ninety-second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry, Lieutenant-Colonel Putnam commanding, with the Thirty-sixth and Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry and Eighty-second Indiana Volunteer Infantry, moved to the front, on the left of the Rossville road, driving back the enemy's pickets, and advancing our own line some distance. In this movement the Thirty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry occupied the left and the Eleventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry the right of the front line, the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry the left and the Eighty-second Indiana Volunteer Infantry the right of the second line.

We then retired some distance, halted, and remained in double column until 5 p. m., when we were re-enforced by the other regiments of the brigade, the Thirty-first and Seventeenth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, and the order of the brigade was changed, the Thirty-first Ohio Volunteer Infantry being placed on the left, in front of us, and the Thirty-sixth moving to the rear as a reserve.

In this position we remained until 10 a. m. on Wednesday, November 25, when the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry, with the other regiments of the brigade, moved in double column in eight ranks, passing to the left of the line of battle of the Fourth Army Corps; then moved front to the ground occupied by the enemy on Monday. Here the Ninety-second Ohio Volunteer Infantry were placed in the left of the front line, the Thirty-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry being on our immediate right.

After deploying two companies (A and B) as skirmishers in front of the battalion, we remained at rest, in double column, until 3 p. m. We now moved forward to the edge of a wood, where we deployed and advanced in line of battle. Emerging from the woods near a white house we met the enemy's fire of shot and shell from his batteries on Missionary Ridge. The regiment then charge upon a run over an open plain of half a mile, preserving their line intact until they reached the foot of Missionary Ridge. In crossing the plain our colors were shot down and 3 men wounded by shell. We passed

