
beyond the plunging fire from the enemy's cannon only to meet a more deadly fire from their musketry, which had us at short range. The Second Brigade, Colonel Van Derveer, had unexpectedly halted in the enemy's earth-works back on the plain, thus leaving our left without a support. The regiment moved up a ravine, the top of which was crowned on either side by the enemy's rifle-pits, which, owing to the peculiarity of the ground, enfiladed our position from right and left.

Nothing could exceed the determined courage of the men, who, at this juncture, exhausted by a three-quarter mile race, still pushed up the steep ascent in the face of this deadly storm. As we neared the summit, within close pistol shot of the still contending foe, Colonel Putnam, while leading and cheering forward his men, fell severely wounded. The command of the regiment now devolved upon me. The enemy now abandoned their guns in our front and gave way in all directions, the heavier force fleeing along the summit of the ridge to the fort on the left of Van Derveer's brigade. Here they rallied and made a most stubborn effort to regain the ridge. Our colors again fell at this point, but were again recovered.

The firing continued until dark, when it ceased and the enemy withdrew from our front.

I assembled the regiment at dark and formed on the ridge for supper, after which we returned with the brigade to the north side of Missionary Ridge and bivouacked for the night.

The entire loss in this engagement was: Killed, 10 men and 2 officers; wounded, 51 men and 3 officers.

The officers killed were Captain Whittlesey and Lieutenant Townsend. The regiment has suffered an irreparable loss in these brave officers. They fell while ascending the hill near to where Colonel Putnam was wounded.

Captain Whittlesey, who had won applause for his gallantry at Chickamauga, exposing his life and cheering on his men with the same heroic bearing which had ever distinguished him.

Adjutant Turner, who was wounded in the struggle on the left, and has since died, exhibited on every occasion a coolness and presence of mind which I have never seen surpassed.

We drove the enemy from two pieces of artillery in our immediate front, which we fully possessed, but left without a guard to engage the enemy, who had rallied at our left and was trying to regain the heights. A knowledge of the capture of these pieces I gained from my own observation. Several prisoners were also captured.

During this fight, if any officer behaved badly, it did not come to my knowledge.

On the following morning, November 26, there being now no field officer with us, Captain Wheeler, just arrived from Nashville, came to us at 7 a. m., and assumed command of the regiment.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD GROSVENOR,

Captain, Ninety-second Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry.

Captain CURTIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

