
skirmishers were at a distance of 100 yards they were retreating precipitately up the ridge to their rear.

Lieutenant-Colonel Bishop immediately got his command under cover of the enemy's works, and within five minutes of this time, my first line having passed the open space under a very heavy direct and enfilading fire from the enemy's batteries on the ridge, were also partially under cover of the same works. In the meantime, my second line was brought forward into the open ground and the men ordered to lie down. Fifteen minutes after the rifle-pits were taken, the general commanding the division ordered a charge upon the crest of the ridge. My brigade moved at once with cheers and hearty good will, the Second Minnesota occupying a position in the first line. The precipitous ascent, the enemy's sharpshooters in front, and the terrific enfilading artillery fire upon each flank were forgotten in their eager haste to storm the heights. My second line came forward at a run, and after a few moments' rest at the foot of the ridge followed closely the advance. In fifteen minutes more our colors were upon the summit, and in twenty the rebels had been driven out of their works on the crest, and we occupied the ground in front of the brigade. As my men sprang over the works the enemy's cannoneers were caught in the act of loading and were bayoneted or driven off before they could fire their pieces. Five guns were found here in position and captured by the brigade, two by the Second Minnesota and three by the Thirty-fifth Ohio. The larger part of the enemy retired along the ridge toward the left, vigorously pursued, and driven near half a mile. For thirty minutes a very determined resistance was made by the enemy. Many of the troops of my command, having in the charge up the ridge lost their regimental organizations, were in some disorder for a short time, but all pressed toward the enemy. The Ninth Ohio and Seventy-fifth Indiana came up in good order, and were placed in line perpendicular to the ridge and fronting the rebels.

Darkness coming on firing ceased upon both sides, and my brigade bivouacked on the crest of Missionary Ridge. After the action one other piece of artillery, abandoned by the enemy, was found by the Seventy-fifth Indiana and taken charge of. The guns that were captured by my command were left where found, while our men pursued the enemy along the ridge toward Tunnel Hill. While they were thus absent the pieces were hauled off to our rear by men said to belong to Brigadier-General Wood's division, which was upon the right. I saw these guns being taken toward the ground occupied by that division, and upon inquiry I was informed that they were being taken to a position where they could be used against the enemy. My brigade at the same time captured one caisson with 6 horses attached, and limber with one pair of horses. These, too, were taken to the rear with the guns. No other troops were near this battery when taken. The enemy were driven from it by my own men, and we thus lost possession while gallantly engaging the retreating rebel force. The next day I moved with the rest of the division to McAfee's Church, and the succeeding day to Ringgold. We were not, however, actively engaged, and on the 29th marched back to our camp at Chattanooga.

My loss upon the 25th was 2 officers killed and 13 wounded, 20 enlisted men killed and 126 wounded.

In this action my brigade fully sustained the reputation it had won at Chickamauga. None flinched from their duty. I partic-

