
After the conclusion of Wednesday's action, my regiment was detailed and went on picket for the entire brigade, and was relieved on the 26th, with orders to march, which I subsequently learned to be to pursue the retreating enemy. Arrived at Ringgold, Ga., at noon on the 27th; remained there until 11 a. m. on the 29th; ordered to return to camp; arrived in camp on same evening at 6 o'clock, without participating in any further action.

During the seven days of arduous duty performed, as well as while engaged in action, my regiment officers and men-bore themselves with that gallantry, forbearance, and energy becoming veteran soldiers. Their justly earned laurels upon more sanguinary fields did not depreciate in the action before Chattanooga. They met the enemy, as upon former occasions, determined to defeat him at all hazards.

I am, your obedient servant,

MILTON S. ROBINSON,

Colonel, Commanding Seventy-fifth Indiana Volunteers.

Captain JOHN R. BEATTY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 167.

Report of Colonel Newell Gleason, Eighty-seventh Indiana Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTY-SEVENTH REGIMENT INDIANA Volunteers,Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to report the part performed by the Eighty-seventh Regiment Indiana Volunteers in the battle of Chattanooga, commencing on the 23rd day of November and ending on the night of the 25th; also, the pursuit after the enemy to Ringgold, Ga.

My regiment, being supplied with 100 rounds of cartridges to the man, was held ready to march at a moment's notice during the 23rd day of November. Marching orders were received about 4 p. m. I moved my command without delay, and formed in line of battle with the brigade in front of the works, on about the center of the line before Chattanooga. The brigade being formed, marched to the front in line of battle, pressing the enemy's pickets slightly back. Having halted, the men were allowed to stack arms and rest. The brigade remained here until about 11 o'clock on the morning of the 25th. During said time Lookout Mountain was taken in a magnificent charge, and a good deal of hard fighting done on the left of our line. About the time above mentioned, the brigade moved slowly by the left flank in such a manner as to bring it to the left and in front of Fort Wood. Resting a short time, the advance was made by the flank and in line of battle toward the enemy's lines, until coming within about three-quarters of a mile of the front line of works occupied by the enemy, when the brigade was halted and formed in the following order, viz: Eighty-seventh Indiana on the right, Thirty-fifth Ohio in the center, and One hundred and first Indiana on the left of the front line; Seventy-fifth Indiana on the right, Ninth Ohio in the center, and One hundred and fifth Ohio on the left, forming the second line, the Second Minnesota being in front,

