
deployed as skirmishers. The brigade was ordered to stack arms and lie down, resting until about 3.30 p. m., when, an advance being ordered, the line moved forward to within about one-third of a mile of the enemy's breastworks. On the approach of the skirmishers the rebels left their lower works and scattered up the slope of the ridge, fighting as they retired. The lines being dressed up, a charge was ordered, and never did troops show more determination or greater valor. They ran, under a heavy fire of shot and shell, to the enemy's lower line of works, and took shelter and rested about half an hour. The enemy's fire upon this position was terrific. The charge from these breastworks up the hill to the crest of the ridge was first begun by the brigade upon our right, the character of the ground requiring it. While we were yet in the works, a staff officer came galloping it. While we were yet in the works, a staff officer came galloping up in rear of my regiment, ordering the charge. Many men jumped over the works and were going forward. I asked the officer who he was; said he belonged to General Wood's staff. I told him Colonel Van Derveer commanded this brigade, and could be found farther to the left. I then ordered the men behind the works and await orders from their own officers. Soon orders came from our brigade commander to charge. The command was repeated along the line, and, with renewed energy, the men rushed forward under a terrible fire, ascended the ridge, entered the enemy's works-being a distance of nearly half a mile-captured the artillery in the fort immediately in front, it being the second point taken on that part of the ridge. The colors of the Eighty-seventh Indiana, Thirty-fifth Ohio, Second Minnesota, and One hundred and first Indiana were planted on the ridge at so nearly the same time that it would be difficult to designate the one first there. Captain Ellis and Lieutenant Vandever, of my regiment, and several line officers of the other regiments above named, together with the men who first gained the summit with their colors, formed and led the charge along the ridge to the left, gained the next point, and dashed farther on to the left, nearly along the whole front of the Third Brigade.

In making the charge along the ridge the fighting was desperate, and those engaged particularly distinguished themselves. Among these were Captain Ellis, Lieutenant Vandever, and about 20 noncommissioned officers and privates of my regiment. In this daring charge I lost 2 men killed, one of whom was Corporal Deacon, Company K, a dashing, gallant soldier, and a very worthy young man.

My color bearer, Corpl. Henry Platt, is worthy of special notice; he carried the colors into the thickest of the fight, the staff being shot twice with musket-balls. The color guards acted bravely. All, officers and men, behaved nobly, and proudly sustained the character of the regiment.

My loss was 2 killed and 13 wounded. Among the wounded were Lieutenants Leiter, Company F, and Russell, Company C, both brave officers. The latter was mortally wounded, and died November 29, 1863. In the death of First Lieutenant Burr Russell, the regiment and the country have lost a gallant and efficient officer.

I cannot fail to acknowledge the assistance of Adjt. J. E. Selleck, having no field officer present; also my regimental surgeon, Charles E. Triplett, as I am informed he labored faithfully at the hospital in his attentions to the wounded.

About 3 p. m. on the 26th instant, the brigade moved along the ridge toward Ringgold, and bivouacked that night near Chickamauga Creek.

