
On the morning of the 27th instant, the march was continued, our forces reaching Ringgold about 12 m. There was hard fighting in the gap and on the ridge in our front; our brigade was formed in line of battle ready for action, but was not engaged. Remaining in bivouac (the men suffering much for want of clothing) until about 11 a. m. on the 29th instant, we were ordered to march, and arrived at Chattanooga about dark, all feeling that though hardships had been endured a great work had been accomplished.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. GLEASON,

Colonel Eighty-seventh Indiana Volunteers.

[Captain JOHN R. BEATTY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 168.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Doan, One hundred and first Indiana Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 101ST INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

SIR: On the 23rd instant, the One hundred and first Indiana moved to the front of Fort Negley, and lay in line of battle until the morning of the 25th without becoming engaged. On the 25th, participated in the charge on Mission Ridge, the regiment being on the left of the front line of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Army Corps, the Thirty-fifth Ohio on the right, and the Second Minnesota was deployed as skirmishers in front. The One hundred and first Indiana reached the crest simultaneously with the Second Minnesota, Thirty-fifth Ohio, and Eighty-seventh Indiana, and participated with them in the capture of several pieces of artillery. They were closely engaged with the enemy in the assault on the last point held by the enemy on the ridge to the left of the point first assailed by this brigade, and by the opportune arrival of the rear line, composed of the Ninth Ohio, One hundred and fifth Ohio, and Seventy-fifth Indiana. The enemy were driven at nightfall from their last position on Mission Ridge.

The casualties in the One hundred and first are: Killed, 2; wounded, 32. About 3 of the latter are supposed to be mortal.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

THOS. DOAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

[Captain JOHN R. BEATTY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 169.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Judson W. Bishop, Second Minnesota Infantry.
HDQRS. SECOND REGIMENT MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In response to circular instructions of this date from brigade headquarters, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Second Regiment of Minnesota Vol-

