
unteers in the operations against the enemy during the week commencing November 23, 1863:

On Monday, the 23rd instant, at 3 p. m., the regiment marched from its encampment in Chattanooga with the other regiments composing the Second Brigade, with two days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition per man, and was placed in line of battle about half a mile distant from and in front or south of Fort Negley.

The regiment remained in position here until noon of Wednesday, the 25th, when with the brigade it marched to the left, taking a position to the east of and about a mile distant from Fort Wood, and facing the enemy's position at the foot of and on the crest of Mission Ridge.

Here the regiment was advanced, with two companies deployed, for the purpose of covering the brigade in its formation and movement toward the enemy's works.

The brigade being formed, a general advance was commenced at 3 p. m., and continued without opposition for a distance of about three-fourths of a mile, when the deployed companies reached the eastern or farther edge of a strip of woods, and came in full view of the enemy's works; the remaining companies being about 150 yards in rear of the deployed line, and the remaining six regiments of the brigade about 300 yards still farther back, and partially concealed from the enemy's view by the woods in front of the. Immediately in front of the deployed line lay an open field, the ground descending for a short distance to a small creek, and beyond it rising gradually for a distance of about a quarter of a mile to the crest of a secondary ridge, running parallel to, and about a quarter of a mile distant from, the foot of Mission Ridge. Along the crest of this secondary ridge was a breastwork of logs, occupied as the front line of the enemy's defenses by two regiments or battalions of infantry.

Beyond it the ground descended with an easy slope for a distance of 300 or 400 yards to the foot of the main or Mission Ridge, which rises thence, with a slope gradual at first, but increasing in abruptness toward the top, to a eighty of 500 or 600 feet. Along the crest of Mission Ridge were the main defenses of the enemy, consisting of a breastwork of logs, fully manned with infantry, with artillery posted on the more commanding points, in sections of two guns each, at intervals of from 100 to 200 yards. The artillery, thus placed, swept with direct and cross fire the whole space between the ridges mentioned, and also the open field across which we had to advance upon the first breastwork.

In the valley between the main and the secondary ridges were the enemy's encampments, the huts mostly hidden from our view by the smaller ridge and breastwork in front of them. The space between the two ridges had been covered with woods, but, except the highest and steepest part of the slope of the main ridge where the smaller trees had been felled and entangled as an obstacle, the timber had recently been cut away and used in the construction of huts and breastworks. After remaining in front of this part of the enemy's line for some twenty minutes, I received an order from Colonel Van Derveer, commanding the brigade, to deploy my entire command and advance upon the first line of breastworks, to seize and occupy it if possible; if repulsed to fall back on the brigade.

The men were briefly informed of the desperate service required of them, and instructed to withhold their fire and to move steadily forward until the work was gained; then to defend it to the utmost.

