
killed or wounded; the color lance was cut off by a fragment of shell, and the field torn out of the colors by another.

On the morning of the 26th, we drew partial rations for four days, and at noon marched in pursuit of the retiring enemy, a distance of about 8 miles, to the crossing of Chickamauga Creek by the Rossville and Graysville road, where we bivouacked for the night.

On the 27th, at 4 a. m., we marched again, passing through Graysville and arriving at Ringgold about 11 a. m., a distance of about 11 miles. Here an engagement with the rear guard of the enemy was in progress, and we were formed in line of battle in readiness to act as occasion might require. At noon the enemy retired, and at night we bivouacked, remaining in the same position until noon on the 29th, when we marched for Chattanooga, arriving at 6 p. m., a distance of 18 miles.

Of the conduct of the officers and men of the regiment under the hardships and privations of the week's campaign in severe and inclement weather, and with insufficient clothing and scanty rations, and especially of their gallant bearing under fire in the operations of Wednesday, I am incompetent to speak in terms that would do them justice.

The regiment being brought into action deployed as skirmishers, there was better scope for individual acts of heroism or of cowardice than would otherwise have been afforded. While I witnessed many of the former, I am proud to say that none of the latter have come to my knowledge.

A list* of casualties is herewith transmitted.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. W. BISHOP,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Second Regiment Minnesota Volunteers

Captain JOHN R. BEATTY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 170.

Report of Colonel Gustave Kammerling, Ninth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. NINTH REGIMENT OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor herewith to forward a report about the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Chattanooga, November 25, 1863.

the Ninth Ohio did not take an active part in the fighting before late in the afternoon of the 25th of November. At 3 p. m. on that day it was posted on the left of the second line of the Second Brigade, Third Division, Fourteenth Corps, the brigade being then in battle line in front of and facing the enemy's rifle-pits erected at the foot of and along the west side of the Missionary Ridge. About 4 o'clock I received orders from Colonel Van Derveer to advance, which I did. As soon as the line moved forward it met with a most galling fire from the enemy's batteries posted on the ridge in front and on the left of our position, but notwithstanding this heavy artillery fire which we had to pas through, I succeeded in gaining the ridge with a comparatively very small loss in killed and wounded.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 85. Total number of officers and men engaged, 185.

---------------

