
On the top of the ridge, which I found already in possession of the troops of the first line of our brigade, I formed my regiment and marched a short distance to the left, where I saw among others the Second Minnesota Volunteers engaged in a desperate fight with the rebels, who were gradually retreating northward toward the next knoll of the ridge. From this moment until dark my regiment participated in the struggle for the possession off the said ridge. For over half an hour a heavy and incessant musketry firing was kept up by both sides, which finally ended with the retreat of the enemy.

During the night and part of the following day the troops bivouacked on the field of battle. About 1 p. m. on the 26th day of November, my regiment was ordered to march off with four days' rations in the haversack and 100 rounds of ammunition per man. We joined in the pursuit of the enemy, and went as far as Ringgold, Ga., from which place we returned to Chattanooga on the evening of the 29th of November, 1863.

My total loss sustained consists in 2 enlisted men killed and 12 enlisted men wounded; none missing. A list* of the men killed and wounded is attached hereto.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. KAMMERLING,

Colonel, Comdg. Ninth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain JOHN R. BEATTY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 171.

Report of Major Joseph L. Budd, Thirty-fifth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-FIFTH OHIO INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, on the night of the 22nd instant, in obedience to orders from brigade headquarters, the men of the Thirty-fifth were supplied with two days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition, and thus supplied moved with the balance of the command about 4 p. m. of the 23d, with an effective force of 12 officers and 209 men, and took position in line of battle, with the left of the regiment resting on the Moore road, near the enemy's picket line, the regiment being posted in the second line.

In this position the regiment bivouacked until Wednesday morning about 8 o'clock, when it was ordered to deploy as skirmishers along our brigade front, preparatory to an advance upon the then retiring enemy. After a short advance it was ascertained that the enemy had evacuated the valley in front of us, and an order coming to return to the main line for a march to the left, the regiment again joined the brigade, and marched with it to the mouth of Citico Creek, from which with the command we marched directly toward Missionary Ridge, and took position in the center of the front line, the Eighty-seventh Indiana being on our right and the One hundred and first Indiana on our left, the Second Minnesota covering the entire front as skirmishers. In this position our line faced and was half a

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

