
mile distant from the rebel rifle-pits extending along the base of the slope.

About 4 p. m. the order was given to charge the rifle-pits, and at a given signal the whole line advanced with a tremendous cheer, receiving a terrific fire of spherical case, both from the front and either flank, from the enemy's batteries on the crest above. The Second Minnesota in advance drove the enemy from his works and planted their flag there without assistance from the main line, but this line followed them closely and were soon sheltered somewhat under the captured works from the furious fire of the batteries above.

After resting here about fifteen minutes, the order came to storm the heights. The regiment, led by Lieutenant-Colonel Boynton, started at a double-quick, cheering with hearty good will, and pressed on utterly regardless of the fire of musketry in front, and of case shot from the front and flank. The regiment had not left the rebel line of works 100 yards in the rear when I was informed that Lieutenant-colonel Boynton had received a severe wound in the thigh. Upon being thus notified, I immediately assumed command of the regiment, and very soon with the larger number of the regiment arrived at the top of the hill. The spur of the ridge charged by the brigade was the next on the left of the one charged by General Turchin's brigade. By the time the regiment arrived at the works on the top the enemy had been driven from the hill on our right and occupied the works on that spur in considerable force. The men of the Thirty-fifth, taking advantage of the shelter afforded by these works, opened a vigorous fire upon the enemy, but very soon rushing over the works, drove the enemy from the position, securing 3 pieces of artillery, 1 caisson with 6 horses attached, 7 prisoners, and 1 battle-flag. The battle-flag was in the hands of one of the men of the regiment, and an officer, representing himself to be on some general's staff, demanded the flag and took it from the soldier. The prisoners I ordered down the hill-side to where there had been quite a number of others collected. The Thirty-fifth was the first to enter the works with its colors.

The regiments having advanced in line of battle, each striving to reach the works first, it was but a very short time before the men from the different regiments became so mixed up (and partly owing to the nature of the ground) it was impossible to maintain anything like an organization. The company officers, however, rallied their companies, and in this manner advanced gradually along the crest of the ridge until we came to the position on the extreme left where the last stand was made.

At this place, under a severe fire from the enemy, we assisted in throwing up some rude log-works. While thus advancing, Lieutenant Mather, Company H, received two wounds, one in the hand and one in the leg. Lieutenant Lambright, Company K, received a very painful wound in the right shoulder.

The fighting ceased about 6 p. m., and the regiment was reformed.

During the entire fight the men of the Thirty-fifth were in the front ranks and the officers at their posts, conspicuous in the discharge of every duty. I beg leave to make special mention of the gallantry and bravery of Corporal Kreiger, our color bearer. From the time we charged the rifle-pits to the close of the fighting, the colors were in the lead. Sergeant Fisk, Company B, and Sergeant

Blair, Company K, deserve credit for the manner in which they commanded their companies during the fight.

