
On the night of the 25th, we bivouacked on Missionary Ridge.

On the morning of the 26th, the regiment was supplied with four days' rations and cartridges sufficient to supply the men with 100 rounds each. In the afternoon of the same day the regiment, with the balance of the brigade, marched to McAfee's Church, a distance of 8 miles, where we bivouacked that night.

Started on the morning of the 27th and marched to Ringgold, where we arrived about 10 a. m. Having been assigned our position in the line, we remained there until Sunday, the 29th instant, upon which day with the balance of the command, about 10 a. m., we took up the march for Chattanooga, and reached our old camp about 6 p. m.

Our loss is 6 enlisted men killed, 3 commissioned officers wounded, 19 enlisted men wounded, and 2 enlisted men missing; total, 30.

I remain, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOS. L. BUDD,

Major, Commanding Thirty-fifth Ohio Volunteers.

Captain JOHN R. BEATTY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 172.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William R. Tolles, One hundred and fifth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 105TH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with instructions contained in circular just received, I have the honor to report that this regiment left camp on the afternoon of the 23rd instant with the brigade, taking position on the left of the front line of the same, near the picket line, southeast of Fort Negley.

Here it remained until the morning of the 25th instant, when it marched with the brigade and division to the extreme left, taking position in the center of the second line of the brigade, fronting Missionary Ridge. While moving forward at a double-quick to the line of the breastworks at the foot of the ridge, the regiment sustained its heaviest loss from the fire of batteries posted on the summit of the ridge. After gaining the ascent, the regiment was formed in proper shape. Changing direction to the left, it moved forward and formed the advance line of the division. At this point the regiment was met by the enemy in force, delivering a deadly fire both on our front and flank, which was promptly returned, for the space of about thirty minutes. At the same time the regiment advanced to the brow of the hill, covering one piece of artillery, which the enemy were endeavoring to get off. In this they were foiled, and the One hundred and fifth brought off the gun and 2 horses, when the engagement ceased. Moving back on the ridge 30 or 40 rods, the regiment camped for the night.

On the afternoon of the 26th instant, it marched with the brigade to within about 6 miles of Graysville.

On the 27th instant, it moved to within 1 or 2 miles of Ringgold,

