
[CHAP. XLIII.

mander. He is a good division general and a sensible man, but hardly equal to this new position. Rousseau is deeply grieved because Palmer is put over him.

Ten 20-pounder rifle guns have been ordered from Nashville to be placed on a hill on the north side of the river, bearing on the head of Lookout Mountain. Some 30 guns will also be placed on the mamelons in Lookout Valley within 1,800 yards of the same object, and with the fire of all this artillery it is probable we can drive the enemy from that point, and thus open the river all the way to this place. Everything should be ready by Wednesday.

[C. A. DANA.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, November 1, 1863-4 p.m.

Having got short and rapid transportation for subsistence, a new difficulty suddenly appears. It seems that we have no subsistence stores at Stevenson, and that our steam-boats actually have to come up the river with light loads. The fault is with Lieutenant-Colonel Simmons, commissary of the department, and Captain Little, depot commissary at Nashville. There is no excuse for them, for even the universal intermeddling and non-action of Rosecrans cannot have prevented the bringing up of rations. They should, in my judgment, be at once dismissed from the service, but when I told General Thomas that I should ask you to dismiss them, he begged that such punishment might not be inflicted, since it was not certain that the fault was not with Rosecrans. General Reynolds, however, thinks both ought to be summarily dealt with. I promised Thomas that I would make no recommendation with respect to Simmons, but would simply report the facts. Thomas applies to-day for new chief commissary.

I recommend Colonel Clark B. Lagow and Colonel Joseph C. McKibbin, additional aides, be mustered out. The first belongs to Grant, who drunkenness. Both are worthless fellows, who earn no part of their pay.

Grant has dispatches from Sherman dated 27th, at Florence. One brigade was at Tuscumbia, and would have to march back to Eastport to cross the river. A regiment of Alabama cavalry, which Sherman had sent south to cut the railroad, had been worsted. Sherman's advance is necessarily slow, much as he is needed here. Burnside desires a diversion to be made by Thomas; but, as I have before reported, this army is immovable for want of animals, forage, and subsistence. Bridge nearly repaired.

[C. A. DANA.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, November 2, 1863-12 m.

Enemy firing occasionally from Lookout Mountain upon our lines in Chattanooga. No damage.

