
troops connected with this brigade on the left. We lay in this position for a bout one-half of hour, when we were ordered to advance, which we did for about 100 yards at quick time, when we were ordered to double-quick to gain the rebels' works from which our skirmishers had driven the enemy. During the time we were passing the open space between the woods and the enemy's works, and while we were lying on the ground at their works, we were exposed to a heavy flanking fire of artillery from the top of Missionary Ridge.

We, however, maintained our position for ten or fifteen minutes, when we were ordered to charge the ridge, which we did at doublequick, but the hill being very steep and rough, a great many of the men gave out before they reached the top, but they all succeeded in getting up in good time. On reaching the top we found the enemy in line 25 or 30 yards to our left, who delivered a murderous fire on our men as they ascended the crest of the hill, but our rear having got up by this time, we were enabled to hold our position and drive the enemy back in confusion. We then strengthened our position by removing the logs from their works and placing them on the opposite side of the ridge; bivouacked during the night. In the meantime, we received orders to draw four days' rations and be ready to move at a moment's notice.

In the morning we buried our own and the enemy's dead that were left on the field. We did not move until 3 p. m. the next day, when we moved to the right, following the First and Second Brigades, and after marching until after dark, we bivouacked 2 miles east of Rossville.

The next morning, at 4 o'clock, we marched to Chickamauga Creek (about 1 1/2 miles), where we halted for two hours until a bridge could be completed to cross that stream, when we again started and marched to Ringgold, where we arrived at 12 m., and bivouacked for the night.

November 28, received orders to go 3 miles south of Ringgold and destroy the railroad, which we succeeded in doing, destroying four bridges, tearing up track and burning the ties for about 1 mile, and returned to Ringgold, where we bivouacked for the night.

November 29, ordered to return to Chattanooga, where we arrived at dark.

I herewith submit a summary of casualties.

The Eighteenth Kentucky Infantry Volunteers, being on detached service, were not in the engagement.

During the engagement a great many prisoners were taken by the brigade, but they were immediately turned over to the provost guard of the brigade and division, and no memorandum kept of the number.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. H. HAYS,

Colonel Commanding Brigade.

Captain A. C. McCLURG,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

