
one company (G) of my command, under orders from General Baird, to reconnoiter the hill to our left, which I understand is commonly known by the name of Tunnel Hill.

At the close of the engagement on the heights, when we ascended, a considerable rebel force could be seen on that hill drawn up in line of battle across the north end of it, but it seems that the enemy immediately abandoned it, for Captain Mann returned in a short time and reported to me that the position had been evacuated. He captured on the hill 3 privates and a Major Webb, on the staff of the rebel General Stevenson.

The regiment went into the fight with 11 commissioned officers and 237 enlisted men. All things being considered, my loss was slight, being 2 killed, 16 wounded, and none missing. The names and rank of the killed and wounded will be found in a list* hereto appended. The regiment lost in action 7 Austrian and 2 Springfield rifles, and 9 sets of accouterments. These arms and accouterments were, however, those of the killed and severely wounded.

The regiment expended 8,090 cartridges in the fight.

I need not dwell on the subsequent operations with which the regiment was connected.

On the 26th and 27th, it marched as far as Ringgold in pursuit of the enemy, and on the 28th November assisted in destroying about a mile of the railroad and bridges beyond Ringgold, and on the 29th returned to camp at this place.

Such is a brief outline of the part taken by this regiment in the late successful campaign, and then men, though poorly clad, many of them being without socks, drawers, or blankets, and wholly destitute of overcoats, thereby suffering much from the cold and exposure, nevertheless submitted without complaint to every privation and hardship, ready and willing to make any sacrifice if they could only be of some service to the Republic.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MYRON BAKER,

Lieutenant Colonel, Comdg. Seventy-fourth Indiana Infantry Volunteers

Captain A. J. DAVIS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 176.

Report of Major Robert M. Kelly, Fourth Kentucky Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH KENTUCKY INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 1, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with orders, I have the honor to report as follows as to the part taken by this regiment in the late movements and engagements:

I received orders, November 23, to form the regiment at the works in front of its camp, making as much display as possible, at 1 p. m. About 4 p. m. moved out with the brigade and took position in front of Fort Negley, the regiment being in the front line, with the Tenth Kentucky Infantry on its right and Seventy-fourth Indiana on its left. About 11 p. m. moved by the left flank till my right rested on the Ringgold (?) road; remained in that position till about 3 a. m. of the 24th, when we moved forward by the right flank and occupied some unfinished rifle-pits, to the left of the Ringgold road,

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

35 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

