
thrown up by Sheridan's division. Completed them by an early hour in the morning, and remained in that position till about 9 a. m. of the 25th; then moved by the left flank up the river till near the pontoon thrown across by General Sherman; then faced about, and moved down the river again about three-fourths of a mile; then moved to the front and left, crossing a small stream and taking position about one-half mile in front of the left of the enemy's rifle pits, at the foot of Mission Ridge. The position of the regiment in the brigade was the same as first described. Companies B and C were thrown forward as skirmishers, under command of Captain Williams. About 3 p. m. the line was ordered to advance. The enemy fell back from their rifle-pits before our skirmishers, and at the same time opened a severe enfilading fire upon the advancing line from a battery on top of the ridge to our left. The front line of the brigade was halted and ordered to lie down under cover of the slight elevation along which the rifle-pits ran. the fire of the enemy still continued very severe, inflicting, however, no loss on this regiment. After resting nearly a half hour the line was ordered to advance at a run, halting and reforming as soon as covered by the hill from the fire of the battery on the left. The halt, however, was but momentary. Seeing from the movements of the line that other regiments were trying to get the start of us, and unable, by reason of the noise, to hear the orders of Colonel Phelps, commanding the brigade, who was leading the charge on foot, I ordered the men to keep closed up, and not allow any regiment to beat them to the top of the hill. The regiment then moved up the hill as fast and in as good order as the nature of the ground-steeper here than anywhere else-would admit. The steepness protected them, in great measure, from the infantry fire of the enemy in their breastworks at the top of the hill, and as the regiment reached the summit abreast with the rest of the line, the rebels fell back before them. After moving along the ridge to the left, firing briskly with the enemy till it became too dark to see, they fell back out of range, and I received orders to throw up works to strengthen our position. The regiment was reformed and placed in line, under the direction of Colonel Hays, Tenth Kentucky Infantry, commanding brigade, and the necessary works were finished in the course of a few hours.

Shortly after the works were finished, orders were received to procure four days' rations and to be prepared for a movement at daylight. We remained on the ridge, however, till afternoon of the 26th, and then moved with the brigade to a point 2 miles east of Rossville.

On the 27th, advanced to Ringgold, arriving there about the middle of the afternoon.

On the 28th, moved about 3 miles south of Ringgold, assisted in burning four bridges and tearing up a mile of the railroad track, and returned to camp of the preceding night.

At 11 a. m., November 29, marched for Chattanooga, arriving at dusk.

This regiment lost in the action of the 25th, 2 enlisted men killed and 9 wounded. One missing, supposed to be killed. I inclose a detailed and classified list of casualties.*

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. M. KELLY,

Major, Commanding.

Captain DAVIS, Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

