
On the 29th, we marched back to our old camp at this place, where we now are.

The campaign, though short, was very trying upon the soldiers, as many of them had no shirts, socks, or blankets, and all were on very short rations, yet there was never a complaint heard, and each seemed to strive to outdo his comrade in endurance of exposure.

all of which is respectfully submitted.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

G. C. WHARTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel Tenth Kentucky Volunteer Infantry.

Captain A. J. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 178.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Henry D. Kingsbury, Fourteenth Ohio Infantry.
HDQRS. FOURTEENTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY,Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken in the late engagement:

At about 4 p. m. of the 23d, my command was ordered to be prepared with two days' cooked rations, and be ready to march immediately. Very soon thereafter, the brigade, of which my regiment forms a part, commenced moving outside the works, through the sally-port at the left of Fort Negley. I followed the Seventy-fourth Indiana, marching left in front. After marching out about 400 yards, I was ordered to form in double column, closed en masse, on the right of the Thirty-eighth Ohio and in the second line of the brigade, and stacked arms, my command numbering 15 officers and 259 men.

We remained in position in front of Fort Negley till near 12 m., at which time we moved to the left nearly half a mile. We changed our position several times, when we were ordered to deploy and form in single line on the left of the Fourth Kentucky. It was then 4 a. m. the 24th, when we were ordered to strengthen a line of works that we then occupied on the left of the-road. By 10 a. m. the rifle-pits were completed, and all the brush to the picket line cut in our front.

We remained on the same ground till the morning of the 25th at 10.30 a. m., when we were ordered to the left, apparently to support General Sherman. We marched up the river about 3 miles, and were then halted, faced about, and marched back about 1 1/2 miles, and then filed into the woods toward Missionary Ridge. We formed in line about three-fourths of a mile from the foot of the ridge, my command occupying the extreme left of the second line, being in the rear of the Thirty-eighth Ohio and on the left of the Tenth Indiana. We moved out into an open field on double-quick, and across it to a rise of ground, about midway to the foot of the ridge. In doing so we were under an enfilading fire of a rebel battery on the summit of the ridge immediately over our left flank. In reaching the rise of ground I lost 1 man wounded by shell. After reaching the rise of

