
Sixteen pontoons of the bridge here were carried away about day-light this morning, and have gone down the river. Four were crushed yesterday. It is thus impracticable for the present to restore this bridge, and communication across the river is now had by means of flat-boats only. A flying bridge is being rigged, and will be at work before dark. Large flats are being made for use as flying bridges. The Brown's Ferry bridge is reported broken, but we have no official report, and presume the bridge is now in order. Both these bridges were made here. A regular pontoon bridge, which was laid across at Shellmound during Hooker's movement, has been brought up to Kelley's Ferry, and is to come here, but it will take much time to get it up past the rapids by hand, where General Thomas is unwilling to risk either of the steam-boats in towing. It is evident that pontoon bridges cannot stand the winter freshets, and General Meigs, whose services here are invaluable just now, has given orders for permanent structures. I have to report Brigadier-General Whitaker as drunk and disorderly in public, at the Brown's Ferry bridge, yesterday.

We have conflicting reports respecting the movement of rebel troops up the river, but the balance of evidence seems to me to show that it still continues.

[C. A. DANA.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, November 2, 1863-8 p.m.

Rebels fired about a dozen shells around Thomas' headquarters this afternoon. Nobody hurt.

Brown's Ferry bridge, broken this morning, was restored at 4 p.m. Bridge here still open; cannot be finished before to-morrow night. Flying bridges will be done by that time.

Dispatches from Sherman's army to 30th received. His advance was still at Florence. Latest reports from up river indicate rebels have sent there a corps of observation merely, consisting of divisions of Breckinridge and Stevenson, under Cheatham.

[C. A. DANA.]

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CHATTANOOGA, November 3, 1863-10 a.m.

Thanks to energetic efforts of General Reynolds, subsistence stores are coming forward. One hundred thousand rations landed at Kelley's Ferry yesterday, and 150,000 are to be landed there to-day. Captain Fry, shipping commissary, Louisville, complains railroad there leaves subsistence stores waiting for days in railroad depot.

Work on fortifications here, suspended since occupation of Lookout Valley, resumed to-morrow. General Meigs has brought up the necessary tools, and 4,000 men will be worked daily. Works finished in fourteen days, when 10,000 men can be left here and remainder of

