
ground we were partially covered by it, and lay in line about thirty minutes. We were again ordered forward double-quick across the clearing to the foot of Missionary Ridge. While crossing, the fire from the rebel battery was very severe. I lost 1 man killed and 2 wounded. We were ordered up the hill, and reached it just in time to prevent our forces from being driven back.

For half an hour the firing was quite severe upon my left. I lost in making the ascent and after reaching it 3 men killed and 17 wounded.

The officers and men behaved most gallantly in the charge up Missionary Ridge. After the fighting ceased, I stacked arms and immediately constructed a work in front of my regiment.

On the morning of the 26th, I was ordered to have my men prepared with four days' cooked rations, and each supplied with 100 rounds of ammunition, which order was complied with, and I awaited orders. At 2 p. m. we marched by the right flank off Missionary Ridge, and bivouacked on the Rossville road at 6 p. m.

The morning of the 27th, at 4.30 a. m., we marched on toward Ringgold, via Graysville, on the La Fayette road. Firing was distinctly heard in front and to our right, and we were pushed forward at a rapid rate. We formed in line just north of Ringgold, but were too late to take any part in the engagement.

The 28th, we were ordered up the railroad 1 1/2 miles to burn some bridges and destroy the railroad. We were there engaged until night. The 29th, at 11 o'clock, we were ordered back to Chattanooga to our camp, which place we reached at 4.30 p. m., being five hours and a half in marching 18 miles.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. D. KINGSBURY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Captain A. C. McCLURG,

A. A. A. G., Third Division, 14th Army Corps.

No. 179.

Report of Major Charles Greenwood, Thirty-eighth Ohio Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-EIGHTH OHIO VOLUNTEERS,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In compliance with instructions from the general commanding division, I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Thirty-eighth Regiment Ohio Volunteers, under my command, in the engagement of the 25th instant:

In all the movements made by the brigade prior to the 25th instant this regiment took part, its position being uniformly on the left on the brigade.

On the morning of the 24th instant, were ordered on picket, and at midnight were relieved by the Tenth Indiana Volunteers, and in turn relieved them at 7 a. m. on 25th instant. We then moved with the brigade to the left until close to the right of Major-General Sherman's command, and returning took up position with our left resting on the railroad.

