
Were ordered by Colonel Phelps, commanding brigade, to deploy Companies B and G as skirmishers to cover our left flank and center, Captain A. Newman taking command of the skirmish line. Were then ordered forward to the edge of the timber skirting the ridge. On reaching this line, we were ordered forward, on double-quick, to a ledge of rocks, and then to lie down. I then received instructions from the colonel commanding the brigade that upon a signal from the bugle to advance on a run, to gain the cover of timber still nearer the ridge.

This order was promptly obeyed, but I found the position too much exposed to the cross-fire of the enemy's artillery on either flank, and moved steadily forward to the summit of the ridge. on gaining this we received a heavy fire of musketry from the enemy, who were slowly retiring to the left. On two occasions the enemy rallied and attempted to force us back from the hill, but in each instance they were repulsed with severe loss. With the last repulse the firing ceased, and we bivouacked on the ridge during the night (25th).

On the 26th instant, moved forward with the brigade toward Rossville and Ringgold, and with it returned to camp on the evening of the 29th.

It is useless to mention the individual gallantry of any member of my command. Every officer and soldier behaved with the utmost coolness and gallantry, both while under the fire of the enemy's batteries at the foot of the ridge and their musketry while storming their position on the summit.

I send herewith a correct list*

of the killed and wounded of my command, also report of arms lost and destroyed and ammunition expended.

Respectfully submitted.

CHARLES GREENWOOD,

Major, Comdg, Thirty-Eighth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain A. J. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 180.

Report of Brigadier General John M. Brannan, U. S. Army, Chief of Artillery, Army of the Cumberland.
HDQRS. CHIEF OF ARTY., DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tennessee, December 5, 1863.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit, for the information of the major-general commanding the department, the following report of the operations of the artillery in my charge during the recent battle of Chattanooga, November 23, 24, and 25:

With considerable difficulty, owing to the deficiency in transportation, I succeeded in getting sixteen pieces of heavy ordnance into position on the line works, in addition to the two 30-pounder Parrott already in Fort Wood, by the 22nd November-four 4 1/2-inch Rodman guns, with the two 30-pounder Parrott being in Fort Wood, on the extreme left; four 20-pounder Parrott in Fort Cheatham,

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 85.

---------------

