
and four 4 1/2-inch Rodman guns in Battery Rousseau, on the center, and four 20-pounder Parrott in Fort Sheridan, on the right.

These forts occupied prominent positions on the line, the guns commanding the rebel intrenchments at the foot of Missionary Ridge and Lookout Mountain, and sweeping the level ground in their front.

In addition to the heavy guns on the line of intrenchments, by the night of the 23rd I had two 20-pounder Parrott on Moccasin Point, a point on the north side of the river, commanding the approach to with the Tenth Indiana Battery and the Eighteenth Ohio Battery, under Captain W. A. Naylor, Tenth Indiana Battery, subsequently did good service during Hooker's assault on Lookout Mountain, rendering it impracticable for the rebels to concentrate on the north side of the mountain to resist his attack.

The Tenth Indiana and Eighteenth Ohio Batteries had previously been stationed on this point for some weeks, and had succeeded in cutting off, in a great measure, the enemy's communication with Lookout Mountain by the northern route.

I had also seven field batteries on the line, viz: C and M, First Regiment Illinois Light Artillery; M, First Regiment Ohio Artillery; F and G, First Ohio Volunteer Artillery; Sixth Ohio and Seventh Indiana Batteries, so arranged at the defensible points as to insure a safe retreat should the attacking line be repulsed.

On the night of the 23d, I had the following batteries placed in position on the north side of the river at four several points, to cover the crossing of General Sherman's command and prevent a force moving to oppose him until he had taken up position and established communication with our left: Company B, First Regiment Ohio Volunteer Artillery, Lieutenant Baldwin; Company B, First Regiment Illinois volunteer Artillery, Captain Rumsey; Company F, First Regiment Illinois Volunteer Artillery, Captain Cheney; Company H, First Regiment Illinois Volunteer Artillery, Lieutenant De Gress; Company I, First Regiment Illinois Volunteer Artillery, Lieutenant Burton; Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery, Lieutenant McDowell; Thirteenth New York Battery, Captain Wheeler; Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, Captain Zickerick; Cogswell's (Illinois) battery, Captain Cogswell. These batteries were under the direction of Colonel James Barnett, first Regiment Ohio Volunteer Artillery, commanding First Division, Artillery Reserve, and Colonel Taylor, chief of artillery of General Sherman's command, and from their commanding positions were well calculated to effect the purpose for which they were intended.

Everything could have been in position by the morning of the 20th, but the contemplated attack having been postponed, it was unnecessary to make a final disposition of the guns until the night of the 22nd.

At about 12 m. on the 23rd instant, I opened with the heavy guns from all points on the line on the rebel positions at the foot of Missionary Ridge and the east side of Lookout Mountain with some effect, in many instances driving the enemy from their camps and line of works. At 3 p. m. on the following day, I ordered a section of 10-pounder Parrott to be placed at the tannery commanding the valley road and Chattanooga Creek, where it subsequently did good service.

