
Before light on the morning of the 24th, the troops at the bridge were across to the number of two brigades, and at light the laying of the bridge was commenced, and completed beautifully and successfully without firing a shot. Before noon, General Sherman's troops having passed well over and taken up their position, but few shots were fired in the direction of his front, which were thrown by the 20-pounder Parrott battery, in the direction of the tunnel, with good effect. Upon General Howard moving up on the opposite side of the river, some twenty shots were fired by the lower battery down the river to break up anything in his front, by Twenty-sixth Pennsylvania Battery, Company B, First Ohio, and Thirteenth New York, the shells carrying well over our troops and exploding handsomely at the foot of Mission Ridge.

On the 25th, the advance of General Sherman, with the batteries which he had crossed over, rendered any firing from our front unnecessary, and, with the exception of two or three shots fired by Captain Cheney upon a rebel advance in the direction of the tunnel, no firing was done.

Total number of rounds of ammunition expended, about 100; no casualties.

I have to express my acknowledgments for valuable services rendered me in posting the batteries of the command, to Colonel Taylor, chief of artillery for General Sherman; also to Major C. S. Cotter, commanding First Brigade, First Division, Reserve Artillery, and to Lieutenants Sturges and Sliney, who acted as my aides.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

JAMES BARNETT,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain LOUIS J. LAMBERT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.

Abstract from "Record of Events" on return of the First Division Artillery Reserve, for November, 1863.

Company E, First Ohio Light Artillery, was assigned to this division per Special Orders, Numbers 22. headquarters chief of artillery, Department of the Cumberland, November 21. Has been stationed at Dallas, on the Tennessee River, 15 miles above Chattanooga, guarding the ford at that place. Company A, First Ohio Light Artillery, has been stationed-one section at Blythe's Ferry, one section at Sale Creek, and one section at Cotton Port, guarding fords on the Tennessee River above Chattanooga.

On the 13th, the section at Blythe's Ferry had a sharp skirmish with the enemy, losing 1 man severely wounded. Batteries B and C, First Ohio Artillery, have been in camp on Stringer's Hill, opposite Chattanooga, during the greater part of the month.

On the morning of the 24th, they formed a part of the artillery force, under Colonel Barnett, employed to protect the crossing of the Tennessee River, near the mouth of Chickamauga Creek, by General Sherman's troops. The Eighteenth Ohio Battery was stationed on Moccasin Point, opposite Lookout Mountain, until the 27th, when it was transferred to Chattanooga. Batteries F, G, and M, and the Twentieth Ohio have remained in garrison at Chattanooga during the month.

