
until noon, when I was ordered by General Palmer to move to the right, in rear of General Carlin's brigade, and place a section in position on the north side of Chattanooga Creek, near the railroad crossing, and shell the enemy's position and the Summerville road on Lookout Mountain.

After firing 37 rounds, I broke the axle body of the left piece, rendering it unserviceable, when I ordered up Lieutenant Wheeler, with the right section, placing it in position about 30 yards to the right of the left section, and on the bank of the Tennessee River, and continued firing until dark. Result unknown, except from deserters, who stated that it prevented them from re-enforcing Lookout Mountain.

Found my ammunition generally good. The total number of rounds fired was 249, consisting of spherical case-shot and shell. Remained in position until 6 a. m. of the 25th, when, by order of General Baird, I moved to the left and took the position occupied by the battery on the morning of the 24th in front of Fort Cheatham. At 11 a. m. received orders from General Baird to move to the left in rear of his division, and take a position about 600 yards in front of Fort Wood and await further orders. At 4.30 p. m. I received orders from General Granger to move forward and take position on Mission Ridge, on the right of General Willich's brigade, where I remained in position until 11 p. m., when I received orders from General Thomas to return my horses to the Twelfth Wisconsin Battery, of General Sherman's corps, and having been notified by General Granger that the necessity of my remaining on Mission Ridge had passed, and being unable to find General Baird, I returned to camp in Chattanooga, arriving at 5 a. m. of November 26. Casualties, none.

O. GERMAN,

First Lieutenant, Commanding Battery.

Numbers 185.

Report of Colonel Eli Long, Fourth Ohio Cavalry, commanding Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, of raid on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad, and including operations November 17, 1863-January 3, 1864.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Calhoun, Tennessee, January [19], 1864.

GENERAL: I have the honor to submit detailed account, as follows, of the operations of my brigade since marching form Woodwille, Ala., pursuant to orders received on the night of November 17, 1863:

Lieutenant-Colonel Kitchell, Ninety-eighth Illinois Mounted Infantry, and Major Gray, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, having reported to me for orders, with detachments of their regiments, I marched on the morning of the 18th, with a command about 1,000 strong. Reaching Bridgeport on the evening of the 19th, I crossed the river next morning near Kelley's Ford.

On the 22nd. Major Dobb joined me with a battalion of the Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, and Lieutenant-Colonel Jordan reported with a part of the Seventeenth Indiana Mounted Infantry, and addi-

