
tional detachments of the Ninety-eighth Illinois Mounted Infantry, and Fourth Michigan Cavalry, increasing my command to 1,500 men. Marched that evening to Brown's Ferry and crossed the Tennessee River to north side, opposite Chattanooga.

On the 24th, receiving orders from Major-General Thomas to march to Cleveland, Tennessee, and destroy as far as possible the enemy's lines of communication in that direction, I crossed by pontoons above Chattanooga, and struck the Chattanooga and Cleveland dirt road, running along the railroad. A few miles east of Chattanooga I cut the telegraph wire, and at Tyner's Station burned two rebel caissons. At other points between this and Cleveland the telegraph was severed, and the railroad was destroyed in frequent places by burning and tearing up the track.

On the night of the 24th, I bivouacked 13 miles from Chattanooga and sent a party forward to Ooltewah, who found and destroy some 4,000 pounds flour. On the following day I burned two freight cars, together with 100 cords of tan bark, belonging to the Confederate States of America. Nearing Cleveland, rebel pickets were encountered and driven in. The advance regiment (First Ohio) then charged into the town and drove out Colonel Woodward, with the Second Kentucky (rebel) Cavalry Regiment.

Next morning I send a detachment, under Colonel Seidel, Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad, with directions to go, if possible, to Hiwassee River, and ascertain the enemy's strength at Charleston; also to tear up the railroad. Major Patten, with First Ohio Cavalry, was sent down the Dalton road and Major Dobb, with Fourth Ohio, back on the road we came, each party being directed to damage the railroad. Colonel Seidel went as far as Charleston and found Kelly's brigade stationed at Calhoun with artillery, and drove the cavalry across the river, losing 1 man wounded. Major Patten destroyed 10 miles of the Dalton track, and considerable damage was done on the other road. In Cleveland I found a considerable lot of rockets and shells, large quantities of corn, and several bales of new grain sacks, all belonging to the rebel Government. Destroyed all that was not appropriated to use of my own command. Burned several railroad cars found here; also the large copper rolling mill-the only one of the kind in the Confederacy.

Early on the morning of the 27th, I was attacked by General Kelly with a brigade of cavalry and a section of two pieces of artillery. Started my command out the Harrison road, sending forward the prisoners under charge of the Fourth Michigan Cavalry. Retired slowly, the enemy pressing us closely and shelling vigorously. A strong line of skirmishers was kept up till we had passed Candy's Creek, keeping in rear of my column and holding him in check, when the enemy retired. My loss during the action was 2 killed, 14 wounded, and 13 missing. Most of the latter have since joined. The enemy's loss was not fully known, but he suffered in killed and wounded more severely than we. I moved on, via Harrison, to Chattanooga, and reported in person at the headquarters of the major-general commanding.

During this trip I captured 233 prisoners, including a number of officers; also 85 wagons and 11 ambulances, which, together with their contents, were burned. Among this number of wagons was the train of General Wright's brigade.

On the 29th November, I again marched for Cleveland, pursuant

36 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

