
the train had crossed the bridge, moved over the river. Colonel Laiboldt was now sharply engaged, and soon had the enemy's lines wavering. I then drew sabers and charged, driving before me a force of some 400 or 500; pursued them to Chatata Creek, capturing 121 prisoners, including 5 officers, and many stand of arms. The enemy lost several killed and quite a number wounded, among the latter 2 colonels. The main rebel column retreated out the Dalton road. A detachment of my command followed them some 5 miles, and left them in full retreat.

December 30, the Fifth Ohio, by orders, was relieved from duty with me, and their removal caused the removal of the courier line to Kingston, as my command was too small to renew it.

On the 3rd instant, Captain Beebe reported to me with a section of his battery, Tenth Wisconsin, and remains here on duty. On the 6th, the Fourth Michigan returned to this camp, the courier line from Cleveland to Chattanooga having been withdrawn, and I then established a line from Calhoun to the Tennessee River at Cotton Port, connecting with line at Washington.

A great many of my horses were unshod when we started from Alabama, as some of the regiments had not been able to get any horseshoes since Wheeler's raid into Middle Tennessee, and there were no extra shoes in the command, nor could any be obtained at Bridgeport or Chattanooga, or anywhere on the whole march. More than one-half of the horses of my command were old, and not yet recovered from the hard marching after Wheeler. During the three days I was encamped in the vicinity of Kelley's Ford, it was with the utmost difficulty that I could get about half rations of short forage for my animals, and during the two days that I lay at Chattanooga I could not draw a grain. On coming to Chattanooga the second time, I was there thirty-six hours and got one feed of corn. On the march to North Carolina, after marching 30 miles, I had to encamp in the mountains without any forage whatever. Between the time we left Alabama, November 18, and the time we arrived here, December 15, we traveled (i. e., the main column) 463 miles, and the day we arrived in Knoxville we had marched on that and the two previous days 115 miles. I have been thus explicit in order to explain to the commanding general the reason why my command decreased with such extraordinary rapidity from dismounted men.

I would respectfully present to the favorable notice of the major-general commanding, for good conduct under all circumstances and unremitting attention to their duties, all of my staff, viz: Captain William E. Crane, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant William H. Scott, First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, acting ordnance officer and inspector; Lieutenant C. J. Norton, Second Kentucky Cavalry, aide; Lieutenant H. H. Siverd, First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, acting provost-marshal; Lieutenant J. B. Hayden, Fourth Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, acting quartermaster and commissary of subsistence, and Asst. Surg. John Cannan, First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, acting brigade surgeon; also Lieutenant-Colonel Seidel, Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, whose regiment was in advance approaching Loudon, and Captain F. P. Gates, Third Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, whose company had the advance of the regiment on approaching Loudon, for the gallant manner in which they drove the rebels on that occasion; also Major T. J. Patten, First Ohio Volunteer Cavalry, whose regiment, being in advance, was led by himself in person in fine style in the fight with Wheeler at this point, and

