
also for good conduct on that occasion, Captains Woodlief and Erwin and Lieutenants Hall, Roush, riggs, and Brison, of that regiment.

The men all did as well as they could.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ELI LONG,

Colonel, Comdg. Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

Brigadier General WILLIAM D. WHIPPLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

No. 186.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Edward Kitchell, Ninety-eighth Illinois (mounted) Infantry, of raid on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad.
HEADQUARTERS NINETY-EIGHTH ILLINOIS,November 28, 1863.

SIR: In obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Crook, I reported to you with my regiment on the night of the 17th November, and moved with your command across the Tennessee River, and in obedience to your orders, on the night of the 24th instant, I tore up the railroad track at Tyner's Station, on the Chattanooga and Cleveland railroad, in some seven or eight places, and burned two caisons.

On the 25th, I was ordered to follow the road leading from Cleveland toward Chattanooga in search of the enemy's wagon train. I followed wagon tracks on the road for more than a mile until I ascertained that no wagons had recently gone in that direction, and then returned and struck the road leading from Ooltewah to Cleveland, driving in the enemy's pickets toward Cleveland, and capturing 25 prisoners.

On the 26th instant, with the Ninety-eighth Illinois and a detachment of 100 men of the Seventeenth Indiana, I reported to Lieutenant-Colonel Seidel, Third Ohio, and with him proceeded to a point within 1 1/2 miles of Charleston. In compliance with his orders, I sent to his assistance two companies of the Seventeenth Indiana and 8 scouts of the Ninety-eighth Illinois, and with the remainder of my command crossed the hills and struck the Knoxville and Cleveland railroad at a point about 9 miles from Cleveland, and proceeded down the railroad track to the latter point, tearing up and burning the track in fifty different places, burning two cars and destroying two water tanks.

On the morning of the 27th instant, I moved out at daylight, and the command, being attacked by the enemy, consisting of infantry, artillery, and cavalry, when on the road leading to Harrison, in obedience to your orders, I ordered the Ninety-eighth Illinois to dismount, and sent for the Seventeenth Indiana to return to its support. The Ninety-eighth Illinois dismounted and, under charge of Major D. d. Marquis, moved forward in line, and soon discovered the enemy, consisting of infantry, cavalry, and artillery, which he charged and drove, until ordered to fall back. The Ninety-eighth Illinois fell back to the gap in the hills, and I ordered it to take position on the hills on the right. The Seventeenth Indiana, under

