
command of Lieutenant-Colonel Jordan, by this time had arrived, and I ordered him to take position on the hills on the left of the road. The fire of the Ninety-eighth and Seventeenth Indiana checked the advance of the enemy. I was ordered to fall back with my command slowly, keeping about 300 yards in rear of the horses, which I did until receiving orders to mount.

The loss of the Ninety-eighth Illinois is as follows: Private John Waters, Company D, wounded in fleshy part of right arm; Jacob Staltz, Company G, slightly in the shoulder; Aaron Reed, Company I, missing (supposed to be killed); J. B. Finnel, Company A, and Corpl. E. C. Jones, missing.

In the hurry of the retreat my pack train became separated from the command and the pack mules were abandoned. When ordered to mount horses, the Ninety-eighth Illinois and Seventeenth Indiana retired in good order, and arrived with balance of command in Chattanooga last evening.

Very respectfully,

EDWARD KITCHELL,

Lieutenant Colonel Comdg. 98th Illinois, 3rd Brig., 2nd Div. Cavalry.

Colonel ELI LONG,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 187.

Report of Lieutenant Henry Jordan, Seventeenth Indiana (mounted)

Infantry, of raid on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad.
HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH INDIANA VOLUNTEERS,Near Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: On the 18th instant, while in camp at Maysville, Ala., I received orders to report the regiment under my command to Colonel Long, commanding Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division, at Chattanooga. Owing to the fact that many of my men were without horses and others but poorly mounted, I was able to move, on the following morning, with but 243 men of the 492 reported for duty. Arrived at Stevenson at noon of the 20th, I was compelled to leave 12 of these at that point, their horses being completely exhausted. Arrived at Bridgeport the same evening, I left 5 men for the same reason. Leaving Bridgeport the following morning, I proceeded in the direction of Chattanooga, reached Colonel Long's headquarters about noon of the 22nd, and crossed the river with the brigade that night at Brown's Ferry.

On the 24th, with the brigade, I recrossed the river above Chattanooga and proceeded, via Tyner's Station, to a point on the East Tennessee railroad near Ooltewah, bivouacked for the night, and at daylight of the 25th took up the line of march for Cleveland, where I arrived at sunset.

The following morning, 26th, I was directed by Lieutenant-Colonel Kitchell, commanding Ninety-eighth Illinois, to send 100 men to join an expedition going to Charleston. I sent five companies, under command of Captain Anderson, and with the remainder of my command proceeded, in obedience of orders from Colonel Long, to destroy the railroad and a rolling mill at Cleveland.

