
On the morning of the 27th, at 4 o'clock, I was ordered to proceed to the north side of the town and cover the front of the First Ohio Cavalry, while their horses were being groomed. At sunrise, under orders received the previous evening, I took my position in the column and took up line of march in the direction of Harrison, the enemy in the meantime having appeared in force on the east and north sides of the town and opened upon us a vigorous fire. Reaching and crossing Candy's Creek, about 3 miles from town. I received an order from the rear to return and cover the retreat of the First Ohio Cavalry, which was being hotly pressed by the enemy with cavalry and artillery. I recrossed the creek and returned about 1 mile to a point where the road at right angles. Here I dismounted my command and formed line on the hill on the north side of the road, the Ninety-eighth Illinois at the same time continuing the line on the south side. We at once opened fire on the enemy, while the cavalry, forming our rear guard, passed through the gap. The enemy replied vigorously to our fire, his first volley killing 1 and wounding 6 of my men. At this juncture an officer from my left flank announced that the enemy had passed my left and was rapidly gaining the summit of a hill almost immediately in my rear. I at once communicated the information to Colonel Kitchell and commenced retiring my line. I succeeded in again crossing the creek without further loss, and remounting took my place in the column and proceeded, via Harrison, to this place.

My loss during the entire expedition was as follows: Killed, 1; wounded, 8; missing, 1; total, 10.

In addition to the above loss of men, I lost in the action of Friday morning 10 horses and 5 guns and accouterments.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY JORDAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

[Captain WILLIAM E. CRANE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.]

No. 188.

Report of Major Horace Gray, Fourth Michigan Cavalry, of raid on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MICHIGAN CAVALRY,Near Chattanooga, November 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the 24th instant at 12 m. I left camp opposite Chattanooga with my command, moving up the river about 4 miles to the pontoon bridge, which we crossed, and following up the river crossed the Chickamauga Creek.

The first battalion of my regiment was moved forward as advance guard, and soon came on to the enemy's pickets, who retreated. Advancing cautiously, we captured a courier at his post, and then moved on the railroad, cutting the telegraph wire. At Tyner's Station, our whole regiment was ordered in advance. Two miles from there we captured a train of 10 wagons, with their drivers, 1 officer, and a small guard. Encamped for the night near Ooltewah, throwing out a picket

