
in the advance. In the course of the night our picket captured 9 wagons and rivers and 1 lieutenant. A small party were sent to Ooltewah during the night, and returned with 17 prisoners, including 2 officers, and destroyed a train of 4 wagons.

On the morning of the 25th, left camp at 6 a. m., destroying the railroad bridge near Ooltewah and burning at Ooltewah some 4,000 pounds of flour, also capturing a lieutenant-colonel of the Confederate Army. Reached Cleveland at 5 p. m., and encamped for the night.

On the 26th, sent out two battalions to destroy the railroad.

On the 27th, took charge of the prisoners and returned to Chattanooga.

My loss during the time was 1 man wounded, slightly, and 1 taken prisoner, and 2 horses shot.

Respectfully, yours,

HORACE GRAY,

Major, Commanding Fourth Michigan Cavalry.

ACTING ASSISTANT ADJUTANT-GENERAL,

Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

No. 189.

Report of Major General William T. Sherman, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Tennessee, including operations since September 22, and march to the relief of Knoxville, with field dispatches November 18-29, and thanks of Congress.
HDQRS. DEPARTMENT AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Bridgeport, Ala., December 19, 1863.

GENERAL: For the first time I am now at leisure to make an official record of events with which the troops under my command have been connected during the eventful campaign which has just closed.

During the month of September last, the Fifteenth Army Corps, which I had the honor to command, lay in camps along the Big Black, about 20 miles east of Vicksburg, Miss. It consisted of four divisions: The First, commanded by Brigadier General P. J. Osterhaus, was composed of two brigades, led by Brigadier General C. R. Woods, and Colonel J. A. Williamson, of the Fourth Iowa; the Second, commanded by Brigadier General Morgan L. Smith, was composed of two brigades, led by Generals Giles A. Smith and J. A. J. Lightburn; the Third, commanded by Brigadier General J. M. Tuttle, was composed of three brigades, led by Generals J. A. Mower and R. P. Buckland, and Colonel J. J. Woods, of the Twelfth Iowa; the fourth, commanded by Brigadier General Hugh Ewing, was composed of three brigades, led by General J. M. Corse, Colonel Loomis, Twenty-sixth Illinois, and Colonel J. R. Cockerill, of the Seventieth Ohio.

On the 22nd day of September, I received a telegraphic dispatch from General Grant, then at Vicksburg, commanding the Department of the Tennessee, requiring me to detach one of my divisions to march to Vicksburg, there to embark for Memphis, where it was to form part of an army to be sent to Chattanooga to re-enforce General Rosecrans. I designated the First Division, and at 4 p. m. the same day it marched for Vicksburg and embarked the next day.

