
Among the wounded are Brigadier Generals Giles A. Smith, J. M. Corse, and Matthies, Colonel Raum, Colonel Wangelin, Twelfth Missouri Volunteers; Lieutenant-Colonel Partridge, Thirteenth Illinois Volunteers; Major P. J. Welsh, Fifty-sixth Illinois Volunteers, and Major McCalla, Tenth Iowa Volunteers.

Among the missing is Lieutenant-Colonel Archer, Seventeenth Iowa.

My report is already so long that I must forbear mentioning acts of individual merit. These will be recorded in the reports of division commanders, which I will cheerfully indorse, but I must say that it is but justice that colonels of regiments who have so long and so well commanded brigades, as in the following cases, should be commissioned to the grade which they have filled with so much usefulness and credit to the public service, viz: Colonel J. R. Cockerill, Seventieth Regiment Ohio Volunteers; Colonel J. M. Loomis, Twenty-sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteers; Colonel C. C. Walcutt, Forty-sixth Regiment Ohio Volunteers; Colonel J. A. Williamson, Fourth Regiment Iowa Volunteers; Colonel G. B. Raum, Fifty-sixth Regiment Illinois Volunteers; Colonel J. I. Alexander, Fifty-ninth Regiment Indiana Volunteers.

My personal staff, as usual, have served their country with fidelity and credit to themselves throughout these events, and have received my personal thanks.

Inclosed you will please find a map* of that part of the battle-field of Chattanooga fought on by the troops under my command, surveyed and drawn by Captain Jenney, of my staff.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

W. T. SHERMAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

Brigadier General JOHN A. RAWLINS,

Chief of Staff to General Grant.

[Inclosure No. 1.]

Statement of ammunition expended by the Army of the Tennessee during the engagements of the 24th, 25th, and 27th of November, 1863.

Kind.	 Caliber.	 No.

Elongated ball	 58	 620,000

cartridges

Elongated ball	 54	 6,000

cartridges

Rounds assorted	 -	 80

ammunition for 24-

pounder howitzers

Rounds assorted	 -	 140

ammunition for 12-

pounder howitzers

Rounds assorted	 -	 402

ammunition for 6-

pounder guns

Rounds assorted	 -	 80

ammunition for 12-

pounder guns

Rounds assorted	 -	 25

ammunition for 10-

pounder Parrott

Rounds assorted	 -	 95

ammunition for 20-

pounder Parrott

Rounds assorted	 -	 322

ammunition for 3-inch

Rodman

Rounds assorted	 -	 179

ammunition for 3.80-

inch James

Total number of rounds	 -	 1,323

of artillery ammunition

expended

Average number of rounds per man of small-arms ammunition, 41.

Average number of rounds per gun of artillery ammunition, 25.

F. H. PARKER,

Chief Ordnance Officer, Department and Army of the Tennessee.

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

