
the Nickajack trace. I am watching my detachments carefully. We have spread out boldly, and made an impression, I think, with little risk. Deserters and refugees say that our force "in the valley and back on Raccoon" is estimated at 30,000.

An impression prevails in Bragg's army and among the inhabitants beyond Lookout that he is sending back his heavy artillery, and intends falling back; some think massing toward our right flank. I intended Corse to seize the pass boldly, but to draw back if attacked in force, and to look carefully to his detachments. Loomis will move to Corse speedily if he is attacked. I am making a good demonstration, and of course running some risk, but I think very little. I have no fear of a serious attack. I am destroying the iron-works, and hope by morning to see them all"fall to lawless ruin."

I had great lines of fires on Raccoon last night, representing an army corps at least, and made a fine show in the valley. Yesterday at noon a party of mounted officers arrived on Lookout opposite town, and spent a couple of hours examining the situation.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH EWING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HDQRS. IN THE FIELD, 4TH DIVISION, 15TH ARMY CORPS,Trenton, Ga., November 20, 1863.

Brigadier-General CORSE,

Commanding Second Brigade;

GENERAL: If the enemy approach in any force, draw your detachment quickly down the mountain, and, if followed, fall back on Loomis, who has orders to move to you if attacked. If threatened in your rear, move rapidly this way and go to work and hold them for Loomis. Keep a bright lookout in all directions. Set parties to work at once to undermine and destroy the stocks and machinery of

all iron-works in your vicinity, but do not burn or blow up-do it without noise. Cassell is coming with tools, but do what you can.

EWING,

Commanding Division.
HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Trenton, Ga., November 20, 1863.

General CORSE,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: As I wrote you this morning draw your detachment down the mountain if attacked in any force and be ready and fall back on Loomis if necessary to avoid a fight of any consequence. Our purpose is not to bring on an engagement, and if a fight is approaching we must concentrate here.

Respectfully,

HUGH EWING,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

