
at the mouth of Chickamauga. The remainder of the brigade will drop down and land below the mouth of Chickamauga and at once prepare a rifle-trench at the summit of the hill. The whole of the Second Division will then cross to the north of the Chickamauga and the Third Division to the south, each working smartly to fortify the ground and to improve the landings.

Both these divisions, each with one good battery, should be across and well covered by break of day, and a pontoon bridge finished across the Chickamauga, to connect these two divisions.

The First and Fourth Divisions will approach the Tennessee by separate ways, one above and the other below the Chickamauga but keep out of observation of the enemy until the opposite bank is secure and boats ready to receive them. This will probably be as early as 7 a. m., when they will be rowed across rapidly and move out. The First Division will cross the Chickamauga and follow it up to near abreast of Missionary Ridge, and ascend the hill at its point. The Fourth Division will move out toward Tunnel Hill, keeping connection up with the left division on Chickamauga Creek, which is the guiding flank.

The Third Division, John E. Smith, will form the center and march by column of divisions, ready to deploy forward, direct to the middle hill, keeping up with the left division.

The Second Division will follow the center division as soon as relieved by the division of the Army of the Cumberland which will take its place in line, or act according to circumstances not yet fore seen.

General William F. Smith will give all the detailed arrangements for crossing over, and the commanding general will explain in person to the division commanders the ground and maps. The utmost silence, order, and patience must be displayed. The boats will take their loads from the heads of columns, and the men will resume their places the moment they reach the opposite bank of the Tennessee. Very great care must be taken by division commanders that the routes of march do not cross each other. The First and Second Division crossing above Chickamauga should follow the road up the valley, where our camps are, and around north of these headquarters; the Third and Fourth Divisions can take the direct route, by the head of John E. Smith's camp. Except in case of orders, muskets must not be loaded until the troops are disembarked on the other side of the Tennessee.

Division commanders of the Second, Third, and Fourth Divisions will select one battery to accompany the division; the others will be left in position to cover the crossing, under the direction of the chief of artillery, who will at once commence to place these batteries, being careful not to stop roads needed by the movement.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE Tennessee,No. 15. Near Chattanooga, November 23, 1863.

Owing to the non-arrival of troops expected, the operations of the Fifteenth Corps, as planned for this morning, are postponed for twenty-four hours. The instructions issued for this morning will,

