
ferry, General Ewing's division being in their rear. I know not what time it will cross. Owing to repairs, the bridge has not been used for the past hour. Have you any instructions?

Very respectfully,

J. C. AUDENRIED,

U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,November 27, 1863-11.40 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN, Commanding:

GENERAL: My head of column has passed through Parker's Gap; have met no force yet. A very large train went on Cleveland and Ringgold road last night with small escort. Great fears were expressed that you would cut them off at Ringgold.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,November 27, 1863-7.10 p. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: One division of my command is established near the junction of the Ringgold and McDaniel's Gap road. Two small brigades with a section of a battery are pushed forward to the railroad at Red Clay. They reached there at sundown, captured 3 men guarding remnants of train, which our cavalry burned; captured an officer (lieutenant of General Kelly's staff) and 2 orderlies. A captain with them escaped. This rebel staff officer reports that his division of cavalry attacked Colonel Long at daylight this morning at Cleveland, and defeated him, taking from him about 200 prisoners, and Long retreated toward Harrison. He reports also that Kelly's cavalry is on the way to Dalton. This officer was on his way to Bragg, had no written dispatches, and what he said about his cavalry may not be true. Information from different quarters shows that no train has been from Dalton farther than Red Clay since last Monday. Inhabitants report that the enemy retreated through Dalton, intending to make a stand below. My brigade, under Colonel O. Smith, found three cars (good ones). He will effectually destroy the road, burn the cars, and then return here.

The distance from our camp last night to Red Clay is 18 miles.

Respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Graysville, Ga., November 27, 1863.

Major General F. P. BLAIR, JR.,

Commanding Fifteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding has conferred with General Grant to-day at Ringgold, and has received substantially the following orders:

That the pursuit of the enemy has ceased, and that after the de-

