
movement back to Chattanooga simultaneously by different routes, without coming into contact.

The Fifteenth Corps will do all the labor of destruction of railroad required by General Grant to-morrow.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. AND ARMY OF THE TENNESSEE,Graysville, Ga., November 27, 1863.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: General Sherman visited General Grant to-day at Ringgold by appointment, and the following movements were ordered:

After the destruction of a section of the railroad from Dalton to Cleveland by your corps, and its return to Parker's Gap, the army will return to its original camps, at or near Chattanooga, by way of Chickamauga Depot. In anticipation of your return, the general has ordered General Davis' division, and your wagon train, to await your coming at or near Parker's Gap.

Tomorrow the Fifteenth Corps will destroy railroads and all property of use to an enemy in this neighborhood, and General Hooker's command will, in like manner, destroy that in the neighborhood of Ringgold, and as soon as advised of your arrival at Parker's Gap, the general will make the necessary orders for the general movement back to Chattanooga. Therefore, as soon as you reach Parker's Gap, please report what you have done, and make all preliminary preparations for the return march.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Graysville, Ga., November 28, 1863-2.10 a. m.

Major-General HOWARD,

Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 10 p. m. is received. The general desires that you hold your command at or near Parker's Gap until General Jef. C. Davis reaches that point from Ringgold. He is ordered to move up this morning at his leisure, and to bring with him your wagon train.

The pursuit of the enemy will be pushed no farther, and, after the destruction of railroad, mills,&amp;c., at Ringgold and here, General Grant intends to move leisurely back toward Chattanooga. You may make all preliminary arrangements to that end, and cause the road back to Chickamauga Depot, via camp ground, to be reconnoitered, with a view to avoid returning either to Ringgold or this point.

Instructions will be given to turn all parties of men and wagons belonging to your command to you at Parker's Gap, and, as soon as the general learns officially that your command is assembled at that point, he will send orders for the general movement, which will not, in all probability, occur until tomorrow (the 29th).

