
To insure the receipt of your wagon train, the general suggests that you send a staff officer to Ringgold to bring it up to Parker's Gap. Road from Ringgold to Parker's Gap is comparatively good. Road from Ringgold to this point is bad and much cut up.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,November 28, 1863-6.30 a. m.

Major-General SHERMAN,

Commanding Army of the Tennessee:

GENERAL: The two brigades sent to Red Clay returned at 12.30 a. m., having destroyed the railroad for 2 miles effectually; they burned the ties and bent the rails. They also burned two cars, destroyed a water-tank and the depot, which has been a place for storing supplies. The brigades have marched 26 miles during the day.

Very respectfully,

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH CORPS,Cleveland, Tennessee, November 29, 1863.

General SHERMAN:

I left Parker's Gap with my command at daylight, and marched along the old Alabama road, communicating with General Davis through the gaps. Arrived here about sunset. A company of rebels left town a half hour before. I have sent a brigade to intercept any retreat on the Dalton road, but this company took a road to the left of the direct road to Dalton and escaped. My corps is encamped to the front and right of the town.

Respectfully

O. O. HOWARD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF THE TENNESSEE,Cleveland, Tennessee, November 29, 1863.

Major General O. O. HOWARD,

Commanding Eleventh Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you please move your command by the direct road to Charleston, starting between the hours of 8 and 9 tomorrow morning, communicating with General Davis on your left, on approaching the Hiwassee River. You will please secure all boats and bridges that may be found at the river. General Blair will destroy the Dalton railroad south of Cleveland, and follow on your track about 10 a. m.

By order of Major General W. T. Sherman:

R. M. SAWYER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

