
ants Sample and Franklin, by my direction, attempted to establish stations on the main ridge.

They advanced with the assaulting column, and with it were repulsed three several times, Lieutenant Sample receiving a bullet in his clothes in the second assault. They were finally unsuccessful, our troops failing to carry the position.

I cannot speak too highly of Lieutenant Samuel S. Sample, whom I consider most zealous and untiring in his efforts to promote the interests of the corps, and to insure the success of our arms. That he is totally regardless of personal danger can be testified to by every officer of General Sherman's staff who was on the field during the battle of Mission Ridge and the pursuit of the enemy in Georgia. At a skirmish near Graysville his clothes were again torn by the enemy's bullets. General Sherman spoke to me in the highest terms of commendation of this officer.

After pursuing the enemy to Ringgold, Ga., General Sherman returned to Graysville, with orders to destroy the railroad, thence to Chickamauga Depot, and then return to camp at Moccasin Gap.

Immediately upon our arrival at Graysville my party was ordered to accompany Captain Jenney, chief engineer, and to assist in making a survey and map of the battle-field of Mission Ridge. This in consequence of a representation in surveying and topography, and were proficient therein. This duty was performed to the satisfaction of the chief engineer. The signal corps then returned to camp at Moccasin Gap.

General Sherman, after detaching us on engineer duty, received orders to proceed to Knoxville, which he did, unaccompanied by the signal party.

I have the honor to be, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O H. HOWARD,

Captain, and Chief Signal Officer.

Major WILLIAM J. L. NICODEMUS.

Numbers 191.

Report of Brigadier General Peter J. Osterhaus, U. S. Army, commanding First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Bridgeport, Ala., December-, 1863.

GENERAL: The First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, having been assigned to the command of Major-General Hooker on the evening of the 23rd ultimo, I have the honor to report on the part taken by the division in the operations in the vicinity of Chattanooga from November 24 to November 27, inclusive.

The actual strength of the division on the morning of November 24, was:

First Brigade, Brigadier General C. R. Woods commanding: Seventy-sixth Ohio Infantry, 327 men; Thirteenth Illinois Infantry, 278 men; Third Missouri Infantry, 217 men; Twelfth Missouri Infantry, 241 men; Seventeenth Missouri Infantry, 143 men; Twenty-ninth Mis-

