
souri Infantry, 129 men; Thirty-first Missouri Infantry, 123 men; Twenty-seventh Missouri Infantry, 256 men; Thirty-second Missouri Infantry, 149 men. Total First Brigade, 1,863 men.

Second Brigade, Colonel J. A. Williamson commanding: Fourth Iowa Infantry, 293 men; Ninth Iowa Infantry, 285 men; Twenty fifth Iowa Infantry, 307 men;Twenty-sixth Iowa Infantry, 213 men; Thirtieth Iowa Infantry, 199 men; Thirty-first Iowa Infantry, 215 men. Total Second Brigade, 1,512 men.

Artillery: First Iowa Battery, 4 pieces, 42 men; Fourth Ohio Battery, 6 pieces, 105 men; Landgraeber's horse artillery, 4 pieces, 86 men; total, 14 pieces and 233 men.

Pioneer detachment, Captain Klostermann, 70 men.

With this command I reported to you at 7.30 a. m. on November 24, 1863, in compliance with orders received during the night, and was assigned the position on the left of the lines then forming opposite the western slope of Lookout Mountain, on and behind the hills and ridges which are separated from the mountain by Lookout Creek. On my arrival on the ground I found one Napoleon battery (of the Twelfth Corps) on the hill on the extreme left, in full view and easy range of the enemy's pickets, which were strung along and behind the railroad embankment on the eastern side of said creek. Another battery of 3-inch Rodman was in position on the crest of a ridge immediately in rear of the above hill. I detailed the Fourth Iowa and Thirteenth Illinois Infantry to support the Napoleon battery, and the Twenty-fifth Iowa to support the Rodman battery.

On the southern slope of the ridge, crowned by the latter battery, I found earth-works thrown up, and mounted them with two 20-pounder Parrott guns, of Captain Froehlich's (Fourth Ohio) battery, with the Thirtieth Iowa to support them. The Parrott enfiladed a long series of rebel rifle-pits leading from the foot of the mountain to their main camp, which also came under the fire of the guns.

All the bridges across Lookout Creek having been destroyed by the enemy, the pioneers, under Captain Klostermann, were ordered forward to construct a bridge across, and the First Brigade of infantry, commanded by Brigadier-General Woods, protected their work, while one section of Captain Griffiths' (First Iowa) battery was brought to an eminence commanding the point selected for the bridge, and also exposing a considerable portion of the railroad, which was occupied by the enemy's sharpshooters and pickets, to its fire.

The remainder of the Second Brigade, Colonel Williamson commanding, as well as all the pieces of artillery not mentioned, were kept in reserve, near the earth-works occupied by the Parrott guns, ready to support and strengthen the attack about to be made on the enemy's position, and to push on the pursuit whenever the enemy was once started.

Soon after 10 a. m. all preparations for the contemplated attack were finished, bridges built, &amp;c., and we only awaited the appearance of General Geary's division, which was to come from the right, attacking the enemy's left flank.

At 11 a. m. we heard General Geary's fire, and our guns opened immediately with great effect. Their practice was so perfect that, with the assistance of my line of skirmishers, which I ordered to advance to the bank of the creek, the rebels were soon compelled to yield their line behind the railroad and their intrenchments on the

