
[CHAP. XLIII.

Numbers 91.-Major General Oliver O. Howard, U. S. Army, commanding eleventh Army Corps, including march to the relief of Knoxville, with complimentary orders.

Numbers 92.-Surg. Daniel G. Brinton, U. S. Army, Medical Director.

Numbers 93.-Brigadier General Adolph von Steinwehr, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division.

Numbers 94.-Colonel Adolphus Buschbeck, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 95.-Colonel George W. Mindil, Thirty-third New Jersey Infantry.

Numbers 96.-Major David A. Peloubet, Thirty-third New Jersey Infantry.

Numbers 97.-Lieutenant Colonel Allan H. Jackson, One hundred and thirty-fourth New York Infantry.

Numbers 98.-Colonel Patrick H. Jones, One hundred and fifty-fourth New York Infantry.

Numbers 99.-Major August Riedt, Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.

Numbers 100.-Lieutenant Samuel D. Miller, Seventy-third Pennsylvania Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.

Numbers 101.-Colonel Orland Smith, Seventy-third Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade, including march to the relief of Knoxville.

Numbers 102.-Lieutenant Colonel Godfrey Rider, jr., Thirty-third Massachusetts Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.

Numbers 103.-Colonel James Wood, jr., One hundred and thirty-sixth New York Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.

Numbers 104.-Colonel Charles B. Gambee, Fifty-fifth Ohio Infantry, including march to the relief of Knoxville.

Numbers 105.-Major Samuel H. Hurst, Seventy-third Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 106.-Major General Carl Schurz, U. S. Army, commanding Third Division, including march to the relief of Knoxville.

Numbers 107.-Itineraries of the First Brigade (Brigadier General Hector Tyndale) and the Third Brigade (Colonel Frederick Hecker), November 1-30.

No. 108.-Major Thomas W. Osborn, Chief of Artillery.

Numbers 109.-Captain Michael Wiedrich, First New York Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery, Second Division.

Numbers 110.-Captain William Wheeler, Thirteenth New York Battery, including march to the relief of Knoxville.

Numbers 111.-Lieutenant Christopher F. Merkle, Battery G, Fourth U. S. Artillery.

Numbers 112.-Brigadier General John W. Geary, U. S. Army, commanding Second Division, Twelfth Army Corps, with congratulatory orders.

Numbers 113.-Colonel Charles Candy, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding First Brigade.

Numbers 114.-Colonel Thomas J. Ahl, Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding regiment and First Brigade.

Numbers 115.-Colonel John H. Patrick, Fifth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 116.-Captain Ernst J. Krieger, Seventh Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 117.-Colonel William T. Fitch, Twenty-ninth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 118.-Captain Thomas McConnell, Sixty-sixth Ohio Infantry.

Numbers 119.-Lieutenant Colonel Ario Pardee, jr., One hundred and forty-seventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 120.-Colonel George A. Cobham, jr., One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

Numbers 121.-Colonel William Rickards, jr., Twenty-ninth Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 122.-Lieutenant Colonel Thomas M. Walker, One hundred and eleventh Pennsylvania Infantry.

Numbers 123.- Colonel David Ireland, One hundred and thirty-seventh New York Infantry, commanding Third Brigade.

