
opposite bank of the creek. They made for a less exposed position higher up the mountain, but the infantry column of General Woods (First Brigade of my division), which had crossed the creek under cover of the artillery, pressed the enemy vigorously, while, with the remaining portion of the Second Brigade, I ascended the mountain in as direct a line as possible, in order to reach the right of General Wood's brigade and press the retreating enemy toward him.

In executing this maneuver I captured so large a number of prisoners that I found it prudent to detail the Ninth Iowa Infantry to bring them to the rear, across Lookout Creek. Another regiment of the Second Brigade was detailed by you to follow up the railroad, leaving only one regiment, the Thirty-first Iowa, with me.

I pushed forward, however, and reached the so-called white house (about two-forward, up the mountain) at a critical moment.

the position near the white house is very important; it is, in fact, the key to the whole Lookout, commanding alike its eastern and western declivities. On my arrival there, the commanding officer of a brigade of General Geary's division informed me that he was out of ammunition, and that he anticipated an attack from the enemy. I at once ordered the Thirty-first Iowa and the Third and Twenty-seventh Missouri Infantry (the two latter of the First Brigade), who had just come up, to relieve General Geary's men. This had hardly been done when the rebels charged with great vehemence, and attempted to regain the numerous intrenchments they had thrown up all around the white house. They were, however, signally repulsed, and my regiments held this very important position during the following night. I re-enforced them, however, during the evening by the Fourth Iowa and Thirteenth Illinois Infantry, who had in the meantime been relieved from supporting the battery.

During the occurrences on the right of my line, General Woods deployed his regiments, under the immediate direction of Major-General Hooker, on the slope, covering en echelon all the ground between the white house and the Chattanooga road at a point where it runs round a promontory about 250 feet above the level of the Tennessee River.

The enemy, fully aware of the importance of the position gained by us, made several attempts to dislodge us in the fore part of the night-attempts which were completely frustrated by the vigilance and valor of my men.

After midnight he abstained from further attacks, and commenced his retreat toward Missionary Ridge, under cover of a very dense fog. Toward morning I replenished the empty cartridge boxes of the infantry, and regulated my lines, returning all regiments which had been on special service the day previous to their proper commands.

At 10 a. m. on November 25, 1863, I received your order to march immediately in pursuit of the enemy toward Rossville, my division leading. Half an hour afterward we left, descending by the Chattanooga road, on which my left had rested, into the valley. The few mounted infantry attached to headquarters as staff guard, and commanded by Captain W. T. House, scoured the country in all directions, and soon ascertained that the bulk of the enemy had crossed Chattanooga Creek. the bridges across which stream had been very recently burned.

Captain Klostermann's pioneers were immediately put to work repairing one of the bridges, while the leading regiment (Twenty-

