
After yielding to the enemy a short time, the regiments under command of Colonel Williamson rallied promptly and soon possessed themselves of a position on the ridge in advance of the one they had occupied before.

These struggles, in the course of which so many deeds of bravery and patriotism were exhibited, had lasted from 9 a. m. to about 1 p. m., our infantry fighting single handed against the combined arms of the enemy.

At last, about 1 p. m., Captain Landgraeber reported with his battery of 12-pounder howitzers. Thanks to the bridge builders, he could not cross Chickamauga Creek until about 9 a. m. I ordered his right section into action on an open piece of ground in rear of General Woods' (right) brigade, whence the gorge and the enemy's artillery could be played upon. A section of 2.90 Parrott, belonging to another corps, co-operated with Landgraeber. The firing from these pieces was excellent; they enfiladed the whole gorge and the line of retreat of the rebels.

The enemy's guns were soon silenced, and an advance along our whole line found the enemy retreating at all points. Colonel Williamson discovered them in an attempt to burn two bridges across Chickamauga Creek, and drove them away in time to save the bridges. Your orders were not to pursue any farther.

We captured during these engagements: First Brigade, as per memorandum, 1,999 officers and men; Second Brigade (estimated), at least 800 officers and men.

The losses of my division were previously reported in a nominal list. They amount in all these days to:

Commissioned officers: Killed, 7; wounded, 39; missing, 4. Enlisted men: Killed, 50; wounded, 296; missing, 40. Total casualties, 50 commissioned officers and 386 enlisted men.

I beg leave to call yours attention to the very heavy percentage of losses among the officers, and I cannot pass over this fact without expressing the highest praise for their energy, valor, and, in fact, every virtue which honors a good soldier. To name those who behaved most gallantly is the next thing to an impossibility, as I feel under so many obligations to every one, officers and men. They all were ready to do their duty, and they did it nobly and well under most trying circumstances. I did not find any stragglers belonging to my command on any of the four days of glory and victory. I take great pleasure, however, in recapitulating from the reports of my brigade commanders the names which they mention. The heroic Colonel Wangelin, of the Twelfth Missouri, who lost his right arm; Lieutenant-Colonel Partridge, of the Thirteenth Illinois, who lost his left hand; the lamented Major Bushnell, of the Thirteenth Illinois, who sacrificed his life; Colonel Cramer, of the Seventeenth Missouri; Colonel Meumann, of the Third Missouri; also that most excellent officer and chivalrous gentleman Major Warner, of the Seventy-sixth Ohio Infantry, and Major Nichols, of the Fourth Iowa Infantry. Also the several gentlemen composing the brigade staffs are highly commended.

I have some names to add from my personal observation. First and above, all, Brigadier General C. R. Woods, commanding First Brigade, who, from his skill and soldierly appearance, was highly instrumental in achieving my success; Colonel J. A. Williamson, commanding Second Brigade; Captain W. T. House, of the staff guard, whose zeal and courage was of the greatest assistance to me; Captain W. A. Gordon,

