
with such precipitancy that he left everything but his artillery in our possession. We pursued him until we came to a fork in the road where his forces had separated; we never saw them afterward. Here we halted and planted our standard on the top of Missionary Ridge, and on the left and rear of Bragg's army, a most important position, on which enabled the brave and gallant Osterhaus, who was with us at the time, to get in the rear of the enemy's left wing, which was then about to flee in confusion.

Our division having now come up with us, Osterhaus was not long in taking advantage of the position thus gained. We moved forward the distance of 1 1/2 miles, when we encountered and captured the greater part of Clayton's rebel brigade, with one piece of artillery, our division suffering but little in this engagement. It was now near night, and the enemy retreating in all directions, broken into small squads. We had all we could do to get the captured together, when night had thrown her dark mantle over one of the most glorious scenes in this war-the rout of the rebel army from Missionary Ridge.

The Twenty-seventh captured at Rossville Gap large quantities of arms, fixed ammunition for artillery and infantry, and a large supply of commissary and quartermaster's supplies. Later in the day we captured several horses, mules, and wagons, one of the wagons loaded with ammunition for Clayton's rebel brigade, the remainder with baggage, all of which were destroyed.

In this day's engagement we lost 2 killed and 6 wounded (1 officer, Lieutenant McFadden, slightly), and 2 missing. The enemy's loss at the gap was much greater, he having 7 killed and 36 wounded. We captured 160 prisoners, including 1 surgeon and 1 chaplain, making a total of 400 captured by the Twenty-seventh during the two days' engagements-1 for each man in the regiment and 150 over.

I am happy to say, as commanding officer of the Twenty-seventh Infantry Missouri Volunteers, that every officer and man honorably sustained the reputation already won by the soldiers of Missouri on many a hard-fought battle-field.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS CURLY,

Colonel, Commanding Twenty-seventh Missouri Volunteers.

JOHN B. GRAY,

Adjutant-General, State of Missouri.

Numbers 194.

Report of Major Willard Warner, Seventy-sixth Ohio Infantry.

HDQRS. SEVENTY-SIXTH OHIO VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Ringgold, Ga., November 28, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the part taken by this regiment in the action of yesterday at this place, as follows:

On reaching the town I was ordered by General Osterhaus to go to the left of the gap of me mountain and move up on the crest of a ridge running at right angles with the main ridge to the crest and then wheel to the right. I moved steadily up the mountain, which was high and steep, with a strong line of skirmishers well to the front, meeting little opposition until near the summit, when a heavy fire was opened on us. We pressed steadily forward, driving the

