
enemy before us, and gained the summit of the ridge, so as to see the enemy going down the opposite slope. At this time the fire on our flanks from the crest of the ridge, which had been annoying us for some minutes before, became very severe. With both flanks of the regiment bent back to oppose this flank fire we held the crest of the hill for twenty minutes. During this time the Fourth Iowa, which had been following us, marching by the flank, came into line on our rear, at my request, and came to our support. There being none of our troops on our right or left near us or in sight, the enemy advanced in heavy force on both flanks, and I was obliged to give the order to retire slowly and fighting, which my regiment did in good order, leaving on the crest Actg. Adjt. Lieutenant John R. Miller and 15 enlisted men killed, and bringing off Captain Ira P. French and Lieutenant S. B. Wall, mortally wounded. We retired a few yards to a position where we could protect our flanks and halted. Here Colonel Williamson received orders from General Osterhaus to hold the position which we then held, which was done by the three regiments forming a crescent-shaped line, and continually skirmishing with the enemy in front and on both flanks. The ground retired from was covered by our fire, so that our dead and mortally wounded left were not plundered by the enemy. The enemy soon retired, and we moved forward and again occupied the ridge. Here we could see the enemy's train and troops retreating on the road beyond the ridge.

The conduct of officers and men was gallant beyond praise. Captain French was killed planting the colors. Lieutenant Metzgar was wounded, and Captain Blackburn struck, and 4 of the color guard and Sergeant Preston, of Company C, were wounded; and Private Joseph W. Jennings, Company C, killed while carrying the colors. Lieutenant and Actg. Adjt. John R. Miller fell in the front rank with his feet to the foe. Lieutenants Wall and Lemert were both dangerously wounded while bravery cheering on the men. Our loss was 18 killed and 44 wounded. Our dead all lay on or near the crest of the mountain.

I beg to refer to Colonel Williamson, commanding Second Brigade, to whom, on his arrival, I reported for orders, for testimony as to the conduct of my regiment. Our loss was 40 per cent. of men engaged.

After carrying off our wounded, and collecting our dead, I marched down the mountain and reported for orders, the enemy having disappeared.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLARD WARNER,

Major, Comdg. Seventy-sixth Regiment Ohio Vol. Infantry.

Captain C. H. KIBLER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ADDENDA.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FIRST DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Ringgold, Ga., November 28, 1863.

Brigadier General C. R. WOODS,Comdg. First Brig., First Div., 15th Army Corps:

GENERAL: I feel it to be but an act of justice to the Seventy-sixth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, which was detached from your brigade and fought with mine, to state freely the part it took in the battle of Ringgold.

