
Numbers 196.

Reports of Lieutenant Colonel George Burton, Fourth Iowa Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH IOWA INFANTRY, Lookout Mountain, November 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, agreeably to your order, about 7 a. m. of yesterday the Fourth Iowa Infantry moved forward and took a position on a hill immediately in front of Lookout Mountain, and near the Tennessee River, supporting the First Ohio Battery there planted.

About 11 o'clock, when the engagement became spirited on the right, by the personal order of Brigadier-General Osterhaus, I sent forward 50 of my regiment as skirmishers, under command of Major Nichols, to the bank of the creek skirting the base of the mountain near the river, and engaged the attention of the enemy at that point. I also shortly afterward, by further direction of General Osterhaus, moved the regiment down the hill in advance of the battery, sustaining and relieving.

About 4 p. m. I received an order from Colonel

------

, on the staff of Major-General Hooker, to report forthwith with the regiment to Brigadier-General Geary, commanding [Second] Division, [Twelfth]

Army Corps.

I thereupon crossed the creek, and under the direction of General Geary, arrived and ascended the mountain, reaching a position assigned us near the cliffs about dark, and awaited orders. Soon afterward I relieved the Twenty-fourth [?] Ohio Infantry, who represented themselves as out of ammunition. Here our right rested on the base of the cliffs connecting onto the left of the Thirty-sixth Indiana, on line extending directly down the mountain, our left joining at right angles the right of the Thirty-first Iowa. While here the regiment assisted materially by its enfilading fire in repulsing two charges of the enemy, and must certainly have inflicted upon them a severe loss.

About 1 a. m. of to-day we were relieved by the Seventh Ohio.

Too much praise cannot be awarded both officers and men for the coolness, promptness, and firmness with which they advanced to and held the various positions assigned them, in nearly every case under a heavy fire. Our loss in the day's engagement was 1 killed and 6 wounded, a list* in detail of which is hereby appended.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, sir, your most obedient servant,GEO. BURTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Fourth Iowa Infantry.

Captain GEORGE E. FORD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH IOWA INFANTRY, Camp near Ringgold, Ga., November 28, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, about 10 a. m. of yesterday, we arrived at Ringgold, and were immediately ordered by Colonel J. A. Williamson to follow the Seventy-sixth Ohio Infantry,
---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

