
and move by the right flank in rear of the center of that regiment for the purpose of supporting it. The Seventy-sixth Ohio at this time was in advance of us, moving to a point at the base of Taylor's Ridge, a short distance to the east of the town. On arriving at the base of the hill, I obeyed the order strictly until the regiment was half way up the ascent, when, at the request of the major commanding the Seventy-sixth Ohio, I brought my regiment into line immediately in his rear, still moving steadily forward. When near the crest of the hill, the men of both regiments, from the steepness and ruggedness of the ground and the heaviness of the enemy's fire, being somewhat deployed, the regiment was ordered to fix bayonets, and charge in line with the Seventy-sixth. The order was gallantly obeyed; the crest of the hill was taken and held for about ten minutes, when the enemy, being in heavy force, rallied in our front and charged upon our right and left flanks simultaneously, at the same time pouring upon us a heavy direct and enfilading fire. Under these circumstances, having no support, we were compelled to fall back about 30 yards down the hill, where we succeeded in holding our position until re-enforcements arrived. About 2 o'clock we again advanced and scaled the hill. The enemy, however, had by this time evacuated his position. Under the order of Colonel J. A. Williamson, who was present, we now moved a short distance along the ridge toward the gap near the town, when we advanced down the hill and drove the enemy from the railroad bridge, which they were endeavoring to destroy. While the regiment was putting out the fire on the bridge nearest the gap, by further order of Colonel Williamson, I sent Major Nichols, with 40 men, to save the railroad bridge in advance on the road by which the enemy had retreated, which was also in flames.

Both officers and men merit highest praise for their coolness and bravery during the day's engagement.

Our casualties were 7 killed, 24 wounded, and 1 missing. A list* in detail is hereto appended.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

GEO. BURTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Fourth Iowa Infantry.

Lieutenant LEMUEL SHIELDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 197.

Reports of Colonel David Carskaddon, Ninth Iowa Infantry.

CAMP OF NINTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Lookout Mountain, Tennessee, November 25, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your order, I left camp in front of Lookout Mountain with the remainder of the brigade, and proceeded with them toward Lookout Mountain. After crossing Lookout Creek and ascending a part of the hill in my proper position in brigade column, I was ordered back by Brigadier-General Osterhaus to receive and guard all prisoners that had been or might be taken by our forces constituting the column assaulting Lookout Mountain. Upon arriving on the other side of the creek I

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

