
CAMP OF NINTH IOWA INFANTRY VOLUNTEERS, Ringgold, Ga., November 28, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report that, in obedience to your order, I left camp in the vicinity of Chickamauga Creek, Ga., at 5 a. m. yesterday morning, and advanced south with the remainder of the brigade. I followed the Twenty-sixth Iowa in the position in brigade column, crossing the bridge and going through the town of Ringgold under fire from both the artillery and infantry of the enemy. I halted by your order in the center of the town for about five minutes, after which proceeded to the foot of Taylor's Ridge, and after forming the line began to ascend the hill under a heavy fire from the enemy posted on the summit.

Arriving near the crest of the hill I found there but two regiments, lying directly under the summit, in immediate proximity to the enemy, who were posted in overpowering numbers upon the summit. I advanced the colors of the regiment to a line with the colors of the two regiments there posted, and arranged my command as a support to the two regiments already there.

I remained for two hours engaging the enemy, being partially sheltered by the crest of the hill. Soon after I arrived at the summit, the enemy attempted to dislodge us by a flank movement down a ridge to the right. I changed the front of four companies toward the right, and compelled the enemy to retire from our flank with some loss.

After attempting a number of times to dislodge us, the enemy left the hill I occupied together with the Fourth Iowa and Seventy-sixth Ohio Infantry Volunteers.

Passing over the hill I advanced to the front in company with the Fourth Iowa Infantry Volunteers until I reached a creek which it was impossible to cross, pursuing the retreating enemy and skirmishing with them continually. I advanced for about one-half a mile on a road running between the base of the ridge and creek, but was unable to cross, and in obedience to your order I returned to the railroad at the mouth of the gap in the ridge.

The courage and endurance of the men was put to the severest test, but there were no signs of faltering of flinching, and all are worthy of commendation as cheerfully obeying all orders.

I append a list* of casualties in the regiment during the engagement.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

DAVID CARSKADDON,

Colonel, Commanding Ninth Iowa Volunteers.

Lieutenant LEMUEL SHIELDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Brigade.

Numbers 198.

Reports of Colonel George A. Stone, Twenty-fifth Iowa Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH IOWA VOLUNTEERS, Lookout Mountain, Tennessee, November 25, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment yesterday in the action of Lookout Mountain:

I formed line of battle at 5 a. m. and followed the First Iowa and

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 2 killed and 8 wounded.

---------------

