
First Missouri batteries until I had reached a point just opposite the point of rocks on Lookout Mountain, when Captain Gordon, assistant adjutant-general, First Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, ordered my regiment forward to support the First New York Battery,* situated almost under the point of rocks.

I remained in this position till dark, and, on account of our secure locality in the rifle-pits, and the enemy being unable to depress his guns sufficiently to reach us, suffered no loss.

At dark I had orders from Captain Gordon to leave one company with the battery and report myself with the remainder of the regiment to Major-General Butterfield for special duty. I accordingly left one company (Company F, Captain Allen) as ordered, and at once reported with the nine remaining companies to General Butterfield, and from him had orders to take a position on the extreme right of the army to prevent any attempt the enemy might make during the night to turn the right flank of the army, and in case of no attack, to join my brigade at daylight next morning.

I therefore proceeded to the right of our lines, took a position, made a personal reconnaissance of the ground both on my front and right, and to attack being made, I reported the regiment to the colonel commanding the brigade the next morning.

I have no casualties to report in killed, wounded, or missing.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. A. STONE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant LEMUEL SHIELDS,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brig., 1st Div., 15th Army Corps.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-FIFTH IOWA VOLUNTEERS, Missionary Ridge, Tennessee, November 26, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the action yesterday on Missionary Ridge:

As we approached the ridge and the skirmishers had just commenced the engagement, I proceeded, in accordance with orders from General Osterhaus, to take position on the left of the division to repel a cavalry attack feared coming in our left rear. Finding that one division of the Fourth Army Corps were in my front, and that no danger need be apprehended from a cavalry attack from that direction, I sent word to General Osterhaus, and was then ordered by him to guard the pass between Missionary Ridge and some other ridge on the right, where the enemy was intending to escape.

I picked up 27 prisoners here and had them turned over to General Carlin's brigade.

At 8 p. m., by orders from aide-de-camp, Lieutenant Darling, I rejoined the brigade.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, yours,GEO. A. STONE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant LEMUEL SHIELDS,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brig., 1st Div., 15th Army Corps.

---------------

*Probably Battery I, First New York Artillery.

---------------

