
regulars could have withstood the stampede of those regiments that

passed above me, and had they not come near us, I know in 30 minutes I should have gained the hill.

The casualties are as follows: Killed, none; wounded, 29; missing,

none. Of the wounded 7 were officers.

Very respectfully, lieutenant, yours, &amp;c.,

GEO. A. STONE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant LEMUEL SHIELDS,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 199.

Report of Colonel Milo Smith, Twenty-sixth Iowa Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-SIXTH REGIMENT IOWA INFANTRY, Near Ringgold, Ga.,November 29, 1863.

SIR: In accordance with your order of the 28th instant, I have toreport that my command was ordered to be ready to move at 6 a. m.

on the morning of the 24th instant, and were formed in line of battle in Lookout Valley with the balance of the brigade, and when the advance was made and the charge ordered on Lookout Mountain, they advanced with the balance of the brigade to the crossing of the creek, and were then ordered by General Hooker to file to the left up the railroad to support the force stationed at the cut on the line of the road, where we remained until ordered by the brigade commander to rejoin the balance of the brigade, then advancing across the point of Lookout Mountain. After advancing to the crest of the hill, were placed in line of battle of the brigade, and remained in that position during the night, which was very dark, foggy, and rainy, and while remaining in line of battle were ordered to advance a line of skirmishers for observation, and

while advancing the skirmishers to the necessary position, Lieutenant Colonel T. G. Ferreby was severely wounded in the left leg and carried from the field, and two of the skirmishers were slightly wounded upon the evacuation of Lookout Mountain.

On the morning of the 25th instant, we were ordered to march, with the balance of the brigade, to Missionary Ridge, and when nearing the ridge were ordered by General Osterhaus in person to file to the left and advance through the timber to prevent a flank movement of a regiment of the enemy's cavalry. We remained in the position

assigned us by General Osterhaus in person until ordered by the brigade commander to rejoin the balance of the command. We then filed up through the defile in the ridge and took the position assigned us on the right of the summit of the ridge, and followed

our advancing line until darkness put an end to the battle and the enemy had fled in confusion from the field. In this day's operations we lost no men, either in killed, wounded, or missing.

On the 26th instant, we marched from Missionary Ridge to the camp, about 4 miles from Ringgold, and the morning of the 27th the command advanced to Ringgold and were at once ordered to charge the enemy strongly posted on Oak Ridge, a very strong position in the rear of the town. The brigade to which we belong charged up the hill as rapidly as the nature of the ground would permit, and

