
taking position as near the top of the ridge as the constant and severe fire of the enemy would permit, maintained the position thus taken until the enemy fled from the field, and the Fourth, Ninth, and Twenty-sixth Iowa Infantry advanced and took possession of the field, in connection with the Seventy-sixth Ohio, of the First Brigade, of the same division. The regiments above alluded to maintained their position through a severe and galling fire without flinching, while the troops to the left of us broke badly and fled in confusion from the field, and left our left exposed to a flanking fire from the enemy. During this day's operations the regiment had 1 captain and 2 lieutenants wounded, 3 privates killed and 7 wounded.

After the enemy had fled from the field the regiment, in connection with the Ninth Iowa, pursued the enemy to the creek beyond the ridge, and were pursuing them farther when ordered by General Osterhaus to return to town. While pursuing the enemy from the field we were constantly picking up straggling prisoners, but deeming them of so little account no memorandum of the number was kept, but as fast as taken were turned over to other commands having prisoners in charge.

During the three days in which we were engaged, the men and officers of my command did all that was asked of them with cheerfulness, and endured the hardships and privations without a murmur, and in all places acquitted themselves with credit to the command to which they belong, and to the State that sent them to the field.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

MILO SMITH,

Colonel, Comdg. Twenty-sixth Regiment Iowa Infantry.

Colonel J. A. WILLIAMSON,

Commanding Brigade.

Numbers 200.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Aurelius Roberts, Thirtieth Iowa Infantry.

HDQRS. THIRTIETH IOWA VOLUNTEER INFANTRY, Ringgold, Ga., November 28, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to report the part my regiment took in the engagements of the 24th, 25th, and 27th.

On the morning of the 24th, I was ordered to follow the Ninth Iowa Volunteers, which I did for the distance of about 1 mile. Here we remained until 1 p. m., when, by order of Colonel Williamson, I moved my regiment forward to the works to support one section of the Fourth Ohio Battery (Parrott guns). Here I remained until 5 p. m., when I was ordered by General Osterhaus to report with my regiment to General Butterfield, who ordered me to report to General Geary on the side of Lookout Mountain. At 8 p. m. I reported to General Geary for orders, and was ordered to relieve the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, which was done. About 11 p. m., after posting sharpshooters on the right and left of the point (mountain), I ordered my regiment to rest for the night. No casualties.

40 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

