
On the morning of the 25th, I received orders to join my brigade, which I did about 9 a. m., when I was again ordered to follow the Ninth Iowa Volunteer Infantry. After crossing Mission Ridge and moving by the right flank through the gap, I was again ordered to halt, for a short time, I was again ordered back through the gap out up the ridge on the right of Mission Ridge, still on the left of the Ninth Iowa Infantry Volunteers. We had proceeded in this manner about one-half mile from the gap, when I was cautioned by General Osterhaus to be prepared for an attack from the left. I was here ordered to halt and send forward my skirmishers, which I did. I was then ordered to move my regiment by the left flank, in line with and on the left of the Ninth Iowa Volunteers. I moved in this manner until within about 300 yards of the enemy, who was strongly posted on Mission Ridge. Here I was ordered to move my regiment forward double-quick until within about 75 yards of the enemy. Here I halted, and my regiment was hotly engaged with the enemy for about twenty minutes, when the enemy broke, leaving some 20 killed and wounded and 25 prisoners in our hands. I sent the prisoners to the rear of my regiment, and moved by the right flank, following the Ninth Iowa Volunteers, along the ridge until ordered into camp by Colonel Williamson. Casualties, 1 killed and 4 wounded.

On the 27th, reached Ringgold at 10 a. m. Passed through Ringgold and formed in line of battle in rear of the Ninth Iowa Volunteers, at the foot of the ridge on the left of the town. I was then ordered to move to the left of the Ninth Iowa Volunteers, and then by the flank advancing up the ridge, and soon became hotly engaged with the enemy. My regiment was here ordered to halt, but seeing that I was exposed to a cross-fire from the enemy, I again moved forward to a more secure and advantageous position, when I again ordered my regiment to halt, and kept up a brisk fire with the enemy-who was strongly posted behind hastily constructed works of logs and stones-about one hour, when I had to cease firing on account of the Twenty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers and Seventh Ohio Volunteers passing through my regiment. They advanced some 20 paces in front of my regiment, when they broke under a heavy fire from the enemy, passing through my regiment in great confusion, causing my regiment to break and fall back. I rallied my regiment and formed line at the railroad, and again moved forward to the ridge, and passing over the ridge, finding that the enemy had retreated, I moved my regiment to the railroad, where I received orders to move to camp.

Both officers and men acted very bravely until thrown into confusion by the retreat of the Twenty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers and Seventh Ohio Regiment. I could have easily held my position if my regiment had not been thrown into confusion by those regiments.

Casualties in this day's engagement were 2 killed and 21 wounded. I am, lieutenant, your obedient servant,

AURELIUS ROBERTS,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

Lieutenant SHIELDS,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brig., 1st Div., 15th Army Corps.

