
Casualties as follows: Thirtieth Ohio Volunteer Infantry, killed, 5; wounded, 30. Thirty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, killed, 5; wounded, 33. Forty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry, killed, none; wounded, 3. Fourth [West] Virginia Volunteer Infantry, killed, none; wounded, 7. Eighty-third Indiana Volunteer Infantry, killed, none; wounded, 3. Total killed, 10; wounded, 76. Total loss, 86 killed and wounded.

I beg leave to submit a supplementary report, in which I will give names, company, and regiment of the killed and wounded.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. J. LIGHTBURN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Lieutenant J. C. HILL,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 204.

Report of Brigadier General Hugh Ewing, U. S. Army, commanding Fourth Division, including operations since September 28.

HDQRS. FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, November 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the late operations of my division:

After the enemy were driven from the capital of Mississippi, we encamped on Black River, in rear of Vicksburg, and occupied some weeks in restoring discipline and drill. September 28, we marched to Vicksburg. October 5, arrived by steamer at Memphis. Marched on the 11th, passed Corinth on the 17th, and halting at Iuka on the 19th, laid out and partly built a fort.

On the 27th, at the head of the corps, we crossed the Tennessee at Eastport, and occupied and intrenched Florence, Ala.

On the 3rd of November, we were deflected north by Elk River; crossed it on the 8th, at Fayetteville, near its source. Marched thence through Winchester, and south over the mountains by Stevenson, reaching Bridgeport on the 15th.

On the 16th, the division was ordered by General Sherman to drive the enemy from Trenton and threaten Bragg's left flank by demonstrating in the valley of Lookout.

On the 17th, we crossed the Tennessee and moved, by Shellmound and Gordon's Mines, over the Raccoon Mountain by a trail to the summit overlooking town, and camped, concealing our fires.

On the 18th, Cockerill's brigade, followed by that of Corse, descended and drove out the enemy. Loomis' brigade halted on the summit, and detached to Wimm's Gap, down which the main road enters the valley, building extensive camp fires along the mountain at night. Two brigades of Stevenson's division, under General Brown, came down Lookout by the Nickajack trace, and threatened us, but marched back at dusk.

On the 19th, Cockerill made a reconnaissance in force down the valley, drove all outlying parties up Nickajack trace, and returned after night. Corse moved up the valley 15 miles, drove the Ninth Virginia through Johnson's Crook, up and over Lookout Mountain, leaving a strong detachment on the summit and camping his main

