
force in the valley. Loomis moved down Raccoon by Wimm's Gap, and headed up the valley, leaving Colonel O'Meara, Ninetieth Illinois, to hold the gaps. At night extensive fires were built at the two gaps on Raccoon, on Lookout, in the crook, in the old camp of Corse, and the camps of Loomis and Cockerill. All roads and traces, not blockaded, leading down Lookout Mountain for 23 miles were watched, and the various detachments held well in hand for concentration.

On the 20th, the Fourth Tennessee Cavalry ascended from McLemore's Cove to drive us from the mountain. General Corse charged them with 40 mounted infantry, led by Captain Nunn, supported by infantry, routed and drove them beyond their camps in the cove, inflicting a heavy loss in killed, wounded, and prisoners, and capturing arms, horses, and equipage. Loomis moved toward Corse, and Cockerill placed a detachment at the Nickajack trace.

On the 21st, in compliance with orders, the detachments were called in, the division concentrated at Trenton and marched down the valley, the leading brigade camping within the lines of Hooker, and the rear below Nickajack.

On the 22nd, we recrossed the Tennessee at the base of Lookout, and rejoined the corps. While in the valley we destroyed the iron-works, breaking to pieces the engines and machinery and leveling the stacks to the ground.

BATTLE OF CHATTANOOGA.

The 23rd was spent by the chief officers in examining the plan of battle and studying the ground from the heights.

On the 24th, we crossed the Tennessee in boats at the mouth of Chickamauga, and, after intrenching, moved by the flank, left in front, on the right of the corps in echelons by division, and took possession of Mission Ridge, adjoining Tunnel Hill, the right of Bragg's position. The brigade of Corse held the summit, that of Cockerill the slope, that of Buschbeck, Howard's corps, attached to my command, continued Cockerill's line into the valley, with Loomis in reserve. Of Callender's battery, the 24-pounder howitzer, two Rodman, and a smooth six were dragged by hand to the summit and went into action, and two smooth sixes placed on the slope; the remaining batteries were in position over the river covering the passage. During the evening and night the troops, aided by the pioneer corps, intrenched their front.

On the 25th, Corse led his brigade down the gorge and up Tunnel Hill, assaulting and carrying it with great gallantry. We drove the enemy from his entire intrenchments, and reduced the larger part to possession. For the extreme southern point, heavily massing behind it, he contended until nightfall, when he abandoned the position. We transferred a portion of our artillery to the summit after dark.

In the assault, when at the head of his men, General Corse was wounded and carried from the field, his place being ably filled by Colonel Walcutt.

Loomis moved his brigade in line of battle across the open fields under a trying artillery and infantry fire, drove the enemy up the Tunnel road and hill south, and took and maintained the position assigned him, threatening and opening the way to the tunnel from the flank and rear. The steadiness with which this movement was

