
At about 12.30 p. m. I received an order from Major-General Sherman, through General Ewing, to advance and place my left on the Tunnel Hill road, and hold the ground. The advance was promptly made, and the position taken under heavy fire and with severe loss. At the same time the skirmishers carried the railroad, driving the enemy from it, Glass' house, and adjacent buildings, which were burned by the enemy. My extreme left not occupying a position to suit, and being threatened on my entire front and left flank by the enemy coming down the hill-sides and the road, I ordered two regiments of Colonel Buschbeck's brigade toward to strengthen my left and hold a position more desirable. The Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania and Seventy-third Pennsylvania, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel Taft, performed this duty in the most gallant style, the combined force driving the enemy back and up the hill to his former position, without my order, but in a most spirited and gallant manner. Lieutenant-Colonel Taft assaulted Tunnel Hill, carrying the Twenty-seventh Pennsylvania close up to the enemy's works, and holding them there, the Seventy-third Pennsylvania remaining in the position assigned them near Glass' house. While this assault was in progress the enemy made an attack on my left with a strong column down Tunnel Hill road. I at once requested General Matthies, commanding a brigade of General John E. Smith's division, sent to my support, to stop them, which he most promptly did, driving them up the hill in confusion. General Matthies then joined in the assault upon Tunnel Hill in a most spirited manner. After the termination of this assault the enemy, returning in large force, captured a part of the Seventy-third Pennsylvania, who were holding the log houses at Glass' place, the house having been burned by the enemy when driven out of it. At about 4.30 p. m., on the order of General Ewing, I recalled the troops and bivouacked my brigade, prolonging the line on the right of the division. During the night large parties were kept on the field to bring off the dead and wounded, and all of the latter, with one exception, were removed before morning, when a detail, under Chaplain M. D. Gage, Twelfth Indiana, and an assistant surgeon, was sent to the field to bury the dead, care for the wounded, and receive property. During the day the artillery did good service in checking the enemy and driving him from cover.

I have the honor to mention for gallant conduct a few of the many who deserve it: Major John B. Harris, Twenty-sixth Illinois, in command of skirmishers; Captain Joseph W. Gillespie, One hundredth Indiana; Captain Charles W. Brouse, One hundredth Indiana, and Lieutenant John W. Geisinger, One hundredth Indiana, commanding skirmishers; Lieutenant John C. Harrington, Ninetieth Illinois, commanding skirmishers; Lieutenant Edward S. Lenfesty, Twelfth Indiana, and Lieutenant Lemuel Hazzard, Twelfth Indiana, commanding skirmishers.

On the battle line the gallantry of officers was beyond praise. I particularly desire to mention my regimental commanders for spirited and splendid performances of duty; also Captain Ira J. Bloomfield, acting assistant adjutant-general; Lieutenant Henry G. Collis, One hundredth Indiana, acting aide-de-camp, for most intelligent, gallant, and meritorious service on the field, and Lieutenant Hawley, Third Cavalry, of General Ewing's staff, for valuable services on the field. All who acted on my staff are entitled to high praise. Every color bearer in my brigade was shot down and four-sevenths of the entire

