
color guard, but men were thick to raise up and bear to the front the flags of their regiments.

For my gallant dead and wounded, I have no language to do them justice; among them are many of the most useful and intelligent officers of the brigade. I feel compelled to mention officers found out of place, in positions too doubtful to admit of explanation. Major E. D. Baldwin, Twelfth Indiana; Captain Patrick Feeney, Ninetieth Illinois; Captain John H. Folks, Twenty-sixth Illinois; Captain George M. Trotter, Twelfth Indiana; Lieutenant Patrick Campion, Ninetieth Illinois, and Lieutenant Lawrence S. McCarthy, Ninetieth Illinois.

I have the honor to append the list of casualties* and to transmit the reports of regimental commanders.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN MASON LOOMIS,

Colonel 26th Illinois, Comdg. 1st Brig., 4th Div., 15th A. C.

Captain J. D. McFARLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Maryville, Tennessee, December 6, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor respectfully to report that, in obedience to orders of Brigadier General Hugh Ewing, commanding Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, I marched at break of day November 26, 1863, from my bivouac at the foot of Missionary Ridge, across the Chickamauga Creek and up its right bank in the direction of Chickamauga Station in pursuit of the retreating enemy. Bivouacked for the night about 15 miles from Chattanooga, and resumed the march early the following morning. The command arrived at Graysville, Ga., at 2 p. m., and was halted by the general commanding to await the arrival of the supply train and the distribution of rations.

On the morning of the 28th, under direction of Lieutenant John Campbell, aide-de-camp to Brigadier General Hugh Ewing, I marched my brigade some 3 miles down the railroad and made preparations to destroy it as soon as two car-loads of wounded should pass up from Ringgold. These cars passed over the road about 5 p. m., and the brigade immediately began tearing up the track, burning the ties, and bending the rails. Having completely destroyed the road for 3 miles and burned two truss bridges across Chickamauga Creek, by order of the general commanding I returned to Graysville with my command and bivouacked for the night, at the same time receiving notice that our pursuit of the retreating enemy had for the time ceased.

I have the honor to transmit herewith the accompanying reports of regimental commanders.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,JOHN MASON LOOMIS,

Colonel 26th Illinois Inf., Comdg. 1st Brig., 4th Div., 15th A. C.

Captain J. D. McFARLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Embodied in revised statement, p. 87.

---------------

