
Numbers 206.

Reports of Colonel Charles C. Walcutt, Forty-sixth Ohio Infantry, commanding Second Brigade.

HDQRS. SECOND BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Graysville, Ga., November 28, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor of submitting the following report of the part taken by the Second Brigade in the attack upon the rebel forces on the 24th and 25th instant, together with a list of casualties:

The position of the brigade was upon the right of the division, and numbered 920 effectives, commanded by Brigadier General John M. Corse. The brigade advanced about 2 p. m. on the 24th, and took possession of the first range of hills in front of Missionary Ridge with but little resistance, the enemy, some 200 or 300 strong, retiring hastily and in disorder behind his batteries on the main ridge. In the evening the enemy threw a few shots from his guns, which by the prompt arrival of Richardson's battery, under the command of Lieutenant Callender, were soon silenced, leaving the brigade to rest for the night in quiet.

At 7 a. m., 25th, General Corse gave orders for the Fortieth Illinois, Major Hall, and Companies A, F, and B, of the One hundred and third Illinois, under Major Willison, to be deployed as skirmishers, with the Forty-sixth Ohio, under my command, in reserve, for the purpose of charging the enemy intrenched on the ridge between us and Tunnel Hill. This charge the general led in person, driving the enemy before him and finally from his works to the protection of his guns on the opposite hill. After the brigade had taken position on this ridge, our eager general gave orders to charge the enemy's battery on Tunnel Hill. Three lines of skirmishers were deployed in the following order: Fortieth Illinois, Major Hall; one wing of the One hundred and third Illinois, under Major Willison; one wing of the Forty-sixth Ohio, under Captain Ramsey, with the remainder of the brigade organized as reserve, under my command. This charge too, was led by our gallant general. The advance was sounded, and the several lines rushed over the brow of the hill under a most terrific fire. Being in easy canister and musket range, it seemed almost impossible for any troops to withstand it, but so eager were the men to take the new position that they charged through it, all with a fearlessness and determination that was astonishing. In this charge, our brave general fell badly wounded. Once only did the line waver, and that was when he was being borne from the field, but they were soon rallied. Every effort was made to reach the enemy's works, and only after repeated efforts had failed did the main portion of the men retire upon the ridge; some of the men yet remained in clusters on the opposite slope during the entire day, doing the enemy much damage; a few even reached the enemy's works, but were killed. Finding it impossible to accomplish the desired result, I ordered the regimental commanders to reorganize their men as fast as they returned under the crest of the hill. About 3 p. m., the enemy having repulsed the troops on our right, after their long and gallant struggle, showed himself in large numbers, both on my right and front, with bayonets fixed, with the evident intention of charging the retreating troops and my little band. Then it was that the Second Brigade did its work. In an instant every man was at his post and poured into the enemy volley after volley, that sent him

