
barked on steamers Groesbeck, Diana, Lancaster, and

-----

, leaving Vicksburg October 1, arriving at Memphis on the 9th. The brigade remained in camp at this point until the 11th and started for Iuka, via Mount Pleasant and Corinth, arriving at Iuka on the 20th, where we encamped until the 27th. From thence we started for Florence, Ala., crossing the Tennessee River at Eastport, arriving on the 29th.

On the 1st of November, we again marched, passing through Prospect, crossing the Nashville and Elkton pike between Pulaski and Elkton, through Fayetteville and Winchester, and over the Cumberland Mountains to Stevenson and Bridgeport.

On the morning of the 17th, we crossed the Tennessee River and Sand Mountain to Trenton, Ga., arriving there on the 18th.

On the 19th, the brigade made a demonstration on Lookout Mountain, via Johnson's Crook, the Forty-sixth Ohio and Sixth Iowa camping on the summit. General Corse, I believe, has already reported the operations at this point. We left the mountain on the morning of the 21st and marched down the valley a distance of 20 miles, camping at Nickajack Gap. This was a very difficult march. It rained during the day and night before, swelling the mountain streams so that the men were compelled to wade in the water waist deep, and the roads were very muddy.

On the 22nd, we again marched, drew 100 rounds of ammunition per man at Wauhatchie Station, crossed the Tennessee River on the pontoon, about 9 p. m., camping about 2 1/2 miles from the river.

On the morning of the 24th, we again crossed the Tennessee and were engaged in the operations of that day and the 25th, all of which has been reported.

On the 26th, we formed part of the column in pursuit of the retreating Bragg, going as far as Graysville. From there we formed part of the army going to the relief of Burnside at Knoxville. At Florence General Corse commenced mounting his brigade, and on arriving at Bridgeport had succeeded in mounting the Fifteenth Michigan, six companies of the Sixth Iowa, five companies of the Fortieth Illinois, two companies of the One hundred and third Illinois, and 107 men from the Forty-sixth Ohio, all of which were put under command of Colonel Oliver, Fifteenth Michigan. The last heard from them they were near Bellefonte, Ala., gathering in more animals; the last heard from they had enough to mount 200 more men.

Our men have stood this long and arduous campaign as none but soldiers can. Though short of rations, clothing scant and insufficient, many absolutely barefooted, every duty has been performed without a murmur. The satisfaction they have in being members of the old Fifteenth Corps and from the Army of the Tennessee, and the pride they feel in being permitted to help carry out this late brilliant campaign, is, they think, sufficient reward for all they have endured and a good incentive a further work. An army composed of such can but be successful.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. C. WALCUTT,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. D. McFARLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

