
Numbers 207.

Reports of Colonel Joseph R. Cockerill, Seventieth Ohio Infantry, commanding Third Brigade, including operations since September 28, and march to the relief of Knoxville.
HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, November 27, 1863.

GENERAL: I herewith submit the following report of the operations of this brigade during the recent engagement near Chattanooga, Tennessee:

On the morning of the 24th instant, we left our camp on the north side of the Tennessee River and crossed over in boats to the south side, and advanced at once to Missionary Ridge, preceded by the Second Brigade of this division. Taking possession of the ridge in the evening, the enemy shelled us sharply, when we proceeded to intrench, and by morning of the 25th had a good line of works constructed extending from the base to the top of the ridge facing south.

On the 25th, we were ordered to remain in our works and support a battery on the crest of the ridge, holding firmly our position if attacked. During the p. m. the Seventieth and Fifty-third Ohio were advanced to support a battery in their front while operating on the enemy on Tunnel Hill. During the night we remained in our works, and at daylight on the morning of the 26th started in pursuit of the retreating enemy. Both officers and men performed their duties to my entire satisfaction. Our casualties were 3 wounded.

Respectfully submitted.

J. R. COCKERILL,Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Brigadier General HUGH EWING.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIG., FOURTH DIV., 15TH ARMY CORPS, Maryville, Tennessee, December 6, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers --, from headquarters Fourth Division, Fifteenth Army Corps, I herewith submit the following report:

On Sunday, 28th September, 1863, crossed to the east side of Black River. At 8 o'clock next morning arrived at Brownsville, Miss., accompanied by a body of cavalry commanded by Colonel Winslow. We remained in Brownsville about five hours, so as to allow the cavalry time to reach Vernon. While at Brownsville the enemy's cavalry, with artillery, commanded by General Jackson, were around us on nearly every side. A few well directed shots from Cheney's battery dispersed them. We then returned unmolested to camp on Black River on the 29th, and found all the troops of the division had gone to Vicksburg. We followed in the afternoon and arrived in Vicksburg on the 30the, where we remained until the 3rd day of October, when we embarked on transports and arrived at Memphis, Tennessee, on the 9th.

Marched from Memphis on the 11th, by way of Mount Pleasant, Miss., to Corinth, where we arrived on the 17th. Left Corinth on the 19th and arrived at Iuka on the 20th. Left Iuka on the 27th and

