
arrived at Florence, Ala., on the 29th, crossing the Tennessee River at Eastport. Left Florence on the 2nd day of November and arrived at Bridgeport, Ala., on the 15th, via Fayetteville and Winchester, Tennessee, passing over some of the worst roads in America. Left Bridgeport on the 17th and arrived at Trenton, Ga., on the 18th, driving out the enemy's cavalry. Left Trenton on the 21st, passing down Lookout Valley, and arrived at the camps before Chattanooga on the evening of the 22nd.

The part that this brigade took in the battle of Chattanooga and pursuit of Bragg to Graysville, Ga., has been already submitted. Left Graysville on the 29th and arrived at Maryville, Tennessee, on the 5th December, via Athens, crossing Little Tennessee River at Morganton.

Since leaving Bridgeport the officers and men of this command have been without tents, knapsacks, and many without blankets. They have subsisted on less than one-half rations. The shoes of most of the men are nearly worn out, many being entirely so; clothing in had condition. Under all these adverse circumstances I am proud to say that these brave men have moved forward, discharging every duty incumbent upon them without a murmur. I feel satisfied that they will receive the commendation of the general commanding the division. I know they deserve the thanks of the country for their untiring energy and devotion to its interests.

Respectfully submitted.

J. R. COCKERILL,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain J. D. McFARLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 208.

Report of Captain Henry Richardson, First Missouri Light Artillery, Chief of Artillery.

ATHENS, Tennessee, December 1, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the batteries under my command during the recent battle at Chattanooga:

On the 24th, I crossed the Tennessee River with Battery D, First Missouri (leaving batteries I and F, First Illinois, in position to cover the crossing of the troops), and proceeded with the division to Mission Ridge, and found our infantry had taken possession of the highest point south of the railroad tunnel, and soon after I arrived the enemy opened upon them with a battery of artillery from a commanding position about 1,200 yards distant; finding the hill too steep for horses, I proceeded to haul the battery up by hand and succeeded in reaching the summit with four pieces (leaving one on the side-hill and one on the level ground below), and after placing them in the best position I could select, opened upon the enemy's battery, which was silenced in about thirty minutes.

On the 25th, about 9 a. m., we again opened to cover the movement of our storming parties, and found our fire briskly returned. In the meantime, I was ordered by the general to send the two pieces

