
(the one on the side and the one below the hill) to Colonel Loomis, who was about making a demonstration on the ridges north of the tunnel. I reported, and was ordered by the colonel to fire on a house up the valley toward the tunnel which afforded shelter to some of the enemy's sharpshooters, whom I succeeded in dislodging (my shells setting the house on fire), and then turned my fire on enemy's batteries on the hill; continued firing during the day, alternately upon enemy's skirmishers in the valley, and the battery on the hill. I fired during the day 650 rounds, with no loss on my part, and only 2 men slightly wounded.

I wish to call the attention of the general to my officers, Lieutenants Callender and White, who acted with great gallantry during the battle. I must not forget to mention Sergeant Dixon, who commanded the two guns in the valley; he proved himself worthy of a better position.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

HENRY RICHARDSON,

Captain, and Chief of Artillery, 4th Div., 15th Army Corps.

Captain J. D. McFARLAND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 209.

Report of Brigadier General John E. Smith, U. S. Army, commanding Second Brigade Division, Seventeenth Army Corps, including operations since September 29.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, FIFTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 30, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of my command since its temporary assignment to the Fifteenth Army Corps:

The command arrived in Memphis, Tennessee, from Helena, Ark., September 29, and remained until October 6, waiting for camp equipage from Vicksburg, Miss.

In compliance with orders from Major-General Sherman, then commanding corps, I moved, October 7, by rail, to Glendale, Miss., the Third Brigade, General Matthies commanding. The remainder of the command, First and Second Brigades, owing to the limited capacity of the railroad, did not reach Glendale until October 10.

General Matthies was ordered to proceed to Burnsville the same day, which point he reached at 11 a. m., the duty assigned him being to guard the railroad then being repaired to Iuka. I remained at Glendale with First and Second Brigades until October 17, when, in compliance with orders, I marched to Burnsville, reaching that point at 12 m.

At this point received 100 wagons to organize a supply train for my command. Marched from Burnsville to Iuka, October 19, arriving at 3 p. m., where I turned over to Second Division, in compliance with orders from Major-General Sherman, 50 wagons.

October 20, ordered to organize supply and ammunition train and move across Bear Creek on the 21st. Wagons were not furnished by the corps assistant quartermaster until 11 p. m. of the 20th. Most

41 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

