
of the wagons, mules, and harness supplied were unserviceable, rendering our future marches very difficult.

October 21, moved across Bear Creek, Ala., remaining in camp until the 23d, when we moved to Dickson's Station, 4 miles from camp on Bear Creek, leaving one regiment, the Fourth Minnesota, to protect the bridge across Bear Creek, and the pioneer corps to assist Colonel Flad, commanding engineer regiment, in repairing railroad.

October 29, received orders from Major-General Sherman to march to Chickasaw, where we arrived at 1 p. m. Commenced crossing the Tennessee River October 30, at 10 a. m. The Second Brigade, Colonel Raum commanding, succeeded in getting across, and was ordered to move out from Waterloo to Gravelly Springs, and there await the remainder of the command. Owing to the limited means for crossing the river, the First and Third Brigades did not get over until November 1. I marched with First Brigade and supply train, leaving Waterloo at 3 p. m., arriving at or near Gravelly Springs at 9 p. m., where I learned that Colonel Raum had been ordered forward to Florence by Major-General Sherman.

November 2, marched to Florence, leaving Third Brigade to follow. Arrived at Florence at 2 p. m., and ordered Second Brigade to move out to Shoal Creek, a distance of 7 miles, with orders to march early next day.

November 3, marched to Second Creek, distance 20 miles.

November 4, marched to Rogersville, distance 4 miles, where we came up with the Fourth Division, which was in advance and unable to cross Elk River. The brigades of my command closed up at this point; moved out on Pulaski road at 12 m.; arrived at Anderson's Creek at 4 p. m. The Second Brigade still in advance was ordered to camp on Sugar Creek.

November 5, moved from Anderson's Creek at 5 a. m., reached Sugar Creek, distance 6 miles, at 7.30 a. m. Second Brigade unable to move, Fourth Division having the road. Left Sugar Creek at 11 a. m., and arrived at Gilbertsborough at 3 p. m.

November 6, marched at 6 a. m., arriving at Brown's Mills, Richland Creek, at 11 a. m.; distance, 9 miles.

November 7, moved forward at 6 a. m. in direction of Fayetteville, and camped at 4 p. m. on Bradshaw Creek.

November 8, marched to Cane Creek; distance, 12 miles.

November 10, marched to Gum Springs, arriving at 3.45 p. m.; distance, 14 miles.

November 11, moved at 6 a. m., arriving near Winchester at 5 p. m. and camped; distance, 22 miles.

November 13, moved at 6 a. m.; reached University Switch at 3.30 p. m. and camped; distance, 16 miles.

November 14, moved from camp at 6 a. m. and camped on Sweeden's Creek at 4 p. m.

November 15, moved from camp at 7 a. m. and arrived at Bridgeport at 11.30 a. m.; distance, 9 miles. Remained in camp until the 18th, when, in compliance with orders received on the night of the 17th from Major-General Sherman, I marched with all the supplies I could get (no forage to be had), leaving our camp equipage and extra baggage. The command moved in the direction of Chattanooga, marched 11 miles, and went into camp.

November 20, marched to Brown's Ferry. First Brigade crossed and encamped. I reported to Major General U. S. Grant, and was

