
At daylight on the morning of the 25th, we were well intrenched and occupied a position commanding the enemy's works on Tunnel Hill. At 10 a. m. I received an order from General Sherman to send two regiments to the support of Brigadier-General Lightburn on our left. The Forty-eighth Indiana and Sixty-third Illinois were accordingly sent, the latter being sent forward to relieve the Thirtieth and Thirty-seventh Ohio regiments of General Lightburn's command on Tunnel Hill, where they remained all night intrenched and were the first troops inside the enemy's works on the morning of the 26th instant.

The brigade joined the column on the morning of the 26th in pursuit of the enemy as far as Graysville, Ga., and returned to the old camp last night.

The following are the casualties: First Lieutenant Milan C. Edson, Company C, Sixty-third Illinois Volunteers, severely in the head; Private B. F. White, Company C, Sixty-third Illinois Volunteers; Private Napoleon Whitcomb, Company C, Fifty-ninth Indiana Volunteers, severely; Private Edward Reeble, Company I, Fourth Minnesota Volunteers, severely.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

JESSE I. ALEXANDER,

Colonel, Comdg. 1st Brigadier 2nd Div., 17th Army Corps.

Captain M. ROCHESTER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 211.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John E. Tourtellotte, Fourth Minnesota Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS FOURTH MINNESOTA VOLUNTEERS, Camp near Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 29, 1863.

SIR: At midnight on the night of the 23rd instant, the Fourth Minnesota Regiment, together with other troops of the Fifteenth Army Corps, crossed the Tennessee River in boats several miles above Chattanooga, preparatory to an advance upon Missionary Ridge. The enemy did not dispute our crossing, and our troops immediately commenced throwing up earth-works and fortifications. My regiment was thrown forward to protect and cover the front and flank of the division. By 10 a. m. of November 24, long and strong lines of rifle-pits had been thrown up, a pontoon bridge had been completed across the river, and a large part of our artillery brought over. About 1 p. m. of that day the advance commenced.

My regiment, deployed as skirmishers, advanced, covering the front of our division. We reached the hill and moved straightway up, the enemy falling back from their position on its crest. We pushed on, changing direction somewhat to the right, skirmishing with the enemy and driving them before us to the base of Tunnel Hill, where we were ordered to halt and to await orders, as night was approaching and the enemy appeared to be in considerable force. Here we remained, still skirmishing with the enemy, until after dark, when my regiment was relieved. The regiment lost but 1 man, seriously wounded. The next day my regiment was held in reserve and was not engaged.

At daylight on the morning of November 26, we started in pursuit of the enemy, who had abandoned their position along the

