
whole line of Missionary Ridge in the night preceding. We followed to Graysville, Ga., whence our division was ordered back to our first camp on the Tennessee River near Chattanooga.

Your respectful and obedient servant,

J. E. TOURTELLOTTE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Honorable OSCAR MALMROS,

Adjutant-General, State of Minnesota.

Numbers 212.

Report of Colonel Clark R. Wever, Seventeenth Iowa Infantry, Second Brigade.

HEADQUARTERS SEVENTEENTH IOWA INFANTRY, Near Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 29, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part borne by the Seventeenth Iowa Infantry during the engagement of the Fifteenth Army Corps at Mission Ridge, on the 24th and 25th of November, 1863:

On the morning of the 24th, at 12.30 o'clock, in accordance with orders previously received, I moved my right to the Tennessee River, near the mouth of the West Chickamauga, and rested in line in rear of the Fifth Iowa Infantry, until about 3.30 a. m., when I embarked in small pontoon-boats, landing the regiment near and below the mouth of East Chickamauga Creek, where I formed a line in a corn-field, under cover of a hill. Rested here until 7 a. m., when my regiment, with the brigade, was marched by the left flank about half a mile in the direction of Mission Ridge, where the brigade was formed in column of regiments, the Seventeenth Iowa in the rear. My regiment (with the brigade) was then moved by the left flank to the rear of the Third Brigade, when arms were stacked and the men allowed to rest. At about 1 p. m. my regiment, in common with the whole division, was placed into close column by division, and moved toward Mission Ridge, the Seventeenth Iowa in advance of the Second and following the Third Brigade.

In this order we moved through a swamp and close underbrush, about three-fourths of a mile, to the railroad, when I was ordered by Colonel Raum (commanding Second Brigade, Third Division, Fifteenth Army Corps) to move my regiment by the right flank and form in rear of the First Brigade, which succeeded in reaching the top of the ridge. Here I rested in line until it was almost dark, when the brigade was moved to the rear about three-fourths of a mile and bivouacked for the night.

At 10 o'clock on the morning of the 25th, I was ordered by Colonel Raum to move by the left flank toward Tunnel Hill. We were halted in an open field and the brigade formed in line in front of a rifle-pit occupied by a portion of the Fourth Division (the Seventeenth Iowa on the right of the brigade, its right resting on the railroad), stacked arms, and the men rested here until 2.30 p. m., when the brigade was formed into close column, by division, in two lines (the Seventeenth Iowa forming the right of the first line), and moved forward to support the Third Brigade (Matthies'), which was at this time closely contesting with the enemy a narrow ridge to the left of Tunnel Hill. When within about 300 yards of the base of the hill, I was ordered by

