
informed that Colonel Raum was wounded and wished to see me in the road to the rear of my regiment. I went to him, and was informed by him that he understood that Colonel Wever, next in rank, we also wounded, and ordered me to take command of the brigade. I immediately returned to my regiment and turned over the command of the same to Lieutenant Colonel Christian Happel, and assumed command of the brigade.

I ordered the Tenth Missouri to commence firing upon the advancing enemy, which they did, and soon compelled the rebels to retire to the crest of the hill out of range, when I ordered the regiment to cease firing to avoid further injury to the wounded lying on the hillside. I thus held the position until informed by Lieutenant-Colonel Happel that the enemy was rapidly flanking us on our right, when I ordered the Tenth Missouri (the Eightieth Ohio and the Fifty-sixth Illinois regiments being formed in their rear) to retire by the left of companies to the ravine, to the rear of the position then occupied. They having done so, I reformed the two last-mentioned regiments to the left of the Tenth Missouri Infantry, and ordered details from the three regiments, under a commissioned officer, to proceed to the battle-field in front, and bring off as many of the wounded as possible. While this was being done, I deployed two companies of the Tenth Missouri as skirmishers on the summit of the ridge to my front and right, and formed the Fifty-sixth Illinois and Eightieth Ohio Regiments in line in rear of a fence at the foot of the same, with the remaining eight companies of the Tenth Missouri an reserve, to repel an anticipated attack from the enemy. Soon afterward I received an order from General J. E. Smith that as soon as I had removed the wounded from the battle-field I should march the brigade to the earth-works, in front of which it had formed in the morning, and bivouac for the night. As soon as the officer in command of the details had reported that all the wounded had been removed who could possibly be taken off with safety to the details, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Metham, of the Eightieth Ohio, to remain with his regiment and guard the wounded until taken to the division hospital by the ambulances, and then marched the Fifty-sixth Illinois and Tenth Missouri Infantry to the point designated by General Smith, where I reported to Colonel C. R. Wever, of the Seventeenth Iowa Regiment, who, being the ranking officer, took command.

On the morning of the 26th, the regiment with the others of the brigade and division started in pursuit of the enemy, crossing the Chickamauga Creek on a pontoon bridge near its mouth, and marched about 12 miles and bivouacked. At 8 a. m. of the 27th, marched 6 miles to Graysville, Ga., where the division remained for the day and night.

Being without rations, on the 28th instant, the division received orders to return to the present camp, and at 12 o'clock started, the Second Brigade being the rear guard of the ammunition trains of the Second, Third, and Fourth Divisions, Fifteenth Army Corps. We marched until 7 p. m., and bivouacked about 3 miles north of Chickamauga Station.

At 6 a. m. of to-day (29th), the division returned to the present camp, reaching the same about 10 a. m.

I desire to acknowledge the valuable services of Lieutenant-Colonel Happel, of this regiment, at all times during the action, and testify to his bravery and coolness under fire. What I have said of Lieutenant-Colonel Happel is applicable in the same degree to Major Walker, who was seriously wounded.

