
My thanks are due to Surg. P. J. Payne for his skill and care in attending on the wounded and dying.

During the period in which I was in command of the brigade I was much indebted to the following members of the brigade staff: To Captain W. W. McCammon and Lieutenant C. W. Woodrow during the action, and to them and Lieutenant Nichelson, while reforming the brigade, I owe my sincere thanks.

I am, sir, very respectfully, &amp;c.,

F. C. DEIMLING,

Colonel, Commanding Tenth Regiment Missouri Infantry.

Lieutenant M. NICHELSON,

A. A. A. G., 2nd Brig., 3rd Div., 15th Army Corps.

Numbers 214.

Report of Brigadier General Charles L. Matthies, U. S. Army, commanding Third Brigade.

HOSPITAL, THIRD DIVISION, 15TH ARMY CORPS, Near Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, it obedience to Special Orders, Numbers --, the Third Brigade was in readiness, and moved in the night of the 23rd and 24th in the rear of the First Brigade to the river bank; commenced crossing the Tennessee River in boats. Arriving on the south side, I formed the brigade on the right of the First Brigade, then already at work on their rifle-pits, on the crest of the hill and to the right in the corn-field, facing south, except the Fifth Iowa, which was formed in right angles to the rear, facing west, so as to serve a good protection on that flank. By order of General Smith, I wheeled my brigade to the right to a continuation of ridges toward the south, which brought me facing west, and my left connecting with the First Brigade; here I commenced to intrench. The Fourth Division (General Ewing's) had arrived on the south side of the river, and was forming in front of my brigade. General J. E. Smith ordered me to form in the rear of the left of the First Brigade, so as to be in my place in the order of march toward Missionary Ridge. The order for this movement was received between 2 and 3 p. m., and the brigade formed, in obedience to Special Orders, Numbers --, in close column by divisions, right in front, in the rear of First Brigade. The whole, by command of Brigadier General John E. Smith, was set in motion, advanced toward Missionary Ridge, and after very little delay, arrived at the crest of the hill. There I was ordered to form in two lines facing south. After a reconnaissance of our position by the general commanding division, I was ordered to intrench my command. Shortly after, however, this order was countermanded, and I was ordered to move my brigade down the ridge and form on the left of the Second Brigade, also moving down. Being a cloudy afternoon, it soon became dark. I was then ordered to bivouac in column by regiments, my left resting on the road, leading from the railroad to the river, my brigade facing south. The Fifth Iowa Infantry was thrown out as pickets parallel with the road, and well advanced to the front and facing west.

On the 25th instant, about 11 a. m., I received orders from General

