
Our total loss was as follows, viz: Colonel Holden Putnam, killed; Adjt. H. G. Hicks, wounded; Captain John A. Russell and Lieutenant William M. Morris, missing. Enlisted men: 19 killed, 44 wounded, and 25 missing.

After the battle the regiment was rallied, and, taking up a position in the rifle-pits, bivouacked for the night.

Respectfully,

N. C. BUSWELL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Lieutenant R. A. McKEE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 216.

Report of Colonel Jabez Banbury, Fifth Iowa Infantry.

HEADQUARTERS FIFTH IOWA INFANTRY, Larkinsville, Ala., December 29, 1863.

COLONEL: I have the honor to forward to you a report of the part taken by the Fifth Iowa Infantry, in the recent engagement near Chattanooga, Tennessee:

We marched from camp on the north side of the Tennessee River, at 2 a. m. of the 24th day of November, crossed the river in boats, the last of the regiment making the opposite side of the river at daylight, were placed in position on a knoll,, fortified a line equal to the front of the regiment, were moved into a second position, and fortified the second line. At 1 p. m. we were thrown into column by division, with the rest of the division, and moved forward in the direction of the north hill of Mission Ridge, passed over a field and through a skirt of timber about 2 miles, much of which was covered with deep mud and water. Arriving at the foot of the hill were marched by the flank to near its summit, where we formed the regiment in line, with the brigade in column by regiment; remained here for one-half hour, when I was ordered to detail one-half of each company to fortify the summit of the hill; detail was made and men commenced work. We were then ordered to fall in, take arms, and were marched hurriedly down the hill in the direction we had come up. Marched 1 mile, halted for three-fourths of an hour, when we were again marched back to the foot of the hill and halted near the railroad, where our forces were throwing up fortifications, where we remained until 1 a. m. of the 25th, when the whole regiment went on picket, the line arranged as skirmishers. We remained on picket until 12 m. of that day, at which time I was ordered to assemble the regiment (double-quick), and form it in line of battle on the right of our brigade. This done we moved forward in line from the Knoxville railroad through a narrow skirt of timber to an open field fronting Tunnel Hill; here we were ordered to fix bayonets and lie down. Our broad saber bayonets glittering in the sun made an excellent mark for the enemy's artillery. They opened on us from a battery on the next point to the right of Tunnel Hill, brought a second battery into position as rapidly as possible on the sink of the ridge between the two hills, and opened upon us from this also. The first shot struck close to my line, ricocheted and skipped over the men; the second struck directly in the ranks of the regiment on my left, several others plowed the ground immediately in our front and rear;

