
their gallant and zealous efforts under fire to rally the broken troops and restore order, and for their laborious services in conducting successfully the many and arduous duties of the retreat.

Our losses are not yet ascertained, but in killed and wounded it is known to have been very small. In prisoners and stragglers I fear it is much larger. The chief of artillery reports the loss of forty pieces.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond.

ADDENDA.

MISSIONARY RIDGE, November 20, 1863.

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

President:

Sherman's force has arrived, and a movement on our left is indicated. The same game may have to be played over. Have advised General Johnston; he seems to be fettered by the orders you gave in Mississippi, restricting him to sending only two brigades with Hardee. As Banks is in Texas, and other forces from our front there are in Arkansas and Louisiana, we need but little in that direction.

Mobile could certainly spare some. Our fate may be decided here, and the enemy is at least double our strength.

BRAXTON BRAGG.
HEADQUARTERS, November 20, 1863-4.30 a. m.

General STEVENSON:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 2 a. m. just received. Retain Jackson's brigade for the present. Direct the cavalry to guard well the road leading from Johnson's Crook. As I don't know the localities, you may do as you judge best respecting the withdrawal of the force from Nickajack and points beyond. Block the main road, commencing at the point where the road from Johnson's Crook intersects it. I will be with you early to-day, but don't wait for me; go in front.

Very respectfully,W. J. HARDEE,

Lieutenant-General.

HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Chattanooga Valley, November 20, 1863-9. 45 p. m.

Major-General STEVENSON,

Commanding Lookout Mountain:

GENERAL: One brigade will be sufficient to hold at the point at which we left General Brown. Withdraw the other brigade and push forward your defenses with vigor, by day and by night. I have ordered General Pettus' brigade to be sent you early to-morrow, and one battery of artillery. Keep one section of artillery constantly with your advanced brigade. General Bragg has ordered 100

