
And to say that he desires you to carry out the wishes of General Bragg, and to have the approaches indicated above protected by rifle-pits and other defenses.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. H. POOLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

LOOKOUT, November 21, 1863-10 a. m.

General HARDEE:

The enemy that were moving from Trenton toward Chattanooga are encamped to-night near Hawkins'. Scouts sent this afternoon to every point on this line. Will give full information to-morrow morning.

C. L. STEVENSON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Missionary Ridge, November 21, 1863.

Lieutenant-General HARDEE,Commanding Corps:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say that you can suspend any farther movement of Brigadier-General Johnson's command. The cavalry brigade ordered to the cove has been directed to retake Johnson's Crook and hold it against the enemy at all hazards. The general deems it best that you should have all the avenues of approach to Lookout Mountain as far down as the crook protected by rifle-pits and other defenses against the approach of the enemy.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(For information of Major-General Stevenson, commanding Lookout Mountain.)
HEADQUARTERS, Powell's Trail, November 21, [1863]-2.45 p. m.

Major J. J. REEVE,Asst. Adjt. General, Stevenson's Division:

MAJOR: I have just returned from the signal station, from which I saw a brigade of five regiments, one battery, and a train of 30 wagons passing from the direction of Trenton toward Wauhatchie Station. It is probable that it is the force (or a part of it) which was on the mountain at Johnson's Crook. I have sent to Major McConnell to send out another scout to ascertain, if possible. I have sent a man to Trenton.

I am, major, most respectfully,

J. C. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-Neither artillery nor cavalry have reported. If you will send a guard to the signal station nearest you on the western brow of the mountain, I can communicate with your headquarters at night, if necessary.

