HDQRS. HARDER'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Chattanooga Valley, November 22, 1863.

Major-General STEVENSON,Commanding on Lookout Mountain:

GENERAL: General Hardee directs me to say that you will have a reconnaissance made toward Trenton and Lookout Valley, to ascertain whether there is any enemy at Trenton, or in that direction. The reconnaissance will be made as far down the valley as possible without endangering the command. He also desires me to inform you that he has ordered a reconnaissance from Johnson's Crook in that direction.

Respectfully, general, your obedient servant,

D. H. POOLE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Chattanooga Valley, November 22, 1863.

Brigadier-General DAVIDSON,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Lieutenant-General Hardee directs that, in obedience to inclosed order of this date, from headquarters Army of Tennessee, you will make a strong cavalry reconnaissance in Lookout Valley, to observe the enemy and ascertain his strength and movements. You will report the result to these headquarters at the earliest practicable moment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. B. ROY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Powell's Trail, November 22, 1863-11.30 a. m.

Major J. J. REEVE,Assistant Adjutant-General, Stevenson's Division:

MAJOR: I have heard nothing from the front since the dispatch of Lieutenant-Colonel Anderson last night, which was forwarded through your headquarters to the lieutenant-general commanding. I am satisfied there is no enemy on the mountain, yet it would be prudent, perhaps (as discretion is left me), to await the return of Colonel Butler, who was sent out last night. He has not yet reported. If you think it better for me to return at once, please dispatch me by signal. I will await that order, unless in the meantime Colonel Butler reports.

I am, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

LOOKOUT, November 22, [1863]-4 p. m.

General HARDEE:

Not less than six-I think more-with artillery and several miles of wagon trains, have passed to-day toward Chattanooga. The head of column is now halted opposite the bridge.

C. L. STEVENSON.

