HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S CORPS, November 23, 1863-9 p. m.

Major-General STEWART:

GENERAL: I am directed by the major-general commanding to desire you to rest the right of your [division] on the position of Slocomb's battery, and to organize any excess of men which this new disposition may give you into a reserve, subject to move in any direction required, at short notice. Your men need not actually occupy the trenches until an alarm. You will dispose your artillery along your line as you may deem best.

Very respectfully, general, your obedient servant,JAS. WILSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ADAMS' BRIGADE, November 23, 1863.

Major R. A. HATCHER,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to ask to be permitted to move the troops from the intrenchments into their camps. Two regiments are encamped near the line, and the enemy has so far only appeared upon our front, the front of our pickets. Nearly half the command goes out on picket duty to-morrow unless some other disposition is made, and it would be well at least that these men should have rest to-night under shelter.

The weather threatens to become inclement, and the men will be exposed.

Yours, very respectfully,

RANDALL LEE GIBSON,

Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ADAMS' BRIGADE, November 23, 1863.

Major R. A. HATCHER,Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report to the major-general commanding, that the troops of his brigade will not more than cover the line of the intrenchments from the artillery to the creek upon our left; even then, they are not all formed in two ranks.

It will take nearly half of the command to furnish the detail for picket in the morning. This will render the force on the left of the artillery, guarding the left flank of the division, very small; and posted, in consequence of the want of any spades or picks whatever, behind very inferior works.

I deem it my duty to present these facts for the consideration of my superior officer.

I am, major, your obedient servant,

RANDALL LEE GIBSON,

Colonel, Commanding.

