
RINGGOLD, VIA DALTON, November 27, 1863.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

We could make no stand at Chickamauga against the enemy's superior forces, and fell back yesterday. Our rear guard was heavily pressed about half way. Hope to make this our front.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

DALTON, November 27, 1863. (Received at Meridian, 30th.)

General JOHNSTON:

The enemy pressed our rear guard yesterday nearly to Ringgold. Brigadier-General Maney was severely wounded. The main portion of the army has reached this point. At last advices our rear was warmly engaged at Ringgold, which we are endeavoring to hold. Our loss in artillery on 25th was very heavy, probably forty pieces; in men, very small. The disastrous panic is inexplicable.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

NEAR DALTON, November 27, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 10 a. m. received. The general has established a position about 3 miles in front of Dalton, on which the rear guard can fall back should it become necessary. He has placed there the division of General Stewart, and about 1 1/2 miles in rear of Stewart, Bate's division. The general desires that you will keep him fully and often advised of the movements in the rear. General Wharton is moving up with some cavalry to help you.

Respectfully,

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., November 27, 1863.

Major-General WHEELER,Commanding Cavalry Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch, dated 11.15 a. m., has been received. No change has been made in the dispositions of the general commanding. His movements depend upon those of the commands in front. General Bragg has selected a position 3 miles in front of Dalton, where General Stewart's division has been placed, General Bate about 1 1/2 miles in his rear. Upon these you can fall back, if hard pressed. General Wharton has gone to the front with some cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

KINLOCH FALCONER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

