
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., November 27, 1863.

I. Corps commanders will hold their troops in readiness to move in any direction at a moment's notice, and have them well in hand for an engagement.

II. So many errors having occurred in the transmission of dispatches, it is ordered that, during the march, at the end of a day's journey, all commanding officers will inform the officer next in rank the exact locality of their headquarters.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., November 27, 1863.

All the trains of this army, excepting the ordnance and ammunition trains, will be immediately put in motion for Resaca, Ga., and march all right. The trains of the corps will be divided. One part of the train of each corps will go by the main road to Resaca, the remainder by the Sugar Valley road.

The ordnance and ammunition trains will go with the troops.

By command of General Bragg:

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DALTON, November 29, 1863. (Received Richmond, 30th.)

General S. COOPER:

Our advance last night was at Tunnel Hill, the enemy just this side of Ringgold. We hope to maintain this position. Our inferiority in numbers, heavy loss in artillery, small-arms, organization, and morale, renders an earlier halt impossible; and should the enemy press on promptly we may have to cross Oostenaula. I have tried to communicate with Longstreet; by prompt movement he can be saved. Burnside's force is far inferior to him. If necessary, he can go on and join Jones' forces. Communication may be opened with him by the East Tennessee route. My first estimate of our disaster was not too large, and time only can restore order and morale. All possible aid should be pushed on to Resaca, and I deem it due to the cause and to myself to ask for relief from command and an investigation into the causes of the defeat.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

RICHMOND, November 30, 1863.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,

Dalton, Ga.:

GENERAL: Your dispatches of yesterday received. Your request to be relieved has been submitted to the President, who, upon your representation, directs me to notify you that you are relieved from command, which you will transfer to Lieutenant-General Hardee, the officer next in rank and now present for duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

