
DALTON, December 2, 1863. (Received at Meridian, 3rd.)

General JOSEPH E. JOHNSTON:

The enemy pursued us to Ringgold, where we punished him very severely. He then retreated, destroying all behind him, and will not press us again immediately. We are in good condition, with plenty artillery. I am superseded in command at my own request by Hardee. The future is pregnant with great events, but I believe our destiny is safe with prompt and united action.

BRAXTON BRAGG.

CALHOUN, GA., December 3, 1863.

Colonel J. GORGAS,

Chief of Ordnance, C. S. A., Richmond, Va.:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that in the battle of the 24th and 25th ultimo, thirty-eight pieces of field artillery were taken by the enemy from this army, and two 24-pounder, siege, iron, rifled guns, after being disabled and carriages burned, were abandoned. The ordnance and ordnance stores in Chickamauga Depot are saved and are now at Calhoun, Ga. I am instructed, as soon as the army be refitted, to send all supplies to Atlanta Arsenal.

H. OLADOWSKI,

Lieutenant-Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS CHEATHAM'S DIVISION, January 9, 1864.

Major-General STEVENSON:

GENERAL: I have just received your note of this date, inquiring about a communication received by me from General Moore on the 24th November last, and forwarded to you "to the effect that the enemy were massing a force on the Chattanooga road, apparently with an intention of moving on us from that direction."

I inclose to you a copy* of the only note I have from General Moore. It was received in the morning, and is not the one to which you refer.

The information you refer to came to me, not only from General Moore, but from officers of pickets, who escaped by the Kelley's Ferry road across the foot of the mountain. I recollect the information, but cannot give you the contents of the note. It was in consequence of this information (finding that we were so seriously threatened) that I first went up to confer with you.

Yours, truly,JOHN K. JACKSON.

Numbers 220.

Return of Casualties in the Confederate Forces.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF TENNESSEE, Dalton, Ga., December 26, 1863.

GENERAL: In the report of the casualties of the army in the engagements before Chattanooga and at Ringgold Gap previously for-

---------------

*Not found; but see Moore to Reeve, p. 677.

---------------

