
ported to me that he rode rapidly forward to a point some 200 yards from the Craven house, passing General Moore's brigade moving up to their position and to support General Walthall's brigade, which was being rapidly driven back by overwhelming numbers. The substance of my order was delivered by Major Ingram to Generals Moore and Walthall. The latter stated that, although the order did not reach him in time, he had carried it out in his efforts to defend the position. General Moore expressing a desire to have a full supply of ammunition, was informed by Major Ingram that Captain Clark, division ordnance officer, had been ordered to furnish him from the division train. Within a few minutes after Major Ingram left as bearer of the above order to Generals Moore and Walthall, I proceeded in person, accompanied by Major Vaulx, of the division staff, to superintend the execution.

Passing a great many stragglers (officers and men) along the road, I was met at some short distance from the Craven house by an officer from General Walthall, who brought the information that his brigade had been driven back in considerable confusion, and that the Craven house was in possession of the enemy. I immediately dispatched a staff officer to speed the re-enforcements and endeavored to rally the men, who were coming to the rear in large numbers, and form a line where I was, selecting what I considered the most favorable position for a line among rocks, where no regular line was practicable and where the battle could be but a general skirmish. Failing in this, I rode back to the junction of the roads and there met Brigadier-General Pettus with three regiments of his brigade. He informed me that he had been ordered by General Stevenson to report to me. I directed him to proceed on the road and form line to re-enforce Generals Moore and Walthall. I at the same time sent for a piece of artillery from the battalion of the division, and upon its arrival directed the officer in command to select the most favorable position on the Craven house road and check the enemy. He soon after reported that he could find no position in which he could use his gun to advantage, and for not more than one or two shots at all.

I remained generally at the junction of the two roads, because I considered it most accessible from all points. General Stevenson was communicating with me by the road down the mountain, General Moore by the same road up the mountain, and Generals Pettus and Walthall by the cross-road. General Pettus informed me by an officer of the disposition made of his troops, and asked for orders. Having placed his regiments on the left of the cross-road with their left against the cliff and with extended intervals, so as to connect with General Moore on the right of the road, I had no orders to give him except to hold that position against the enemy. His dispositions were satisfactory, and I did not with to change them. I subsequently received a message from him that the enemy was pressing his left and asking for re-enforcements, and about the same time I was informed by one of the division staff that General Walthall had sent the fragments of two regiments to that point, and that there was no danger to be apprehended there. I replied to General Pettus that I had no re-enforcements to send him; that no more could be obtained from General Stevenson, and that he must hold his position.

The enemy being held in check, matters so continued not materially changed until quite late in the afternoon, when I received a

44 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

