
move, I saw him for the first time on his way, as he told me, to see the general-in-chief.

The casualties in my command cannot be correctly reported, inas-much as the killed and many of the wounded fell into the enemy's hands. The accompanying list,* to which I respectfully refer, only shows among the killed and wounded such as were known certainly to be so, and cannot, for want of positive information, embrace a large number, particularly of the pickets and their reserves on the right, who are supposed to have fallen, as they were long subjected to a very heavy fire from both artillery and small-arms, but of whose loss, further than that they fell into the enemy's hands, no report can be had.

I regret that for want of a competent person to prepare one, I am unable to submit herewith an accurate map of the ground I occupied and its surroundings, as it would contribute greatly to a perfect understanding of movements and events as related.

No copies of the dispatches forwarded during the morning having been retained, and as I am unable to obtain such now, I have been compelled to refer to them from memory.

The officers and men of my command, with a few exceptions, did their duty well in this engagement, but it is due in particular to commend Colonel W. F. Brantly, Twenty-ninth Mississippi Regiment, and Lieutenant Colonel R. P. McKelvaine, Twenty-fourth Mississippi Regiment, for the skill, activity, zeal, and courage I have ever observed in them under similar circumstances, but which in an especial degree signalized their action on this occasion. The latter officer was not with his regiment during the engagement west of the mountain, having been previously assigned to duty on the picket line, where he rendered me important aid.

Major John Ingram, assistant adjutant-general to brigadier-general commanding, was with me during most of the afternoon, and I am proud here to signify my high appreciation of his gallantry and the valuable assistance I received at his hands in his bearing my orders and otherwise.

To Lieutenant John C. Harrison, acting assistant adjutant-general, and George M. Govan, assistant inspector-general, of my own staff, I am indebted for the promptness, gallantry, and efficiency with which all their duties upon the field were discharged.

I submit herewith the reports of regimental commanders, showing many details not incorporated herein.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. C. WALTHALL,

Brigadier-General.

Major JAMES D. PORTER, Jr.,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Cheatham's Division.

ATLANTA, GA., December 15, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the battle of Missionary Ridge, on the 25th ultimo, in what concerns my own command:

On the morning of that day my command, being the right brigade of Cheatham's division, took position, under the direction of the major-general commanding, on Missionary Ridge to the left of the

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

