
acted very well, never flinching from their duty, and Lieutenant J. J. Hyde exposed himself very much to danger, standing erect waving his sword and encouraging the men in the thickest of the fight; and I must say for my regiment that it never fought better, if as well, before. The sergeant-major, Isom Watkins, was very gallant indeed.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. J. JONES,

Lieutenant-Colonel Twenty-seventh Mississippi Regiment.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 225.

Report of Colonel William F. Brantly, Twenty-ninth Mississippi Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY-NINTH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENT,December 4, 1863..

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that on the morning of the 24th ultimo, my regiment was put in line on the west side of Lookout Mountain facing to the west, and in this position remained until it was ascertained that the enemy was approaching our position in force from a southwesterly direction. I then changed the front of my regiment, forming a line across the mountain, my right toward the west, facing south, but owing to the great number of men required from me to supply the picket line, my command was not sufficiently long to reach entirely across that side of the mountain next to the enemy; hence it became necessary to deploy the line as skirmishers, which I did, and by this time the enemy was upon me in four lines, and soon succeeded in driving me from my position, and in capturing a great many of my men. I then joined with the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-seventh Mississippi Regiments, which were formed in my rear, and was driven with them beyond the Craven house, where the whole brigade was formed, and succeeded in checking the enemy until General Pettus came to our support. I was then ordered by General Walthall to take command of the two pieces of the Twenty-ninth, and Thirtieth Mississippi Regiments and form on General Pettus' left, and to go into the fight with him, which I did, and continued in the fight until 8.20 o'clock at night, when were relieved by General Clayton's brigade.

From the nature of the ground and the fact that we were driven from our several positions, it is impossible to give a correct list of the killed and wounded, but I submit the following Exhibit A* to this report.

During the night of the 24th, we were withdrawn to McFarland's Spring, and on the morning of November 25 we were, in connection with the whole of Major-General Cheatham's division, put in line on Missionary Ridge to the right of the division commanded by Brigadier General Patton Anderson, and our brigade to the right of Brigadier-Generals Moore's and Jackson's brigades, of our division, and in this position we remained inactive until about 4 o'clock in the evening,

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

