
of the brigade, was advanced to the left and in support of Pettus' brigades, which had been formed on a line some 200 yards this side the Craven house, and extending from the cliff of the mountain to the road leading to the Craven house. With this brigade it and the rest of the brigade fought until 8.30 o'clock in the evening when, the brigade having been relieved, it was withdrawn, and with rest of brigade marched to McFarland's Spring.

On the morning of November 25, with the brigade, it moved some 3 or 4 miles up Mississippi Ridge toward the right of our line of battle on that ridge. Here, for the purpose of the fight, the regiment was thrown with the Twenty-ninth Mississippi, under command of Colonel W. F. Brantly. This step was rendered necessary by the losses of previous day. When the line on left and center gave way this regiment was, with the brigade, moved a little to the rear, and formed a line perpendicular to the original line of battle on the ridge. This was done under the direction and supervision of the brigadier-general commanding. This new position was maintained until after night, when, with the rest of the brigade, it was withdrawn to Chickamauga Station.

The losses were 3 wounded, and 127 officers and men wounded, and captured; 7 of those captured were known to have been wounded, and many more thought to have been. None are known to have been killed, but it is feared that many were, as the fire they sustained on November 24 was fierce and apparently well directed, besides the terrific cannonading kept up from the batteries posted on the eminences across Lookout Creek.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. M. JOHNSON,

Major, Commanding Thirtieth Mississippi Regiment.

Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 227.

Report of Cap. H. J. Bowen, Thirty-fourth Mississippi Infantry.

SIR: Report of the Thirty-fourth Mississippi Regiment in the late fight on Lookout Mountain on November 24 last:

Early on the morning of the 24th, the enemy were observed to be collecting in large force, and at about 8 a.m. the Thirty-fourth Mississippi Regiment was ordered out to strengthen the picket line at the foot of the mountain on the west side, extending along its base for about 2 miles.

At about 10 a.m. the enemy, with four lines closely closed up, drove the left of our picket line, and so rapid were their movements that the center and right of the picket line were cut off and eight colors passed by the pickets, when nearly all surrendered. A small number of the pickets made their escape up the river through the cliffs and cut timber below the Craven house, and reported to their brigade, and was in the engagement east of the Craven house from 4 p.m. until 8 p.m., when relieved by General Clayton's brigade.

H. J. BOWEN,

Senior Captain, Commanding.

[Captain E. T. SYKES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.]

