
[CHAP. XLIII.

the flank in rear of and to the left of Jackson's, so as to cover the base of the ridge and support that brigade. While executing this order, and just as our leading files passed the left of Jackson's brigade, that brigade gave way, rushing back through the ranks of mine, which was still marching by the flank. After stopping them and restoring some order the two brigades fought as one, both officers and men, though we had at first great difficulty in holding them in line. I did not see General Jackson or any of his staff whom I recognized, except Captain Moreno, during the engagement.

The enemy made great efforts to drive us from the position, but failed. We determined to hold it at all hazards, believing that the safety of the right wing of the army in some measure, and particularly the artillery, depended on our holding this position, which covered one of the roads, leading to Chickamauga. We held the line until nearly dark, when I observed the right falling back, and on inquiring the cause was informed that an order had been passed down the line from Lieutenant-General Hardee to fall back.

As a general thing the officers and men of the brigade acted well. I observed Colonel Wilkinson, of the Eight Mississippi, and Lieutenant-Colonel Edwards, of the Forty-seventh Georgia, of Jackson's brigade, who acted with marked gallantry. Others conducted themselves well whom I did not recognize.

My own command acted much better then might have been expected under the circumstances, as they fought during the engagements of the two days with arms that had been condemned as unfit for service, and which were received while at Demopolis, Ala., to be used only for drill and guard duty.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. MOORE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JOHN INGRAM,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 229.

Report of Brigadier General Marcus J. Wright, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS POST,Atlanta, Ga., May 7, 1864.

COLONEL: Although a report of the operations of my command near Missionary Ridge, on November 24 and 25, 1863, has not been officially required of me, yet I have the honor respectfully to request that the following report be accepted by the general commanding the Army of Tennessee at that time as a record of the part taken by my brigade in the battles near Missionary Ridge. Being under the immediate orders of the general commanding on that occasion, I address this communication to you.

Having been in command of the post at Charleston, Tennessee, for some weeks, I was ordered by telegram (marked A) from Colonel Brent, assistant adjutant-general on the evening of November 23, to move with all expedition by rail to Chickamauga Station via Dalton, Ga., which I executed on the first train of cars that I could command, leaving Charleston about 8.30 a.m. on the same day. I was

