
My officers and men of all grades deserve my acknowledgments for their good conduct and admirable coolness, by which we succeeded in developing a very important position of the enemy and checking any contemplated movement upon the right flank of the army, by which the enemy might have succeeded in gaining our rear, and thus rendering our reserves most disastrous.

I regret to report that the cavalry of the enemy, commanded by Colonel Long, which crossed near the mouth of the Chickamauga, succeeded in capturing my brigade train (C), which was en route from Charleston to Chickamauga. My brigade quartermaster learning that a large force was approaching, had turned his train down the Ringgold road, where the enemy pursued and captured it. The small detail guarding it were unable to make any resistance to so overwhelming a force. Major Elcan, assistant quartermaster, and several of the men with him escaped captured. This proved a severe loss to my officers and men, whose personal baggage was in the train, as well as heavy loss to the Government.

All of my staff discharged their duties promptly and with the highest zeal and intelligence, including Captain Leon Trousdale, assistant adjutant-general; Captain E. F. Lee, assistant inspector-general; Firt Lieutenant E. T. Harris, aide-de-camp, and Surg. H. S. Jones, brigade surgeon.

Surgeon Jones was at the head of the column when the enemy's fire opened, and rendered me materials assistance in transmitting my orders. His field hospital was established with promptitude under unusual difficulties.

I respectfully refer you to the reports of subordinate commanders for a more minute statement of the operations of their commands.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

MARCUS J. WRIGHT,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Colonel JOHN B. SALE,

Military Secretary.

[Inclosures.]

A.

General MARCUS J. WRIGHT:

CHICKAMAUGA, November 23, 1863.

Move with your command on first train, leaving 300 men at Charleston. Telegraph your departure.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

B.

BRAGG'S HEADQUARTERS,

November 24, 1863-8.30 a.m.

General WRIGHT:

Direct Colonel Hill to guard the Shallow Ford Bridge and the railroad bridge over the Chickamauga. You will then proceed toward the mouth of the Chickamauga to develop the strength and designs of the enemy. Resist him every step. Should he not have crossed the Tennessee, resist his crossing. Impede him vigorously. Report frequently.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

