
[CHAP. XLIII.

(my command being on the right was in front) and when we had arrived within about three-quarters of a mile of the mouth of the creek I was suddenly opened upon by the enemy with small-arms from the opposite side of the creek, where they lay under cover of the bank of the creek in large force, not exceeding 100 yards distant from me. I immediately halted the command upon the ground it then occupied and formed line fronting the enemy under a very heavy fire from him, my command behaving in the coolest manner, forming promptly, and opened fire upon him, which caused him to become very restless in his hiding place, and in a few moments caused him to retire before my fire. I had expect when they opened fire upon me that they would certainly injure me very much, the distance being so short and my regiment being in an open place without any protection, but they overshot the mark and did not do me much damage.

Having driven the enemy from my immediate front, and perceiving that he was bringing up a battery of artillery to open upon me with, and at that moment receiving an order from Brigadier-General Wright to retire by the left flank up the creek, on examination of the ground I perceived that his battery would have a fair play on me at 400 or 500 yards if I moved by the left flank, and seeing a considerable eminence immediately in my rear, I gave the order to move to the rear by the right of companies, which was done promptly and in good order, without the enemy getting a shot at me with his artillery. As soon as I was under cover of the hill, I formed line and moved off with the balance of the brigade by the left flank, as previously ordered. We were again formed on an eminence, where we remained until about dark, when we were again ordered to Chickamauga Station at a double-quick, the supposition being that the enemy, who had crossed a large force of cavalry at the mouth of the creek before we arrived there, would attempt to destroy our stores of supplies at that place. We arrived at the station about 9 o'clock at night. The men were very much fatigued, having been up all the night before and moving about all day. We found everything quiet, and remained there until about 2 a.m., when orders were received to move the brigade immediately to the railroad bridge across the creek. Brigadier-General Wright being very unwell, I was ordered by him to take command of the brigade and move to the bridge. Turning over the command of the regiment to Lieutenant Colonel Chris. C. McKinney, I assumed command of the brigade. I refer you to his report for proceedings of the regiment after that time.

JNumbers H. ANDERSON,

Colonel Eighth Regiment Tennessee Infantry.

Captain LEON TROUSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 231.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Chris C. McKinney, Eighth Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT VOLUNTEERS,Camp near Dalton, Ga., March 31, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by the Eighth Tennessee Volunteers in the action around Missionary Ridge November 25, 1863:

The Eighth Regiment, together with the brigade, was at Chicka-

