
mauga Station, where it had been ordered on the evening of November 24, 1863.

About 2 a.m. orders were received to move immediately to the railroad bridge across Chickamauga Creek. Colonel John H. Anderson at this instant was ordered to take command of Wright's brigade, and the same time turning over the command of the Eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers to me, I immediately formed the regiment and proceeded to the railroad bridge, as per orders above, which place we reached about daylight. I was ordered to put the Eighth Regiment in position on an eminence just above the bridge, which order was promptly obeyed. I remained in this place about two hours, when Colonel John H. Anderson, commanding brigade, ordered me to take my command down the creek about half a mile and report to Colonel Colquitt, of the First Arkansas Regiment, which I did promptly,and put my command in position on his left, and proceeded to protect my command by constructing a breastwork of logs, which was accomplished in a very short time. We remained in this position until sunset, when I received orders from Colonel Anderson to move to Shallow Ford Bridge, which orders I complied with immediately. On arriving at the bridge, I placed my command in position just above the bridge, where we remained until about 2 o'clock, when Colonel Anderson called for a detail of men and axes, which I furnished, and in a short time had the satisfaction of seeing the bridge totally destroyed by cutting it away.

In a very short time after the destruction of the bridge I received an order from Colonel Anderson to move to Chickamauga Station and join our division, which order I promptly obeyed, together with the brigade, which point we reached about 3 o'clock on the morning of November 26, when we rejoined our division and moved back to this place.

CHRIS. C. McKINNEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. Eighth Tennessee Regiment.

Captain LEON TROUSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Casualties of the Eighth Regiment Tennessee Infantry, Wright's brigade, Cheatham's division, in the battle of Chickamauga Creek, on November 24, 1863.-Second Lieutenant William R. Galyen, Company A,

gunshot wound, left leg fractured, tibia, severe; Private Hugh H. Bradley, Company A, gunshot wound, left hand fractured, metacarpal bones,, severe; Private James A. L. D. Stevens, Company B, gunshot wound, left hand, slight.

S. E. H. DANCE,

Surgeon Eighth Regiment Tennessee Volunteers.

Numbers 232.

Report of Captain Benjamin Randals, Sixteenth Tennessee Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT,April 9, 1864.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of the part taken by the Sixteenth Tennessee Regiment in the battle of Missionary Ridge November 24 an 25, 1863:

On the evening of the 24th, the regiment, with the other regiments

