
[CHAP. XLIII.

of the brigade, was marched down the east side of the Chickamauga, Colonel D. M. Donnell commanding. When near the mouth of the river we were fired upon by infantry and artillery; surprised, as none were anticipating an enemy. The same eagerness was manifested by the men to engage the enemy that has ever characterized this regiment. There were but few shots exchanged.

The regiments was ordered to fall back under cover of a hill. There was no disorder or confusion among the men. All acted well the part of good soldiers. They were cool, calm, and deliberate. We were then withdrawn to the bridge across the Chickamauga with the loss of 1 killed and 8 wounded. Here we remained on our arms during the remainder of the engagement, taking no further part in the engagement.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

BEN. RANDALS,

Captain, Commanding Sixteenth Tennessee.

Captain LEON TROUSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-I have omitted the different changes of positions during this time, thinking it unimportant.

B. R.

Numbers 233.

Report of Colonel Sidney S. Stanton, Twenty-eighth Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. TWENTY-EIGHTH TENNESSEE REGIMENT,Near Dalton, April 6, 1864.

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report of the movements and operations of my regiment on November 24 and 25, 1863, near Missionary Ridge:

In the afternoon of November 24, Twenty-eighth Tennessee Regiment, with the other regiments of the brigade, having arrived at the railroad bridge near Chickamauga Station, soon moved for the mouth of Chickamauga River. Having moved about 1 1/2 miles from the bridge toward the mouth of the river, the enemy suddenly opened fire upon us, while marching by the flank with unloaded pieces. I immediately halted, and, in obedience to orders from Brigadier-General Wright, formed for battle. The enemy's skirmishers continued firing, which was returned only by that portion of my regiment which had long-range guns, the distance being too far to effect much even with them. Having remained in this position for near fifteen minutes, the Twenty-eighth Tennessee moved with the brigade back to Chickamauga Station.

At 2 a.m. November 25, we moved back to the railroad bridges near the tunnel through Missionary Ridge, when I was ordered to report with my regiment to Brigadier General Lucius E. Polk. Having done so I received orders to take position on high hill below the bridges, to watch and report all movements of the enemy in that direction, and should he advance, to hold said hill as long as possible.

At 11 p.m., 25th, having been ordered to evacuate said position, I reported again to Brigadier-General Polk, whose brigade formed the rear guard of the retreating forces on that road.

