
The Twenty-eighth Tennessee remained with General Polk's brigade until Friday, November 26, when we rejoined General Wright's brigade at Tunnel Hill, Ga.

In the engagement on the 24th we lost none killed and but 2 or 3 slightly wounded-not serious enough to be reported.

The conduct of both men and officers was, as usual, bold and fearless, willing to measure steel with the enemy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. STANTON,

Colonel Twenty-eighth Tennessee.

Captain LEON TROUSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 234.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel John G. Hall, Fifty-first Tennessee Infantry, commanding Fifty-first and Fifty-second Tennessee Infantry.
HDQRS. FIFTY-FIRST AND FIFTY-SECOND Tennessee REGIMENTS.,Near Dalton, Ga., March 29, 1864.

SIR: I beg leave to submit the following report of the part taken by the Fifty-first and Fifty-second Tennessee Regiments, under my command, in the engagement at Missionary Ridge on November 24 and 25, 1863:

I arrived with regiments at Chickamauga Station (Western and Atlantic road) on the morning of November 24. Immediately on my arrival I was ordered to form the regiment and make the necessary arrangements for an advance and skirmish with the enemy. Soon after I had formed the regiment for this purpose I was ordered to take position with regiment at the bridge over Chickamauga River. I remained at the bridge for several hours, when I was relieved and ordered to rejoin the brigade, which had gone in the direction of the mouth of the river. I joined the brigade between sundown and dark. While en route to brigade several shots were fired at regiments by the enemy's sharpshooters on the opposite side of the stream, but no casualties. Having joined the brigade I remained with it during the night and the day following. The brigade, after I had joined it, retired a short distance to the rear stacked arms. We remained in this position until 9 or 10 o'clock, when we were ordered to Chickamauga Station. We remained at the station, I suppose, about two hours, when we were ordered to the Stone Bridge.

We remained at the bridge until about 9 a.m. on the 25th, when we were ordered farther to the left, where we remained until between sundown and dark, cutting trees and arranging them as breastworks, in case of an attack from the enemy. Between sundown and dark we were ordered 300 or 400 yards to the left to occupy the position vacated by Brigadier-General Polk's brigade. We remained in this position but a short time, when we were again ordered to the bridge near Shallow Ford, on Chickamauga River. I was ordered with regiment to take position at the ford, the brigade remaining at the bridge. I remained in this position until I was ordered to rejoin the brigade, which was moving off on the road to Chickamauga Station, from thence to Tunnell Hill, &amp;c.

