
[CHAP. XLIII.

The regiment was not under fire. We had none killed or wounded. Only 1 man is missing, but, from what was been heard of him, he was barefooted and is supposed was captured.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN G. HALL,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Comdg. 51st and 52nd Tennessee Regiments.

Captain LEON TROUSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 235.

Report of Captain R. F. Kolb, Alabama Battery.
HEADQUARTERS KOLB'S BATTERY,April 2, 1864.

CAPTAIN: Your communication of 31st ultimo, requesting a report of the part taken by my battery in the engagement of Wright's brigade with the enemy near the mouth of Chickamauga Creek on November 24, 1863, has been received. I have the honor to submit the following report:

At 8 o'clock on the morning of November 24, 1863, I received orders from my battalion commander, Major S. C. Williams, to proceed immediately with my battery to the railroad bridge over Chickamauga Creek and report to Brigadier-General Wright. Having reported as directed, my battery was placed in position on the hill to the right of said bridge.

About 2 p.m., agreeably to orders from General Wright, I moved with his brigade in the direction of the mouth of Chickamauga Creek, and while marching in that direction we were attacked by the enemy from the opposite side of the creek. I immediately moved my battery out of the road by the right flank into an old field, and placing two pieces in position opened on the enemy and fired 2 rounds. Agreeably to orders from General Wright, I then moved to a hill about 400 yards in my rear, where I placed two guns in position and again opened, firing 17 rounds. At night we fell back from this position to the one occupied in the morning.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. F. KOLB,

Captain, Commanding Battery.

Captain LEON TROUSDALE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 236.

Report of Lieutenant R. T. Gibson, Howell's (Georgia) battery, Walker's division.

BATTN. OF LIGHT ARTILLERY, HOWELL'S BATTERY,

December 23, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report regarding my participation in the affair yielding up Lookout Mountain to the enemy:

On Monday, the 16th ultimo, I was ordered by Captain Howell to

