
take two 6-pounder guns up to the Craven house and put them in position, which order was obeyed. I also received orders to send my horses back to the park, which I did. I do not remember receiving orders to report to any one, nor did any officer give me orders while I remained there.

On the morning of the 24th ultimo, hearing a scattering musketry fire, I went up to the Craven house for the purpose of ascertaining its meaning. While endeavoring to find out the cause of the firing I perceived our men (Walthall's brigade) falling back in disorder, and very rapidly, the enemy pursuing. My supports having fallen back, and my horses being at the foot of the mountain, I considered it best to march off my men, as there was no possibility of either moving my guns or repulsing the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. T. GIBSON,

Second Lieutenant, Howell's Light Battery.

[Captain G. W. McCAWLEY,]

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 237.

Report of Major General Carter L. Stevenson, C. S. Army, commanding division and Left Flank, Army of Tennessee.
HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON'S DIVISION,Near Dalton, January 8, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjt. and Insp. General, C. S. Army, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: Seeing in the Richmond journals that General Bragg has submitted his report of the battles of November 24 and 25 to the War Department, I take the liberty of forwarding direct by Lieutenant Patton, aide-de-camp, my report, with those of my subordinate commanders, of the operations of the troops under my command at and near Lookout Mountain on November 24, 1863. Copies of all of the accompanying papers have been forwarded to General Bragg through the headquarters of the Army of Tennessee.

I am, general, respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON'S DIVISION,HARDEE'S CORPS, ARMY OF TENNESSEE,

Near Dalton, January 2, 1864.

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the troops of my command west of Chattanooga Creek on November 24, 1863:

On November 12, I was directed to move my division from the position near the tunnel on the East Tennessee and Georgia Railroad, which it had occupied since its return from East Tennessee, to the extreme left of our infantry lines-the top of Lookout Mountain-reporting to Lieutenant-General Hardee.

On November 14, the positions of the troops of his command were assigned by the lieutenant-general. Walker's division, commanded

