
[CHAP. XLIII.

vision-with which was then serving Pettus' brigade, of my own division-afterward, all with directions to await further orders on the eastern side. General Cheatham then left me, as I understood, to get further orders from General Bragg. Except about one hour- from about 10.30 a.m.-the mountain was enveloped in fog during the day.

About 12 m. two staff officers of General Bragg rode up to where I was (General Cumming's quarters), and stating that they could not find General Cheatham, handed me orders to him from General Bragg to send all the troops that had been west of Chattanooga Creek to the extreme right. This order was immediately given, and was executed as quickly as possible. The conduct of the troops was all that could have been desired, and they accomplished all that could have been expected of them.

The withdrawal of Walker's division on the night of the 23d, in my opinion, rendered the position on the left, opposed by so large a force, untenable, and it was beyond the power of the troops there to do more than secure the communication with the top of the mountain and with the main body of the army until General Bragg could decide whether he would re-enforce them sufficiently to hold the line or abandon it. His decision I have already given.

The mountain was held until 2 o'clock the next morning, and the troops, artillery and trains were withdrawn in order to the eastern side of the creek.

As Brigadier-General Jackson is mentioned in the reports of subordinate commanders as having been absent from his headquarters with me, it is due to him to state that, having checked the enemy in rear of the Craven house, and finding that they had massed a considerable force on the Chattanooga road, apparently with the intention of advancing from that direction, it being important that he should have definite orders in case they should make a successful attack upon the troops on that part of the line-and thus cut us off from the main body of the army-to provide against any accident in transmission of such orders, he came to me to receive them in person. I approved of his course, under the circumstances. As his conduct at the battle of Missionary Ridge, when not under my command, has been alluded to in one of the accompanying reports, I append, at his request, to be read with said report, a communication (D) addressed him on the subject by his commanding officer, Major-General Cheatham.

I take pleasure in expressing my indebtedness to Major W. D. Pickett, of Lieutenant-General Hardee's staff, and my renewed obligations to Majors John J. Reeve, George L. Gillespie, J. H. F. Mayo, H. M. Mathews, H. Webb, J. E. McElrath, and Chief Surg. H. M. Compton, of my staff.

For the particular service rendered by the several regiments, I respectfully as attention to the reports of brigade commanders.

I transmit herewith maps* of the line west of Chattanooga Creek.

Delay in the reports of subordinate commanders and my illness have prevented me from forwarding this report sooner.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. L. STEVENSON,

Major-General.

Colonel GEORGE WILLIAM BRENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*To appear in Atlas.

---------------

