
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS STEVENSON'S DIVISION,

No.-. In the Field, November 27, 1863.

The major-general commanding desires to return his sincere thanks to the brave officers and men of his command for the gallantry which they have exhibited during the recent operations of the army. It was Pettus' brigade, of his division, which first checked an enemy flushed with victory on Lookout Mountain, and held him at bay until ordered to retire.

On the next day, on the right of Missionary Ridge, the whole division (Brown's, Cumming's, and Pettus' brigades, and the artillery) fought with a courage which merited and won success. Cumming's brigade three times charged the enemy, routing him and taking several colors. Whatever may have been the issued as regards other commands, the officers and men of this division can look back to the battle of Missionary Ridge, can recall their repulse of every assault of the enemy, and their success in holding their position, with the pride of soldiers whose strong arms and stout hearts have entitled them to the gratitude and admiration of their country.

By command of Major-General Stevenson:

JOHN J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 238.

Report of Brigadier General John C. Brown, C. S. Army, commanding brigade and Stevenson's division.
HEADQUARTERS BROWN'S BRIGADE,November 30, 1863.

MAJOR: I beg to submit a report of the part performed by my command in the battle of Lookout Mountain and Missionary Ridge on November 24 and 25.

On Monday night, November 23, Major-General Stevenson directed me to take command of his division, then occupying the summit of Lookout Mountain and defending the approaches at the point and on the west slope of the mountain as far as Nickajack trail, a distance of 10 miles.

At 12 o'clock that night I was ordered by the major-general to send Cumming's brigade to the base of Lookout Mountain to report to Brigadier-General Jackson, and Garrity's battery of Parrott guns to report to Brigadier-General Anderson on the right of the line, on Missionary Ridge.

Early Tuesday morning, the 24th, the pickets at passes of the mountain were re-enforced, and at 12 m., in obedience to an order from the major-general commanding I sent Pettus' brigade, except the Twenty-third and Thirtieth Alabama Regiments, to report to brigadier-General Jackson, half way down the mountain, leaving me only my own brigade, the Twenty-third and Thirtieth Alabama Regiments, and Corput's battery of Napoleons. The Eighteenth and Twenty-sixth Regiments (consolidated), under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Butler, were disposed at Powell's and Nickajack trails and the contiguous passes. Powell's trail 7 miles and Nick-

