
line of defenses and the railroad, prolonging Cleburne's line to the railroad, my left considerably advanced. I occupied this position until near sunset. My skirmishers were all the while engaged, and so hotly for a time that I re-enforced the line until nearly half of my command was deployed as skirmishers. They checked the enemy and prevented his advance, killed and wounded many, and captured 50 prisoners. I did not advance from my position, because my orders left me no discretion. Indeed, there was probably no time when it would have been advisable.

About 3 p.m. Major-General Cleburne suggested to me that I might change my front forward on my right battalion and attack the column of the enemy in flank which was moving immediately on his front. I told him I had just returned from my line of skirmishers, who were hotly engaged, and if I changed the direction of my line I would be exposed to a terrible fire on my flank from the enemy, who was lying under the hill not more than 300 yards in my front.

He readily perceived that the movements would be hazardous, and directed me not to make it, but to retain my position.

About one hour before sunset I was ordered to move rapidly toward the center and report to Major-General Cheatham with my command. By this officer's direction I formed on the left of the remnant of Walthall's brigade, which had its right resting on the line of defenses the enemy having previously penetrated the center of our line on Missionary Ridge. There was an irregular line in our front skirmishing with the enemy, but it soon retired in broken fragments, and we then advanced. I had orders to conform the movements of my part of the line to that of the command on my right. Before advancing 100 yards the troops on my right gave way in great disorder, and while that portion of the line was being reformed orders arrived for me to move by the left flank across the Chickamauga by way of the railroad bridge. Major-General Cheatham conducted the movement, and in less than three hours we had effected the crossing and were in bivouac near the Shallow Ford road.

My entire command without an exception behaved well.

Captain Tucker, Thirty-second Tennessee Regiment, had charge of the line of skirmishers on the 25th, and deserves the highest praise for his skill and coolness.

I am under renewed obligations to Captain H. J. Cheney, assistant adjutant-general; J. T. Brown, first lieutenant and aide-de-camp; Captain J. B. Moore, assistant inspector-general of my staff, and M. A. Carter, and George B. McCallum, acting staff officer, for the prompt and efficient discharge of their respective duties.

Attention is invited to the reports of regimental commanders, herewith filed, marked, respectively, A, B, C, D, and E.*

I have the honor to be, major, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. BROWN,

Brigadier-General.

Major J. J. REEVE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Stevenson's Division.

---------------

*Butler's, McGuire's, and Searcy's the only sub-reports found.

---------------

