
[CHAP. XLIII.

Numbers 239.

Report of Captain Max Van Den Corput, Cherokee (Georgia) Artillery.
HDQRS. CHEROKEE ARTILLERY, STEVENSON'S DIVISION,December 29, 1863.

MAJOR: In obedience to orders from Major-General Stevenson's [headquarters], I send you a report of the part taken by my battery on November 24 last while on the summit of Lookout Mountain:

On the night of November 23 and 24 last, I was ordered by General Brown, in command of General Stevenson's division, to place two Napoleon guns on the point of the mountain and relieve Garrity's battery, which I did, and at 1 a.m. that night I had my section in position on the right of the mountain, facing the Craven house.

At daybreak and until 10 o'clock the fog was so heavy that it was impossible to distinguish anything in the valley below.

About 10 a.m. the fog on the side of Lookout Creek had disappeared enough to show us the Federals moving in three different bodies from the foot of Raccoon Mountain toward Lookout Creek. The pickets had been firing from about sunrise toward the creek. We could hear very distinctly cutting of timber in the valley, but presuming that the pickets would give notice of any work going on on the side of the Federals, I took no notice of it. The longest fuse that I had with my guns was 7", which time would carry my shells only 1 mile. The position of the Federals being far over that distance, I did not open fire on them then. After their first charge on our infantry-who instantly gave way, the enemy pursuing them-I opened fire on the Federals, having brought my section in position on the left of the mountain. I fired 33 shells, doing in many instances good execution. The Federals were, however, soon under cover of the rocks, being unable to depress my guns enough. The for during all that time was very dense on the right and in front of the point. When the enemy made their charge I discover two places over the creek where they had made bridges by cutting timber, which answered for the cutting that I heard in the morning. Unable to do anything more, I waited for further orders.

At about 12.30 p.m. I received orders to bring my pieces back toward headquarters.

At 1 p.m., being close by headquarters, the order was countermanded and I went back to the point. I took position on the right, the fog being still very heavy, and waited for orders.

At about 2 p.m. General Brown gave me orders to fire toward the Craven house if I could ascertain the direction, the enemy being reported in force in that direction. I obtained from the signal corps the position of the house, and fired about thirty times at intervals in that direction and toward the right. In the opinion of General Brown, then present, and according to my own judgment, I believe I did some good firing.

At 3.45 p.m. I received orders from headquarters to retire with my section from the point, which order was obeyed, and in passing at headquarters I reported to the general, who gave me orders to proceed with my battery to the foot of the mountain and from there to the rear. In coming down the Lookout the enemy shelled my

