
Numbers 242.

Report of Colonel Anderson Searcy, Forty-fifth Tennessee Infantry, commanding Forty-fifth Tennessee Infantry and Newman's battalion.
HDQRS. 45TH Tennessee REGIMENT AND NEWMAN'S BATTALION,December 29, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report the action of my regiment in the late battles of Lookout Mountain and Missionary Ridge, November 24 and 25.

Both officers and men acted well. My regiment was not engaged at all on Lookout Mountain nor on Missionary Ridge, except a few thrown out as skirmishers. Although we were on the front line the whole day and under very heavy fire, our line remained firm. We held our position with skirmishers alone.

Toward night we were ordered to move to the extreme left, which we did; but to our great surprise we found that the men at that point had been driven from the ridge in great disorder. We were immediately formed in line. Skirmishers were thrown forward to check the enemy. We remained in this position until everything had been moved out. When the retreat was ordered we moved off in perfect order.

Accompanied you will find a list of our killed, wounded, and missing.*

Respectfully submitted.

A. SEARCY,

Colonel, Commanding.

M. A. CARTER,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Brown's Brigade.

Numbers 243.

Report of Brigadier General Edmund W. Pettus, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS PETTUS' BRIGADE,Camp near Dalton, Ga., December 6, 1863.

SIR: At 12.30 o'clock on the 24th ultimo, I was with my command on the top of Lookout Mountain, and was then ordered by Brigadier-General Brownn, commanding Stevenson's division, to report with three regiments of my command to Brigadier-General Jackson, commanding at the Craven house. I moved at once with the Twentieth, Thirty-first, and Forty-sixth Alabama Regiments, and at the head of the column, I found Brigadier-General Jackson at the point where the road to the Craven house leaves the road leading down the mountain. Communicating orders, I was directed to hasten forward and re-enforce Brigadier-General Moore at the Craven house. On the way I met squads of Moore's and Walthall's brigades, and when about 300 yards from the Craven house I found that that point had been carried by the enemy. The two brigades which had held the point had fallen back. Here I found Brigadier-General Walthall with the remnant of his command formed at right angles with

---------------

*Nominal list (omitted) shows 1 killed and 14 wounded.

---------------

