
[CHAP. XLIII.

and on the left of the road gallantly fighting to stay the advance of the enemy. He informed me that he had lost a large part of his command; that his ammunition was nearly exhausted, and that he could not hold the position he then had.

Having no time to send back for orders, and finding the fighting was then all on the left of the road, I moved my command, though right in front, by filing to the left directly up the mountain side to the rock bluff. So soon as formed, my command was faced by the rear rank, moved forward, relieving Walthall's brigade, and was at once engaged with the enemy. While my command was moving into position I sent an officer to the right to find Brigadier-General Moore, and to ascertain his condition and the position of his line. In this way I learned that Moore's left was about 150 yards from my right, and his right resting at the large rocks in the road above the mouth of Chattanooga Creek. I then went down to Moore's line and had a moment's consultation with him, and at his request extended intervals to the right so as to connect with his line. These facts were communicated by me to Brigadier-General Jackson, with the request that he would come forward, look at the line, and give us orders, but he did not come in person, but sent orders that the position must be held.

Meantime the enemy made repeated assaults on my left next to the bluff, but were bravely met and repulsed by the Twentieth Alabama Regiment and four companies of the Thirty-first Alabama Regiment.

Knowing that Brigadier-General Moore's line was weak, and that his men were almost out of ammunition, I again sent Captain Smith, of my staff, to inform the brigadier-general commanding as to the progress of the fight and to ask his assistance. Captain Smith found Brigadier-General Jackson at the headquarters of Major-General Stevenson, on the top of the mountain, who was then commanding the forces west of Chattanooga Creek, about 1 1/2 miles from the fight, where General Jackson informs me he had gone to confer with General Stevenson as to the mode in which the troops should be withdrawn in case the enemy should get possession of the mountain road. In answer to my communication I was directed to hold my position as long as possible. When I had to send again to the brigadier-general commanding he was still on the top of the mountain.

After my command had been engaged about two hours Brigadier-General Walthall, having formed the remnant of his brigade and supplied his men with ammunition, returned with his command into the fight on the left, and our commands fought together from that time until relieved.

It should be remarked that during the day the fog was very dense on the mountain side. It was almost impossible to distinguish any object at the distance of 100 yards.

The enemy made no attack on my right or on Brigadier-General Moore's line, but the attack on the left was continued, and, finding that the purpose of the enemy was to force my left, at the suggestion of Brigadier-General Walthall, I ordered Captain Davis, commanding the Twentieth Alabama Regiment, to move forward, keeping his left well up to the bluff, and drive the enemy from the higher ground they then held. The order was executed promptly and in gallant style. The higher ground was gained and held during the fight.

About 8 o'clock at night Clayton's brigade, commanded by Colonel Holtzclaw, relieved Walthall's brigade and the Twentieth and Thirty-first Alabama Regiments of my command. These two regi-

