
ments were withdrawn and formed in the road a short distance in the rear. Some time after this I went to the road leading down the mountain, and there met Brigadier-General Jackson coming down. He directed me to keep my command where it was and await orders, and then passed on down the mountain.

After 1 o'clock that night I received orders from the brigadier-general commanding to retire with my command across Chattanooga Creek at the upper bridge, which was done quietly and in good order.

Captains Gould and Smith, of my staff, bore themselves gallantly throughout the affair.

Below is a statement of the casualties in my command. It is small. The day was dark and the men well sheltered in the rocks.

In the fight of 24th ultimo: Killed, 9; wounded, 38; missing, 9. Total loss, 56.

I am, sir, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. W. PETTUS,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

Major JOHN INGRAM,

Asst. Adjt. General, Brigadier General Jackson's Command.

Numbers 244.

Report of Colonel Charles M. Shelley, Thirtieth Alabama Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTIETH ALABAMA REGIMENT,Near Dalton, Ga., December 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit he following report of the part taken by my command in the engagement whit the enemy on Lookout Mountain November 24:

About 12 m. I was informed that the enemy had crossed Lookout Creek, with a view of attacking our position, and was ordered by General Pettus to proceed immediately to Smith's trail, on the top of the mountain. Arriving there, I received orders from General Stevenson to deploy four of my companies as skirmishers on the point to guard the approaches in that direction. I held the position until 7 o'clock at night, with the loss of 1 man killed and 1 slightly wounded, when I was ordered to withdraw and follow General Brown's brigade down the mountain, which I did, and bivouacked with his command on the east side of Chattanooga Creek.

I am, captain, very respectfully,

C. M. SHELLEY,

Colonel, Commanding Thirtieth Alabama Regiment.

Captain JOHN S. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 245.

Report of Brigadier General Alfred Cumming C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CUMMING'S BRIGADE,Near Dalton, December 5, 1863.

MAJOR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of my brigade on November 24 and 25:

About 4 o'clock on the afternoon of the 23rd ultimo, I received an

