
[CHAP. XLIII.

again to the foot of the hill and drive the enemy from the houses and vicinity. This permission was not accorded, but subsequently he was directed to send four companies to set fire to the houses. This was successfully performed by Captain Milton, who took possession of the houses, burned them, and rejoined his regiment, bringing off with him 9 prisoners and sustaining but little loss.

Shortly after this operation, about 1 p.m., I received an order from Major-General Stevenson to send one regiment of my brigade to report to Major-General Cleburne to continue the left of his line from the direction of the knob hitherto mentioned toward the railroad. This duty was assigned to the Thirty-ninth Georgia, which, forming in line of battle, marched to the position indicated. Immediately afterward I received directions to send another regiment to the same point and with the same instructions. The Thirty-fourth Georgia, commanded now by Lieutenant-Colonel Bradley, was sent. The two regiments last referred to, in the position they now occupied, held the crest of the ridge between the fortified point heretofore referred to and the railroad.

Immediately upon their arrival at their respective positions each regiment in succession became hotly engaged with the enemy, who occupied a declivity behind a ridge about 30 yards from the ridge occupied by our troops. At this point the gallant Colonel McConnell fell, shot through the head with a rifle-ball. Actuated by a zealous desire to place his troops in a position where they could be most effectively employed against the enemy, he rode forward to the front and right of his regiment. In this he was plainly exposed to the view of the enemy's line. His life fell a sacrifice to hi zeal and fidelity to the public cause. In his death the Confederacy lost a most gallant and meritorious soldier, and the State of Georgia a most useful and patriotic citizen.

While the two regiments last referred to had been taking up their position on Cleburne's left, the other two regiments of the brigade, the Fifty-sixth and Thirty-sixth Georgia, had been conducted by the brigadier-general in person in rear of the fortified knob. Shortly after attaining this position an order was received from Major-General Stevenson to send another regiment to Cleburne's left. The Fifty-sixth Georgia was formed and marched in line of battle up the knoll, the brigade commander directing its movements in person. Before attaining the crest of the ridge I encountered Major-General Cleburne, to whom I reported, and by whom I was directed to carry the regiment to the highest point of the knob and to the nearest place behind the breastworks, where it would be sheltered, and to retain that position. In attaining this position the regiment was subjected to a very heavy fire, during which Lieutenant-Colonel Slaughter fell, wounded in the leg by a fragment of shell.

Upon my appearance on the hill I was met by several officers of the rank of colonel, whose troops were engaged in the breastworks, and who were acquainted with the situation of affairs, who advised me that our troops in the outer line were being shot down by the enemy, who was completely under shelter, and that a brisk, effective charge at that point would probably succeed in driving him from the front of the works. I was advised at the same time of an opening of 40 or 50 yards in the breastworks immediately in my front, through which I at once approved the idea, but felt that another regiment would be necessary to its successful prosecution, and I desired likewise to obtain the consent of the major-general

