
[CHAP. XLIII.

upon the enemy in the flat, in a short time completely routed him and drove him in confusion beyond his supports. The troops retained their position at the foot of the slope until their dead and wounded were brought in. There being no further indication of an advance upon the part of the enemy, the brigade was the drawn behind the breastworks and rested on its arms in rear of certain fresh troops who were found in that position.

Shortly after our withdrawal to the point designated I received an order from Major-General Cleburne to move my brigade down the ridge toward the left. After moving about half a mile to the left I found the head of my column approaching a line of battle drawn up at right angles to the ridge. On riding forward I ascertained it was Brigadier-General Brown's brigade. On consultation with that officer I was advised to retain my then position until instructions should be received from Lieutenant-General Hardee. At this moment the enemy opened fire upon the troops that were in front of Brigadier-General Brown, and those troops giving back, General Brown's brigade was faced about and marched to the rear, pursuant to orders previously given him. This produced some little confusion in my troops, which was, however, shortly rectified, and they were marched forward and placed in line of battle on General Brown's right and in continuation of his line. Immediately thereafter we received orders from Major-General Cheatham to move our troops from the field by the left flank, moving toward Chickamauga Depot. This was effected under cover of night, without loss or confusion.

In a contest in which all concerned bore themselves so well it is impossible to particularize. The regiments all conducted themselves with distinguished gallantry. In the several charges five colors and many prisoners were taken by the brigade. The commanders of the Fifty-sixth and Thirty-sixth Georgia Regiments (Captains Grice and Morgan) managed their regiments with great boldness and energy. The brigade commander received valuable assistance from Acting Adjutant Brewster, of the Fifty-sixth Regiment.

Captains Cody, Wise, and Phinizy, and Lieutenant Steiner, members of my staff, were with me during the engagement, and were especially active and prompt in the discharge of their duty. They rendered valuable aid in encouraging and leading on the troops. In the final charge Captain Cody, acting assistant inspector-general, had his leg broken by a musket-ball, and Lieutenant Steiner, my aide-de-camp, was wounded in the hand by a fragment of shell.

I am, major, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. CUMMING,

Brigadier-General.

Major J. J. REEVE, Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 246.

Report of Brigadier General William B. Bate, C. S. Army, commanding Breckinridge's division, Breckinridge's corps.
HEADQUARTERS BRECKINRIDGE'S DIVISION,Near Dalton, Ga., December 14, 1863.

COLONEL: In obedience to General Orders, Numbers 17, dated headquarters Breckinridge corps, December 4, 1863, I have the honor

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

