
ultant foe. Skirmishers were thrown forward, under Major Wall, Fifteenth and Thirty-seventh Tennessee, on the right, and Major Austin, of Adams' sharpshooters (who was there with a part of his command), on my left. Artillery was planted near the road. I sent officers to push the artillery and ordnance across the bridge and to stop all stragglers. I withdrew from this line the Sixth Florida, under command of Lieutenant-Colonel McLean, and moved it back as a nucleus for another line. I then placed this main (now front) line under command of Brigadier-General Finley, with instructions to hold it as long as possible; when forced, to fall back on the next line. Colonel Rudler was ordered to take command in Tyler's place, but was soon badly wounded and taken from the field. I remained with this line until the sharpshooters were driven in and it became well and successfully engaged.

It was now nearly dark, and I repaired to a field near the junction of the roads leading to Bird's Mill from Missionary Ridge and established a line, with the field in front, under supervision of Lieutenant-Colonel McLeen; this line was formed across the roads. Having thrown out skirmishers along the front and flanks, I proceeded to join General Finley's line, which meantime was hotly engaged, not only checking, but causing the enemy to recede, thus enabling a quiet and orderly withdrawal of that line. This fight was made by a retreating force against and advancing and victorious one. It lasted for nearly an hour after night, and staid the onward movement which was pressing us back to the bridge. For further particulars of this fight, I refer to report of General Finley.

I met the head of this column with Major-General Breckinridge, at whose order it had retired. Not having seen the general since in the earlier part of the evening, when he left General Bragg's quarters to look after the left, I informed him of General Bragg's last order to me and the locality of my next line. He bade me carry out those orders, and with some additional instructions then delivered he proceeded to join General Bragg. Not pursued by the enemy I leisurely moved the command to the pontoon bridge, leaving the third line under Lieutenant-Colonel McLean, with instructions to hold it until ordered to retire. I saw Major-General Stewart at the bridge, and reported to him my instructions from General Bragg. My command being in good order, I moved it to the east bank of Chickamauga and bivouacked, meantime ordering Lieutenant-Colonel McLean to join me, of which withdrawal I notified General Stewart. I reported to General Bragg as ordered, and in two hours moved my command on the Ringgold road, running east of the railroad; thence through that place and to Tunnel Hill next day, and the succeeding one to Dalton, where I was joined by Mebane's battery and subsequently by Lewis' brigade. Lewis' brigade being separated from the command during the fight and retreat, I respectfully refer to his report for the operations of that command.

The service of the artillery, under command of Captain Cobb, was fought successfully and gallantly.

My accomplished assistant adjutant-general, Major George W. Winchester-to whom I feel much indebted for his efficiency and gallantry on this as well as other fields-in seeking to extricate a part of the command as the enemy enveloped us, lost his liberty if not his life, no tidings of his fate having since reached me.

Colonel R. C. Tyler, commanding brigade, who bore himself as became his reputation won on other and more fortunate fields, was

