
[CHAP. XLIII.

ADDENDA.

OFFICE CHIEF ENGINEER, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,

November 20, 1863.

Colonel STANLEY:

One commissioned officer to be in charge of every six boats, himself to be in the leading one of his six. Each boat to hold 5 oarsmen and 25 armed men; no more. The 5 boatmen to take their places first, and as the others enter they can be directed by the oarsmen where to sit or stoop. None must be allowed to stand if they can be otherwise made room for. Upon entering or leaving the boat it would be best to do so from the bow or stern, and not take the sides, to prevent them from upsetting. Not a word must be spoken except by those in charge when absolutely necessary and then with the least possible voice to make themselves heard.

When in the main stream, if the current is sufficiently strong to carry the boats down, no oars are to be pulled, except in an emergency when speed in required. If the action of the oar on the oarlock produces a squealing sound when speed and silence are required, some on sitting near it must dip out of the river some water with their hand and pour on to the oarlock. If the order should be given to muffle the oars the tail of a coat or a hat placed between the oarlock will prevent any sound. The right bank of the river must be hugged as closely as the depth of water will allow. When coming in sight of two lights on the right bank, along side of each other, and parallel to the river, the boats must be steered for the left bank of the river, and when in range of two other lights on the right bank, one behind the other instead of alongside, the leading boat of all is to land on the opposite shore (left bank), the rest landing down stream from it, and as near to each other as convenient. When all have passed down by those first landed then the oarsmen must pull directly across to the other side for another load.

By order of Brigadier General W. F. Smith:

PRESTON C. F. WEST,

Captain, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CHIEF ENGINEER, DEPT. OF THE CUMBERLAND,Chattanooga, Tennessee, November 20, 1863.

Colonel STANLEY:

You will cause at once the small flat-boat to be filled with a proper number of men to be sent to the head of the island, to watch for rafts, &amp;c., that may be sent down by the enemy. The flying bridge must also be ready to go out in the stream at any moment to catch and tow to shore any such raft, &c.., in case the men in the flat-boat are unable to do so. In case of a failure of both parties to manage such rafts they must try at least to guide them through the bridge, the officer in charge of which must be informed, and he will take up a portion of the bridge, and let the boatmen know where to guide them so as not to break it.

By order of Brigadier-General Smith:

PRESTON C. F. WEST,

Captain, and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

