
[CHAP. XLIII.

mediately upon our left, and from which our infantry had been harassing them with a steady, galling fire. These 300 had gotten within 75 or 60 yards, when both guns were fired into them, one loaded with solid shot, the other with canister. They were driven back, leaving their flag and some of their men upon the ground; nor did they, while our troops held that part of the field, make any effort to regain the flag or carry off the bodies of their comrades. They could not be driven from the houses, for ammunition was too scarce to be fired away without some effect. Three times, however, farther back, they endeavored to cross the railroad, and each time retreated as we fired. Indeed, so discouraged and dispirited were they by their defeat in every quarter that at one time, when attempting to cross, the mere sight of the piece and the cannoneers training it upon them (for the mask of brush had been blown away) made them break in confusion. At last they did succeed in moving over a force which, threatening our left, made it advisable that the pieces should be retired. Although exposed to a very sharp fire, they were taken to the rear without loss.

Only 2 men were wounded in the battery in this fight, which slight loss I attribute to the bush in front, which greatly concealed the cannoneers when firing; to the ravine in rear where they sought protection when not firing, and to the annoying fire of our infantry.

Very respectfully,

R. W. GOLDTHWAITE,

First Lieutenant, Commanding.

Captain IRVING A. BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cleburne's Division.

Numbers 250.

Report of Brigadier General Lucius E. Polk, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS POLK'S BRIGADE,December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: In obedience to orders from division headquarters, I submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade in the battle of Taylor's Ridge:

Shortly after daylight on the morning of the 27th ultimo, General Cleburne ordered me to move my brigade through the gap in Taylor's Ridge at Ringgold and place my command so as to defend a road leading to his rear, and at same time place myself in communication with Seventh Texas Regiment, placed on top of Taylor's Ridge.

This move was completed by 9 a.m. I went in person to the top of Taylor's Ridge to see the commanding officer of Seventh Texas Regiment. Before arriving there I met a straggler, who told me the enemy were crossing Taylor's Ridge to the right of General Cleburne's position. I immediately ordered up the First Arkansas Regiment, and, arriving in column at the top of the ridge, found the skirmishers of the enemy within 20 steps of the top on the Ringgold side of the ridge. Firing commenced before the First Arkansas had formed line of battle and continued during the entire time of bringing the regiment into position. After a stubborn contest for some half hour, I succeeded in driving the enemy back to the foot of the ridge, where they immediately formed, and being heavily re-enforced, commenced to move up the hill again. I now ordered up the Fifth Confederate Regiment, and General Lowrey coming up with three

