
[CHAP. XLIII.

line of battle some 300 or 400 yards to the summit of the hill. Our sharpshooters encountered the enemy's, and immediately after he appeared in line of battle, making his way up the opposite steep. The firing was opened on both sides, and continued for about three-quarters of an hour, the enemy pressing with great obstinacy and perseverance in the face of the continuous fire until he was within 30 or 40 yards of our line, the more adventurous and daring leading to within that number of feet. These were mostly killed or wounded and captured. After sustaining, as he must have done, a heavy loss the enemy broke and fled down the hill.

Our loss, 2 killed and 17 wounded. Among the latter, Lieutenant Colonel J. C. Cole, who was shot-and believed mortally-while directing and encouraging his men. Upon the fall of Lieutenant-Colonel Cole, the command devolved upon Captain W. A. Brown, senior officer present, until my arrival with a detachment of the regiment ordered to guard Shallow Ford Bridge.

The officers distinguished for gallant bearing are Captain Brown, Lieutenants R. H. Hayes, E. H. Fite, and Sergt. Major W. B. Clark.

I have the honor, to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. H. DIXON,

Captain, Comdg. Third and Fifth Confederate Regiments.

Captain W. A. KING,

Assistant adjutant-General.

Numbers 252.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel William J. Hale, Second Tennessee Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND TENNESSEE REGIMENT,Tunnel. Hill, Ga., December 3, 1863.

SIR: The following report of the part taken by the Second Tennessee Regiment, commanded by Colonel William D. Robinson, in the battle of Ringgold on the 27th ultimo, is respectfully submitted:

On the morning of November 27, the regiment moved through the town of Ringgold with the brigade and was placed in position in rear of Taylor's Ridge about 9 a.m. The left of the brigade becoming engaged very soon thereafter, and being heavily pressed by the enemy, the regiment was ordered up to support the regiment on its left (the First Arkansas), reaching the top of the ridge almost simultaneously with the enemy were driven back with considerable loss, and the position held until the regiment was ordered off the field. The regiment entered the engagement with 115 men and 18 officers.

Loss: Killed,-; wounded, 6 men and 3 officers; missing,-. Total 9.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

WM. J. HALE,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain W. A. KING,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

