
Numbers 253.

Report of Colonel Daniel C. Govan, Second Arkansas Infantry, commanding Liddell's brigade.
HEADQUARTERS LIDDELL'S BRIGADE,Tunnel Hill, December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to submit the following report of the action of this brigade in the battle of Ringgold on November 27:

Reaching that place about daylight, I marched through the town and was ordered to halt my command, stack arms, and await further orders.

About 8 a.m. it was ascertained that the enemy had crossed in force the ford on the east branch of Chickamauga Creek, a mile in our rear, and were moving rapidly upon us. By direction of General Cleburne, I immediately took position in the gap in Taylor's Ridge, through which the rail and dirt roads run to Tunnel Hill, in the following order in columns of regiments: The Fifth and Thirteenth Arkansas Regiments, commanded by Colonel John E. Murray, supporting two Napoleon guns of Semple's battery, occupied a small ravine running across and near the mouth of the gap. The Eighth and Nineteenth Arkansas Regiments, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Hutchison; the Sixth and Seventh Arkansas, Lieutenant Colonel Peter Snyder, and the Second, Fifteenth and Twenty-fourth Arkansas Regiments, Lieutenant-Colonel Warfield commanding, successively alike in distance in rear.

Skirmishers were deployed along the creek to our left and front, and soon thereafter the enemy made his appearance, moving by the flank and then forward in line of battle on our position. Approaching within 150 yards of our front line, the two Napoleon guns masked opened upon him with canister with terrible effect. The line reeled and staggered and was finally driven back in confusion. Every attempt to force our line met with a similar repulse as the first, until the enemy seemed content to keep up only a heavy skirmish, turning his more serious attention to other portions of our line.

About 3 p.m. I was ordered to deploy a heavy line of skirmishers in rear of my front line, and make the necessary dispositions to withdraw my command, which I did, moving to the rear in good order and undisturbed by the enemy, who, severely punished, showed little disposition to follow us. Moving 1 mile on the Tunnel Hill road, I was ordered to halt, and formed line of battle on a hill commanding the road, and at dark moved with the rest of the division to Tunnel Hill.

In the engagement, both officers and men displayed their usual gallantry.

My casualties were few, a list* of which is herewith forwarded. That of the enemy must have been very heavy.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. C. GOVAN,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain IRVING A. BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

