
[CHAP. XLIII.

My loss in this action was 2 killed, 16 wounded, and 3 missing. That of the enemy in my immediate front must have been several times as large.

I send herewith a list* of the casualties in my command.

Respectfully submitted.

JOHN E. MURRAY,

Colonel, Comdg. 5th and 13th Arkansas Regiments.

Lieutenant W. S. SAWRIE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Liddell's Brigade.
HDQRS. FIFTH AND THIRTEENTH ARKANSAS REGIMENTS.,Tunnel Hill, December 6, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with the requirements of section 27, General Orders, Numbers 93, I have the honor to report the following-named men of my command for gallant and meritorious conduct in the recent engagement, on November 27, at Ringgold, Ga. These men were elected, as provided, by a majority of those in their companies who were in the battle of Ringgold as most entitled to the Badge of Honor provided for in the above-mentioned order, or to the distinction of having their names inscribed upon the Toll of Honor, as provided for in General Orders, No.[131], Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, [October 3,] 1863:

Thirteenth Arkansas Regiment.-Private Thomas Lynch, Company A; Private George W. Stephens, Company B (since died from wounds received); Private P. W. H. Dillehay, Company C; Sergt. Wiley Barbee, Company D; Private James Davis, Company E; Private James R. Smith, Company F; Private G. W. Greer, Company G; Private Isham J. Gibson, Company H; Sergt. John Bynam, Company I; Private James L. Clem, Company K.

Fifth Arkansas Regiment.-Private J. M. Edwards, Company K; Private W. W. Duncan, Company D. The other companies of the Fifth Arkansas made no selection.

I certify that the above is a correct copy of the election certificates now filed in the adjutant's office of this regiment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. MURRAY,

Colonel, Commanding.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

Numbers 256.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel Peter Snyder, Seventh Arkansas Infantry, commanding Sixth and Seventh Arkansas Infantry.
HDQRS. SIXTH AND SEVENTH ARKANSAS REGIMENTS,December 2, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully submit the following report of the part taken by the Sixth and Seventh Arkansas Regiments (consolidated), under my command, in the engagement at Ringgold on November 27:

At about 6 a.m. I forded the creek west of Ringgold, marched through the town to an old field near the depot, where I remained

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

