
with the other regiments of the brigade for near an hour, when the bugle sounded the call to arms. We moved down the Western and Atlantic Railroad to the gorge in the mountain, about a half mile east of the depot, when the following dispositions were made of my regiment: I sent out my three right companies in charge of Lieutenant Dulin, of General Liddell's staff, to the hill on the left flank of the brigade. They were deployed as skirmishers, their right communicating with the main line of skirmishers, the creek only intervening.

At about 11 a.m. I was ordered by Colonel Govan to send forward two companies to support the skirmishers of the Fifth and Thirteenth Arkansas Regiments. I immediately ordered forward Companies D and K, in charge of Captain Todd. They behaved with coolness and bravery. When they had about exhausted their ammunition, I sent forward my two left companies to report to Captain Todd and give him their support if he needed them.

At about 2 p.m. I was ordered by Colonel Govan to deploy the remainder of my regiment and move forward on the line to relieve all the skirmishers of the brigade. I moved forward with my three companies while Captain Griggs, acting major of my regiment, went forward and withdrew the old skirmishers and conducted them to the rear. I held my position with my line of skirmishers under a very heavy fire of artillery and small-arms until all of General Cleburne's division had crossed the first bridge on the Western and Atlantic Railroad below Ringgold, when I commenced retiring, the enemy not following. When I reached the bridge I found it on fire. I waded the creek with my command and moved down the railroad a short distance below the Catoosa house and joined the other regiments of the brigade.

My entire loss during the day's engagement was 13 privates and 3 officers wounded.

Both officers and men behaved in a manner to meet my warmest commendation.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

PETER SNYDER,

Lieutenant Colonel Comdg. Sixth and Seventh Arkansas Regiments.

Lieutenant W. S. SAWRIE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 257.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel A. S. Hutchison, Nineteenth Arkansas Infantry, commanding Eighth and Nineteenth Arkansas Infantry.
HDQRS. EIGHTH AND NINETEENTH ARKANSAS REGIMENTS.,December 2, 1863.

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with orders from brigade headquarters, I beg leave to submit the following report of the Eighth and Nineteenth Arkansas at the battle of Ringgold on November 27:

At about 9 a.m. on the 27th, I received orders to form my regiment in line of battle about 50 yards in rear of the Fifth and Thirteenth Arkansas, which was guarding a section of artillery at the mouth of the gap, and on the road leading from Ringgold to Tunnel Hill. Soon after I had taken up my position, heavy skirmishers commenced in front. I ordered my men to lie down. In this position I remained

