
[CHAP. XLIII.

about 2 hours, a continuous shower of balls passing over me all the while. My regiments being on a slight elevation did not escape from this position entirely unharmed. Several men were wounded, though generally slightly. At length I was ordered forward to the support of Colonel Murray. With bayonets fixed I moved forward and strengthened the line of Colonel Murray, my men occupying the trenches with him promiscuously. Here I remained and fought during the balance of engagement, when I was ordered to move out by the right flank around the crest of the ridge in the direction of Tunnel Hill. Just as we commenced the march by the right flank the enemy opened fire from a battery posted in our immediate front with shell and shot, but fortunately did no damage, as we were soon out of range.

Men and officers generally acted gallantly.

Our loss was 2 killed and 14 wounded. Some few of the severely wounded probably fell into the enemy's hands.

We moved off in good order an without confusion; crossed Chickamauga Creek and formed again to meet him, but the enemy did not again attack us.

Respectfully submitted.

A. S. HUTCHISON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding 8th and 19th Arkansas.

Lieutenant SAWRIE,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 258.

Report of Brigadier General Mark P. Lowrey, C. S. Army, commanding brigade.
HEADQUARTERS LOWREY'S BRIGADE,Tunnel Hill, December 3, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my brigade on Taylor's Ridge in the battle of November 27:

Early in the morning Major-General Cleburne called on me for my smallest regiment to be placed on the mountain to the left of the gap through which the railroad and wagon road passed, leading out from Ringgold in the direction of Tunnel Hill. I sent the Sixteenth Alabama Regiment, and Captain Palmer, assistant adjutant-general, to place them in position. My other three regiments were then placed in the gap. After the skirmishing had commenced between Smith's brigade and the enemy, Major-General Cleburne informed me that the enemy was moving in force to his right, and he wished me to go on the ridge to the right and protect his right flank. I moved my brigade at once by the right flank, and after ascending the hill I heard firing several hundred yards to the right, and, leaving a staff officer to bring up the command, I went in haste to see what it meant. I found the First Arkansas Regiment engaging the enemy's skirmishers, who had already gained the top of the hill. After assuring this regiment that support was at hand, and directing them to hold their position, I hastened to the head of my brigade, which was coming up the ridge at a double-quick with the right flank to the enemy, and the bullets from the enemy's guns already flying down the line. I knew that nothing but the most prompt and rapid

