
movement could save the position, and that I could not take time to put the whole brigade in position before moving upon the enemy. Hence, on reaching the head of the column, composed of Hawkins' sharpshooters and the Thirty-second and Forty-fifth Mississippi Regiments, I commanded by company into line, and deployed the column on the tenth company, continuing the movement to the front with all possible rapidity at the same time. I sent Lieutenant Hall, my aide-de-camp, to bring up the next regiment in the same manner, and I went with the first to their important work and nobly did they perform it. Our spirited fire, the sight of re-enforcements, and a terrific rebel yell combined to strike terror to the foe, and he fled in confusion. The Thirty-third Alabama Regiment was soon brought up and formed on the left of the Thirty-second and Forty-fifth Mississippi, and the Forty-fifth Alabama on their left, while Brigadier-General Polk came up with two regiments and formed them on the right.

The enemy, in the meantime, was pressing up the hill with great determination, but the heavy fire from our advantageous position rendered their ascent impossible. But as they continued to move to the right, it was necessary for our line also to move to the right and to leave a bare line of skirmishers to hold the crest of the hill on the left. When Brigadier-General Polk was severely pressed, he sent to me in great haste for assistance, when I moved the Forty-fifth Alabama Regiment in double-quick to his support, and the general said as his ammunition was nearly exhausted they were just in time to save the position. When my ammunition was nearly exhausted and I had sent for more, my men and officers gave me assurance with great enthusiasm that they would hold the position at the point of the bayonet and with clubbed muskets if the enemy dared to charge them. The position was held until I was ordered to retire from it, which was done in good order.

The whole command behaved with great gallantry and inflicted a heavy loss upon the enemy.

My loss was slight, but 4 killed and 35 wounded.

My staff officers present-Captain J. P. Walker and Lieutenant A. J. Hall-rendered me great assistance in this expeditious movement by their promptness and great gallantry.

I was deprived of the valuable services of Captain O. S. Palmer until near the close of the engagement, he being with the Sixteenth Alabama Regiment. For the performance of this regiment, please see report of Major Ashford.

Respectfully submitted.

M. P. LOWREY,

Brigadier-General.

Captain IRVING A. BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 259.

Report of Major Frederick A. Ashford, Sixteenth Alabama Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS SIXTEENTH ALABAMA REGIMENT,Tunnel Hill, Ga., December 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to report that, on the morning of the 27th ultimo at 7 o'clock, my command was detached from Lowrey's bri-

49 R R-VOL XXXI, PT II

