
[CHAP. XLIII.

gade, of which if formed a part, and was posted on an elevated point to the left of and resting on the road leading from Tunnel Hill to Ringgold, which position I was ordered to hold. The enemy advanced to the suburbs of the town (Ringgold) nearest my position, threw forward a line of skirmishers, and opened a brisk fire upon a battery which was firing upon them from them mouth of the gap. I ordered forward a company of skirmishers, which soon drove them from their position, without sustaining any loss. As soon as the engagement became general on my right, I advanced two more lines of skirmishers and moved the remainder of my command over the crest of the hill, as if intending to attack, endeavoring, if possible, to create a diversion in that direction. But the enemy failed to attack, and my command was not further engaged during the battle of the 27th ultimo.

Respectfully, &amp;c., your obedient servant,

F. A. ASHFORD,

Major, Commanding Regiment.

Captain O. S. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 260.

Report of Colonel Samuel Adams, Thirty-third Alabama Infantry, commanding Thirty-third Alabama Infantry and Gibson's battalion.
HEADQUARTERS THIRTY-THIRD ALABAMA REGIMENT,Near Tunnel Hill, Ga., December 3, 1863.

SIR: I respectfully report that in the battle of Taylor's Ridge, November 27, mine was next to the left regiment of Lowrey's brigade. On my left was Forty-fifth Alabama Regiment; on my right was Thirty-second and Forty-fifth Mississippi Regiments.

About 8.30 a.m. my regiment was formed in line of battle in the gap east of Ringgold, Ga., on the side of the hill, north of the railroad and about 40 paces from it. My orders from Brigadier-General Lowrey were to follow the movements of the regiment on my right. After remaining in this position a short time, I moved to the right, following the movements of the regiment on my right about 250 yards. After remaining in this position a short time, I moved to the right about 600 yards, following the direction of the ridge. Immediately after halting, my regiment was formed in line of battle. In my front, near the foot of the hill, 200 or 300 yards distant, the enemy had a strong line of skirmishers. A column of the enemy, about 600 yards distant, was moving forward to make an attack, inclining to my right. I advanced a line of skirmishers, about 50 yards, to engage that of the enemy. As the attacking column inclined to the right, the regiment on my right moved in that direction, and I followed its movements. When the column reached the base of the ridge, about 300 yards distant, I moved my regiment to the right until I lapped about half of the regiment on my right, as is seemed at that time that the main attack would be made at that point. The vacant space on my left I covered with a company of skirmishers. The attacking column still inclined to the right, and,

