
after advancing a short distance up the side of the ridge, broke and retired. My regiment fired but 2 or 3 rounds at the main line. My line of skirmishers, placed in advance, I have good reason to believe did much execution. My men have never gone into a fight so eagerly as they did in this. They moved with the greatest promptness to any position that they were ordered. They fired with the greatest deliberation.

I lost 2 killed and 9 wounded.

About 1 p.m. I received an order from Brigadier-General Lowrey to follow the movements of the regiment on my right and retire from the position. I had several men engaged in the fight who had marched from Missionary Ridge to that place entirely barefooted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAM. ADAMS,

Colonel, Comdg. 33rd Alabama Regiment and Gibson's Battn.

Captain O. S. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 261.

Report of Lieutenant Colonel H. D. Lampley, Forty-fifth Alabama Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS FORTY-FIFTH ALABAMA VOLUNTEERS,December 2, 1863.

SIR: On the morning of November 27, being in march with the rest of the brigade, I was halted with it just beyond the gap of Taylor's Ridge through which the railroad to Ringgold passes. After resting for an hour or more the brigade was formed in line inside the gap and on the ridge to the left, coming from Ringgold. In a little while my regiment was moved up the ridge and to the right about half a mile, and on arriving at the crest of the ridge I found a part of our brigade (Lowrey's) and Polk's hotly engaging the enemy, who were pressing toward the top of the hill. I formed as quickly as possible and moved farther to the right, where the enemy was pressing Polk's brigade, whose ammunition was nearly expended. Seeing an interval between two of General Polk's regiments, I threw my regiment into this gap (the left of my regiment a little overlapping one of General Polk's regiments), and at once engaged the enemy with my whole line. A brisk fire was kept up for some minutes, when the enemy was driven back in much disorder.

In this engagement I lost 1 killed and 8 wounded, 5 of whom so slightly that they are now on duty.

The regiment remained in line on the ridge for about an hour after the repulse of the enemy, when we were withdrawn this side of the Chickamauga and reformed in line on the first eminence this side of the stone church, where we remained until night.

Very respectfully,

H. D. LAMPLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding Regiment.

Captain O. S. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

