
[CHAP. XLIII.

Numbers 262.

Report of Colonel A. B. Hardcastle, Forty-fifth Mississippi Infantry, commanding Thirty-second and Forty-fifth Mississippi Infantry.
HEADQUARTERS 32nd AND 45TH MISSISSIPPI REGIMENTS,Tunnel Hill, Ga., December 2, 1863.

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following report of the part taken by my regiment in the battle of Taylor's Ridge on November 27:

At daylight I received an order from Brigadier-General Lowrey to move my regiment from its position on the west bank of East Chickamauga, near Ringgold, Ga., to the ford, where the men halted and prepared to wade across the river. After crossing over we halted and built fires, where we remained for one hour, then moved forward through Ringgold, Ga., and took position at the foot of Taylor's Ridge.

At about 7.30 a.m. I received an order to move by the right flank up the side of the ridge to the right. After having formed and remained in this position for a short time, I was again ordered to move farther to the right and higher up on the top of the ridge. On arriving at the top of the ridge, Brigadier-General Lowrey gave the command, "by company into line", and then, "on the tenth company deploy column, and move rapidly forward, obliquing to the right, and take position on the crest of the ridge to the front," which movements were executed rapidly, and under a hot fire of the enemy at short range, and, from the fatigue occasioned by the toilsome ascent of the steep ridge, some little confusion occurred, and the four right companies formed on the right and the remainder of the regiment on the left of the First Arkansas Regiment, which was in position on the ridge. The enemy were near gaining the top of the ridge when we arrived and drove them back in disorder and confusion, inflicting a heavy loss on the enemy.

In about three-quarters of an hour the First Arkansas Regiment moved to the right, and I then formed my left on the right wing, and reformed my regiment in good order while subject to a heavy fire from the enemy.

During this brisk engagement of three or four hours, I lost 1 man killed and 17 wounded.

The entire command, both officers and men, behaved themselves in a gallant and praiseworthy manner.

About 12 m. I received an order from Brigadier-General Lowrey to withdraw my regiment and to leave a small picket force to observe the movements of the enemy, which was done without further casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. B. HARDCASTLE,

Colonel, Commanding.

Captain O. S. PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

