
Numbers 263.

Report of Captain T. M. Steger, Fifteenth Mississippi Battalion Sharpshooters.
HEADQUARTERS SHARPSHOOTERS,Tunnel Hill, Ga., December 2, 1863.

SIR: In compliance with orders, the following report is most respectfully submitted:

Soon after skirmishing had commenced between Colonel Govan's advance and the enemy, the sharpshooters, with Thirty-second and Forty-fifth Mississippi Regiments, were moved out of the gap in Taylor's Ridge and took position on the side of the ridge to the right of the gap. They were soon again moved at a double-quick still farther to the right, and formed line on the crest of the ridge. The ridge extended about 400 yards to the right of the position held by the regiment to a point, and then broke off in a steep slope. The skirmishers who had occupied the ridge before our coming had been forced back and a few of the enemy's skirmishers had gained the crest. I took about 30 men and drove them off, and established a line of skirmishers along the crest, who engaged sharply the enemy's skirmishers on the side of the ridge. I then placed 8 or 10 men on the extreme point of the hill to the right as a vedette to report any move of the enemy. The enemy soon appeared in force, forming line and extending toward our right. The information was sent to General Lowrey by three messengers, for fear one might miscarry. Brigadier-General Polk came up with two regiments and occupied the ground, and my skirmishers were withdrawn and assembled on the right of Thirty-second and Forty-fifth Mississippi Regiments. After the repulse of the enemy's assault, 4 or 5 men were stationed to engage the enemy's skirmishers while the company built temporary works of logs. We soon moved off and left the hill.

Several of my men were slightly injured; only 1 disabled from using his gun. The enemy's skirmishers were very severely punished, as they were very much exposed in their retreat when driven off the top of the hill. At one time the enemy was so close that stones were used by some men as well as officers.

All my officers acted gallantly. Many of the men acted most nobly. More of them deserve special notice than can here be mentioned.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

T. M. STEGER,

Captain, Sharpshooters.

Captain PALMER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 264.

Report of Colonel H. B. Granbury, Seventh Texas Infantry, commanding Smith's brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SMITH'S BRIGADE,Near Tunnel Hill, Ga., December 3, 1863.

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the operations of the Texas brigade, of Major-General Cleburne's division, in the battle of Taylor's Ridge, near Ringgold, Ga., on the 27th ultimo:

About sunrise I received orders from the major-general to send the

