
enemy changed his design in this regard, much to the disappointment of Captain Kennard and his gallant men.

As at Missionary Ridge on the 25th, Captain Hearne and Lieutenant English were ever prompt in the discharge of their perilous duties, passing from point to point, as directed, under the shower of balls that continually swept the hill-side.

I refer the major-general to the report of Captain Talley for the part taken by the Seventh Texas in the engagement.

The enemy's loss in killed and wounded was very severe, their bodies being strewn from near our line to the middle of the village.

The Sixth, Tenth, and Fifteenth Regiments lost 9 wounded and 3 missing. The Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Twenty-fifth Regiments lost 5 killed, 20 wounded, 20 missing. The Seventh Texas lost 5 wounded. Total loss of the brigade, 5 killed, 34 wounded, 23 missing.

At 2 p.m. I received orders from the major-general to retire, which was done promptly and in good order, the skirmishers covering the retreat.

I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. B. GRANBURY,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

Captain IRVING A BUCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Numbers 265.

Report of Captain John R. Kennard, Tenth Texas Infantry, commanding Sixth and Tenth Texas Infantry and Fifteenth Texas (dismounted) Cavalry.
HDQRS. 6TH, 10TH, AND 15TH TEXAS VOLUNTEERS,December 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: As captain commanding the Sixth, Tenth, and Fifteenth Regiments of Texas Volunteers, I have the honor to submit this my report of the part taken by said regiments in the battle of Taylor's Ridge, near Ringgold, Ga., on November 27:

On the night of the 26th, we marched to the bank of the Chickamauga River near Ringgold. Bivouacked until about 2.30 a.m. the 27th, when we were ordered up to strip and prepare for wading the river, which was soon accomplished. After the river had been crossed the men redressed, and, the morning being very cold, were formed in line and arms stacked, and fires built to warm by.

About break of day were ordered to fall in, the commenced the march through the town of Ringgold, taking the railroad in town. After passing town 400 or 500 yards, the brigade filed to the left, marched to the edge of timber, and filed to the left again and halted when the whole had got into line along the timber at the foot of the ridge, where arms were stacked and fires built in rear. The men warmed and rested a short time, when I received an order from brigade commander to detail vedettes from each company, all in charge of a commissioned officer, to remain along the line to watch and report any movement on the part of the enemy, who was said to be not

