
[CHAP. XLIII.

Numbers 267.

Report of Major William A. Taylor, Twenty-fourth Texas (dismounted) Cavalry, commanding Seventeenth, Eighteenth, Twenty-fourth, and Twenty-fifth Texas (dismounted) Cavalry.
HDQRS. 17TH, 18TH, 24TH, AND 25TH TEXAS REGIMENTS.,Camp near Tunnel Hill, Ga., December 2, 1863.

CAPTAIN: About 4 a.m. on November 26, orders to retreat from Chickamauga were given, and the line of march was taken up for the rear and continued to Ringgold; encamped near the ford west of the town.

Early on the morning of the 27th, a line of battle was formed a short distance east of the fronting the town of Ringgold. Company K, Captain Manion, was thrown forward as skirmishers, with orders to conceal themselves, and not to fire until the enemy were very near to them.

About 9 a.m. the enemy advanced a heavy line of skirmishers. When within about 20 yards of my line of skirmishers, and on the right of the regiment, they were fired upon and the engagement commenced, our fire slightly checking their advance. The enemy, heavily re-enforced, advanced steadily and with the intention of flanking my right. Informing Colonel Granbury, commanding brigade, of this fact, I immediately withdrew Company K, Captain Manion, from the front, and ordered First Lieutenant Basye, Company E, to take his position; ordered Captain Manion to deploy his company a little in advance and at right angles with the regiment, and ordered Captain Speir, Company B, to support him. The enemy being close upon my flank, rapid soon commenced, which told with terrible effect upon the enemy, owing to the coolness and the accuracy of the aim and the bravery of the men. Seeing the enemy again heavily re-enforcing, I ordered Captain Marsh, Company I, to deploy his company, take command of the skirmishers, to advance, and drive the enemy back, which he did, charging them with a shout and drive the enemy back, which he did, charging them with a shout in gallant style, routing the enemy and driving them back in confusion, killing quite a number, capturing a stand of colors (Twenty-ninth Missouri), and between 60 and 100 prisoners, among them a number of officers.

I would call attention to the gallantry of Captains Marsh, Manion, and First Lieutenant Basye, of Companies I, K, and E. In this engagement, as at Missionary Ridge, with but few exceptions, the men and officers behaved as men and soldiers should fighting for their homes and country.

The enemy making no farther advance, about 2 p.m. orders to retreat were given, which was done in good order.

Your attention is respectfully called to list* of casualties, marked B, accompanying this report.

W. A. TAYLOR,

Major, Comdg. 17th, 18th, 24th, and 25th Texas Regiments.

Captain J. T. HEARNE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

