
[CHAP. XLIII.

PENNSYLVANIA.

Major Peter A. McAloon, 27th Infantry.

Lieutenant Peter Kaylor, 28th Infantry.

Captain Charles S. Davis, 147th Infantry.

UNITED STATES ARMY.

Lieutenant Peter J. Coenzler, 16th Infantry.

WISCONSIN.

Captain Howard Greene, 24th Infantry.

Lieutenant Robert J. Chivas, 24th Infantry.

Numbers 9.

Reports of Major General George H. Thomas, U. S. Army, commanding Army of the Cumberland, including operations October 31-December 31, and field dispatches, etc., November 22-29.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 24, 1863-12 m.

(Received 3.45 a.m., 25th.)

Yesterday at 12.30 o'clock Granger's and Palmer's corps, supported by Howard's, were advanced directly in front of our fortifications, drove in the enemy's pickets, and carried his first line of rifle-pits, between Chattanooga and Citico Creeks. We captured 9 commissioned officers and about 160 enlisted men. Our loss about 111. To-day Hooker, in command of Geary's division, Twelfth Corps, Osterhaus' division, Fifteenth Corps, and two brigades, Fourth Corps, carried the north slope of Lookout Mountain, with small loss on our side, and a loss to the enemy of 500 or 600 prisoners. Killed and wounded not reported. There has been continuous infantry fighting from 12 o'clock until after night, but our troops gallantly repulsed every attempt to retake the position. Sherman crossed the Tennessee before daylight this morning, at the mouth of South Chickamauga, with three divisions of the Fifteenth Corps and one division of the Fourteenth Corps, and carried the northern extremity of Missionary Ridge. General Grant has ordered a general advance in the morning. Our success so far has been complete, and the behavior of the troops admirable.

GEO. H. THOMAS,

Major-General.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

General-in-Chief.

CHATTANOOGA, Tennessee, November 25, 1863-12 p.m.

(Received 3.15. a.m., 26th.)

The operations of to-day have been more successful than yesterday, having carried Missionary Ridge, from near Rossville to the railroad tunnel, with a comparatively small loss on our side, capturing about forty pieces of artillery a large quantity of small-arms, camp and garrison equipage, besides the arms in the hands of the prisoners. We captured 2,000 prisoners, of whom 200 were officers, of all grades, from colonels down. Will pursue the enemy in the morning. The

