THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. HIVES, WASHINGTON, JD. C.
Thirty-Sixtii Congress, 1&t Session.
TUESDAY, JUNE 12, 18G0.
New Series.....No. 178.
Now, sir, the two things differ in this way: the
other was, critically speaking, a private claim;
but it was an obligation which the Government
had bound itself to carry out; and the appropri-
ation is made to carry it out. That is true in
relation to all the provisions of this bill, where
you pay salaries or where you carry out existing
laws. The money goes into the pockets of spe-
cific individuals, office holders, or contractors.
You might just as well say th« y are all private
clauses, arid are objectionable. But this is an
amendment to carry out an express provision of
the treaty of Washington, and this Senate has
twice voted unanimously, without a solitary ob-
jection, to pass a bill to provide for this very"class
of cases. It is a very hard case. It is a case for
which the parties are suffering daily, houily, and
I hope the Senate will be willing to put it upon
this bill, because it is based upon treaty stipula-
tions. Your treaty provided in just so many
words that the settlers upon those lands should
hare their titles quieted to them. The supreme
court of Maine have decided that the treaty has
taken the lands away froiu them. The Supreme
Court of the United States have decided precisely
that, and they arc without any title. There is n
guarantee of the General Government in the treaty
that they shall have their titles quieted. This
Senate sent its own agent down to the very
ground for the purpose of examining and taking
evidence, and he came back here and made his
report. You, Mr. President, [Mr. Iverson in
the chair,] understand all about this bill from
first to last. 1 think you originated the measure
to send our agent there for the purpose of mves- \ \
tigating this matter. He came back and reported P
to the Senate,and the Senate have twice approved i i
it. Now, sir, I say this amendment is to carry 'j
out treaty stipulations, and I hope it will be done, i<
Mr. BRAGG. Mr. President, I am somewhat j;
familiar with this subject, having looked into the ;j
papers; but if it is discussed, I feel very little in-
clined to go into it to-night. I regard it as entirely
a private claim; and the amendmcntreported now
by the Senator from Rhode Island, 1 will inform
Senators, is nothing more than a private bill
which passed this body, and went to the House of
Representatives. There the matter was investi-
gated, and two reports made, a majority and a
minority report—four members in the minority.
When this matter was before the Committee on
Claims before, the Senator from Maine has said, j
there was no opposition to it here. I had not an j
opportunity of examining it fully, and I confess !
that the matter passed through, as large as it was, i
(for it proposes to appropriate some fifty-seven ;
thousand dollars,) without objection on my part. I
was rather disposed to waive it. I had some ob-
jection to it, but I was induced to waive it by other
gentlemen on the committee insisting that it was
all right. Subsequent investigation has satisfied
me that it is not light. I do not agree with the |
Senator from Maine that these claims are within I
the treaty, and that this Government is bound to !
pay them. I think they should look for their re- !
dress to the States of Maine and Massachusetts, •
who have received money for those land—§300,000 1
—under the treaty. But I am^iot disposed to go I
into that matter now. I can go into itat the proper j
time, or now, if it is insisted on. j
I will say further, that upwards of $40,000 of j
this claim has no moie to do with the treaty com- j
monly called the Ashburton treaty, or the treaty ;
of Washington, than I have to do with it. It was !
for timber cut off the land long before that treaty j
was made, and which they are seeking now to .
get out^of the Government of the United States, j
It was for timber cut off the land upon two grants, !
one called the Eaton and the other the Plymouth !
grant, mide by Massachusetts, which was cut j
off as eaily as 1832, and from that time up to j
1538, during the time this dispute was going on, '
long before .the treaty was made; and there is
nothing in the treaty providing for the payment I
of those damages. I say 040,000 of the claim is
for ;hat damage what is called the stqmpagc of
those lands. It is purely of a private character,
178
The parties came here. Here is their bill, No.
191. It went before the Committee on Claims.
The committee reported it; the Senate passed it.
It went to the House, and they have got into a
difficulty there, and now they seek to tack it on
an appropriation bill. Now, if this point of order,
which I think ought to be sustained, should be
overruled, and the matter should conie before the
Senate, I should have something to say about it,
if Senators desire to hear anything about h; but
I think wc had better adjourn. I therefore move
that the Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 11, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE*.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Pattest, one of their Clerks, informing the
House that the Senate had passed the Army
appropriation bill, with sundry amendments, in
which he was directed to ask the concurrence of
the House.
Also, that the Senate had ordered the printing
of divers documents.
Also, that the President had notified the Senate
that he had approved and signed sundry bills
oiiginating in that body.
READING OF TIIE JOURNAL.
The Journal of Saturday was then read and
approved.
APPOINTMENTS ON COMMITTEES.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Blair, of Mis-
souri, a member of the Committee on Public
Lands, in place ofMr. Barret.
The SPEAKER also appointed Messrs. Grow,
Reagan, and Wasiiburne of Illinois, a commit-
tee of conference on the part of die House, on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amend-
ments of the Senate to the Post Ofiice deficiency
appropriation bill.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H.
R. No. 523) extending the charter incorporating
the German Benevolent Society of Washington
city, in the District of Columbia, approved July j
27, 1842: when the Speaker signed the same. !
REPORT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION. |
The SPEAKER laid before the House the an-
nual report on the operations, expenditures, and
condition of the Smithsonian Institution for the
year 1859; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. STANTON submitted the following reso-
lution; which was referred, under the rule, to the
Committee on Printing.
Resolved, That theio be printed five thousand extra copies
of theiepoitot tiie Smithsonian Institution foi i&>3; three
thousand for the use of tho House, and two thousand for
the use of said Institution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
BENJAMIN SAYRE.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the motion submitted, on Monday
lust, by Mr. Pettit, to suspend the rules for the
purpose of discharging the Committee of the
Whole House from the further consideration of
a bill (II. R. No. 499) for the relief of Benjamin
Sayre.
The question was taken, and the rules were
suspended, (two thirds voting m favor thereof.)
Air. I'ETTIT. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oidered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed, and
r^ead a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed*
Mr. PETTIT moved to reconsider the vot&fcy
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
OIUXER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. For t^ie purpose of facili-
tating business during this week, I offer for adop-
tion the following resolution:
Resolved, That for the present week, during the hour
immediately succeeding the reading of the Journal it shall
not be in order to call up a motion to reconsider, or to co.-
tertatn a motion to suspend the rules, cjteepi with refer-
ence to a general appropriation bill; and it shall bethe
regular order of business during the said hoi|r for th^r
Speaker to continue the regular call of committees for
reports until completed, after which, and during said morn-
ing hour, the committees shall be -called for report* for
commitment and printing only, and without debate.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to that
resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is it in order to
move a suspension of the rules during the morn-
ing hour on Mondav;
! The SPEAKER..' The Chair thinlts it is.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Is it not precluded,
under the new rule?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not. Tha
rule permitting motions to suspend the rules with-
in the last tpn days of the session, the Chair
thinks, covers the right.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope there will be no ob-
jection, provided we are allowed to have ten ar
fifteen minutes, to ascertain precisely what will
be the effect of the resolution. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. The resolution, it seems to
me, is so plain that 110 discussion can be necessary
in order to understand it. It is simply to allow
the regular call of committees to go on during the
morning hour without being subject to interrup-
tions by mm ions to suspend the rules.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The effect will ba
to defeat the necessary business of the House, so
near tho close of the session.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope I shall be permitted
to ask a single question of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the rules be first sus-
pended, and then I will answer any question the
gentleman may have to ask.
The question was taken; and the rules were
suspended, (two thirds having voted therefor,) and
the resolution introduced for consideration.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will now answer any ques-
tion the gentleman may have to ask.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 desire to make an inquiry
of the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means. It appears to me that we have as much
business cut out as it is possible to act upon in
the only remaining week we have left of the pres-
ent session; and I see no object gentlemen can
attain by the adoption of this resolution, except
that it may enable the committee on the Pacific
railroad to bring that subject again before the
House. Now, I ask gentlemen if they are will-
ing, after this subject has once been before the.
House, and has been elaborately discussed, and
after they have had a fair chance, whether they
are willing that the last week of the session shall
be taken up with this matter again. I presume
every gentleman will concur with me in the opin-
ion that we have as much business before us as
we can dispose of; and I hope the resolution will
be voted down.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the gentleman
from North Carolina that this resolution is not
introduced for the purpose of covering the Pacific
railroad subject specially, or any other subject
specially. But, sir, there are several of the stand-
ing committees of the House that have not been
reached in the regular call of the committees at
all during the present session. The object of this
resolution is to give those committees which have
not been called an opportunity of making their
reports. The resolution gives the appropriation
bills preference, so that they can be disposed of
before the last night of the session. If gentlemen
