2834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
" June 11.
J
"will go into committee to-day, and will sit here
until ten or eleven o'clock, aftera reasonable re-
cess, 1 think we can dispose of every one of them
to-night. Then, after the morning hour, it will be
in order to suspend theiules, as usual, within the
last ten days of the session. I call for the pre-
vious question on the resolution.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether the select committee
on the Pacific railroad will not be reached in this
call?
Mr. SHERMAN. I presume- so; I understand
it has not been called during the present session.
Mr. BRANCH. I ask the gentleman how the
appropriation bills will have priority under that
resolution any more than they have now?
Mr. SHERMAN. For the reason that now
the member who has charge of the appropriation
bills has to struggle for the floor in opposition to
fifty or a hundred gentlemen who are struggling
for the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman knows very
well that the Committee of Ways and Means are
entitled to the floor, by common practice, whenever
they desire. There is certainly nothing in this
point which the gentleman makes.
Mr.STANTON, i think the committees ought
to be called once duringthesession,andlhopc the
resolution will be adopted.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 move to lay the resolution
on {he table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The resolution was adopted.
Mi\ SHERMAN moved to reconsider the mo-
tion by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the execution
of the order of the House.
CALIFORNIA PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. SCOTT. I desire to ask the House to
allow me to have a Senate bill taken up and re-
ferred to a committee. It is Senate bill No. 168,
to amend an act entitled "An act to settle private
land claims in the State of California," approved
March 3, 1851. I ask that the bill be taken up
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill will be considered as read a first and second
time, and so referred.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. SCOTT. I hope the gcntlunum will not
object.
Mr. LARRABEE. The hill ought to go to the
Committee on the Judiciary, if it is referred at all.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
PATENT RIGHTS.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Patents to report back Senate bill No.
18, in addition to " An act to promote the progress
of the useful arts/' with an amendment. If it be
in order under the order of the House just made,
I ask that the bill be now put on its passage.
Mr. SHERMAN. This is the first call of com-
mittees for reports, and I think that it is in order
to put the bill on its passage. But is it the desire
of the gentleman from Indiana to now put so im-
portant a bill on its passage?
Mr. NIBLACK. It is very important that the
bill should now be put on its passage. If the
House will indulge me, I will make a brief state-
JVJr. SHERMAN. Under the first call, I sup-
pose that bills can be put on their passage.
Mr. NIBLACK. The bill, Mr. Speaker, was
matured i/i the Senate iyith great care. There
were frequent consultations with the Commis-
sioner of Patens, and the subordinate officers in
the i utent Office, It passed that -body unani-
mously, and came i-<? t}w House^d was ,
| referred to the Committee oifPutents horo. That (
! committee have examined the bill, and after con- !
; sultation with the officers of theGovernment,who S
| understand this matter, have agreed to report the 1
| bill back with an amendment Theie is a sur- !
plus in the Patent fund of $100,000, none of which, ■,
however, can be used under the provisions of the j
existing law. This bill will enable any portion of I
the surplus fund to be used by the Commissioner j
of Patents for the employment of any additional '
force that may be necessary. I have been ap-
pealed to by the Commissioner to report this bill
at an early day and to press it to an early pas-
sage.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. The bill cer-
tainly ought to pass.
The. Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
Insert before the eleventh section, as follows :
Jlnd he it fuilkc} enacted, Thatan} citizen oi citizen®, or
alien, orother-. having n-sidcd one j cut in the United ritates,
ami taken his oath of Jus oi then intention to become a cit-
izen, oi citizens, who, by his Inn. or then own indu-diy,
geniuscflort,and expense,may have invented or ptoduecd
any new and otiguial design for a manuau tine, whether ot
metal oi other material; ot any new ot ordinal design lor
the pi intingot woolen,mIU, cotton, o; other lalnies ; or any
new and ougnwtl Ue:>i n lor a bm>t, xtatue, or has relief, or
manufacture m alto oi bas«o relievo; or ur>y new and ou-
gwal impression oi ornament, or to be plaeed on any article
oi manulacture, the same being iomied in maible oi other
matuia!; oi any new and useiui pattern, or punt, or pic-
ture, to be either woiked into oi woiked on, oi printed, oi
painted, or cast, or otherwise iited on an) as tide of manu-
lacturc; or any new and miqinal ^hape oi ronfniuiMtion ot
any article oi manufacture not known or n^-d by others bo
loie his hoi. or their invention or production thercol, mid
ptiorto the time ol his, her. oi then application lor a patent
theicfor; and who shall deMie to obtain <n. oxchi-iw patent
or light the tein, to make, use, and -of! the f June, or copies ot
the same, to other-, by them to bo mad-', u-ed, and hold,
may make application, in v\ ntiiiif, to the Commiri-iom't oi
Patent--, expressing i-tu h deMie ; ai.d the Commit-sion"), on
due proceedings had, may grant a p uent Ih.-ielor, as in the
case now of application lor a patent, toi the tdm ol three
and one half) eais, or l'oi the leiui ol m von ) earo, oi lot the
teimot iouitocu > eais, a- the «ai<j applicant may cieet in Ins
application : Provided, That the lee to b>> paid m such ap-
plication shall be, tor the teim ofthtee )eais> and six months,
ten dollais , for >evea \eai\s, titteon dollai,; una lot louiteen
yeais tlmiy dollats: provided* That the patentees of
deigns under this act shall he entitled to the extension of
their respective patents lot the term of-seven \eai.shorn the
day on which said patent^ shall e.\pne, upon th- <ame ton is
and lestrietiom; as are provided for the extension ui letters 1
patent.
Sttike out from the tenth scction the woids "on every
application loi a patent for a di^i^n, (i I teen dollars.''
Mr. COLFAX. Let me ask my colleague a
question in regard to this matter. Uy the present
patent law an applicant for a patent pays thirty
dollars; and if the application is rejected, twenty
dollars is returned. I have not read this bill; but
I understand that it provides that none of the ap-
plication money shall be returned m ease of re-
jected patents. I think that is very hard. Tun
dollais has always heretofore been found suffi-
cient to pay for the examination of applications.
If it be not enough, let it be increased to fifteen
dollars. That would be half of the money paid
in on application for a patent. To take and to
keep the whole of the money in rejected cases,
when the usage has been to return two thiids,
would, I think, tend to interfere with the progress
of inventions in our country; which, from our
present preeminence in such matters among the
nations of the earth, would be unfortunate, and
certainly to be icgretted.
Mr. NIBLACK. A memorial was referred to
the Committee on Patents praying a change of
existing laws in reference to designs. It insisted
that patents for designs of wall paper, and such
like things, which are only temporary in their
character, ought to be issued for a shorter period
of time than they are now issued for; and that
patents for designs for stoves and iron works, and
other iron work, ought to be issued for a longer
period than seven years. The eommittee con-
sulted with the Commissioner of Patents, and they
adopted the amendment which has just been read.
It provides that, at the option of the person ap-
plying for a patent for a design, the patent shall
issue for three and a half, seven, or fourteen years.
The importance of the discoveiy will determine
the time for which a patent shall issue. We think
that it is a just provision, and that it ought to be
passed into law. Some of the iron-masters wish
to take out patents for fourteen years upon some
of their ornamental iron work. This bill allows
them the privilege of doing so by paying a fee of I
thirty dollars. That will protect that wort of woik
more effectually than a grant for seven years would.
They would rather pay the difference to get the
additional protection. I think that there can be
no objection to the amendment, and I hope that
it will be adopted.
I will reply to what my colleague has referred
to. The bill provides for a fee of ten dollars on
the filing of the caveat, and then twenty dollars
on the decision of the application. If the patent
be refused, the whole thirty dollars will remain
in theTreasury. The House, committee have con-
curred in that provision, after examination and
consultation with the officers of the Patent Office.
The provisions of the bill, as they will stand,
with the amendments recommended by the com-
mittee, are satisfactory to inventors generally.
The policy of the Government is to make the
Patent Office a self-sustaining branch of the Gov-
ernment. Under the existing law, which allows
money which is deposited by applicants to be
withdrawn where the patent asked for is refused,
the Department suffers in terminable confusion and
! difficulty. In some cases such monev hay never
j been applied for by the appltcant, and it still re-
i mains in the Treasury, subject to the order of the
i applicant or luy attorney. In other cases the ap-
| plication has been made very many years after
j the money is paid in, and in such cases difficulty
j often arises as to the person to whom the money
| is to be paid, as to the identity of the individual,
J as to the proper vouchers and powei of attorney
| to authorize the money to be drawn, and many
other things of that kind. Again, there are cases
I in which the receipt has been lost, and the appli-
j cant is unable to make the kind of proof which is
i necessary to show his right to the balance of the
I money which he claims should be refunded to
j Inm, These things are t\ continual source of
l trouble and embarrassment to the Patent Office;
j and the committee were clearly of opinion that
j the good of the office required that whatever pay-
ment is required to be paid, shall be paid in un-
conditionally. And there is the further good
ground for that opinion, in the fact that it is just
as much trouble and labor to examine an appli-
cation where it is rejected, as it is where it is
gianird.
Mr. MALLORY". I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Indianaif this bill provides that where
an application for a patent is made,and the money
paid in according to the regulations of the office,
and the application is rejected, no money shall be
returned to the applicant?
Mr. NIBLACK. The bill provides that all the
money paid in shall be retained by the office.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state to the House how that provision
operates against the progress of invention. Under
the present system the applicant for a patent gen-
erally pays thirty dollars to an agent to get his
application through the office, and thirty dollars
more as_ a fee to the office, which makes sixty
dollars in all. Yet he does not risk all of that
sixty dollars in making an application for a patent,
because if he fails in his application, he receives
from the Patent Office a return of twenty dollars,
so that his risk is only forty dollars, even if his
agent charges him full price. Cases may frequent-
ly occur where an inventor might be willing to
risk this latter sum where he would not be willing
to risk the former. I think the Senate bill is too
stringent upon that point. The gentleman says
the Patent Office should bo self-sustaining. In
that I agree withhim, and I am willing that the
office should retain one half of the fee, and return
the other half, which would be fifteen dollars to
the office, and fifteen to the inventor. I think the
department is now about self-sustaining; and I
do not think it right that the office should, in the
case of ^ the rejection of an application, retain the
whole lee of the applicants, who are vei y numer-
ous, are scattered all over the country, and are
general]y poor m>-n.
Mr. NIBLACK. I ask fi rst to have a vote of
the House upon the amendment proposed by the
committee, and then upon the bill as amended.
Mi, BARKSDALE. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman trom Indiana whether this bill has been
recommended by the Department5
Mr. JNlRLACil. i will say to the gentleman
that the bill has been prepared upon consultation
with the Commissioner of Patents, and that the
committee have availed themselves of every light
within their reach.
Mr. COLFAX. From what I have heard of it?
I think it is a very good bill with the exception
