1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. YANDEYER. I ask the gentleman from
Alabama to withdraw that motion for a moment,
in order that I may introduce a bill to grant alter-
nate sections of the public lands to aid in the con-
struction of railroads in the Territory of Kansas.
Mr. HOUSTON. No; 1 object to that.
The question was taken on Mr. Houston's
motion; and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union (Mr. Curtis m
the chair) and resumed the consideration of the
bill (H, R. No. 338) to provide for the payment
of outstandingTreasury notes, to authorize a loan,
to regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for
other purposes, on which Mr. English was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. ENGLISH. It was niy intention to have
addressed the committee this morning; but my
colleague [Mr. Wilson] has made a personal ap-
peal to me, stating that he desires to leave the city
to-day at three o'clock. I will,therefore, giveway
to him with the understanding that I shall have
the floor to-morrow morning.
The CHAIRMAN. If there be no objection,
that course will be taken.
There was no objection.
Mr. WILSON addressed the committee for an
hour on the political questions of the day. [His
speech will bo published m the Appendix.]
Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Chairman, in making some
remarks which it is my purpose to submit to the
committee, I desire to allude to a matter to some
extent personal to myself. I regret to occupy the
time of the committee with that which is of no
general interest, but I deem it a duty which I owe
to my constituents and to myself, however un-
pleasant and unprofitable it may be, to refer to
some of the incidents of the late contest for Speaker
of this House, and particularly to my own course
during that contest, when the honorable gentle-
man from North Carolina [Mr. Smith] was a can-
didate for that position. I consider it thus my
duty to allude to this subject, and to give my rea-
sons for withholding my support from that gen-
tleman, because by doing so I incurred the cen-
sure of a portion of n\y party, and was harshly
spoken of by a portion of the Democratic pi ess
of my State, but not by any of the public* journals
of my district, as I take pleasure m stating. Hav-
ing been thus censured, I may expect, in a certain
contingency, to be the subject of similar strictures
hereafter, when it will not he within my power to
place the facts which governed my action in that
instance upon the recoid of the proceedings of tins
House. I desire, therefore, to give my reasuns
for my course in such a manner that those who
may be disposed to take exceptions to it, and to
controvert any of the statements I may make,
may have the privilege of doing so befon: wo ad-
journ. I further decile to make this explanation
because, upon another occasion, I was prevented
from even alluding to this subject, by objections
from various members, when the same privilege
had just been extended to two other gentlemen
upon this floor.
It is needless to say, Mr. Chairman, that my
objections to voting for the honorable gentleman
from North Carolina were based upon nothing
personal, for I have observed m him, at all times,
the demeanor of a courteous gentleman. Neither
were my objections founded upon the fact that
the gentleman was at one time a member of that
proud old national Whig party, for it has boon
my pleasure, time and again, to give my support
to candidates for various important positions,
who, in the days of Henry Clay and Daniel Web-
ster, weie the devoted followeis of those noble
patriots and magnanimous statesmen; and I am
proud ol the fact that there are in the ranks of
the Democratic party hundreds of national, Union-
loving men, who were ardently attached to the
principles, and devoted to the success of the Whig
party while it had an organization.
But there is a vastdifierence between that class
of Whigs who, upon the dissolution of their own
organs lion, were willing to lay aside their party
feelings ttnd prejudice, and unite with the Demo-
cratic party m resisting sectionalism and fanati-
cism, and that other class, who, up.o?i the disso-
lution of their party, immediately united with the
negt J^ost formidable opposition they could find
to the Democracy, and who, from that time to :
the present, have been found willing to unite with !
any organization, and assume any name, for the i
purpose of defeating, and, if possible, of destroy- ;
ing the great national Democratic party. The I
first class, notwithstanding their former posi- I
tion,I recognize as national Democrats; the other ;
class I recognize as the opponents of Democ-
racy; and no Democrat has a right to call my ac-
tion in question for refusing to support gentle-
men of this class, whether they hail from the
North or South. If I am to support gentlemen
outside of the Democratic organization, I claim
the right to make my own selection as to whom
that support shall be given, and, if that support
must be given to an opponent of my party, f
would certainly as soon cast it for one from my
| own section, as for one from a distant portion of
the Confederacy, especially when the views of
the latter arc, if possible,more antagonistic to my
own than those entertained by the former.
With this last class of Whigs which I have
named, with all respect, I might reckon the name
of the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] who is the leader of the Republican
side of this House. That gentleman, I believe,
was formerly a Whig; but, when the Whig party
disbanded, he united with the People's party, as
it was called, afterwards the American-Repub-
lican party, and finally simply the Republican
party. In some parts of Ohio, as well as in some
other States, it has been styled the Opposition
party, which signified that its organization was
based simply on its hostility to the Democratic
organization. This is the northern Opposition
party. The party with which the distinguished
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Smith] has
been mostly identified here is styled the southern
Opposition party. And at this point 1 will read
the platform which, as I am informed, was adopted
by the convention which nominated that gentle-
man, when last a candidate for the place he now
holds; which platform is a sort of general indict-
ment against the whole Democratic party. It is
in these words:
u Resolved, TImt the coriuption, ftauds, extiavagances,
tyrannical probcupuon, and mal-admiuMiatiou ol the af-
fair- of the General Government by the paity now in power,
have been bo enoimous and glaring, and entnely unjust-
mahje and abominable, ay to call upon all good met) and
p.itnoL-1 of the lii con«i clonal di^uct of North Caiphna
and eveiywheie to mute together and use all proper dibits
to expel them hom power,and to puinitiien place-; hone-it
and beuer men.'5
Upon that platform I understand Mr. Smith
was elected over a regular nominee of the Dem-
ocratic paity of his distiict—Hon. Mr. Shaw,
who f'oj meily repiesented the same district in this
House.
I am further informed, from the same reliable
source, that Mr. Smith, in his canvass in 1857,
while lie disclaimed ever having joined the Know
Nothing party, yet defended that party and ad-
vocated its principles.
And here permit me to read some resolutions
of the platfoim upon which the honorable gentle-
man was a candidate before the people of his dis-
trict in }8j7:
Resolved, That we have miimpaned confidence in the
correctness of the pnneiples ot the .hufrican and Whig
partem, and a full appieciation of the n^ce-sity of introduc-
ing them into the ariimnistiatton ot the Government, for the
pu.piwjot piotectmg our liberties and the institutions of
the country tiom the dangers of an insidious forerun influ-
ence, which N seekuui to"corrupt and fiaallj de>tioythem
" Uccotrcd, That we heartily approve and hail with piea^-
me the union of the Amenean and Whin parties, bound
togcthei by the common tie.-5 of patriotism, by a distinguish-
ing conservation ot views and feeling-, and by opposition
to evciy >pecics oi eouupUun and double ucaljjjg m the
adunui-tiation of the Allans nt Gm eminent.
Rcso/r<v\ That the question of blaveiv in the Teinto-
rie.< ought to be settled by the vote ot the citizen* of the :
United  -'tnte> permanently lc-idinsr therein, at the time they
foim their confutations, piep;uato:> to then admission into
the I'mon a> a State; and that^itfueh elections, none but
eiti/ens should be allowed the mrhtol sufuago.55
Tlie resolutions which I have icad, while in
some respects vague, aie significant as to the
feeling of the party which adopted them on the
"American question," as it is called. Not only
is the Whig party indorsed—to which I take no
exceptions- -but the American party is also in-
dorsed m express terms, and the necessity of
introducing its principles into the administration
of the Government is urged m like express and
emphatic language; and this, too, on the stale
declaration of the Know Nothing party every-
where, that this necessity exists for the purpose
of" protecting our liberties and the institutions of
the country from the dangers of an insidious for-
eign influence, which is seeking to corrupt and
finally destroy them." Such was the platform of
the convention which nominated Mr. Smith, in
1857, which, so far from denouncing " Know-
No thingism,''as it is called, positively indorsed it.
Gentlemen residing in the South are entitled
to no credit from me as a Democrat for not being
Republicans. The Republican party does notexist
in the southern States. Many gentlemen who
belong to this Opposition party in the South
would, if residing in the North, in my opinion,
be members of the Republican party. And m like
manner, a majority of the members of the Repub-
lican party, if they lived in the South, would be
found in the ranks of the southern Opposition,
as the most formidable adversary to-the Demo-
cratic party.
1 am brought to that conclusion more firmly
from my observations of the common sympathy
and common interest that I see manifested by these
two Opposition paities upon this floor. While
they cannot, from the diversity of feelingcxisting
among the people of the South and those of the
North, unite on the policy which they will pursue,
yet they can unite m framing that policy with a
view to the most effective opposition to the Demo-
cratic party of their respective sections. Repub-
licans at the North brand the northern Democracy
as " doughfaces" and " traitors to their own sec-
tion," because they are opposed to the interven-
tion of Congress for the exclusion of slavery in
the Territories, and bccause they are willing the
people of the Territories should regulate the in-
stitution of slavery for themselves; and nothing
is more common than for northern Democrats to
be reproached by Republicans with affiliating with
those of the South entertaining ultra pro-slavery
views—the Republican party claiming to be the
only party that is true to the interests of the north-
ern people.
In like manner, the southern Opposition accuse
southern Democrats of a want of fidelity to the
South, because they belong to a party in which
the doctrine of non-intervention is promulged by
a large mass; and southern Democrats are re-
proached by this party for holding fellowship with
those who adhere to that 44 heresy," as they arc
pleased to call it, of popular sovereignty, which
they mke great pleasure here in denouncing, as
being, if possible, more unfriendly to the institu-
tion of slavery than the doctrine of the Repub-
lican party. Every member of the southern
Opposition who has given any opinion here on the
subject of a " slave code," as it is called, or the
protection of slave property by Congress in the
Territories, has imariably expressed himself in
favor of such protection; and during the contest
for Speaker, to which I have referred, somemem-
beis of that party went so far as to declare they
would support no gr ntleman who did not sub-
scribe to this policy. I am informed that some
members of the party, when candidates before the
people, made this question of protection a prom-
inent measure in their canvass.
Thus it is apparent to my mind that there can
be no affiliation between conservative Democrats
and southern Oppositionists; but that theie is a
natural affinity between the latter and the Repub-
lican party. The one advocates intervention by
Congress for the exclusion of slavery from the
Territories; the other, for the purpose of protect-
ing it. The one claims that the doctrine of pop-
ular sovereignty is designed to spread slavery over
free territory everywhere; the other, that pop-
ular sovereignty is more unfriendly to slavery
than Abolitionism itself, and that its tendency is
to destroy southern institutions. From the Re-
publican view of this subject, however, there are
exceptions; among which is my distinguished
colleague, Governor Corwin, who, in a speech
delivered before the organization of the House,
warned gentlemen of the South not to trust north-
ern people to make laws of their own in the Ter-
ritories for the exclusion or protection of slavery,
for that the North would always beat the South
if the question was settled in this way. I give
his language:
"As to this question of territorial legislation,touching
slavery m the Temtorie*, let gentlemen pause upon that,
and consider befoie they iush to conclusions, i tell
tlenifn of the South—and the day will come when they
vnii remember my advice-—not to trust noithern people to
make laws of their own in the Territories foi the exclusion
