946
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
to 'hirtt to allow it to pass, and then if, after exam-"
ination, he shall conclude to wove a reconsidera-
tion to-morrow, I will join with him in having it
reconsidered.
Mr. DAVIS; The Senator from Kentucky, I
think, states the case with greatdeamess and ex-
actness. I had occasion to look somewhat into
th?se disbursements. The whole difficulty arose
from the fact of one appropriation having been
made for the boats, and another appropriation for
the clearing out of the rivers, ana they drew on
the appropriation for clearing out the rivers for
the construction of boats; and therefore it was
found that there was a small balance, as I recol-
lect, of the appropriation for clearing out the rivers
that was mixed in with the appropriation for con-
structing the boats; and it is in such confusion
that, without some legislation, the accounts can-
not be settled. Then there is the fact the Senator
from Alabama speaks of—the want of authority
to draw from the appropriation for clearing out
the rivers for the construction of boats, which, as
my mem'ory serves me, rendered it quite impos-
sible for the accounting officers to settle these ac-
counts under the existing law.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If it be true
that there are confusions in these accounts, with
whom did those confusions originate ? I do not
know. It is said that money was taken from the
regular appropriations that were made for clean-
ing out the rivers, to be used for the construction
of boats. This, as I question not, is one great
source of confusion and difficulty in settling the
accounts. In doing so, I have every reason to
believe that they went unequally and unfairly to
work against the appropriations that were .set
apart for specific rivers, in favor of the appropri-
ations for the lakes or for other rivers, and it op-
erated hard on the river upon which I reside, and
the people living upon which 1 represent here. I
refer to this as one of the instances of injustice
for which 1 think the superintendent of these in-
ternal improvements, Colonel Long, or whoever
had charge of this, is responsible; or, if he is not,
it may be the accounting officer.
Mr. DAVIS. He was"not continuously super-
intendent, and I think the greater portion of the
irregularities occurred when he was not.
Mr. JOHNSON- of Arkansas. Then it falls
also on the other. Thus it is that officers who
are appointed here under the Executive to dis-
burse moneys appropriated by law, go forward
absolutely to abandon the terms of the law; and
we must come in afterwards and pass a special
act to enable them to settle their accounts; and
that, too, after they have perpetiated severe in-
justice upon some sections and people. I do not
like it; I feel disposed to oppose it; and if it were
possible, I would be for fixing the responsibility
for the acts which were committed, and which
threw those accounts into confusion, upon the
parties really guilty.
I presume that this resolution will lie passed,
whether I oppose it or not; because I can offer no
strong hope that I shall be able to expose the par-
ties here in such a way as to do any ultimate good;
but I will call the attention of this body, that it
may go before the public, to the fact that the sub-
ordinates under these superintendents went to the
western rivers, particularly to the river I spoke of;
they anchored their vessel at the mouth of the
river; and there they spent weeks at a time, and
adjourned off and wont down to a party at Natch-
ez; came back again, and went off to Memphis
on another frolic; turned around then, and ran
up the Arkansas river forty or fifty miles, took a
snag, and tried for a little while to remove it. In
a short time they would run down again to the
mouth of the river, and there lay up "until they
would have a chance to buy more supplies; and
so they would goon. No service was done to the
river; none could be expected from the class and
character of men who were put in charge of the
improvement. The men were not those who lived
on the river; and it was against the protest of the
representatives of that State here that that class
of men were put in charge of the work; and the
superintendent ought to have expelled and turned
them off. This is the first opportunity I have
seen coming up, when I could advert to it with
propriety before this body. It was in this way
that the money was wasted; and it was by irre-
sponsible and unauthorized action that the ac-
counts were thrown into confusion. I do not
know that relief should be given here by a special
act; that these parties should be permitted to come
in and settle their accounts in this way. To be
sure, it takes nothing more from the Treasury;
but they have expended what was appropriated
in a manner inconsistent with, and actually con-
trary to, the provisions of the law.
Under the earnest representations that are made
by the chairman of the Committeemen Commerce,
and also by the Senator from. Mississippi, who
has much knowledge of these matters, and by
the Senator from Kentucky, I shall offer no fur-
ther opposition to this resolution; but it affords
me the opportunity to call attention to the man-
ner in which these things are done, that some man
who may occupy my seat hereafter may at least
refer to the fact, and may call those who have
charge of these things to a proper responsibility
in proper time. I admit that I have not done so,
and it is my fault that I have not done so; but it
was in consequence of the want of knowledge or
means to do it, until the whole appropriation that
had been made had been wasted and expended,
and it became useless to talk on the subject. The
manner in which the appropriations for that river,
in the first place, were trespassed upon by these
officers and exhausted, and then the little remnant
that there was wasted, as I know it to have been
wasted, was entirely improper.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
SALE OF AKMS.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to call up a bill which has
been under discussion several times and remained
as the unfinished business—to authorize the sale
of public arms to the different States and Terri-
tories, and to regulate the appointment of super-
intendents of the national armories.
Mr. GREEN. I desire to move an executive
session on a matter which is very important, but
I cannot state it in open Senate. It will take but
very few minutes.
Mr. DAVIS. Why not go into executive ses-
sion after we close this bill ?
Mr. GREEN. The matter I refer to must be
acted on before the 4t,h.
The motion of Mr. Davis was agreed to; and
the Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 45) to authorize the sale of public arms
to the several States and Territories, and to regu-
late the appointment of superintendents of the
national armories; the pending question being on
the motion of Mr. Hale to strike out the second
section, as follows;
" Sec. 9. be it further enacted, That po imioh of the
act approved Am;u<-r '■>. 1834, as autiiouzes the appointment
of a civilian as superintendent of eacii of the national armo-
ries. be, and the .same is hereby, lepeak'd, and that the su-
perintendents of the&e rumories shall hereafter be selected
from orlicf-'i s of tin; ordnance corps."
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I will say for the
benefit of the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, that I do not propose to make an
extended speech; but I want to submit a short
argument, and I will state to the Senate that the
argument I shall submit, every word of it, is ex-
tracted from a report made in the House of Rep-
resentatives and signed by the gentlemen whose
names I will read: R. H. Stanton, chairman; W.
R. Sapp, Charles James Faulkner, and Joshua
Vansant—a report made to the House on this very
subject in 1854. That report says;
" From the peuod of their establishment to the early part
of the year 1841, and thiough the vicissitudes of more than
one war, the armories wore continued under the control of
experienced and well-qualified civilians, appointed in the
manner provided in the law ot 1794. It may be safely said,
that m tlicir management, in the perfection, efficiency, and
extent ot' then products, thev fully realized the highest ex-
pectations which had been formed of their capacity to meet
the public necessities. It was not until 1841, a period of
forty-seven yeais from their first establishment, that any
serious effort was made to supersede the civilians m charge,
by placing over the armories, to superintend and contiol
the workmen, officers belonging to the oidnance corps of
the Army. The history of that transition from civil to mil-
itary control affords strong reason to believe that its suc-
cess was owing more to the persevering dibits and extens-
ive influence of that department of the Army, than to any
peculiar aptitude of that class of men for the management
of such manufacturing establishments, or to any public ne-
cessity demanding a change of system.
"The removal of the civil superintendent1? was made by
the Secretary of VYar thtee davs before the death ot Presi-
dent Harrison, and at a moment when he must be supposed
to have had no agency in it. The law having invested the
President with the sole power of appointing the superin-
tendents and other officers of the armories, the designation
of military men for that purpose by the Secretary of War
was a usurpation of power, and it became necessary to le-
galize it by an act of Congress j and accordingly, in 1842,
such an act was obtained. The proposition, when first pre-
sented to the House, was rejected. It shored the same late
m the Senate; but subsequently, by the dii ect interference
of the head of the ordnance department, was attached to
the Army bill as an amendment. When it came back to
the House in this shape,it was again rejected, and only re-
ceived its reluctant sanction upon the recommendation of
a committee of conference, the House submitting to the
wrong rather than jeopard the fate of the bill upon which
it had been fastened."
This report then goes on and contains reports
made from time to time from various officers of the
Army, who were never sent to examine it, and
they report that they manufactured better arms
under civil superintendence than were manufac-
tured in any place in the world, and also that any
part and every part of an arm manufactured at
Harper's Ferry, interchanged, if that was the
phrase of the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, with those made at Springfield; that
the promiscuous parts of an arm, taken part from
Harper's Ferry and part from Springfield, and
thrown into a basket, promiscuously, could be
taken out together and made a perfect arm.
Mr. DAVIS. What date was that5
Mr. HALE. Prior to 1842; prior to the change
from civil to military superintendence. A report
made to the House in 1839, by Mr. W. C. John-
son, which is embodied in this report, says:
"The most experienced transatlantic officers and arti-
sans admit that the muskets and ufles now made in the
United States are superior, in point of finish and useful-
ness, to the best made in Euiope. So perfect and impioved
has been the system adopted in our factories, that we have
accomplished what aboard of French officers pionounccd
a desideratum that was impossible. They thought that it
was impossible so to make a musket that a part of the work
made for one would suit or fit the residuary part made in
another shop or factory, and by different hands.; that the
spungs and screws made to suit a given lock could be made
with such uniformity and precision a  to answer for the
corresponding parts of a diffeient lock. They thought that
if part of a musket wa« lost or injured, there could not be
taken a similar part of another., and make it quadiate with
all its uses, but that the aid of a mechanic must be em-
ployed or the musket must be discarded. Such is, or has
been, the fact with the arms made in France, because the
filings of the various parts are regulated chiefly by the eye.
This is not the case in our national factories. The system
of machinery is reduced to such perfection that every part
of a musket and rifle is made with such nice precision and
accuracy, that every screw or spring, made for a given part
or purpose, will fit cvety musket or rifle that is made in
each of the public factories. Take any part of a musket
made m the Springfield factory, and it will be precisely, in
every paiticular, like those parts made at Haiper's Ferry.
All the parts of two muskets may betaken asunder, though
one be made at Harper's Ferry and the other at Springfield,
and thiown into an indiscriminate mass, and theie may be
taken fiom the heap thus blended, at random, the compo-
nent parts of a musket, and these put togethei; and the
musket thus formed will bo as perfect as precision can be,
although half the musket be made at one factory and the
other half at the other."
The comparison between the expenses, they
being much more economical under the civil than
military superintendence, is also fully demon-
strated by figures in this report, which I will not
read. 1 see the Senate are not much interested in
this measure; but I will read an extract on one
other point, and with that I shall leave this sub-
ject:
"The very numerous complaints which have been made
in many quarters, of the ovcrbearmgand oppressive conduct
of the military commandants toward the workmen under
their charge, aie not wholly without foundation. Although
all the officers who have had control of the armories in the
last twelve years have not manifested this disposition to
tyrannize over the wbikmen,it is, nevertheless, hardihood
to deny that, for a larger portion of that tune, men who
have been m command, whose temper and learning, united
with their professional habits of exacting instant submis-
sion to all orders, whether ju-t or unjust, rendered their
administrations especially offensive to the mechanics and
others under them. The conduct of which complaint is
not made does not always manifest itself in open acts of
wrong and oppression, which may be seen and felt and de-
scribed, but by many little act3 of tyranny, which show
themselves in the haughty air, vexatious and unnecessary
orders, petulant temper, and a thousand annoyance*, which
can only be realized and understood by those who are un-
fortunately the victims of them."
Then there was another report, which I will not
trouble the Senate with reading:. This was in
1854.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Who signs that >
Mr. HALE. It is signed by the committee of
the House m 1854; among thrni our present Min-
ister to Prance, Mr. Faulkner. It is signed by
R. H.Stanton, W. R. Sapp, Charles James Faulk-
ner, and Joshua Vansant. That was the report
made m 1854, and it was the result of very thorough
examination, made upon complaints that were
made by the manufacturers themselves.
