1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2835
X have specified. Bat none of us have had time to
examine it thoroughly.
Mr. HOARD. I understand that inventors
protest against this bill. The second section pro-
vides for the appointment of three- new officers nr.
an annual salary of fs3,000 each; and that is one
reason why inventors are to be required to pay
more money into the Treasury.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to know of the gen-
tleman from Indiana if the amendment has been
printed?
Mr. NIBLACK. It has not; but I have stated
to the House the substance of it.
Mr. STANTON. I think that bill had better go
over until next session. I do not think we ought
to pass a bill to amend the patent laws blindfolded, j
We certainly have no time to examine it here; J
and if it is laid over, we shall hereafter be able to I
act upon the bill intelligently. It is utterly im- !
possible for gentlemen to vote understanding^ j
now. j
Mr. NIBLACK. The bill has been printed j
three months; though since it has been printed j
several sections llave been stricken out. All is j
printed with the exception of the amendment. j
In reply to the remark of the gentleman from i
New York, [Mr. Hoard,] I desire to say that the |
business of the Patent Office is behindhand in all j
its departments; not from a want of funds—for |
they have a surplus of nearly one hundred thou- !
sand dollars—but because they have not a suffi- j
cient force. j
Mr. STANTON. The subject is of too much j
importance to justify me to vote now for any ,
change in the Patent Office laws; and if the gen- I
tleman presses his bill, I shall vote'ogainst him. j
Mr. NIBLACK. My sense of duty to the do- i
partment requires me to press thK bill to a vote j
at this time. I ask first a vote upon the amend-
ment the committee have reported. Then I pro- !
Fose that the bill shall be read by.clauses, when j
will briefly explain each one, and then I shall '
ask for a vote upon the wlio'j- bill.
Mr. HOARD. I shall move to postpone the :
further consideration of this bill until the second ,
Wednesday of Deceiubu- next; and upon that I
call the previous question.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from New
York has not the floor to make that motion.
Mr. HOARD. 1 believe I have the floor.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
is still upon the ik'or.
Mr. NIBLACK. I call for a vote upon the
amendment; and upon that I call the previous
" question.
Mr. HOARD. I made a motion to postpone
this bill until next December. A bill of this mag-
nitude, involving the interests of all the inventors
of the country, ought noi to be urged upon the
attention of this House at this time.
And I say further, that being interested in and
sympathizing with the inventors myself, I cer-
tainly should have examined thissubject,and have
Frepared myself to speak upon it at this time, had
any expectation that it would have been brought
up for consideration now. I believe my i..otion
is in order; and 1 call the previous question, upon it.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not.in order,
pending the demand for the previous question
made by the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. HOARD. I made the motion to postpone
before the previous question was called.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York had not the floor at that time to make the
motion.
Mr. HOARD. Then I move to lay the whole
subject upon the table.
Mr. NIBLACK. I have the floor; and I do
not yield it for that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York is at Uberty to make that motion.
Mr. NIBLACK. But I do not yield the floor.
The SPEAKER. After the gentleman had
called the previous question he necessarily yielded
the floor; and it was competent then for the gen-
tleman from New York to move to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to make a proposition.
Mr. CARTER. I object.
Mr. HOARD. I wish to say to the gentleman
from Indiana 
Mr. CARTER. I object to debate, and I in-
sist that the rules of the House shall be enforced.
Mr. HOARD. I want to make a proposition.
Mr. CARTER. I object.
Mr. HOARD. Then I move that the bill be
laid upon the table.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I desire the atten-
tion of my colleague a moment. 1 propose that
lie consent that the bill and amendment shall be
printed, and that the consideration shall be post-
poned until Friday morning next; and then the
"bill will come up, under the resolution we adopted
this morning during the morning hour.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to debate, and I in-
sist that order'Shall be enforced.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I am satisfied that,
in the mean time, we can examine the bill, and be
ready to act upon it intelligently.
Mr. CARTER. The pending motion is to lay
the bill upon the table, and there is no other mo-
tion before the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. NIBLACK. I hope the gentleman from
New York will withdraw his motion.
Mr. HOARD. I am willing to withdraw my
motion to lay upon the table, if the gentleman
will allow me to make my proposed motion to
postpone.
Mr. NIBLACK. Until Friday?
Mr. HOARD. No, sir, until next December.
Mr. NIBLACK. I will consent to a motion
to postpone the consideration of the bill until
Friday.
Mr. HOARD. I do not think the House should
legislate upon a matter of so much importance as
this ill a hurry.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order. The
question is upon the motion to lay upon the table.
Mr. NIBLACK. Upon that motion I demand
-tellers.
Tellers were ordered: and Messrs. Carter and
Gurley were appointed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. As a matter
of accommodation, if the gentleman fiorn Indiana
will withdraw the previous question, and if the
gentleman from New York will withdraw the mo-
tion to iay on the table, then there may be a
motion to postpone.
Mr. NIBLACK. I withdraw the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. HOARD. I now withdraw the motion to
lay on the table, and move to postpone this bill
till the second Wednesday in December next; and
on that I move the previous question.
. Mr. NIBLACK. I hope that the motion to
postpone will be voted down; a better arrange-
ment can be made.
The previous question was seconded and the
maul question ordered.
Mr. NIBLACK called for the yeas and nays
on the motion to postpone.
Mr. KUNKEL called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and nays
were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. HOARD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was postponed till the second
Wednesday in December next; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FREDERICK E. SICKLES.
Mr. FRANK, from jjie Committee on Patents,
reported a bill for the relief of Frederick E. Sickles;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
EZRA CONNELL.
Mr. FRANK, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Ezra Conneil, of
Ithaca, New York; which was reatl a first and
second time, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House, and, with the accompanying report, or-
dered to be printed.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS.
Mr. ASHMORE,from the Committee on Mile-
age, reported back, with a recommendation that
it do not pass, House hill No. 607, to repeal an
act to regulate the compensation of members of
Congress, approved August 16, 185G; which was
laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
EXPENDITURES IN Till] NAVY DEPARTMENT.
Mr. HATTON. i have been instructed by the
Committee on the Expenditures in the Navy De-
partment to report to the House certain resolu-
tions referred to it on the 19th at" February, with
the recommendation that they do pass. Accom-
panying these resolutions is a report, which the
committee desire to have printed.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy has,:witb the
f-ancuon of the president, abused 1ns discretioaaiy power
in the selection of a coal agent, and in the purchase of fuel
for the Government.
Resolved, That the contract made by the Secretary of the
Nav}. under date of September 23, 1858, with W. C. N.
Swift, for the delivery of live-oak timber, was made m vio-
lation of law, and in a manner unusual, improper, and in-
jurious to the public service.
Resolved, That the distribution, by the Secretary of the
Navy, of the patronage ia the navy-yard among memberd
of Congress, was destructive of discipline, corrupt! ng in its
influence, and highly injurious to the public service.
Resolved, Thai the President and Secretary of the Navy,
by receiving and considering the party relations of bidders
for contracts with the United States, and the etiect ofaward-
ing contracts upon pending elections, have set ail example
dangerous to the pubhc safety, and deserving the reproof of
this House.
Resolved, That the appointment, by tiie Secretary of the
Navy, of Daniel B. Martin, chief engineer, as a member of
a board of engineers to report upon proposals for consti tid-
ing machinery for the United States—the said Martin, at
the time, being pecuniarily interested in some of said pro-
posals—is hereby censured by this House-
Mr. BOCOCK. I ask the attention ot the
House for a few minutes. The resolutions just
reported by the gentleman from Tennessee are
resolutions which were reported by a minority of
a select committee appointed at thelast.Congress.
They were based on an examination which lasted
for weeks. The testimony taken occupies over a
thousand pages. I go on the supposition,. Mr.
I Speaker, that gentlemen of the House of Repre-
I sentatives are not willing to act on so grave and
! important a question as this, without a thorough
i and full examination of the ground on which these
! resolutions are based. No additional testimony
il whatever has been taken. That testimony has
i! not been reprinted. I do not know how many
!, new members of the House, or even how many
'j old members of the House, have put themselves
; to the trouble of reading that long document. It
I is not to be presumed that the new members of
| the House have put themselves to the trouble of
! making a thorough examination into this subject.
! I shall go on the supposition, Mr. Speaker, that
! gentlemen oil all sides of the House wish to do
1 justice in legard to this matter, and do not wish
to pass on such important matters as these with-
| out a thorough understanding of what they are
1 doing.
| I wish further to say that, in my opinion, these
I resolutions involve high constitutional principles,
| which ought not to be hastily passed upon by the
! House of Representatives. As a member of the
: committee winch acted on this subject last year,
| and as a member of the committee this year,
! I shall feel it a duty which I owe to my country
i and to the Constitution of my country, to ask this
j House to hear me for the space of one hour in
■; argument on this subject. 1 desire to argue the
j question. I desire to argue it in the manner that
j becomes so grave, so important, and so solemn a
matter as this, in the presence of the House of
Representatives.-
1 think, therefore, that, under these circum-
stances, I do not ask too much of the House
when 1 ask for the postponement of the consider-
ation of these resolutions. If I thought that gen-
tlemen would meet me in a spirit of liberality, I
! would ask that the resolutions be passed over till
j the next session, for I think there is hardly time
{ during this session to have them duly considered.
But, if gentlemen are not disposed to meet me in
i that suggestion, I ask, at least, that the resolu-
;; tions be passed over for two days, in order that
I; all members who choose to get that document, and
j; to look at the testimony, and all who desire to
i! prepare themselves to give, their views on the sub-
! ject, may have an opportunity of doing so. I
i 'had no expectation that this report should come
j up this morning, although the committee determ-
! ined on it some time ago. My friend from
!' Tennessee [Mr. Hattox] will remember that it
:j was the opinion of the committee last Monday
ii that, unless they could get in then, they would
j! hardly be able to get in at all. It has come in
Ii this morning. It finds me here without notice,
ij without the documents, and not, in a situation to
jj prosecute the discussion in a mode in which I
l! desire to do it
