948
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
March 1,
that half the improvements made are due. It
required .a knowledge of arms to tell what was
needed by the troops. It required Buckland to
tell how modifications could be made in the ap-
plication of mechanical contrivances to arms.
They have acted in unison; and if the Senator can
point me to an officer who has been on duty there
since eivil superintendents were there before, who
will not bear testimony to the merit of that man,
and who ha8 ever failed to treat him* with the re-
spect due to his genius and worth, I would admit
that half my argument is wrong. But I do not
intend to consume the time of the Senate. I hope
the subject is sufficiently understood.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to pursue this
argument, but simply to vindicate my self against
one rejnark the Senator made. I made no fling
at West Point cadets—at the colorof their gloves;
not at all.
Mr. DAVIS. The other day 
Mr. HALE. I know what I said. It was
only in answer to a suggestion made by the hon-
orable Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessenden,]
that the education of these gentlemen peculiarly
fitted them for discharging the duties of superin-
tendents of these armories.'
Mr. PESSENDEN. I did not say they were
fitted by the fact of wearing white gloves.
Mr. HALE. Of course, you did not say that;
but what I said was in answer to the Senator from
Maine It struck me, I must say, with all my
respect for the Senator from Maine and the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, as a little absurd that an
education at West Point peculiarly fitted them to
take charge of these workshops; and I said that
I thought these gentlemen would be employed in
a work much more agreeable to the taste that they
had acquired by the education at West Point, by
having their hands in gloves and doing the duties
of a ball-room rather than assisting greasy me-
chanics in making arms. That was all, I think.
If there was not great wit in it, it was certainly
harmless, and hardly deserved to be designated as
a demagogical fling.
Mr. DAVIS. If I used that expression towards
the Senator, I assure hiraitwasmnounkindness
to him; and, as he says I did, probably it is so.
I had heard it so often before that probably, when
I reflected on it, the bitterness of former days
came before me.
The question being taken, by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Dixon, Doolittlc,
Durkee, Hale, Hamlin, Harlan, Push, Reward, Simmons,
Siynnor, Trumbull, YVade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Clay, Clinimian, Collamer, Cnt-
tenden, Davis, Fessenden, Fitcli, Fitypatuck, Foot, Fo-tcr,
Green, Games, Gvvin, Hammond, Uaun, llemplnll, Iver-
son,Johnson or' Arkansas, Kennedy, I.ane, Mallory, Ma-
son, Nicholson, Polk, Powell, Uice, Saulsbury, Sebastian.
Slidell, Ten Eyek, and Wigfall—32.
So the Senate refused to strike out the second
section of the bill.
Mr. SIMMON'S. I now move to strike out the
first section of the bill, relative to the sale of arms.
It is in these words:
"Beit cnatjed, That the Secretary of War be, and ho
is hereby, authorized to issue to any State or Territory of
the United States, on application of the Governor thereof,
arms made at the United States armories, to sueli extent
fts may be spared from the public supplies without injury
or inconvenience to the service of the General Government,
upon payment therefor, in each case, of an amount suffi-
cient to replace, bv fabrication at the national arinoiies,
the arms so issued."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe it is in order to
amend the section before taking the vote to strike
it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) It is in order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move to amend it in the
ninth line, by inserting, after the word "there-
for, "the words "in cash, at the time of delivery;"
so that it will read:
Upon the payment theiet'oi m cash, at the time of de-
livery, ill each case, of an amount, &e.
Mr. DAVIS. I am willing to accept that amend,
ment. There can be no objection to it. It is what
was originally intended.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to suggest another
amendment, after the word "amount." It now
reads, "an amount sufficient to replace, by fabrica-
tion at the national armories, the arms so issued."
I move to strike out the words "sufficient to re-
place, by fabrication at the national armories, the
arms so issued,"and insert, "equal to the cost of
the same," so that the Government shall not dis-
pose of its arms at less than their cost.
Mr. DAVIS. I think I can satisfy the Sena-
tor from Illinois that his amendment, if adopted,
will be'injurious and can have no beneficial effect.
If the improvement of machinery should reduce
the price of the manufacture of a given arm this
year, it would be justice to the two parties hold-
ing the friendly relation they bear to each other,
to allow the State to take the arms at an amount
which would replace it next year. Then, again,
the Senator will perceive that in every change of
model, there is a change of machinery consequent
on the change of model; and thus you have arms
which, upon an estimate made according to the
scale of prices, would have a very different valu-
ation in the armory, and exactly the same value
out of it. There would be an amount of confu-
sion resulting from it; whereas the bill is simple
and direct, and gives exactly what is the value to
the Government of the arm the State receives, as
the language now stands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My object in suggesting
the amendmentwas to make it definite. It seems
to me that now it leaves a very great discretion
to the Secretary of War. How is he to determ-
ine what sum will be sufficient "to replace, by
fabrication at the national armories, the arms
so issued." Here is authority given to him, on
the application of the executive of one of the
States, to issue such amount of arms as may not
be needed for the public service, to the State, on
condition that a sum is paid " to replace, by fab-
rication at the national armories, the arms so is-
sued. " How is that to be ascertained ? It seems
to me that leaves it very vague and uncertain;
whereas the amendment I have proposed would
leave it a fixed sum; there would be no confu-
sion about it; we could ascertain what the arms
to be disposed of had cost, and that would fix the
amount. I am not particular about it, however.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on the motion of the Senator from Rhode
Island to strike out the first section of the bill, as
amended.
Mr. SIMMONS. There seems to bo very little
attention paid to the bill; but I should like to ask
the Senator from Mississippi what his object is
in entering into this new branch of business at
the armoriesI have not heard any reason for
it. This proposition to go into the manufacture
of arms for sale on the part of the Government,
it strikes me, is a new idea.
I was a little struck with the answer that was
given to the proposition to amend this section so
as to fi*x some certain price. If anybody ever
carried 011 the business of manufacturing any kind
of machinery, of all things in the world he would
never agree to fix it on any paper calculation of
its cost. I never knew even a man who was
thoroughly acquainted with a business, who would
make an estimate within twenty per cent, of what
it would cost the next year. I recollect a rule
which, when I was a farmer, a neighbor of mine
told me. He thought it proper for me to make
the best calculation I could about managing a
farm, what it would cost, and then set down the
crop and what it would bring; and lie said if I
doubled the estimated cost, and took on half of
what I thought the crop would bring, I should
generally come out about right; and it is pretty
much so with this machine making, if a man
makes as close an estimate as lie can of the cost
of these arms, you might add twenty-five per cent,
to it, and you would hardly ever cover the real
cost. That is the case with all business. I never
knew any business that could not show a great
profit on paper when very little was actually real-
ized; and of all things, if I were going to make
these arms, I would rather set it down that we
would take ten dollarsfor them if they cost twenty
dollars, than let them go on an estimate of what
we could fabricate others for.
But I am against the whole matter of the Gov-
ernment manufacturing arms for sale. If we are
not dealing liberally enough with the different
States,in furnishing them with arms, I am willing
to vote more money, and let us go 011 as we now
furnish arms. We now give $2*00,000 a year for
arms to the States. If that is not enough, I am
willing to give more; but I would never enter into
a competition with private enterprise by the Gov-
ernment. It is a most unheard of usurpation of
power on the part of the Government. I am will-
ing to-manufacture for ourselves, but not to set
tip a business on the part of the Government, with
its capital and funds, to run down private estab-
lishments that are competing with it. We have
plenty of armories in this country, ready to make
arms for anybody who will pay cash for them, as
cheap as they can be manufactured; and if this
Government is to be turned into a manufacturing
establishment to break down private enterprise, I
think it is time we looked about it. It is a most
unheard of competition. You want this Govern-
ment to set up a competition with mechanics in
making cheap arms, and to be sold on a paper cal-
culation of their cost. I am surprised at the Sen-
ator from Mississippi. I know his notions are
generally pretty rigid about this Government. He
surely does not want this Government to compete
with individuals in the ordinary transaction of
business. You talk about monopolies. There
never was a monopoly in England that would be
so mischievous in its eoiisequences as to under-
take to manufacture arms against private armo-
ries, and sell them on a paper calculation of their
cost. I do not want to enlarge on this topic. I
believe everybody must understand it.
Mr. DAVIS. I will endeavor to answer the
inquiries put to me by the Senator from Rhode
Island, and bo brief. He asks me why we should
take a paper calculation. I thought I had partly
answered that before. I will merely say to him,
however, that he has taken but one view of it
The price of iron varies, and the cost of the.arm
will vary with the price of iron, the price of coal,
the price of labor. That is known at the time you
sell the arm, and your purpose is to replace the
arm of exactly the same model and character as
the one that you sell. I do not think it would be
by any means a "difficult thing to come within so
small a difference that it would hardly be appre-
ciable.
Then, as to the other branch of the Senator's
objections, which lie seemed to press with the
most force, that it was to put the Government
into competition with private establishments, I
will merely say that the Government has properly
a monopoly in the manufacture of these arms,
and that if you go to private establishments to
buy them, you must buy such arms as they have
machinery for the manufacture of. In this age
of machinery we manufacture no arms by hand,
save here and there, in some backwoods country,
where a blacksmith makes a rifle. The machin-
ery is applied to the arm which can be manu-
factured at anything like the market price, and
individuals apply their machinciy to such arms
as have a general sale, not meicly arms required
for military use. No man establishes a factory
in these days to make muskets and rifles such as
are required in war. There is one establishment
in Connecticut which has the machinery erected
for the purpose of filling contracts, with the Gov-
ernment, and it could fill an order from a State
now for arms; but is it fair to the militia that you
should put into their hands arms that had not the
exact inspection and all the value which your
public arms have ? Clearly not.
Then, am I asked, why require the armories to
sell them? The answer is twofold. We have
gone on increasing in population, increasing ill the
organization of military companies, and we require
more arms now than when the sum stated by the
Senator, $200,000, was fixed. Consequently, ap-
plications are made from almost every State for
arms, beyond the quota which the Department is
authorized to issue. Volunteer companies are
formed and desire arms. They call on the Gover-
nor, the Governor on the Secretary of War, and he
has but the stereotyped answer to make; the quota
due to the State has been issued, and we can give
yon no more until another year's supply falls due.
The Secretary of War this year has asked that the
annual appropriation be increased to meet the in-
creased wants of the militia. It is, then, merely
an economic question whether you will allow
the States to make appropriations for the arms
they require themselves, or whether you will in-
crease the appropriation beyond $200,000, which
has heretofore been made. But, in this connec-
tion, I would say, for I make no division be-
tween the Government and the people, that on
account of the negligence with which arms issued
by the Federal Government to the States have
been heretofore treated, I hope that more care will
