1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
king of the people. The people, Mr. Speaker, in this country,
are king. There is no other. Nobody else has the attribute
of sovereignty, if Congress can dispense sovereignty, cer-
tainly Congress has either acquired that sovereignty or has
eieated it. Nobody believes that Congress creates sover-
eignty. If Congress acquired it, then when and where did
it acquire it?"
In the language just quoted, if Congress has
this right, where did it get it ? Prom whom does
sovereignty emanate ? Why, sir, from the people,
the source of all political power in this country;
and, unless they have parted with that sover-
eignty, they retain it, and may exercise it any-
where within the wide domain of the American
Union. By the express terms of the Constitution
" the powers not delegated to the United States
by the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to the
States, are reserved to the States respectively, or
to thepeople." Then, if this power has not been
delegated, as I claim it has not, it is reserved to
the States or to the people. The people having
this reserved power do not lose it by emigrating
from o State to a Territory, but enter such Ter-
ritory clothed with all the reserved powers which
they had while citizens of aState. It is common
for gentlemen who argue the question of the power
of Congress to legislate for the Territories, to cite
as authority instances where Congress, in organ-
izing certain Territories, has provided in the or-
ganic act for the submission to Congress, for its
approval, of all acts passed by the Territorial
Legislature, previous to their becoming valid as
legislative enactments.
Now, while 1 have nothing to say in behalf of
this interference on the part of the General Gov-
ernment with the acts of the people of the Terri-
tories, but claim for them the right to exercise all
the rights of a sovereign people, without any re-
striction on the part of the General Government,
" subject at all times to the Constitution of the
United States/' yet there is a manifest difference
between approvingor rejecting acts already passed
by a Legislature, and that of enacting the same
originally. The President of the United States,
who is the executive branch of the Federal Gov-
ernment, exercises to a certain extent the power
of rejecting or approving the laws of Congress.
An act may be passed by both Houses of Con-
gress, by a fair majority of each; and if the Presi-
dent returns it without his signatuie, it cannot be-
come a law unless two thuds of each House shall
afterwards concur in its passage. Yet no person
will claim that this veto power which is given
to the President confers upon him the power of
legislation, or that the exercise of tins power in the
many instances m which it has been exorcised is
any precedent for rnnfering upon the President
legislative power. In like manner, if the Supreme
Court of the United States, upon a case properly
before it, declare a law unconstitutional, it hence-
forth becomes a nullity while that decision re-
mains unreversed, and will not be enforced. So
the supreme courts of the States may, and often
do, by their decisions, annul the laws of the law-
making power. Yet I do not understand these
jjowers to be exercised upon the principle of any
powers of legislation, winch are conferred upon
either the executive or judicial branches of Gov-
ernment.
One of the legal decisions which has been referred
to as deciding this question of power in favor of the
Federal Government, is in the case of Sere & La-
ralde, complainants, against Pitot and others, re-
ported in G Cranch's Supreme Court Rrpoi ts,pago
332; but the question of the power of Congress to
legislate upon matters of a local-character, and
which aie not enumerated among the delegated
powers contained in the Constitution, was not
before the court. The question before the court
was as to its jurisdiction over the ease—two ob-
jections being made to the jurisdiction:
1. That the suit was brought by the assignees
of a chose in action> in a case where it could not
have been prosecuted if no assignment had been
made,
2. That the district court could not entertain
jurisdiction, because the defendants were not citi-
zens of any State.
The case was decided upon the first of the above
objections, an the ground that the plaintiffs were
assignees of persons who were citizens of the Ter-
ritory of Orleans—and this determined the decis-
ion of the court. The same objections would have
prevailed if the suit had been brought in a State
instead of a Territory; but the court proceeded
to the consideration of the second objection, which
of course it was competent for them to do.
But this objection to the jurisdiction presents
no question as to the power of Congress to legis-
late upon subjects which arc local. The court
could not decide that any such power existed, for
the question was not before it. It is true, the
court, in arriving at their conclusions, quote the
clause in the Constitution whereby it is claimed by
the Republican party that the power exists in Con-
gress. But this is only a part of the premises as-
sumed by the court m arriving at a decision upon
the second objection; and however much this dic-
tum of the court may be entitled to respect, as the
opinion of men learned in the law, it will not be
claimed that it constitutes the decision of the court
upon the question presented.
Courts ami judges may, and often do, give cor-
rect decisions, but wrong reasons for such decis-
ions; and it not unfrequently happens that even
different members of the Supreme Bench arrive
at the same conclusion and concur in the same
decision, but for very different reasons.
The decision of the court upon the second
objection to which I have alluded turned upon
the question as to whether the district court of
the Territory of Orleans, established by the act
of Congress, erecting Louisiana into two Territo-
ries, approved March '26,1804, had cognizance of
the case under those sections in the act establish-
ing the judicial courts of the United States, which
define the jurisdiction of the several courts, and
the court m the Kentucky district. In determin-
ing the question, the court had simply to examine
the extent of jurisdiction conferred upon the court
in the district of Kentucky; the jurisdiction of the
court of the Territory of Orleans being the same
as that of the district of Kentucky. And, in fact,
the whole question seems to have been, whether
the term States, as used in the act establishing
the judiciary, applied to a Territory. And the
court decided that it did, thereby putting a Ter-
ritory in that particular upon an equality with a
State. But as Congress has power, by the Con-
stitution, to establish Federal courts of inferior
jurisdiction, when it established the district court
of the Territory of Orleans, it simply oxercised
one of the powers delegated by the Constitution.
Believing, sir, that Congress docs not possess this
power of local legislation for the Territories, I
was unwilling to abandon my views upon that
subject, even wh^n it was proposed to enter a
great national protest against the crime of polyg-
amy, notwithstanding I fully concurred with the
most ardent advocates of that measure as to the
crimnkility of the practice which it was sought
to provide against. And the more especially was
I inclined to adhere, in that instance, to the policy
of non-intervention, when it was admitted by
some of the friends of the measure, as must be
apparent to all, that the law could not be carried
into execution, if enacted.
But this would bo a matter of secondary con-
sideration, if Congress possessed the power thus
to legislate, and if it was within the true policy of
the Governmentto exercise it; both of which prop-
ositions I deny. Sir,in my opinion,Congress has
neither the power to establish, protect, or prohibit
slavery in the Territories of the United States. If
I believed it had the right to protect or to establish
it, 1 would also concede the right to prohibit it.
And,conceding this power,if callcdupon toexer-
cise the one power or the other, as a member here,
I would exercise it for the prohibition of slavery.
I do not subscribe to the doctrine, which I some-
times hear, that slavery is a great moral, social,
and political blessing. I am willing those who
have it, and think so, shall enjoy that opinion, as
the responsibility attaches to {hem and not to me.
1 claim that, neither as a citizen of a free State,
nor as a member here, am I in anyway respons-
ible for the existence of slavery among people
who, by their local laws, may establish it. The
question docs not present itself as a moral ques-
tion, but as a question of Federal power. The
tendency of this policy of congressional interven-
tion, is, in my opinion, to a centralized form of
government, in which Congress, instead of ex-
ercising those few delegated powers enumerated
in the Constitution, becomes the great political
machinery which overrules and overrides all
branches and all departments of government m
the States, crushing the rights and liberties of the
people in one section, and fostering and protect-
ing those of another, at the expense of the former,
in such manner and to such an extent as may
meet the desire and suit the interest of the major-
ity of its members.
i believe the people of the Territories the proper,
legitimate, and safe tribunal to decide the ques-
tion of slavery, as well as all other local questions,
for themselves; not only when they come to form
a State Government, but at all times after they
shall become an organized community. If this
policy is not adopted, and this vexed question re-
moved from these Halls, not only will we have a
continuation of that bitterness of feeling and sec-
tional strife which is continually exhibiting itself
here, exciting discord and hatred between the peo-
ple of the different sections of our common coun-
try, but with the vast amount of our present and
perhaps future acquired possessions which arc to
be organized as Territories and admitted into the
Union as States, the entire attention of Congress
will eventually have to be given to these Terri-
tories, to the total neglect of all our other great
national interests, which, by the express terms
of the Constitution, arc confided to the national
Legislature. In my opinion, it is the continued
agitation of the question of slavery in these Halls,
and the consequent diversion of the public mind
from the real interests of the people, and from the
legitimate functions of the General Government,
that is, to a great extent, the cause of the fraud
and corruption which are said to, and no doubt
do and will, exist in many of the departments
of Government, no matter what paity has the
ascendency.
While the attention of the people is fixed upon
the all-absorbing question of slavery, abuses are
constantly going on, and will go on, in all
branches of Government, which dare not be per-
petrated, if the public mind was not wrought up
to a high state of excitement on this slavery issue.
While the public mind can thus be led off on
these topics, there will always be found those
who will take advantage of this excited feeling,
and seek opportunities of squandering the public
money in the most profligate manner, while they
proclaim to the people that all other matters sink
into insignificance compared with the slavery
question; and, while agitation continues, their
wrongs are overlooked or forgotten. But if you
remove the slavery question from these Halls,
and transfer it to the people, where it properly
belongs, the attention of Congress will then be
devoted to subjects of practical and immediate
importance to the people at large; and the public
mind, being no longer aroused and excited over
mere abstract questions, will be directed to the
conduct of the public officials, and, by holding
them to a strict accountability, check many of
Chose abuses before they shall have grown, un-
noticed and unseen, into flagrant corruptions.
Adopt the policy of non-intervention upon the
subject of slavery, as well as all other local insti-
tutions, and politicians can no longer make polit-
ical capital by arousing the prejudices and feel-
ings of one portion of the people against another,
and thereby creating that sectional hostility which,
if it does not threaten the very existence of the
Union, produces a state of affairs at once disgrace-
ful to a free and intelligent people.
Politicians of one section expect to keep them-
selves m place and power by an appeal to the
prejudices of their people against the institution
of slavery, and would claim the honor of stay-
ing the aggressive hand of the slave power from
encroachments on the rights of freemen; while
those of another section would have their people
believe that but for their efforts in the hails of
legislation, the tide of fanaticism from the North
would sweep over the southern States like a
tornado. And thus these extreme classes of poli-
ticians, as if by mutual understanding, are con-
tinually devising ways and means to perpetuate
agitation on this question.
When this policy of non-intervention shall once
be adopted, instead of angry and protracted dis-
cussion in Congress, and excited feeling among
the people, upon the organization of each Terri-
tory and the admission of each new State, as fast
as each Territory acquires the requisite popula-
tion, clothed with the sovereign power of her peo-
ple—not of Congress—with her constitution re-
publican in form, and stamped with the approval
of her people, she will be found knocking for ad-
mission into the Union, and will march into the
