950
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
get in private competition in Europe or at home,
she wiH be induced to take them from the United
States instead of elsewhere.
But when the honorable Senator avers, as he
does very roundly here, that private manufactur-
ers can make better arms and cheaper arms than
the .Government of the United States can make,
if he is right, the Government of the United States
cannot come into competition with them in the
market; because those.who want to buy, unless
they are deterred from going to that quarter of the
country to buy, will buy from those private man-
ufacturers. Sir, if she could buy arms as good
and as cheap as she can make them, the State of
Virginia would not be, as she is now, erecting a
manufactory of arms within her own limits. She
would not manufacture them,'clearly,if shecould
buy them as good and as cheap as she could get
them elsewhere.
The proposition, as I understand it, is that the
Government of the United States, from the sur-
plus of arms that it must of necessity keep on
hand, shall distribute them more at large among
the people of the States, than it can do under the
present legislation, on terms that they shall be
replaced at cost. And what reply is given by the
Senator from Rhode Island ? Why, that you are
bringing the Government into competition with
private manufacturers; and at the same time, he
asserts that these private manufacturers manufac-
ture better arms and cheaper than the Govern-
ment. If that is true, there is no competition. If
it is not true, then he would compel the States to
go and buy from these manufacturers an inferior
or a worse arm at a higher rate. At the very time
that it is certainly the policy of the United States
to arm the country, at the very time that the Uni-
ted States has a lafrge surplus of arms on hand in-
tended to arm the country, either through its own
armies or through the militia, and when the prop-
osition is to replace to the Government the cost
ofthose arms, I cannot understand that argument
in any way whatever.
I know nothing about it, for I never had occa-
sion to inquire into the subject, but I should doubt
very much whether you can trust private manu-
facturers as you can trust the Government man-
ufacture. i know that in the competition which
results among the private manufacturers, not of
arms only but of everything else, there is impo-
sition in material, imposition in workmanship,
imposition in fabric, which is never tested until
it is used, and then itmanifests itself too late. I
was struck with that the other day, in the Senator's
own country, in the fall of that mill in Lawrence,
in Massachusetts—an immense building, in the
hands of private manufacturers, that fell to the
ground and crushed some two hundred or two
hundred and fifty people, men and women. An
inquiry was made into the cause, and I looked
into it, not to a great extent, and it was said there
that the cause of it was owing to the defect of the
castings of the pillars of the structure. I do not
sajr that might not have iiappened if it had been
a Government work, constructed on Government
account, but I say only what belongs to that
human nature and to that good sense which no
honorable.Senator enjoys more highly and more
justly than the honorable Senator from Rhode
Island, when I say it is manifested everywhere
that private interests, freed from public respons-
ibility in manufacture, will manufacture in the
cheapest Manns')- they can, obtaining the same
price; and in matters of so great importance as the
arms of a country, there will be flaws, there will
be defects that might be avoided but for the cu-
pidity of (lie manufacturer, winch never manifest
themselves until it is too late. I do not mean to
throw any reflection on the arms manufactured
by the constituents of that gentleman, if any do
manufacture them, but I speak of that only as one
necessary result in all private manufactures.
Now, I am not one of those who believe that
because arms are manufactured under epaulets
they are not to be relied upon. Mr. President,
in my experience of this Government, (and I have
had some,) I know of no security which, for pri-
vate lioiior, public responsibility, or pecuniary
trust, is to be compared to the security that an
officer gives by his epaulets — better than any
bond, better than any profession of any kind. I
have seen it tested over and over again, and ques-
tioned over and over again, and I have not yet
seen it wanting. I say, the security that is given
by the epaulet, by the commission which he bears
from his country, and his responsibility under
that commission, is the best I have ever known
in this Government. I trust to that, in the man-
ufacture of arms, far more than I would to the
cupidity of private enterprise; and in doing that,
I do not mean still to question the honesty of
those men who are engaged in it m the slightest
degree. 1 do not know the character of their
arms; but if I were buying arms for the use of my
State, I would a thousand times rather trust to the
security of the public responsibility of the Gov-
ernment in the manufacture of them than to the
cupidity of the private manufacturer.
Now, sir, what is the proposition of this bill?
What is the object of the Government in manu-
facturing arms ? They must keep very large sup-
plies. I am informed by the honorable Senator
who is chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, that there are some five hundred thousand
urais at the United States armories, and they are
manufacturing them every year, at the rate of four
or five hundred thousand dollars' worth annually.
Why? Our army is only eighteen thousand
strong; they cannot use them. They are put by
for future use, when the country wants them. In
the meantime they are redundant. They are in-
tended for use; they are intended to be distributed
through the States, to be given to the people of the
States when they are in arms for the protection
of their country. Tho proposition now is to dis-
tribute them on terms most advantageous to the
Government, by replacing the cost of the arms.
The honorable Senator would remit the States
to the competition of private manufacturers. I
cannot see the propriety of it, I am free to ad-
mit.
Mr. PUGH. Mr. President, if it were alleged
that the establishments of the Government were
not sufficient to supply the regular Army, or the
militia of the States, with the suitable number of
arms, and a proper estimate were made of the
expense of increasing that department, I should
be ready to vote for it. If, on the other hand, it
be true, as stated by the Senator from Virginia,
011 the authority of the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, that there are more arms
now in the armories and the arsenals than are
required for the public service, and it is deemed
expedient to distribute them to the States propor-
tionably, either at cost price or for nothing,! am
ready to yjitertain that proposition. But this bill
is for neither purpose. The bill is precisely what
the Senator from Rhode Island has characterized
it. It is not to carry into effect the duty of the
Federal Government to provide for the arming of j
the militia of the States. It is not for the purpose 1
of distributing to the States public arms which
arc not necessary or not required by the Federal
Government. It is to engage the Federal Gov-
ernment in the manufacture of arms, not with
a view to its public duty, but to interfere with
private manufacturing; or the first section is an
introduction to the second section; itisto find em-
ployment for the Army of the United States.
Wc first established the Academy at West
Point, because, it is said, we must educate these
gentlemen for their business, and the next thing
is to find business for them after they are edu-
cated. They arc not sent, the greater portion of
them, as other armies in other countries are, to be
soldiers. They are to be congregated in fortifica-
tions, and in cities, and in armories, and in arse-
nals, to be soldiers in name and not soldiers in
fact. Now, sir, instead of allowing the manu-
facture of arms whenever unusual demands be-
yond the ordinary requirements of the militia
exist, in order to answer these extraordinary
demands, wo are to bring the Government of the
United States into competition with private indi-
viduals in a private business;and what is the ar-
gument for it? The Senator from Virginia says
that if private individuals call make these arms
cheaper and better than the Government, there
will be no competition, or no dangerous competi-
tion, between the Government and them. The
Senator overlooks the fact stated by the Senator
from Rhode Island, that private individuals must
have an income or an interest upon their capital,
while the Federal Government puts its money
there without the idea of having any return, or any
interest, or any income. You bring the power
of this Government, as a capitalist icquiring no
return upon its investment, to compete with indi-
viduals who are compelled to receive a return
upon their capital.
But the Senator from Virginia thinks that com-
petition will ruin the manufacture of arms, and
that men striving with each other to command
the market, to make the best article at the least
price, will be sure to give us the worst possible
article. Why, sir, the experience of the world
is the other way. It is the experience of the
world that monopoly gives us the worst article at
the highest price, and I do not care whether it is
a monopoly granted by a charter, or whether it
is a monopoly of the Government of the United
States, after she has driven out private individu-
als, and set up her own factories, under the con-
trol of her own military officers.
But the Senator from Virginia says the best
security we can have that these arms will be the
best and the cheapest, is the fact that they are to be
manufactured under the administration of gentle-
men who wear epaulets. That is a better security
than a bond; I believe I use the Senator's own
expression. Then, sir, in God's name, why not
give them every office in the Government of the
united States ? If it is good for one thing, it is
good for all. I do not mean to depreciate the honor
of military officers; but I say it is no higher than
the honor of private citizens. I consider it no
stigurity at all. I can see no purpose in commit-
ting the matter to these gentlemen. They are not
educated for any such business. They have no
practical acquaintance with the manufacture of
arms. They have no practical acquaintance with
the management of these large factories. They
will have to learn every bit of it after you have
put them there. They have no qualifications, ex-
cept that, perhaps, of inspectors, to form a judg-
ment derived from their experience or observa-
tion in the Army as to the particular pattern or
quality of arm. As for supsrintending the manu-
facture of them, the pretense that they are edu-
cated for any such business, or that they know
any such thing, unless it be an exceptional case,
is preposterous.
It seems to me, therefore, that this whole bill,
whether you regard the first section or the second
section, is equally objectionable. Each section is
indispensable to the other. If you do not have
the first section you will very soon find that the
second section will be in little demand, for it will
only provide for one or two ordnancc officers;
but if you can set all the armories of the United
States to the maximum of their capacity to manu-
facture arms, there will be more places for more
officers. If you strike out the second section, the
first section, unless it be to distribute the arms
already made, would soon be of the leastpossible
consequence. I look upon it, sir, without mean-
ing any disrespect to the Committee on Military
Affairs, as a part of that plan which seems to have
been persisted in continuously, that to employ the
Army of the United States they are to be thrust
into every department of civil service; and while
this is being done on the pretense of finding them
employment, the President thunders to us from
the other end of the avenue that he must have
three, four, or five more regiments added to the
Army for the discharge of public service in the
Territories. Let these officers go there. That is
where they ought to be; andif they were sent there
instead of being put over the Treasury extension,
the Capitol extension, and the harbor improve-
ments, and river improvements, and the armories,
and the arsenals—if thoy were sent to the Terri-
tories, as the French troops are sent to Algeria,
we should not have this call by Texas to give her
regiments of rangers, and from all the Territories
to give them either new regiments in the regular
Army or new regiments of volunteers.
It seems to me that a majority of the Army offi-
cers have less idea of being soldiers than of being
everything else. They attempt, in every way, to
get into employments that are not intended for
them by the laws regulating, or originating, or
organizing the Army itself; and, for one, since this
matter was called to my attention, in debates two
years ago, I have taken the solemn resolution that
I will record no vote to increase, in any direction,
the control of the Army of the United States in
the civil departments of this Government. I shall
vote therefore to strike out this section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn. I am satisfied that we cannot get through
with this bill te-night.
