1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
Mr. PUGII. The Senator from Missouri de- j
sired me to move an executive session.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, called for the
yeas and navs on the motion to adjourn, and they !
were ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas 21, j
nays 22; as follows: I
YI3AS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Chandler, Poolittle, .
Durkee, Fessenden, Foot, Fo-tci. Hale, Harlan, Hemphill, ;
fversnn. Kinjr, Folk, Seward. t-Mmmous, Sumner, Ten i
Evck, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Brass:. Clay, Clinsman, Colla- j
raer, Crittenden, Davis, Gwin, Hammond, Johnson of Ar- ;
kaiwis,Kennedy,Lane,JVIaltorv,Ma^on, Nicholson,Fovv-
el], PU")i. Rice, Saulsbury, Slide!!. Toombs, Wigtall, and '
Yulee—!
So the Senate refused to adjourn. !
Mr. PUGH. I move that the Senate proceed ;
to the consideration of executive business. |
Mr. DAVIS. I hope not. 1
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope we shall J
not have an executive session to-day. ;
Mr. DAVIS. Let us dispose of the bill. j
Mr.FESSENDEN. There will bemoredebate. ;
Mr. PUGH. Does the Senator from Missis- j
sippi desire to speak ? \
Mr. DAVIS. I have a few words to say. ;
Mr. PUGH. Then I shall not insist on my '
motion. !
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator \
from Ohio has had his speech, and I tlimk he j
ought to be the last man to press the postpone- !
ment of the bill now. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.) ;
The motion of the Senator from Ohio is with-
drawn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I understand i
that this is the bill which was reported by the j
Committee on Military Affairs to allow the States >
to purchase arms where they can get them best ;
and cheapest. j
Mr. DAVIS. Yes. i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I will also ask 1
the Senator from Mississippi to say what connec- '
tion with that bill that portion of the speech of the
Senator from Ohio has which relates to the em-
ployment of officers of the Army m civil service?
A great deal of it was devoted in that way, hav-
ir.g, as I humbly submit, no connection with the
subject before the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senator from Ohio, it is true,
devoted a large portion of his speech to the sec-
ond section of the bill, when it had been voted .
upon, when the question before the Senate was
entirely directed to thefiisl section, Hefollowed,
however, in the wake of the Senator from Rhode
Island, who -was seeking to protect private fac-
tories; that is to say, to narrow the question down ,
to one whether tUc militia should be allowed to
get arms from the public armories, or "whether
they should be compelled to pay the increased
price—increased price it is. as the record shows—
which they would have tu pay to private estab-
lishments. He hung upon mat proposition; and
treadingmtliefootstepsoftheSenatorfromRhode •
Island,"the Senator from Ohio argues here that the
first section and second section hang upon, and
are interwoven with, each other; whereas they
are pimly distinct, the one having no relation to
the other. He sought to sustain his position by
saying that, if the armories were worked up to the
full amount of their power, officers would be re-
quired to take charge of the manufacture. If he .
did not know, I take it for granted he is the only
Senator who did not know, that there are but two ,
armories, and that the bill looks merely to one su-
perintendent for each; and upon this he hung an-
other allegation 
Mr. PUGH. Let me say to the Senator that
he has now set up a man of straw, to knock him
o\er; for that was not niv proposition at all.
Mr. DAVIS. I thought it was a man of straw,
without any substance of fact. And then he hung
to this proposition another branch of his argu-
ment, that these officers ought to be out in the
Territories instead of being at the armories, and
in charge of the Treasury extension and the Cap-
itol. is it possible that the Senator did not know
that ordnance officers have no troops, and have
no command of troops; or is it possible he did .
not know that :m engineer officer was m charge
of the Treasury extension, and an officer of topo-
gniphica! engineers now m charge of the con- :
stinotion of tins Capitol; tkat neither the one :
officer nor the ether cojVkl have command of1
troops in the Territories, or anywhere else.' i
The Senator came in at the close of a debate,
and rose to go over the ground which liad been
discussed at an earlier portion of the day; that is
to say, as to the education of the officers which
qualified them to take charge of the armories; and
he assumed, what is not predicated upon any
existing fact, that officers are to be put in charge
of armories who never before knew anything of
machinery. Had lie paused with any care to
j consider who those officers were; had he stopped
i to learn the fact that they must be field officers of
1 ordnance to qualify them for any such command,
lie might have learned the other fact, that they
had been through the different arsenals owned by
the Government, and that in every arsenal of con-
struction there is a large amount of machinery;
and that those officers are there from their youth
up, trained to the examination and the conduot
of them. These two establishments, the only
two armories we have, are the commands of field
officers of that corps. It is the lieutenant, the
captain, who have previously served in the arse-
nal, and acquired that knowledge of machinery
which he supposes them not to have. They come
qualified, not merely by their original education,
but they come qualified also by their training as
ordnance officers. The bill does not propose to
assign to anybody but an ordnance officer the
charge of these armories.
All this subject has been gone over at an earlier
period; and I do not think it would be fair to the
Senate, I do not think it incumbent upon myself,
to repeat the arguments which have been made in
answer to others, and at the time when the ques-
tion was first presented and other Senators were
heard.
Mr. PUGH. I do not propose to repeat my
argument; but I propose to set myself right as to
three or four matters in regard to which the Sen-
ator from Mississippi has undertaken to instruct
me. Whether my vehemence ordinarily exceeds
his or not, I shall certainly leave to the judgment
of other Senators. I was perfectly aware, I did
not need to be informed by the Senator, that there
i were but two public armories in the United States;
j but liis own statement made to-day, and made
; upon a former occasion, shows that these institu-
1 tions only employ at present a very small portion
■ of the power which they are capable of exerting
: m the fabrication of arms; and this very bill was
■ founded on the idea 
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say a very small por-
tion. I stated it in exact numbers,
i Mr. PUGII. Well, state it now. Idonotrecol-
' lect the exaet statement.
I Mr. DAVIS. Nearly half; they now make
eighteen thousand stand of arms, and their ca-
! pacity is forty thousand.
i Mr. PUGH. Very well, then, one half. Then
the effective vigor of these two armories is to be
duplicated by the passage of this bill; and I said
that although there would be but one superintend-
ent to each institution, there would be plenty of
other officers for places found to be filled, assist-
■ ants and advisers and staff officers of every kind
; and description. You let one of these military !
' superintendents get there, and the others will find
a place to follow. _ i
; I did not say that an officer of ordnance might |
j not by his experience, might not by the peculiar
! character of his service, be fitted to be a superin-
1 tendent of an armory; but I replied to the argu-
i ment of the Senator from Maine. I did not
suppose that the Senator from Mississippi had
' monopolized all the argument on that side of the
1 question? The argument of the Senator from
Maine on the former occasion was, that wc cdu-
I cated those officers for that purpose. I say their
education does not qualify them for the duty of
1 practical superintendents, nor does their service i
! necessardy do It. It may, or may not. Nor does |
j this bill say that tlvy shall be field officers of ;
1 ordnance, but that tliey shall be selected " from ;
officers of the ordnance corps." _ !
Well, the Senator says, with some sort of ab- '
' solution for my ignorance, that the ordnance offi-
! eers have no troops, and therefore it is proposed
! to assign them to the armories; that the engineers
■ have no troops, and therefore one of them is as-
■ signed to the'Treasury extension; that the topo-
' Graphical engineers have no troops, and therefore
\ one of them is assigned to the Capitol extension.
! It is precisely that of which I complain. Theord-
I nance corps is supernumerary—the whole of it.
If I am not mistaken—I have made the statement
several times before, and I believe the Senator'
himself has not contradicted it—the very duty to
which we assign the ordnance corps in our Ariiay
is performed by the artillery in other services.
Your ordnance corps is the fifth wheel, of ,thfe
wagon, and that is the reason why you'wanf to
find employment for it. It is of no use. Muse
officers ought to have troops; and then, if they
had troops, they would be serving where troops'
are put to service.
I do not see any necessity, and I have heard
none in these discussions for two years, of the
two corps of engineers and topographical engi-
neers. 1 think they could well be consolidated,
and the number of officers vastly reduced; and
those officers, together with the officers of ord-
nance, ought to be transferred to the cavalry and
infantry regiments, and compelled to perform the
duty of soldiers, and not the duty of civil engi-
neers and superintendents and architects. - These
are not military duties, and they are simply used
by the Government of the United States and the
War Department to find employment for men
who would otherwise be superfluous in the ser-
vice. That is what I said, and the Senator from
Mississippi cannot escape from it. I shall not
undertake to speak in the presence of other Sen-
ators and of the public of those facts which are
not material to the argument. It is not worth
while to notice them, because I see no pertinence
in them. The very complaint I make is of these
staff corps. They are inordinate; they are unne-
cessary ; and whilst you keep them up and find this
employment for them in civil pursuits, there is
a continual clamor to increase the Army for actual
service m the field.
What I said of the connection of the first and
second section was this: that if the second sec-
tion stood alone, it would furnish places probably
at the utmost for two or three, or, at most, four
officers; but it was necessary to increase the em-
ployment at the armories in order to give increased
employment to these officers. That is the con-
nection between the first and second sections. I
did not argue upon the second section as if that
were before the Sonate to be stricken out—the
Senate has decided to retain it; but I argued on
the first section so far as that was connected with
the effect, if the second section was to be re-
tained. I do not understand why it is that the
the Senator from Mississippi should liave departed
from his ordinary line of argument, in charge of
the bill, to make so many reflections that he might
have considered were intended to bring me in some
sort of personal collision for objecting to his bill.
I certainly have a right to make an objection to
a bill; and so long as 1 do not state anything per-
sonally offensive, or reflecting on a Senator, or
impugning his motives or action, I do not think
I am amenable to his censure. I do not think it
is the usage or the propriety of the Senate for one
Senator, merely because objections are urged to
his bill, to indulge himself in expressions as to
the ignorance of other Senators. It is certainly
a style of language which I have never employed
towards the Senator, nor, if I recollect rightly, to
any other gentleman on this floor.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the Sen-
ator from Mississippi will not reply.
Mr. DAMS. Very well; ict us" vote.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I do not think
it is of any use to continue the discussion, and I
beg to suggest to Senators that they allow us to
take the vote. It is seldom that the friends of
the Administration make such a thin show here.
A great many of them are absent. The Senator
from Louisiana is not here, nor the Senatorfrom
Indiana, nor the Senator from Illinois, special
friends of the Administration. [Laughter.] The
country must be protected. Undoubtedly that
duty, which should be done, may be done some-
what by those who stand here as friends of the
Administration; and I hope very much we shall
be allowed to haveaiote, and that gentlemen will
not continue the discussion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not feel disposed to
move an adjournment again, after the former vote;
but I hope the Senator from Mississippi will allow
this bill to go over. I wish to prepare an amend-
ment, to the first section, which I cannot do to-
nieht.
jVIr DAVIS. Never have I urged upon any
Senator to vote upon any proposition which I sub-
