1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
reach the amount lost to the public revenue in that
post office for the last six years.
In 1853, when Mr. Fowler commenced his duties
as postmaster of New York, the clerks in the
post office at New York received $77,000 for sal-
aries. That was only six years ago. New York
has grown very little since that time. In 1855 the
payment for clerks there had increased to $98,000.
in 1857 it took an enormous leap up to $150,000,
aboutsixty per cent, increase in barely two years;
and in 1859 it had increased to $171,000. An in-
crease in seven years, in one single post office,
for clerk hire alone, of $100,000! And what is
more, sir, I state upon the very highest authority
that when the new postmaster took his place in
New York, he found what I was notified of last
winter—hut unfortunately the gentleman who gave
me the information would not authorize me to use
his name—that clerks-were receiving pay in that
office who never came there except on the first
day of the month, to receive their salaries—mere
sinecures; drawing money out of an exhausted
Treasury, and making a still larger deficit in this
branch of th? public service. Eleven years ago
the whole cost of clerk-hire in post offices in the
United States was $225,000; and you pay now in
New York and Philadelphia alone more than that
amount.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
Strike out line twenty-nine, a<s follows: "for blanks,
$61,00!);*' and insert m lieu thereof the following:
For papei^requiied for punting blanks $70,000.
For printing blanks $12,000
The amendment explains itself. We endeavor
to separate the cost of paper and printing. There
have been groat abuses, as we all know, in re-
gard to printing blanks. We endeavor to confine
the printing to a single item, so that it may be ex-
amined more readily.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX. I move to strike out the
words u for mail depredations and special agents,
$75,000;" and to inseit m lieu thereof the follow-
ing:
For mail depredations and special agents, $70,000: Pro-
vided. That fio'ii and after the l.^t of July, 1130, not more
than .$1,600 per annum shall be allowed to any special
agent ot the Post Office Depaitment, as compensation tor his
services: +diul provided further, That the touttli section of
an act entitled '• An act to puppjy deficiencies in the appio-
pnanons for lite service of the liscal yeai ending 30th June,
1850," approved May 3J. 1859, be and the same in hereby
repealed.
The amendment reduces the appropriation from
$75,000 to $70,000, and repeals that provision of
law that authorizes the Post Office Department to
pay $5,000 to the special agent in California, put-
ting him on a par with other special agents. I
willstato further, that a provision reducing the pay
of the California agent passed both branches at
the first session of the last Congress: but the Post
Office bill was sent to a committee of conference,
and in some mysterious way it slipped out. It
passed again last session, but the Post Office ap-
propriation bill failed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I move to add,
after the words "for miscellaneous payments,
$200,000," the following;
And it is hereby made the duty of the Postmaster Gcn«
eral to accompany his annual estimate in each year with
a detailed statement of the disbursements undei this head
the preceding year.
This ltenVof appropriation of "miscellaneous
payments" has grown up in the Department for
the reason that there was seen to be no other way
to keep the accounts. They charge to this ac-
count whatever cannot properly be carried to any
'other. It is a neccssary appropriation, I believe;
and, in the last Congress, I went with the gen-
tleman from Georgia [Mr. Crawford] to the
Department to examine into this matter as far as
we could. I think the appropriation ought to be
made; and yet it is an anomaly. There is no re-
straint upon it unless the amounts disbursed under
it are reported to Congress. Other appropriations
arc made for specific objects. This is made, so
to speak, for things in general; and if Congress
would retain control of the money, the items of
expenditure made out of the approptiation should
be brought here every year and examined.
Mr. LEACII, of North Carolina. I move to
strike out the whole item for miscellaneous pay-
ments.
The CHAIRMAN. That takes precedence of
the amendment of the gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. I have but
a word to say in support of my amendment. It
seems to me that, inasmuch as there arc liberal
allowances made here for all the mail service, and
considering the condition of the United States
Treasury, the debt upon the people, and the
means taken to pay that debt, this miscellaneous
appropriation sboukl be stricken out entirely; and
I hope it will be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I send to the Clerk's desk
a letter which shows the various items included
under this head. I will say to the gentleman from
North Carolina, that it is found necessary to ap-
propriate a considerable sum of money for mis-
cellaneous items, I agree with the gentleman
from Michigan, that there ought to be a detailed
report made at every session of Congress as to
these miscellaneous items of expenditure. I
looked through all the documents, and could not
find anywhere a detailed statement. I addressed
a communication to the Post Office Department,
and received the answer whicji I now ask to have
read. It explains itself; but as the letter is gen-
eral in its terms, I hope the amendment of the
gentleman from Michigan will be adopted.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Post Office Department,
Finaxce Office, June 1, 1860.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you that the following
items of expenditure constitute the account for " miscella-
neous," to wit: officc-rent, lights, sUitionery, fuel, expense
of fitting up office.^ connected with custom-houses owned
by the Government, repairs on offices under lease to the
Government, attorneys', marshals", and clerks'services in
civil cases, and all other expense-' incident to cariying on
bu'-inees, fcuch porterage, cleaning, &c.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
A. N. ZEVELY,
Third Assistant Postmaster General.
Hon. Joiix Sherman,
Chairman Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. There is not
a single specification m that letter, and I hope the
whole item will be stricken out.
The amendment offered by Mr. Leach, of
North Carolina, was not agreed to.
Mr. LEACH, of Michigan. I now move to
amend by striking out " §5200,G00" and inserting
" $100,000."
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that the De-
partment has expended during the last year, under
this head, about one hundred and eighty-five thou-
sand dollars. Whether it was properly expended
or not, of courso is a matter I cannot show.
Mr. COLFAX. If we reduce the amount to
$100,000, and the Department expends $185,000,
we shall have to make up the amount in a defi-
ciency bill next year. I sec no propriety in doing
that. If the gentleman will modify his amend*-
ment so as to fix the appropriation at $150,000,
I am willing to vote for it: but I do not think it
would be expedient to reduce the amount as low
as $100,000.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to know whether
this item of appropriation is in conformity with
the estimate? If the sum of $200,000 is to be ex-
pended, I think we might as well have it appro-
priated now, as to put it into a deficiency bill at
the next session.
Mr. COLFAX. I think the entire sum will,
perhaps, be expended if appropriated, but that we
might, with safety, perhaps, reduce the amount to
$150,000. I move to amend the amendment by
fixing it at that sum.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Howard, of Michigan; and
being taken, the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX, by direction of the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, submitted the
following amendment:
Strike out lines forty and forty-one, and insert, as fol-
lows :
That from and after the 30th of June, 3860, the charge
for the delivery of Jetteis by earners shall be one cent each,
and no more, the whole of which shall be paid to them for
their services; and the Postmaster General may establish
bo\<*n for the delivoiy of lettei ^ at the out-idc.stations in the
-uburbs of cities, provided it can be done without lu>s to
the Department or injury to the service; and any net rev-
enue derived Iroin the lent of said boxes maj be applied by
i him towaids the increase of the earners' fund, or the ex-
pense of collecting letters, as he may deem just or equi-
table.
Mr. COLFAX. Thisappropriationof$187,000
for the pay ment of letter-carriers is perfectly need-
less. You have provided by law that the charges-
of letter-carriers shall not exceed two cents per
letter. This amount is received by the camdts
from the people, paid in by them to the post of-
fice, and therr all paid out again to the carriers or
to the collectors of letters. The Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads propose to redace?
the sum received by the letter-carriers in all the
cities to what it is in the city of Boston—one cent
per letter. I have here a letter from the postmas-
ter of Boston, in which he says the one-cent sys-
tem in that city has been a perfect success. In
1849, when Hon. Cave Johnson was Postmaster
General, he endeavored to establish the carriers'
rate at one cent; but in consequence of the com-
bination of the letter-carriers in New York and
Philadelphia, he was able to establish it only in
the city of Boston. In New York, Philadelphia,
and the other cities, they stiU retain the letter-
carriers' rate at two cents per letter; and I have
before me a statement showing that many of them
receive an annual compensation for this work of
sixteen or eighteen hundred dollars a year. Now
we think that if they can obtain reliable men in
Boston to act as carriers at one cent per letter,
they can do the same in New York and Philadel-
phia. In New York, competent men are em-
ployed at from ten to eleven dollars per week to
collect letters, who have to work as hard and to
be as competent and responsible men as the let-
ter-carriers, who receive so much larger pay.
Under this reduced rate, the carriers in the larger
cities will receive from eight to fourteen hundred
dollars per year; and we are informed that per-
fectly competent and reliable men can be employed
for that sum.
M r. STEWART, of Maryland. Has the Post-
master General approved this amendment?
Mr. COLFAX. The First Assistant, Mr.
King, was at first rather disposed not to express
any opinion on the subject; but the Postmaster
General has always favored it, and has recently
informed me that he believes the system can be
carried out successfully.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
if the Department cannot, under existing law,
carry out the system which he proposes: Upon
what principle does the Department now act ?
Mi. COLFAX. Under the existing law, two
cents are charged for letters delivered by the letter-
earners, one half cent each for newspapers, and
one cent for drop letters. The postmasters pay
some ten dollars and a half per week to the per-
sons employed for collecting letters, and the bal-
ance of the money collected as carriers' fees is
paid over to the letter-carriers.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Then, you will ob-
serve, the effect of the gentleman's proposition is
to rcduce the compensation, and, to the same ex-
tent, diminish the quality of the agents em-
ployed. Now, sir, I think there is no good rea-
son or argument to justify such a proposition.
The persons who get these letters are perfectly
willing to pay two cents apiece, or they would go
to the office themselves. A great many of then* do
go to the post office for their own letters, and
those who receive them from the carriers are
willing, of course, to pay a sum sufficient to em-
ploy men of integrity. I think this eternally
tinkering with our legislation persistently is per-
nicious in its effects.
Mr. COLFAX. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will merely suggest that the letter-carriers
in Boston are quite as responsible and efficient as
those in New York. In Boston, only one cent
per letter is paid for delivery, and $800 is the
maximum received by the letter-carriers.
I will further remark that in adopting this
amendment, you strike a golden mean between
the system already in existence here and the Brit-
ish system. By'the British system, the Govern-
ment carries letters eight or ten times a day in the
city of London, to the houses of the recipients,
free of charge; and the result is that the London
post office building is the quietest public building
m that city. Wc do not propose to do that; but
when letters can be carried for one cent each, and
the men carrying them can make agood living at
that, with half a cent for newspapers, which is
the rate paid under the present law, we think it
