1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1895
fetake the running property of those who refused
the captors the equality guarantied by the Con-
stitution and the justice demanded by the spirit
of the Government.
In the second place, having, b.y the resolutions
of annexation, conceded to Texas, with a title to
less than one hundred and seventy thousand square
miles of territory, the astounding right to multi-
ply her power—to divide and subdivide herself
into at least five slave States, to be represented
by at least ten Senators.—we, in the flooding of
grateful hearts, but with eyes blinded as by cata-
racts, made her a free gift of additional domain,
sufficient in extent to constitute two States as
large as Ohio, and bound the public Treasury to
pay her ten million dollars and interest, that she
might the sooner avail herself of the monstrous
prerogatives conferred upon her.
In the third place, although the father of " the
compromise measures" declared that slavery did
not exist, by law, in any of the territory acquired
from Mexico, the doimmd was mode and agreed
to, that it might be extended over Utah and New
Mexico, comprising near half a million square
miles of surface. In a word, these were the hu-
miliating concessions made to the South as far
back as 3850r'not in return for acts of grace or
good will; but, seemingly, as a propitiation for
the enormity of having petitioned for aplainright.
Such is the statesmanship of barratry and the
statesmanship of bungle, over which praises have
been sung to cover up disgraec.
The South have a settled policy; the North have
none. The South have the policy of sectional in-
terest and advantage; the North lack even that
of consistent and persistent opposition. When
they wouid make oblations to their peculiar in-
stitution, they clothe themselves in the mantle of
a pretended patriotism,and declaim on the sacred-
upss of the Constitution; but when we venture to
p&k a sustaining hand for ours, they would dis-
figure us by attempts to ^ird us with sackcloth,
and filling our ears with the yelp and taunt of
And I should like some one to
ijvimc to me a President who, withj-i the Li-:t de-
cade, at least, has not contemptuously turned his
back upon those to whom he promised fairness,
whose votes were necessary to his promotion
and who really constitute the right arm of the na-
tion. Let him be named, if possible, for I con-
fess I have never known him, even by repute.
They haveall—yes, all—been living commentaries
upon the insecurity of platform professions and
the spirit of submission, if not forgiveness, in the
betrayed elector. The presentExccutive hasnot
so much rendered himself notorious by his mere
partiality, as he has by the disgusting subservi-
ency displayed in his rule. His cajolery and de-
ception as a candidate have only b°en excelled
by his cynical demeanor to his true friends, as an
officer. He has valued phrases of flattery above
the honest support :of disinterested friendship,
and prefers retirement, amid the execration of his
neighbors, to the eulogies which wait upon faith-
ful service. A self-relying and self-sustaining
manhood would induce him to look above and
beyond the artificial or painted horizon by which
the trickster seeks to limit his vision, and not al-
low himself to he made a partisan and dupe. But
when we find our confidence betrayed, and de-
cency insulted, let us not blink the cause. Those
communities which, harmonized by a common
concern, take advantage of our want of unity and
purpose, impress the placeman and spoilsman
with the notion that they hold the keys of honor
and of fortune. There is something here to study
and to learn.
ThcSouth have necessities, and actupon them.
The North have necessities, and sink into dreamy
slumber. Wcfail to observe the steady stoppings
of the invader, but get into a frightful bustle when
his guns begin to thunder at our city walls. The
South are vociferous for party as long as its ma-
chinery works unerringly to their advantage. The
North arc satisfied with declarations of a govern-
mental policy, without regard to its success; and
<-xult over piatforms whilst all their embodied
principles are being violated. I cannot sanction
the course pursued either by the South or by the
North; it is unfair, it is un just. That of the South
issectional and aggressive; that of the North yield-
ing and self-destructive. Deprecating anarchy and
war, I desire, above all things, an honest main-
tenance of the compact between these United
States in its integrity. Sustaining Democracy, I
protest against its being made a catch and a cheat.
Born and living in one of the most powerful, pros-
perous, intelligent, and generous ofthe free States,
I will not admit a right of superiority over our
citizens, either by nature, education, or grace.
In 1856 there was nothing better understood
than the doctrines and pledges of the national
Democracy. They were plainly written, and re-
ceived but one interpretation. Popular sover-
eignty oj-tr all domestic institutions was declared
to be as perfect and complete in the resident of a
Territory as in the citizen of a State; and that
party bound itself to its faithful maintenance. If
it was sound and undeniable before the election,
it was not the less so afterwards. But no; itfailed
in practice. It failed to accomplish what it was
believed by many it would accomplish, and there-
fore it was repudiated. It failed to give Kansas
to slavery. Itfailed to make eight million men,
without industrial habits and colonizing capacity,
superior to eighteen million with these auxilia-
ries, in their race for new sovereign ties; and thence-
forward it was enrolled in the catalogue of hum-
bugs. It foiled to aid the sectional purposes of
the South, and thenceforward to favor it became
heterodox; and all who have done so, from that
day to this, have been branded with treason and
trodden down beneath the iron heel of a fear-
struck, renegade President. The end ought to
have been seen from the beginning. On the 19tli
of March, 1856, when this doctrine was at the
flood-tide of its popularity, I ventured to use this
language here:
"Sir, the supporters of that bill [the Kansas-Nebraska
bill] have proclaimed to tbc nation that the Territories
of the United States are to constitute 1 a fa.r field,' and that
there is to be 1 a tree fight' there, between tile North and
the South, to decide whethei tlaveiy O) ljeodom shall rule
them. If the energ\,the enterprise, the active mode* of
life, the available capita!, and the numbeis of the North,
shall not be able to compete successfully with their oppo-
sites in the Houtb, and --ere r-' freedom to the Territories,
then I will admit that tlieie i; a vitality and a power in sla-
ve : y which we ofthe \'o::ii have never dreamed ot in niv
oj-i;.,on, the ll^pie. en.Uitivej of the South in t'ie Thtrty-
Tiuid Congress ' have sown the fire, and they will gather
fire into tlieir own gainers.'"
I have only to add, that the correctness of my
views has been proven at an earlier day than I
then anticipated, and that the pang of repentance
now comes too late. The choice to-be made by
the South —jnd I admit it is for them a severe
one.—is between the rigid observance of existing
law, which will shut out slavery from the Terri-
tories by a popular vote, and congressional inter-
vention directly to exclude it. The next census,
if fairly taken, will show such a preponderance
of population on the side of the North as to con-
vince the most skeptical on this point.
But there are more appalling evidences of the
sectionalism I charge. m These are found in acts
of glaring lawlessness* and disorder, and in the
determination to cripple and impoverish northern
labor.
Sir, there are eighteen States of this Union, and
soon there will be twenty-three, extending from
the Atlantic to the Pacific, and across fifty-eight
degrees of longitude, teeming with millions of
men, controlling and directing the literature, com-
merce, agriculture, manufactures, and mechanic
arts, of the whole country; fruitful in peace and
able for war, who will not soon forget the early
history ofKansas, and the suffering of their friends
and kinsmen there through violence and fraud.
It was there the lesson was industriously taught
and fully learned that the rightful rule ofthe peo-
ple over all their institutions meant but the sanc-
tion and acceptance of slavery; and that a Presi-
dent of the United States could be as false as other
men. It was there the people ascertained, for the
first time, that the power to form and regulate in-
stitutions, conferred upon them by their organic
act, and which Mr. Buchanan informed them
had ail especial reference to slavery, would con-
fer sovereignty or deny it, just as its exercise
might be congenial oruiicongenial to slavery; that
the people of a Territory were under a constitu-
tional obligation lo legislate for its benefit, but
could, u uder no cii cumstances, legislate against it;
that d Territory was virtually a slave State; that
popular sovereignty, which before an election was
admitted to be alike m State and Territory, was a
naked right and obligation to assist the Sout.i
against the North ma contest between them, which
was to end in the -superiority of the one and the
inferiority of the .other; and that when a majdr-
ity, deceived by artifice, would not consummate
the dishonesty, it should'be perfected by ruffian
invasion, stuffed ballot-boxes-; and this bayonets
of the Federal Army. These States not be
likely to overlook all this. When' they shall do
so, their future will be- made tip, and might as
well be written out. s ;
Unfortunately, it is not permitted us longer to
doubt the existence of southern sectional schemes,
and of the inefficiency alike of laws, treaties, and
proprieties to restrain them: In the infancy and
innqcency of the Republic, the inhumanity, crim-
inality, and impolicy of the slave trade were"ad-
mitted and denounced under severe penalties; now,
however, intelligence, character, influence; and
wealth, aredirected in itsfavor. Although the Con-
stitution looked to its suppression after the year
1808, the statutes made in pursuance thereof are
treated as unconstitutional, without any adjudica-
tion against them, and rewards offered to the de-
praved and venal to treat them as nullities. How
this conduct may appear to others, I cannot say;
but to my mind it. looks to the destruction of Gov-
ernment, and comcs with an exceedingly ill grace
from a quarter appealing to a few in the North,
equally extreme m their notions, to love and abide
by the law. Federal courts fail to punish'the of-
fenders; and he who all his life has breathed'the
air of freedom, and sworn to execute the laws,
gives to them ihe strongest manifestations of his
approbation and esteem. This movement, car-
rying with it, as it does; the plainest admission
that the South require additional laborWculti-
vate their lands; indeed, that their necessities in
this respect are so overruling as to constrain
them forcibly to subvert the very foundations
of all safe government, does not restrain them
from the significant absurdity of demanding for
their slaves not merely\he territory already be-
longing to the nation, but even Cuba, Central
America, and Mexico. If the South-have any
reason for aiding, encouraging, and shielding the
filhbuster, which they are willing to declare, it
is found, unquestionably, in this pretense. This
is, then,their position,and to the maintenance of
which, as I infer, they mean, sooner or later, to
commit the Democratic party, and to have recog-
nized by congressional action. It maybe thus
plainly stated: slaves are now so high in price,
and lands so low, as to show a great demand for
the former; and therefore tho foreign slave trade
must be renewed, and the laws abolishing it re-
pealed. Then, again, slave territory must be
added, to afford an outlet for surplus labor; and,
to acquire it, treaties must be broken down, the
national honor tarnished, and the country, if needs
be, embroiled iit servile, civil, and foreign wars.
Here, I presume, we are to look for that true con-
servative nationalism which; under the patroniz-
ing guidance of Presidents, Cabinets, and small
officials, brands northern devotion to the Union,
the Constitution, tho laws, and the sound prin-
ciples of republican government, as sectional and
unfriendly. Such demands must be resisted to
the last. They can mean but one thing; and, un-
checked, they can end in but one thing—unlimited
slavery expansion and the subjection of the North.
Southern statesmen and politicians resting upon
the conclusion to force slavery into the mastery
over freedom, the North is not only to be shackled,
but weakened by starvation. Directing all their
efforts to erect a line of slave battlements around
the free States, we could scarcely expect them to
strengthen our means of resistance, and conse-
quently we must not be surprised to find all kindly
and genial legislation denied us. Those who see
nothing significant in the failure here, or in the
Senate, of all measures conducive to the interests
of northern capital and labor, arc invariably the
least reflective of our people, and those who are
mostsafely relied upon to make up party conven-
tions, and so to shape their facesas to receive a mas-
ter's smile. The North ask but a fair share of the
benefits of Government, and they will soon have
it, in thconly way by which it should be reached:
by doing equal and exact justice, and by forcing
others to follow their example. It is possible, I
know, that, mortified by defeat, those who drive
us to this resolve may desire to follow the exam-
ple of Sardanapalus, to fire the temple and perish
m the flames; but we will save both it and them.
Sii, this discussion has been to me by no moans
a pleasant one; but the general charge of fanati-
