1896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. -
May 1,
cism so constantly thundered against the North,
because of mere individual delinquencies, has be-
come so nauseating that I have feit myself forced
into it. I have stated my facts and drawn my
conclusions. They are true and legitimate, and I
throw them before the country, desiring but an
impartial judgment upon them. I criminate the
accusers, and prove them guilty of the charge they
themselves prefer. The South are the accusers,
and sectionalism their accusation; and how can
they explain away the circumstances I have ar-
rayed against them—requiring the church to jus-
tify slavery; driving the- North into an acqui-
escence in their demands, that the Union may be
shielded; closing the doors against free States until
the capricious price fixed for their admission is
paid; proselyting Presidents to southern schcmes;
using the enunciations ofparty for local and selfish
purposes, by allowing or denying sovereignty to
the people, as their interests may incline; disre-
garding the most sacred compacts and statutes, in
reopening the slave trade and encouraging land
piracy to build up slave States; and withholding all
legislation favoring the growth and prosperity of
the North? Certain it is, if the North ever entered
the lists for sectional profit, they have been far
outstripped in the race.
Mr. Chairman, you value highly your title to
American citizenship, because it is honorable. It
has been made so by the natural operations of
the political system under which we live. Our
Constitution was framed in liberality and justice;
and until recently we have all rcverenced it. Its
humane principles, rather than soil and climate,
have made us a great nation. It recognizes no
birthright prerogatives, and disposes, as far as
possible, of all artificial distinctions between men.
It records no single selfish thought; on the con-
trary, its philanthropy is as broad as the earth.
It has made our country a father to the fatherless,
a refuge for the pursued and persecuted—-the cita-
del of freedom. It has doubled our population,
peopled new States, increased productive enter-
prise, vindicated its origin, and established the
sacred character of its mission. As far as human
forecast can discover, the only obstacle in the
broad road of empire which Providence seems to
have marked out for us, is the conflictof sectional
institutions and interests. If this cannot be pre-
vented, it certainly need not be encouraged. I
have no right, directly or indirectly, to interfere
with the domestic establishments of my friend in
South Carolina, and 1 deny his right to interfere
with mine. We are both .shielded by the same
law. If mine have merits to recommend them
above his, and powers and influence beyond his,
that is his ill fortune or his ill choice, and he must
not quarrel with me on that account, much less
contend that his shall be accepted. Early Chris-
tianity disturbed the business of Demetrius, less-
ening the demand for silver shrines; but he was
not justified on thataccount foi insisting upon the
worship of Diana. Each must be left to the peo-
ple for their unrestricted acceptance or rejection,
as advantage, convenience, or fancy may dictate.
They will eventually dispose of all such difficul-
ties, whether we will it or not.
It is popular power, sir, that has made us
what we are; it will lead us on to a dazzling future.
Jn the meantime, men will have nightmares,and
awake to blissful realities; prophecies of disaster
will be made and falsified; faith will fail and be
restored; embarrassments will be interposed and
brushed away. Even now, no ocean strand limits
the force of our example. We havu a written
history without a parallel in the annalsof our race.
We have touched fhe disguises of tyranny as
with the spear of Ithuriel. After six thousand
years of unavailing effort, it was reserved for us
to truthfully map and define the political attri-
butes of man. In tlnee quarters of a century we
have advanced from a few feeble colonies to numer-
ous and mighty States. From the wilderness we
have carved out the fruitful field, cultivated the
products of all soils and climates, and fed starv-
ing millions. We have built more cities than
Thebes had gates; invented steamboats and tele-
graphs; made railroads; opened mines: and, by
the oid of the mechanical genius of our people,
are on the eve of supplying the world with the
fruits of our arts. We now stand in the front
rank of earthly Powers—not as a nation of war-
riors, born to the work of death, hut as a nation
of wcr) educated to the trades of life; not degen-
erated and loaded with chains, but in perfect stature
and unfettered will. Shall all this be sacrificed to
the weakness of the foolish, the aspirations of the
selfish, or the machinations of the wicked ? The
public heart responds quickly to mine, " Never!
no, never!" and there is safety.
Mr. MILLSON. Mr. Chairman, it is not often
that I engage in the discussion of questions not
connected with measures of instant and necessary
legislation, but belonging only to the past history
of the country, or questions of mere speculation
and theory; but I feel that I ought not to allow
the very glaring errors of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Hickman] to pass without an
attempt, at least, to correct them. The gentleman
has made many and grievous complaints against
the South. I suppose by the South, he means
those States of the Union in which the institu-
tion of domestic slavery prevails; and in the cat-
alogue of his charges against the South, he places
most prominently what he calls the compromise
measures of 1850. Sir, I ought not to be sur-
prised, perhaps, that gentlemen upon this floor
should denounce the compromise measures of
1850; but I have a right to be surprised that such
denunciation should come from the North. Some
of those measures the gentleman was pleased to
speak of in highly laudatory terms; and it is plain
that, as to them, his complaint is against the course
pursued by the southern members who opposed
them. Re complains that the Representatives
from the southern States used their earifcst efforts
to defeat the passage of the bill admitting Cali-
fornia into the Union. lie says, not very cour-
teously and not very charitably, that the opposi-
tion of the southern members was induced wholly
by the refusal of the people of California to es-
tablish slavery in that State.
Mr. Chairman, I have often felt surprised that
any member of the Thirty-First Congress should
have given his vote for the admission of Califor-
nia; and that .surprise was occasioned by the fact
that I was not disposed, as the gentleman has
been, to indulge in uncharitable constructions of
northern sentiment an (J northern motives, and
conclude that those who voted for the admission
of California only did so because slavery was
excluded from that State. Perhaps it may be haul
to suggest any othei motive for the conduct of
thohu men at that time; and yet, if gentlemen dis-
claim the imputation, 1 will not seek to apply it.
Under what circumstances was the application
made for the admission of California into the
Union, and why was it opposed by some members
upon this floor? I claim the right to speak for at
least one of those members. I did regard the cir-
cumstances attending the introduction of Califor-
nia into this Union as involving one of the greatest
outrages ever perpetrated upon the Constitution;
and 1 aver, with all sincerity, that no part of my
opposition to the admission of California arose
from the exclusion of slavery in the constitution
of that State. Here way a territory belonging to
the United States, acquired by conquest and pur-
chase from the Republic of Mexico. Congress
had formed no territorial government there. It
was the right of Congress to refuse to establish a
territorial government there. It was the property
of the States of this Union; and the Representa-
tives of the people of those States had, if they
pleased, the right to refuse to establish a territorial
govr i nment, whatever may have been the occasion
of their failure to do so.
Under those circumstances, what did we see 5
Why,the inhabitants ofouvterritory, notdivided
into legislative districts, not having their right to
vote defined by any enactment either of the Fed-
eral Legislature, or of any local Legislature, with-
out having any bounds or limits prescribed, un-
dertaking to meet together, to nominate delegates,
m such numbers as they chose, and to organize
a convention to frame what they called a consti-
tution for the State of California. And all this
they did under the dictation of a military com-
mander. It was, in other words, a State created
by a regimental order; and that State was intro-
duced into this community of sovereigns by a
majority of the votes of this House. What right
has the gentleman from Pennsylvania to assume
that the votes of the southern members upon that
occasion were controlled by their opposition to
the exclusion of slavery by the people calling
themselves the State of California?
Again, sir, the gentleman refers to the course
of members upon the Texas boundary bill. The
gentleman has complained that this Government—
the South, as he says—gave to Texas territory
enough to fornr three States, and gave from the
public Treasury also the sum of $10,000,000.
Sir, I can excuse the gross error into which the
gentleman has fallen, as he was not personally
connected with the Government of the United
States at that time, and therefore he may claim
to be pardoned for his misstatement. Does not
the gentleman know that the State of Texas be-
came a member of the American Union claiming
a boundary to the Rio Grande? What right had
the Government of the United States to abate
any portion of the demand made by Texas her-
self? The complaint which southern members
had the right to make, and which they actually
did make, was, that Congress passed that very-
law, which the gentleman referred to as evidence
of aggression by the South upon the North,
Docs the gentleman speak adviscaly when he says
that the South favored the passage of the Texas
boundary bill? Does not the gentleman know
that perhaps a majority of the Representatives of
the South voted against the passage of that meas-
ure ? I know I did; and I believe that a majority
of my colleagues voted against it; and yet, though
the fact was that the Texas boundary bill was
resisted more earnestly by the South than perhaps
any other measure, he actually charges against
the South the passage of that bill, and speaks of
it as an aggression upon the North.
Sir, I had the right to complain, I did complain,
and I always have complained, that, by the legis-
lation of this Government, a large portion of the
territory of Texas, which by the articles of an-
nexation was slaveholding territory, was dedi-
cated to free soil; and that $10,000,000 taken from
the public Treasury was paid to the State of Texas
for this surrender of slaveholding territory. I
have never doubted or denied that the measure
was one highly advantageous to the Common-
wealth of Texas; but I utterly deny that the gen-
tleman has any right to refer to that act as evidence
of unfiiendly feeling or unfriendly legislation upon
the part of southern members. The State of Texas
came into the Union with her claim of boundary;
and the gentleman ought to know that there is no
power under the Constitution in the Federal Gov-
ernment to abate one inch of the claim preferred
by that State at the moment of her becoming a
member of this Confederacy.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him whether, accord-
ing to his knowledge of the fact, at the time of
annexation there was one Texan settlement or a
slave beyond the Nueces, and this side of the Rio
Grande ? I heard General Taylor say that, when
he and Doniphan conquered that territory, no
Texan foot had been beyond the Nueces.
Mr.MILLSON. Ifthcwholecountryhad been
a howling wilderness, it would not, in any degree,
have affected the right or obligation of the United
States. Texas had become a member of this
Union, claiming certain boundaries. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, who last addressed the
Chair, will not pretend to affirm that it was within
the competency of the Federal Government to de-
termine upon the boundary of a State. Even when
the northeastern boundary treaty was negotiated,
by which a portion of the territory of Maine was
conceded to belong to Great Britain, it required
the assent of the Legislatures of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts toconsummatethatarrangernent. And
whatever may have been the state of the ques-
tion, whatever may have been the ability of Texas
to maintain her claim, she came into the Union
with that claim; and it was the duty of the Fed-
eral Government to protect her to the extent of
that demand.
I say, then, that this was a concession of terri-
tory by the State of Texas to be dedicated to free
soil under the operation of that bill. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania now before me, [Mr.
Stevens,] a member of the Thirty-First Congress,
understood well that that was the effect of the
Texas boundary bill. I agree with both those
gentlemen in their opposition to that bill. They
were not more earnest in their opposition to that
measure than I was myself; and it is clearly a per-
version of the true state of things to represent the
passage of that bill as indicating an unfriendly and
hostile sentiment upon the part of southern men
I towards the North.
