052'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
mitted, if ho asked for delay. If the Senatorfrom
Maine desires to offer an amendment, I "shall not
press the bill to a vote now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr BINGHAM. I move that the Senate
adjourn
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.   
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 1, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. R. P. Cutler
The journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. ADRAIN. I rise to a questioti of privi-
lege.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the Com-
missioner of Patents, transmitting, agreeably to
the design of Congress as indicated in the clause of
the act of March 3, 1859, " for collection of ag-
ricultural statistics, investigations for promoting
agriculture and rural economy, and the procur-
ing of cuttings and seeds," the annual agricul-
tural report of his office; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
CLERK'S ANNUAL REPORT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
presented to the House the annual report of the
Clerk of the House of Representatives, in rela-
tion to the disbursement of the contingent fund
of the House; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
REPORT 3?ROM TOE COURT OF CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
presented to the House the report of the Court of
Claims, adverse, in the cases of Sarah B. Webber,
administratrix of John A. Webber, vs. The United
States; J, Eddy's heirs vs. The United States;
Charles A. Dubois De Luchet vs. The United
States; and John H. Merrill vs. The United States;
which were, under the rules,placed upon the Pii-
vate Calendar, and ordered to bo printed.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. CARTER. I rise to a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. Docs the Chair understand
that the gentleman from New Jersey rose to a
question of privilege?
Mr. ADRAIN. I did.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
New Jersey is entitled to bo heard first.
Mr. DAVIS, oflndiana. I ask the gentleman
from New Jersey to yield to me a moment.
Mr. ADRAIN. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I move that the Com-
mittee on Public Lands be discharged from the
further consideration of the papers relating to the
claim of ihe Methodist Episcopal Missionary So-
ciety of Oregon, and that the same be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ADRAIN I rise to make a personal ex-
planation.
Mr. CARTER  I rise to a question of privi-
Tho SPEAKER. The Speaker has recognized
the gentleman from New Jersey.
Mr. ADRAIN. I rise, as one of the committee
appointed by this House to make arrangements
for the inauguration of the equestrian statue of
General Washington, to reply to a resolution of-
fered the other day by the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Carter,] casting a censure upon the
committee appointed for that purpose.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I rise to a question of
order upon the gentleman from New Jersey. It
is, that this is not a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey rises to a question of privilege, and he will
state it as briefly as possible.
Mr. ADRAIN. My point is, that the official
character of a committee of this House has been
censured; and it is laid down in the Manual that,
whenever that is the case, the committee, or a
member of the committee, may rise to a personal
explanation.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I hope the gentleman will
have the resolution to which he referred road, so
that we' may see whether this is a case which
comes under the rule. If it does, I shall have no
objection
Mr. ADRAIN. I have no objection to the
reading of the resolution for the information of the
gentleman from Georgia.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey will understand that the resolution to which
he refers is not in the possession of the House.
It was offered, but, objection being made, it was
not received.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have no objection to
having this matter settled, if it is in order.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
gentleman from New Jersey will be allowed to
proceed.
Mr. LOVEJOY and Mr. FARNSWORTH
objected.
Mr. ADRAIN. I think it most unjust to the
character o£ that committee, and unjust to the
character of this House 
Mr. LOVEJOY. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. ADRAIN. That no explanation should
be permitted where an unjust censure has been
cast upon that committee.
The SPEAKER. Tlie Chair is compelled to
decide, if objection is insisted oil, that, as there is
no resolution before the House, no question of
privilege, such as that to which the gentleman
from New Jersey refers, can be raised, and there-
fore he is not in order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The gentleman from New
Jersey complains of injustice, and therefore I will
state the reason why I object. It is, that the gen-
tleman from New Jersey may go on and make
his explanation, and as soon as the gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr.KEiTT,] another mem-
ber of that committee, returns, he may rise to a
question of privilege on the same subject, and
address the House also. I think the subject had
better be postponed until both gentlemen are in
their seats.
Mr. ADRAIN. I do not know that the gen-
tleman from South Carolina, in his deep affliction,
will desire to address this House. There is no
evidence of that fact.
The SPEAKER. If there be noobjection, the
gentleman from New Jersey will be heard.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object.
Mr. LOVEJOY. How many times is it neces-
sary to object before the Speaker understands that
a thing is objected to ?
Mr. ADRAIN. I desire to say that the gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Keitt] is de-
sirous that this matter should be brought up, and
that I should be heard upon it.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is called for, which is the call of committees
for reports. Reports are in order from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. CARTER. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. Certain remarks have been made in this
House reflecting upon me, and I desire now to be
heard.
Mr. PHELPS. I call the gentleman from New
York to order.
Mr. ADRAIN. I hope the gentleman from
New York will be heard.
Objection was made.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed an act (H. R.
No. 3) making appropriations for the payment of
invalid and other pensions of the United. States,
for the year ending June 30, 1861.
Also, that the Senate did, on the 29th of Febru-
ary, 1860, at twenty-three minutes of two o'clock,
order the publication of the resolutions of the
Legislative Assembly of the Territory of Kansas,
in favor of a speedy admission of Kansas into
the Union as a State, underthe constitution formed
at Wyandotte.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. ADRAIN. Am I entitled to the floor, Mr.
Speaker?
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why, Mr. Speaker, the
Committee of Ways and Means has been called
for reports. That is the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness has been called for, which is the reception of
reports from the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. PHELPS. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means t.o report back a bill
with an amendment.
Mr. CARTER. Is there any objection to my
stating my question of privilege ?
Mr. ADRAIN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Carter] has risen to a privileged
question for the purpose of enabling me to speak.
Mr. PHELPS. I object to all these proceed-
ings.
The SPEAKER*. Reports are in order from
the Committee of Ways and Means.
ASSAY OFFICE IN ST. LOUIS.
Mr. PHELPS, from the Committee of Ways
and Means, reported back, with an amendment,
a bill (H. R. No. 135) to establish an assay office
in the city of St. Louis, in the State of Missouri;
which was referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union and ordered to be
printed.
ABOLITION OP LAND OFFICES.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, reported the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be re-
quested to inquire into the expediency of abolishing a por-
tion of the land offices ofthe United States, or whether the
expenses of said offices may be reduced, with leave to
report by bill or otheiwise.
OVERFLOWED LANDS ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I desire to ask leave of
the House to allow me to offer a resolution for the
appointment of a select committee to which may
be referred the memorial of a number of citizens
of Tennessee and Kentucky, in regard to the in-
undation of their lands on the Mississippi river.
Mr. HOUSTON. Send up the resolution, and
let us hear what it is.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I would state that the me-
morial asks such action on the part of Congress
as may be deemed proper; and, as the subject is
not, perhaps, appropriate to any one of the stand-
ing committees, I desire that it may be referred to
a select committee. The memorial has reference
to the fact that the lands on the left bank of that
river, in the States of Tennessee and Kentucky,
have been overflowed, and great damage done by
the building of levees on the Missouri and Arkan-
sas side, in consequence of the direct action of the
Federal Government. This is the memorial ofthe
citizens that have been affected thereby. I ask
that it be referred to a select committee of five
members.
Mr. COBB. I object to the introduction of that
resolution, if the subject is to be referred to a spe-
cial committee. I have no objection to its going
to one of the standing committees of the House.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Very well; the objection
comes from the right side of the House. That is
just what I expected. [Laughter.]
Mr. AVERY. I hope the gentleman from Ala-
bama will withdraw his objection.
Mr. COBB. I have heard the remark of the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Ethehidge,]
and I repeat, that if the subject be referred to one
of the standing committees I have no objection.
If the gentleman can make political capital out of
that, he is welcome to it.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. Well, I ask that the me-
morial may be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. COBB. I have no objection.
It was so referred.
TENNESSEE RIVER IMPROVEMENT.
Mr. ELY, from the Committee of Claims, re-
ported back, without amendment, a bill (H. R. No.
89) to liquidate the unadjusted contracts of the
Tennessee river improvement; which was referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
WILLIAM BROWN.
Mr. WALTON, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of William Brown;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed.
BENJAMIN GREGG.
Mr. WALTON, from the same committee, pre-
sented an adverse report on the petition of Benja-
min Gregg; which was-laid on the table, and or-
dered to dc printed.
