2840
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
is proper that the system be made general. In
reference to the latter clause of the amendment,
I have here a letter from the acting Postmaster
General, recommending1, in substance, the provis-
ion. we have adopted. The following is the letter:
Post Office Department, Aprils 1880.
Sir: While your committee have under consideration
the question ot reducing the letter-carrier fee to one cent
in all cases, I respectfully suggest that yoji consider also
whether it may not be advisable to deliver mail letters at
the outside "stations" free of any carrier's charge, and
Biafte up for any loss thereby resulting to the carriers5 fund
by renting boxes at the stations. At prespnt, I understand,
thy carriers fee in New York, upon letters delivered out
from the stations to persons calling, is one cent; but no
boxes arc lented at such stations, although I am assuicd
thatra large number would be readily taken. If thought
advisable, the Department might be restricted in the use of
these box rents—not to paymoie from them than what
might be necessary to injure to each earlier a certain
amount per annum.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient
•servant, HORATIO KING,
Acting Postmaster General.
Hon Schuyler Colfax, Chairman of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads) House of Representatives.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to patronize
free labor. [Laughter.] I am very sorry to no-
tice a disposition on the part of the gentleman to
fly in the face of the poor.
Mr. COLFAX. The gentleman is mistaken;
I merely wish to do justice between the Govern-
ment and its employes, and to stand by the poor.
Mr. SPINNER. I ask the gentleman to accept
this modification of his amendment: before the
words " one cent,"insert the words " not exceed-
ing;" so that it will read: " not exceeding; 0110
ccnt,"&c.
Mr. COLFAX. I accept the gentleman's amend-
ment as a modification of my own.
I will state further, that there arc offers before
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and they were before the Postmaster General un-
der General Pierce, made by responsible parties
in Philadelphia, to carry the letters in that city
and deliver them at one cent a single letter, and
to deliver the mails six times instead of four times
a day.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Chairman, I am op-
posed to the amendment offered by the chairman
of the Committee oil the Post Office and Post
Roads. I t is true that I have not given much at-
tention to it before; but, from the discussion which
it has elicited, I think that I understand what will
be its effect. I am constrained to oppose it on
general principles of benevolencc and justice, ft
seems to me that the proposition of the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Smith] is a liur one. This
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana, if
passed into law, will reduce the moral and fitting
standard of the men who do this work. I do not
believe that ten dollars a week is sufficient com-
pensation to these men. I believe that the laborer
is worthy of a fair salary. Two or three days
ago wo passed a law increasing the compensa-
tion of the officers of the Wavy. 1 cheerfully
voted for it, because I thought that those officers
did not receive a proper and adequate compensa-
tion. Willie this national Legislature increased
compensation in one instance from $3,500 to §5,000
—the compensation of an officer m the naval ser-
vice—yet it is now this day consuming the public
time and the public money in an effort to reduce
the compensation of our hard-worked letter-car-
riers to less than ten dollars a week.
Mr. COLFAX. Will the gentleman yield to
me a moment?
Mr. FLORENCE. Certainly.
The CHAIRMAN. What amendment does
the gentleman from Pennsylvania submit?
Mr. FLORENCE. 1 move to increase the ap-
propriation one dollar.
Mr. COLFAX. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, I will submit a few
words in reply to the remarks he has made. The
increase of drop letters under a law passed by
this Congress has increased the compensation of
letter-carriers while we have been m session. We
propose that the rate on mailed letters shall be
reduced from two cents to one cent. It will only
effect a reduction of about twenty-five percent,
as newspapers and drop letters will remain at the
same charge, and the number of letters to be de-
livered will be very much increased.
, _ One evil that has grown up under this system,
in consequence of the increase of business in New
York city, is, that the routes, especially in the
lower part of the city, are not as large as they
might be,and the letter-carriers there do notwork
as many hours a day as the men who go outside
to collect letters and bring them to the post office,
for which service they only receive $10 50 a week.
This reduction would leave the average in New
York and Philadelphia nearly, if not quite, one
thousand dollars,and some carriers in New York
considerably over that amount. It would give
the carriers larger routes and make them work
the whole day instead of working a less number
of hours upon these smaller routes. It would be
a relief to the poor men who, when only three
cents ispaidfor the transportation of a letter three
thousand miles to the post office near their resi-
dence, are required to pay two ccnts for its de-
livery to them; or to leave their work during
business hours to go to the general delivery and
inquire there for their letters, cither of which is
a heavy burden on laboring men, and being need-
less in its amount, should be reformed.
Mr. FLORENCE. I judge, from the gentle-
man's remarks, that he is not informed on this
particular subject. There are five deliveries a
day by the Ictter-carricrs in Philadelphia. Those
carriers go to the post office at four o'clock in the
morning, and they stay there, or work upon their
routes, until sundown. They do woik more than
ten hours a day. There is no class of the Gov-
ernment employes who work so hard as these
lcttcr-carriers. I am glad that the gentleman says
he will propose a partial increase of compensa-
tion. To that extent f give him crcdit.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not say that this will in-
crease their compensation. I said that perhaps
it would make a reduction of about twenty-fn\*
percent.; but if the number of letters delivered
by carriers is as much increased in New York
and Philadelphia as when the one-cent rate was
adopted in Boston, then it would increase their
compensation, That, however, is to be tested.
Without it the reduction will not exceed twenty-
five par cent.
Mr. FLORENCE. My great object is that, in
our legislation, we shall so provide that for a fair
day's work we shall give a fairday's wages. We
have heard of the desire, on the part of the other
side, to renew the hum of industry throughout
the country by an increase of the present rates of
duties upon imports. Wc are told that it is the
desire properly to compensate the labor of the
country. 1 am in favor of both these objects; and
it is for that reason I am opposed to the amend-
ment. The self-constituted advocates, the special
advocates of the poor laboring man, of the other
side, in thisamendment propose to do—what? To
reduce the waijos of these hard-worked letter-car-
riers to ten dollars a week. {Such a course I know
to be anti-Democratic, if the result of any legis-
lation proposed by the Post Office Committee be
to increase the compensation of these men to a
proper figure, I will vote for it; otherwise, I shall
uc constrained to oppose it.
I do not at all, in my experience, concur in the
conclusions stated by the gentleman from Indiana.
These post officc carriers are compelled to be at
the post office at four o "clock in the morning, and
they are not let off until sundown. That every-
body knows who knows anything of the Phila-
delphia post officc. If men choose to pay two
cents for the delivery of a letter, let them do so.
It is in their volition to go to the post officc and
get the letter without any extra charge, or to have
it delivered by paying two cents. I never knew
before that this matter was provided for by law.
I was always under the impression before that the
different post offices of the large cities were allowed
so many carriers, and that it was fixed by the
custom of the officc what should be the rate paid.
I know very well that numbers of the letter-car-
riers do not get more than twelve or fifteen dol-
lars per week under the present usage. |
_ I have no objection to the amendment, if it will |
give these men a fair compensation; but I do not ;
believe that it will do so. I must confess that I •
have never seen a system of labor-saving, like i
that proposed here, attempted to be applied to j
any other than steam machinery; for it is pro- 1
posed to incrca.se the labor of these worthy men j
and to reduce their salaries, which are now sufE- <
ciently low. :
[Hero the hammer fell.] j
Mr. CRAIG, of Missouri. I desire to suggest I
to my colleague upon the committee that, as he j
is accepting modifications, his amendment should
read: "not exceeding one cent," leaving off the
words 44and no more."
Mr- COLFAX. I accept the modification. I
will now read the reply of the postmaster at
Boston:
" The reduction here from two cents to one led to the
delivery of a much larger number of letters; so that the re-
ceipts at one cent were about the same as when a lesser
number was delivered at two cents. The labor of the car-
riers was much increased, as the sy&tcm was applied to alt
parts of the city, but their income was not diminished. If
the whole cairier foice in Boston were to reMgn, there
would be no difficulty whatever in finding a force, as good
in capacity and character, for $500 a year each, to take their
places. Not that I would advise a sum so low, but I should
not recommend more than $800, nor less than $500."
Mr. FLORENCE. I have no doubt now that
the gentleman will yield to mc a moment in reply.
Objection being made, debate was ruled to be
out of order.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLFAX, I have now an amendment to
oiler, which is of great importance, and 1 desire
to have the sense of the committee upon it. It
proposes a radical change in the present system.
The last Congress sent a resolution to the Post-
master General, asking him to suggest ways and
m-cans by which the large accumulation of dead
letters might be decreased. Two million dead let-
ters are returned to the Department every year.
They arc torn open by clerks, and where there are
money or valuables in them, they are returned,
without any charge, to the persons who sent them.
The Postmaster General sent a very efble reply,
last month, to the Senate, and a copy was printed
for the use of the House, though I am afraid mem-
bers generally have not seen it. He said that six
hundred thousand of these two million were real-
ly letters which it might be desirable to return
to the writers, and which the Department could
return if they had sufficient clerical force. The'
remaining one million two hundred thousand were
either misdirected,orimpeifectly directed, or were
circulars, &c., which were not of sufficient im-
portance to be returned.
The clerks now in the office attending the doad-
lcttor depaiintent are overburdened; and if Con-
gress wishes to initiate the system of returning
all dead letters to the writers—and the Postmaster
General says that from thirty to forty per cent,
of them would probably be willing to pay post-
age for such return—it can be done by passing
a law appropriating for that purpose, for the
coming year, the revenue derived by the United
States during the last two years from money in
unclaimed dead letters. About thirty-eight thou-
sand dollars arc found in dead letters each year,
and they are returned all over the United States
to the various individuals who sent them. About
thirty-two thousand dollars of that amount finds
owners, while five to six thousand come back,
having found no claimant. If Congress desires
to attempt this experiment for a year, they can,
by using the proceeds from this source for two
years, try the experiment. It would require the
employment of ten clerks; and if you provide that
each returned letter shall pay three ccnts postage,
the system would, at least, be half self-sustain-
ing. We now return ail foreign letters which
come here and find no owners. We pack them
ftp and send them back. I think the plan would
be a success.
I offer the amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add at the end of the first section, as fellows :
Provided further. That until the '30th ol June, 18 61, all
dead letters shall, as far as piactieable. be leturned to their
writers, undei such icgulatious as tbe'Po*tmastci General
may establish; and those receiving them shall pav three
rents, a* return postage theieon, which shall be accounted'
toi as othei postal revenue: and to carry outthispiovision,
the Po.^tmastci General id hereby authorized to use a snm
not exceeding the revenue-; derived bv the TieabUry fiom
dead and unclaimed money letters for the pa«t two years;
and that no additional cierk> employed under thw provision
shall receive ovei $1,200 per year."
Mr. BRANCH, 1 would inquire if thatamend-
ment is in order? It sounds to me as though it.
was independent legislation.
Mr. COLFAX. I think it is in order. We
now return ,1 part of the letters; an^ I thillk that
makes the amendment germane.
Mr. BRANCH. Is there any law directing
their return ?
