1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Again, the gentleman speaks of the attempt of
the South at that time to provide for the extension
ofslavery into the Territories of New Mexico and
Utah. I can not let his remarks in this respect pass
uncontradicted. Had the gentleman been here at
the time, he would have known that the effort of
northern Representatives was to exclude slavery
from those Territories. Although the gentleman
has just affirmed that, by the law of Mexico, sla-
very was already prohibited there, yet the effort
was made to exclude it by congressional legisla-
tion. Was the South at that time demanding the
passage of any law for the extension of slavery
into those Territories? Sir, did any of the com-
promise bills even provide for repealing the Mexi-
can law prohibiting slavery? The gentleman ought
to know they did not. And yet he has said here
to-day, in utter disregard of the facts of history,
that the effort of southern members at that time
was to extend slavery to those Territories by di-
rect legislation, though it was prohibited by local
law.
Now X come to the only remaining point to
which the gentleman referred—the fugitive slave
law—and of which he complains in very pathetic
terms. And what is the foundation of his com-
plaint? What does he allege ? Has hegoneinto
any details ? Has he shown the law to be un-
constitutional ? Has he denied that the rendition
of fugitive slaves is a guarantee of the Constitu-
tion? Of what has he complained ? Why, only
that the citizens of the free States are themselves
called upon to assist in the execution of the law.
If that gentleman bo a lawyer, as I presume he is,
he will allow me to ask him whether this sug-
gestion of what is the duty of the citizens of each
State, in aiding the execution of the law, added
anything at all to the obligation which antece-
dently rested on all men, to assist in the execu-
tion of the law of the land ?
Mr. HICKMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia will allow me to say a word. I think he
misapprehends entirely what I said. He will
have great difficulty to find in my remarksfany
complaint against the fugitive slave law. My
complaint was, that while the people of the North
were disposed to carry out all the provisions of
existing law, whether that were constitutional or
statute law, the South would not do us justice;
that in that respect they became sectional; that
they denied us equality: a fact which, I think,
appears here: that every measure favorable to the
prosperity of the North is refused, both in this
House and in the Senate. That is my complaint.
We intend to abide by the law, however it may
be written, but we demand justice at the same
time that we fulfill the law.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not think I have been in
error m the idea that the gentleman did complain
that the citizens of the North were invoked by
the law to aid in the recovery of fugitive slaves.
If he did not complain of it, all I can say is that
the statement was made in the tone and manner
of complaint; ai)d if he did not intend it as evi-
dence of his appreciation of the excellence of the
law, we can only infer that he designed it as an
argument against the propriety of the law.
Mr. HICKMAN. I think the gentleman from
Virginia will easily see that he is in error, when
-I state substantially what I did say. 1 said that
the fugitive slave law bound three million free-
men, engaged in professions, trades, and agiicul-
turo, to leave their books and tools and plows, to
follow after and retake the running property of
those who refuse to the captors the equality ue-
' manded by the Constitution and the justice which
ought to be secured through the agency of the
Government. It was not a complaint against the
law, but a complaint that, while we were retak-
ing their fugitives from labor, they would not do
us justice here.
Mr. MILLSON. Then I accept the gentleman s
statement as he explains it, and am glad to hear
that the gentleman does not complain of that fea-
ture of the law. I am glad to hear that the gen-
tleman differs from so many of his associates in
the northern States, who believe that it is a gross
insult to northern sentiment to call upon them to
leave their business to capture fugitive slaves.
Certainly the gentleman is right. The gentleman,
as a lawyer, must know that the expression in the
law of what is the duty of the citizen adds noth-
ing to the obligation of the citizen. There is an
antecedent obligation on all citizens of the Con-
federacy to aid in the execution of the law; and
the simple declaration that this is expected from
them, cannot, in any sense, be regarded as offens-
ive to them. But the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia makes no complaint, it seems, in regard to the
fugitive slave law. 1 am very happy to have the
authority of that gentleman, who stands so high
in the party with which he has lately become as-
sociated, for the concession that there is no just
cause of complaint against the fugitive slave law.
Mr.HICKMAN. I think, Mr. Chairman, that
recent indications show pretty clearly that I am
in a pretty strong party already without joining
any new one. In other words, 1 think the traitors
have rather reached the ascendency.
Mr. MILLSON. It was 110 part of my present
purpose to discuss the prospects of political par-
tics at this time. I rose only for the purpose of
calling the attention of the committee to some
errors into which I supposed the gentleman from
Pennsylvania had fallen.
Mr. HICKMAN. My remark was intended
rather as an answer to the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Virginia that I had been joining a
new party or malting a new affiliation. He may
discover something in what I have heretofore said
or done to justify him in that remark, although I
am not aware of anything. I stand on precisely
the same principles and the same platform on
which I have always stood. I know neither va-
riableness nor shadow of turning.
Mr. MILLSON. I have listened to the state-
ment of the gentleman. He knows best his own
personal position in the political party to which
he refers. I had supposed that the gentleman
was but recently a member of the Democratic
organization, and that he had lately associated
himself with what is now generally known as the
Republican organization. I do not know how
far the fact is so; but it was to that changc of
position, from the Democratic to the Republican
organization, that 1 made the allusion to which
the gentleman responds.
But one or two words now, Mr. Chairman, in
regard to the fugitive slave law, which I supposed
the gentleman from Pennsylvania had assailed,
and which the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Wil-
son] this morning certainly did assail. I want
some gentleman to tell me what objection can be
uiged against it on the score of constitutionality.
Two or three gentlemen, whom I have heard dis-
cuss the subject, have declared that the law is
unconstitutional because it confides the execution
of its provisions to commissioners appointed by
the judges, and not to any portion of the Federal
judiciary. The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bing-
ham,] who spoke on this subject the other day,
admitted that he was satisfied with the act of 1793;
and yet that act is liable to every objection that
has been urged, on the score of constitutionality, |
against the fugitive slave law of 1850. Uncon-
stitutional, because the commissioners arc appoint-
ed by the courts ! Why, do gentlemen insist that
the arrest of a fugitive shall be made by a judge''
Then repeal your fugitive slave law of 1793; for
that law authorized the arrest to be made by the
claimant, who is neither judge nor State magis-
trate. These gentlemen were satisfied with the
act of 1793. They have alleged no complaint of
unconstitutionality against that act; and yet this
very act of 1793, so highly praised by gentlemen,
]! because they have set it up as a foil to the legis-
|l lation of 1850, has gone even further than the act
|| of 1850, in conceding to the claimant the right to
i| arrest fugitive slaves even without the interpo-
sition of a justice.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Would not
the claimant have had a right to arrest his fugi-
tive slave without any act of Congress at all ?
If he had gone into a free State and found him
there, could he not have taken him as he could
i take his horse, and, unless there was a legal pro-
i cess to test the right, have taken him away as
i having a vested right in him—without any law,
and on the simple principle of recapturing prop-
erty which has strayed from oni^ State into an-
other ? Hcnce the law was objectionable on that
point. And when you come to appoint officers
to examine and adjudge the eases, must you not
appoint them under the Constitution of the Urn-
ted States? , ,
Mr. MILLSON. I am obliged to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania for his suggestion; Itis
well calculated to aid my argiimSnt. Certainly,
the claimant had the power to recovter under the
Constitution of the United States. If h£ had that
power under the Constitution of the United States
—and the act of1793 recognizes that power—how
could that act, then, be unconstitutional? .The
gentleman does not say that it was. imc'oiftftitu-
tional. The gentleman will not say that the'act
of 1793 was unconstitutional.- If he will,'! will
give him the opportunity to do so.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. . 1 do not.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman will not say
so. All I am concerned to show, then, is that; the
act of 1850 cannot be more unconStitutionalthan
the act of 1793. It is not any more unconstitu-
tional, because it allows nothing but what* the "Act
of 1793 allowed. , ' ;
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Did the act
of 1793 constitute any magistrate a judge to'make
his decision conclusive against the writ of habeas
corpus, or trial by jury ?
Mr. MILLSON. I did nothearthe gentleman's
question.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Did the act
of 1793 institute a new tribunal, unknown to the
Constitution, and make its decision final and con-
clusive, without trial by jury, as to the liberty of
the subject?
Mr. MILLSON. A new tribunal?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. _ Yes, sir,
such as a postmaster; such as are .provided under
the act of 1850—and make the decisioti of that tri-
bunal final and conclusive?
Mr, MILLSON. The act of 1793 did that very
thing, except that it did not, and no act can, make
the decision of any judicial agent final.
Mr. STEVENS,"of Pennsylvania. The act of
1850 docs.
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir; the act of 1850 does
no such thing. The act of 1850 gives to the com-
missioners appointed by the judges the authority
to inquire into the validity and lawfulness of the
application of the claimant.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Doesawrit
of habeas corpus lie in any court of the United
States to review the decision of the deputized
agents under the law?
Mr. MILLSON. Unquestionably.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Then the
courts have all been wrong.
Mr. MILLSON. I had better tell the gentle-
man at once to what I refer. I tell him that the
act of 1793 authorizes the adjudication of the right
of the claimant to be made by a justice of the
peace. Is a justice of the peace a judicial agent
of the United States? Will anybody pretend to
say that a justice of the peacc ia New Hampshire
or Massachusetts is a judicial agent of the United
S tatcs ^
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It has been
decidcd that that act of Congress has no binding
cffcct upon such magistrates or judicial officers;
that they are under no obligation to execute it.
Mr. MILLSON. I am much obliged to the
gentleman for his admission. It is what I was
about to say myself. That act of Congress im-
poses no obligation upon a justice of the peace,
and a justice of the peace is not bound to admin-
ister tile law. And why? Because a justice of the
peace is not a judicial agent of the United Stetes.
He owes no allegiance, as such, to the United
States. He is not responsible for malfeasance m
office to the United States. He cannot be removed
from his judicial position by the United States.
He acts merely ministerially; and, acting minis-
terially, and ministerially alone, the act of 1793
!| committed the execution of the law to ministerial
|| agents precisely as the gentleman complains that
!| the act of 1850 does. , .
11 It is said that commissioners are not judicial
H agents. Granted. I tell gentlemen that justices of
h the peace arc not judicial agents. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] admits it.
He says that they are not bound to executethe
]avz and why? Because they are not judicial
agents of this Government. I am sure the gen-
tleman is sagacious enough to be aware of the full
force of his admission. I can hardly suppose that
he was unwittingly led into that admission,
accept it; and by'it I establish iny conclusion,that
it is not a proof of the unconstitutionality of the
law that the question of the return of a xugi-
