1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
955
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina, objected.
Mr. ALLEN stated that he would have voted
in the negative, had he been within the barwhen
his name was called.
Mr. ASHMORE said: I desire to cast my vote
in favor of clerks to two or three of these com-
mittees; but I cannot vote for the batch of clerks
proposed by the amendment; and therefore I vote
" 110."
Mr. McKNIGHT. I was called out of the
House just before my name was called, and
therefore missed my vote. As the gentleman from
North Carolina [Mr. Winslow] said the other
day if I had been here I should have voted cor-
rectly upon this question.
The result of the vote was announced, as above
recorded.
The resolution, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. "VVASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved tore-
consider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROVIXCETOWN HAEBOR.
Mr. ELIOT. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Commerce to make a report concerning
the preservation of Provincetown harbor, and to
move that it be laid upon the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
CHARLES KNAPP.
Mr. MOORHFAD, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported a bill for the relief of Charles
Knapp; "which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and the bill and report or-
dered to be printed.
ISAAC S. SMITH.
Mr. NIXON, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill for the relief of Isaac S.
Smith, of Syracuse, New York; which was read
a first and second time, referred to a Committee
of the Whole House on the Private Calendar, and
the bill and report ordered to be printed.
GEOltGE 11. JACKSON & CO.
Mr. CLEMENS, from the Committee on Com-
merce, made an ad verse report in the case of George
R. Jackson & Co.; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
ISSUING OF REGISTERS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 am directed by
the Committee on Commerce to report back a
bill (S. No. 146) authorizing1 the Secretary of the
Treasury to issue registers to the schooners Helen
Blood and Sarah Bond, of Oswego. New York,
and ask that it be put upon its passage. I make
that motion.
The bill has been submitted to the Treasury
Department, and has the approbation of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. The hulls of these ves-
sels were constructed m Canada, but the repairs
and additions made to them in this country exceed
double the value of the hulls. I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was ordered to be read
a thii'd time.
The bill was subsequently read the third time,
and parsed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROTECTION 01? FEMALE PASSENGERS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am instructed
by the Committee on Commerce to report back a
bill, (H. R. No. 19,) and ask that it be put on its
passage. This bill,sir, is a bill to amend an act
entitled " An act to regulate the carriage of pas-
sengers in steamships and other vessels," ap-
proved March 3, 1855; and it is designed for the
bettor protection of female passengers, and for
. other purposes. I say briefly to the House on this
occasion, that tins bill is based upon these facts:
that in the course of the passage from the con-
tinent of Europe to this continent, female passen-
gers are very frequently subjected to violation, by
reason of the poaition of captains and other offi-
cers commanding on board of passenger ships. In
order that the facts upon which the bill stands
and is proposed may be known to this House, I
send to the Clerk's desk, that it may be read, a
representation oftheCommissioners of Emigration
of the city and State of New York. "It is very
brief, and presents the facts which were true at
the time the representation was made, and equally
true now. The memorial is signed by our first
men in the city' of New York.
The memorial was read, as follows:
To the Honorable the Senate and the
House of Representatives of the United States:
Your petitioners, the Commissioners of Emigration of
the State of New York, respectfully represent:
That, by the laws of the said State of New York, the care
and protection of the emigrants arriving at the port of New
York are committed to your petitionets. that, during the
la«t two or three years, the frequent complaints made to
your petitioners, by female emigrant^ arriving at the above
port, of ill treatment and abuse from the captains and other
officers of some of the vessels engaged in the passenger
business, caused your petitioners to investigate the subject;
and from such investigation youi petitsoneis regret to be
obliged to say, that, since tne diminution in the number of
cabin passenqers in sailing s-hipj, produced by the rapid
steam communication between this and the eastern islands
and continent, propriety and decent observances on the part
ot the officers of many ships have very frequently been de-
parted from: that, after reaching the high sens fiom Euro-
pean ports, the captain frequently selects some unprotected
female fiom among his passengers, induces her to visit his
cabin, and when there, abusing his authonty as commander,
partly by threats, and partly by promises of marriage, accom-
plishes her ruin, and retains her in his quarters for the rest
of the voyage, for the indulgence ot his vicious passions and
the purposes of prostitution: that the other officers of the
ship, having no apprehension for the commission of a com-
mon breach of duty with him, often imitate the example of
their superior, and when the poor friendless women, thus
seduced, arrive at this port, they are thrust from the ship
upon shore and abandoned to their fate, without any lem-
edy for the past wrong which has been done upon them:
that such occurrences as above described have become so
frequent that your petitioners feel it their duty to ask for le-
gislative interposition to put an end to these flagrant offenses
on the part of the officers of vessels; and for that purpose,
the acts being done on the high seas, out of the jurisdiction
of the States, appeal to your honorable bodies, and respect-
fully ask for such an amendment to the passenger laws as
may prevent, by severe punishment for the act, the recur-
rence of this increasing evil and wrong.
And your petitioners will ever pray.
G. C. Veiplanckj
Andrew Carngan,
E. I). Morgan,
William Jelhngbauer.
Samuel S. Powell, "]
Mentor Brooklyn,
Daniel F. Tiemann,
Mayor New York,
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported, as truly enrolled, an act (H.
R. No. 3) making appropriations for the payment
of invalid and other pensions of the United States,
for the year ending the 30thjune, 1861; when the
Speaker signed the same.
SAFETY OF EMIGRANT PASSEXGEKS AGA1X.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I should say that
tlus memorial has the signatures of the first and
most reliable men of the city and State of New
York. It is signed by the Mayors of New York
and Brooklyn. The bill that has been prepared,
and which I am instructed by the Committee on
Commerce to report back, has been very care-
fully considered. The subject was before the last
Congress. A bill was brought before the House
and another before the Senate; but on consulta-
tion, the two bills were abandoned, and that which
constitutes the present bill was accepted in their
place. Ittheiefore has the sanction of the com-
mittee of the Senate and of the two committees of
the House. Under these circumstances, I send
the bill to the Clerk's desk, and ask to have it
read and put upon its passage, and upon that I
demand the previous question.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I would like to inquire of the
arentleman from New York what is intended by
the words, " and for other purposes,''or whether
the bill is confined to this one object?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE That is all. There
is no other.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN, (interrupting.) Has the
morning hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
1 Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move that the rules
j be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
I into the Committee of the Whole on the state ot
' theUnipn.
i Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Let this bill be
[ disposed of first.
! Mr. SHERMAN. I am afraid thatit may lead
Wilson G. Hunt,
Cyrus Curtis*,
John r Cumming,
Elijah F. Purdy.
Commissioners ex o$icio.
to debatfe; but I am willing, to give way, so that
the previous question may be seconded.
Mr. HOUSTON. We cannot have, the .pre-
vious question until after the bill shall have been
read. If the gentleman from New York wants,to
keep his bill in a condition to let it come up in the
morning, he can withdraw the previous questkin,.
and move to recommit the bill; and that motion,-
under the practice of the House, will bring it tip.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think .this is a
subject of such importance that the House may-
give at least five minutes to hearing the bill read.
Mr. HOUSTON. I think the bill is tpo lofrg
to attempt to pass it in this way. If, the gentle-
man will move to recommit, it will come up; in
the morning; and we will have the morning hour
m which to pass it.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I propose, for the
benefit of the House and of the Committee of
Ways and Means, that the bill be read and the
previous question seconded; and then, the morn-
ing hour having expired, it may go over until to-
morrow.
The bill was read. It enacts that every master,
or other officer, seaman or other person, employed
on board of any ship or vessel in the United States,
who shall, during the voyage of such ship or
vessel, under promise of marriage, or by threats
or the exorcise of authority, or by solicitation or
the making of gifts or presents, seduce and have
illicit connection with any female passenger, shall
be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, andshall, on
conviction, be punished by imprisonment for a
term not exceeding twelve months, or byline not
exceeding $1,000; provided that the subsequent in-
termarriage of the parties, seducing and seduced,
may be pleaded in bar of a conviction.
The second section enacts that neither officer,
seaman, nor other person employed on board of
a ship or vessel bunging emigrant passengers to
the Linited States, shall visit or frequent any part
of such ship or vessel that is assigned to emigrant
passengers, except by the direction orpermission
of the master or commander; and that every offi- •
cer, seaman, or other person employed on board
of such, who shall violate the provisions of this
section, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall, on conviction thereof, forfeit to the said
ship or vessel his wages for the voyage; and that
any master or commander who directs or permits
aiiy officer or seaman, or other person so em-
ployed, to visit or frequent any part of said ship
or vessel assigned to emigrant passengers, except
for the purpose of doing or performing some ne-
cessary act or duly as an officer, seaman, or per-
son employed, shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and shall, on conviction, be punished
bv a fine of fifty dollars for every occasion on
w'liich he shall so direct or permit the provisions
of this section to be violated.
The third section makesit the duty of the master
or commander of every ship or vessel bringing
emigrant passengers to the United States to post
a written or printed notice containing the provis-
ions of the second section of this act in a con-
spicuous place on the forecastle, and in the several
parts of said ship or vessel assigned to emigrant
passengers, and to keep the same so posted during
the voyage; and on neglect so to do, he shall be
deemed guiltv of a misdemeanor, and shall, oil
con vietion, be punished by fine uotexcecding$500.
The fourth section enacts that in case of the
conviction of any person under the provisions of
the first section, and of the imposition of a fine, the
court sentencing the person so convicted may, in
its discretion, by an order to be entered on its
minutes, direct the amount of the fine, when col-
lected, to be paid for the use of the female seduced,
or her child or children, if any.
The fifth section enacts that no conviction shall
be had under the provisions of this act,unlessan
indictment shall be found within one year after
the commission of the offense.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think the House
is piepared to vote upon this bill now.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let me suggest to thegentle-
man from New York that I think twelve months'
imprisonment is probably notpumshmentenough;
and I think, also, that the pfcriod of twelve months,
the statute of limitation established in that bill, is
too short.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 must renew my motion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I withdraw
the demand for the previous question, and enter a
