1860.
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-1699
schemes of internal improvement that you have
been prevented for so many years from accom-
plishing, by the stern opposition of the Demo-
cratic party.
You talk of the evils of slavery; you desire to
make proselytes of the northern people, by rep-
resenting that slavery is an institution which
blights ul! that it rests upon; and you refer sneer-
ingly to the condition of southern States as con-
trasted with some of the States of the North.
If this be so, is it kind to remind us of it? If we
please, from our devotedness to the welfare of that
race which we find inhabiting the same soil, and
forming a part of our community, to maintain a
laboring population whose industry is less profit-
able than the free labor of the North, so much
vaunted, arc we to be taunted with it? Will I
you make of our very virtues weapons to assail
us? Be it that the people of the South have not
thought proper to dismiss this large population to
pauperism and to death; be it that we maintain
them and clothe them, and provide for all their
wants, and yet receive a less return than you ex-
act from those whom you employ: is it fair, is
it generous, to taunt us for so doing? Jf it be as
you say, then I demand that you gne us credit
for thatdisiineicstedness which should have com-
manded your admiration, instead of provoking
your censure.
One word on another subject of complaint made
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Hick-
man,] and I have done. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania findsanother evidence of the aggressions
of the South upon the Noith, in the attempted re-
vival of the African slave trade. From the lan-
guage in which the gentleman expressed himself,
one might well infer that lie intended to charge
the reopening of the siavu trade as a universal de-
sign of the southern States. Sir, does not that
gentleman know ilia1, amongst the southern Rep-
resentatives who hold se-tts m this Hall, there
are not, perhaps, five in favor of the reopening of
the slave trad'':
Mr. ASH-MORE. There is but one—Governor
McRae, of Mississippi.
Mr. M1LLS0N. I know of but one myself,
certainly there cannot be more than five of them,
in favor of the reopening of the slave trade. Per- j
haps there is 110 gentleman in the North who will |
be more ready and more eager than the soulhem
members, in resisting it; yea, and who will take
more pleasure in denouncing those ctmimals, in
the South or elsewhere, who are connected in any
way with the intioduction of slaves from Africa,
in violation of our laws.
I say for one—and I am sure that I speak the I
sentiment of the southern people generally—that
it is not merdy bccau^e it is tiie law, and must j
be executed; but I t"ll you, if you, gentlemen of |
the North, should to-morrow rep. al the law abol- j
ishmg the slave trade, 1 would myself introduce j
a bill to suppress it, and urge its joss.igc warmly j
and earnestly. By what ugh', then, Joes the j
gentleman represent, or imply, that the people of j
the South are desirous to revive the African slave_ I
trade' It is opposed by us on every principleot j
humanity, policy, sentiment—on every principle
thai, can make it odious to you.
You have no more right to charge upon tuo ;
southern people a disposition to reopen toe sla\c j
trade because of the perpetration ol isolated cranes j
connected with the introduction of slaves fiom j
Africa into certain southern ports, than I luue j
the right, which vou earnestly protesi 1 ha\e not, j
to charge you with aiding or approvin: the lecent I
outrage of Brown and Ins associates at Harper s
Ferry, because he had his birth-place and resi-
dence m a northern Slate.
Mr. HATTON. J move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Goocn haying
token the chair as Speaker pro tempore. Mr. Cur-
tis reported that the Committee of the Vv hole on
the state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly House
bill No. 338. t" provide for the payment of out-
standing Treasury notes, to authoiize R loan, to
regulate and fix the duties on impoits, and for
olli'-r purposes; and had come to no conclusion
thereon. _ ,
nd then, on motion oi Mr. COLFAX, (at
a quarter past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE. !
Wednesday, May 2, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of Monday last was read and ap-
proved.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before theSenate
reports of the Court of Claims, made m pursuance
of law, adverse to the claim of Edward Sangster,
administrator of Hugh Y/est, deceased; the claim
ofDanielNippes;and the claim of John P.Norton.
Also, reports of the Court of Claims, made in
pursuance of law, in favor of the claim of Richard
S. Coxe; the claim of Alexander M. Jackson, ad-
ministrator of John Gorman; the claim of Nehe-
mmh Garrison, assignee of Moses Perkins; and
the claim of Danford Mott; accompanied by the
following bills:
Bill for the relief of Richard S. Coxe;
Bill for the relief of Alexander M. Jackson,
administrator of John Gorman, deceased;
Bill for the relief of Nehemiah Garrison, as-
signee of Moses Perkins; and
Bill for the relief of Danford Mott.
The bills and reports were referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
chief clerk of the Court of Claims, returning, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate, the
papers in the case of Dent, Vantine &Co.; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
EXECUTIVE "COMMUNICATION.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, communica-
ting, in compliance with a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 2d of February, 1S59, requesting in-
loimation in regard to the compulsory service of
citizens of the United States m the army of Prus-
sia, an additional report from the Secretary of
State, and the document accompanying it.
Mr. SUMNER. Those papcis are supplement-
ary to the large volume of papers already ordered
to lie printed by the Senate: and I ask the unan-
imous consent of the Senate Uiat they be primed
at once, in connection with those already ordered
to be printed. I think the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Printing will concur with me in that
motion.
Mr. FITCH. Possibly, if done in that con-
nection, it might involve unnecessary expense.
The document heretofore ordered is already in
print. Perhaps it would be better to request
the committee to inquire into the expediency of
having them embiaccd in the same volume. If it
can be done, it will be; but an imperative order
would be a different thing.
Mr. STJMNER. I think there can be no difK- |
culiy on that point, for the Printer has already |
been advised that the documents would be sent j
m by the Department. j
Mr. FITCIi. If there ls to be no additional j
expense incurred, of course I shall have no ob- |
jection; but, on thecontiary, would prefer that j
it should be embraced m the same volume. j
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in |
the chair.) Tim mot.on to print carries the doc- ;
ument lo the Committei on Printing, unless unan-
imous consent he given !o the contrary. If
there be no objection, the question will be taken
on the printing at this time. The Chair hears
none.
The motion to print was agreed to.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented a communication
from C. S. Drew, late adjutant of the second regi-
ment of Oregon mounted volunteers, giving an
account of the origin and early prosecution of the
\ Indian war in Oregon; which' was referred to the
I Committee on Alilitary Allans and Militia, and
I a motion to print the communication was refeired
I to the Conmiittie on Printing.
! Mr. BROWN presented the memorial of the
I president and directors of the Columbian Institu-
I tion for Instructing the Deaf and Dumb and the
! Blind, prayimr -hut authority be granted to the
i trustee soft ho Washington siVIanual Labor School
' and Male Orphan Asylum of the District of Co-
lumbia to transfer its effects; which wasieferred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
He also presented the memorial of the trustees
of the Washington's Manual Labor School and
Male Orphan Asylum of the District of Colum-
bia, prayingauthority to transfer its effects to the
.Columbian Institution for the Instruction of the
Deaf and Dumb and tlic Blind; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia. .. - : . i
Mr. LATHAM presented two petitions of cit-
izens of Mendocino' county, California, praying
the establishment of a mail route from Cloverdale
to Long Valley, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of California, in favor of the establishment
of a mail route through the Henness Pass in the
Sierra Nevada; which was referred to the Gom- *
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of California in favor of a liberal appropria-
tion fortaking the census in thatState; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LANEpresented the memorial of J. Alexis
Port, praying indemnity for losses sustained by
being forcibly dispossessed of certain tobacco,
purchased by him at a sale, by an officer of the
United States Army at Puebla, in Mexico, during
the late war; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. GREEN presented the memorial of Seth
Driggs, a citizen of the United States, residing at
Caracas, Venezuela, complaining of the delays
and expenses to which he and other citizens of the
United States have been subjected, in the prose-
cution of their business with the minister of their
Government, and praying that the poweis and du-
ties of our ministers abroad may be more cleaily
defined and established by law; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, it was
Ordsrei, That Dent, Vantine & Co., have leave to with-
draw their petition and papeis.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forxey, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the Vice
President:
A bill (S. No. 73) for the relief of Mrs. Anne
M. Smith, widow of Brevet Major General Persi-
fcr F. Smith; Mrs. Harriet B. Macomb, widow
of Major General Alexander Macomb; and Mrs.
Arabella Riley, widow of Brevet Major General
Bennet Riley; and
A bill (S. No. 219) for the relief of Stewart
MacGowan.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
426) to dissolve the Washington's Manual Labor
School and Male Orphan Asylum Society of the
District of Columbia, and to authorize the trans-
fer of its effects to the Columbian Institution for
the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and the
Blind; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of Co-
lumbia.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. FITCII, from the Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a motion to print the mes-
sage of the President ot the United States, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate, the instructions to Mr. McLane when ap-
pointed minister to China, reported in favor of
printing the usual number; and the report was
arrreed to. .
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion to print a-petition of citi-
zens of Texas, praying the erection of a light-
house on or near the north breakers at the entrance
of the harbor of Galveston, and the restoration of
the lio-ht-vessel lately removed from the entrance
of that harbor, reported in favor of printing the
usual number without the map accompanying the
petition; and the rcpoi t was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a motion t<j print the report of the
Secretary of State, communicating, in compliancc
with a resolution of the Senate, the report of
Henry R. Crosbie, Esq., relative to the occupa-
tion of the island of San Juan, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, as the
House had already ordered tire printing of tile
usual number; which was agreed to.
