1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
ELECTION OF PRINTER.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the execution of the special order for the
election of a Printer.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
agreed to.
Mr. WINSLOW. I move that the furthercon-
sideration of the special order be postponed until
to-morrow atone o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us first have one vote.
Mr. WINSLOW. I withdraw my motion for
the present.
The roll was then called, and the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Messis. Ashley, Beale, Brayton, Brown, Bureh, Bur-
roughs, Horace F. Clark, (Jiai k IS. Cochrane, Cooper,
Cuiry, II. Winter Davis, Delano, Duel!, Fenton, Fcriy,
Fouke, Fiank, Uaideman, Ha&kin. Hutching, Keitt, Ken-
yon, K'unkel, Lamar,MeUlernand, Montgomery, Laban T.
Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Palmer, Pettlt, Potter, Prvor,
Rust, Seranton, Spauldmg, James A. Stewait, Stratton,
Theaker, Wade, Webster, Whiteley, Wood, and Wood-
son.
Pending the call,
Mr. ROBINSON, of Rhode Island, stated that
his colleague, Mr. Brayton, had paired Willi Mr.
Mr. McClernand.
Mr. NIXON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Stratton, had paired forto-day with Mr. Stout.
Mr. NIBLACK stated thathe was paired with
Mr. Ashley.
Mr. REYNOLDS stated that Mr. Burch was
paired with Mr. Haskin.
Mr. WILSON stated that Mr. Burroughs was
paired with Mr. Hardeman.
Mr. ALLEY stated that his colleague, Mr.
Delano, had paired with Mr. Fouke.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Fenton was
paired with lus colleague, Mr. Maclay, Mr. Fen-
ton having been called home by the severe illness
of his father.
Mr. TOMPKINS stated that Mr. Ferry was
paired with Mr. Cooper..
Mr. KILGORE stated that Mr. Frank was
paired with Mr. Garnett.
Mr. MILES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Keitt, was paired with Mr. Duell.
Mr. KILGORE stated that Mr. Reagan was
paired with Mr. Horace F. Clark.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that his colleague,
Mr. Lamar, was paired with Mr. Potter.
Mr. JUNKIN stated that ho was paired with
his colleague, Mr. Montgomery.
Mr. McKNIGHT stated that his colleague,
Mr. Wood, was paired with Mr. Moore, of
Kentucky.
Mr. CASE stated that his colleague, Mr. Pet-
tit, was paired with Mr. CUiarles, until both are
returned to the city.
Mr. WINSLOW stated that Mr. Rust was
paired with Mr. Palmer; Mr. Pryor was paired
with Mr. Scranton; and that Mr. Stewart, of
Maryland, was paired with Mr. Wade.
Mr. BLxYKE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Theaker, was confined to his room by illness,
and that he was paired with Mr. Pendleton.
Mr. BRANCH. Mr. Speaker, it is apparent
that gentlemen have absented themselves from the
Hall, under the impression that no vote would
be taken for Printer to-day. I hope, therefore,
that a motion will be entertained for the postpone-
ment of the further consideration of the subject
until to-morrow at one o'clock. We can go Into
committee, and hear the speech of the gentleman
from South Carolina. [Cries of "No No !"
from the Republican benches.]
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust that there will now
be an effort made to elect a Printer. If we can-
not elect on the first vote, I then will be willing
to agree to a postponement of the subject until
to-morrow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe that
this interruption of the public business ought to
be put a stop to at the earliest moment practica-
ble. I think it is our duty to take a vote to-day
for Printer.
Mr. BRANCH. I will remind the gentleman
that hardly two thirds of the members of the
House are present. Furtherproceedingsunderthe
call of the House have not been dispensed with.
I ask that the absentees not paired be called
The SPEAKER stated that no pairs had been
stated for Messrs. Clark B. Cochrane, Curry,
Kunkel, Isaac N. Morris, Spaulbing, Web-
ster, and Whiteley.
Mr. BRANCH. There are five members of
this side absent without pairs. The gentleman
from South Carolina was entitled to the floor in
the Committee of the Whole on the .state of the
Union; but he yielded it to the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means in order that the
Indian appropriations might be taken up. Un-
der the circumstances, therefore, I think this sub-
ject of the election of a Printer ought to be post-
poned until to-morrow, at-one o'clock, and that
we ought to resolve ourselves into the Committee
of the Whole 011 the state of the Union, that the
gentleman from South Carolina may have an op-
portunity to be heard.
Mr. McKNIGHT. If we adjourn the question
until to-morrow it may then be as it is now.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, all
further proceedings under the call of the House
will be dispensed with.
There was no objection; and it watf ordered
accordingly.
Mr. BRANCH. I am confident that the gen-
tlemen who are absent did not know that there
would be a vote to-day for Printer. I was not
aware of ituntil recently myself. The belief was,
when wc resolved ourselves into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, that we
would remain there all day; and under that belief,
I have no doubt, members are now absent.
Mr. MAYNARD. I left under that impres-
sion, and am now in the Hall only by accident.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope that my proposition
for a postponement will be agreed to.
Mr. KILGORE. I hope that motion will be
withdrawn. Gentlemen may have got tired of
having this matter hanging upon our hands, and
intentionally absented themselves.
Mr. BRANCH. I am quite sure that such is
not the fact, in reference to the members absent
from this side. I have no doubt they left under
the impression that the day would be consumed
in debate 111 the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. KILGORE. The hour of two, to which
this election was postponed, is now passed; and
if gentlemen are not here, it is their own fault.
Mr. FLORENCE. Wc can send for absent
members.
Mr. HOUSTON. I presume it was not gen-
erally known that the subject of the election of a
Printer was postponed until two o'clock to-day.
I do not believe my colleague [Mr. Curry] was
aware a vote was to be taken to-day. I did not
know myself, until a few moments ago, that two
o'clock was fixed as the hour when the vote was
to be taken. Under the circumstances, I think
that the further consideration of this subject ought
to be postponed until to-morrow. I take it for
granted that the other side will hardly press a vote
this evening.
Mr. KILGORE. Members ought to have
known that there was to be a vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is very true; and the
gentleman from Indiana and myself ought to know
a thousand and one things which neither of us
knows anything about.
Mr. KILGORE. Weought to knowwhatour j
duty is. 1
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman ought to
know his duty; and if he does know it, he ought
to be striped with many stripes, for lie is con-
stantly violating his duty.
Mr. KILGORE. I do not violate ita hundredth
part as much as the. gentleman from Alabama does.
I perform my duty.
Mr HOUSTON. The gentleman is living in
open violation of the rights of his country, by
making encroachments upon another part of the ;
country. , p j
Mr. "KILGORE. I commit 110 violation of the >
laws of my country. j
Mr. Houston made some reply, which was j
entirely drowned by cries of " Order!" "Order!" ,
Mr.'BRANCH. I call the yeas and nays upon j
my motion to postpone. I
"Mr, ASHMORE. I would like to make a very j
brief statement, with the consent of the House. j
O11 yesterday afternoon, I yielded my right to the ]
floor to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. j
Grow,] with the distinct understanding that I I
should occupy the floor to-day. Again, sir, this
morning, at the instance of the gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Sherman,} I yielded my right
to the floor to enable bim to take up an appropri-,
ation bill for the payment of money due .to Indian
tribes under treaty stipulations—some of which
was due under treaty stipulations ratified by the.
Senate on the 9th of March last. I yielded it
with the hope of expediting the.public business
of the country, and placing myself right upon
the record-before the country, but with .the un-
derstanding that I was to have the floor Imme-
diately after to deliver the few remarks I desired
to submit to the House. I supposed that the con-
sideration of that bill would not consume more
than ten or fifteen minutes. More than half an
hour was consumed, and then I appealed to the
gentleman to allow me to proceed. But by some
means, I do not know how, I was deprived of the
floor. I would like to speak this morning, and
if the House will do me the kindness to go into'
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and permit me to deliver my remarks, I
shall be much gratified; but if they will not, I
shall not attempt to speak to-day.  
Mr. SHERMAN. I did apply to the gentle-
man from South Carolina, stating that I desired
to take up an appropriation bill and pass it; but
I told him at the same time—and he will bear
witness to the truth of my remark—that at two
o 'clock the special order, the election of Public
Printer, would come up, and that I would not
urge more than one vote to-day, if no election was
made; that then it would be three o'clock; that
after one vote, I had no doubt we would gd into
committee, and he would have the floor to proceed
with his remarks.
Mr. ASHMORE. I stated to the gentleman,
m reply, that I had objection to it; but, that I
would waive it all, and 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was the
understanding that the gentleman from South
Carolina should have the floor; and as some mem-
bers on the other side are absent, and theyare not
ready to vote to-day, I suggest that, by unanimous
consent, we go into the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, and afterwards come
into the House and proceed with the election.
Mr. BRANCH If it can be the general un-
derstanding that that course shall be pursued, I
am willing to withdraw my call for the yeas and
nays, and let my motion to postpone to one o'clock
to-morrow pass.
Mr. KILGORE. Do I understand, then, that
gentlemen upon the other side of the House will
forego all filibustering, and go into an election
an hour hence ? *
Mr. HOUSTON. I will say to gentlemen upon
the other side of the House, that Mr. Curry, of
Alabama, is not in the city, and I believe the gen-
tlemen from Delaware, Mr. Whiteley, is also
absent from the city. They will not probably be
here to take their seats to-day, and therefore I
shall oppose any arrangement of the sort. If gen-
tlemen on the other side are determined to press
a vote under the circumstances which exist, they
must take the responsibility. I make 110 agree-
ment to go into an election in an hour.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I insist upon my call
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I would like
to ask if there is any objection upon the Demo-
cratic side of the House to this proposition to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for an hour, and then come out of com-
mittee and vote for Printer ? I wish to know, so
that we may be satisfied whether we are to have
a vote to-day.
Mr. BRANCH. In reply to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, I will say that some five mem-
bers of the House upon this side are absent, un-
paired, and wc cannot do justice to ourselves agd
the country by consenting to go into a vote at f '"
hour to-day. We have no assurance that j'
gentlemen will be here.
Mr. CLEMENS. It must be apparent t
side of the House that nothing can be tflsfeom-
plished by pressinga vote to-day. It is now three
o'clock; the yeas ami nays will consume half an
hour; a call of the House will consume another
half hour; then it will be four o'clock; andbytlie
fillibustering motions which will be resorted to
upon this side of the House, ah election can be
