1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
hcfy its number—to refund back to the State of
Georgia certain moneys expended by her for rev-
olutionary claims. It has been reported by the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
Tne PRESIDING OFFICER. Will the Sen-
ator from Georgia indicate the number of the bill
he desires taken up?
Mr. IVERSON. I do not know the number.
I withdraw the motion for the present, as the Sec-
retary seems unable to find it.
ADJOURNMENT TO FRIDAY.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, it
was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to
meet on Friday next.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. GWIN. If there is no other business be-
fore the Senate, I should like to have an executive
session for a short time. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 2, 1860.
The House met at t-welve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. L. Elliott.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MORMON DIFFICULTIES.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting, in compliance with the resolution of the
House of Representatives, March 26th, I860, re-
questing "copies of all official correspondence
between the civil and military officers stationed in
Utah Territory, with the heads or bureaus of their
Departments, or between any ofsaidofficers, illus-
trating or tending to show the condition of affairs in
said Territory, since the 1st day of October, 1857,
and which may not have been heretofore officially
published," reports from the Secretaries of State
and of War, and the documents by which they
were accompanied; which was laid upon the table,
and ordered to be printed.
COURT OF CLAIMS REPORTS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House re-
ports from the Court of Claims in cases numbered
from 249 to 255 inclusive; which were referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and ordered
to be printed; the bills being considered as sev-
erally read the first and second time.
IRON FOR CENTRAL RAILWAY.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I
ask unanimous consent of the House to introduce,
for appropriate reference, a bill sent me by one
of my constituents to exempt from duty iron that
mav be used by the Central American railway.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 must object that any
business should be done m the present thin con-
dition of the House.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not propose
action 011 the bill at this time, but only that it
shall be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I have uniformly op-
posed the transaction of any business while the
House was without a quorum; and I do not per-
ceive any good reason why I should now pursue
a different course.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I trust that the
gentleman will not interpose objection to the in-
troduction and reference of the bill. What harm
can be done by its reference?
Mr. COLFAX. I would like to know, Mr.
Speaker, how long the business of this House is
to be held in abeyance? I have no desire, and I
believe none of the members on this side of the
House have any desire, to take advantage of the
continued absence of members of the Democratic
side; but I cannot understand what objection
there can be, after we have patiently waited for
ten <lavs, to members who have bills introducing
them for reference.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I am sure that
the objection will be withdrawn to the introduc-
tion and reference of the bill I have indicated.
The Committee of Ways and Means will exam-
ine it, and report to us whether it is right or wrong
that the bill should be passed. I do not propose
to act on it now.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope that the gentleman
from Georgia will withdraw his objection.
Mr.CRAWFORD. I willsayaword in reply
to the gentleman from Indiana. Iam not respons-
ible for the absence of members, or the fact that
the House lacks the presence of a quorum of its
members. It is a matter for those who are absent,
between themselves and their constituents. If the
House of Representatives be composed of two
hundred and thirty-seven members, then, sir, I
think that sixty or seventy ought not to be per-
mitted to transaetbusiness. Myjudgment is clear
on that point.
Mr. COLFAX. I do not want the gentleman
from Georgia to misunderstand me. I do not de-
sire that we shall take up disputed questions and
determine them; but I do think, after we have
waited patiently for ten days, that gentlemen who
have bills ought to have an opportunity to intro-
duce or to report them for reference.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. It occurs to me,
Mr. Speaker, that my proposition is not in contra-
vention of any understanding entered into between
the two sides of this House. I do not ask action
on the bill, and I do not favor that affirmative or
negative votes should be taken on bills that may
be presented. All I desire is, that bills may be
presented for reference to appropriate committees.
Mr. WINSLO W. Bills referred lay the foun-
dation for action hereafter.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. That is true; but
I desire only to send this bill to the committee,
where this business has been under consideration.
The matter of the tariff has been before the Com-
mittee ofWays andMeans,and they have report-
ed upon it, and I am anxious and solicitous that
this bill should go there before final action is taken
upon that subject. I have no personal feeling in
the matter, nor is this a favorite measure of mine.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Suppose I should with-
draw my objection to the introduction of this bill,
and suppose afterwards another gentleman should
ask permission to have another bill, looking to an
appropriation or for the lelief of somebody, or in
reference to a private claim, referred to a commit-
tee, and I should object to that, would notgentle-
men turn round to me and say 1 did not object
to the proposition of the gentleman from Illinois?
Really, I have no objection to allowing this bill to
be referred to the Committee ofWays and Means,
as the gentleman desires; but other bills will be
introduced for reference to thevariouscommittees,
and my opinion is, that if bills are allowed to be
referred, that is almost equivalent to their return
from the committees with a recommendation that
they do pass; and the only way I have to prevent
bills passing for the relief of private persons, is to
object, at such times as I may have an opportunity
to do so, before they are referred.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to the
introduction and reference of this bill?
Mr. CRAWFORD. With the statement just
made, I will not object to this bill.
The bill was read by its title, as follows:
A bill to exempt fromduty the iron for the Cen-
tral American Railroad Company.
Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina will not object. I think the other
side of the House has been very liberal to us m
the absence of our friends, and I hope gentlemen
will allow this bill to be referred. I am opposed
to the bill;1 but I would like to have it presented
and referred to the committee.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I do not say that
I am in favor of this bill. I do not express any
opinion upon that point; but I desire that it should
°o to the Committee ofWays and Means.
& Mr. WINSLOW. I object.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. DUNN. I move that there be a call of the
House. I think it is time that we should go to
business. Let gentlemen who are absent bear the
responsibility of obstructing it.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COBB. I demand the yeas and nays upon
a call'of the House, that the record may show
who made the call.
The SPEAKER. The demand for the yeas
and nays is too late, as the question is already
^°Mr COBB. i want the record to show who are
desirous to break up the session; and I want you,
gentlemen reporters, to note that I demanded the
yeas and nays upon the motion that there be a call
of the House. • -
Mr. MAYNARD. Would it be in prder to ©or©:
that the rules be suspended, and that the House
resolve itself into the Committee of the Wholcon
the. state of the Union? [Cries of " No!" "No
The SPEAKER. It would not be, pending a;
call of the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will, under the circumstances, withdraw
his motion for a call of the House. So far as I
am concerned, I was in favor of the introduction.
of the bill of the gentleman from Illinois, and of
all other bills, and let them be referred. The mo-
tion will.only result in breaking up the sitting,
for I presume there is no quorum present. Gen-
tlemen are desirous of making speeches, and I
think the House had better go into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As there is
apparently no quorum present, and as gentlemen
want to make speeches, I will, if the gentleman
will withdraw his motion, move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. DUNN. I would be glad to accommodate
the gentleman. I desire to say that I did not make
the motion, because gentlemen on the other side
objected to the introduction of the bill offerqd by
the gentleman from Illinois. We shall have no
quorum presentuntil w-ehave a call of tho,House.
For that reason 1 made the motion. I desire that
the country shall know who absent themselves
from business. And I will keep this cpurse up
during the Chicago convention.
The SPEAKER. There has been a response,
and the Clerk will proceed with the call.
The roll was then called, when the following
members failed to answer to their names:
Mtiasra. Adrain, Ashley, Babbitt, Barksdale, Barr, Bar-
rett, Beale, Bocoek, Boulignv, Branch, Biayton, Briggs,
Bristow, Brown, Burcli, Burlingame, Burnett, Burroughs,
Carey, Horace F. Clark, John Ji. Clark, Clemens, Clark B.
Cochrane, Jolm Cochrane, Conkling, Cooper, Corwm, Cox,
Jainns Craig, Burton Craigc, Davidson, John G. Davis,
Reuben Davis, De Jarnette, Dunmick, Duell, Edgerton,
Edwards, Ely, Fenton, Florence, Fouke, French, Garnett,
Gilmer, Gooch, Gialiam. Hale, Hall, Hardeman, John T.
Harris, Haskin,Hatton, Hawkins, Hill, Hinduiaii, Hughes,
Humphrey, Jackson. Keitt, Kenyon,Kunkel, Lamar, Lnn-
drum, Larnxbee, DeWitt C. Leach, T.ogftn, Longneefcer,
Loveioy, Maelay, Elbert S.Martin. McClernand, McPher-
son, McQueen, McRae, Miles. Millward, Montgomery,
Sydenham Mooie, Moinll,Edward JoyMorris.Morse. No.
ell, Palmer, Perry, Potter, Pottle, Pryor, Rice, Rnflin,
Seranton, Sickles, Simms, Somes, Spaulding, Stevenson,
JaiW's A. Stewart, Stout, 'i'appan, Theater, Trimble, Un-
derwood, Valla'ndighain, Van Wyck, Verree, Waliiraii,
Walton, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wiuteley, Wilson,
Wood, and Wright.
During the call,
Mr. LEAKE said: Mr. De Jarnette hasjust
received a letter from home, announcing the se-
vere sickness of a child, and he is preparing to
leave for home.
Mr. REYNOLDS stated that Mr. Graham was
paired off with Mr. Dimmick until the latter part
of this week.
Mr. MALLORY stated that Mr. Bristow was
confined to his room by sickness.
Mr COLFAX stated that Mr. Waldrok was
paired off with Mr. Keitt until Friday of this
week at noon.
Mr. avery stated that Mr. Wright wasde-
tallied at his room this morning by indisposition.
Mr. WINSLOW stated that Mr. Rcffin was
detained at home by sickness.
Mr. HOARD stated that Mr. Burroughs was
at home sick.
Mr. ALLEY stated that he had paired oil with
Mr Craig, of Missouri, upon all political ques-
tions, until his return from Charleston.
Mr. aUARLES stated that Mr. Hindman had
been called home on account of the sickness of his
wife, and was paired off with some gentleman
upon the other side.
Mr. ASHMORE stated that Mr. McQ.ueen
was paired off with Mr. L12ACII, of Michigan.
Mr. ROYCE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Morrill, was paired off with some gentleman
upon the other side of the House; and that his
other colleague, Mr. Walton, was confined to ins
room by indisposition. . „
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Pottle. . ,
Mr. STRATTON stated that he was paired ott
withMr.Whiteley during his absenceat Charles-
