1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
towards completion, or simply to preserve what
has !h cm already executed from decay and ruin.
I think k is sufficient that these works shall be
preserved. We have no such reason to appre-
hend war within any appreciable time as to make
it necessary to push on these works to comple-
tion. There is nothing in the exigency of our
national affairs such as to make it necessary that
it should be done at this time, particularly when
it is proposed largely to increase the taxes upon
the people, because the revenues arc insufficient
to carry on the Government, even on an econom-
ical scale. 1 say there is nothing under these cir-
cumstances wincl) wariantsus in making large
expenditures upon these works.
From the explanation of the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means, 1 learn that it is
the object of the bill to prosccute those woiks;
and, having ascertained that fact, I propose, with
the consent of the committee, to withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I object to the withdrawal.
I apprehend that my friend from North Caro-
lina was laboring under a misapprehension when
he proposed ins amendment, it is in the follow-
ing words':
No part ot the sums hereinbefore appiopiiated shall be
expended lor prosecuting any uuiiiii&hed work- ; and only
go much Mia!I be expended a* may bo neco-^aiy lor the
preservation and repair oi woik aiieuity executed,
Now, the committee had no idea, when this
fortification bill was under consideration before
them, that we were to commence any work not
already in progress. Our purpose was, to pre-
serve the public works without commencing any
new ones, and to complete such works as were
in such condition that they could, without any
remarkable expenditure of money, be completed
within the present or the next fiscal year. I
will state to the gentleman that there are several
works of the latter chaiacter. I repeat, there was
no proposition to make any expenditure upon any
work which had not been diieetlyand absolutely
authorized by the Congress of the United States
prior to the present session.
Mr. BRANCH. If that be the case, I am only-
surprised that the purpose of the committee is not
expressed in the bill; that they should not have
used the wouls, " for continuation, repairs, and
preservation," instead of "for preservation and
repairs." If it was their intention to continue
these works, I do not see why the bill should not
so state.
Mr. CRAWFORD. If my friend from North
Carolina had read this bill with his usual care, he
would have found that it says, " for construc-
tion," as well as u for preservation and repairs."
Now, if, m the completion of a work which is very
nearly done, it is necessary to expend $50,000,
the expenditure of that money is certainly for
construction; and the language is quite as legiti-
mately used as if we had used the word con-
tinuation. "
Mr. BRANCH. My friend from Georgia will
observe that that word " construction," although
it appears in the title, is nowhere found in the
body of the bill.
Mr. CRAWFORD. The phrase is " construc-
tion, preservation, and repairs" of certain fortifi-
cations; and u applies to every item in the bill as
much as if we had used the word continually in
every paragraph. There are certain works nearly
completed, such as Fort Baylor, Fort Jefferson,
Fort Delaware, and divers others, for which it is
intended the appropriation in this bill shall be
used to complete. We do not intend, by any
moans, to confine the expenditure of the appro-
priations simply to preservation and repairs, and
therefore I say the amendment of the gentleman
from North Carolina, if adopted, would defeat the
object of the bill; and I am glad to see that his
sense of propriety has induced him to withdraw it.
Mr. BRANCH. Having accomplished my
object, by ascertaining what was the precise in-
tention of the Committee of Ways and Means,
1 withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I submit the following
amendment:
Insert after line forty-four:
For repahs of Fort St. Philip, Mississippi river, §15,000.
For repairs of Fou Jackson, Mississippi river, $ib,OU0.
Now, Mr. Chairman, for the purpose of show-
ing the necessity and propriety of this amend-
ment, I ask to have read the following letter.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Engineer Department,
Washington, March 12,1850.
Sir. In reply to your verbal inquiry of this morning, X
have the honor to aate that, in the estimate for fortifica-
tions lor tiie next fiscal year, prepared at this office, th.e
amounts asked for Forts Jackson and St. Philip, Missis-
sippi nvcr, were, respectively, $16,00a and f lo,000. This
estimate, winch is referred to by the Secretary of War in
his annual report, was reduced, however, by his direction
so as to correspond m amount (-$675,000) with that appro-
priated by Congiess for military defenses last year; and
consequently the special items for many of the forts, and
among them the two above named, were omitted en-
tirely.
It is proper to remark, further, that the Secretary of War
submitted the estimate of this office with his annual re-
port, in order that Congress might have the data upon
which to act understandably, if Uiey should see lit to in-
crease tile aggregate appropriations for military defenses
beyond that granted at the las>t session.
Very respectfully, youf obedient servant,
R. E. D£ RUSSY,
Lieutenant Colonel Engineers Commanding.
Hon. Thomas G. Davidson, House of Representative*.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but a word or two
to say about this amendment. I find in the re-
port of the Secretary of War the facts in reference
to the condition of the works at Fort Jackson and
Foit St. Philip. In the estimates submitted to
us by the Secretary of War there is no estimate
for either of those works. We inferred, there-
fore, that there was no necessity for any appro-
priation. Estimates are submitted by the War
Department to the Secretary of the Treasury, and
by him to the Committee of Ways and Means.
I take it, that the Secretary of War does not rec-
ommend any of these works, or else he would
have had submitted estimates for them.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. REAGAN. I offer the? following amend-
ment:
For the construction of a fort on the cast end of Galves-
ton island, ?5100,000.
Mr. PEYTON. Is that amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman rise
to a point of order ?
Mr. PEYTON. I do; and my point of order
is, that there is no existing law authorizing such
an appropriation.
Mr. REAGAN. The gentleman assumes that
there is no law authorizing the construction of a
fort on the east end of Galveston island. Let me
inform the gentleman and the committee that there
was an appropriation made some years ago for
the construction of a fort at this point, and to the
amount specified in my amendment. We have a
coast of a thousand miles in extent, and there is
not a single fortification upon it.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair is constrained
to rule the amendment out of order.
Mr. REAGAN I trust that the gentleman
from Kentucky will withdraw his point of order
until I can make a brief statement.
Mr. PEYTON. I withdraw my point of order
to hear the statement of the gentleman from
Texas.
Mr. REAGAN. I have already stated that
there was an appropriation of $100,000 made some
years ago for the construction of a fort at this
point. The necessity for the building of a fort
there grows out of the fact that we have no forti-
fication on the coast.
Mr. PEYTON. Is there an appropriation for
the work now,and is this appropriation intended
to carry the work on ?
Mr. REAGAN. I will explain, as I have al-
ready stated, that there was an appropriation j
made for this work, but it was not used by the i
Department. The time intervened by the law, |
and the appropriation lapsed back into theTroas- !
ury. I will state again, as to the necessity of this j
work, that there is not a fort between the month I
of the Mississippi river and the mouth of the Rio \
Grande, some twelve hundred miles of coast. It j
is true that wc do not need a fort now. If we I
could be assured that we would never again beat j
war, I admit that there would be no necessity for
any fortification there or anywhere else. As it is,
that coast stands exposed. Galveston is our chief
harbor. A considerable city has grown up there,
with an extensive commerce, which is now en-
tirely unprotected. A fort built on the east point
of the island would command the harbor and the
coast outside of it, and it would protect the city,
and the shipping and commerce which are there
concentrated. It cannot he questioned, in view
of all the facts, that such a work is nccessary, so
long as it remains the policy of the Government
in a time of peace to prepare for war. If there be
no necessity for a fort there, there is no-necessity
for a fort at any other place. I take it that forti- *
fications are constructed in time of peaee for the
protection of our commerce and our cities in timed
of wdr.
Mr. PEYTON. I renew my point of order. I
understand, from the gentleman from Texas, that
there is now 110 appropriation for constructing
this fort; that there was an appropriation at one
time; that it has gone back into the Treasury. It
may be important to build a fort there; but I in-
sist, as there is no authority of law for the con-
struction of this work, that the gentleman's
amendment is not in order to this bill.
Mr. REAGAN, in reply to the gentleman, I
will say this 
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I object to debate.
Mr. REAGAN. All I wanted to state is this:
I presume there cannot be found on the statute-
book, since the foundation of this Government,
any particular statute for anyone of the fortifica-
tions in the country.
The CHAIRMAN. In accordance with the
previous decision of the committee, the Chair is
constrained to rule the amendment out of order.
Mr. STOUT. I offer the following amend-
ment:
For surveying the mouth of the Columbia rivor, and fix-
ing a site, preparatory to the construction of necessary forti-
fications at that point, $5,000.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I make the point of order
that the amendment is not in order; that there is
no law authorizing the survey of the river.
Mr. STOUT. There is a general law, under
which the Secretary of the Interior may do this.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. REAGAN. I make a point of order
against the whole bill, and it is this: that there is
no statute on the statute-book authorizing the
building of any fort named in the bill.
Mr. PHELPS. The appropriations are all for
works now in the process of construction.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I offer the fol-
lowing amendment:
For the foi tification of Fort Wayne, at Detroit, tea cents.
[Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, I hope that amendmentwill not
be objected to as being out of order. I have offered
it to enable me to put some questions to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means. Can
he tell me how many soldiers are quartered in all
the forts mentioned in this bill, at the present time?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. It is evi-
dent that the gentleman is not supporting his own
amendment, and is reflecting upon a high func-
tionary of the Government. I raise that as a point
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not see
that the gentleman is out of order.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I do not sup-
port my amendment. I am afraid it will be lost.
We have ten thousand miles of coast, and
$100,000,000 will not make a system of defense
which would be worth minding. And yot we
dole out money here every year to be appropri-
ated for purposes which are not worth two cents
after they are accomplished.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I rise to a point of or-
der. The House ordered all general debate to be
closcd upon this bill, and the gentleman is enter-
ing into general debate.
Mr, HOWARD, of Michigan. I am speaking
under the five-minute rule, and it is too bad to in-
terrupt me.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that the five-minute debate was not closed by the
order of the House..
Mr. UNDERWOOD. This amendment is to
appropriate money for build ing a fort, and the gen-
tleman is arguing that money will not do any good.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. This is a new
fort, and has cost the Government §100,000 within
the last six or eight years; and I insist that there
is great propriety iu the appropriation to keep it
sound. I was going to say that this whole sys-
tem was wrong, and that we do not and cannot
rely upon it. A thousand million dollars would
