1902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
Mr. CRAWFORD stated that Mr. Underwood
was paired oif until the 6th of next month with
Mr. Babbitt.
Mr. GrARTRELL stated that Mr. Hardeman
was paired off with Mr. Kenyon.
Mr. ASHMORE stated that his colleague, Mr.
Mile*, was absent on account of indisposition.
Mr. LEAKE stated that he was paired off with
Mr. Corwin. '
Mr. TOMPKINS stated that Mr. Theaker
was absent onaccountof the severe indisposition
of his wife, and had paired off with Mr. Davis,
of Indiana.
The names of the absentees having been called,
Mr. CASE moved that all further proceedings
under the call be dispensed with.
Mr. COBB. Is there a quorum present?
The SPEAKER. A quorum have answered
to their names.
Mr. COBB. I want to show that we have a
quorum; and to show that, if the Charleston con-
vention cannot do anything-, we can. [Laughter.]
The motion was agreed to; and all further pro-
ceedings under the call were accordingly dispensed
with.
K15EPING OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS, ETC.
Mr. PETTIT. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to report back, from the Joint Com-
mittee on the Library, a bill, with a view to put
it upon its passage. It is a matter of importance,
and it ought to be acted upon at once. It involves
no question upon which there will be any differ-
ence of opinion among gentlemen of the House.
It is House bill No. 665, which has been printed,
and laid upon the desks of members, for sometime.
The bill, which was read, provides that in all
cases where the number of copies of any docu-
mcntis insufficient to supply one institution there-
with, upon the designation of each member of
the Senate and House of Representatives, as re-
quired by existing law, the same may be distrib-
uted by the Secretary of the Interior to such in-
corporated colleges, public libraries, athenaeums,
literary and scientific institutions, boards of trade,
or public associations, as he may select; that the
documents of the second session of the Thirty-
Fifth Congress shall be sent to the same insti-
tutions which were designated to receive those
of the first session; and in all cases hereafter, the
selection of an institution to receive the documents
ordered to be published or procured at the first
session of any Congress shall control the docu-
ments of the entire Congress, unless another des-
ignation be mmlo before any distribution has
taken place under the selection first made; pro-
vided, however, (hat where the same work is
printed by order both of the Senate ami House
of Representatives, the duplicates may be sentto
different institutions, if so desired, by the mem-
ber whose right it is to direct the distribution;
that one st t of the works of John Adams, and
four sets of American State Papers, volumes four
and five, shall be distributed to the institutions
described by law, on the designation of the mem-
bers of the Senate and House of Representatives
of the present Congress, which designation shall
also control the distribution of an equal number
of each of the volumes thereof yet to he published;
that instead of live hundred copies of the Biennial
Register, or Blue Book, now ordered to he pub-
lished, There shall in future be published two thou-
sand copies, to be distributed as the Statutes at
Laige are, or may lie, distributed; that m lieu of
the number of copies of the pamphlet laws di-
rected by act of April '20, lbl8, to be delivered to
the officers of the Executive Depnrfments, there
shall hereafter be delheied to the head of e«eh
Department, including the Attorney General, for
the use of those officers, a number equal to the
number of copies which they are, or may be, en-
titled to receive of the Statutes at Large, published
by Little & Brown, under the provisions of the
act of August 8, 1846; that one copy of .the do- ,
cisions of the Supreme Court, published by au- 1
thority of the act of August 29, 1842, shall be 1
deposited in the office of the Secretary of the Tnte- ,
rior, nnd one copy sent to each of the judges and
to the solicitor of the Court of Claims, the" judges :
of the criminal and orphans Vourts for the District ;
Df Columbia, the Commissioner of Customs, the I
Commissioner of Patents, and to the heads of ]
such other executive offices of equal grade as have j
been established since the passage of the law dis- !
tributing the decisions, and to such as may here- i
after be provided for, each of whom shall likewise
be entitled to receive one copy of the Statutes at
Large; that fifty copies of the American State
Papers, now in course of publication, as author-
ized by act of June 12, 1858, shall be deposited
and kept in the library of the House of Repre-
sentatives,twenty copies in the library of the Sen-
ate, two copies in the congressional library, one
copy in the library of the President, one copy in
the State and territorial library of each State and
Territory, and ten copies in each of the Executive
Departments for the use of the officers connected
therewith; and that all acts or parts of acts incon-
sistent with the provisions of the bill be repealed.
Mr.MALLORY. I must object to the bill. It
seems to me it provides for the printing of an
additional number of books, which I am not pre-
pared to vote for without further investigation. 1
dislike that feature of the bill which refers to the
Blue Book.
Mr. PETTIT. If the gentleman from Kentucky
will be kind enough to hear me upon that point I
am satisfied he will withdraw his objection.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw my objection
for the present.
Mr. PETTIT. The Blue Book is the official
register of all the officers of the Government, pub-
lished biennially. It was directed to be done by
an act of Congress in 1816, and the number was
limited by that act to five hundred. Since that time
an act of Congress has required that of that num-
ber one copy shall be furnished to every Senator
andevery member of the House of Representa-
tives, thus taking at once three hundred and eight
copies out of the five hundred. The purpose of
this register is, of course, familiar to every one.
It is important to have it in almost every ollice of
the Government, in the legations and consulates
abroad, in all the Departments, and in the courts,
andamongthe officers of the State and Territories.
Indeed, there is hardly any point where public
service is to he rendered in which officers are not
frequently required to invoke the aid of others at
distant points, and it is necessary to know the
names of such officers.
Now, Mr. Speaker, since this act was passed,
there has been a large increase of public offices,
sometimes by the creation of new bureaus, in
some instances by the creation of new Depart-
ments, as in the case of the offices of Attorney
General,as now constituted, and of the Secretary
of the Inteiior; and it is necessary to furnish them
m like manner. The number now supplied is in-
sufficient; and the consequencc is, that these De-
partments of the Government aie driven to the
necessity of going to booksejjets andmnkmg their
purchases there, outside ofthe regularpubheation
authorized by Congress. "With a view of supply-
ing the Departments, the purpose of ihis bill is
to increase the edition, and thus bring it within
the possession of the different Departments of the
Government.
Air. MALLORY. On the information given
by the gentleman, I withdraw my objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object to the bill. I think
if ought to lie discussed. There are \arious prop-
ositions m it of some importance. When the bill
comes up regularly, f want to say something in
regard to the Blue Book, for the last Blue Book
was very disreputably got up, and is entirely un-
reliable; and I do not want to have copies multi-
plied of such a book as that. If it cannot ue got
up in a better manner, 1 should rather dispense
with it altogther.
Mr. PETTIT. I trust the gentleman from Ala-
bama will withdiaw his objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I cannot withdraw it.
A'lr. GARTRRLL. Then I object to further
debate.
Mr. ENGLISH. Itis evident that this bill can-
not pass tins morning; and I therefore move that
th" rules be suspended, ond that the House resolve
itself into t {in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the' Union.
Mr. PETTIT. I trust that after the reflection
of the gentleman from Alabama, on the manna-
in which the Blue Book is got up, I will be per-
mitted to make a remark.
Mr. HOUSTON. I used the word " disrepu-
table." I did not by that intend to impeach the
motives of anybody. I simply mean to say that
the Blue Book carries on its pa^*'-; the evidence of
inattention. It is inaccurate; and, as such, 1 ob-
ject to having any multiplication of itj copies
without having something to say on the subject.
One of the largest points in my district, whotre
there is a post office—a presidential appointment
—is absolutely omitted out ofthe Blue Book.
Mr. PETTIT. I recognize, in some respects,
the correctness of the objection taken by the gen-
tleman from Alabama. The Blue Book ought not
to be prepared in the office of the Secretary of
State, for the reason that that office has recently
taken the character of a foreign office simply.
Mr. JONES. I object to debate.
Mr. PETTIT. Then I move that the bill be
recommitted to the Committee on the Library.
Mr. ENGLISH. I do not wish my colleague
to suppose that I have any objection to lji« bdh
I merely made the motion because I saw that his
bill could not be passed to-day.
Mr. PETTIT. Then I ask my colleague to
withdraw his motion, in order that I may move
to recommit the bill.
Mr. ENGLISH. I will withdraw my motion
for that purpose.
Mr. JONES. The bill is not before the House
at all; and therefore the motion is not in order.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then I renew my motion.
The SPEAKER. The motion that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union is m order. The question is on that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am in favor of that motion;
but before the question is taken on it, I desire to
give notice that, before we go into committee to-
morrow, I sh^ll move to make the tariff bill a
special order in committee, so that debate may be
confined to that bill, and that we may get a vote
upon it at as early a day as practicable.
Mr. PETTIT. I am informed that the reading
of the bill is regarded as having been merely for
the purpose of information. The bill is not, there-
fore, before the House, and no motion to recommit
is necessary.
The SPEAKER. Objection was made to the
reception of the bill. It was rcj$td simply for the
information of the House. It is, therefore, not
before the House.
NEBRASKA CONTESTED ELECTION.
Mr. GARTRELL. I have been requested by
Mr. Estabrook, the sitting Delegate for the Ter-
ritory of Nebraska, to present in his behalf a me-
morial in regard to his seat, now contested by Mr.
Daly, and to move its reference to the Committee
of Elections, and that it be printed.
It was so ordered.
EXPLANATION.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. In regard
to the matter between the. gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] and myself, yesterday, as
to the authority of a judge m writs of habeas corpus,
I desire to have read an extract from the British
law of 1816, so that there may be no misunder-
standing of my position. I said, yesterday:
'•The gentleman will pardon me n I a<i;un inters upt him.
The gentleman know.-* that, by t'i i English law, except in
particular eases, the wnt of habeas corpus allow* the judge
to inquitc into the facts upon which Hie imprisonment
tnke- plaee,a-« well as into the ic<iulaury of theduentiou."
The gentleman from Virgin.a doubted the ac-
curacy of my statement. Now, I merely ask that
the third section of the act of 181G 1-c lead. 1
do not intend to reopen the debate or to say an-
other word, but simply to show that 1 was not
advocating anything very irregular.
The Clerk read as follows, from the act of 56
George 111,:
11 he it further cnar'cd by the authority aforesaid,
That in nil cases provided for by fhi< act. although the re-
turn to any writ ot habeas t ot pui thai I be trood and sufficient
in law, it shall he lawtu} for the justice or baron before
whom fiich wnt may be returnable, to proceed to examine
into the ttuth ofthe fact-2 sei forth in «ueh retmn, by affida-
vit oratfirmation, (in eo-.es whcio an animation is allowed
by law,) and to dotheiem a-! to ju^-tic" shall appertain ; and
if such wnt slml! he retained befon at;\ om-oi thc«.ud ju.s-
tice&or b iio>, rind it shall appeal doubtful to him, on sucii
examination, whether the material faeN --rt forth in said re-
turn or anyoftiiem be nueor not, in -aiche^eit shalian.l
may be lawful for^aidjustiee orbaion to lei to bail the said
person t-.o eontmcd or regained, upon ins or hoi entering
Into iceognizanee, with one or nioie smeties. or in ease of
infancy oreovetnreorotliei disability, upon security by rec-
ognizance m a icasonat.Ie dim, to appear in the court of
wlneh tfii> -.aid pi-t.ee oi baron shall be a justice orbaion,
npon a day ecitaui in the teim following; and -=ofiom day
to day, a , the ooint shall requue, and to abide such o'der
a-* tin court Mia'] make in and combining the premises;
and siteh justice or b.non ^hail transmit into the same
eoun the said wut and return, togethei with such iccogni-
/.ance, affidavits and affirmations; and theioupon it shall
be lawful tor the c--aul com t to proceed to examine into the
tiuth ot the facts set forth in the return, in a summaiv way
by ailidavit or affirmation, (in ca^e? where by law affirma-
