2846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
notestablish. a system of fortification which would
defend our country. We depend upon our people
to drive out and keep out the enemy. These forts
are useless; and if they were sunk to-day the
country would he better off.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am opposed to appro-
priating ten cents for that fort at Detroit.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. It is theiiest
fort there is.
Mr. CRAWFOEUl*. Then it does not need
anything, if that is true. But I desire to say that
the remarks of the gentleman are calculated to
induce the House to vote against fortifications
entirely. Now, it is true that we may well rely
upon the courage of our people whenever we are
invaded; but 1 ask the gentleman what we would
do with that kind of defense to which he has re-
ferred in the city of New York, under the new
guns which are made in other countries, and
which are used on board of ships laying out m
the bay, three or five miles distant? vessels with
such guns could lay any amount of contribution
on any city of the Union, and all the men in the
Union could not prevent their approach to, and
destruction of, any city they chose. Notwith-
standing all your railroads, and all the available
men in the Republic thrown into the city of New
York, the British fleet could lay out in the bay,
and, with shot and shell, could levy any amount
of tribute which their cupidity or their hatred of
us might dictate. But with guns made by our
own people, and mounted upon these works, we
could, when these hostile vessels come into our
bays, sink them.
I care not what may be the courage of our
people. I ask what men with muskets in their
nands, or with rifles in their hands, could do when
those vessels lay three miles off? These fortifi-
cations are absolutely necessary for the protection
of the property of your merchants in the various
cities of this country, which may be approached
by a foreign enemy. You may have any amount
of men in Baltimore, or Galveston, or New York,
or even in the city of Detroit, which the gentle-
man represents, with their muskrts and their rifles,
or any other short arms; yet what would the gen-
tleman do with them, in the cast; of a hostile ves-
sel laying out at sea and throwing shot and shell?
It is true that we have an extensive coast, and
we cannot defend ail of it with these fortifications;
yet I cannot conceive of a more important expend-
iture of public money, so long as these improve-
ments in guns are being made in other portions
of the world, than is expended in the construc-
tion of these fortifications.
Mr. SHERMAN. J move that the committee
rise, for the purpose of terminating debate.
The motion was agreed to. 4
So the committee rose, and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly a bill (H. R. No. 217) making appro-
priations for the construction, preservation, and
repairs of certain fortifications and other works
of defense for the year ending June 30, Z8G1, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that all debate on
the pending bill in committee be terminated from
the time the consideration of the same is resumed
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House now
resolve itself into, the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. GROW. I rise to a privileged question.
I desire to make a report from a ""committee of
conference.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot in-
terrupt the business of the House. [Laughter.]
The motion of Mr. Sherman was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Kellogg, of Illinois, in the chair,)
and resumed the consideration of the fortification
bill; the question being on the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Howard.]
Mr. HO WARD, of Michig an. By unanimous
consent, I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I object,
Mr. STANTON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "ten cents" and inserting
"$10,000." The resolution of the House 
A Voice. No debate is in order.
Mr. STANTON. The resolution of the House
did not cut off amendments and five minutes' de-
bate upon them. It only cut off general debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it did.
The CHAIRMAN. In the opinion of the Chair,
the express language of the resolution terminated
all debate upon this bill, and upon the different
sections of the bill.
Mr. STANTON. The rule provides that if
the House desires to cut offdebatc upon an amend-
ment, it shall be so stated in the resolution. But
such a resolution was not adopted by the House.
It is only a general resolution to stop debate on
the bill, and not upon the amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. Theresolution is not be-
fore the Chair; but the Chair is advised that the
resolution extends as far as the Chair has stated.
Mr. STANTON. I call for the reading of the
resolution by which debate was closed. I do not
want the Chair to state what was intended by it.
The CHAIRMAN. There is a record in the
House; and at the proper time this resolution will
be read, if any gentleman seriously desires it.
Mr. NOELL. I rise to a question of order. I
ask the Chair if this committee is not acting under
the order of the House?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair responds that
the committee is acting under the order of the
House. The question has been asked as to what
the order is, and, until the record is presented to
the Chair, other business will be suspended. The
Clerk will read the order of the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On motion of Mi. Shhrmax,
Ordered. That all further debate on the last paragraph of
the bill of the House (No. 21?) siuiii cease.
Mr. STANTON. That is not the question I
am making. I am moving an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Michigan.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. STANTON. That I must object to.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ohio
must see that this order of the House includes the
portion of the bill to which this amendment is
offered. There can be no question about it; and
the opinion of the Chair is, that no debate is in
order. The question is on the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from Mich-
igan, [Mr. Howard,] increasing the amount from
ten cents to $10,000.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Howard's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the bill be laid
aside, to be reported to the House, and that the
committee take up the naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION' BILL.
The committee proceeded to the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 500) making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending June 30,
J 861.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to dispense with the
first reading of the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the first read-
ing of the bill was dispensed with.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the committee
do now rise and report to the House the bill laid
aside.
The motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
The committee accordingly rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Kellogg, of Illi-
nois, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had had under considera-
tion the Union generally, and particularly House
bill No. 217, making appropriations for the con-
struction , preservation, and repairs of certain forti-
fications and other works of defense, for the year
ending June 30, 1861, and had directed him to
report the same back to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass; also, that the committee
had had under consideration House bill No. 500,
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending June 30, 1861, and had come to
i no resolution thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment and third reading of bill
No. 217.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. REAGAN called for the yeas and nays on
the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken; and the bill was
passed.
Mr. SHERMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MellAE. I move an amendment to the
title of the bill:
Strike out the title, and insert:
An act making appropriations to suspend the public works,
to lar militaiy lortitieationsi are conccined.
1 want the country to know that six hundred
thousand dollars and upwards is appropriated on
the distinct statement of the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means that this money is
only to bring the present works into a condition
in which they may be secure in the future, and
that at that point all the works are to be stopped,
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope so, for some years.
Mr. McllAE. This, therefore, is a bill to sus-
pend the public works, so far as fortifications are
concerned.
UOMESTI5AD BILL.
Mr. GROW. I am instructed to report from the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on Senate bill No. 416, to se-
cure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain, and for other purposes, that, after a full
and free conference, the committee have separated
without coming to any agreement. 1 move that
the House insist on its amendment, and ask for
another committee of conference; and on that I
move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the motion was agreed to.
Mr. GROW moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the motion was agreed to; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Subsequently the Speaker appointed Messrs.
Colfax, Curry, and Aldrich, the managers at
such committee of conference, on the part of the
House.
.MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by the hands of Mr. James
Buchanan, his Private Secretary, notifying the
House that he had approved and signed bills of
the following titles:
An act (EL. R. No. 85) for the relief of R. K,
Doebler;
An act (H. R. No. 130) to paythc State ofMis-
souri the amount expended by said State in re-
pelling the invasion of the Osage Indians:
An act (H. R. No. 214) for the relief of Charles
W. Brooks, of New York;
An act (H. R. No. 219) granting a pension to
Major John F. Hunter;
An act (H. R. No. £24) for the relief of Wil-
liam Y. Hansell, the heirs of W. H. Underwood,
and the representatives of Samuel Rockwell;
An act (H. R. No. 230) for the relief of Shade
Colloway;
An act (H. R. No. 233) for the relief of the
legal representatives of five deceased clerks in the
Philadelphia custom-house;
An act (H. R. No. 236) for the relief of John
Dixon;
An act (H. R. No. 237) for the relief of An-
thony Schlandler;
An act (II. R. No. 262) for the relief of the
heirs or legal representatives of Francois Gutl-
lory;
An act (H. R. No. 266) for the relief of Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke and Captain
Charles S. Winder, of the United States Army;
