1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
South was the legitimate result of the teaching1 of
the people of the North. I think no sane or rea-
sonable man can for one moment doubt.
The different elements of opposition to slavery
throughout tjhe entire North have at last assumed
a distinctive political organization, and that or-
ganization , with the seductive title of " Republic-
an," is, at this moment, shaping the policy th^t
is to undermine, sap, and destroy, unless resisted,
the very foundations of our social polity, of the
rights of the South in the Territories, and finally,
as it has been openly avowed, force the States
themselves owning slaves to the necessity of
emancipating them.
Whilst the "irrepressible conflict" is threat-
ened upon the one hand, the sapping and mining
process is proceeding gradually on the other. I
ask members upon the other side of the House if
thev really expect, can they really be laboring
under the delusion, the ignis fatuus belief, that the
people of the South will tamely acquiesce m such
a policy ?
Sir, 1 desire to indulge in no threat or menace.
Too much of that has already been done, in my
judgment, on both sides of this House. But I
would take occasion to warn gentlemen, if they
really do not wish to see this mighty Confederacy
of States rent asunder, as with a bolt of Heaven's
lightning, to pause and consider; and if they have
it yet in their power to arrest the mad onslaught
made upon the rights and institutions of the South,
to do so, and that, too, speedily.
I know, sir, that much has been said of dis-
union, and that threats of it have been met with
derision and scorn; and I am not surprised that
certain disuniomsts in the South should excite
that feeling as readily in the bosoms of northern
men, as disunionists of the Garrison school at the
North excite the same feeling in southern men.
But gentlemen are mistaken if they suppose that
these arc the true types, reflectors, or representa-
tives of southern feeling. Those who say least are
far the most potent and dangerous adversaries;
and so it will be found whenever the day of trial
and of struggle comes. The bonds of the Union
have been more weakened within the last twelve
months by the enunciation of the " irrepressible-
conflict" doctrine, the emissaries sent south, and
detected and punished, the John Brown invasion
of Virginia, and the indorsement of the Helper
book, than by all the other events in the history
of the agitation of this subject within my mem-
ory. I wish to deal in perfect frankness with
members on the other side of this House, and to
inform them that these events have roused in the
people I represent a spirit they will find it hard
to allay, if they proceed one step further in their
aggressions. Th^yare a people domestic in their
habits, quiet in their deportment, raised to habits
of toil and industry, and who daily labor by the
side of the slaves whom they have raised, and
whom they treat more as companions—as they
are—than as the miserable, down-trodden, servile
creatures your fruitful imaginations have depicted
them. The religious community of my country
are no longer silent spectators of your aggressive
movements. The schools and colleges of my land
have excluded and are daily excluding your books
of learning—as they should do—from our educa-
tional institutions. Our merchants have ceased,
many af them, to visit your large northern marts
to supply our home market with the pioducts of
northern labor. The sentiment is coextensive with
the South that we will first secuie commercial inde-
pendence; and whenever we accomplish that, we
feel well assured that political independence will
be easily obtained. Our artisans, too, with all their
talent and genius, move forward in their line to
supply the wants of the South. We are no longer
willing to be cotton-growers and sugar-planters
alone, that, through "your northern channels of
commerce, furnish almost the entire revenue of the
country. Why should we be compelled to sup-
ply ourselves with the products <>f your looms
and anvils, when we liavf the mo&t abundant re-
sources at our own command, and all thatis ncces-
sary is a concentrated effort on the part of our
people to brinsj info action the appliances at our
command necessary to supply us with all that we
can consume.
But, sir, mv time will not permit me to dwell
longer upon this part of the subject, and 1 forbear.
v The hardy farmer or mountaineer, who has been
accustomed to the use ofthfc ax, the hoe. the plow,
and, more important still, the rifle, grasps it yet
the more firmly in his hand when he is told that it
is the object of the North to turn loose a hungry
horde of free negroes upon him, who, he well
knows, without the guardianship of a master, ard
too lazy to work, but not too proud to steal. But
more than all, he knows that the honor of his wife
and daughter would hardly be safe an hour if these
slaves, totally unfit for self-government, were
turned loose upon his community.
Thus it is, sir, that all classes, slaveholders and
non-slaveholders, are ready to meet this issue if
you force it upon them. They will meet it in any
and every form in which it may be presented.
They do not seek it, they do not desire it, but they
will not shrink from it. These men, with souls
as independent as the bird that cleaves the air of
heaven, as free as the wild deer thatgrazes amid'
their own beautiful valleys and mountains, when
excited to action under a sense of wrong and ag-
gression, will rouse them as the lion from his lair
or the fierce tiger from the jungle. I warn you
again not to provoke such men into active resist-
ance. •
This, Mr. Chairman, brings me to the threat of
coercion, which has so recently and flippantly been
uttered m the debates in this House, as well as else-
where in this city. We are lovers of the Constitu-
tion winch our fathers bequeathed to us. We pre-
fer its perpetuation. We do not threaten or menace
you; we have not disturbed your rights; and you
must not threaten us with coercion, nor shall you
disturb our rights. We have been abused at home
for our Constitution-loving principles, yet we have
pursued our course undeterred and undaunted un-
der the attacks made upon us from every quarter.
We are willing, sir, still to sustain that Constitu-
tion, if it can be maintained hi its integrity, but we
will never submit to have it explained away by
our enemies. Wo have heard the cry of "the
Union !","the Union 1S "the Union!" and if it be
kept up while the aggressions upon our rights do
not cease, then we will answeryou with the slogan
of "the South !" "the South!" "the South!" For
myself, sir, and for the people I represent, I am
free to say that we are devoted to the Constitution
and the Union as our fathers gave them to us, and
that the Union without the Constitution has no
charms for them or for me.
Gentlemen, go on with your aggressions and
your insults; herald forth from all parties of the
North your sympathy with that insurrectionist,
traitor, murderer, John Brown; indorse other
books like that of Helper, a convicted thief by his
own confession, and whose book is a lie in sta-
tistics and sentiment as he has stated them; in-
dulge m menace of coercion, and all the powers of
earth cannot keep this Union much longer to-
gether. j
Now, sir, let me call' your attention and the j
attention of the House for a moment to the vain- I
glorious boast, that the North has eighteen million |
men to subdue eight million in the South. This is j
utterly false in fact, for the North has no such mini- j
beras eighteen million, and the South, instead of I
eight, hastwelvemillion. The Pacific slope has a j
voice in this matter, and so has the great North- j
west, (with the exception, perhaps, of certain dis- j
tncts that have been poisoned by the upas tree of
Abolitionism,) and which, at this moment, holds
in her hands the destiny of this Republic. Even,
however, if you had eighteen million, as has been
proudly claimed for the North, the South will ever
stand united upon the first blowto coerce her. It
is not so, nor can if be so, with the North. You
will first have to overcome a strong body of our
allies in your midst; men true to the Constitution,
the Union, and every noble impulse of patriotism.
Think you they will be idle spectators of your in-
justice? The great Northwest willnot go with you.
Its people, sir, are more identified with the people
of the South than they are with the people of the
North. The magnificent rivers that (low through
their limits and through our own limits, join us
in bands of unity stronger than " hooks ot steel,
!i and which cannot be broken at the mere bidding
!] of the North. With a population of from eight
to ten million, and which, in a few years, will
reach fifteen or twenty million, they will come into
this Hall, wielding irresistible controlling intlu-
ence and power. The Pacific slope, with nearly
one million inhabitants already, and resources
abundantly sufficient for the employment and sus-
tenance of more than twenty times that number,
will not, I apprehend, unite1 with either the Nortk
or the Sduth, but will, acting upon the principle
of self-preservation, take care of itself. Where,
then, are the eighteen millionyou boast of? Will
you not, when the day of conflict arrives, be left
with a'population less th'an that'of the South?
But, sir, whenever yo"u tender the alternative of
arms, it will be accepted. Wlien your spears rattle
upon our shields and upon our helmets, you will
not find us recreants and coward^/, The moment
the gage of battle is thrown down we will take it
up, and meet you in the open field, on foot Or o _
horse, with spear, sword, or dagger, with rifle,
musket, or cannon.
The South, sir, can sustain more men in the
field, battling for her rights, than the North.- Of
our population of over twelve million, more than
four million slave laborers are sufficient to afford
us support for that entire population, and enable
us to keep in the field an army of five hundred
thousand men. Those four million slave labor-
ers will not only afford support for -all, but they
will, in addition, give us a surplus marketable
produce of staple commodities which will yield a
net annual revenue equal to $40,000,000; and in
case our commerce is blocked up-by the closing of
our ports—if the North can have marine force
enough to do that—they will bear a tax annually
during four or five years, of half that sum. Ay,
sir, in an emergency, they would bear a taxation
equal to that entire amount. Will themillions who
will be thrown out of employment at the North,
because of a cessation of intercourse, commercial
and political, between the sections, rush to -the
conflict? Will the strikers for higher wages wage
war against their best friends and customers?
Look at the scenes now being enacted in theman-
ufacturing towns and villages of the North! Is
there anything favorable for you there5 Will
those men, at the beck of politicians, march South
to butcher those who furnish them the means of
their subsistence! If they would gj) into the con-
flict, where are you to obtain your revenue to
support a war? Have you four million laborers
who will tamely submit to the tax that we canin
the South lay upon our slave laborers with perfect
impunity, in order to meet the exigencies of the
times? You have not. Your free labor, as you
call it—but which is in fact the slave of capital—
will not bear it. The South exports annually
about two hundred million of her products, and
her imports for the last fiscal year were less than
eighteen million; while, 011 the contrary, that of
the North was $241,000,000. Suppose your im-
ports were to remain the same: where are you to
find a market for their sale if the North and
South arc separated from each other by an im-
passable barrier, and their people stand confront-
ing each other in battle array, with armed thou-
sands iti the field'
I repeat, Mr. Chairman, that the people of the
North arc worse than mad to agitate the question
of slavery. It must result in their calamity, and
the disruption of the political ties that bind us to-
gether as one nation. And, sir, when the sun
does set upon this Confederacy dismembered, the
clock of time will be put back in reference to the
progress ol free and enlightened government more
than two hundred years. You will have a con-
federacy in the North; we will have one in the
South. 'Another will spring up,/Egis-like, in the
great Northwest, who will be our allies; and still
another in those bright, golden regions of the far-
off Pacific, the most mighty and potent of them
all.
If this be not so, then we may look at the pres-
ent condition of our neighbors, the miserably dis-
tracted Mexico, for an illustration of our own sad
and ruined future.
I repeat the question, then, whose fault is it?
Have we got "peace and domestic tranquillity" *
within our borders' You will not say so. Is not
the entire public mind rocked to and fro us the
earth quivers under the mighty shock of the earth-
quake ' Have we got, m quiet and undisturbed
possession, our representation upon this floor in
right of our slave property ? You do not intend
to" let it remain so one moment longer than you
have the power to remove it.
Your cry of our attempt to reopen the African,
slave trade is all demagogism. There are notfiye
thousand men in my State who are in favor of it.
I do not believe there are three thousand legiti-
mate and legal voters within the borders of South
A
V,
