1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
refe
tion is allowed,) and to order and detejmine, toachin? the
discharging, hailing, or remanding the party."
Mr. MILLSON. Ail that I wonted to do was
to question the correctness of his interpretation
of the statute; and I think the section that has just
been read confirms the correctness of my inter-
pretation. We have, at this day, a similar law
on the statute-book of Virginia; and every justice
must, as a matter of course, examine the correct-
ness of the return.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am sure,
from the noise that prevailed in the Hall, that the
gentleman did not hear the exact intention of the
law. Let me call his attention to the first portion
of what was read by the Clerk;
ccJlndhe it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That
in all cases piovided lor by this act, although the return to
any writ of habeas corpus shall he gowil and sufficient m law.
it shall be lavfui Jar the justice or boron before tihom such
writ may be returnable, to proceed to examine into the truth
of the facts set forth in such return," See.
It will bo seen that the justice or baron may go
behind the return.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The question was taken on Mr. English's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union (Mr. Curtis in
the chair) and resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 338) to provide for the payment
of outstanding Treasury notes, toauthorize a loan,
to regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for
other purposes, on which Mr. English was en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. ENGLISH addressed the committee for
one hour on the political issues of the day. [His
speech will be published in ihe Appendix.]
Mr. DUNN. As my colleague has announced
that his speech was not for effect here, but for
htmie consumption, and as he has referred to the
politics of our own State as well as of other States,
and as he was the secretary of the constitutional
.convention of Indiana, of which I have a distinct
recollection, as I was a member and voted for
him 
Mr. ENGLISH. I thank the gentleman. That
was only-one of his many good deeds.
Mr. DUNN. I desire to know whether there
was any effort made in that convention to confer
upon negroes the rights of suffrage?
Mr. ENGLISH.think that there wasanom-
inal effort of the kind made.
Mr. DUNN. Bv whom, sir?
Mr. ENGLISH. I cannot recall to my mind
by whom.
Mr. DUNN. Then, sir, I will refresh the gen-
tleman's recollection. The only man in that con-
vention who made an effort to confer upon negroes
the right of suffrage was Mr. May, a Democratic
member of that body.
Mr. ENGLISH. 'That is the old story alluded
to heretofore by my colleague from the Wayne
district.
Mr. DUNN. It is true as well as old.
Mr. ENGLISH. Has the gentleman any knowl-
edge of the political whereabouts of Air. May
since that time, or now?
Mr.DUNN. Heisdeceased. [Greatlaughter.]
Mr. ENGLISH. This is the same matter, Mr.
Chairman, that was alluded to at an early period
of the session by my other colleague. I have
never known this Mr. May as a Democrat. I
never heard him spoken of as a Democrat until
the occasion when he was referred to by my col-
league. He was never known m my section as a
Democrat. lit: was never recognized as such that
I know of. Certainly he did not express the opin-
ions of any portion of the Democratic party.
Mr. K1LGORE. I think that he was recog-
nized by the Democratic party to be a Democrat.
Mr. DUNN. He was regularly nominated by
aDemocratic county convention.
Mi. ENGLISH. He was then probably one
of those men who, calling themselves Democrats,
act invariably with the Opposition.
Mr. ASHMORE. I understand the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. DrNn] to state that this Mr.
May was deceased.
Mr. DUNN. 1 made that statement.
Mr! ASHMOIIE. I would follow that fact up
by inquiring whether there was a vote in the con-
vention upon the proposition it is stated Mr. May
introduced.
Mr. DUNN. There was; and Mr. May was
the only man who voted for it.
Mr. ASHMORE. I would further inquire
whether it was that vote that killed him? [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. DUNN. I think the strong probability is
that Democracy was the cause of his decline and
death. He was regarded as one of the most
talented, purest, and best men in the convention.
Mr. ASHMORE. I was laboring under the
impression that his vote killed him, as I did not
believe that any other than a Black Republican
could survive such a vote.
Mr. ENGLISH. Since my respected colleague
has asked me a question, may I inquire whether
he is not one of those who voted against exclud-
ing negroes and mulattoes from our State?
Mr. DUNN. 1 take great pleasure in answer-
ing the question. I have all my life lived upon
the border of Indiana, where I could look every
morning into a slave State. We had a constitu-
tion, made by the men of 1816—by patriots—be-
fore we had any mere patent Democracy. That
constitution contained no provision for the exclu-
sion of negroes. While that constitution existed
we had no inundation of negroes upon us. We
needed no constitutional provision on the subject.
I did vote against their exclusion under the con-
stitution, and for that vote 1 have no apology to
make, here or elsewhere. I will merely say that
my vote was so given, not for the reason thatl de-
sired such an emigration to the State.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then I did not misrepresent
the gentleman.
Mr. COLFAX. Let me put a question to my
colleague.
Mrl ENGLISH. Let me first inquire whether
the gentleman is not in the same category with
my other colleague?
Mr. COLFAX. My colleague must wait till
he answers my question. Is not the State of In-
diana at present under Democratic rule? Is it
not now under a Democratic Governor and Slaie^
officers, and has it not been ever since the time of
the adoption of the revised constitution ? and has
that constitutional provision for the, exclusion of
negroes ever been entirely enforced at the State
capital where that Democratic administration is
installed ?
Mr. ENGLISH. It has been invariably en-
forced. so far as my knowledge extends.
Mr. COLFAX. I wiil state, from my own per-
sonal knowledge, that m the city of Indianapolis,
under the very eyes of the Democratic State ad-
ministration, a negro has gone there recently and
become the minister of a colored Baptist church,
without objection by any one.
Mr. ENGLISH. Then that accounts probably
for the fact that a Republican now represents that
distiictin this House. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLFAX. A Republican member of Con-
gress has nothing to do with the administration of
the State constitution of Indiana. The Demo-
cratic Governor, and the Democratic State officers,
elected by the gentleman's own party, are those
to whose'hands are commuted the execution of
the State laws. I know something of the State,
and I have not heard of a single case where that
law of Indiana excluding negroes and mulattoes
has been enforced.
i Mr. ENGLISH. So far as my district is con-
! corned, I must say that, as for as I am advised,
i that law has been enforced invariably. 1 may
i refer to the fact that there is not, so far as I know,
one negro in the county where 1 live. If a negro
: comes there,the presumption is he comes in viola-
tion of law; and if believed to be a fugitive slave,
the people take him up, sometimes without even
| goin<* before a United States commissioner, or
| without appealing at all to the fugitive slave law.
If they believe mm to be a runaway, they take
1 the responsibility of returning him to his master,
' in view of their constitutional obligations. Our
' courts, where men have been indicted for kidnap-
ping in such cases, have held that they had the
ri ht to so return fugitive slaves. They run the
risk, it is true, of taking a negro who may happen
; to be a ii ee man; but if it turn oy t that he was not
a free man, but a slave, the courts presume that
I the people acted as the agents of the master, who
had a ri"ht to the slave's services,
i Mr. COLFAX. That is aside from the matter
i I am discussing. A judge in the Democratic
j county of Allen, when a case was brought beiore
him, decided that,as the constitution declared that ;
no negro or mulatto should come into the State,.,
it must be proved that the party attempted to be
convicted is cither a negro or a mulatto; that he is
a negro of full blood, or a mulatto of exactly half -
blood, or he would not enforce the law., That
was a judicial decision in tire Democratic county .
of Allen. , v .
Mr. HOLMAN. A somewhat notorious case .
occurred m the county of Ohio, which was after-
wards taken before the supreme court on appeal.
It was affirmed that the State had the power to
carry into effect the law which had been passed
in obedience to the provision of the State consti-
tution. My friend [Mr. Porter] will recollect
the case, as he was then the reporter of the court
Mr. PORTER. I recollect the case, and it was
this: a negro woman came into the county of
Ohiofrom another State and married a negro man.
It was held that, under the constitution, the mar-
riage was void.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I wish to say a sin-
gle word more, because it seems singular to me to
hear myself mentioned as an advocate of negro
equality. I cannot forget, if I would, that my
grandfather was a Kentucky slaveholder. I cannot
forget, if I would, that my fathenvas a Kentucky
slaveholder. I cannot forget, if I would, that per-
haps a majority of tho^e who are allied to me by
blood are how citizens of the State of Kentucky.
It is not probable, sir, with the prejudices of ray
early education, that I would be likely to have too
great sympathy for negroes. In Indiana wc have
adopted a constitutional provision that no negro,
whether he be bond or free, shall be allowed to
come within its limits. Why was this provision
adopted ? Because it was believed that negro labor
ought not to be suffered to come into competition
with white labor in Indiana. What is the-policy
of the Republican party? It is to exclude slavery
from the Territories for that identical reason; and
in the canvass which 1 made in the sixth district
of Indiana, I always took that position. I never
advocated the doctrine that negroes ought to be
put upon a political or social equality with the
white race. My colleague knows very well that
the Republicans in Indiana advocate no such
doctrine. He knows that we put our advocacy
of the exclusion of negroes upon the same ground
which it was put in our State constitution—that
negro labor ought not be allowed to come into
competition with white labor in the Territories.
Having lived both in a slavehokimg and a non-
slaveholdingState,l think I know something of the
relative advantages of slave and free labor, e.nd I
believe that the institution of slavery cannot be
either morally or materially beneficent.
Mr. ENGLISH. My colleague [Mr. Colfax]
has made some remarks which might lead persons
to suppose that there has been no effort to carry
into execution the clause of our constitution pre-
cluding negroes and mulattoes from coming into
the State.
Mr. COLFAX. I spoke of the city of Indian-
apolis, the capital of the State, at which place is
the Democratic administration of Indiana, because
this was a legitimate reply to a Democratic speech
on this subject.
Mr. ENGLISH. The Legislature of Indiana,
since the adoption of that constitution, and when
the Democrats were largely in the ascendency.m
both branches, passed laws upon the subject of
negroes and mulattoes generally, and quite -as
stringent for their exclusion as the constitutional
provision itself. I have in my hand notes of ref-
erence to the Revised Code of Indiana, where these
laws may be found. Here they arc:
1. Negroes and mulattoes not allowed to come
into the State.
2. All contracts with such negroes and mulat-
toes declared to he void.
| 3. Any person encouraging them to come, or
| giving them employment, to be lined from S1G to
j ^500."
' 4. Negroes and mulattoes not to be allowed to
vote. (See vol. 1 as to each of ihese cases.)
5. No negro, or mulatto having e\en one eighth
part of negro blood, shall marry a white person;
and punishes a violation of the law with from one
to ten years' imprisonment, andfmeof from $1,000
to £5,000. (Vol. 2, p. 422.)
6. Any person counselingorassisting suebmar-
riage shall be fined from $100 to $1,000, and the
marriage to be void. (Vol. 2, p. 438.)
