960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1.
*
6
s.
Carolina this day in favor of reopening the Afri-
can slave trade; and had Itime, I would, atsome
length, discuss this question and relate its his-
tory. I have, however, before me the resolutions
on this subject offered in the Legislature of South
Carolinain 1857, when the subject was firstmooted
under the recommendation of his excellency Gov-
ernor Adams; and those resolutions, sustaining
the negative position, were, by consejit of all
parties, laid upon the table, where they sleep the
sleep of death, and where they will never lcnow
a waking. True, a few individuals within the
borders of my State have been concerned in a vio-
lation of the laws upon this subject. That, how-
ever, is not a reflection of the tone and sentiment
of South .Carolina, but more particularly of my
own constituents; and I announce it here, that,
out of fourteen thousand votes in my congres-
sional district, I have never heard of but two men
who are advocates of the measure.
I have but one other fact to refer to, to show
the sentiment of South Carolina, and I will then
dismiss this theme. In the early part of last
November I was in the city of Charleston, when a
meeting, came off at Mount Pleasant, on Had-
drell's Point, across the bay and in sight of that
city. Though it had been paraded in the. news-
papers of the State that the meeting was to take
place, and that distinguished gentlemtn had been
invited to attend and participate in the proceedings,
I had it from the lips of a gentleman who ad-
dressed the meeting that day, and who was one
of the prime movers of the measure in the South
Carolina Legislature, that at the meeting, within
sight of a city of fifty or sixty thousand inhabit-
ants, and only six nules distantfrom its wharves,
and within twenty minutes sail, the party in favor
of reopening the African slave trade could gather
together at Haddrell's Point only one hundred and
seventy-five men. I have it also from the lips of
those present, that a portion of that body was op-
posed to, and would oppose with all the means in
their power, the reopening of the African slave
trade.
A gentleman from Illinois, whom I do not now
see inhisseat, [Mr. Farnsworth,] some weeks
since, asked the members from South Carolina a
question upon that point, and after having secured
the answeTs of two or thiee of my colleagues, he
refused to yield the floor further, though I made
two or three ineffectual efforts to get the floor to
state these facts. Therefore, I give him my opinion
now; and I repeat it, that not five thousand men
in South Carolina could be found who would de-
posit their votes in favor of reopening the African
slave trade. We regard it, in point of economy,
as one of the greatest dangers that could possibly
befall the institution of slavery. But I have not
time to discuss this matter further.
I proceed and ask, gentlemen, if you render up
our fugitive slaves when they escape from us ?
You dare not say you do. Have you kept in good
faith a solitary compromise we have made with
you? You have not. If we complain, you scoff.
If we threaten consequences, you retort by threats
of coercion.
And now, gentlemen, let me toll you once for
all, you are rousing the quiet and conservative
men of the South into a determined spirit of re-
sistance. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Cor-
win] told this side of the House some weeks ago
about the character of the men who prayed and
fought, and I retort it upon him, and tell him that
this is the class of men in my scction most to be
feared; that they are well nigh that point; that, in
view of the constant agitation and assaults made
upon them and their institutions, they arc led to
say, "Let us settle this question at once, and,
if need be, draw the sword and throw away the
scabbard." I repeat, sir, that I, for one, desire
^not to see this struggle come. I know the people
of the South are brave. I believe the people of
the North to be equally so. The American citi-
zen isalike brave, wherever you find him, amidst
the eternal snows of the polar regions, along the
more tornperato zones, and within the circle of
the tropics, amidst the evergreens of thatdehghtful
clime. I am one of those who do not believe that
this Union will ever be dissolved, but by a clash
^jf arms preceding or immediately following it.
If the sentiment of sympathy we see daily ex-
pressed with the fate of John Brown, after his
invasion of Virginia; if the sentiments contained
in the Helper bo&k; if the programme marked
out by Seward and his satelite?*, if the numer-
ous Republican and Abolition meetings, of which
I see an account in the newspaper press, be a fair
index of public opinion at the North, then I an-
nounce it here, as my deliberate opinion, that
nineteen out of every twenty of my constituents
are in favor of disunion, without one hour's un-
necessary delay; and if you continue to pursue
this course of insult and aggression, I, though I
claim to be a constitutional, union-loving man,
will return to my constituents and sound the.
alarm, and with my b.wn hands kindle the beacon-
fires from hill-side and mountain-top that will rally
them to the defense of their rights. My voice
shall not be silent; but, like Roderick Dhu, with
i 1 flaming dagger and blazing torch,'' my cry shall
be, " to arms! to arms! to arms!"
/ It was the hope of the South, but a few short
weeks ago, that Virginia would take the lead in
some measure or measures that would adjust all
the difficulties existing between the sections on
this momentous and all-important subject. From
present indications I see no prospect of her rec-
ommending or inaugurating any new policy.; and,
as well as I can understand her position, she ten-
ders once more to the people of the North the
issue at the ballot-box. I, as one of the Repre-
sentatives of the South, accept that issue, and my
people will accept it. We are neither the custo-
dian of Virginia's rights nor the guardian of Vir-
ginia's honor. Right well has the Old Dominion
taken care ofboth. True to her ancient renown,
she has meted out to the invaders of her soil the
just reward and punishment due their crimes and
conduct. The calm dignity of her position now
claims the admiration of oar southern States.
My sympathies arc arid have been with her in
all the trying scenes through which she has re-
cently passed; and had the feeble support of this
right arm been required in her behalf, it should
have been rendered as rec^ily as ever it was ex-
tended to lift one of my own offspring' from its
cradle. But Virginia needed it not. She has
given one of the best practical illustrations of the
sovereignty of the States and genuine State-rights
doctrines that has yet been presented to the peo-
ple of this Confederacy since the foundation of
the Government.
As I have already said, Virginia has once more
tendered the issue, as I understand her, at the
ballot-box on the election of a President of these
United States, for the four years succeeding the
4th of March, 1861; and I, for one, accept it, and
my people will accept it.
Planting ourselves under the standard of the
great Democratic party of the South, we will
make one more effort to bear into the presidential
chair a fair exponent of the Constitution in the
person of the man, whoever he may be, whom the
delegates in convention from the South and from
the true Democracy of the North shall present to
us. I shall stand by Virginia and the great States
of the South in support of the nominee they may
offer me; and if we go down in the struggle, I will
again unite with them in such action and policy
as the exigencies of our situation and the neces-
sities of our position may demand.
And now, sir, I have a word or two to say on the
subject of a vote which I cast here sometime since
for the distinguished gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
McClernand] as Speaker of this House, which
vote has been characterized by a journal in my
own State as an " anti-slavery, Douglas, squatter
sovereignty vote,5' and for which I have been set
aside, by the ipse dixit of said paper, "forever in
the State of South Carolina." I will read one or
two brief extracts from that paper:
"Mr. Ash^uore and the Democratic Banner —When
the vote was about to be taken on the election of Speaker
in the House of Representative:?, Mr. McClerxand being
the Democratic candidate, the account of the proceedings,
published yesterday in our columns, states as follows*:
"'Mr. Asiimore, of South Carolina, made an earnest
appeal to the Democrats from all sections, to rally to the
Democratic flag. If they be stricken down, tbat banner
will cover them.'
'•The Democratic banner on this occasion was borne by a
iree-soU-sfjuatter-fcovereimity-mterndl-improvement Dem-
ocrat, (1J such a man can be calk-d a Democrat at all.) Those
were the principles emblazoned 011 its lolds. We know
very little of Mr. Asii-hork's political principles. Ileeoines
fiom the old Whig Fedeuil district of the State—repiesented
formeily by General Thompson, as a Whi<|, and whieh sent
Colonel Oir to Congress—running in favoi of General Tay-
lors election to the Presidency, against Mr. Perry, running
as the Democratic candidate in favor of General Cass. We
have always understood, however, that he was a State-
rights, anti-tanif, anti-internal improvement, anti-frce-soii
man. In his canvass for the seat in Congress he occupies,
he professed, we are informed, the strongest State-rights
and southern-rights views. Now, such a man, we would
suppose, would not only refuse to rally under a banner in-
scribed with squatter sovereignty, free-soil, and internal
improvements by the Federal Government, but do all he
could to strike "it down. He seemed very jealous, a short
time since, of the honor of the House, when one of its
members was harshly assailed by a public press. The honor
o£ the South and of South Carolina, we would suppose,
might appear to be somewhat involved in elevating a man
to the Speakership, flagrantly representing principles hos-
tile to her constitutional rights and interests, and to his own
principles. Yet, for some reason or other, he seems to glory
in a banner which has inscribed upon it: 'Exclusion of the
South from our Territories by squatter sovereignty; no
more slave States; and the plunder of the Federal Treasury
for internal improvements.' He saysthat if' stricken down,'
it will4 cover5 him. It was stricken down, and we think it
■will cover him,politically, as effectually as six feet of eauth.
Can't Mr. Ashmore be persuaded to come into the Charles-
ton convention, and bring his Democratic banner with him ?
It may cover more people than himself."—Charleston Mer-
cury, February 4.
Acknowledging no allegiance to, or affinity with,
the sentiments that control that paper, I yet deem
it due to those whom I represent to put myself
right on the record in regard thereto. Having no
disposition, Mr. Chairman, to engage in a news-
paper controversy whilst in the discharge of my
public duties here, I shall, nevertheless, proceed
to show the gross injustice that has been done,
not only to me, but to my honorable and distin-
guished friend from Illinois. The paper which I
allude to has also indulged in a sneer at the whole
people of my congressional district. In answer
to it, I have only to say that I am proud of the
distinction they have conferred upon me, and that
they are the equals, in every respect, of any con-
stituency in my State or elsewhere. I risknothing,
sir, in saying that the people whom I have the
honor to represent will not suffer by comparison,
eitheron the score of intelligence, or patriotism, or
in their fidelity to the Constitution fairly admin-
istered, with any other constituency throughout
the length and breadth of this land. They are true
and loyal sons of the South, of the institutions of
the South, and of the Constitution of the country.
They are the sole judges of the qualifications and
conduct of their Representative, and to them an
account of my stewardship shall be rendered, re-
spectfully. I know their verdict before it is made
up. It will be bold, fearless, and true. The as-
saults upon mo and upon my vote for Mr. Mc-
Clernand were gratuitous, uncalled-for, and un-
provoked; and I shall now proceed to vindicate
that vote. I would, however, preface what I have
to say on that point, by calling to the recollection
of the House the fact that I distinctly disavowed
and repudiated all squatter-sovereignty doctrines
and sympathies when I cast that vote. The
first gentleman who was nominated and voted
for here, as the Democratic candidate for the
Speakership, [Mr. Bocock,] having withdrawn
himself from the contest, and Mr. Millson hav-
ing been substituted in his place, I voted, with
every Representative of the South, not only for
those gentlemen, but I voted also with the Rep-
resentatives from the South for Mr. Boteler, of
the same State, who was an old-line Whig. I
voted then for Mr. Scott, of California; for Mr.
Maynard, of Tennessee, who was another old-
line Whig; for Mr. Hamilton, of Texas, a former
Know Nothing; but who, having repudiated that
party, has locked his shield with that of the gallant
Democracy of the Union; for Mr. Smith, of North
Carolina, and for others. Throughout the contest
I cast my vote in company with ail the Democracy
of the South. In voting for these gentlemen I did
not commit myself to any of the doctrines of
Whigge'ry or Know Nothingism. After the failure
to elect Mr. Smith, of North Carolina, there was
a caucus of Democrats called and held in this
Hall the night before the gentleman from Illinois
was placed in nomination. When Mr. McCler-
nand 's name was first presented, it was withdrawn
by his colleague, [Mr. Robinson,] who distinctly
announced that Mr. McCleknand would not
suffer his name to come in conflict with that of
any other Democrat on this floor. Mr. McCler-
nand had never failed to vote with the great
"southern-rights" Democracy, and with all the
State-rights men of the South, in every ballot
for every Democrat presented. A committee of
three was appointed that night—there being no
nomination—to confer with the friends of Mr.
McClernand, and see whether he could not be^
elected; and he was proposed next day by Mr.
