THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'■ {~ ■
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D; C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 1860.
New Series No. 179.
tion simply because we have been accustomed to
it. I, for one, desire that the appropriation should
cease. We have no use for the Navy. We do
not use it. When wu want vessels to go up the
Paraguay river we go and hire them, and then we
find it is cheaper to purchase than to pay rent,
and so we buy them. And when we build ves-
sels, before we have occasion to use them, they
are out of date. We spend millions upon mil-
lions in this process.
Now, I want to strike a blow at this whole
Navy expenditure, and let the Navy go out of
existence. If we have a war upon the ocean, it
will be a mercantile marine that will fight the bat-
tles. If we have a war upon the land, it will be
the volunteer citizens that will fight the battles
upon the land, I hardly suppose I shall get my
amendment adopted. Let us blow the whole
thing up; let these vessels rot; and when we want
vessels to fight, we can get mercantile vessels and
arm them with our citizens. [A Voice. They
liave noguns.] Your guns are out of date when
you want them. There arc scores of vessels that
we move only from the places where they are
built down to the dock-yards, where the worms
eat them up before you have a particle of use for
them. I do not wish to discuss this matter par-
ticulaily, but these are briefly my views of the
subject, and these are facts.
The amendment was  ot agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to offer
an amendment to the entire section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to a portion of it.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Then I will wait
till the gentleman's amendment is disposed of.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reduce the amount
in lines eighteen and nineteen to $1,523,000. I
desire to say but a few words in regard to this
very important amendment. I found myself in a
minority in the Committee of Ways and Means
in regard to the appropriation for the repair and
construction of vessels of the Navy.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Maryland to have offered an
amend mer«v
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I desire to amend
the whole section; but I thought I would suspend
till the section would be read, and till the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means might
have an opportunity of perfecting the section.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amount appropriated
last year for the repair and equipment of vessels
of the Navy was but 01,000,000. This large re-
duction was made in consequence, chiefly, of the
abuses alleged to have been committed m the dis-
tribution of this fund—abuses which, I believe,
still exist, but to a comparatively limited extent.
This year the Secretary of the Navy estimates to
the amount of former appropriations, and, indeed,
for a larger sum than had ever before been appro-
priated for the purpose. He asks for something
between three and four million dollars for items
formerly included under the head of "equipment
and repairs." I have a statement showing that the
expenditures of this department of the service have
increased in a remarkable degree within the last
fifteen y^ars. 1 find that, in 1845-46, the expenses
for repairs and equipnientamounted to $1,222,378.
They ran up, in 1857-58, to $3,129,000. Last year
we reduced them to £>1,900,000; and I have not
heard that the service suffered, in any respect,
from the reduction. Now it is proposed by the
Department to get the amount up to something
like three million six hundred thousand dollars.
The amount that was formerly appropriated for
the repair and equipment of vessels of the Navy
is now divided into three or four separate items.
This item, the next item, and an item for hemp,
are all included in the ordinary term, " repair and
equipment of vessels.99 I tried to ascertain from
the Secretary of the Navy, as nearly as possible,
how he arrived at the estimate of ^3,000,000, and
all the satisfaction I received is contained in a letter
I hold in my hand, and which reads as follows:
" In order to keep the number of men afloat which the
law authorizes, it requires a pouion of the frigates, all the
sloops-of-war, and neaily all the steam vessels, to be kept
in condition for actual service; and to pteverittheships in
ordinary and on tiie stocks going lapldly to decay, contin-
uous work is necessary on them. In tlus way the estimate
contemplates an expenditure on evoiy vessel, based on
practical judgment and the expense of previous years; and
although the estimate may be in defect or in excess for
any particular ship, yet it will be nearly true in the aggre-
gate.
"The ten ships of the line in ordinary and on the stocks
are estimated at $67,000; the ten frigates in ordinary and
at sea are estimated at $545,000; for twelve store-ship*, re-
ceiving vessels on foreign stations, the estimate is $126,000;
for the thirty-eight steam vessels m ordinary and in active
service there is estimated $930,000, included in winch is
tiie sum of $48,000 for the maintenance and wear and tear
abroad of the seven vessels purchased far the purposes of
the Paraguay expedition; amounting in all to $2,523,000,
which, in myopinion,is absolutely necessary for the proper
and economical maintenance of the Navy."
Now, when we come to look back, we find that
ten years ago wo had nearly the same number of
vessels and of guns that we now have, while the
expenditure was not half as great as it now is.
In J 834 the United States Navy was composed
of 53 vessels, carrying 1,982 guns; and the entire
annual cost, including the pay of officers and men,
was $3,956,000. In 1846 we had 77 vessels, car-
rying 2,345 guns; and the entire expenditure of
the Navy Department was §7,445,000. In 1858
we had 79 vessels—but two more than we had
twelve years ago—carr)'ing2,244 guns ;and the ex-
penses of the Department had risen to §13,262,561.
Thus we find that, although the service is not in-
creased, although the number of vessels arid guns
has not materially varied for the last twelve years,
yet the cost has doubled. There is no reason for
it. I have no doubt that some increase is natural;
but such an increase as that is unnatural, and can
be accounted for only by examining the various
exoenses of the Navy Department.
Mr. WINSLOW. What years did the gentle-
man from Ohio compare ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The years 1834,1846, and
1858.
Mr. WINSLOW. Since the first date, the
vessels of our Navy have been confined chiefly to
steam vessels, the expenses of which are infinitely
greater than the expenses of sailing vessels.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it is common to at-
tribute the remarkable increase of expense to the
use of steam in the Navy, and the consequent con-
sumption of fuel; but I have this to say on that
point: that the largest amount expended for coal
and for the transportation of coal for our Navy
for one year has only been £,000,000. In the next
section there is a separate item for coal, and this
item amounts to §850,000 for all vessels and ail
navy-yards.
There should be a radical change in the expend-
itures for repairs and equipments. A year ago
we made this reduction that 1 have mentioned,and
since that time I have not heard of any loss of
efficiency in the Navy; and I see no reason-why
we should go back to the old system, and place
these large sums, ad libitum, in the hands of the
Secretary of the Navy for disbursement. I think
we ought to reduce the appropriation to §1,000,000,
and I believe that no branch of the service it-ill
suffer in consequence of our doing so.
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask thegentleman whether
that part of the bill from line twenty-eight to line
thirty-three was inserted at the instance of the
Department, or of the Naval Committee, or of the
Committee of Ways and Means?
Mr. SHERMAN. It was done by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, upon motion of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.]
Mr. WINSLOW. The gentleman doe's not
understand me. I see by this hill that the sums
of money appropriated here 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WINSLOW. I am seeking information
from the chairman of the Committee of W ays and
Means.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will reply to the gentle-
man's question, with the consent of the commit-
tee; but I will not trespass on the rules.
Mr. MILLSQN. The gentleman from Ohio
says that he was in a minority in the Committee
of Ways and Means, in his views on this section
of the bill, and I can but express my regret, if
not my surprise, that he should bring that-oppo-
sition into the House and make the action of tiie
last House, founded on his own suggestion-f-
which has crippled the service; which has em-
barrassed the operations of the whole Navy—the
foundation fortliepresentmotion, that the amount
estimated by the Government and recommended
by the Committee of Ways and Means shall be
reduced $1,000,000. Mr. Chairman, I say, with
all respcct to the gentleman from Ohio, that the
errors grouped together in the brief remarks
which he submitted to the House are so numer-
ous that it would require perhaps an hour to. ex-
pose them adequately; but I have not the oppor-
tunity allowed me to do so.
The gentleman from Ohio will remember that
it was on his own motion that all discussion on
this bill has been prevented by resolution of the
House; and we are now reduced to the necessity
of making only desultory explanations during
the five minutes allotted to us under the rule. I
cannot say all that I would say, ill reply to the
gentleman from Ohio, in the course of my-preseut
remarks; but inasmuch as all general debate is
cut off, and as I, for one, am not willing that so
important a subject should be hurried through
without due deliberation, I shall take the oppor-
tunity, again and again, of obtaining the floor,
till I have at least paid my respects to some of
the errors into which the gentleman has fallen.
I can show that the amount asked for is not more
than is requisite for the public service, and not
more than the average expenditure for like objects
for the last seven years.
The gentleman says that the last appropriation
for this object was only §1,000,000. That is true.
Why was it §1,000,000 ? Because the gentleman
induced the House, under very peculiar circum-
stances—which certainly are not forgotten—to
strike off more than a million dollars from tlje
proposed appropriation, and reduce it to the sum
of $1,000,000. Add that $1,000,000, and §900,000
for hemp and fuel, to the amount proposed in the
present bill, and it will make $5,563,000—the av-
erage for this year and the last being §2,781,500.
Now, sir, the appropriations for 1854, 1855,
1856,1857, and 1858, were $2,534,950, $2,799,500,
$2,799,500, §2,877,000, and #2,850,000.
The average of five years'expenditure, from
1851 to 1858, was §2,772,190; and the average of
this year with the last is only §2,781,500, or just
about the sum which was the average appropria-
tion for the last seven years. The gentleman for-
gets that in the last five years we have added
twenty-five or thirty new, and some of them large,
ships to the Navy—the frigates Santee and Sabine,
of fifty guns each; the screw frigates Roanoke,
Colorado, Merrimac, Minnesota, and Wabash,
of forty guns; five or six first-class steam sloops;
seven or eight second-class steam sloops; besides
smaller vessels. Thus it will be seeitthat within
the last five years about thirty new ships have
been added to the Navy; and yet the appropria-
tion now asked for, with the appropriation of last
year, only equals the average of the preceding five
years. Now, will the gentleman tell us in what
branch of the service a reduction can be made?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. LOVE.TOY. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio by striking out
another million, so as to leave Ijplf a million for
repairs. I will just transfer my remarks made
on the other point to this, where they are, per-
haps. more appronnate; and I should like if the
committee would give us a vote on my amend-
ment in the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I oppose the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois, and 1 do it for the
purpose of answering the remarks of the gentle-
man from Virginia, I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois, because I
believe that it would cripple the service; but I be-
lieve that the amount which 1 propose, §1,500,000,
is amply sufficient. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia makes this mistake: the amount reported in
this bill for construction and repairs is $3,660,000,
179
