2850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 11,
I say that in no year has such a sum o.vcr been
appropriated for that service. There is more re-
ported in this bill than was ever appropriated
m any year for the repair and equipment of ves-
sels, because these three items for repairs and
equipment, for fuel and for hemp, "amount to
$3,660,000. The largest amount ever before ap-
propriated for this purpose was in 1857-58, when
it was $3,129,427. Last year we appropriated only
$1,900,000; but because we saved $1,000,000 last
year, the. gentleman from Virginia would have us
make it good by appropriating §1,000,000 more
this year. That is his argument. He adds what
was appropriated last year to what is appropriated
this year, and then strikes a balance, and says that
the balance is only equivalent to the average ap-
propriations for five years. Because we save one
year, must we spend more the next? Is that the
argument? I repeat that there is more included
in this bill for this purpose than was ever reported
befure, and the whole of this large sum of moneyis
to be expended without restraint, without guards,
without checks.
Why, sir, it was shown before the investigating
committee, last session, that they quarter old sail-
ing vessels that have been superseded by the in-
ventions of modern times, and are really worth
but little, at the navy-yards, and employ men to
work upon them, and thus expend large sums of
money. When the vessels leave the navy-yards
they are not worth much more than the repairs.
It is well known to naval men that these old
sloops-of-war are really of no value. In case of
war, we should not rely on them, but would take
the steamers built for the commercial service and
use them for war purposes, instead of the slow-
moving sailing vessels. Now, I say that every
dollar expended in repairing old sloops, unless
you intend to keep them as mementoes of the
past, is money thrown away. I would rather
vote the $1,500,000, which I am willing to give,
to build new steam sloops, and let these old sail-
ing vessels rot and go to decay. If it is necessary
to increase your Navy, build now and efficient
steamships. But I do trust that we shall spend
no more money to keep up navy-yards, and to
keep afloat these old wrecks, however much they
l.nay be connected with our history. Let them
decay, and let us substitute for them efficient
steam vessels, whenever it is necessary to keep
up our Navy.
The. amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to add
one dollar to the appropriation. I do it for the
purpose of making an observation. The section
we are now considering, I think, is intended to
accomplish the purpose advocated by the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] and if allowed
to be executed under the orders of the Depart-
ment, in my judgment, it will accomplish it
much better than by striking $1,000,000 from
the appropriation. He has very truly said that,
at this day, sailing vessels are of 110 value for
war purposes. I presume they are worth nothing
in the world for actual naval operations. I think
thai their use, in the event of war, will be to
carry their armament and men into the arms of
the enemy* They must be, in the very first
naval action, a mere prey to any steamer with
which they come in contact, wholly irrespective
of the number of guns carried by the two vessels.
The amount which this bill proposes to appro-
priate for the repairs and equipment of the Navy
is $2,500,000, which is ceitainly a large sum, if
we are to suppose that the Department is to ap-
ply it in the ordinary repairs of the sailing ves-
sels of the Navy. But if any gentleman will
read the residue of the section, he will find that
provision is here made for a survey, under com-
petent authority, of the present sailing vessels of
the Navy, and for the application of as much as
possible of this ^2,500,000 to the fitting up of as
many of these sailing vessels as are worthy of
tiio expenditure with auxiliary steam power.
This is the commencement of a policy, on the
part of our Government, which has already been
pursued to a very considerable extent by Great
Britain and France, in making available for mod-
ern naval warfare the old sailing vessels of those
navies, by fitting them with auxiliary steam
power.
1 here are, it is true, a great many of our ves-
sels wholly unworthy of any expenditure for this
purpose. In order to ascertain which are worthy
of it, the naval constructor and a board of Navy
officers are directed to make a survey, and report
to the Secretary of the Navy; and the expendi-
ture for auxiliary steam power is directed to be
applied' only to those vessels reported to the Sec-
retary of the Navy, and, in his judgment, worthy
of the expenditure.
I think, therefore, that the amount, even sup-
posing it to be a large one—even supposing it to
be an unusual one—is one which, with the inau-
guration of this policy of converting our old sail-
ing vessels into steamers, in which we are now
taking the initiative, is not exorbitant. Perhaps
it is subject to a criticism of a different character.
For these reasons I shall vote against the amend-
ment of my honorable friend from Ohio.
Mr. MORSE. I shall oppose and vote against
this amendment, because I propose to offer an
amendment to this section, the object of which
will be to apply a portion of this $2,500,000 to the
purchase of six good, fast-going steamers, suita-
ble for service on the coast of Africa, and to be
serft immediately to that coast for the prevention
of the African slave trade. This is a question
which ought long ago to have received the prompt
attention and decided action of Congress. It has
already been noticed in the Senate, and the naval
committee has reported ill l'avor of building seven
sloops-of-war for this service. But they are to
be sloops-of-war; will draw fourteen or more feet
of water; will be sailed at heavy expense, and
when completed will not be anything like as effi-
cient and useful in that service as boats drawing
from six to eight or nine feet of water, and one of
which may be purchased for one fifth or sixth of
wharone of these sloops will cost.
There is another reason why we should pur-
chase instead of build. The demand.for immediate
action is strong and urgent'. Vessels for the slave
trade are almost continually preparing for that
horrid and inhuman traffic in several of our lead-
ing Atlantic ports, especially in the port of New
York. Now, as we have no timber or other ma-
terials for building the sloops-of-war proposed by
the Senate bill now on hand, and everything will
have to bo provided, they cannot be constructed,
engines built and set, short of from twelve to
eighteen months; and when ready, they will not be
a class of vessels most desirable for that service.
In the mean time, how many cargoes of humanity
will make the middle passage, and go to a prema-
ture grave or a life of bondage ? If there is any
interest felt hero in this question; if Congress in-
lntends to do its duty on this question, and suit-
ably notice this revived trade, now so actively
carried on against our own laws and solemn treaty
stipulations, and against the moral sense of man-
kind, this, in all probability, will be our last and
only opportunity. If we intend to do our duty,
something ought to and must be done more than
is now doing to suppress this cruel and wicked
traffic. Here is an opportunity for action, for
showing the country and mankind that we are
seriously in earnest, and mean to put an end to a
lawless traffic now carried on under the American
flag, in open violation of our laws and the rights
of man. We can purchase such steamers as I
have named, prepare and equip them for service,
and have them on the coast of Africa in from six
to eight weeks. If it be the purpose of the House
to cut down the sum reported by the Ways and
Means Committee for the construction and repair
of vessels in the Navy, why not divert the pro-
posed reduction to providing suitable vessels im-
mediately for the suppression of the slave trade ?
We must take the course I propose, or, by our
neglect and failure to do our duty, suffer the pres-
ent state of things to continue, and probably, as
a consequence of our giving the,question the go-
by, we may be the cause of giving the trade a
still greater increase and activity.
If the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio
be rejected, then I shall move to appropriate a
part of the sum he proposes to strike out to the
object I have explained; but if the amendment be
carried, and the amount stricken out, then I shall
move an independent proposition, to appropriate
a sum sufficient to carry out the plan I have in-
dicated.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment sous to make the amount $2,500,000 instead
of $1,500,000. The gentleman from Ohio has
truly stated, as I had previously infoimed the
House, that the appropriation contained in this
bill under this head is larger than ever before.
Why is it larger? I stated what was the average
appropriation for the present and past year, and
that the excess of the present year was made
necessary in consequence of the scanty and inad-
equate appropriations of the last year; and I
showed that the average was about the same as
for the preceding five years. Of course, when you
fail to make provision to meet the wants of the
service in one year, you create the necessity of
supplying an additional fund to meetthe wants of
that service for the succeeding year. The gentle-
man says that he has heard of no embarrassment
in consequence of the reduced appropriations of
last year. No embarrassment! Let me tell the
gentleman, if he has not heard of it, that there
are at this moment ten vessels, mostly steamers,
and some of them first-class steamers, which have
arrived in the United States during the present
year, since the 1st of January last, for the repair
of which the Department has not one single dollar
to expend. Ten vessels coming in from sea, re-
quiring large outlays for overhauling and lepairs,
and not one dollar in the coffers of the Treasury
which can be expended for these objects; and yet
the gentleman from Ohio says he has*iot heard
of any embarrassment. Does not the gentleman
know that the public works have been suspended
in every dock-yard in the country in consequence
of our failure to make sufficient appropriations
for the repair of vessels? Yet the gentleman says
he has heard of no difficulty.
Mr. WINSLOW. 1 ask the gentleman if it is
not true that the recen* accident to the Niagara
occurred in consequence of want of proper re-
pairs ?
Mr. MILLSON. Very likely. Now, sir, at
the commencement of the last year, there was re-
maining over an unexpended balance from the
appropriations of former years. That has all
been expended, and every dollar that can be used
in the coming year for this purpose we have now
to appropriate.
The gentleman says that our naval expenses
have increased since 1835; that they have increased
since 1845. Why, of course, they have increased.
Does not the gentleman lemember that you have
added to your Navy one thousand men within
the last four or five years? Must the expense not
increase? You have not ships enough now to
keep these men at sea. You have three times as
many officers as you want. Not more than one
fourth of your captains, or one fifth of your com-
manders, are employed, or can be employed at
sea. You have raised theirpay. You have given
them a liberal compensation. You are obliged to
pay them even when doing nothing. You" have
not ships enough for them now; and yet you will
not furnish the Department means to keep in sail-
ing order the ships you have.
' The gentleman talks about repairing these old
hulks. He must be drawing upon his fancy, or
giving way to his apprehensions, rather "than
speaking from existing facts. Let me tell the gen-
tleman that there is no man more opposed to the
policy of repairing these old sailing vessels than
is the present head of the Navy Department. He
is desirous of converting every vessel of the Navy
into a steam vessel when it can be done; and there
is provision in this bill to authorize it.
I wish to call the attention of the committee
presently—for I am aware that I shall be inter-
rupted before I finish what I have to say—to an
article in the London Times, making similar com-
plaints of the British administration to those which
the gentleman from Ohio now makes. I will say
that the argument of the gentleman from Ohio is,
in substance, almost identical with the article in
the London Times. 1 do not mean to charge
plagiarism upon the gentleman at all, for I do not
suppose he has seen the article, but it is ne\er-
theless true that precisely the same complaints
are made.
[Hero the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARNETT. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of my colleague. It is with regret that I
find him in favor of increasing every appropria-
tion for the benefit of the Navy—opposing the
efforts of the gentleman from Ohio to introduce
economy and reform into that branch of the pub-
lic service—and I will do the gentleman from Ohio
