962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
and commotions as the sound of a lire-bell in the night-time
in a populous city; and prudent, patriotic men, entertain-
ing tire same opinion, forbore, religiously forbore, to agitate
it—to fire this magazine of discord and danger. _ It was re-
served for the gentleman from Pennsylvania to disregard all
these admonitions and considerations, and to signalize his
notoriety by an act emulated, if not equaled, by that of the
incendiary of the Ephesian temple."
Again, ho says of Mr. Wilmot:
" Hehas roused sectional jealousies, and provoked sec-
tional recriminations; he has opposed the motive of inter-
est and the instinct of self-preservation to the charities of
religion and the sentiment of liberty; he has converted peace
and concord into strife and hatred."
And again, he [Mr. McClernand] says: ■
" I proclaim it, sir, that this proviso is a falsehood and a
fraud, and that it deserves to be scouted and scofted by every
orderly and discreet citizen. Yet it is the author of this pro-
viso who sets himself as an expounder of the Constitution,
the enemy of slavery, the champion of humanity, a polit-
ical censor, and a moral reformer. Yes, sir, it is he who
insolently assumes to impeach the fidelity of northern mem-
bers to their constituents; and to denounce a common set-
tlement of all the questions concerning our Territoiies as
< acrowning act of treachery to northern interests and north-
ern rights,' which 1 would strike a chill upon the hearts of
the freemen of this land.' Yes, sir, it is he who, while lus
reckless agitations are sundering "the very bands that lund
these States together In concord and unity, cries out treason
against others, forgetting altogether his own demerits, and
unmindful that the bolt which he has forged for others may,
ay, will, recoil upon his own devoted head."
Such, sir, is the public record of John A. Mc-
Clernand on the question of State rights, man-
damus acts, distribution acts, the black tariff of
1842, the Wilmot proviso, Hickman's treason to
the Democratic party, and the acquisition of Cuba.
If lie entertains the doctrine of "squatter sover-
eignty,"! have never yet seen it on the record;
nor have I heard one syllable from Mr. McCler-
nand which could lead me to believe that he does
so. He regards it, as I am informed, as a strictly
and purely judicial question, and will abide by the
adjudication of it by the constitutional authorities
of the country. If he does, however, entertain
views different from mine on that subject, I repu-
diate them now, as I repudiated them then. I
commit myself to no measures or policy of the gen-
tleman, no matter what their character may now
be, or have ever been.
I might go on, sir, and show the orthodoxy of
the Democracy of the gentleman from Illinois by
more copious extracts from his record, but-it is
unnecessary.
Such is the man for whom I voted to preside
over this House, and to organize the committees
who are to shape its legislation for two years.
His record is, in my judgment, as good as James
K. Polk's, and far better than Mr. Buchanan's
on the tariff question—the next most important to
the interests of the South, after the question of
slavery. Nay, I think his record is better on that
point, too, than that of the distinguished and pa-
triotic gentleman who is at the head of the Gov-
ernment.
For the purpose of placing the views of Mr.
Buchanan m juxtaposition with those of Mr. Mc-
Ci.EBNANn, I will read a few remarks made by
Mr. Buchanan in the Senate of the United States
on the 8th of June, 1844:
"After mature reflection, I now believe that the acqui-
sition of Texas will be the means of limiting, notenlarging,
the dominion of slavery. In the government of the woild,
Providence generally produces great changes hy gradual
means. There is nothing rash in the councils of the Al-
mighty. May not, then, the acquisition of Texas be the
means of drawing the slaves far to the South, to a climate
more congenial to their nature; and may they not finally
pass off into Mexico, and there mingle with a race where
no prejudice exists against their color?" * -v *
" Texas will opun an outlet, and slavery itself may thus
finally pass the Dei Norte, and be lost in Mexico."
No such sentiment was ever heard from Mr.
McClernand; and yet the paper to which I have
alluded was swift in its advocacy of the election
of Mr. Buchanan after lus nomination for the
Presidency, and has been one of his most clam-
orous supporters.
One word more, sir, as to the motives of my
vote. It was given in good faith, with the earnest
desire of defeating the Republican candidate, and
with no ulterior purpose of President-making, or
anything else. No peer of mine here shall ar-
raign my motives, or call them in question. Were
my peer or equal to do so, I should answer him
with a monosyllable. Sir, that vote was cast with
the entire Democratic party of the South, except
four—exclusive of my colleagues, who, I repeat,
do not claim to be within its organization—and,
stands on the record with those of Delaware,
Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Georgia,
Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Missouri, Ar-
kansas, Tennessee, and Kentucky. I, sir, shall
never consider myself in bad company so long as
I am associated in any cause, political, social, or
moral, with the distinguished gentlemen who oc-
cupy seats upon this floor, and in the other end
of the Capitol, as the representatives of those gal-
lant States.
I must be permitted here to say that I have,
since that vote was cast, received the congratula-
tions of nearly every one of the members, besides
many of the Senators, of those noble States, for
having done so. Of the votes of my colleagues I
have not one word to say, but to express the hope
and the belief that they were actuated by the same
high, honorable, and patriotic purposes that gov-
erned my own. I thought then that they were
mistaken in the policy they adopted; and I think
so now. I am responsible to my constituents alone
for my vote, and to them I will render a full and
satisfactory account; and I know that they will
sustain me. Thepress has already done so, with
a united voice; and it has been as grateful to my
feelings as it has been generous and magnanimous
in it. I fear not the shafts of disappointed ambi-
tion, ormaddened fanaticism, whether they come
from southern ultraists or northern Abolitionists.
Oni? word more, sir, and I have done. My ap-
pointment to the chairmanship of a committee—
a mere nominal position, it is true, but still a dis-
tinction—hasalsobeenseverelycriticised. The po-
sition was conferred upon me without any agency
of mine, directly or indirectly, and was received
by me with as much surprise, and perhaps more,
than by any other person. I little expected it,
after the active opposition I had shown to the elec-
tion ofthe Speaker; and I am littleknown by those
who suppose me capable, for one moment, of seek-
ing any favor from those in authority.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is, that a
gentleman of the minority is usually chairman of
the Committee on Mileage. Mr. Banks, in the
Thirty-Fourth Congress, named Mr. Snead, of
Tennessee, as the chairman; and Mr. Brooks, of
South Carolina, was on the committee.
Mr. BOULIGNY. Will the gentleman from
South Carolina allow me to ask the gentleman
from Ohio a question ?
Mr. ASHMORE. Not at this moment. I will
give the gentleman the opportunity he desires be-
fore I get through. My appointment as chairman
of the committee was not only unsought, but un-
desired. But the presiding officer of this House
had the right to place me on a committee where
ever his inclination or judgement dictated, and it
will be my pleasure to discharge the duties of the
position with whatever of ability I possess, and
to wear the honors, if there be any attached to it,
I trust, with becoming modesty and dignity.
A single sentence, Mr. Chairman, as to my
present position. I stand by the great State-
rights Democracy of the South—arid every vote
I have cast here has been with that party—repu-
diating all factions and opposing all cliques. I
stand by and indorse the position of the Governor
of my State in his recent letter to the Governor
of Maryland in explanation of the action of the
South Carolina Legislature in regard to the pro-
posed conference of southern States. I stand by
the unanimous action of the Legislature of my
State, who recommended that conference; and my
greatest regret is that it has been defeated, or, in
my judgment, will prove an abortion, in conse-
quence of the ultraism of a small minority in the
South.
I will now yield to my friend from Louisiana
for a moment, to ask a question of the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. BOULIGNY. I wish to ask a question of
the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, the cham-
pion, f understand, of the Speaker of this House.
He has referred to precedents, in giving the rea-
son why my friend from South Carolina was ap-
pointed chairman of the Committee on Mileage.
What is the reason that precedent was not fol-
lowed in other instances? Why is it that Louis-
iana is deprived of a member of the Committee on
Commerce? I wish to ask him that question,as
he seems to be well posted. The Louisiana del-
egation has always had one member on the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know anything
about it.
Mr. ASHMORE. It was my intention, Mr.
Chairman, to reply briefly and pointedly to some
remarks made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Edgerton,] who addressed the committee yes-
terday afternoon, but I am too nearly exhausted
now, and have not time to reply to those remarks
with that precision and accuracy that I desire to
do. On some future occasion I shall respond to
what he said in reference to a few remarks that
fell from my lips at an early period of the ses-
sion, in regard to the hanging of violators of the
laws of my State.
Mr. VAN WYCK obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. DUNN, who moved that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust that, by general con-
sent, the Indian appropriation bill, which we had
under consideration to-day, will be reported to the
House, so that the previous question can be or-
dered on it. 6
There was no objection.
The question was then taken on Mr. Dunn's
motion, and it was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Kellogg, of
Illinois, having taken the chair as Speaker pro
tempore, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois, reported
that the Comrrfttee of the Whole-on the state of
the Union had had the Union generally under con-
sideration , and particularly the annual message
of the President of the United States, and the res-
olutions relating thereto, and had come to no res-
olution thereon; also, that the committee had had
under consideration a bill (H. R. No. 216) making
appropriations for fulfilling treaty stipulations
with the Ponca Indians, and with certain bands
of Indians in the State of Oregon and Territory
of Washington, for the year ending June 30,1860,
and had instructed him to report the same to the
House, with an amendment, and with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
Mr. SHERMAN. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the bill just reported from the Committee
ofthe Whole on the state of the Union.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
WILLIAM GEIGER.
Mr. MOORE, of Alabama, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee of Claims, reported back
a bill (C. C. No. 96) for the relief of William Gei-
ger; which was referred to the Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
W.JS. SWARMSTETT.
Mr. DUNN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House that the Committee on Roads and
Canals be discharged from the further consider-
ation of the petition of W. B. Swarmstett, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Commerce.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
And then, on motion of Mr. BRANCH, (at
quarter past four o'clock, p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 2, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read andapproved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
State, in answer to a resolution of the Senate of
the 28th ultimo, requesting information with re-
gard to the present condition of the work of
marking the boundary pursuant to the first article
of the treaty between the United States and Great
Britain of the 15th of June, 1846; which was, on
motion of Mr. Mason, ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of State, in answer to the resolution of
the Senate of the 25th of February last, requesting
the Secretary of State to communicate all the cor-
respondence and papers in the State Department
relating to the claim of John Reeve, ship-builder,
a citizen of the United States, against the Sultan
or Government ofTurkey; which was, on motion
of Mr. Mason, referred to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
