1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the justice to say that he has consistently endeav-
ored to reduce these expenditures.
My colleague lias repeated over the argument
in favor of naval expenditures which he gave us
last year, but which then failed to convince the
House. He argues that, because the House re-
fused to authorize larger expenditures in former
years, therefore they must appropriate an extraor-
dinary amount for this year, in order to make up
the usual average. I do not admit the force of
the argument. The House, upon full deliberation,
after duly considering my colleague's argument
last year, determined to reduce these expendi-
tures; and 1 trust that this year they will respond
to the call of the gentleman from Ohio, and per-
severe in the course which they have commenced.
I believe that if gentlemen will examine the ex-
penses of the different branches of the public ser-
vice they will find that nowhere has the cost been
greater, in proportion to the results, than in the
naval.
Still less can I admit the argument of the gen-
tleman from Maine, [Mr. Morse,] who proposes
to buy or build up new vessels for the purpose of
restraining his northern constituents from engag-
ing in the slave trade. Sir, I remember two years
ago my colleague, the then chairman of the Na-
val Committee, proposed to construct ten steam
sloops-of-war, to enable the President to prevent
the aggressions of British cruisers in the shallow
waters of the Gulf of Mexico and its tributary
streams. At least such was the reason alleged by
Government for asking this increase of the Navy,
and it determined the judgment of my colleague
and of the House.
It turns out now, according to the official re-
port of Secretary Toucey, that this was a mere
pretext, and that the real object of construct-
ing those steamers was to repress the slave trade
between Cuba and Africa. 1 his may be the busi-
ness of Spain; but many who voted our money
to build those vessels scarcely expected them to
be employed in this humanitarian crusade, with
which we have no more legitimate concern than
had the crusaders of the middle ages with the
Mohammedanism of the Holy Land. I am un-
willing to spend our money in correcting the sins
or improving the morality of foreign nations, even
when their accomplices are constituents of the
gentleman from Maine.
My colleague next argues that, because there
are more men and officers than we have vessels
to employ, therefore w« must build more vessels
to affoid places for the officers, and to carry the
men. I should have thought the proper conclu-
sion was to reduce the number of officers and of
men. Better, however, if necessary, to pension
them off than to build more vessels than we have
legitimate use for. Now, why should we have a
large Navy ? To compete with England or France?
How vain the attempt, except at the enormous
cost nobody would agree to. Take England, for
instance, with her fifty steamships of the line,
her numerous frigates, her three hundred and odd
sloops-of-war, and smaller vessels, all worked by
steam, and I ask you how can we think of com-
peting with her?
Nor do we need such a Navy. For us a Navy
is a mere police; and its present size is sufficient
for such a purpose as that. In what sea does not
our commerce float' and where, throughout the
world, does it suffer for the want of a Navy to
protect it? Our Navy is full large, unless we de-
sire to imitate England in her colonial system, or
follow her in forcing commerce on reluctant cus-
tomers at the cannon's mouth; or like France, to
light for an ideaf and bombard the heathen into
religion. We need fear no foreign foe in this
country, where we have thirty-five million free-
men to protect us. We dread no invasion from
any quarter upon this continent; and we do not
want, additional ships, unless, with my colleague,
the House thinks it necessary to build new ves-
sels to float supernumerary men and officers.
Therefore 1 hope the House will choose to sustain
the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, and
refuse to abandon the wholesome initiation of last
session.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. M1LLS0N, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. MILLSON. I beg leave to offer another
amendment. 1 move to strike out "fl,500,000 "
and insert " §3,500,000."
My colleague wholly misunderstands my argu-
ment. I am not much surprised. He tells me I
failed to convince the House last year.' I cer-
tainly failed to convince him, I perceive. I am
not much surprised at that. Only remember, Mr.
Chairman, that I am called upon, in the space of
five minutes, to instruct a member so uninformed
on the subject under debate as my colleague here.
[Laughter.] How could I do it in five minutes?
1 trust, if my colleague would do me the favor to
listen to me some fifteen, twenty, or thirty min-
utes, even he might be a convert.
The gentleman says that I urge this appropria-
tion for the building of new ships. My colleague
ought to be aware that the expenditure of this
money in the building of new ships would not be
allowed. This appropriation is for the repair
and equipment of ships already built. Does my
colleague want to be informed as to how much
money it takes for the annual repair of ninety-
odd ships of the Navy? Let him inquire of any
naval constructor or ship-builder, and they will
give him some proximate estimates. The able
head of the present Bureau of Construction has
informed us that this amount is needed. He has
given his reasons for it.
But my colleague criticises the estimates of
John Lenthall. The gentleman says these ap-
propriations have been increased; and so does the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sheiiman.] Allow me
to read an article from the Thunderer. The Lon-
don Times, of the date of February, 1859, com-
plains of the British naval estimates in this fashion:
" VVe showed yesterday that the cost of the Navy had
risen, by .1 steady succession of augmentation, from some
£4,000,000 in 183.5, to nearly £ 10,000,000 in 1858; but eve!,
these figures do not tell the whole of the tale
And again:
" VVe have first raised the co«t of the Navy, In twenty-
four ycari, from £-1,000,000 to more than £9,090,000, and
tlieii.durimr tlurty-Mx months ot this penod, we spent an
additional £20,000,000 upon it."
Then this increase of the cost of the Navy is
not confined to this country. It extends through-
out the world. And do not gentlemen understand
the reason of it? It is because of the great increase
in the price and cost of all those articles that are
used in the Navy. Why, sir, it appears from
this article in the Times, that the increase in the
appropriation for naval stores, for building and
repairing alone, for the year 1829,over the proper
expenditure of 1858, is .£4,928,535. Ill other
words, sir, the increased expenditure in the Brit-
ish navy, of one year, for this object alone, is
five times as much as the whole amount of appro-
priation for similar objects granted by Congress
last year, upon the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio.
Our expenditures, too, are more economical
than they are in England. I have made a calcu-
lation, founded upon the number of men in the
British navy and the number of men in the Amer-
ican Navy. I find that, dividing the whole cost
of equipment, construction, and repairs, among
the number of men m the BnUsh navy, the cost
averages $43G per man^while in the American
Navy the amount is only $293 per man.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I have but few words to
say in reply to the gentleman from Virginia. He
seems to have avoided the figures, by which alone
we can test the suificienny of this appropriation.
I wish to call the attention of the House to the
fact, that the ships of the line, now of no service,
cost us §07,000 per annum to keep them ill re-
pair. Every frigate, whether on the stocks, in
ordinary, or in sea-service, costs us $54,500. For'
every sailing vessel, the cost is over forty thou-
sand dollars; and the estimated cost of keeping
our sailing vessels alone in repair, is ,500,000,
Yet, by the common admission of every one,
these sailing vessels are of but little use. Some
are on the slocks, some in ordinary; and each one
in sea-service must cost about one hundred thou-
sand dollars annually. When laid up in ordinary,
the cost of our ships of the line is $67,000.
Mr. WINSLOW. Do I understand the gen-
tleman from Ohio to say that the cost is $67,000
for each ship of the line ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; I say that that is
the annual cost of the repairs of all the ships of
the lme. Two of them lie in New York and
Philadelphia.
Mr. WINSLOW. I suppose the largest por-
tion of this amount is for the two vessels in pr<fr>
nary; and it would seem that the others costnoth -
ing. ,
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from JTorthCaiN
olina must have a very queer idea of things in
thinking that there is anything in this Govern-
ment that costs nothing. ■
Mr. WINSLOW. ff I place the gentleman in,,
his room, and give him nothing to eat or drink,
or wear, he would cost nothing; and that is what
we do with ships of the line. . > ■
Mr. SHERMAN. I doubt Very much if these
ships do not cost a good'deal while lying idle in
the docks of the navy-yards.
Mr. SICKLES. Some of these ships of the
line are receiving vessels.
Mr. SHERMAN. The sailing ships in ser-
vice cost $855,000; and this cost is increasing
year by year. In 1846 we had as many vessels
afloat as we have now; and they did not cost more
than half of what they now cost. These vessels
were then of some service; now they are of no
utility whatever. The comparison between our
Navy and the British navy is not a fair one; be-
cause the Britisii navy is nearly ten times as large
as ours, and much more efficient and powerful.
If he proposes to cope \v;ith the British navy,
we might as well do as they do, appropriate sonje
forty million dollars to commence with. I be-
lieve'tTie British navy costs §50,000,000 a year.
I suppose the gentleman from Virginia hardly
proposes that we should run up our naval ex-
penditures to $50,000,000 a year, in order to cope
with Great Britain. Here is a remark made by
the Secretary, which, I think, is pregnant with
meaning. He says that to keep the number of
men afloat which the law authorizes, it will re-
quire all the vessels of the Navy to be kept in
condition for actual service.
The maximum number of men is fixed bylaw.
The Secretary of the Navy seems to consider it
mandatory that he keep all these men in service;
and, in order to do so, he keeps all tjiese ships
manned. The gentleman from Virginia has al-
ready explained that not one fifth of the com-
manders are now at sea, and not one fourth of the
captains. Thus, every captain in actual service,
costs the Government about twelve or fourteen
thousand dollars a year. Surely we should re-
tire many of these officers, lay up in ordinary
many of these useless vessels, and then", if we
must increase the Navy, let it be by the construc-
tion of efficient vessels.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being on Mr. Miilson's amend-
ment,
Mr. MILLSON, by unanimous consent, with-
drew it.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by in-
creasing the appropriation five dollars.
If gentlemen will read the provision reported
here, they will see that it is carefully worded. X
am not in favor of increasing the appropriation
one dollar, or of diminishing it. It seems to be
admitted on all hands that there have been some
abuses in the Navy; and the question arises, will
we for that reason, and that reason alone, strike
the Navy out of existence ? I am not in favor ot
it. Time was when we were rather proud of our
Navy. We thought it was equal, if not superior,
to any navy on the ocean. But how is it now?
While we are the second Power of the earth in
regard to our commercial marine, we are but ths
fifth or sixth ill regard to our Navy. Now, sir,
although I am not in favor of embarking the
Navy in such expeditions as that to Paraguay,
yet 1 am in favor, when we do send our Navy
abroad, of sending such ships as will make such
au exhibition of our power as will not disgrace
the nation. The bill proposes not to expend over
$5,000 in the mere repair of any of these hulks—
as they are very properly characterized by the
gentleman from Ohio—unless authorized after a
competent survey by competent persons. But it is
proposed, however, in the latter end of the section,
to appropriate enough to fit up these vessels with
auxiliary steam power whenever they ore in such
a conditionas will justify the outlay. Facts show
that sailing vessels must nil give way to vessels
propelJed by steam, and that other nations have
already recognized the fact.
Now, it will be admitted on all hands, that in
case of a collision with other Powers, our Navy
has got to fight our battles. 1 am not in favor of
