964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
of age. The bill is to pay him for work done
about fifteen years ago. He is now lame and in
bad health. I beg the Senate to take it up and
pass it.
There being 110 objection, the bill (S. No. 242)
for the relief of Thomas Brown, of Florida, was
read twice, and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to cause to be paid to Thomas Brown, of Fldrida,
$297, being the balance due him for services as
secretary and clerk of the Senate of the Legisla-
ture of the Territory of Florida, as allowed by
that Legislature in 1845.
The bill waa reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
Mr. IVERSON. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, in reference to the Private Cal-
endar, to move the Senate that we proceed first
to the consideration of the bills which have been
reported by the Court of Claims, and consider
those to which there shall be no objection, and
then go back and go on regularly.
Mr. GWIN. I hope not. I trust we shall
take up the Calendar regularly. It is private bill
day, and let us give all a chance.
Mr. IVERSON. I have been instructed by the
committee to make this motion. ^
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Georgia, on behalf of the Committee on Claims,
moves that theSenateiirst take up the cases which
have been reported from the Court of Claims.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state the reason which
operated on the committee in making this mo-
tion. The act which established the Court of
Claims directs that—
"Said court shall prepare a bill or bills in those cases
which shall have received the favorable decision thereof, in
sucfr-form as, if enacted, will carry the same into efl'ect."
And then:
" Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That said reports, and
the bills reported as aVorctaiil. shall, jfnot finally acted upon
during thti session of Congress to which the said reports are
made, he continued from session to session, and from Con-
gtess to Congress, until tfto same shall be finally acted upon;
and the consideration of said reports and bills shall, at the
subsequent session of Congress, be resumed, and the said
reports and bills be proceeded with in the saifie manner as
though finally acted upon at the session when presented.
It will be perceived, then, that when the Court
of Claims makes a report in favor of a claimant,
and submits a bill, under the provisions of this act
it goes on the Calendar at that session, and is to
remain upon the Calendar from session to session,
and from Congress to Congress, until it shall be
finally disposed of. Many of the bills which are
on the Calendar to-day were reported by the Court
of Claims three or four sessions ago; and they lost
their priority by the action of the two Houses,
when, in truth and in fact, they ought to have been
considered at the last session and the session be-
fore. In justice to them, under the act of Con-
gress, they ought to hate been considered long
ago; and, if the act be pursued, they will be con-
sidered and acted upon by the Senate long before
any other case which has been reported at this
session, and is now on the Calendar. It is a mat-
ter of justice, and strict justice, that they should
have priority. Therefore, I ask that that may be
the order pursued.
Mr. YULEE. I hope that order will not be
adopted. If the bills reported from the Court of
Claims have lost their place, and have remained
upon the Calendar during one or two sessions, I
must charge it to the fault of the Committee on
Claims 
Mr. IVERSON. The Committee on Claims
have no more control over it than any other com-
mittee.
Mr. YULEE. I am going to show how it is
so. ^ I charge it to the fault of the Committee 011
Claims, because it is upon the motion of the
Committee on Claims that the Senate has been
induced from session to session to adopt what
seemed to me to be the very erroneous and unjust
policy of acting only upon those private bills
which were not objected to; thus placing it in the
power of an individual member to postpone upon
the Calendar, and to postpone eternally, any bill
to which there might be only his single objection.
If the Committee on Claims will adopt the proper
course of taking up upon the Calendar the bills as
they stand and disposing1 of them at the time,
whether they be objected to or not, there is no
danger that any bill reported by the Court of
Claims will lose its place, or will fail of attention
in due season at the appropriate session.
But, sir, the very section which has been read
by the chairman of the Committee on Claims
presents to the Senate a very obvious reason why
his motion should not be adopted. Bills reported
from the Court of Claims have the advantage of
continuing on the Calendar from session to ses-
sion without abatement. They lose no place and
no advantage. They require no repetition of ac-
tion by the committee. It is not so with bills
which have not had that advantage, and which
do not come before this body with the prestige of
a report in their favor by the Court of Claims.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment? In order to obviate any further dis-
cussion, I withdraw the motion.
Mr. YULEE. I am satisfied.
JOHN SCOTT AND OTHERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The first bill on the
Private Calendar is the bill (S. No. 92) for the re-
lief of John Scott, Hill W. House, and Samuel
0. House.
The bill was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
release John Scott, principal, and Hill W\ House
and Samuel 0. House, sureties, from a judgment
recovered agdinst them by the United States, on
the 4th day of April, 1855, in the district court
for the northern district of Florida, upon a con-
tract awarded to John Scott for carrying the mail
upon the route No. 3503, from New Orleans to
Key West, from January 15, 1853, to June 30,
1855.
Mr. YULEE. I will state that that bill has
been passed by the Senate, m the same words, at
four different sessions, I think, but has failed of
action in the House of Representatives on account
of its reaching there too late.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
SURETIES OF VT. G. KENDALL.
The pext bill on the Private Calendar was the
bill (S. No. 23) for the relief of Arnold Harris and
Samuel F. Butterworth; which was read asecond
time and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to release Arnold Harris and Sam-
uel F. Butterworth, sureties of William G. Ken-
dall, late deputy postmaster at New Orleans,
Louisiana, from all claim which the United States
may have against them or either of them as such
sureties; and it also directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to cause any judgment which may have
rendered against Arnold Harris and Samuel
F.Butterworth, or either of them, as sureties of
Kendall, to be canceled, and satisfied of record.
Mr. YULEE. The same bill was passed last
year in the Senate after discussion; passed, I be-
lieve, nearly unanimously.
Mr. IVERSON. Is there a report in the
case ?
Mr. YULEE. Yes, sir. The same bill was
passed at the last session.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not know anything about
that; I want to hear the report.
The Secretary proceeded to read the following
report:
The Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads, to
whom Was referred the memorial of Arnold Harris and
Samuel F. Butterworth, respectfully report:
That the petitioners ask lehef from a penaltv they have
incurred as sureties of William G. Kendall, lately a deputy
postmaster at New Orleans. The memorial is as follows:
To the Senate and House of Representatives of the
United States %n Congress assembled:
The memorial of Arnold Harris and Samuel F. Buttei-
worth respectfully showeth:
That on the 14th of April, A. D. 1853, they signed the
official bond ot William G. Kendall, late postmaster of New
Orleans, as his sureties in the penal sum of $60,000. On
the 7th May, 1855, Kendall was dismissed from the office of
postmaster at New Orleans; was arrested, charged with
having robbed the mails; was indicted, tried, and acquit-
ted. Alter his arrest, and before his trial, his account was
stated by the Post Office Department, showing a balance
against him, as postmaster at New Orleans, of $10,839 19.
This account was presented to Kendall; he failed to pay
any part of it. Eaily in January, 1856, your memorialists
were called upon by the Post Office Department to pay up
the bum of ,$10,839 19, as sureties for Kendall; on the 7th
January, 1856. your memorialist, S. F. Butterworth, depos-
ited with the United States assistant treasurer, at New
York, the sum of §5,000 to the credit of this account; on
the 19th of January, 1856,he deposited, m like manner, the
further sum of $1,95ft And on the 21st Jannarv, 1856, your
memorialist, Arnold Harris, deposited with the Auditor of
the Post Office Department at Washington, the sum of
$3,889 19, being the balance claimed by said account to be
due from Kendall, as postmaster at New Organs, to the
United States. Soon after this, KendaH was tried by a jury
at New Orleans, and acquitted. He immediately left the
United States and went to Mexico, where he now resides.
After he had thus left the United States, on the 18th day of
September, 1856, your memorialist, Samuel F. Butter-
worth, leceived a letter from the Auditor of the Post Office
Department, (see copy annexed,) informing him that in
making out the account against Kendall an error had been
made, and that there was stil! due the Department, from
Kendall, the sum of $5,365 47.
When the account was first stated by the Department,
showing a balance against Kendall of $10,839 19, he (Ken-
dall) insisted that there was no such amount due from him,
and that the claim was made merely to present him ss a
defaulter, and thus prejudice his case before the jury. Your
memorialists, not doubting his statements, and certain of
his innocence, paid the claim without investigation as soon
as it was presented to them, and they did this to insure
Kendall a fair trial, and because they knew that all of his
available means were required by him to prepare for his
defense; but your memorialists distinctly state that if the
Department had at first claimed a balance of §16,2(fci 66 as
due from Kendall, they certainly would not have'paid that
large sum without investigation and legal resistance, un-
less first indemnified by Kendall or his relatives.
By direction of the Government, suit was instituted
against Kendall (whose last known place of residence was
m Missouri) and your memorialists m the United States
circuit court of Missouri, to recover this last claimed bal-
ance of §5,365 47; process was served at the late residence
of Kendall; your memorialists appeared by attorney, and
suffered judgment to be obtained against them by detault.
* The only explanation, or rather excuse, given by the Post
Office Department lor the " grave error" in rendering the
first account against Kendall for a sum of §5,365 47 less
than was really due the Government, was the fact that the
clerk who made .out the aecount was intemperate.
Your memorialists ask the Congress of the United States
to release them from the payment of the judgmentrendered
againstthem as above stated, and they assign as a sufficient
reason for such request the fact that, by the action of an in-
temperate clerk in the Post Office Department, (since dis-
missed,) they have been deprived of all remedy against
Kendall, who had departed from the country before the last
claim of §5,365 47 was made known to either of your me-
morialists.
A further fact your memorialists piesent": Kendall,
charged with a high crime, was vigorously prosecuted; ex~
traordinai y means were used to procure his conviction; the
United States district attorney, at New Orleans, was not
deemed equal to the occasion ; other distinguished counsel
was employed, who boasted that he was to receive a fee of
§5,000 from the Government in the event of Kendall's con-
viction. To meet tbls unjust persecution and monstrous
proceeding, on the part of the United States, Kendall was
compelled to expeixl large sums of money to retain the ser-
i j vices of Senator Benjamin and other eminent lawyers; to
! j procure the attendance ofimportant witnesses; and to eon-
j duct his defense to a successful issue, more than his life,
| lus honor and his liberty were involved in the contest, not
[ a particle of prool of guilt was produced, and he was ac-
quitted.
The moneys thus expended by Kendall, but for the action
of the Government, would have constituted a means of
paying any real balances due from him as postmaster. By
the oppiessive action of the Government he was deprived
i of these means. Under these circuin>tanees, your memo-
: riahsts submit that his sureties ought not to be called on to
make good the mone>s thus expended.
The above facts considered, your memorialists ask such
relief as the Congress of the United States may deem just
and proper. S. F. BUTTERWORTH.
ARNOLD HARRIS.
Mr. IVERSON, (before the reading- of the re-
port was concluded.) The Clerk looks implor-
ingly toward me. I withdraw the call for the read-
ing.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
RICHARD w. MEADE.
The bill (S. No. 56) for the relief of Richard
W. Meade was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It is a direction
to the proper accounting officers of the Treasury
to pay to Richard W. Meade, late a lieutenant
in the United States Navy, the sum of $566 20,
being the amount ofexpenses incurred by him and
hisclerkforsubsistence, while under ordersof the
Navy Department, and detained on shore at San
Francisco, from July 15 to September 30, 1849,
less the amount already received by them for com-
mutation of their rations during the same period.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
DAVID I). PORTER.
The bill (S. No. 57) for the relief of David D.
Porter was read a second time,and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. Its object is lo re-
quire the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to pay to David D. Porter, a lieutenant m the
Navy of the United States, the sum of $743, for
certain extraordinary expenses incurred by him
