1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1909
to littering up the old Hall with this library. I
believe that we can make other arrangements to
hold all the books that are necessary. 1 would,
therefore* be quite willing to vote for the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Virginia, if he would
strike out the words "Clerk and Librarian." I
do not think they should have anything to say in
regard to this matter.
'Mr. LEAKE. It seems that the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds have already made
up their minds on this question; and well, there-
fore, may the gentleman from Kentucky ask to
strike out all other parties from the resolution,
except the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, when the matter is already a foregone
conclusion with that committee. I will consent,
however, to have the preamble and resolution,
and the report of the Librarian referred to the
Committee on the Library.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the reso-
lution ?
Mr. McPHERSON. I object.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose thegentleman from
Virginia might take the course indicated by the
gentleman from Ohio. I think, myself, that that
is the proper course. 1 think the resolution ought
to be referred. I doubt exceedingly whether the
old Hall ought to be used for the purpose indi-
cated. It may be found, after investigation, how-
ever, that that is the best use to which it can be
applied.
Mr. LEAKE. Did the gentleman from Ala-
bama hear my last proposition to refer the reso-
lution and accompanying papers'to the Committee
on the Library ?
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 did hear it; but that ref-
erence, 1 understand, will give rise to an objection
to the whole pioposiuon. The lesolution is not
before the House; and the gentleman, to get, it be-
fore the House, must make some concession. As
a willingness is indicated to refer the whole sub-
ject to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, 1 would suggest that that course be
adopted. When the matter again comes before
the House, on the reportfrom that committee, we
may discuss it, and adopt whatever proposition
may commend itself to the approval of a majority
of the House.
Mr. LEAKE. Did objection come in time to
prevent the introduction of the resolution?
The SPEAKER. It did. The Chair will state
that this subject was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds on the 28th of
March last, and it is still in the hands of that com-
mittee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I was not aware of that; and
I would suggest that there is no necessity for fur-
ther action at this time.
Mr. LEAKE. I acquiesce in that suggestion.
I trust that the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds will report at an early day what is
proper to be done in the premises. I move that
the papers which were read be also referred to
thatcommittce.
The SPEAKER. As the Chair understands,
the papers are already before the committee. The
whole subject is before that committee for inves-
tigation and report.
"Mr. LEAKE. I am satisfied
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself intothe
Commiitee of the Whole on the state of the Union;
and before the question is taken on that motion, 1
move that the tariff bill, now pending in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, be
made the special order, for the purpose of confin-
ing the debate to the provisions of that bill. And^
I give notice now, that, after one or two days ot
general discussion on the bill, I will move, with
the consent of a majority of the House, thatgen-
erai debate shall be terminated and the live min-
utes' debate commenced.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wouldsuggest to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that, if he has any other busi-
ness that lie wants to dispose of now, it would be
better to take that up instead of forcing the tariff
bill through with any haste during this week.
When the House becomes full, it cannot be ex-
pected that the gentleman will be allowed to press
through a measure of the importance of this bill
for an increase of the duties upon imports, m a
day or two. I have no doubt there will then be
a general desire that there shall be full and legiti-
mate debate on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. My purpose is to have
legitimate debate on the subject. There are sev-
eral gentlemen who now desire to make speeches
on the tariff bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I have no objection to the
House resolving itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The first proposition is on
making the tariff bill the special order in the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to that. The gen-
tleman cannot make the bill a special order at this"
time.
Mr. GOOCH. When the committee rose last
evening, and the House adjourned, it was the un-
derstanding that to-day should be devoted to gen-
eral debate. There were two or three members
who were ready to go on last evening; but they
consented to the rising of the c^mittee, with the
understanding that they should have every op-
portunity to go on to-day. I trust that under-
standing may be carried out; and that this day
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union shall be devoted to general debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Cannot a majority of the
House make the bill a special order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it cannot.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a motion I can
make, and that is, that all further general debate
on the tariff bill in the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union shall cease. If I cannot
get at what I desire in any other way, I must sub-
mit that motion.
The SPEAKER. At what time does the gen-
tleman front Ohio propose that the general debate
shaU CCftSfcJ
Mr. SHERMAN. Three hours after the con-
sideration uf the bill shall be resumed in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. If that proposition prevail,
there will not be the proper legitimate debate on
the tariff bill in the committee, which such an im-
portant measure ought certainly to have. I move
that there be a call of the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to have
some information on this matter. I was under the
impression that it was the understanding among
members that no business should be transacted
while the House was in its present thin condition,
but that the time should be consumed in general
debate. I certainly believed that it was the un-
derstanding that no final action should be taken
on any question. As I conceive, the present prop-
osition to take stringent action on one of the most
important questions before Congress, is in viola-
tion of the general agreement.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is upon a call of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to state that yes-
terday evening, when the committee rose, I made
a statement which I believe went into the record
of our debate. I believed I was authorized to say
that the chairman of the Committee of Waysand
Means would not make objection or attempt to
stop the general debate during this day. It seems
that L was misinformed. The gentleman who
gave me the information professed to speak by
authority of the chairman of the committee, of
which he was clerk. I deem it my duty to make
this explanation, in order that what the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Gooch] has stated,
may not go out as though there was no warrant
for it. , ,
Mr. SHERMAN. The statement made by the
o-cntleman from Virginia [Mr. Smith] in regard
to there being an understanding that no business
| should be done, is a mistake, except so far as last
: Woek was concerned. I made the statement which
• brought about the understanding, and 1 expressly
confined it to last week. There is now a quorum
in the House. I should judge from the appear-
ance of the House that there are .at least one
hundred and fifty members present. If we intend
to adjourn at any reasonable day, we must at
once faithfully proceed to the discharge of the
business of the country.
The statement of the gentleman from
see [Mr. Maynard] takes me by surpnsf. No-
body was authorized to make such a declaration
for me as has been referred to.
Mr. PHELPS. What declaration?
Mr. SHERMAN. That general debate should
run on to-day. I gave notice yesterday morning.
that I would to-day move to make the tariff bill,
the special ordeV in the Committee of t,he Whole
on the state of the Union. Since the statement,
however, was made yesterday, while I was absent,
that general debate would be allowed to-day, and
since several gentlemen were controlled by.it, I
will not at this time press the motion J have sub-,
mitted. I only propose now that the House shall -
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Unijn. But I propose to give a
notice to the House. Monday and Tuesday next
are set apart for the consideration of territorial
business.
Mr. GROW. I beg pardon for interrupting the
gentleman. I think that neither side of the House
will object to the understanding that general de-
bate upon the tariff bill after to-day shall be con-
fined to the bill itself. If that be proposed, I think
it will accomplish the object the gentleman from
Ohio has in view.
Mr. COBB. I want it distinctly understood
that it is my design to make a speech oil general
political topics at an early day.
Mr. HOUSTON. In reply to the suggestion
thrown out by several gentlemen, I would say
that, for one, I would heartily agree that all de-
bate should be strictly confined to the pending
measure or proposition. I never have been in
favor of rambling debate on all manner of topics,
often indeed without a single reference to the im-
mediate question before the House.
Mr. GROW. If the House will agree to give
up this day to general debate, I think both sides
of the House will be satisfied.
Mr. HOUSTON. I will agree that after to-day
general debute in the Committee of th'e Whole on
I the state of the Union shall be confined strictly
to the tariff bill.
I Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that oil Wed-
nesday next, I will move that within three hours
all general debate on tile tariff bill shall cease in
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union. If it be the pleasure of the House, let
the general debate proceed to-day, then we shall
have a general debate on the tariff bill, and then,
after the five minutes' debate, we shall dispose of
the question during next week.
Mr. TAPPAN. I desire to give notice that 1
will to-morrow insist on the House going into a
Committee of the Whole House, to talce up and
consider the Private Calendar.
Mr. DUNN. As gentlemen are giving their
notices, I wish to say this: if gentlemen whohave
the tariff bill in charge desire to have it passed at
this session, they had better get at it, and stop
these speeches on all manner of subjects. There
are western members who do not take the same
interest in the bill as members from other sections,
and they want this House to adjourn before the
dog days. For one, I will vote for business all
the time.
Mr. FLORENCE. I trust the gentleman does
not mean to be understood as being opposed to
the tariff bill.
i Mr. COBB. I intend to make a speech on pol-
• itics generally; and I want to make it in theCom-
! mittccof the Wlioleon the stateof theUmon. But
I prefer to hear of the final action of the Charles-
ton convention before I make my^ speech, because
i if the result of that convention is likely to turn
j the Democratic party out to grass, as it were,
i [laughter,] I may not make a speech. If there
I is to be any necessity of again striving for the>
1 perpetuity of the Union, I want to make a speech
i to promote that perpetuity; and therefore I shall
■ not a°ree to any definite action wlucn may pre-
i vent me from giving rif interesting views, not
! only to this House, but to the countiy.
i Mr STANTON. 1 desire to know what the
I proposition of the chairman of the Committee of
| Ways and Means is ? I do not want any mis-
' understanding about it.
The SPEAKER. The question is now upon
the motion to suspend the rules, and go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
generally. ,
Mr. STANTON. I do not want any general
understanding to be misunderstood. I want to
know whether the proposition is to coinine the
debate to the tariff bill, or make it a special order
on "Wednesday,and to limit the debate thereon.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will repeat the statement
I made It was, that after the territorial business
