966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
1840, as a guard at the penitentiary of the District of Co-
lumbia, at a compensation of §550per annum. Soon after
his appointment, at the suggestion of the inspectors, he was
taken from his position on the walls and assigned to duty
as superintendent of the convict shoemakers, being himself
a practical shoemaker. Itappears,from the statements of
several successive wardens, that this duty was mueh more
laborious and responsible than that of a guard, and, in their
opinion, entitled to at least $100 per annum higher pay,
which increase of pay was allowed to his successor, and
has been continued since. The several wardens under
whom Mr. Nash served certify to the fidelity and diligence
with which he performed the duty assigned him, and say
that the pay allowed was an inadequate compensation for
the service rendered, and that, in their opinion, he is justly
entitled to the additional pay asked for, and which has been
paid to his successors. Concurring in this opinion, your
committer report a bill and recommend its passage.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Thisis another case where
an officer asks to be paid additional salary for ser-
vices performed some ten or fifteen years ago,
solely upon the ground that the successors of that
officer have been paid a higher salary.
Mr. BROWN. The Senator is mistaken en-
tirely in this case.
Mr. TRUMBTJLL. That is the report of the
committee.
Mr. BROWN. No, sir; he does not under-
stand the report. I know all about this ease.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am notgoingto argue it.
Mr. BROWN. But I do not want you to mis-
state it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Itseems to me that, on the
same principle, every man who ever served as a
member of Congress, from the foundation of the
Government, could come here now, and ask for
$3,000 per annum, because that is the present
salary. I will not discuss it.
Mr. BROWN. That is not the case. Michael
Nash was a guard in the penitentiary on the walls,
and he was taken from that position and made a
superintendent of one of the shops, a very much
more responsible one, to which higher pay was
given at that time. He did not get the higher pay,
but he was required to perform the service. The
wardens say that, inasmuch as they did not ex-
actly appoint him to the place of superintendent
of the shop, though he did the duty, he being
only a guard they paid him as a guard. What
he claims-is, that he shall be paid for the service
he rendered, which was paid at ahigher rate, not
only after but before. He performed the service,
and simply claims to be paid for it; that is all.
. The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
MRS. JANK M. M'CRABB.
The bill (S. No. 65) for the relief of Mrs. Jane
M. McCrabb, widow of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb, assistant quartermaster United States
Army, was read a second time, and considered^
in Committee of the Whole. It provides for the
payment of $5,293 96 to Mrs. JaneM. McCrabb,
being an allowance of commissions for disburse-
ments of special appropriations by her late hus-
band, Captain John W. McCrabb, prior to Sep-
tember 30, 1838; and directs that in the settlement
of his accounts this amount shall be credited as
of the date of its fiifst charge.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. PUGH. It seems to me that the bill needs
a little explanation. It first proposes to pay this
money to the widow, and then it proposes to credit
■the officer'saccount with it. I cannot understand
the necessity of crediting it to his account unless
he is already indebted to us; and if we balance the
man's account, and then give the amount to the
widow, we give it twice. It seems to me the bill
ought to be amended.
Ml". IVERSON. I will state to the Senator
from Ohio that, although the bill directs the money
to be paid to Mrs, McCrabb, there is a balance on
the Treasury books against her husband, and this
is intended to settle it. i'lio estate is able to pay
the amount to the Government, but it has been
held up for this adjustment.
Mr. PUGH. My complaint is, that the bill
contains two provisions. It does not merely pro-
pose to credit the account and balance it, but it
proposes first to give the money to the widow as
widow, and not as administratrix, and then credit
his aecount besides.
Mr. IVERSON. You can amend it by sayin 
" as administratrix." That was the intention. °
Mr. PUGH. We can strike out that portion >
which provides forgiving the money to the widow, i
Mr. IVERSON. Insert the words "as admin-
istratrix," after the name of Mrs. McCrabb.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.,
LIVINGSTON, KINKEAD & CO.
The bill (S. No. 69) for the relief of Livingston,
Kinkead & Co., was read a second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to pay to Livingston, Kinkead & Co., merchants
of Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, $10,070, as
indemnity for the amount of money of which they
were robbed by a party of Sioux Indians, near
Fort Laramie, m the Indian territory,in Novem-
ber, 1854.
Mr. HALE. Is there a report in that case?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
mck in the chair.) The Clerk informs the Chair
that there are papers accompanying the bill; but
there is no report.
Mr. HALE. I hope the case will notbe passed
without some showing in its favor.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, I think
there is a printed report, a very short one, but I
understand it cannot be found now. This is a
caseawhich arises under the Indian intercourse
law of 1834, and I think a case established by the
most conclusive and unexceptionable testimony,
more so than almost any I have ever seen. Liv-
ingston, Kinkead & Co. were merchants at Salt
Lake City, in no wise identified at all with the
peculiar religious system that prevails in that
country. They made a shipment of over ten
thousand dollars by the overland mail stage, and
out in the middle of the plains were robbed by
predatory bands of Indians of the entire amount,
and the whole party, with one exception, were
murdered; Kinkead himself alone narrowly es-
caped with his life to the nearest post, where he
obtained succor. The whole of the facts in the
case are sworn to by the clerk of the firm, who
states not only the amounts, but the particular
kind of coin which was intended to be shipped to
St. Louis. The intercourse law of 1834 extends
by express terms to that territory, and according
to that they are entitled to indemnification from
the United States Treasury. There is no evidence
that they attempted to take private vengeance
upon the Indians, for the last of their party was
killed except Kinkead himself, who was left dis-
abled and wounded for several days out upon the
plains, and was picked up by the casual charity
of United States soldiers who happened to come
across him. I think the evidence is most indu-
bitable. That is the substance of the report, and
I hope the Senate will allow the bill to be passed
at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk in-
forms the Chair he has found the report made at
a previous session.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. That is the report which
has been adopted at this sessipn.
The Secretary read the following report, made
by Mr. Sebastian on the 4th of August, 1856:
The Committee on Indian Aflairs of the Senate, to whom
was referred the memorial of Livingston, Kinkead & Co.,
beg leave to report:
That on the 2d day of November, 1854, Charles A. Kin-
kead, one of the members of tlie Arm of Livingston, Kin-
kead & Co., of Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, left that city
as a passenger in the mail stage, from thence to Independ-
ence, in the State of Missouri, in possession of the sum of
$10,070, in gold com, consigned to a mercantile film in St.
Louis, to whom memorialists were indebted; that the party
in and accompanying the mail stage were attacked near
Fort Laramie, and ail massacred, with the exception ol
Charles A. Kinkead, the stage robbed of its contents, em-
bracing the gold coin, and Mr. Kinkead severely wounded,
lie was found afterwards, and carried into the fort. The
United States were nominally at peace with these Indians,
the Sioux, at the time of the massacre and robbery of the
mail party, though a state of hostilities was soon after rec-
ognized, and General Harney dispatched to the plains for
their chastisement. The amount of money, with the par-
ticular description of the number and value of the pieces,
are stated upon the cash bftok of the firm, and deposed to
by the clerk of the establishment. The loss of the money
rests upon the testimony of Mr. Kinkead, the only survivor
of the party, and the corroborating testimony of the con-
fessions of some of the Indians, soon thereafter captured
by General Harney.
It is true that the provisions of law have not been put-
sued in the mode ofprovingthis loss. The relations between
the United States and these Indians have been such, since
the date of the depredations, as to dispense with the neces-
sity of taking the proof before the proper Indian a ent.
Could that piovision of the intercourse law have been com-
plied with, and the steps usual in such cases been adopted
by the President to obtain satisfaction, it would have been
fruitless, as the annuities due to these Indians by the treaty '
of Fort Laramie are payable only in goods, for which there
is not any express authority of law allowing them to be re-
tained as indemnity. Those annuities are so small that it
would require the whole of an annuity belonging to the par-
ticular band, if, indeed, that could be ascertained, to satisfy
the particular claim. The robbeiy was most probably com-
mitted by some small Straggling band of Indians ; and, under
the circumstances, it would be impolitic to take the goods
intended for a whole band to pay for the depredations of a
straggling and irresponsible portion of them, should the per-
petrators belong to these bands. Since treated as hostile,
the annuity is then gone, by the act of war, and there is
nothing left for indemnity. The commit'ee, believing that
the substance and spirit of the law have been complied
with, report a bill for the payment at once of the indemnity
which the intercourse act guaranties m all such cases.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am not very particu-
larly acquainted with the law on thi& subject; but
1 would beg leave to inquire of the chairman of
the commiittee who reported the bill, whether the
United States, by any provision of an act of Con-
gress, have assumed an unqualified obligation to
Fay for all losses sustained  y Indian violence or
ndian hostility ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. In reply to the inquiry of
the Senator from Kentucky, I will state to him
that all this class of claims arises under the act
of 1834, commonly known as the Indian inter-
course law, regulating the intercourse between the
Indians and the United States, and establishing
the respective rights of Indians and white men for
depredations committed by each within the terri-
tory, or upon the property of each other. That
act does not provide absolutely that the United
States shall become a guarantor or an underwriter
for all losses upon the property of white men
in the Indian country, but it does provide that
when any white man, being lawfully within the
bounds of the Indian territory, shall suffer depre-
dations upon his property, upon proof of the facts
being made, he is to lay the case before the Pres-
ident of the United States, whose duty it is, then,
to deduct the amount of damages out of the an-
nuities of the Indians, if there be any, and if not,
the Government of the United States guaranties
eventual indemnity in all such cases, where the
party himself docs not seek redress from the In-
dians for the injuries to his property. The policy
of this act, as the Senator will see, was designed
to prevent sudden border warfares springing up
between the whites and Indians by way of retali-
ation for wrongs; and the Government of the Uni-
ted States, by the law of 1834, explicitly declares
that,.if private vengeance is not sought, if no re-
taliation is pursued, Which always leads to' those
border contests, as the price of peace, and as a
.matter of policy, they guaranty ultimate indem-
nity iii all cases for depredations of that kind.
These parties, by the.most clear and unequivocal
testimony, come within the provisions of thatact.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It seems to me to be a
very extraordinary obligation upon us, if we are
to pay all losses of this description. If my coun-
trymen had had the benefit of this law, there might
have been some equity and justice in it; but the
man who had his house burnt in attempting to
reclaim a wilderness, had no indemnity for the
burning'of his ho„use or the bed on which he slept.
No Indian losses were compensated to him. He
had to vindicate, with his own hand, and by his
own means, himself and his property; and if he
did not make that defense good, he suffered the
loss. Now, it seems, we arc the insurers of every
man who chooses to risk his money on a hazard-
ous journey amidst Indian tribes anywhere. I
hesitate a good deal about voting for such a meas-
ure.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have to say, in reply to
the remarks of the Senator from Kentucky, that
the considerations to which he has adverted would
very properly address themselves to Congress, on
a proposition to repeal or modify the law; but while
the law is in existence, I imagine that it is rather
too late to apply to a bill, that arises under that
law, those considerations only which are appli-
cable to the policy of the law itself. In the one
case you question the general policy of the law;
in the other, you question the justice of the claim
that arises under it.
The Senator adverts to the early condition of
the settlers in Kentucky. That-was before the
passage of the law. The policy indicated by this
law was adopted as early as 1798. It was after-
wards reaffirmed and extended in 1802. It was
subsequently amended in 1834. Mr. Edward
Everett, who was then the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian AJTairs in the House ©f Repr*-
