1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
967
sentativeg, reported a comprehensive and clear,
and a just and politic system, under which we
have administered the rights of parties for about
a quarter of a century. If it were proper upon
a case of this kind, I would go into a vindication
of the policy of that law; but, for the reasons I
hare just stated, that is unnecessary. This case
comes clearly within its provisions.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered, to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
GRORGE STEALEY.
Tlie bill (S. No. 70) for the relief of George
Stealey was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
refer to the Third Auditor of the Treasury the
account furnished by George Stealey, for ser-
vices rendered and expenses incurred by him as
agent, appointed by the Indian commissioners of
the United States for the State of California, to
visit the northern tribes of Indians in that State,
witli authority to the Auditor to cause it to be
settled upon principles of equity and justice, and
to pay the amount. The settlement is to be made
upon satisfactory vouchers, showing that the ex-
penses were actually incurred, and that the prices
paid were just and proper under the peculiar cir-
cumstances of the case. '*
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
EDWARB N. KENT.
The bill (S. No. 74) for the relief of Edward
N. Kent was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. Its purpose is to
require the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Edward N. Kent, of New York, $20,000, in full
compensation for the perpetual use, in all the
present and future minting establishments of the
United States, of the apparatus for separating gold
andother precious metals from foreign substances,
of which he is the inventor and patentee; but he
is first to secure to the United States the perpet-
ual use of the apparatus, to the satisfaction of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
RICHARD CHENERY.
The bill (S. No. 77) for the relief of Richard
Chenery was read the second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
direct the Commissioner of Customs to settle the
account of Richard Chenery, assignee of Horace
P. Russ, for the construction by the latter of the
granite pavement on Battery street, in front of the
United States custom-hofise, at San Francisco,
and to pay him such sum as may be shown to
be legally and equitably due, with interest at six
per cent, per annum, from the completion of the
work, with a proviso that the sum shall not exceed
§3,890.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
SIMON DEt VISSER AND JOSE VILLARUBIA.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 39) for the
relief of Simon De Visserand Jose Villarubia, of
New Orleans. It provides for releasing Simon De
Visser and Jose Villarubia, jr., merchants of New
Orleans, from the payment of all claims, penalties,
and forfeitures which may legally exist against
them, in favor of the United States, arising out
of frauds committed in the custom-house of New
Orleans by one Charles Meteye, they having been
judicially declared to bo entirely innocent of those
frauds; and especially from the penalties and for-
feitures claimed by reason of those frauds, in two
suits now pending in the district court of theUni- ;
ted States for the eastern district of Louisiana, in >
which the United States are plaintiffs and De Vis- |
ser and Villarubia arc defendants. The defend- !
ants, however, are to pay all costs incurred in j
those suits, and the rights of the United States j
against Charles Meteye are expressly reserved. !
Mr. EES3EN DEN. I should like to hear the j
report in that case. !
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Clerk in-
forms the Chair that there is a printed statement j
of the case, consisting of the petition and a.o.com- I
panying documents, but no report. Does the
Senator call for the reading of that*
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
something about the case.
Mr. CLAY. I will state to the Senator that
the proof was so clear that these men were en-
tirely innocent of any fraud or intention of fraud
on the Government, that the prosecuting attorney
at the time of the trial acquitted them before the
court of any sort of censure whatever. It ap-
peared that it was the fault rather of the custom-
house officers than of the agent or clerk of these
parties that these frauds were committed. There
was, to my mind, a clear delinquency of duty or
carelessness on their part that enabled this clerk
to commit these frauds. They did not inura to
the benefit of the house, for they really paid the
duties, but this clerk took advantage of them, and
appropriated the money which he affected to pay
as duties. The officers of customs were, or at
least one of them was, advised of the fact that
these frauds had been committed, and failed to
have the man arrested, suffered him to get off, and
therefore involved these innocent persons in the
payment of the duties and in t>eing subjected to
the penalties which were attached to the fraud.
That is about the substance of it. The commit-
tee were unanimous. The bill passed the Senate
at the last session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have nothing to say
about it, after that statement.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
FRANCIS HCTT3IAN.
The bill (S. No. 78) for the relief of Francis
Huttman was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes
to direct the Secretary of the Treasury to adjust
the claim of Francis Huttman, for return of ton-
nage and light duties illegally exacted and paid by
him on Peruvian, Danish, and German vessels at
the port of San Francisco, California, and to pay
him the amount due, with interest, at the rate of
six per cent, per annum, from the date of the ex-
action of those duties.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to i
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third time, ■
and passed. j
TENCH TILGiniAN. i
The bill (S. No. 79) for the relief of Tench i
Tilghman was read a second time, and consid- '
ered as in Committee of the Whole, It is a di-
rection to the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
Tench Tilghman $1,000, for losses sustained by
him in consequence of his appointment to a con-
sulate, which was abolished by the Spanish Gov-
ernment while he was on his way to take charge
of it.
Mr. GRIMES. I would inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce when Mr.
Tilghman was subjected to this very great disap--
pointment.
Mr. CLAY. I will say to the Senator that he
was appointed by Geneial Taylor to a consulate;
I do not remember the place—some small place,
though,in the West Indiaislands—perhaps ltwas
on the island of Cuba; and he started to perform
the duties of the office and got as far as Savannah,
when he there learned the fact that the office had
been abolished, and he came back. In the mean-
time he had incurred a good deal of expense in
the removal of his family that far on the route, and
in bringing them back; and in addition to that, he
claims that he sunk a good deal of money by the
neglect of his business and by preparing himself
for this mission. The committee, however, only
propose to pay him the expenses that were in-
curred in the way of travel—his actual traveling
expenses.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
JOHN A. FROST.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 7) for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of John A. Frost,
deceased, was read a second time, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It declares that
the provisions of the iirst section of the. act en-
titled u An act for the relief of the forward officers
of the late exploring expedition," approved Feb-
ruary 1, 1849, shall be construed to embrace the
claim of John A. Frost, who was acting boatswain
of the United States brig Porpoise in that expe-
dition, from January 1, 1835, to July 7, 1842.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
BILL BECOME A LAW.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Buchanan, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed a bill (S. No. 146) to authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue registers to the own-
ers of the schooners Helen Blood and Sarah Bond,
of Oswego, New York.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hates, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had ordered the printing of a letter from
the Secretary of State, communicating certain cor-
respondence relative to the claim of Messrs. Rog-
erson & Son, of Newfoundland, on March 1,1860,
at one o'clock, p. m.
Also, that the House had ordered this day the
printing of the following documents:
Letter from the Secretary of the Treasury, com-
municating a statement of miscellaneous claims
paid at the Treasury for the year ending June 30,
1859—ordered at twelve o'clock and seventeen
minutes;
Letter of the Secretary of the Navy, communi-
cating reports of the board of naval officers ordered
to examine into the condition of the navy-yards
—ordered at twelve o 'clock and eighteen minutes;
and
Letter of the Secretary of War, communicating
a transcript of the official Army Register for the
year ending June 30, 1859—ordered at twelve
o'clock and twenty minutes.
WILLIAM D. MOSELEY.
The bill (S. No. 89) for the relief of William
D. Moseley was read a second time, and consid-
ered as in Committee of the Wliole. Its purpose
is to release William D. Moseley from the penal-
ties and liabilities incurred by him as surety of
Harrison R. Blanchard, on his contract with the
United States, dated September 25, 1855, for the
supply of live-oak timber.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want the attention of the
chairman of the committee that reported this bill,
for a single moment. If I understand the case, it
is this: Mr. Blanchard made a contract to deliver
a certain quantity of oak timber at the navy-
yard 
Mr. MALLORY. There is a printed report
in the case.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes,sir; and I have read it.
Mr. Blanchard contracted to deliver a certain
quantity of live oak at a specified sum. He, or
his assignee, Mr. Moseley, delivered a portion of
it at the rate stipulated. He alleges that he was
prevented from delivering the rest by an intima-
tion that there were Indian hostilities. The bal-
ance was supplied by the next bidder above him,
and the difference between the bid next above
him and his own, amounted to some two or three
thousand dollars. He therefore suffered a loss
between that sum and the sum which he would
have received if he had himself furnished the
timber.
Now, if I can understand the matter, there is
no allegation here that Mr. Moseley ever lost one
farthing. He delivered the greater quantity of
this oak timbeg at $1 75 a cubic foot. I think,
before he is entitled to relief here, he should show
us that he actually sustained a loss in the whole
transaction. When he does that, I shall be willing
to relieve him; but he delivered two thirds of the
timber at $1 75; the other man came in, and deliv-
ered the balance at §2, and now he claims to be
relieved from that difference. .1 would relieve
him ifhe showed me that in the whole thing taken
together, he sustained a loss. How do I know
that he did not make §10,000 on that part of the
contract which he performed himself? If X could
be satisfied as to that, I shall be satisfied to relieve
him. .
Mr. MALLORY. The Senator from Maine
speaks from a fresh reading of the report. The
transactions and details are not now in my mind.
The report will speak for itself. I will only say
thatGovernor Moseley, I knowmyeelfpersonally,
has been a very great loser by this,transaction.
