1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mu
teous reply. The gentleman from Alabama sets
out with the allegation that the great question
which underlies the party politics of the present
day is the question of the right of man to hold
property in man, he affirming that proposition. 1
understood him to state it as a general proposi-
tion in philosophy and in morals, not connected
with existing institutions, but as a thing which
exists in the nature of things apart from the ex-
istence of slavery in any State, or of any provis-
ion of the Federal Constitution. I understood him
to hold that it is legitimate, that it is sound phi-
losophy, for one man to hold property m another;
not a question of color or condition, nota question
whether a white man may hold property in a ne-
gro; but acjuestion whether, in the nature of things,
and consistently with the rights of man, one man
can make a cliattel of another. He held the af-
firmative of that proposition, while I hold the neg-
ative; and that is the proposition I propose to
discuss.
Now, let it be remembered that this is entirely
outside of, and independent of, any question aris-
ing out of the existing institution of slavery in
the States. That is a question 1 do not propose
to interfere with, and with the origin of which I
have no concern. I do not propose to disturb it,
and therefore it is not my purpose to inquire
whether its origin is right or not. I am to con-
sider what is the proper relation between man
and man, as an original question in the original
institution and construction of society—whether
Robinson Crusoe might lawfully make a chattel
of his man Friday. Now, the first difficulty you
encounter in the advocacy of such a principle as
that* is as to who shall to the master and who
shall be the slave. If Robinson may lawfully
enslave his man Friday, may not Friday lawfully
enslave Robinson? I can see no difference. And
so it must of necessity resolve itself into a ques-
tion of physical power. If one man litis the light
to enslave another, it is because he is wiser or
Stronger, and by the aid of his intellectual or
physical power, m some form or another, can sub-
jugate another man to his will. That is the only
philosophy there is in it. The strong man may
enslave the weak. If that be so, if Napoleon or
Nicholas may, through the instrumentality of
superior wisdom, or by combination of numbers,
•constitute themselves despots over millions, the
existence of the power establishes the right. It
is precisely the same question, whether appli-
cable to one man ruling the million, or whether
it is applicable to one man ruling his fellow. If
might gives the right; if strength is a warrant
which will authorize one man to subjugate an-
other man to his will, then it is just as applicable
to despots subjugating millions, as it is to the in-
dividual.
You are therefore cut loose from all moral oo-
ligations ormoral restraint, and you resolve the
whole government of mankind into the sheer ques-
tion of brute force. It is said the whiteman may
enslave the negro because he is his superior, phys-
ically and intellectually. But it will be remem-
bered, if mere superiority gives the title, then it
is not simply that a wlute man may enslave the
negro because he is interior, but that he may en-
slave anothei white man who is his inferior. It
is the inferiority of the slave and the superiority
of the master upon which the right rests. It is
not, therefore, a question of race or complexion.
Now, that is not the Republican doctrine; it is
not the Republican philosophy.
I do not hold that superior strength or superior
intellectual power gives to one man any right to
enslave, or subjugate, or control another. I hold,
and 1 believe the Republican parly of the country
holds, fo the doctrine of the natural equality of
man—that is, an equality of rights. 1 do not
mean to be misunderstood, when I speak ef the
equality of men. I do not mean that they tire
equal in strength, intelligence, social position, or
political rights. I mean that every mail has cer-
tain natural, inherent, and inalienable rights. Ah
have them equally alike,and to the protection of
those rights they are all entitled. The right to
live, th<Tright to the enjoyment of a man's own
earnings, the right of locomotion, togo from place
to place, are rights which all men ha*.e, without
regard to their'intellect, whether it be inferior or
superior. .
Mr. Chairman, this thing is obscured, and a
mist is thrown over it by bringing the two races
in juxtaposition, and claiming that tlieblack race
may legally be subjected to the white race. But,
sir, it is not a question of race; it is a question of
the essential manhood of the party sought to be
subjugated. What is the negro ? I make no ques-
tion about his equality. What is he ? Where
does he belong in the scale of creation? Is he a
rational, accountable being, the proper subject of
civil and moral government, or is he aoeast?
That is all the question. How do your laws treat
him in Virginia? If a slave knock gut his mas-
ter's brains, you arraign him in your courts, you
indict him and try him and hang him for murder.
If a horse kicks out his owner's brains, you do
not indict the horse for murder, Ao you? Why
not? Why do you make the distitwtion ? Because
the one is a rational and accountable being, the
proper subject of civil and moral government, and
the other is not. There is,'then, a difference be-
tween a man and a horse—a difference as the sub-
ject of property and as the subject of government.
Now, that'being so, the accountability and ration-
ality of'die negro being recognized, it carries with
it certain other consequences. According to my
understanding of moral philosophy, there is no
other mode recognized among, men whereby the
human race may be perpetuated, except through
the instrumentality of the family relations—hus-
band and wife, parent and child. Whatever insti-
tution, therefore, utterly destroys and prostrates
these relations, brutalizes the man and is at war
with the essential attributes of humanity. The
chattelizing of men of necessity cuts up all these
domestic relations. There can be no such thing as
a marriage between slaves, because that is a per-
manent, life-long union between the sexes. The
relation of parent and child is also one which is
guarantied by the laws of nature; and that system
of social oiganization which utterly disregards it
and tramples it under foot is a system winch can-
not be reconciled with the rights of man.
Now, sir, these remarks bring me to the con-
clusion that one man may not legally hold prop-
erty in another, as an original abstract question.
I say he may not, because you cannot (lisrmguisii
who shall be the master and who the slave, ex-
cept by giving the mastery to the strongest. I say
he may not, because it is utterly inconsistent with
the essential attributes of humanity, and with the
fundamental laws that have been established by
the Almighty for the government of the world m
all nations and in all ages. There is no country,
there never was any country known in any age,
where the family relation was not recognized.
You cannot, abolish it, you cannot destroy it,
without brutalizing thatcommunity. I hold, there-
fore, that that system which is said to be right,
which the gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Ccrrt]
maintains is the highest type of civilization, is
essentially at war with the very first principles on
which social organization can be sustained.
Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from Alabamais
right in another thing. He says that that is the
proposition which underlies all this controversy;
and it is, for this plain reason: if this institution
of slavery be the preferable form of civilization;
if one man may legally chattehze another and
make him his property; then it is proper that you
should propagate that relation and that institu-
| tion in all the unsettled Territories. That is the
i form of civilization which you should adopt and
■ establish in ell your unsettled domain. If it be
' not, then I hold you ought not to propagate it,
and ought not to establish it. It is therefore for
that reason, and in that connection, that it becomes
the duty of Congress to inqu.ro imo the inherent
character of the institution itself—whether it be
right, 01* whether it be wrong; whether it be the
proper form of civilization or not.
But, Mr. Chairman, I am going into this dis-
cussion without any arrangement of thought, and
perhaps 1 may be a little desultory. J wisl^ to
call the attention of the committee to another
proposition. We are now, probably for the first
time in our history, entering a new aspect uf na-
tional politics. The safety of our institutions has
heretofore tested in the unquestionable loyalty of
the whole people from one end of the Confederacy
to the other: in their unquestioned submission to
the great verdict of the people, pronounced at the
ballot-box in a constitutional manner. Youhave
now, sir, for the first time in the history of the
country, a political party organ ized on the express
doctrine, and with the avowed purpose, ol o\ei-
throwing the Government, in the event of .theiij
being unable to combat it throjigh the ballot-hoik:
It is asserted here by gentlemen on the other side
—by one portion of them—that if a Republican
President shall be elected, they will resistjhis ihr
auguration forcibly. That is ofle proposition .
made on the other side of the House by;the Dem-
ocratic party. . '
I take it for granted there can be no controversy .
about what that resistance amounts to. It can '
only be done by levying war against the United
States. The thing threatened is treason against.
the United States. There can be no controversy
about that.
Another portion say that, if a Republican Pres-
ident is elected, they will seccde from the Confed-
eracy and organize a separate and independent
confederacy of their own. Whether tliatconsti-
tutes treason or not, is a matter of opinion, and
may be a matter of controversy; but it is, never-
theless, equally fatal to the perpetuity of the ex-
isting Government and the existing institutions
of the country.
Mr. Chairman, let us look this proposition
straight in the face. Here is a political partyfor
eight years in possession of the Government,
wielding its patronage, amounting to some eighty
million "dollars a year. The expiration of their
lease of power approaches; and the question is
made, as to whether they shall be continued
longer in power. They say to the people, "gen-
tlemen , we are willing to take charge of this Gov-
ernment for four years longer, pretty much on the
same terms. We would like to do it, for it is
rather agreeable than otherwise. If you do not
cluose to intrust us with this power, then we
will resist, any other man who may be placed in
the piesidential chair. We will lulc this country
or we will ruin it. We will overturn this Gov-
ernment if we are not allowed to administer it our-
selves." That is the naked, undisguised prop-
osition of the Democratic party in the year of
grace I860, i say it here in the hearing of gen-
tlemen who have advocated these doctiines; and
I do not know thutany gentleman upon that side
of the House lias disclaimed that as being the
settled purpose of the party.
Mr. NIBLACK. As the gentleman from Ohio
seems to take it for grained as a fair thing, when
a Statement is made and nobody gets up to con-
tradict it, that all the members of the House are
to be held bound by it, I would ask him w!|y he
and others did not'get up and disclaim the doc-
trines enunciated by the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mi*. Lovejoy] and others, with which lam
sure he docs not coincide? Is he to be consid-
ered as indorsing those doctrines because he did
not get up and disclaim them ?
Mr. STANTON. Gentlemen of the other side
of the House, of all shades of opinions and from
all sections of the Confederacy, have exercised
the liberty of speech here pretty extensively.
There has been no gag upon them; and,sir, 1 do
not now remember a single gentleman oi them all
who, in discussing this subject of the presidential
election, lias disclaimed it to be the purpose ofhis
party to revolutionize and overthrow this Gov-
ernment. in the. e\ ent of a defeat at the ballot-box.
Mr. NIBLACK. This thing,then,Mr. Chair-
i man, amounts to tins: il we do not, when these
S charges arc made against us, get up and make a
! speech defining our positions, we are to be held
1 as Lidm-sing those who do speak. It is aconclu-
! sion 1 repudiate. As the gentleman from Ohio
i has made certain charges against this side of the
House, and as I am one of the members included,
! ] he" to say to him that I disclaim being bound
by anythm"* that has been said by any member
: of this or the other side. When the proper time
; arrives to give the House my opinions oil these
subjects, I will do so; but at this time 1 deny the
• authority of any man upon this side of the House
i by his speech to bind me to any position which
i my judgment disapproves of. 1 believe that to
i be the position of the majority of the members on
I this side of the House.
| Mr. STANTON. 1 think that the majority
' have made speeches the other way.
j Mr. NIBLACK. The majority of this side of
I the Ilous? have not yet spoken, and they will
j not probably for some time to come,
i Mi. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, I know no
I other mode of ascertaining the opinions and juir-
I poses of a party except by taking tiie publicly-
