2850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Oscar Coles and others, merchants and ship-
owners of the city of New York, remonstrating
against the passage of any act conflicting with the
law in relation to steamers, passed August 30,
1852; which was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the memorial of
Swift, Seaman & Co., and others, hardware deal-
ers of the city of New York, praying that the
duty on steei may not be increased as proposed
in the tariff bifl now pending before Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr-DOOLLTTLE presented a communication
from Charles F. Anderson, submitting a plan for
the better ventilation of the Senate Chamber;
which was ordered to lie on the table, a bill hav-
ing been reported on the subject by the select
committcc.
Mr. HEMPHILL presented the memorial of
Walsh, Coulter & Co., of the city of New York,
and others, praying that the duty on steel may
not be increased as proposed in the tariff bill now
pending before Congress; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Wright Mace
and others, dealers in hardware in New York
city, praying that the duty on steel may not be
increased, as contemplated by the tariff bill now
pending before Congress; which was referred to
the Committee on Fjnancc.
Mr. RICE presented the memorial of R. Hoc
& Co. and others, of the city of New York, pray-
ing that the duty on steel may not be increased as
proposed in the tariff bill now pending before
Congress; which was referred to the Committee
on Finance.
Mr. SL1DELL presented the memorial of Ste-
vens, Peck <5c Co., manufacturers of agricultural
tools, of Bruokfield, Vermont, and others, pray-
ing that the duty on steel may not be increased,
as contemplated by the tariff hill now pending
before Congress; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. RICE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 502) for
the relief of Taylor Dudley, of Minnesota; winch
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary,
11EPOHTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of Oliver Towles, for himself and others,
praying that an act may be passed for their relief,
providing for the paynn-nt of tlu-ir chum for seven
years' half pay a^ heins-at-law of Captain Oliver
Towles, of the third South Carolina continental
regiment, which claim has been favorably recom-
mended to Congress by the Legislature of South
Carolina, asked to be dischaiged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. DURK.EE, from the Committee on Revo-
lutionary Claims, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 39) directing the account-
ing officers of the Treasury to settle the account
of the late Robett Stockton, quartermaster, &c.,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the; Committee on Pensions, to
whom was referred the bill (H.R.No.465) grant-
ing a pension to Mary Shirchff, widow of John
ShirchflT, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the hill (H. II. No. 542) for the re-
lief of Eflisia C. De May, widow of Charles F.
Y. De May, late a dragoon in the Army of the
United States, reported it without amendment.
Mr. GWIN, from tin; Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, to whom was referred the
bill (H.R.No.715) to establish a mail sixtimesa
week from Sacramento, in California, to Olympia,
in the Territory of Washington, reported it with-
out amendment.
BAY ISLANDS.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to the Senate, if not incompatible with the public in- i
tcrest, copies of ^uch dispatches as were received at the i
Department of State, fiom the legation of the United States !
in London, bearing date of March, 1856, and also, of the |
dispatch of Mr. JMarey, to Mr. Dallas, of the date of Apul j
7, 3 ยง56, relative to ueiuun propositions for the settlement of :
the question between the United States and Great Britain
in respect to the colony of the Bay Islands.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 217) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense for the
year ending June 30, 1861; and
A bill (No. 564) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1861.
ARTHUR EDWARDS.
Mr. HALE. There is upon the table a joint
resolution that is unanimously reported by the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads. I
ask that it be taken up; and if the Senate will in-
dulge me for a single minute in making a state-
ment, I think they will agree to pass it. It is a
resolution relating to the claim of Mr. Edwards,
which was passed by both Houses and vetoed by
the President. Mr. Edwards is willing simply to
go to the Post Office Department and take such
sum as the Postmaster General, on investigation,
shall find to be due him. The committee unani-
mously recommend its passage. He has been here
for five years attending to tins claim. I hope the
Senate will agree to take it up, and pass it this
morning.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. I think we should
go on with the public business. That bill has
been already passed here and occupied much of
the time of the Senate, and I do not see any spe-
cial reason why it should be taken up; and cer-
tainly, in looking at it, 1 do not think it presents
any great equities at all.
Mr. HALE. Perhaps the Senator did not un-
derstand what I stated. The bill was vetoed; and
we do not propose to pass any bill, but simply a
resolution that he shall go to the Postmaster Gen-
eral and take what the Postmaster General thinks
is due him. That is the whole of the joint reso-
lution. The committee unanimously recommend
it, and instruct me to ask its passage this morn-
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole,proceeded to consider
the joint, resolution (S. No. 41) for the relief of
Arthur Edwards and his associates. It author-
izes the Postmaster General to examine and adjust
the claim of Aithur Edwards and his associates,
for carrying the through mails on their boats
between Cleveland and Detroit, Sandusky and
Detroit,and Toledo and Detroit, during the years
3849 and 1853, and the intervening years; and to
pay to them such sum of money as shall be found
to be justly and equitably due to them for carry-
ing the mails.
The Committee on the Post, Office and Post
Roads reported the joint resolution with an amend-
ment, to add at the end of it the following:
And the sum thus found due shall be paid out of any
money in the Tica^ury not otheiwiso appiopriatcd.
The amendment was ogrccd to. -
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The resolution was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time. It was read the third time,
and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed the following enrolled bills;
which thereupon received the signature of the
President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 252) to incorporate the Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
of the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 261) to authorize the levy court
to issue tavern licenses in the District of Co-
lumbia;
A bill (S. No. 202) to reimburse the corporation
of Georgetown,in the District of Columbia, a sum
of money advanced towards the construction of
the Little Falls bridge.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by then* titles,
arid referred to the Committee on Finance:
A bill (No. 217) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of defense, for the
year ending June 30, 1861; and
A bill (No. 564) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1861.
VIRGINIA LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. MASON. 1 will call the attention of the
Senator from North Carolina [Mr. Bragg] to a
bill which he reported the other day from the
Committee on Public Lands, which was objected
to at the time by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire.
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. I wish that bill may-
be taken up. I objected to it simply for the pur-
pose of examining it, and I am satisfied it ought
to pass.
Mr. MASON. I will state to the Senate that
it is simply a declaratory act, to give effect to a
preceding law; and the Senator from North Car-
olina, I know, is anxious to have it passed. I
hope it will be taken up and actcd upon.
Mr. BRAGG. If the Senate wish any expla-
nation of the bill, I can make it in a few minutes,
though it is all explained in the report.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 347) to declare the meaning
of the act entitled "An act making further pro-
visions for the satisfaction of Virginia land war-
rants," passed August 31, 1852. The bill, as
originally introduced byMr. Mason, directed that
the " military land warrants or parts of warrants,"
provided forin the firstscction of the " Actmaking
further provisions for the satisfaction of Virginia
land warrants," passed August 31, 1852, should
be construed to embrace all such warrants, or
parts of warrants, as were issued prior to the 1st
day of March, 1852, together with all such war-
rants and parts of warrants as were or may be
issued subsequent to the 1st of March, on claims
allowed by the proper authorities of the Com-
monwealth of Virginia prior thereto.
The Committee on Public Lands reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out all after the
enacting clause, and insert in lieu thereof:
That th(i Secretary of.the Interior, in executing the pro-
visions of the act passed August 31, entitled " An act
making further piovision foi the satisfaction of Virginia
land wariantV *)e icquired so to construe the same a3 to
authorize the satisfaction in scrip of all warrants or paits
ot vvan.ints issued on allowances made b> the executive of
Virginia prior to the 1st day of March, 1852, coming within
the principles already recognized by the Depaitment of the
Interior in the execution of the piovision* of the said act,
and whether issued before or since the 1st day of March,
18,">2: Proi ided, hoacver, That no warrant or part of a war-
rant shall be satisfied in srtrip, founded or issued oa any
allowance made by the executive of Virginia since the 1st
day of March, 185*2.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in, and the bill
ordered to be engrossed and read a third time. It
was read the third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask the Senate to excuse me
from service on the select committee in relation
to the case of the Comptroller, William MediJI, to
which I was appointed yesterday. 1 understand
that the select committee have investigated the
matter and the chairman has drawn a. report, sub-
sequent to all of which I was appointed on the
committee. I am already on two other commit-
tees, and overwhelmed with business, and 1 ask
to be excused from further service on the select
committee.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. How shall the
vacancy be filled?
Mr. GWIN. I move that it be filled by the
Chair.
The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Fitch was
appointed.
rACIEIC TELEGRAPH.
Mr. GWIN. I ask that the lull (S. No. 84)
which is now on the table, be taken up, in o'fder
that we may act on the amendment of the House.
It is the overland telegraph bill. I desire to move
an amendment to the House amendment, and then
to concur with the balance of the House substi*
tute, as amended.
The motion was agreed to;and the Senate pro
cceded to consider the amendment of the Hou*
