1912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
expressed opinions of the great mass of its lead-
ing men; its representative men; its men who are
intrusted with power, and who enjoy the confi-
dence of the people they represent; and when
they come here, without contradiction, by an un-
broken current of speeches and declarations upon
that side of the House, and announce that it is
their purpose to overturn this Government or to
rule it, I think surely there can be no further
doubt on that head.
Mr. NIBLACK. I wish to say a word here
for the benefit of the gentleman from Ohio, and
for the benefit of other gentlemen who may deem
that he is correct in the position he assumes. Any
gentleman, of any party, who will take the posi-
tion in my district, or in any other district of the
Noithwest—it is certainly so in Indiana—that he
will revolutionize this Government in the event of
any result of any election, would not get live hun-
dred votes, whatever might be his personal pop-
ularity. There is no difference of opinion in the
Northwest on the question at all, if there be m
reality any in any section of the Union. While
that is our position, I do not deem that it is ne-
cessary always (o get up and disclaim the charge
when the contrary is alleged. The position I
have stated is, so far as I know, that of all those
around mo who come from the same section of
the country that I do.
Mr. STANTON. I know that it in not neces-
sary for a gentleman to got up and disclaim every
expression of sentiment which may be made by
others, and in which he cannot agree; butit would
seem, Mr. Chairman, that this isa matter of such
great magnitude as to call for an expression of
opinion all around. If the representative men
of the party—not one, not two, but more than
twenty—ha\e declared in our hearing that it is
their purpose, and the purpose of the party to
which they belong, to levolutionizo this Govern-
ment, it is about time that some of those who as-
sume the contrary position began to «peak.
Mr. NIBLACK. It was manifest that the
gentlemen who spoke in the manner referred to
by the gentleman only spoke for the section which
they represented. If they had attempted to have
spoken for my section, then would have been the
time for us to have made the disclaimer; but they
have not done so; they spoke for themselves,and
themselves alone.
Mr. STANTON. I am sorry, butit is the fact,
that there are not many members of the Demo-
cratic party outside of that section. [Laughter.]
Mr. Chairman, there is another tiling. It is
not merely confined to declarations in this House.
Who has forgotten that, dining the present ses-
sion, on the nomination of a minister to France,
when a proposition was made in the Senate to in-
quire whether he entertained those opinions, it
was answered by gentlemen of the other side that
no inquiry need be made on the subject, because
there was no doubt he cntcitoincd those opinions,
and that they concuu'ed with him?
The proposition I submit to you, Mr. Chair-
man, and to the American people, is, that a party
that in advance avows a treasonable purpose, and
has declared its disloyalty to the Constitution and
the Union, is noteniitled to the public confidence,
and ought not to be intrusted with the Govern-
ment. When I talk about a treasonable purpose,
I do not mean there is necessarily anything dis-
reputable in it. { remember that washington was
a traitor to the British Government. It may be
that the oppression may be unendurable, and that
they may have arrived at a point which changes
the quality of treason; but, nevertheless, that is
the constitutional definition of the offense.
Mr. ENGLISH. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word ?
Mr. STANTON. Certainly.
Mr. ENGLISH. 1 claim only to be an humble
member of the Democratic party; but I think that
it will be remembered that I announced distinctly,
upon this floor, in a speech which I had the honor
io make at an early period of the session, that I
did not believe a corporal's guard of the Demo-
cratic party of the North would be willing to go
out of the Union, or make any effort in that di-
rection, because of the mere election of an objec-
tionable man to the Presidency.
Mr. STANTON. They recognize political fel-
lowship with a party, all of whom upon this floor,
from the other section of the Union, so far as I
know, do avow this doctrine. They are main-
taining and strengthening that political senti-
ment and that political party which avows this
treasonable purpose. There is no controversy
about that. They are endeavoring to build up a
sympathizing party in the free States, and to give
them their aid in obtaining the control of the
Government.
I hold, sir, as an intelligent American citizen,
looking to the perpetuity of our institutions and
to their welfare, that it is my first duty to see to it
that no enemy of our Government, no enemy to the
institutions of our country, shall be intrusted with
the power and patronage of that Government. I
will not inquire what his opinions may be on the
subject of slavew; whether he is fonts extension
into the Territories or otherwise. If he has
avowed that he cares more for his party than he
docs for his country; if he has avowed that his
party purpose and his revolutionary purpose are
stronger than his patriotism, is not that a suffi-
cient reason why I should exclude him from any
place of honor or trust ?
Mr. MILLSON. I cannot say that I regard
the course of the gentleman from Ohio as fair.
There are at this time not half a dozen members
of the Democratic party present; and yet the gen-
tleman is speaking in the hope that he shall be able
to take advantage of the silence of members as
evidence of assent.
Now, sir, 1 say, for one, that I have not,in any
remarks 1 have ever submitted to the House, ad-
dressed myself at any time to the question the
gentleman is now considering, and I do not mean
to be drawn into any untimely or unnecessary
expression of my own position; but I take leave
to suggest to the gentleman that he is altogether
in error in supposing that a solitary member of
the Democratic party, North or South, has ever
declared that it was the purpose of that party to
destioy the Union in the event of the election of
an Opposition candidate to the Presidency.
Mr. STANTON. My sense of hearing has
deceived me terribly if that be not so. If the gen-
tleman will ha\e the goodness to go over the speech
made by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
McPnicitsoy,] and look at the extracts therein con-
tained from the speeches made upon the other side
of the House, he wiil find that there were more
than twenty speeches made upon this floor in
which it was distinctly avowed that the election
of a Republican President—Governor Seward
was frequently named—or any other man repre-
senting his views upon what they denominated a
sectional platform, would, of itself, be a sufficient
causa for a dissolution of the Union. Docs the
gentleman from Virginia question that?
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir, I do not question it.
That is what I allinn; but the gentleman stated
that it had been said repeatedly upon this floor
that it was the purpose of the Democratic party—
that members had declared that it was the purpose
of the Democratic party—to dissolve the Union;
whereas all that was said at any time by any gen-
tleman, was, that in the opinion of that gentleman,
or in the opinion of that gentleman's constituents,
the election of such an individual would furnish a
just occasion for a dissolution of the Union.
Mr. STANTON. It may be true I have not
put it technically in the form in which I should have
placed it. I did not mean to be understood as say-
ing that they had avowed it as the purpose of the
Democratic parly, as a party organization; but
what I did mean to be understood as saying was,
* that the leading influential representative men
| of the party here, who are the authorized expo-
| ncnts of the opinions, principles, and purposes
| of the party, had each, severally for himself,
I expressed that purpose. And I take the uniform
expression of opinion of men occupying that rep-
resentative position, uncontradicted, as the ex-
pressionofthe opinions and purposes of the party.
That is all. I do not think they will put it in the
platform at Charleston, nor, perhaps, will they at
Baltimore.
But this is the purpose avowed by men who
lead and control that party, and it will not be dis-
claimed now. The gentleman from Virginia, while
disclaiming it as having been avowed as a party
purpose, docs not disclaim that it is his opinion that
it ought not to be done. The gentleman docs not
disclaim that in his own judgment and in his opin-
ion it would be a sufilcientcause fortho dissolution
of the Union.
Mr. MILLSON. It is evident that the gentle-
man desires an expression of my personal opinion.
1 do not concede the right of the gentleman to re-
quire it. I have the right to express or withhold
my opinions until my own selected time, and I
did not mean that the gentleman should infer that
I occupied one position or the other upon that
subject; least of all did I design that the gentle-
man should draw the inference he seems desirous
to draw.
Sir, the gentleman calls upon mo for an ex-
pression of my own opinion, and I will give it to
him. What is disunion? What does disunion
mean? It means battle and murder; it means
widows and orphans; it means tears and lamenta-
tions and anguish; and if any contingency should
ever arise which, in my opinion, invoked the de-
cision of so awful, so momentous a question, sir,
I should seek some place of retirement, and there
pray that Almighty wisdom would enable me to
dispose of that issue, too great for the feebleness of
man.
Mr. STANTON. There is no gentleman upon
that side of the House who occupies, and who
deservedly occupies, a more prominent, distin-
guished, and leading position, than the gentleman
from Virginia. His integrity and his sincerity
are unquestioned upon either side of the House;
and yet the gentleman from Virginia does not feel
prepared to say now that he is not in favor of a
secession, or dissolution, in the event of the elec-
tion of a Republican President. But let that
pass.
Mr. Chairman, my own settled conviction is
that the only mode by which this Union can be
perpetuated and our institutions maintained, is by
the election of a Republican President. I have
no belief that if a Republican President be consti-
tutionally elected there will be any difficulty about
their administering the Government.
Mr. HUGHES. I desire to ask the gentleman,
when the leading member of the Republican party-
announces the proposition that slavery must be
abolished,and that you and Imust do it,musthe
not mean the abolition of slavery in the States?
And I wish to know from him whether the elec-
tion of a President announcing such a sentiment
as that, elected by a sectional vote, elected by a
large popular majority at the North, would not
be an aggressive act through the ballot-box upon
the South, and whether he supposes the South
would submit to such an act of aggression?
Mr. STANTON. I regret that jny friend from
Maryland had not read the speech from which
he quotes, instead of contenting himself with ex-
tracts. If he had read the speech, he would have
found that the expression m reference to abolish-
ing slavery, and that "you and I must do it,"
was explained by the farther declaration that it
must not be done hv any physical force—must
not be done by any interference with the affairs
of the slaveholding States—but by thcftnoral force
and power of truth, disseminated among the slave-
holding as well as the fiee States, which would
ultimately brinsf about the abolition of slavery.
Mr. HUGHES. But the phrase was, "You
and I must do it."
Mr. STANTON. Yes; accompanied with that
explanation as to the mode of doing it.
Mr. IIUGHES. By getting hold of the power
of the Government.
Mr. STANTON. Not at all; but the mode of
doing it was by enlightening the minds of men
living south of Mason and Dixon's line.
Mr. HUGHES. Perhaps by changing the
character of the Supreme Court?
Mr. STANTON. I am decidedly of the opin-
ion that the character of that court might be very
essentially improved by a change.
Mr. HUGHES. Do you advocate a reorgani-
zation of that court?
Mr. STANTON. I am in favor of a reorgan-
ization of that court.
I said, Mr. Chairman, that I believed that was
the only way to perpetuate this Union. I believe
it will be found, before the Republican party has
been in office six months, that the purposes of the
Republican party are purely national; that it has
no aggressive purpose; that it will protect all sec-
tions of the Confederacy in the enjoyment of their
equal constitutional rights; and the country wiil
then become satisfied that all this cry of "mad
dog/'raised against the Republican party, is a
delusion.
Now, sir, for eight long weeks gentlemen here
