1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
made speeches, and incorporated into them the
ravings of Wendell Phillips and Lloyd Garrison,
and every extravagant fanatic in the whole free
States of the Confederacy, and disseminated them
broadcast, by tens of thousands, through the
slaveholding States, as the opinions and princi-
ples of the Republican party.
Mr. BARR. I ask the gentleman if your
party has not done the same thing with the
speeches made on our side?
Mr. STANTON. We have notcirculated any-
thing, except the speeches made by gentlemen
on this floor. I have circulated the speech of the
distinguished gentleman from Georgia, [Mr.
Crawford,] and various speeches of that sort.
Gentlemen have a right to circulate speeches made
on this floor; but speeches made by Phillips, lec-
tures delivered by Garrison, and extracts from
the Liberator, have been incorporated by gen-
tlemen on the other side in their speeches, and
have been disseminated through the South as the
opinions of the Republican party; and the great-
mass of the people of the South entertain the
opinion that these are correct expositions of the
purposes of the Republican party. You may
madden them and infuriate them, by the dissem-
ination of that idea; but when a Republican Pres-
ident has been six months in power, then it will
be demonstrated that that was a delusion, and
that the Republican party is seeking for nothing
that has not been recognized in the first sixty
years of the administration of the Government as
purely and strictly national. I undertake to say
to you, sir, that the Republican party to-day holds
no principle, advocates no pobcy, that has not
been recognized by every political party, in its
turn, from the organization of the Government to
the present day. Not one. You cannot name
to me a principle recognized by the Republican
party, incorporated into its platform, avowed by
any authorized exponent of its opinions, that I
cannot show you in the principles and platforms
of every political party, and in the speeches of
every public man who has been on the stage of
action during the last sixty years, since the or-
ganization of the Government, until the last ten
or fifteen years.
Gentlemen do not really controvert that fact.
They say: "it is very true, there was a strange
set of men on the stage of action at the time of
the Revolution. They did not comprehend the
slavery question very well. They did entertain
some anti-slavery notions, which we'do not ap-
prove. They do not comprehend it. They did
not investigate it. We, on the contrary, have
fjone over this whole question. We have exam-
ined it thoroughly, and have made up our minds
that they were in error."
Suppose, for the purpose of argument, that thar
be so. With the opinions which the founders of
the Government entertained, they framed a Con-
stitution; they put a patriotic construction on it,
as Presidents, Senators, Representatives in Con-
gress, and judges of the courts. What I claim
s that, whether their opinions are sound or un-
bound, they are the opinions incorporated in the
Constitution. If they were in error 111 that par-
ticular;, if these gentlemen have discovered new
light; if they find that a different set of political
principles are the true political philosophy ofthe
times, that does not change the Constitution. The
men who made the Constitution differed with you.
!fou propose a thorough and complete revolution
of the whole Government. You propose to re-
verse the principles of the founders of the Con-
stitution,on the theory that you have investigated
the subject more carefully. That may be a good
reason for amending the Constitution. Call a
convention, gentlemen; cry it in your several
States; modify the Constitution; but, in God's
name, do not undertake to amend by construction.
Do not undertake, because you have got wiser
than your fathers, to undo their work, and put a
construction on it which they never contemplated.
All I ask is that you shall take that Constitu-
tion, with the construction putuponit by the men
who framed it; and carry out the principles which
they incorporated into it, and which they adopted
in the practical administration of the Government.
That is precisely what a Republican Administra-
tion will do. 1 do not care who may be elected
the Republican President; six months of his ad-
ministration will satisfy anybody that you are all
perfectly safe m his hands. There will be a Re-
publican organization in every slaveholding State
m less than six months; and I do not believe but
that the custom-houses at Charleston and New
Orleans will be able to find officers without going
very far from the place of the receipt of customs.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if this Democratic party
is to succeed; and if they are do establish, by an-
other presidential election, by another popular
verdict, that slavery is a national institution, and
is carried into all the Territories of the Confed-
eracy by force of the Federal Constitution, why,
then, a collision is to continue between the two
sections of the Confederacy; for I tell you that
whatever the Supreme Court may decide, what-
ever a Democratic convention may proclaim, and
whatever the people may ratify at "the ballot-box,
the sentiment that slavery is local and freedom
national will be insisted upon as determinedly;
and the people will be constantly appealed to to
maintain that doctrine at the ballot-box.
Mr. SINGLETON. Idesire to ask the gentle-
man a question; and I know, from his characteris-
tic candor, that he, will answer me fairly. You
say it is not the purpose of the Republican party
to interfere with slavery where it now exists.
What, then, is your object in preventing the South
from going into the Territories, if it be not to de-
stroy the institution by restricting it to its pres-
ent limits? I beg to know, in all seriousness,
whether the great leading object and purpose of
the Republican party, in circumscribingusand pre-
venting us going into the Territories, is not the
consciousness that, if slavery be kept within its
present area, it must perish in halfacentury from
plethora' Is not that your purpose?
Mr. STANTON. I will answer that very fully,
and I trust satisfactorily, if my time will permit
me.
Mr. SINGLETON. 1 want to know, from the
gentleman from Ohio, whether he does not think j
it will have that effect; and if that is not the belief
of his party ?
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, the Repub-
lican party is opposed to the extension of slavery
into free Territories mainly—I think I might say
solely—because freeand slave labor cannot go there
together. The admission of slave labor is the ex-
clusion of free labor. It is because wb will not
permit free labor and the dignity of free men to
be degraded from being brought into contact and
competition with slave labor, that we do not want
slavery to go into the Territories. That is the
essential reason.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I have no desire, nor is it
my purpose, to embarrass the slaveholding States
by confining slavery within its present limits, if
there is any mode of escaping from it. If, as the
gentleman from Mississippi seems to suppose, the.
confining of slavery to its present limits neces-
sarily brings about its extinction, I pray you,sir,
what sort of confession is that of the character of
the institution?
Mr. SINGLETON. There is a very simple
reason to be stated in proof of my remark. The
slave population at the South is increasing very
rapidly—much more so, indeed, than the white
population; and it docs not require the gift of
prophecy to foresee the result, unless we are al-
lowed to expand in some direction. Expansion
we must have or slavery dies, and with it the
safety and prosperity of the South.
And the gentleman talks about free and slave
labor not being compatible in the same commu-
nity, and the former being degraded by the latter.
The impression is attempted to be made, by the
gentleman's specch, that there is no free labor in
the South. Let me say that there are free white
laborers in the State of Mississippi, and through-
out the South, who work side by side with the
slave laborers upon the cotton plantations, and
who do not feel themselves thereby at all de-
graded. , ,
Mr. STANTON. I understand that there are
free laborers in the South; but I also understand
that a man who is dependent in the South upon
his daily toil for his daily bread—not the owner of
a cotton plantation, but a man who is dependent
upon his toil, compelled to support his family—
must, by contact and association with slave labor,
be a degraded man in a slaveholding community.
Mr. SINGLETON. The gentleman is Utterly
mistaken. There arc hundreds and thousands oi
free white laborers in the South, who cultivate
the soil with their slaves, who would scorn to as-
sociate with those who make the charge of degrada-
tion against them.
Mr. STANTON. It is not worth while for us
to get into a passion about it. We may as well
keep cool. I know that I have seen enough of the
institution of slavery, with the little intercourse I
have had with it, to know that amongst the slaves
themselves they regard a poor laboring white man
as their equal or inferior. A slave will tell you,
when he looks at a poor white laboring man, that
he is white trash—a sand-hiller.
Mr. SINGLETON. You get your cue from
the negroes, then ?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi had better keep his temper, for he will
not make anything; le cannot get me out of my
good humor.
Mr. SINGLETON. Then treat the people of
my section respectfully.
Mr. STANTON. 1 have endeavored to treat
gentlemen respectfully. If I have violated the
rules of parliamentary order or gentlemanly de-
corum, I would beg the gentleman to state it.
Mr. SINGLETON. You have aspersed the
laboring men of my section. You have said that
the white laborer in the South was degraded. 1
regard the white laborers of my State as gentle-
men. I have associated with them all my life. I
do not.knowoneman who is in the habit of work-
ing side by side on a cotton plantation,with his
slaves, who feels that in this there is any degra-
dation. They are gentlemen, sir, and are not in
anyway demoralizod by this association.
Mr*. STANTON. I should be glad to know how
the position I take can be conveniently refuted
Take a mechanic from a free State, and put him
into a slaveholding State; let him be brought into
competition with slave labor; let the value of his
labor be dependent upon that competition; and
what will be the effect upon him ? I submit the
proposition. I go, if you please, to Kansas or Ne-
braska, and settle down at Leavenworth or Omaha
City. There goes also a carpenter from a free
State and settles in the same place, and pursues
his trade;. I want a house built, and I ask him for
how much he will do the job. He ciphers the
matter out, and he will tells me, perhaps, that the
cost will be $2,500. " Why, bless you, my good
I fellow," I may reply, " I can go to Westport and
' buy a carpenter for §1,500; and I cannot afford to
pay any such price as $2,500." Your white la-
borer is exposed to that sort of competition. So
it is in whatever employment he may follow.
Working together in the same field, a white la-
borer and a slave laborer, there comes along a
sheriff, and he levies upon the slave, takes him of*
and sells him at auction, as yott would a horse.
It is this contact and association that it seems to
mo cannot fail to have a degrading influence upon
the social position of the white man who is en-
ea^ed in the same kind of toil that the slave is.
1 " Mr. SINGLETON. Why, sir, one half of
our cotton planters go upon their plantations and
labor side by side with their_ slaves. They have
no further association with them than is nect'S-
sary to keep them at their work, and in their
proper place. Does the gentleman suppose that
I, who may be a cotton planter, would degrade
myself by handling my plow in the field where
my slaves are at work ? Docs lie charge that ?
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from Mis-
sissippi must have strangely misunderstood me.
I said that the man who is dependent upon Ilia
tlaily toil for his daily bread, and not the man who
owns a cotton plantation.
Mr. SINGLETON. How can you suppose
it will nffect the man who dons not own a planta-
tion any more than it docs the man who does own
one? « , i t
i, Mr STANTON. The man who owns the plan-
! tation, and the slaves on it, does not work upon
the plantation as the equal, but as the mastei of
the slaves. Ho is no more upon an equality with
them than he is with his horse.
Mr. SINGLETON. No more are the white
laboring men of the South. They do not asso-
ciate with the slavesortreatthemasequals. They
have nothing whatever to do with them, except
that they may work in the same field together.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, there are
some strange practical results growing out of this
institution. If it be not as I state, will the gentle-
man tell me how it is, and why it is_, that there
can be nomanufacturers,artisans, andinuepenaent
