mo
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
highest pension allowed to the widow of any offi-
cer or to any invalid officer was the half pay of
a lieutenant colonel of infantry, according to the
previous law. That half pay was thirty dollars
a month, according to my recollection. I am very
positive the highest pension was thirty dollars;
and, under the law, without a special enactment,
if General Scott had been retired as an invalid of-
ficer, ho would only have got thirty dollars a
month. It was for that reason that I opposed, at
the last session, the increased amount of fifty dol^
lars, that was granted in one or two cases.
Air. DAVIS. I am familiar with this matter of
the increase of the pay of the Army; I was coming
to that; and I ask, is there anything more absurd
than to say that you will go back to the old pay
in fixing the pension of the widow, though cir-
cumstances have shown you that the pay of the
officers should be increased ? What reason is
there in it? If the cost of living has increased, or
in other words the value of money has declined,
and you have found it necessary to increase the
sum to be paid per month, why should you ad-
hero to the old measure in giving pensions ? The
two things hold together; they belong to each
other. It is a relic of a former error.
Mr. IVERSON. Fifty dollars is more than
half tile pay of a lieutenant colonel.
Mr. DAVIS. A lieutenant colonel gets ninety-
fi e dollars.
,'vlr. IVERSON. Of infantry?
Mr. DAVIS. No; in the cavalry, and in the
mounted riflemen. It so happens that General
Smith had command of mounted'riflemen, and
was entitled to the pay of a mounted rifleman until
momoted to the grade of brigadier general. I
nave had occasion at a former time, and I will not
weary the Senate, particularly as thereareso many
empty benches, by going over the argument now,
further than to say it is due to ourselves, and it
is due to justice that we should either give the
Army officers sufficient pay to enable them to pro-
vide for their families in the event of their decease,
or, if we keep them down to a pay so low that
tliey can barely subsist 011 it, we should provide
for their families in the event of their death. It
is a question of policy—an economical question.
"Will you raise every officer's pay, so that each
may provide for his family in the event of lus
decease; or will you provide for the exceptional
cases that come before you in this form, widows
asking relief, after the death of their husbands?
I have always been willing—my friend from Ala-
bama and myself differ about that—to make the
law general, to extend it to every 011c so circum-
stanced; but I do feel that the three cases which are
now presented, are cases of extraordinary merit.
Those who differ from me as to the propriety of
the general rule, may still concur with me as to
the propriety of allowing it 111 these three cases.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am not a military man;
m>r do I suppose that what little I might person-
ally say could help any one of these parties to aid
even here; but I cannot permit the case of Gen-
eral Macomb's widow to pass without saying a
word astiuc from my own State; General Macomb
had the command at Plalftburg when our front-
ier was invaded by a powerful enemy, when the
people of the State of Vermont were in great peril,
and we went to his assistance—I say we, because
I was among the individuals who went to him,
and served with him on that occasion. He did
a great service, not only to the nation, but partic-
ularly and peculiarly to the State to which I be-
long. That State has had an opportunity to ex-
press its gratitude for his services on that occasion.
Tiie State manifested its gratitude to him, not
merely by empty resolutions, but by giving him
the title to a very valuable farm ill sight of the
battle-ground on which he encountered theenemy.
They boar grateful recollections still of his mem-
ory and his family; and I feel it my privilege 011
this occasion to add my feeble voice to the desire
which is expressed that his widow may not be
neglected in our ministrations. She is, I believe,
now in need; and at least her case is a strong one
to my mind; very much stronger than the ease of
Mrs. Gaines, who was allowed the same amount
last year. Her husband did not die of wounds
contracted in the service. Both these men served
out their lives in the service of their country to
their days'end. Their widows were left in ne-
cessity. I am not personally acquainted with
the condition of the widow of General Macomb;
she resides in this city; but I am informed,
and from the bestinfovmation I have, 1 believe, she
is needing aid. 1 have had, this moment, placed
in my hands a letter from her to the Senator from
Mississippi, in which she says;
iC If I get it, it will not be more than I paid for my late
husband's debts."
She was the wife, I believe, of the latter part of
the life of General Macomb; and, as she says, the
amount she has paid of her husband's debts out
of her own means would be as much as would be
granted to her by this bill, if her name be inserted
in it, as I think it should lie. I hope there will be
no such invidious distinction made between the
case of Mrs. Gaines at the last Congress, and that
of Mrs. Macomb at this session.
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. President, I know
somewhat of the widow of General Macomb, and
am very glad to see a movement made here to
make her claim an amendment to this bill. As
to the question whether she stands in need of this
pension or not, I am not able to say, nor would it
govern my vote. I would not inquire into that at
all, though I believe she stands 111 need of it. I
suppose the object of giving a pension at all to
those who, like soldiers, arc supposed, in the ex-
ecution of their duty, to face death almost daily,
is to remove from their minds—and thus make
them more serviceable to the country—that anxiety
which every honest man must feel for the fate of
those who are dependent upon him. It is a part
of the moral power of the country thus to relieve
the soldier's mind of all anxiety in an hour of
fear for those who conic behind him. But the
policy of the law seems to be that he shall die
either of wounds received in battle, or by diseases
contracted in the service. lie may have passed
through an entire military career at the head of
his corps; ho may have been the Bayard of the
Army, without fear and without reproach, tread-
ing every path of duty fearlessly and honorably;
he may have gone through a long life, and placed
himself at the very head of the Army; and yet, if
he should be struck down by disease, calamity,
pestilence, famine, accident, his widow would re-
ceive nothing whatever. He must die of a dis-
ease' received in the Army, or of wounds. It is a
premium held out to tempt honorable men and
their widows to impose upon the committees of
Congress theirdiseascs as contracted in the Army;
and thus we hear,session aftersession,assertions
that certain individuals have died of diseases con-
tracted in the service, when it is well known—
as well known as any other fact which is notori-
ous, and yet not brought down to a mathematical
demonstration—that tliey die of those casualties
and diseases by which men are ordinarily carried
off.
Nor was the case put here by my friend from
Georgia, the leading case 011 this point. We
passed, some years ago, a pension for Mrs. W orth,
the wife of a very distinguished officer, who did
not die of a disease contracted ill the service, or
of wounds received in the Army, and we gave her
the highest pension known to the law—fifty dol-
lars a month. If there be 110 general law (and I
know there is none) under which this case can
come, I am in favor, in cases of this kind, where
the whole country is satisfied of the deserving
merits of the parties whose widows come here, of
making provision for them. Fortunately for us,
nothing need be said of the career of General Ma-
comb. His whole career is part of the military
history of the country, and lus services, reaching
far through the light of time, confer more moral
power on this Government than do a thousand
common officers; and this Government comes off
very cheaply, indeed, with a small pittance to the
widow for such an officer. If we could possibly
be guarantied the possession of such officers as
General Macomb,! should never rise here to ques-
tion die duty of Congress to maintain their wid-
ows throughout their natural life.
Mr. SEWARD. Mr. President, if it is at all
necessary, in regard to the case of Mrs. Macomb,
that it should be known that she is in need of this
pension, I beg leave to state that for a year or two
I have been a confidant of her condition and cir-
cumstances, and I know, more painfully than I
would desire to express, that there is a necessity
on her part for this provision.
Mr. GRIMES. I regret exceedingly that the
chairman of the committee is not here to defend
Mr. SEWARD. He would not defend it if he
was hero. Let it pass.
Mr. GRIMES. Or some other gentleman who
is on that committee, for I understood that these
reports were nearly unanimous—one in favor of
Mrs. Smith, and one against Mrs. Macomb. I am
not the special advocate of the reports in either
case; but I understood that the rule had been es-
tablished in prior Congresses that pensions should
be granted only to the widows of those who had
died from wounds contracted in actual scrvicc or
through disease contracted in actual service; and
in undertaking to acton this general principle, as
an organ of the Committee on Pensions, I made
a report adverse to the bill in relation to Mrs
Macomb. If the Senate see fit to change the gen-
eral rule, I shall acquiesce in the decision, and if
that is to be the decision I wish to submit another
amendment. Residing in the neighborhood in
which I do, is the widow of two officers of the
Army.
Mr. MALLORY. Is that in order?
Mr. GRIMES. I have not submitted any
amendment yet; but I wish to state what I intend
to do. Residing in the neighborhood where I do,
is the widow of two officers of the Army. Those
officers were lieutenants of infantry. She is the
widow of each of them. She is in quite as abject
poverty as either of the ladies whose names have
been mentioned in this connection. She has not
the social position in the city of Washington that
some other ladies have; she is not able to bring
so many influences, perhaps, to bear on mem-
bers of Congress as other ladies are able to bring,
but she is quite as deserving as any, and if this
amendment is to be adopted, I shall propose to
add the name of that lady.
Mr. WIGFALL. I trust that amendment will
not be pressed.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not submit it now.
Mr. PUGH. I agree with the Senator from
Iowa that, in a thin Senate, it is certainly not ad-
visable to set aside the genera! law on the subject
of pensions. We know these cases have all been
debated before; and if there is a demand for tkem
now, if this bill is to have put on it first the case
of one lady, and then another, I think the Senator
from Iowa is right: we had better put them all
together, and then lay the bill over until we can
have a full Senate to vote upon it, and not vote
011 it now.' If the bill is to be pressed to a vote at
present, I shall ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator call for the yeas and nays on the amendment
to the amendment?
Mr. PUGH. No, sir; I do not object to any
one of the cases more than another. I presume
tliey are all alike.
Mr. BENJAMIN I have hitherto been op-
posed to the granting of special pensions in oppo-
sition to the general provisions of the law; but I
desire to express my thanks to the Senator from
Mississippi, the chairman of the Committee 011
Military Affairs, for his remarks to-day, which
have changed my opinion 011 the subject. I had, ,
up to the present time, regarded these pensions as
somewhat anomalous in a Government like ours.
I did not look at the subject in the light in which
it was presented to-day by. the Senator from Mis-
sissippi; that is to say, that according to1 our re-
publican system, we have a regular Army whose
officers are paid a bare subsistence for themselves
and their families during their lives; that they are
utterly unable to accumulate anything for the sup-
port of those they leave behind them; and when
gallant and distinguished officers, who have ren-
dered services to the country, services such as
have been rendered by these three great men,
General Smith, General Riley, and General Ma-^k.
comb; when I see officers like these leave widows
who make application to their country for the
moderate pittance of fifty dollars a month as a
pension for their support during their lives, I am
very glad that the Senator from Mississippi has
given me a basis 011 which I can give a vote for it.
I will vote for the bill with the greatest pleasure.
Mr. HALE. I shall vote for these cases, every
one of them; but I desire to enter my protest against
a remark which has fallen from the honorable Sen-
ator from Louisiana, and that is, that we pay our
officers a mere pittance. We are paying them,
sir, a very high salary. We are paying our lieu-
tenant general $18,000 a year; we are paying very
many gentlemen in this city—I have not the
