1914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
yeomanry, in a slaveholding State ? Why is that?
Do not gentlemen know ? Docs the gentleman
from South Carolina sleep upon a bed made in his
own State ?
Mr. ASHMORE. Yes, sir.
Mr. STANTON. Does he wear a fabric of
any description manufactured in his own State?
Mr. ASHMORE. At home X often do, but not
here.
Mr. STANTON. Why is it? Because there
is no encouragement to enterprise, none to inven-
tion. You must stimulate the mechanic arts by
establishing a system of labor which confers its
benefits upon the inventor, the manufacturer
himself. What does the slave care for manufac-
turing fine fabrics 5 He does not gain anything
by it. What does he care about inventing labor-
saving machinery?—it,saves him nothing. Hence
you And that all the patents como from Connec-
ticut and the Yankee States, and the other free
States. You find labor-saving machinery and
mechanical operations are confined principally
and substantially to the free States. They are
not in the South, because free labor there has no
encouragement; and more than that, free labor
must be intelligent.
You cannot have a free laboring population in
a community where you can have no schools. I
do not know of a common school between the Po-
tomac and the Rio Grande. There are a few
colleges. Of necessity it mftst be so as a general
rule. In a free State, whereevery man is the mas-
ter of his own earnings, the head of his own fam-
ily, he requires but a small space to occupy and
cultivate for their support. But go into a slave-
holding State, and the planter who has twenty or
thirty slaves, and who has half a dozen families,
must have a section or two of land to support
them. The consequence is, that the while popu-
lation must be sparse. You cannot have them
compact; you cannot have school-houses and
churchesm every neighborhood, because the pop-
ulation cannot sustain them.
Hut that is not all. • The tendency of this dis-
semination of education among the laboring pop-
ulation is to extend it to the slaves; but you can-
not educate the slaves, because that is the seed of
insu rrection.
Mr SINGLETON. I can inform the gentle-
man why it is that the South has not been more
exiensively engaged in manufactures and the me-
chanic aits. It is because it is mote to our inter-
est to engage m the culture of cotton, to supply
ihe markets of the world with that mntcnal.
But I will tell the gentleman that, if the coarse
which has been pursued by the North is perse-
vered in a IntIe while longer, and we are com-
pelled to a separate organization, we "Uill soon
unpiove m our knowledge of aits and manufac-
tures; and we shall very soon develop a sufficient
skill in those departments amou^ us, to manu-
facture everything in tin* South which is needed
by them. Wo think now it is for our interest to
buy manufactured articles fiom the Noillnand
to devote our energies to the cultivation of rot-
ton, corn, rice. & c.
Mr. STANTON. If there were anything that
would induce me to desire to perpetuate the pres-
ent state of things, it would be that the South
should introduce manufactures among themselves,
and thereby bring about an interchange of com-
modities.
IV'lore I sit down, I have one word in reply to
a remark of the gentleman Irom Mississippi, a
httle while ago. J t is elaimi d that the slavehold-
ing population cannot be confined to their present
geographical limits. If so, it results from one of
two causes: either that the continuance of that
policy upon the same soil must destroy its pro-
ductive qualities, or because the increase of the
slave population is such as to put the safety of the
community m peril. Hence gentlemen say that
some years hence, slavery must have more room.
Now, I wish to call the attention of gentlemen of
the Souih io this single proposition: if you must
have expansion now, will you tell me where is to
bo the ultimate limit of your expansion 5 You
want live more States this year, or fifty yeais
h'-nre; 'hen a hundred years hence you will want
twenty more. The time must como whim the
thing will be broken down and d< stroyed by iu
own wt.^ht, and it is on]}'a question of thru*.
Tin re's a hmit to all expansion. There is a limit
to the comment; to its productive capacity and
area; and when that limit is reached, then that
calamity which the gentleman dreads must come,
and no expansion can save it. ft is only a ques-
tion of timc;and it is a question whether we should
take hold of the thing to-day, and remedy the evil
where it exists at present, or whether we will per-
mit it to go on and«.ccumulateuntilit will be more
difficult to eradicate.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman from
Ohio will readily see that the argument he ad-
dresses to the slave population will apply equally
to the white. When population becomes so dense,
whether free or slave, the checks upon population
will begin their work. Everybody understands
that. The very argument of the gentleman, which
goes to show that as population increases among
the slaves, the difficulty of keeping them in that
position increases, also shows that that difficulty
arises not from apprehension of revolution, but
from non-employment. But the same argument
applies, and perhaps in a higher degree, to the
white population. But that is a day which we
claim there is no obligation upon us to anticipate.
We Representatives of the slave States have the
right to share m the common Territories of the
Union. We cannot admit a policy to be wise and
just and humane, which gives all to one section
of the Union against the common right of the
other.
Mr. STANTON, it is rather late in the day
for the gentleman from Viiginia to complain that
the North is seeking to monopolize the Territo-
ries. There was a line of partition within which
slavery might go, end beyond which it might not
go; but by the v ote of the gentleman it was taken
down and disregarded.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. But the gentleman
will remember, and I beg ho will, that, in that
respect, the rule was not even. You professed to
prohibit slavery north of 3G° 30', and then gave
us permission to have slavery south of that line,
should certain circumstances require it. It was
imperative upon the one side, but not upon the
other.
Mr. STANTON. Nobody proposed to force
slavery into n Territory against the will of the
slaveholders. But protection was afforded to if;
and the South was guarantied the right to go into
the territory south of 3G° 30'with their slaves.
But you were not crntcnt with that; you wanted
all; you inaugurated a struggle, and put on foot
a controversy for the possession of ali the Tern-
tones; and if you get the worse of it, it is no work
of ours.
The gentleman from Virginia says the same
cause will operate to demand the extension of ter-
ritory for tin- fiee population. There is no trouble,
so far as free-labor civilization is concerned, about
its .being able to maintain itself upon any reason-
able limit. Free-labor civilization is not that help-
less being that is compelled to change its location
on account of the exhaustion of the soil, or because
there is not enough laud for the whole population
to cultivate. Free-labor civilization establishes a
diversity of pursuits; it builds up manufactuimg
towns and villages; it inaugurates and establishes
new and important improvements in agricultuic;
it preserves the fertility of the soil; and it has the
capacity to sustain a large population upon asmall
surface.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The gentleman has
not stated my proposition correctly. I stated that
in the progress of population, as it went on increas-
ing, the checks to increase of population would
begin to apply, and would apply to the white
population as well as To the slave.
Mr. STAIN TON. I understand the gentleman.
It may be true that when the whole of this conti-
nent is ns densely peopled as Belgium, wc will
need expansion. I have no doubt of it. But I
appiehend that that is a day which if is not the
business of this generation to look forward to, or
to seek to provide against. Providence, in His
wisdom, has heretofore, in the history of the
world, provided some new and improved means
of obtaining subsistence for the human family, or
there have been discovered, from time to umc,
now continents for the increased population, so
ihat IIis creatine s have been provided for; and I
entertain no apprehension that it will not be so in
the future. If man does Ins own duiv; if he de-
velops the lesourrcs of th-% country—its minerals,
its water power, its timhei—if everything that is
profitable and available be turned to account and
made a source of subsistence for the huma.n fam-
ily, there is little danger of the people of this
continent, a thousand years hence, starving for
want of bread. In a slaveholding community it
is a very different thing. You cultivate the soil
till its productive quality is destroyed. You
multiply your slave population till it becomes a
dangerous element in society. You increase slave
labor till its value is diminished; and, in every
mode, you aro constantly depreciating the pro-
ductive capacity of the country where slavery
exists. You are therefore under the necessity of
still cursing new fields with the institution which,
in my judgment, has cursed those where it already
exists.
Mr. HUGHES I wish to reply to one observa-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio in regard to the
exhaustion of the soil. I venture to assert^ in the
presence of the Representatives of the people of
the United States, that there has been more im-
provement made in agricultuie within the last ten
years in the slave States than in any other portion
of the United States; and there are now in the
South more improved modes of agriculture, and
improvements of soil, than in any section of the.
United States. The gentleman will scarcely deny
that there has been more improvement in agricul-
ture m Maryland, Delaware, and Virginia, than
m any other section of the Union.
Mr. NIBLACK. Before the gentleman from
Ohio takes his scat I desire to propound to him
'one question, if I can get his attention. In the
course of the gentleman's remarks he made use
of an expression winch was a rather remarkable
one for Inm, or any other gentleman on that side
of the House—that is, that free labor is not a lin-
gciing, helpless thing, but is able to take care of
itself. That! concede; but if that be the case,
what necessity is there for seizing upon all the
powers of the Government for the purpose of
protecting that kind of labor, to the exclusion of
other labor ? Why not leave the Territories free
and open to competition between free and slave
labor, and let that which is most advantageous,
most powerful and strongest, prevail?
Mr. STANTON. One word, Mr. Chairman,
in reply to the gentleman from Indiaua. If I un-
derstand the doctrine of the Democratic party,
it protects slavery in the Territory until a State
government is organized. That is not all. When
this incipient State government is organized as a
free State, and there are a thousand slaves there,
you cannot-emancipate them; you are compelled
to buy them out, and they cost $1,000,000. Now,
sir, a fiee State, with free labor, docs not want to
be borne down and crippled, and compelled on
the organization of its State government to buy
out the laboring population that belongs to the
slaveholders there; and they ought not to be.
Further than that: free labor is able to take care
of itself; but if the Territory is under the govern-
ment of slavery rule, then the laboring population
must, of necessity, be excluded from all the ad-
vantages that result from free-labor civilization,
such as the institution of schools, the establish-
ment of a free press, free speech, and ali the priv-
ileges that are enjoyed in a free State, but which
cannot be enjoyed in a slaveholding Slate, becausc
they are inconsistent with the institution of sla-
very. That is why. Imay not express my opinion
on the subject of slavery in a slaveholding State,
because the safety of the institution would be
thereby endangered. I may not publish my opin-
ion on the subject of slavery in a newspaper, and
disseminate it m a slaveholding State. Why not?
Because it would have a tendency to stir up in-
surrection, and is inconsistent with the nature of
the institution* Hence, I say, free labor does not
wish to be tied down and clogged and crippled
by these things, which of necessity exist in every
slaveholding "State.
Mr. LONGNECKER obtained the floor.
Mr. NIBLACK. 1 wish to say to the gentle-
man from Ohio, that I think he misstates, in some
points, the Democratic doctrine in reference to the
power of incipient States. He savs that the Dem-
ocratic party hold that when a new State copic's
to form a constitution it must compensate the
owners of slaves. I have never understood the
Democratic party anywhere to proclaim any doc-
trine on that subject. That is a mattei which, so
fai as it has been adjudicated, has been decided
entirely the other way. The precedents are, that
when a people come to form a State constitution,
