2858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
order is before the Senate, but the bill is not yet
found.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have the printed bill
from the House, whichi I presume can be used,
and the Secretary can find the bill afterwards. A
printed copy is on file.
Mr. WADE. While the Secretary is search-
ing for that bill, I wish to take up a little bill for
the relief of Erastus Hutchins, and have it con-
sidered now. I ask the Senate to take up that
bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 446) for the relief of
Erastus Hutchins. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place the name of Erastus Hutchins,
of Ohio, a soldier in the war of 1812, upon the
pension roll,andallow him eightdollarsper month
from the 1st of January, 1860.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ANSON DAET.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. By unanimous
consent, the Chair will present to the Senate a
bill taken from the files in the case of Anson Dart,
which is the special order for half past eleven
o'clock to-day.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
220) for the relief of Anson Dart.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment offered by the
Senator from Oregon. Will the Senator from
Oregon prepare his amendmentagain? Ithasbeen
mislaid.
. Mr. LANE. The amendment I offered pro-
vided that, so far as thesalary was concerned, the
same salary should be extended to those who had
served in the same office previous and subsequent
to Mr. Dart. "The Secretary can draw it up again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the ques-
tion will be on the amendment, to insert at the end
•of the bill the following:
ProruU'd, That tho superintendents of Indian affairs em-
ployed m Oregon before and since said An*on Dart, be al-
lowed the same rate of compensation as is here provided
foi the '-aid Dart.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President, when, on
yesterday, 1 moved to postpone this bill, 1 prom-
ised tho Senate that I would make a very few
remarks to-day, as soon as I could be heard.
Seeing how very short n period of time is now
allowed, and admonished t>y the fact that the Sen-
ator from Oregon intends to make remarks in re-
ply, such is my anxiety to have a vote upon this
bill, and a final disposition of it, that I shall ad-
here most strictly to my promise.
My duty, Mr. President, to this bill and the
Senate, can be best fulfilled by giving a very suc-
cinct narrative of the case. It has been, time and
again and repeatedly, reported by committees of
both Houses favorably ;I might say unanimously.
The principle upon which it is based has been
recognized, after thorough and mature discussion;
and 1 was not aware that the bill was to meet with
the serious opposition which it has encountered,
until the remarks, somewhat lengthy and dis-
cursive in their character, fell from the lips of the
Senator from Oregonon the previous discussions
of this case. The main features of the bill arc
these: it asks, in the first place, for an increase
of salary from $2,500 to $4,000, for a period of
three years, during which he served as superin-
tendent of Indian affairs in Oregon. It asks, also,
for the allowance of ccrtain moneys which were
paid by him in the discharge of his duties as dis-
bursing officer upon the Pacific coast, which he
has actually paid out of his pocket for the board
of the interpreter and the hire of a clerk. These
last items constitute a feature in the bill, the pro-
priety and justice of which have been disputed in
no quarter.
The point in dispute between the Senator from
Oregon and the committee is this: the propriety
of allowing him, by a retroactive allowance, $4,000
salary instead of $9,500, at which sum it was fixed
when he accepted the office; and the amendment
of the Senator from Oregon is framed with a view
of testing the propriety of applying that principle
to this case. He moves, as an amendment, that
his predecessor m office and his successor in office
shall be allowed the same pay as is proposed to
be given to Dr. Dart by the bill from the House
of Representatives. So far as this feature in the
case is concerned, I have to make butone remark,
which I think will dispose of it. The beneficia-
ries of the gratuity proposed by the Senator from
Oregon are not petitioners, nor asking for it be-
fore this body. It is time enough to deal out that
kind of private justice when parties imagine them-
selves aggrieved and ask for it at the hands of
Congress. I doubt not they will be very much
surprised at this gratuitous liberality, which would
extend to them a salary which they never asked
for. I think that that will dispose of that feature
of the case.
As to the other, the allowance of an increase of
salary retrospectively, the committee placed that
upon this distinct principle: while they acknowl-
edge, as a general rule, it was a vicious principle,
yet, as the case was exceptional,and the circum-
stances were such as to place it beyond the pos-
sibility of being drawn into a precedent for sub-
sequent legislation, there was a propriety and
justice in doing so. What are the circumstances
of the case? At the time when this commission
was tendered to Dr. Dart—for it is not one which
he sought; such is the evidence before the com-
mittee—his prospects were far better, so far as
official promotion was concerned, for he stood
high in the favor of that Administration, than
those which this appointment conferred upon him.
He had a mission in his hand, at that time, to one
of the South American Republics. " Inasmuch as
he had been the compeer and associate of Mr.
Catlin, he was solicited by the Secretary of the
Interior—nil these facts, I believe, are in the record
and the papers—to go as superintendent of Indian
affairs to Oregon, because of his supposed inti-
macy with the habits and character and languages
of the Indians in that Territory. He declined to
go, because the salary had been placed too low.
It is admitted, I believe, on all hands, that the
fixing of the salary of the superintendent of In-
dian affairs of Oregon at that time at $2,500 was
simply a mistake. He was assured by the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, and by the then
chairman of the committee over which I now pre-
side, Judge Atchison, of Missouri, that every en-
deavor would be made to correct the mistake. He
went to Oregon under these assurances. He acted
upon them, lie accepted the office under them.
It was an admission, upon the part of the repre-
sentatives of the Government, that the salary was
inadequate. I have no doubt of the fact that the
salary was inadequate. That was at the time
when the Congress had fixed the compensation
of the superintendent of Indian affairs for Cali-
fornia, a neighboring State, where the some con-
dition of things prevailed precisely, at *£4,000. It
was at a time when prices of every kind were
enormously high, when an unnatural state of
things prevailed, and when the acceptance of office
there bankrupted and impoverished almost every
officer who attempted the public service under
, those circumstances. Do not these, therefore,
Mr. President, constitute exceptional circum-
stances by which you can make this allowance to
Dr. Dart, and very justly refuse to make it to his
predecessor and successor? I think so.
I will say, the committee arc aware of the vi-
cious character of a general principle of this kind;
but the adoption of it heretofore has not been
without exception. 1 think, on last Friday, we
increased the salary of a judge in California for
several years retrospectively, fU>000 a year; and
why? Because his services had been worth the
money; and the very same principle applies to the
case which is now before the Senate. No super-
intendent could have well taken the office for less
than $4,000 a year. I am aware that the distin-
guished Senator from Oregon, who once went out
as Governor of that Territory, accepted the office
which was tendered to him by the Executive at
a less rate for superintendence than that which
was afterwards given. The presence of that hon-
orable Senator here to-day shows why it is that
gentlemen who go out with the commission of
Governor of a Territory can easily afford to sat-
isfy and content themselves with a less salary
than one who goes for the simple purpose of re-
ceiving a fair pecuniary emolument for official |
services. j
Now, Mr. President, I have stated what are the j
features of this bill, and why the committee chose j
to allow, and why they thought it was proper to I
allow, this extra compensation to Dr. Dart—be-
cause the circumstances surroundinghiscase were
exceptional; because I believe that he earned these
moneys; that any other fair and able and honest
officer, exercising those duties ordischarging those
functions, would have- earned that money.
The Senator from Oregon takes exception to
several small matters of administration in the gen-
eral affairs of that Territory in the line of his
duty. This is a difference of opinion. The Sen-
ator made those points, and in justice to the com-
mittee and Dr. Dart, I asked the recommitment
of the bill to the Committee on Indian Affairs
again. They have made their supplementary re-
port. In that they find that there is not one sol-
itary thing that is complained of by the Senator
from Oregoi> that was not either justified by the
instructions from the Department, or which was
notaftenvards accepted and ratified by the Depart-
ment, or which does not amount to a simple dif-
ference of opinibn between the Senator from Ore-
gon and Dr. Dart, in this ease. The first is the
time which he is said to have loitered away in
Washington and around the purlieus of Now
York before he left. Why, sir, from the date of
his commission, and making the purchases in New
York, which he was instructed to do, he had no
time to leave at an earlier day, considering the
time of the sailing of the current steamer. Then
he came back, says the Senator from Oregon, and
remained here one hundred and fifty days. Sir,
the instructions which that man received, a copy
of which 1 have seen, covcred evci y discretion of
that kind; and when he had made treaties with
tho Indians upon tho coast of the Pacificfwest of
the Cascade mountains, there was an amount of
responsibility involved in their application, and
the consideration of those treaties, which required
the presence of such an officer here before the De-
partment. These were covered by his instruc-
tions, and although he came back before he re-
ceived the letter of recall, his coming here was
ratified, and the expenses of his trip were paid
while here.
I think the Senator from Oregon falls into some
mistakes, undoubtedly inadvertently, in stating
the expenses and allowances which were made to
Dr. Dart while he was here. It has been the
custom of the Department always to allow a com-
mutation for services while here. I know nothing
about this cxceptthat the whole discrepancy,the
amount of $300 which was certified to by the pro-
prietor of the boarding house, as the account
which he paid for his board,arose in consequence
of Mr. Manypenny requiring him to give the
exact amount and items of the bill, instead of
rendering up this commutation of $2 50 a day.
That will explain everything which the Senator
has brought so seriously against him about the
manner in which he occupied his time while here.
There is some little matter about postages—
they were then from twenty to forty cents upon
letters instead of three cents as now—which is
adverted to by the Senator from Oregon, making
it appear that there was an unnecessary, useless,
and extravagant charge in that item; but when
we look back to the period of things which pre-
vailed theie, it appears to be the exercise of true
and real economy.
I cannot go further into this subject, because I
see the time is nearly out. I will advert, then, to
the other exception which has been taken to his
administration of affairs m Oregon. I have said
that that amounts to nothing more than a differ-
ence between the capacity of that man to admin-
ister affairs and the judgment of the Senator from
Oregon. By referring back to 1852, in the House
of Representatives, when my colleague, then a
member of the House, and my friend from Ore-
gon. then a Delegate, weie discussing the pro-
priety and the expediency of these vury treaties
which the Senator thinks now were so unwise
and inapplicable to the necessities of the country,
1 find the Senator from Oregon approving of his
whole policy, passing eulogiums upon the econ-
omy and efficiency with which this man had ne-
gotiated these tieaties, and the locating of the
treaties right in the very region of country which
he has condemned since that. I will not send it
to the Chair; but I will beg to read it myself.
The Senator from Oregon said on that subject:
" But let tiiat be as it may, I am satisfied that the super-
intendent of Jndi;m affair^ who made ihebu ttc-atiesi, for
winch Ik; used $-6,000 in advance of an applanation,
