1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
acted in go*>d faith, and that he has practiced asstrictecon-
omy as he could. And 1 am satisfied, further, that, when he
commenced these negotiations, lie was induced to believe
that the old board had the sum of $6,000 unexpended; and
that, upon the faith of that belief, he borrowed money, and
used it for the proppi purpose ; and I do nol know that he
has made any reservations of the character I speak of."
Mr. President, the economy with which he dis-
bursed the funds of the Government, and the ex-
cellence of his judgment m selecting the places
where lie negotiated the treaties, are all approved
by the Senator from Oregon. He disapproved of
one feature, said to have been contained in those
treaties, and that was the allowance of the Indian
tribes to remain on their reservations for ten years.
I was then a member of this body, and remember
that it was indicated to me, at that time, as one of
the strangest circumstances that the Indians re-
fused to receive the annuities for longer than, ten
years; because it was said they were fleeting in
their character; that they were temporary tribes,
and must soon be utterly extinguished, and would
not want the money for more than ten years. So
far as the treaties were concerned, it is unneces-
sary now to discuss them. They were rejected,
upon my advice as chairman of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, upon the views, I believe, of the
Senator from Oregon. We disapproved of them
in judgment. It was a difference of opinion. I
do not think that ought to be considered as a se-
rious objection to the allowance of further com-
pensation to Dr. Dart; for whether these treaties
were right or wrong is a question which the events
of the future can alone determine. Subsequently
a war broke out. It may have been in conse-
quencevof the rejection of the treaties. It might
have followed in spite of them. I cannot say as
to that.
Mr. LANE. He made no treaty with those
Indians where war broke out.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Very well. They were all
made west of the Cascade mountains. I under-
stood the Senator from Oregon to object that the
treaties were made where there was no population
at all, and where a population was not settling.
I have a map of the Stale of Oregon, and I find
that all the counties arc laid off between the coast
and the Cascade mountains, and that was the
very region in which ] )r. Dart made these treaties.
Mr. LANE. Why did you not ratify them?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I beg the Senators's par-
don. I recommended to the Senate that those
treaties should be rejected upon his advice, and
upon that of no other person. He was the Del-
egate from that Territory. I could credit the
representation of no other one; and that is the
reason why, as I say, it is a mere difference of
judgment between him and the superintendent of
Indian affairs; and to this day, Mr. President,
neither you, nor I, nor the Senate know who was
right.
Mr. LANE. I hope the Senate will take my
judgment again in relation to this matter. I will
be very much obliged, to them if they do. Mr.
President, I hope this case may now be decided.
I do not want to take up the time of the Senate
about it. I am tired of it. I know it is wrong,
and I know it ought not to pass; but still 
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I hope, as the time has
arrived for the consideration of the special order,
that wc shall postpone it for fifteen minutes, to
allow the Senator from Oregon to proceed.
Mr. LANE. I am not going to take fifteen
minutes.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Well, I will say for a few
minutes, until we dispose of the bill.
' The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hour fixed
for the consideration of the special order has ar-
rived,* and it must be taken up, unless otherwise
directed by the Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to postpone it for
ten minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope that will be adopted
by general consent.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope not. I dislike to inter-
pose; but we have a very important appropria-
tion bill under consideration, and we have now got
but five or six days left. I am perfectly willing
to take up this thing at the proper time; but it is
talked, and talked, and talked to death. I do not
sec any reason why we should postpone the ap-
propriation bill for this one.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest to the Senator
from Georgia that we lose more time in this dis-
cussion about it than by taking it up.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think so. I think we
should proceed with public business in the order
of its importance and interest; and so far as my
course is concerned, we must have it done. I call
for the ordor of the Senate.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Georgia that I shall be very much
obliged if he will allow me ten minutes on this
subject. I shall make no reply to the Senator
from Oregon, but allow the vote to betaken. It is
not even asked to postpone the appropriation bill
for fifteen minutes, and we shall get rid of a
troublesome subject.
Mr. LANE. I shall try to get through in fif-
teen minutes if I can.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator from Arkansas state his motion again ?
Mr. LANE. I am willing.to let this matter go
over.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am perfectly willing to make
it the special order for half past eleven o'clock to-
morrow.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. If we can have it made the
special order for the morning hour of to-morrow
at half past eleven o'clock, 1 will consent to pass
it over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion to postpone the further consid-
eration nf this subject, and make it the special
order for to-morrow at half past eleven o'clock.
Mr. GREEN. I will move to postpone it until
the second Monday of December. We have al-
ready consumed too much time on this bill to the
exclusion of other business. I do not think one
bill ought to consume the whole time of the Sen-
ate. I move to postpone it until the second Mon-
day of December.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I hope not. All the time
we have consumed hitherto will be wasted unless
we finish it, and one more sitting will finish it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
will be put by the Chair on the longest time stated.
It amoved to postpone the further consideration
of this bill until the second Monday of December
next.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now 1 move to make it
the special order for to-monowathalf past eleven
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following joint resolutions
of the Senate:
A joint resolution (No. 5) for supplying the
Choctaw, Cherokee,and Chickasaw Nations "with
such copies of the laws, journals, and public
printed documents, as are furnished to the States
and Territories;
A joint resolution (No. 35) providing for the
observation of the eclipse of the sun, which will
occur on the 18th day of July next; and
A joint resolution (No. 34) in relation to the
works of the exploring expedition.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (No. 665) to amend an act ap-
proved February 5, 1859, entitled " An act pro-
viding for keeping and distributing all public doc-
uments, and for other purposes;" in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested.
ENKOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills; which
thereupon received the signature of the President
pro tempore :
A bill (H. R. No. 8) for the relief of George P.
Marsh;
A hill (H. R. No. 385) granting-an invalid pen-
sion to Beriah Wright, of New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 446) for the relief ofErastus
Hutchins; and
A bill (H. R. No. 556) for the relief of Francis
Lavonture and Pierre Grignon.
RETURN OF BILLS FROM TIIK HOUSE.
Mr. MASON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a message be sent to the House of Rep-
resentatives to request the return to the Senate of the bill
(S. No. 271) fot the leliefof John P.Blown, which passed
the Senate May 4,1860.
Mr. GWIN submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered, by unanimous con*
sent, and agreed to: ^
Resolved, That the Secretaryrequest the retiarn from the
House of Representatives of the bill (S.No%84) to facilitate
communication between the Atlantic and' Pacific .States
by electric telegraph, with the amendment of 0at Hoyse
thereto. _ V ,4
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL. ;
The Senate, as in Committee of the WJiole, rer
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R- Nov
501) making appropriations for certain civil/eX^
penses of the Government for the year ending the
30th of June, 1861; the pending question being on
the following amendment, submitted by Mr. Sim-
mons, from the Committee on Claims, to insert
as a new section: -
Atxd be it further enacted. That to provide for the faithful
execution of the fourth article of the treaty with Great
Britain of the 9th of August, 1842, and to secure-the release#
mentioned in said iroaty,the Secretary of the Ti^asarybd^
and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any money in file
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Catharine C. Ward,
of Roxbury, Massachusetts, and Laura A. Stebbins, of Ban-
gor, Maine, each the sum of $6,686 50; and to James A.
Drew, of Chelsea, Massachusetts, and Rufus Mansur, of
Iloulton, Maine, each the sum of $11,401; and to Edmund
Monroe, of Boston, Massachusetts, the sum of §15,881 S5;
and to Ben}. Sewall,of said Boston, the sum of $5,293 75:
Pi o vided, That the said W ard, Stebbins, Drew, and Mansur,
holding titles to the Eaton grant; and the said Drew and
Mansur, holding titles to the cast half of Plymouth town-
ship ; and the said Monroe and ScwaH, holding titles to the
west half of Plymouth township,shall respectively execute,
or cause to be executed, deed^ of release as required-by the
fourth article of said treaty to the parties holding " posses-
sory," or "equitable possessory claims,to lands m said
Eaton grant and Plymouth township, as described'iir the
reports made to the Governor and Council 'of Maine-, by
Ebenezer Hutchinson and others, commissioners under a
resolution passed by the Legislature of said State on the
12th of April, 1854, and tile pfanof surveys accompanying
said reports, of record m the land office'of said State, and
that it shall appear to the satisfaction of the Jand agent of
said State that &uch deeds of release do confirm and quiet,
to the persons entitled thereto, the title to such lands, as
required by said treaty: Jlnd provided also, That if the said
paities shall fail to make, or cause to be made, such deeds
of release to the whole of said lands, a deduction shall be
made from the compensation herein provided, from the
allowance to the parties so failing to release, at the rate of
two dollars pcracre,for the land not so released : -And pro-
vided, also, That the payments herein provided shall be in
full satisfaction for the timber taken from said Eaton grant
and Plymouth township, and lost to the proprietors in con-
sequence of the diplomatic arrangement entered into in 1832
between the United States and Great Britain, suspending
the jurisdiction of Maine, in said territory.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President 
Mr. TOOMBS. I make a point of order on that
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A point of
order has been made as to whether the amend-
ment comes within the 30th rule of the Senate.
The Chair is under the impression that it is a
private claim.
Mr. IVERSON. I want to discuss that ques-
tion before the Chair decides it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is important
to decide the question, in order that the Senator
may appeal, and, if he thinks proper, discuss the
appeal.
Mr. IVERSON. Is not the question of order
open to discussion before the Chair decides? «
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
very clem* on the point that the amendment is
excluded by the 30th rule of the Senate; that it is
a private claim.
Mr. IVERSON. Then I will appeal from the
decision of the Chair, and I will proceed to ad-
dress myself to that particular point as to whether
it is in order as an amendment to an appropriation
bill. I think the Chair will concede, and so Will
every Senator who will listen to me, that.if the
amendment is to carry out the provisions of a
treaty, it is in order on this bill. 1 presume no-
body will dispute that fact, although it may be a
private claim; that is to say, it may be paying
money to individuals. It comes from a commit-
tee, and therefore is propedy moved; and if it is
to carry out the provisions of a treaty, then, of
course, it may be put upon an appropriation bill.
Now, sir, 1 proceed to discuss that question, to
show that it is to carry out the provisions of a
treaty. AH the difficulty I apprehend is that the
Senate will not listen to the case. I think if any
Senator will listen to the case, and judge impar-
tially* he cannot fail to come to the conclusion ,
that this amendment is intended to carry out ihe
provisions of the treaty, and is therefore in order.
The fourth article of the treaty between the United
