2860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
States and Groat Britain, made in 1842, commonly
called the Ashburton treaty, is in these terms:
" Art. 4. All grant* of land heretofore made by either,
party within the limits of the territory which, bv this treaty
falls within the dominions of the other party, shall be held
valid, ratified, and confirmed to the por->ons in possesion
under such giants, to the same extent as jf such territory
-^had, by this treaty, fallen within the dominions of the party
\^by whom such gi<uits wcic made; and all equitable pos-
* sessory claims arising from a possession and impiovement
of any lot or parcel of land by the person actually m pos-
session, or by those under whom such peison claims, for
more than six years before the date of this treaty, fhnll,in
like mamiei, be deemed valid, and be confirmed and quieted
by a release to the person entitled thereto, of the title to
such lot or parcel of land so described, as best to include
the improvements made theieon ; and in all other resppoN
the two contracting parties agree to deal upon the most. lib-
eral principles of equity with the settlers actually dwelling
upon the territory falling to them, respectively, which has
heretofore been in dispute between them."
That is the provision of the treaty, that when-
ever any land falling on either side of the bound-
ary shall have been in possession of any person
for six years anterior to the date of the treaty,
notwithstanding there may have been an outstand-
ing higher legal title, these titles of possession
should be quieted and released from the person
who holds tne higher an&paramount title. That
is the obligation of the treaty. Now, sir, upon
investigation, these individuals to whom this
money is proposed to bo paid are the individuals
who hold the higher title, who hold the paiamount
legal title, and it is to quiet the possessory title
to the occupants of this soil, by the purchase of
this higher or paramount title, that this amend-
ment is proposed.
Mr. TOOMBS. How about the timber?
Mr. IVERSON. That is another matter. That
is not the question. J am only speaking now of
the point of order. The merits of the question,
whether the amendment ought to bo adopted or
not, ate to be discussed afterwards.
Mr BRAGG. Will the Senator allow mc to
interrupt him a moment?
Mr. IVERSON. Certainly.
Mr. BRAGG. Is he not aware thnt a large
amount of this amendment is for the limber, and
not embraced in the fourth mticie of the treaty''
Mr. IVERSON. I am not discussing the merits
of the amendment itself, and I do not think it is
properly a subject for discussion. Whether the
amendment shall be adopted or not will depend
upon the merits of the amendment itself.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 will ask my colleague this
further question: whether, when you propose to
quiet this title, to make the title good, which may
be brought under the treaty, and you then pro-
pose to pay a large sum for timber not. being un-
der the treaty, that is a private claim or not?
Mr. IVERSON. On the question of order, if
any portion of it is in order, you cannot exclude
the whole amendment. That is the universal de-
cision of the Chair. If any portion of the amend-
ment is in the rule, it is not excluded by the rule.
This is, therefore, admissible; and you cannot
exclude it on the point of order.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 deny that.
v Mr. IVERSON. That has been the uniform
decision, as I understand.
But so far as regards the claim for timber, Jet
us see what that is. A portion of the amendment
proposes to quiet this title in pursuance of the
obligations of the treaty. It is to buy from the
legal owners their title, so that the title of the pos-
sessors, the occupants, may be pei footed and qui-
eted agreeably to the obligations imposed upon
Government by this treaty. Now, in relation to
this stumpage, as it is called, that portion of the
amendment which proposes to pay to these parties
so much per acre for the timber that has been cut
away, goes upon this principle, ami I think every
gentleman will acknowledge its propriety: the
persons who held the legal title, of course, were
entitled to the timber. The occupants whose tale
is to be quieted by this treaty went there and
squatted upon it for six years, and cut off the tim-
ber of the legal owners. Nowvsir,is not theGov-
ernment bound to pay the legal owners of this
timber when they quiet the title? Of course, the
owners had a right to sue. and recover damages
for trespass on this timber. The timber was as
much the property of the legal owners as the soil
itself; and, as a matter of course,the Government
* is bound to quiet these titles and to keep these
parties in possession, as if the land belonged to
them for the six years they were in possession.
That cannot be done except by paying the legal
owners, those who have thp paramount tiue,
everything to which they would be entitled in an
action m trespass or an action of ejectment* You
must quiet their title; you must buy off their re-
linquishment; you mustobtain from them a release
under the terms of the treaty to these possessory
occupants of the whole of the land; and in doing
that you must do full justice, by paying to them
whatever injury they or their title has sustained
from the occupancy of it. That is the whole
case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair having decided that this
amendment was excluded under the 30th rule, and
an appeal having been taken from that decision,
the question is, " Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the Senate?"
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that question, merely to test the sense of the
Senate upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BRAGG. 1 am not disposed, Mr. Presi-
dent, to take up the time of the Senate on such a
subject as this. I regret its introduction, because,
in all disputed eases of this sort, particularly at
this stage of the session, it is hardly to bo ex-
pected that they will receive that attention which
they ought to receive befoie they pass; and I think
it is especially objectionable that claims of this
kind should be tacked on to the appropriation bills.
Now, sir, it is very evident that the whole of
this matter is a very complicated one. Every
member of the Senate who has heard the amend-
ment road by the Secretary, I think, must be at a
loss to undeixtand the meaning of it or its appli-
cation. There is not time, without consuming a
great deal of the valuable time of the Senate, in
discussing the merits of the thing at all; and I am
glad, theiefore, that the Senator from Georgia has
raised the point of order. To my mind, and I
have had some conncction with this case, it is per-
fectly clear that that amendment does not come
within the provisions of the treaty of 1842, orany
other law, and therefore it seems to mc that the
decision of the Chair, under the 30th rule of the
Senate, is entirely correct on that point. The last
part of that rule provides:
u And no amendment shall be received who«ie object is
to piovide for a pri\ate claim, unless it is to carry out the
pi<>\ ii-ions ot an existniq law or a treaty stipulation "
Now, that is the whole inquiry here: whether
this amendment is to carry out the provisions of
an existing law, or the provisions contained in
some treaty made by this Government with some
foreign Government. Now,whatisthisclaim for?
It proposes to appropriate various sums to vari-
ous individuals, the whole amounting to upwards
of fifty-seven thousand dollars. How is it made
up? I have a portion of the papers here before
me. We had the matter before us in the Com-
mittee on Claims, and I have the reports also be-
fore me made in the other branch of Congress by
the committee there. Why, sir, $40,000ofit is for
tilts stumpage, as it is callcd; damages sustained
by these claimants upon the land, as they allege,
from about the year 1829 up to about the year
1839.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is mistaken
in that particular. There is only about twenty-
three thousand dollars for timber.
Mr. BRAGG. The Senator himself is mis-
taken.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. The only dif-
ference is this: one is for timber absolutely taken
olf the land which has no connection with the land,
and the other is for land and timber; the land
being estimated at two dollars an acre, and the
timber at two dollars.
Mr. BRAGG. I understand the Senator to ad-
mit that there is $20,000 of a claim for timber.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Over twenty thousand
dollars, certainly.
Mr. BRAGG. Twenty thousand dollars is as
good as $40,000; but I tell the Senator again he is
entirely mistaken.
# Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all. The Senator
is mistaken.
Mr. BRAGG. Why. sir, of this Eaton grant
which is mentioned here, it is represented by these
parties, and they claim that the timberwas cut off
twenty-three thousand acres of land. I have the
documents before me. Icannotbemistaken. Iam
entirely familiar with this matter. The Commit-
tee on Claims undertook to allow one dollar per
acre for the timber. Then, sir, theie were eight
thousand acres and upwards of land claimed by
these squatters, these possessory claimants, whose
title it is sought now to extinguish. The original
parties had a claim not only for the value of the
land estimated at two dollars, but also for the
value of the timber cut off the land, estimated at
two dollars an acre, and allowed by the commit-
tees who have reported on it, for the reason that
that land and the timber on it was more valuable
than other parts of the land—it being on the river,
and therefore accessible to the lumber-getters.
Hence it was, that, for these eight thousand acres
and upwards, the committee allowed four dollars
—two dollars for stumpage and two dollars for
the value of the land originally as taken by these
squatters.
I know I am not mistaken. I say it with the
utmost confidence, that, putting those amounts
together, it will amount to a little over forty thou-
sand dollars allowed for this stumpage; and then,
two dollars an acre allowed for upwards of eight
thousand acres—besides that amount of land which
it was said these equitable, possessory claimants
had in possession—would make up the balance
of the £>57,000 which is now claimed here. Thus,
it will be seen that by far the larger poi tion of this
claim docs not conic within the provisions of the
treaty at all, assuming the other part to come within
the provisions of the treaty, which I utterly deny;
for I do not think any of it is within the provis-
ions of the treaty of 1842. One thing is very cer-
tain, and it is generally conceded: that the latter
part of the amendment docs not come within the
treaty of 1842. I call the attention of the Senator
from Maine to the fact that the amendment which
is now proposed concedes—notwithstanding the
chainnan of the Committee on Claims, who said
to the contiary—that this stumpage claim does
not come within the provisions of the treaty of
1842, commonly called the Ashburton treaty, or
the treaty of Washington. It says, however, that
it arises out of certain arrangements made between
this Government and the Government of Great
Britain, by which the State of Maine ceasing to
assert her claim to this disputed territory, these
squatters went in and cut off the timber, and
thereby these parties were admitted. That is the
ground of theclaim presented to this Government.
The latter portion of the amendment, as it is of-
fered, admits that that is the claim. These are the
words of the amendment:
" That the payments herein provided shall be in full sat-
isfaction for thetimbei taken from the said Eaton giant and
Plymouth township, and lost to the proprietors in consc-
quence of a diplomatic arrangement enteicd into in 1B4*2
between the United States and Great Britain, suspending
the jurisdiction of Maine in said teriitoiy."
So, then, that part of the claim does not rest
upon the carrying out of any existing law or any
treaty stipulation. There is no treaty at all. It
was a mere diplomatic arrangement by which
these parties ceased to assert their claim; and that,
in the mean time, from 1$32 up to 1839, when
Maine did assert her claim, and went in with a
military force, this damage was done. That is
purely a matter personal to these claimants. They
had every opportunity, if they had the title, of
suing those parties, and adjudicating them, and
recovering damages; and that part of the claim,
which is by far the larger portion of it, is simply
for these damages, which it is asserted and alleged
were done to the land between the years 1832 and
1839. Now, sir, that comes within no law—no
treaty stipulation. It docs not come within the
provisions of the treaty of 1842, as my fiiend
[Mr. 1\erson*] savs. It has nothing to do with it.
But it is said there was some arrangement
between the two Governments. What was that
arrangement? That neither party would take
possession of this disputed territory until a treaty
could be made and the boundary line settled. In
the mean time, in spite of that agreement, squat-
ters went m there, it is said; got upon the land;
cut the timber off; and they ask the Government
to pay for it. Whether the Government ought to
do it or not, is another matter; but, that it is a
private claim,seems to mc perfectly clear. There
is no provision of any treaty to pay for it. There
is no stipulation in any treaty that that stumpage
shall be paid. There is no law that it shall be
paid: and our rule is express, unless in one case
or the other, and that a claim of that kind shall
not be put upon an appropriation bill.
