1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
giving the reasons why other persons, who have
served in the capacity in which this gentleman
.iu.s, shall be paid as lie will be if this bill should
pass. 1 am ready, and a little anxious, to meet it
now and have it settled; but this is private bill
day, and if gentlemen want private bills considered
to-day they had better not take up this bill.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. As the Senator from Ore-
gon intimates there is to be an extended debate
upon this subject, I think we may as well begin it
now; and after we progress in it, if the Senate is
disposed then to postpone it for other purposes, I
shall not object. This bill has passed the Senate
twice without any objection to any extent what-
ever. It has been reported, I believe, three or four
times in this body, and reported by some of the
most distinguished men that have sat in this body
who have been upon the Committee on Indian
Affairs—men who are not now members of the
body, and of whom, therefore, I feel at liberty to
speak; for instance, Mr. Rusk, upon the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and Mr. Bell, of Ten-
nessee. As the gentleman refers to a principle
involved in the bill, 1 desire to read a few sentences
from what Mr. Rusk said upon one occasion when
this bill passed the Senate:
" The Committee on Indian Affairs were unanimous upon
tills subject. I know that it is a bad practice to give in-
creased compensation to an ofheer after ins services have
been performed ; but it has been done in several instances,
and in some cases winch, perhaps, weie not meritorious.
There is no doubt thdt tins is a merin.iious case. It was
distinctly stated to Mr Dart, at tiic time of liis appointment,
by tiie then chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
that a bill winch was then pending for an increase ot' the
salary of the California superintendent should be made to
include the supei intendenr in Ort-^on. That piovision, ac-
cording to my tecolieeunn, had the sanction of the Indian
bureau; but by some ovei>ig!it it win not included m the
bill. Mr. Dait went to Oregon and perlormed his duties in
a very satisfactory manner, lie preserved peace among the
Indians in Oregon, and brought back as good a report as
perhaps any other s11p^111ntj-ikL^■ 11L."*
Mr. Dodge of Wisconsin,and Mr. Bell of Ten-
nessee, also speaking upon this subject, used lan-
guage equally clear and definite, But, Mi. Pres-
ident, I shall not go into the argument now upon
the motion to take it up. 1 simply say that if we
are to have a discussion on this question, we may
as well commence it now in the morning hour.
Mr. IVERSON. I trust the Senate will not
take up this bill, as it has now developed itself.
It will lead to discussion, and probably occupy
the whole day. It is simply a proposition to take
up a bill which is not m order, to consume the
whole day in priority of other bills that have been
on your docket for months. The proposition has
no merit in it. I do not know anything about
this bill. I may vote for it when it is taken up
for consideration; but I protest that this injustice
shall not be done to other claimants who have
claims upon your docket, and who have priority
according to the practice of the Senate, by taking
up this bill—a litigated case—which is to be dis-
cussed, and will consume the whole day in discus-
sion ; while, if we take up the Private Calendar in
its order, we may pass a number of bills which
have merit, probably as much merit as the bill
the Senator now asks to have taken up. It is
unjust that these other claims should be set aside
for a claim of this sort. Let this claim come up
in its order, and be considered in order, and not
thrust upon the Senate in this way, in preference
to other cases perhaps having equally as much
merit as this has. I call for the yeas and nays on
the proposition to take it up.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. My proposition is to take
up the bill during the morning hour, and at one
o'clock the regular order will come up.
Mr. IVERSON. Then 1 have no objection to
it. 1 will not object to the bill being considered
until one o'clock.
Mr. DOOUTTLE. The regular older can
come up then, and let this be put aside. I ask
that it may be taken up during the morning hour.
Mr. GWIN." It is perfectly evident that we
shall not be able to get through with the consid-
eration of this bill duriilg the morning hour, and
] want a very short executive session on business
of importance before the morning hour expires.
1 hope the Senator will not move to take it up
unless we can dispose of it at once. I know ncth-
lii"- of the merits of the bill, and have no objec-
tion to it. If we can get through with morning
business, and then have a short executive session
before one o'clock, it would be a better consump-
tion of time than a broken debate on a question
that evidently will not be decided. I merely make
the suggestion, not that 1 want to stop the con-
sideration of the measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick in the chair.) It is moved and seconded that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of the bill
indicated by the Senator from Wisconsin,
The motion was not agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. GWIN, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business; and
after some time spent therein, the doors were re-
opened.
NORTH CAROLINA CIIEROKEES.
Mr. CLINGMAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Indian Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of amending the
second proviso to the ihird section of an act entitled " An
act making appropriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian depaitment, and lor fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes," &.C., approved
March 3, 1855, so as to exempt from tiie operation of said
proviso ail of the North Carolina Cherokees who have be-
come citizens under the treaties of 1817and 1819, and sub-
sequent treaties, and are embraced as such in the ccnsus
of the State, taken in 1850.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, it
was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it be to i
meet on Monday next.
PRIVATE CALENDAR.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) If no other business be presented, the
Chair will procced with the consideration of the
Private Calendar at this time, it being nearly one
o'clock.
Mr. IVERSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed only to the consideration of such cases as
shall not be objected to.
The motion was agreed to.
JOHN PEEBLES.
The first bill on the Private Calendar was the
bill (S. No. 125) from the Court of Claims for the
relief of John Peebles.
Mr. IVERSON. That is a case in which there
is some contest. Let it be passed over.
The bill was passed over.
JOHN ERICSSON.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 132)
from the Court of Claims for the relief of John
Ericsson.
The bill was reported to the Senate with'out
amendment, was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The report will
be read.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand this bill was laid
over on a former private bill day, to enable either
the Senator from Florida [Mr. Mai.i.ory] or the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Hale.] both
of whom are now absent, to look into it. I think
they were opposed to it. I therefore propose that
it shall be passed over without the reading of the
report.
Mr. IVERSON. I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill stands
on lis passage; but, objection being raised, it will
be passed over.
KAHUM WARD.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 137) from the Court of Claims for the relief
of Nahum Ward.
Mr. IVERSON. That is a contested case. I
move that it be passed over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the bill will lie over.
ERNEST FIEDLER.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 138) from the Court of Claims for the relief
of Ernest Fiedler.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am in favor of that hill. 1
have no doubt in the world about it myself, but
there are those on this side of the Senate who are
decidedly opposed to it; and, as I understand,the
I principle of it is to be discussed. While I am a
friend of the bill, for the reasons I have given, I
shall object to all that class of eases. I think tho
Senator from Georgia does hot propose to take
up this class of cases relating to duties.
Mr. IVERSON. No. if' this is one .of-the
duty-cases, I was not aware of it,or I should have
objected to it. _ _
Mr. HAMLIN. This is one of them.
Mr. IVERSON. Let it go over.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
treat the objection as applying to all eases of that
character, and they will be passed over.
Mr. IVERSON. Let the Secretary pass over
all the bills down to S. No. 204.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will be
considered as the sense of the Senate, unless
objected to.
GEORGE ASHLEY.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 204) fi'om the Court of Claims for the relief
of George Ashley, administrator de bonis non of
Samuel Holgate, deceased.
Mr. IVERSON. I wilistate that that bill, when
up before, was debated. I do not know'whether
any gentleman present is disposed to debate it,
but as it is contested, I move that it be passed
over
The PRESIDING OFFICER.. The bill will
be passed over under the order, objection being
interposed.
0. II. BERRYMAN AND OTHERS.
The bill (S. No. 205) from the Court of Claims
for the relief of O. H. Berry man and others, was
read a second time and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Otway H. Berryman and
the other officers and crew of the United States
schooner Onkahye, the sum of §20,664 69, being
the balance of the prize money obtained by the
capture of the bark Laurens by that schooner
in the year 1848; which sum is to be distributed
among the officers and crew in such proportion as
shall be designated by the Secretary of the Navy,
according to the provisions of the sixth section of
the act of April 23, 1800, entitled "An act for the
government of the Navy of the United States."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. GB.IMES. I ask for the rereading of the
bill.
The Secretary read it.
Mrt TRUMBULL. I should like to hear the
report in that case. It is a pretty large sum of
money.
Mr. IVERSON. The report in the case is the
decision of the Court of Claims. There has been
no report from a committee. The decision of the
Court will state the case. It is rather lengthy.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The opinion
of the court will be read.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the opinion is long, I
do not wish to take up time by having it read.
I should like to know if the chairman can state
what the case is, ami whether the judgment of the
court is in its favor.
Mr. IVERSON. I will state the case very
briefly. Berryman was commander of the United
States vessel which captured the Laurens, and
the Laurens was condemned, and, of course, one
half of the prize money was awarded to the cap-
tors, under our law. During the pendency of
the case in our court, the money was ordered to
be deposited with the clerk, or some other re-
ceiver of money, as a Government agent; and be-
fore the final decision of the case, if I remember
correctly, that receiver became insolvent, and the
money was squandered and lost. The court de-
cided that the Government is responsible for this
amount to these captors. That is the case.
Mr. POLK. I should like to ask the Senator
from Georgia if there was not on one occasion an
unfavorable report made on this ease from the
CourtofClaims, orfrom the Committee on Claims,
through the Senator from Florida, [Mr. Mallo-
KYlvlr. IVERSON. I do not remember whether
there was or not.
Mr. POLK. I think it would be better to have
that report read. I have some recollection of a
ease in which we had a controversy whether liie
United States should be responsible lor the money
lost by the insolvency or bad conductor areeeiver,
