1918
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
or whether the captors should be responsible for
it. I do not know that this is the case; but it is
for a pretty large amount, as one Senator has sug-
gested, and it seems that the United States has
got to be responsible, if this bill should pass, for
the loss of the money through the negligence or
bad conduct of somebody, and I think we ought
to know what the circumstances are.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the opinion of the court is called for.
The Secretary proceeded to read an adverse re-
port made on the case by Mr. Polk at the first
session of the Thirty-Fifth Congress.
Mr. IVERSON. That was a report made by*
the committee at the last Congress; not by the
committee of the present Congress. The present
committee made no such report
Mr. POLK. I object to the consideration of
the bill to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing interposed, it will be passed over under the
order for this day. The Chair will take occasion
here to state that if any extended remarks be made
upon any bill, the Chair will feel obliged, under
the order of the day, to have it passed over.
JAMES CROOKS.
The bill (S. No. 213) from the Court of Claims
for the relief of James Crooks was read a second
time, and considered asm Committee of the Whole.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury to
pay to James Crooks, surviwng partner of the
firm of James and William Ciooks, in full for all
claim ho has against the United States for the
seizure and sale of the schooner Lord Nelson, on
Lake Ontario, on the 5th of June, 1812, by Lieu-
tenant Maianethon T. Woolsey, of the United
States Navy, and the condemnation and sale of
the schooner, with her cargo, under a decree of
the United States district court for the district of
New York, the sum of ^383 50.
Mr. PEA ROE. Ik there an^ report in that
case? I should like to hear it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the report is called for. It will be lead. The
Chair supposes that it is embodied in the opinion
of the Court of Claims.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask that that ease may
go over for the present.
TheXHIESIDINGOFFICER. Objection bein<-
interposed, it goes o\er, under the order of the day.
MARY I-'MATIIKIISTON.
The bill (S. No. 222) for the relief of Mary
Featherston, widow of John Feathers ton, wasiead
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, it dhects the Seeietary of the Inte-
rior to place the name of Mary Feathers ton, widow
of John Fealherston, late a boatswain m (lie [Lu-
ted Suites Navy, on the pension roll, at the rate
of ten dollars per month, from the 30th of Oetobei,
1852, and to continue during her natural life or
widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
J. J. LINTS.
The bill (S. No. 223) for the relief of J. J. Lints,
was read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The bill directs the Secre-
tary of th'1 Treasury to pay to J. J. Lints 1 he sum
of si,230, bciu£  in fail for his services as custo-
dian of the public property at Erie, Pennsylvania,
from the btli of April, 1857, to the Kith of Decem-
ber, 3 85^, inclusive.
The bill was ivport"d to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ANNIE I). REEVES.
The bill (S, No. 225) for the relief of Annie D.
Reeves was read a second time, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. It authorizes the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Annie D. Itceves, widow of J. S. K. Reeves, late
captain in the fu-^t regiment of artillery, United
States Army, at the rate of half pay proper, com-
mencing on the 1st of January, i860, and to con-
tinue during life.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
LAURA C. IIUMLER.
The bill (S. No, 227) for the relief of Laura C.
Humber, widow of Charles H. Humber, was read
a second time, and considered as in Committee of
the Whole, ft authorizes the Secretary of the In-
terior to place the name of Lauia C. Humber,
widow of Charles Humber, late captain in the
seventh regiment of the United States infantry,
upon the pension roll, and to pay her at the rate
of twenty dollars per month, to continue for life
or widowhood.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
ELIZABETH MONTGOMERY.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 95) for the
relief of Elizabeth Montgomery, heir of Hugh
Montgomery. It directs the Secretary of the
Treasury to pay to Elizabeth Montgomery, j
daughter and sole heir of Captain Husrh Mont- j
goinery, of the ship Nancy, of Wilmington, 1:1
the State of Delaware, the sum of $5,000, as a full .
compensation for his successful clforts in saving :
the powder and munitions of war belonging to
the United States on board that ship, and for his
intei'cst in the value of the ship, which he blew
up to prevent her and her cargo from falling into
the hands of the enemy duiing the war of the
Revolution.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIM OF GEORGIA.
The next bill on the Calendar was the bill (S.
No. 231) to refund to the State of Georgia cer-
tain moneys paid by said State to Peter Trez-
vant, the legal representative of Robert Farquhar.
# Mr. CRITTENDEN. I know nothing of the
circumstances of tins case; but involving the same
principle is a case arising upon a claim made by
the State of South Carolina,upon a petition to the
present Congress, and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims, about which that com-
mittee have had very great difficulties, consider-
ing that it involves a general question of great
importance, and which may reopen all the settle-
ments made with the States by the United States
under the act of 1790. I merely mention this cir-
cumstance. The Senate may consider the bill, if
they please to do so.
Mr. COLLAMER. I prefer that the bill should
* The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the bill will be passed over under the
order of the day.
FREDERICK Xj. C0LCLASER.
The bill (S. No. 232) for the relief of Frederick
L. Colclaser was read a second time, and con-
sidered as m Commit tee of the Whole. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Ftederick L. ColcLiser, late a prnateof the band
of the iilth mfiuitiy, on the roll of invalid pen-
sioners, and to pay him at the Kite of four dollars
per month, from and after the 27th of October,
me.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the thu-d
time, and passed.
WILLIS A. GORMAN.
The bill (S. No. 235) for the relief of Wlllis A.
Gorman was read a second lime, and considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The bill directs
that there be paid to Willis A. Gorman, late
Governor of the Territory of Momesota, the sum
of £,820, as his compensation and necessary ex-
penses in the investigation of certain charges of
fraud and misconducta«rainst Alexander Ramsay,
as Governor of Minnesota, under resolution of
the Senate and appointment of the President.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 call for the reading of the
report in th<*t ease.
The Seeretaiy read the report made by Mr.
Sebastian on the 1st of March last, from which
it appeared that, on the 5th of Apul, 1853, the
Senate passed n resolution requesting the Pres-
ident to cause to be investigated certain charges
of fraud and official misconduct preferred against
A lexander Ramsay, the late Governor of Minne-
sota Territory, and, by virtue of his office, su-
perintendent of Indian affairs. This duty had
been pieviouslydevolved upon the committee of
the Senate, who partially discharged the 'duty,
but, upon the passage* of the resolution of the Sen-
ate, turned over the records of their proceedings
to the President, to continue and complete the
duty. The President, thus invested with the
duty, commissioned R. M. Young, of Washing-
ton city, a commissioner, under instructions to
proceed to Minnesota, and there to cooperate
with Governor Willis A. Gorman, who war then
Governor and ex officio superintendent of Indian
affairs, in the investigation of these charges, and
fixed his compensation at eight dollars per diem
and his necessary expenses. They jointly sat
as a commission, and made their report to the
President, who communicated the same to the
Senate. R. M. Young was paid, pailly by the
Secretary of the Inteuor, and the balance of his
account by the Senate, from its contingent fund.
The account of Willis A. Gorman, the other com-
missioner, was presented to the Interior Depart-
ment for payment, and afterwards lost or mislaid
there, while the Secretary of the Interior recom-
mended the payment of these claims by the Sen-
ate, and reimbursement of the part payment to
Judge Young to the contingent fund of the De-
partment.
These facts warrant the following conclusions,
upon which, the committee recognize this claim:
First,that the Prcsidentwas intrusted with and un-
dertook a duty primarily and appropriately be-
longing to the Senate. Second, that he delegated
this duty to R. M. Young and Willis A . Goiman,
as commissioners, who performed itaccoiding to
their instructions, and leported their proceedings
to the President, which wore then transmitted to
the Senate, from whose authority they had ema-
nated. Third, that one of the commissioners has
been paid the balance of his compensation by the
Senate, from its contingent fund, according to the
lates previously fixed by the Picsident, while for
the same services the other commissioner hasnot
been paid. This state of facts laises the question
whether the ser\ices perfonned by Go\ernorGor-
man were such as legitimately b( longed to Ins
office as superintendent of Indian affairs. The
committee think not. The duty of the superin- „
tendent of Indian affairs does not embrace the in-
vestigation of the frauds or malpractices of his
predecessor, except so far as they may be con-
nected with the administration of his ordinary
duties. His authority was derived alone from the
appointment of the President to that duty, who
himself derived it from the Senate. He did it as
special, and not as the official representative of
the President—as commission! r.and not as an ex-
ecutive officer. If this duty was by law executive
in its character, it was not competent for the Pri si-
dent to confide it jointly to another. The com-
mittee was of opinion that these labors were ex-
tra-official, and that the chiimant^should be paid
his compensation and reimbuiscu his actual and
necessary expenses at the same rate as that by
which his colleague in those labors was compen-
sated.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed,
J. W. DYER AND OTHERS.
The bill (S. No. 237) for the relief ofJ.W.
Dyer, A. L. Dyer, and W. W. Dyer, was read
a second time, and considered as m Committee of
the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of tho
Tieasiny to examine the claim of J. W. Dyer,
A. L. Dyer, and W. XV. Dyer, for a letuin of
tonnage duties exacted from them on the ship
Corinthian, and to refund them the amount of
tonnage duties exacted of that ship, on production
by them of satisfactory proof of the desertion of
the crew of the shin at Grimsby, England, and
of the subsequent inability of the master of tho
ship to procure the proper description of seamen
in their stead.
Mr. KING. If there is any report in that case,
I should like to hear it read.
Mr. HAMLIN. I can state to my friend from
Nl-w York the facts of this ejse sooner than the
report can be read. Thio is the case of a vessel
that sailed from my own State. It has been ex-
amined by the Committee on Commerce, and by
them reported unanimously. The law provides
that every vessel engaged in foreign commerce
must have a certain number of American seamen.
She sailed from home with her complement, got
out to England, and the seamen deserted; and the
