m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
ordered on the report of tne Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The amendment was concurred in.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed, and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SHERMAN. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
raain question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. PHELPS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also that the mo-
lion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ART COMMISSIONERS.
Mr. TRAIN. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to submit the following resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be requested
to furnish the House of Representatives the report of the
Art Commissioners, and the accompanying documents,
made to the President of the United States.
There was no objection; and the resolution was
adopted.
MESSAGE IROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Dickins, their Secretary, notifyingthe House'
that that body had passed bills and a resolution
of the following titles, in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House:
- An act (No. 26) to extend the provisions of "An
act to enable the State of Arkansas and other
States to reclaim the swamp lands within their
limits," to Minnesota and Oregon, and for other
purposes;
An act (No. 55) for the relief of Tilman Leak;
An act (No. 215) to amend the provisions of
the fifty-sixth section of "An act to regulate the
collection of duties on imports ajid tonnage;" ap-
proved the 2d day of March, 1799; and
A resolution (No. 4) to allow credit to certain
disbursing officers therein mentioned.
WILLIAM D. MOSELEY.
Mr. WINSLOW. When my State was called,
a few days ago, I was jjl, and for that reason ab-
sent from the House, and I ask that the House
will give me leave to introduce a bill for the relief
of William D. Moseley.
Mr. STANTON. The gentleman from North
Carolina is an old member, and understands our
rules, and 1 hope therefore that he will agree the
House shall at once take up the regular order of
business. There are at least forty members who
have bills to introduce.
Mr. WINSLOW. I would have done the other
day what I ask now to do, if I had not been de-
tained from the House by sickness.
Mr. STANTON. Then I withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. Winsloiv's bill was introduced by unani-
mous consent; and, being read a first ana second
time by its title, it was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the House does
not proceed to the consideration of private busi-
ness, will not the bill reported by me yesterday,
from the Committee on Commerce, for the pro-
tection of female emigrants be first in order?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, I ask the con-
sent of the House 
Mr. BURNETT. I have a bill I desire to in-
troduce, but I shall never get it in by general
consent. I call for the regular order of business.
PIUNTIJN'G OF A BILL.
Mr. TAYLOR. I have the floor. Mr. Speaker,
allow me to remark to the House, that I am in-
structed by the Committee on the Judiciary to ask
that a bill, and the notes connected with it, may
be printed for the use of the committee. It is a
bill to provide for the expatriation of citizens of
the United States, and to restrain the citizens of
the United States from entering fnto the military
or naval service of foreign States, or from taking
part in any hostilities carried on between them,
or within their several limits. I move that the
bill and notes be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
- The SPEAKER stated that the business first
in order was reports from committees of private
bills
PHILADELPHIA CUSTOM-HOUSE CLERKS.
Mr. HUTCHINS, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill for the relief of the legal
representatives of five deceased clerks in the Phil-
adelphia custom-house; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and the bill and report ordered
to be printed.
LOT HALL.
Mr. ELY, from the same committee, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 16) for the relief of the
heirs of Lot Hall; which was referred to a Com-
mittee of the Whole House, and the bill and re-
port ordered to be printed.
THOMAS ATKINSON.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, reported a bill for the relief of
Thomas Atkinson, of Park county, Indiana;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to a Committee of the Whole House, and the
bill and report ordered to be printed.
CONGRESSIONAL TOWNSHIP IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill for the relief of congres-
sional township No. 2, north of range No. 9, west
of the fourth principal meridian, in Adams'county,
State of Illinois; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and the bill and report ordered to be printed.
JOHN DIXON.
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of John Dixon; whicfi
was read a first and second time, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House, and the bill and
report ordered to be printed.
ANTHONY SCIIANDLER.
Mr. LOVEJOY, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Anthony Schand-
ler.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. This bill is for the relief of
a settler who has actually gone upon eighty acres
of land and made improvements thereon, under a
duplicate certificate which he received. But the
Department did not confirm his title. He has been
upon the land eight years. As it is a clear case
of equity, the committee unanimously recommend
that the bill be put upon its passage; and I there-
fore move that it be engrossed,and read a third
time.
The bill was read in extenso.
Mr. STANTON. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope the motion will not
prevail. It is simply a question of confirming
title to eighty acres of an actual settler, who has
made improvements for eight years under a cer-
tificate of the Land Office, which he supposed en-
tirely right, but which proved not to be so. The
Department thinks the bill is all right.
Mr. STANTON. There are forty other cases
of the same sort; and it is not right to put bills
upon their passage when reports are being made.
Mr. LOVEJOY. 1 hope it will be passed.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to say that
the House will readily see that the only fair way
of doing business is to let every case take its own
regular turn.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call the previous question
upon the engrossment and third reading of the
bill.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I want to know what
has become of the motion of the gentleman from
Ohio?
The SPEAKER. It is pending.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. Is it not, then, the
first motion in order?
The SPEAKER. It will be after the call for
the previous question'is decided.
Mr. STANTON. Will not a second to the pre-
vious question cut off the motion to commit?
The SPEAKER. It will not.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main questjon ordered to be put.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I call for the yeas and nays
on the motion to commit.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 79, nays 94; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Allen, Thomas
L. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery, Blake, Bouligny, Brabson,
Branch, Bristow, Burnett, Burnham, Clemens, Clopton,
John Cochrane, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford,
John 6. Davis, Reuben Davis, De Jamette, Edmundson,
English, Fouke, Gartrell, Hamilton, Hardeman, Ilili, Hmd-
man, Hoard, Holman. Houston, Hughes, Hutchins, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Jones, Killinger, Larrabee, James M. Leach,
Leake, Love, Maelay, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, Mc-
Queen, McKae, Montgomery, Sydenham Moore, Niblack,
Noell, Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Pugh, Reagan, Riggs,
James C. Robinson, Ruffin, Sherman, Sickles, Simms,
William Smith, William N. H. Smith, Somes, Staliworth,
Stanton, Stevenson, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Trimble, Un-
derwood, Vance, Van Wyek, Winslow, and Wright—79.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich, Alley,
William C. Anderson, Bingham, Blair, Brayton, ButBnton,
Butterfield, Campbell, Case, John B. Clark, Cobb, Colfax,
Conkling, Corwin, Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Dunn,
Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Flor-
ence, French, G'ooeli, Graham, Grow, Gurley, Hale, Hall,
J. Morrison Hanis, Hatton, Helmick, Hickman, Howard,
Humphrey, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William
Kellogg, Kilgore, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Longneeker,
Loomis, Lovcjoy, Mallory, Marston, Charles D. Martin,
McKean, McKmght, McPuerson, Moorhead, Edward Joy
Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Olin, Perry,
Poiter, Potter, Pottle, Quarles, Reynolds, Christopher Rob-
inson, Royce, Schwartz, Seott, Sedgwick, Spaulding, Spin-
ner, Stevens, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton, Tappan,
Thayer, Tompkins, Train, Vandever, Verree, Waldron,
Walton, Eiiihu B. Washburne, Wells, Wilson, Wiiidom,
and Wood—94.
S.o the motion to commit was not agreed to.
During the call,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, stated that
Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, was confined to
his room by indisposition, and that he had paired
off with Mr. Robinson, of Illinois.
Mr. CURTIS (the hour of one o'clock having
arrived) said: I desire to inquire of the Speaker
whether, if we proceed with this vote, it will in-
terfere with the special order, the election of a
Printer, which was set down for this hour?
The SPEAKER. That business will be taken
up immediately after this vote is taken.
Mr. LANDRUM stated that he was paired off
with Mr. Carter for the day.
Mr. WALTON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Morrill, had been called away by sickness in
his family, and that he had paired off with Mr.
Boteler.
Mr. THEAKER stated that he was paired off
with Mr. McClkrnand for the day.
Mr. LOGAN stated that, had he been within
the bar when his name was called, he should have
voted in the affirmative.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. BRANCH. I call for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. The question is on ordering
this bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask the Chair whether
the morning hour has expired?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. CURTIS. The regular order of business
is the special order to proceed to the election of
Printer.
The SPEAKER. The main question having
been ordered, on the third reading and engross-
ment of the bill, it must now be executed.
Mr. STANTON. I insist on the execution of
the special order.
The SPEAKER. Tha Chair thinks that the
first question—the previous question having been
ordered—is on ordering this bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. BRANCH. Was the main question or-
dered on the third reading and engrossment of
the bill?
The SPEAKER. It was.
Mr. BRANCH. My impression was that the
previous question was on the motion to refer.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move the
previous question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STANTON. I insist on the special order.
There is no previous question pending now.
. The SPEAKER. The business now in order
is the election of Printer.
CALL OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. PHELPS. I move that there be a call of
the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, (interrupt-
ing.) Has there been a response made?
The SPEAKER, There hae been.
