2862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
have had thesubject under consideration; we have
passed the bill; sent it to the House; and it is
there under their consideration; they can act upon
it. Wc commenced yesterday morning, and sat,
I believe, eight hours and upwards on this bill;
and it does seem to me that it is now becoming
utterly impossible m this body to get along with
the appropriation bills at all. The other House,
under their rules, can get through with the bills,
and can dispose of them; but in order to get alone:,
we must be compelled to cut off these things.
This body will be compelled to adopt the pre-
vious question or something else, or the Senate
will becomo a body totally incapable of doing the
public business. If these rules are not strictly
. adhered to by the Senate, it will be utterly impos-
sible to carry out the public businessat all. Tnere
is no reason—tfyis question having been consid-
ered by our committee, and gone to the other
House in a bill—that we should be crowding it
upon this miscellaneous appropriation bill. Wc
started with $4,500,000; and I think, up to this
point, we have got it to §6,000,000. Everybody
brings his bill here in the appropriation bill, to
be ground out, under some pretext or other.
We know the facility with which these pocket
estimates are obtained from the Departments, and
these pocket reports from commitees; for this is
one of them, and admitted to be one of them. It
isnotaquestion on which the judgmentof the com-
mittee was had m its own session, as to whether
it should be put upon this bill; but it is what I
properly called it, a pocket recommendation to
put it on the bill. 1 think the Senate ought to put
its hand on it and enable us to dispose of the ap-
propriation bills, which are necessary to carry on
the Government of this country. If these things
are in order, and we cannot stop them in the Sen-
ate by next Monday, we might as well stay here
until the first Monday of December, and begin
afresh. You are paid until next March. But
as for putting them on this bill on any idea that
theycannototherwise getthrough,ispassing good
and bad measures in such a way that there can
be no legitimate nor just judgment of the Senate,
nor of the House, nor of the President, in regard
to them. In case there are differences of opinion
between the two Houses, and great disputes, we
arc obliged to put them on to some extent, I ad-
mit; but the rule ought to be curtailed,and brought
within its narrowest limits. I do urge upon the
Senate not to overrule the point of order, espe-
cially as this claim has had jts day in court and
the fair consideration of the body, and give it an-
other direction. Because it may have met with
breakers in the other House, is no reason why
wc should be continued day after day in order to
get it through on the general appropriation bill.
Mr. SIMMONS, f do nor wisn to continue
this debate, and would not have risen, but to cor-
rect a mistake which the Senator from Georgia
has made. He says that the claim covered by
the last portion of the amendment, which I was
undertaking to show was upon diplomaucarrange-
mentsas much as the other, was not in the treaty
of Washington, and that under the amendment
all the money appropriated by it might be devoted
to the payment of that class. The Senator is mis-
taken. The other portion is for timber they
cut off, and this is to pay for the timber on the
land.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will state to the Senator that
I did not answer him. I argued the question as
stated by my friend from Maine. I said nothing
about his argument.
Mr. SIMMONS. I supposed you did. 1 drew
up this amendment, and do not admit that any
part of it is not within the rules.
Mr. TOOMBS. Nor did I say you did.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator says this is a
pocket amendment. I understand the use of epi-
thets when men are out of arguments. They are
generally used to supply the want of them. This
amendment precisely was offered last year from
the Committee on Claims, on the appropriation
bill to carry out the same treaty, and this year it
was presented m committee, and so farasitcamc
into my pocket, I wasiec^uested to take the amend-
ment and compare it with the bill, and see if the
figures were right. I did so, and carried it to the
chairman to offer it; but he had fared pretty hard
in regard to another amendment paying interest-
to the States, and he suggested that I had better
offer it. That is the way it came into my pocket.
But, as I said before, it is perfectly clear that
$30,000 out of this amount of $57,000 i§ for land
strictly within the treaty of Washington, and that
the other portion is to carry out an arrangement
made in 1832, by which this sum of $23,000 was
lost; so that both are within the treaty stipula-
tions and diplomatic arrangements, and strictly
under the rule of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the Senate? on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Bigler, Bragg, Brown, Clingman, Crit-
tenden, Davis, Fitzpatnck, Green, Hammond, Hunter,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnsou of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Polk, Powell,
Kice, Saulsbury, Slide!!, Thomson, Toombs, and Wigfall—
28.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham,* Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Doolittle, Durkee,Fessenden, Grimes, Hamlin, liar-
Ian, lverson, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—-19.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained; and
the amendment ruled out of order.
PROPOSED DAILY RECESS.
Mr. SLTDELL. With the assent of the Sen-
ator from Georgia, I wish to postpone the consid-
eration of this bill for a moment or two, to propose
that, during the remainder of the session, the Sen-
ate take a recess from half past four to half past
six each day. I am perfectly satisfied that this
will not only be more agreeable to Senators, but
will facilitate the dispatch of the public business.
Mr. COLLAMER. Say from four to half past
six o'clock. We shall then have a reasonable
time to get back from our dinners.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think two hours will be
enough.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the proposition.
Mr. DAVIS. I must object; because I never
knew a recess productive of any good.
Mr. SLIDELL. I make the motion now; and
give notice that I shall call it up to-morrow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
will be entered, which will make its consideration
in order to-morrow.
Mr. SLIDELL. f give notice that, to-day at
four o'clock, I shall move to take a recess for this
day until six o'clock. That will be in order.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
House further insists upon its amendment to the
bill (S. No. 416) to secure homesteads to actual
settlers on the public domain and for other pur-
poses, disagreed to by the Senate, asks a further
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon, and has appointed Mr. Schuy-
ler Colfax of Indiana, Mr. Jabez L. M. Curry
of Alabama, and Mr. Cyrus Aldrich of Minne-
sota, managers at the same on the part of the
House.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 416) to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlers on the publicdomain and for other purposes;
and,
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,
it was
Resolved, That the Senate further insist on its disagree-
ment to the amendment of the House of Representatives
to the said bill; and agree to the furtfoei eonfuienee a&ked
by the House on the disagreeing votfs ot the two Houses
thereon.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,
the President pro tempore was authorized to ap-
point the committee of conference on the part of
the Senate; and Mr. Johnson of Tennessee, Mr.
Doolittle, and Mr, Brown, were appointed.
POST OFFICE DEFICIENCY DILL.
Mr. HUNTER, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the bill of the House of
Representatives (No. 503) making further appro-
priations for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the 3Qth of
June, I8G0, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
503) making further appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1860, having met, after full and free confer-
ence, have been unable to agree.
* R. M. T. HUNTER,
H. M. RICE.
J. COLLAMER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
GALUSHA A. GROW,
JOHN II. REAGAN.
E. 1). WASHBUIINE,
Managers on the part of the House of Representatives.
A message from the Ho'use of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House recedes from its disagreement to the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill. (H. R. No. 503)
making further appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department for the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1860, and agree to the
same with an amendment, in which the concur-
rence of the Senate was requested.
On motion ofMr.HLTNTER, the House amend-
ment was ordered to be printed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
501) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1861.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on Territories
instruct me to offer the following amendment:
For the survey of the eastern boundary of California, in
pursuance of a law passed during the present session of
Congiess for that puipose, $55,000.
It is estimated by the Secretary of the Interior,
and I have his letter before mc. I do not suppose,
however, it is nccessary to read it. We have al-
ready passed a law at this session ordering the
survey of the boundary line between the State of
California and the Territory of Utah, and this is
merely an appropriation to provide for carrying
that survey into effect.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to know why it
is nccessary to appropriate so large a sum.
Mr. GREEN. I will answer the Senator. The
whole question was submitted to competent of-
ficers, and they examined the subject. The dis-
tance is six hundred and ten miles. It is across
spurs of mountains, where astronomical observa-
tions have to be made, perhaps, every half mile,
or you cannot run the line. The Secretary of the
Interior sent this estimate here.
Mr. TOOMBS. Perhaps the Secretary's letter
had better be read, to save answering questions.
The Secretary read the letter, as follows:
Department of the Interior,
June 11, 1860.
Sir. I have the honor to submit here with, for the inform-
ation of jour committee, a letter of the Commissioner of
the Geneial Land Office, June 9, with  nclosures, relative
to the survey of the eastern boundaiy of California. It will
be peiceivud tiiat the Commissioner estimates the entire
cost ot this survey at $55,000.
I am, sir, lcspectfully, your obedient servant,
J. THOMPSON, Secretary.
Hon. Chairman of Committee on Territories, United States
Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I am also instructed by the
same committee to offer the following amendment:
For the survey of the forty-sixth parallel of north lati-
tude, $o far as it constitutes a common boundary between
the State of Oregon and Tenitory ot Washington, .$45,000.
That is estimated foralso. The Columbia river
is the boundary between Oregon and Washington,
except when it gets up to a certain point, where
there is an elbow. The line then runs upon the
forty-sixth parallel through a fine valley, which
is being settled up very rapidly. It is only ninety
miles across, and the surveyor general says it
will cost fifty dollars a mile. Forty-five thousand
dollars will be the expense; and there will be no
conflict of jurisdiction between Oregon and Wash-
ington, if it passes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GREEN. I propose the following amend-
ment also:
For the purpose of paying existing liabilities, and to fin-
ish the maps and calculations of the i-urvey of the Atrato
route of the intcroceanic canal, $6,500.
• Mr. TOOMBS. J object to that.
Mr. GREEN. I appeal to the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, if this is not cor-
rect? Congress heretofore appropriated $$5,000.
That amount has been expended; but, in finish-
ing the work, it took $6,500 more than is appro-
priated, and this is a simple proposition to pay
that. The work is all done. The reports are
