1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
called for by Congress. Two commissioners
were appointed, Lieutenant Craven of the Navy,
and Lieutenant Michler of the Army. They made
their reports, which have been called for and or-
dered to be printed. There is this deficiency in
finishing up the work. Twenty-five thousand
dollars have been expended in the expedition and
making the survey, together with making out a
part of the report. Now, this is simply to close
it out. The colonel of engineers, Colonel Abort,
made his report to the Secretary of War, and I
am inclined to think the Secretary recommends
its payment also; but I am not positive about
that. I do know, however, that Colonel Abert
does.
Mr. TOOMBS. A recommendation from a
subaltern in the engineer department is not such
an estimate as to bring the case "within the rule.
The uncertainty of the gentleman is the whole
point in dispute. It is important to show the es-
timate. I have no doubt you might get estimates
from the topographical engineersforanyLhing you
want. I make the point of order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. An estimate
by the head of a bureau does not come within the
rule. The language of the rule is, " the head of
some of the Departments."
Mr. DAVIS. The estimate of the bureau is
recommended by the Secretary of War. I find
in Lieutenant Michler's report a statement of the
amount, as stated in the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, $6,500. He says£ " this sum,
$6,500, will enable me to pay all deficiencies for
salaries, besides furnishing the means to complete
the maps." Here is an extract from Colonel
Abert's report, to which the Senator from Mis-
souri has called my attention:
u I would respectfully invite your attention to the report
of Lieutenant Michler, who, under assignment of the War
Department, was engaged upon the suivey of an mter-
oceamc ship canal near the Isthmus of parien, via the At-
rato and Truando rivers. Since Jus return from the scene
of his field operations;, considerable pi ogress has been made
in the reduction of observations, and piepaiing the maps,
until the want of means compelled him to suspend progress
and discharge the computers anddraughtsmcn.
ii The valuable information procured by LieutenantMich-
ler should not be left in its unfinished condition in the
archives of the bureau ; hut such will be the case unices
Congiess will grant the aid ot a small appropriation, for
which Lieutenant Miehlei presents an estimate of $6,500,
which includes the amount already due his assistants and
that required to complete the report and maps, which may
be laid before Congiess at an eaily day.
" The estimate is approved by the bureau, and your rec-
ommendation to Congress for the passage of the appropri-
ation is respectfully urged."
My recollection is, that the Secretary recom-
mends it- but I cannot layjny hand on his recom-
mendation now.
Mr. GREEN. If there be any question about
it, I shall not consume time at present; but I
notify the Senate that I shall get the recommend-
ation of the Secretary of War; for I know it is
right and proper, and I will renew the amendment
at another period .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment, then, is withdrawn for the present.
Mr. GREEN. I nsk leave to offer now an
amendment which makes no appropriation, but it
is general legislation. I know it is, ordinarily,
very bad policy to propose general legislation in
the appropriation bills. There is, however, an
urgency and necessity in this case, which I hope
will induce the Senate to permit me to offer it, and
have the vote upon it. The amendment is:
And be it farther enacted, That, until otherwise ordered
by Congie?>, the rules and regulations in relation to the
location and right to work mining claims in Utah Territory,
adopted by the" miners in the several localities of the said
Temtoiy, shall have the force of law: Provided, That
nothing in this section shall be construed so as to impair
vested rights.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is a most extraordinary
provision. It is not only a general provision
making laws, but we are called upon to pass a
whole body of laws without knowing one single
particle of what they are. Whatever these people
may adopt we are to sanction, without knowing
what it is. Congress has no right to say that
whatever regulations a parcel of people who have
squatted over there on these mining regions
choose to make shall be the laws of that land or
any other. It is a delegation of authority which
we ought not to confer. So large a question as
this at least deserves the consideration of the
Judiciary Committee of this body. I do not think
it is in order on this bill.
Mr. GREEN. It does not propose any appro-
priation at all. As I before remarked, the policy
of legislation in appropriation bills is generally
bad, but there is an urgency for this, which I wHl
proceed to explain.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I make the point of
order, and let that be dccided first. I make the
point that it is not in order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is no
appropriation contained in tl)e amendment, as the
Chair understands it; and therefore it is not ex-
cluded by the rule.
Mr. GREEN. There is a reason why this is
necessary. It is not to authorize them to go on
with any future legislation or future rules which
would have the force and effect of law; the Sen-
ator from Georgia is mistaken in that; but the
design is to legalize existing rules. They are
mining laws,'mining understandings, by which
they cut off from ten to forty feet, dependent on
their richness, and are working them. So far as
the question of the title of the United States is
concerned, I have not a word to say; but I ven-
ture the assertion that in California and Pike's
Peak, and every other mineral region, even at
Dubuque, in the lead region, you never were able
to drive miners off the public lands; and when
you passed your lead laws, assessing a certain tax
on those who raised the mineral, you never got
enough to pay expenses of the superintendent.
You cannot drive them off. They are there; they
had better be regulated by some rule and some
system, than to be put at loggerheads to cut each
others' throats. The question is, whether the
equitable rules which have been adopted in Cali-
fornia, and readopted in Carson Valley at the
Washoe mines, and others strctching up along the
base of Sierra Nevada, had not better have a legal
form than leave them there to fight it out with
bowie-knives and pistols. That is all. If it be
the determination of the Senate to take no action,
and leave the strong to prevail over the weak, the
powerful man to take away the mine of the weak
there, do so. I propose to put it upon an equita-
able basis, and that the little weak man may be
protected in his rights as much as the strong and
powerful man and the bully. If, however, the
Senate thinks it wrong, I shall not urge it for the
consumption of time.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. POLK. I am instructed by the Committee
on Private Land Claims to offer the following
amendment:
For extra compensation to Peter Delia Torre, for de-
fending in behalf of the United States certain land claims
in California, $25,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. I raise a point of order on that.
It is a private claim. It is to carry out no exist-
ing law or treaty stipulation, I suppose, or it would
not be here.
Mr. POLK. I will state to the Senate what the
legislation on the subject is, and then the Chair
can decide the question of order. In June, 1858,
there was an appropriation in one of the appro-
priation bills for legal assistance to the district
attorney in California and other extraordinary
expenses, $12,000, and for expenses of special
counsel, $40,000;and afterwards,in March, 1859,
there was an appropriation of nearly the same
amount for the same purpose. The question is,
whether that is such legislation as is necessary
to be carried out by this appropriation ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. ThcChairhas
no doubt that this, in the language of the rule, is
a private claim, and therefore excluded.
Mr. GREEN. I have a little amendment to
offer from the Committee on Territories:
For completing a capitol m Washington Territory,$45,000.
For completing a penitentiary in Washington Territory,
$•15,000 : Provided, That no part of the several sums here-
by appropnated, nor any of tho unexpended sums heretofore
appropriated, loi the erection of public buildings in said
Tcmtoiv, shall be expended until some person or persons
will contract to complete the said several buildings for the
sum* hereby appropriated, together with the unexpended
sums heretofore appropnatedTand shall file with the Gov-
ernor of said Territory a bond with good security to that
eiTect, and approved by said Governor.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask whether or not these
buildings arc authorized by law ?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TOOMBS. Is there a contract for their
completion r
Mr. GREEN. There is a contract for the cap-
itol building, and $30,000 has been expended. It
is now in an incomplete state.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know whether
this further sum is in pursuance of the contract..
If this $45,000 is in pursuance of a contract en-
tered into under an existing law, it is within Uie
rule ; but if not, it is without the rule. As to the
penitentiary, I should like to know what law there
is for it. I raise the point of order until these.
facts be shown. " ,
Mr. GREEN. I ask to have the rule read.
The Secretary read the 30th rule, as follow#: i
"30. No amendment proposmgadditional appropriations" \
shall be received to any general appropriation bill, unless id
it be made to carry out the provisions of some existing law, Jp
or some act or resolution previously passed by the Senate
during that session, or moved by direction of a standing or
select committee of the Senate, or in pursuance of an esti-
mate from the head of some of the Departments; and no
amendment shall be received whose object is to provide
for a private claim, unless It be to carry out the provisions
of an existing law, or a treaty stipulation."
Mr. GREEN. On two points this is clearly in
order. First, partial appropriations have been
made and the money has been expended and the
buildings partly finished. The land has been
purchased, the title examined, and all preliminary
steps taken to see that the TJnited States was not
to be cheated. This, therefore, is in furtherance
of law. But I do not choose to rest upon that; it
is recommended by a standing committee of the
Senate.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask if the question of add-
ing it to this bill has been before the committee'?.
Mr. GREEN. The proposition has been be-
fore the committee, and recommended.
Mr. TOOMBS. As an amendment to this
bill ?
Mr. GREEN. No; not in x-eference to this
particular bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I thought so; for I saw that
the gentleman picked up a bill here and offered
it as an amendment.
Mr. GREEN. It was unanimously taken up
by the committee and recommended, and agreed
to be voted upon an appropriation bill; and this
is the appropriate bill.
Mr. TOOMBS. I want to know whether the
committee directed it to be offered to this bill.
Mr. GREEN. The particular bill was not
specified; but this is the bill to which it properly
belongs.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the committees will incum-
ber the business of the Senate in this way, they
can do so, no doubt; and therefore I do not make
a point of order. If the committees have no
more consideration for the public business than'
to be thrusting these measures upon the appro-
priation bills in the last days of the session, I
suppose we must submit.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Missouri to
state that these amounts were estimated for by
the head of any of the Departments>
• Mr. GREEN. No; I say the amendment is
recommended by a standing committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Commit-
tee on Territories?
Mr. GREEN. Yes, sir; and I am told also,
but that I have not before me, that the Depart-
ment have estimated a still higher sum—$75,000
for the capitol building, and some $40,000 for the
penitentiary—but, on examination in the com-
mittee, we thought we could get along with this
sum and finish it, because a Territory does not
want the fine, large buildings of a State.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment having been recommended by one of the
standing committees of the body, the Chair is of
opinion that it is in order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it to carry out some
existing law?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is un-
necessary, as the Chair understands the rule.
The standing committees of the body may take
the responsibility of recommending an appropri-
ation. That has been the uniform practice since
the adoption of the rule.
Mr. POLK. I should like to understand ex-
actly what the amendment is.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is §45,000 to complete a
capitol for Washington Territory, and $15,000
for a penitentiary. It has been argued for some
time.
Mr. GRIMES. How much has already been
appropriated for this purpose ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Thirty the
Thirty thousand dollars for
