2864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12.
the capitol, and nothing for the penitentiary, as I
understand.
The amendment was rfjected. •
Mr. LANE. I am directed by the Committee
on Public Lands to offer an amendment in line two
hundred and forty-four after the word "work,"
to strike out "twenty"and insert "fifty;" so
that the clause will read:
For surveying the public lands and private land claims
in California, to be disbursed at the lates prescribed bylaw
for the different kinds of work, $50,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. I should like to know the
meaning of that.
Mr. LANE. Itcomes from the Committee on
Public Lands, based upon a recommendation of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office, ap-
proved by the Secretary of the Interior. It is ne-
cessary fo'r surveying the public lands in the State
of California, and is, in my judgment, as small an
amount as the Department can properly get along
with. Tlio committee was not full this morning;
but every member who was present, was in favor
of adopting the estimate of the Department for
the survey of the public lands in California. I
believe the amendment is right, and I trust it will
prevail.
Mr. LATHAM. When the original estimate
of $30,000 was made for the survey of the public
lands in California, there were a large number of
private land cases pending before the Supreme
Court of the United States. Just prior to the last
adjournment of the Supreme Court these cases
were decided,and hence the absolute necessity of
increasing the appropriation for the survey of the
public lands and lands covered by these giants.
Twenty thousand dollars is not sufficient for the
purpose of continuing the surveys contemplated
by the Secretary of the Interior, and certainly not
for the large amount of lands thrown into the area
of the public domain there by the rejection of so
many of the land claims. If the Senator from
Oregon will send up the letter of the Commissioner
of the Land Office, it can bo read, so that the Sen-
ate may be in full possession of the facts.
Mr. LANE. I will do so.
The Seeietary read the fallowing letter:
gr.Nrii\t, l.avu oi hce, June {), 1800.
Sir : I have the honoi to return heiewith the communi-
cation ot' lite 4th inbuilt, fiom Senium U. W, Johnson,
chairman Uomiuittee i'ublie l,;uuK United States Somite,
with the iKvmupunyim? ie oluttoii< of (he I^'m^latuiti oi'
California, compl.unmg of tho " meager applanation-, of
tin; preK'iit year, and aii .mtieipated diminution of the same
ibi the comma yein/'aml repir-cntmpr that the >VitizcnV
ot thai .State " aie, and u ill he, sullenm: undei in
justice and wrong fiom the United States.\Viih p'-nt
deference to the views e.\pies-;<'d, n i-> ic^peetluliy 4'.;'-
ges-tod that tin' past nppioptlatioiis (or -nive^ appeal to
have been given in no illihnal spiut, and, he-'ides, the priv-
ileges of the pieeinption laws aie opened bioadon-t ovei the
Huivoyul public laud-, ot that Mtate. and a hill h.i-, heen lee-
onmu'iuied to reach the utiMnvejed lands. Vet the nn-
portaiico, suggested in the resolution*, of separating tlio p:i-
vate elain !  iiotn the public lancis is hvno means ovei rated,
and is felt and uppieoiuted as> a public necessity and net o4
justice to all concerned.
Oui existing estimates look to the funds of the present
yeai to hi* devoted mainly to this purpose. Since those
<vstim:ites, hmvevei, weie made, what ate known as the
u Suttei titles,''covering a latge extent of countiv, hsue
heen judieiali) rejected, and the lamh have pa-^ed into the
ukish ot the public domain.
Upon the-e titles, mwioubtedlv, c.\ten>ive impiovemeuts
and impoitant individual luteins e\i>t, and we ha\ e ice-
ommended n hill to give the oiiguial holder, and tlicu
vendees, preemptions not exceeding a section to each, ac-
cording to legal subdivisions, and to embrace actual -ot-
tlementrf and improvements. Although thete i> no obliga-
tion upon the conscience of this- Government uiulei ticaty
to recognize thet-e Sutter titles, yet it is the policy of our
institutions to deal with them as actual .settlers ma lib-
eral spirit; and to wind up this busmen, and see ltthrnusii
with a hcneficent puiposo. it U suggested that an increase,
say ot #00,000. he appiopriated to meet this case, making
in all, with the amount alieady estimated fox the State,
£.30,000. and this I xccommend.
Wish great respect, voui obedient servant,
JOSEPH S. WILSON, Commissioner.
Hon. Jacob Thompson, Secretary of the Interior,
Mr, TOOMBS. So far as that recommendation
goes, it seems to be rather a lecture to Congress
as to the proper policy to be pursued in reference
to settlers on the public domain—a subject which
we have hud a great deal under our consideration,
and which, I think, might as well have been left
out of the letter. The original estimate for these
surveys in California was #30,000. The House
of Representatives cut it down to $20,000, and
for very good reasons, 1 think, A few years ago
the expense of surveys there ran tsome hundreds :
of thousands of dollars over the appropriations, I
and we have been two years paying off money I
expended there without the slightest authority of
law. I think for two years we have been appro-
priating for that purpose, and now we are called
upon to carry this appropriation to §50,000. We
have never sold a single acre of land in California,
from the time wc owned the country, from the
treaty of Hidalgo Guadalupe, to this hour. For
twelve years we have been spending hundreds of
thousands of dollars to survey and open land
there, and we have never yet put the first acre in
market or received the first dime for it, I think
it is time to quit surveying until we receive some-
thing to pay our expenses there. So far from in-
creasing the appropriation, the committee thought
the House acted judiciously in cutting it down
from §30,000 to $20,000; and for that reason we
allowed the House appropriation to stand as it
was.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator is mistaken. There
is a great deal of land offered at public sale there,
and large amounts of it sold and the money paid
into the Treasury.
Mr. TOOMBS. When ? 1 never heard of it.
Mr. GWIN. The Senator has not examined
the reports.
Mr. TOOMBS. Never one dollar has come
into the Treasury from these lands, that I know
of. They may have put up some there recently.
Mr. GWIN. They have paid thousands and
tens of thousands of dollars into the Treasury.
A good deal of it was paid in land warrants, and
some in money, which is in the Treasury. Lands
have been surveyed heretofore in that portion of
the State that has not been settled, owing to dis-
putes about private land claims. Most of them
have now been disposed of by the decisions of
the courts.
Mr. LATHAM. If my colleague will allow
me, i wish to state that there is a large amount
of public lands there which the Department of the
Interior will not order into market.
Mr. GWIN. This appropriation of §50,000 is
to survey lands where these claims have been
heretofore in litigation, and have now been finally
decided—the most populous portion of the State,
and the most valuable lands m the State—in order
to bring them into immediate market, and present
those collisions that may result from settlements
on the lands before they are laid off in subdivis-
ions. These hinds have been finally declared to
be public lands by the decisions ol the Supreme
Court of the United States. They aie the most
valuable lands in the State; large portions of them
aie now in cultivation, and it is mces.saiy to in-
< reaso this appropriation in order to survey those
lands, and not confine the surveys entirely to un-
inhabited lands, but extend to those in the midst
of a dense population, in order that they may per-
fect their titles under the preemption law.
The amendment was rejected—ayes ten, noes
not counted.
Mr. LANE. I have two other amendments
from the Committee on Public Lands. The first
is in hue two hundred and fifty-six, to strikeout
" fifteen," and insert " twenty-five;" so as to in-
crease the appropriation for surveying the public
lands in Oregon from $15,000 to $25,000.
Mr. HARLAN. These amendments ought
clearly to pass, unless you suspend the surveys
entirely. Fifteen thousand dollars will not survey
in Oregon more than ten townships of land. A
part of this £15,000 must necessarily be consumed
m paying the surveyor general and the incidental
expenses of his office. If it is the intention of
the Senate to suspend the surveys entirely, and
abolish the office, then let the appropriation of
$15,000 stand: but if it is the purpose of Congress
to prosecute those surveys, the amount ought to
be increased to $25,000 So I might state in re-
lation to the proposed amendment in reference
to California. We ought either to abolish the
offices, and suspend the surveys entirely, or to
appropriate enough money to do some effective
work.
Mr. TOOMBS. The estimate of the Depart-
ment having charge of this business was for
$35,000, including an appropriation for a defi-
ciency on account of "surveying liabilities in-
curred by the late surveyor general during the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1859." That
was put in the deficiency bill, and has heen ap-
propriated. The whole estimate of the Depart-
ment in that particular, §20,000, has already been
passed in the deficiency bill; and, therefore, it
was stricken out of this bill by the House of Rep-
resentatives, in which action we concurred. This
amount, and the amount that we appropriated in
the former bill, make up the entire estimate of the
Department for Oregon.
Mr. LANE. The amount of money provided,
in the bill is too small for any purpose whatever;
and, as the honorable Senator from Iowa has said,
it will be just as well to strike it out as to leave it
in, and abolish the'office of surveyor general en-
tirely, so far as my State is concerned. It cannot
be urged here that the surveying of the public
lands in Oregon has cost the Government much.
It has cost very little indeed. We have had no
large appropriations. A very small portion of
our larius has been surveyed. Now, thousands
of families live on lands not surveyed—lands that
they cannot purchase, but are ready to purchase.
The chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
said,on a former occasion, that, though lauds were
given to people of Oregon by a former law, though
they had a right to them under a donation law, by
occupation and cultivation, yet they paid for sev-
enty per cent, of those lands,according to his state-
ment; and he produced the reports from the Land
Office verifying it. For seventy per cent, of the
lands they paid the cash rather than comply with
the requirement of the donation law. Survey these
lands, and they will be ready to pay for them too.
It must be manifest to everybody that $15,000
will survey no lands. All the lands east of the
Cascade mountains now are open to settlement,
and families are settling all over the country; and
for two hundred miles up and down the Colum-
bia river not an acre of the land is surveyed. Is it
not the policy of the Government to survey the
land, and allow the people an opportunity of pay-
ing for it in cash ? Wc ask only that. The do-
nation law has expired; and if they can be per-
muted to do so, the people will pay for the land
at Government prices as soon as it can be sur-
veyed and taken up by settleis. I hope the set-
tlement of the country will not be retarded for
the want of $30,000 to prosecute the surveys. It
seems to me to be bad policy; not to be true econ-
omy; and I am sure it is not good treatment for
us.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will merely restate, that the
Congiessof the United States,by this bill and the
deficiency bill, appropriate every dollar asked for
by the Department for this service—^20,000 in
the deficiencybill, and $15,000 in this bill. There
was §20,000 appropriated last year for surveys in
Oregon. Now, upon what data arc we to go?
Arc we to increase the appropriation because the
representative of that State says he wants lands
for settlement faster than the proper Department
of the Government says is necessary? I do not
consider that a basis of action by this body. If
there were any special reasons to show why the
estimate was wrong, or why a different policy
ought to be pursued, there might be some sense
in it; but when we have given every dollar that is
asked for, and no particular reason is shown why
the Department is wrong, and only a general dec-
! laration that they want the lands open for settle-
ment faster than the Department says,it is ade-
parture from all sound rules to appropriate more.
Mr. HARLAN. This is a very simple ques-
tion, and can be readily understood. We know
the price paid for surveying land in Oregon. The
price is from twelve to fifteen dollars a mile. There
are seventy-two miles in a full township. Hence
it will require about a thousand dollars to survey
a township. The proposition in the bill, as I un-
derstand, is to appropriate $15,000 for tiie next
year. When you pay the surveyor general, and
the contingent expenses of his office, you will
have, perhaps, about ten thousand dollars left,
which will enable the surveyor general to survey
ten townships. If that is all that Congress intends
to survey in a year, be it so.
Mr. TOOMBS. Every one of those expenses
is specially appropriated for, and does not come
out of this appropriation at- all. If the Senator
had looked into the question, he would have seen
that.
Mr. HARLAN. The appropriation to which
the Senator refers was to meet the expenditures
of last year.
Mr. TOOMBS. There are separate appropri-
ations for the expenses of the surveyor o-eneraFs
office.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the Senator to
