2866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 12,
Secretary of War. On the same subject, the Sec-
X'etary of War says:
441 would respectfully invite your attention to the report
of Lieutenant Miehler, who, under assignment of the War
Department, was engaged upon the survey of an inter-
oceanic siiip canal near the Isthmus of Danen, via the
Atrato and 'Truando rivers. Since his return from the scene
of his field operations, considerable progress has been made
in the reduction of obervations and preparing the maps,
until the want of means compelled him to suspend progress,
and discharge the computers and draughtsmen. The val-
uable information procured by Lieutenant Mtchler should
not be left in its unfinished condition in the archives of the
bureau, to prevent which a small appropriation will be re-
quired."
Is not that recommendation enough ? I hold
that it is a recommendation. Here is an estimate
made by Lieutenant Michler, indorsed by the
colonel of topographical engineers, and approved
by the Secretary of War, who says it will be re-
quired. I submit to the Chair whether that is
not a recommendation which will bring the case
within the rule.
Mr. TOOMBS. It was not objected to on the
ground that it was out of order.
Mr. GREEN. I offered it, and objection was
made; and then I withdrew it,to allow me to get
the information.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
was left open with a view to enable the Senator
from Missouri to examine-the report. The Chair
will submit the question to the Senate as to
whether they will receive the amendment. lie
has that right where theic is doubt.
The question being put, there wore only ten
Senators for receiving the amendment.
So the amendment was not received.
Mr. DIXON. I desire to offer an amendment
as an additional section:
Jbid be it further enacfctl. That the sum of £400,000 be
annually appiopriated, in addition to the annual Mini al-
ready appiopriated by the tiift section of tho act of Apt il
253, 1808, for the purchase and dlmibution of muw fm the
whole body of the militia of the United Htate*, conformable
to such requisitions as maybe made by the States respect-
ively as to the kind of .tuns to be distributed in accordance
with existing laws.
This amendment is moved in pursuance of an
estimate of the War Department, which was read
on Saturday.
Mr. TOOMBS. We have had this question up
once in the Committee of the Whole, and 1 think
it is not usual to renew amendments in that way.
It is a very bad practice, and there ought to be an
end of it. The rule has been, i believe, and I
would ask my friend from Connecticut to observe
it, that when an amendment is rejected in Com-
mittee of the Whole, it cannot be offered again
until the hill is imported to the Senate.
Mr. WILSON and others. This was not offered
to this bill before.
Mr. DIXON. It was offered on the Army bill
before.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well. At any rate, we
have argued it; and I hope we shall have the vote
now without discussion.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amendment
by adding:
Provided, The arms to be so distributed by the United
States shall be manuiactured by the United States.
Mr. MALLORY. This amendment is different
from the former amendment. I understand that !
this amendment contemplates the distribution'of |
such arms as the States themselves may choose.
That seems to me eminently just.
Mr. DIXON. The amendment of the Senator
from Mississippi defeats the object of the propo-
sition.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to;.there being on a division—ayes 21, noes 14;
and the question recurred upon the amendment,
as amended.
^ Mr. GREEN. I move to amend the distribu-
tion clause, by providing " that the distribution
hereby authorized shall not take effect until after
the next census, and the apportionment there-
under."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the Sen-
ator send his amendment to the desk in writing?
It is impossible for the Secretary to take down
amendments in this way.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I think the arms are dis-
tributed now by as good a rule as could be in-
vented—according to the representation in Con-
gress.
Mr GREEN. Very well I withdraw my
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Connec-
ticut, as amended.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is this distribution to be
according to the Federal representation?
Mr. DIXON. The same as under existing
laws.
Mr. HEMPHILL. That is, the law at this
time.
Mr. GRIMES. They are to be distributed, I
understand, according to the representation in the
House of Representatives.
Mr. DIXON. No; but according to the rep-
resentation in both Houses under the existing
law.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 30, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Bigler, Bright, Cam-
eron, Chandler. Chesnut, Chngman, Davis, Dixon, JDoolIt-
tle, Fitch, Fitzpatrick, Green, tiwin, Hemphill, Iverson,
Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Latham, Mallory, Nicholson, Powell, Snnmons,
Slidcll, Thomr-on, Wigfall, and Yulee—30.
NAYS—Musi's. Bingham, Brown, Clark, Collamer, Fes-
senden, Foot, Foster Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Hunter, King,
Mason, Pomce, Polk,''PuglijSaulssbuiy, tfumnei, Ten Eyek,
Toombs, Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—23.
So the amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I move a re-
consideration of the vote on the adoption of what
I now understand to be an amendment to the bill,
to which 1 have already alluded, beginning at line
eighty-five on page 4. I thought it was in the
bill as reported from the Finance Committee, and
that the committee had inadvertently adopted this
provision.
Mr. TOOMBS. I can tell the honorable Sen-
ator that it was reported by the Finance Com-
mittee, and all its piovisions were well consid-
ered. It was reported by the committee as an
amendment to the bill of the House, and it was
agreed to by the Senate after an explanation of it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I understand
that, when the bill comes into the Senate, I can-
not move to amend this clause in anyway what-
ever; but can only have the question on striking
it out.
Mr. TOOMBS. Oh, do; you can amend it in
any way as fully in the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well,
then. If gentlemen who are more familiar with
the rules will say to me that I have just as fair an
opportunity of raising the cjnestion'in the Senate,
I shall reserve my proposition until then. If 1
have the same n::iit to move to amend it in the
Senate that 1 have now, i shall not press it at
this time.
M r. TOOMBS. You will have the same right
in the Senaie,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Then I shall
not move the reconsideration.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed; and the question was stated to bo on concur-
ring in the amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. BROWN. One of the amendments which
I moved yesterday I am desirous, on further con-
sultation with the District Committee, to alter.
It js the amendment in reference to gas.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope we shall take the vote
on all such amendments as Senators do not choose
to ask for a separate vote upon.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Scnatorfrom Mississippi to move
an amendment to one of the amendments agreed
to as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TOOMBS. But I desire him to except it,
and then amend it aiterwards. The Senator can
withdraw lus proposition now, and except that
particular amendment, and move to amend it
afterwards.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If such be the
pleasure of the Senate, the Chair will put the
question on concurring in all the amendments,
except those that may be excepted at the request
of Senators. ["Agreed !"]
t Mr. BROWN. I ask for a separate vote on the
amendment in relation to gas, as I desire to offer
an amendment to it.
Mr. HALE. I wish to except the amendment
which appropriates $400,000 annually, to the end
of time, for the distribution of arms.
Mr. KING. I ask that the amendment relating
to the pier at Oswego shall be excepted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire a separate vote
on the amendment doubling the pay to Gales &
Seaton for printing the State Papers.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask for a separate vote on
the appropriation moved by the Committee on
Public Buildings, to appropriate $300,000 for the
Capitol extension.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I want a sepa-
rate vote on a part of the amendment to which I
have before alluded, commencing at line eighty-
five and extending to line ninety-three; and I give
notice that, according to my understanding of the
rules, I shall move to amend the proviso to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. ] suggest to the Senator to
have a separate vote on the whole amendment,
commencing at line eighty-five and ending at line
ninety-three, and then the whole amendment wih
be under his control.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Very well; I
propose that a separate vote be taken on the whole
amendment.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire a separate vote upon
the amendment striking out from lines two hun-
dred and sixty-five to two hundred and seventy-
three, being the appiopriation for the agricultural
department of the Patent Office.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to except the amend-
ment which provides for settling upon principles
of equity and justice the claim of the contractor
for the San Francisco custom-house; an amend-
ment that, I am told, was adopted yesterday.
Mr. SLIDELL. I wish a separate vote on that
amendment which relates to the contract for pub-
lishing the State Papers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore That has al-
ready been excepted by a Senator.
The other amendments were concurred in.
Mr. BROWN. I now move to amend the
amendment in relation to gas, by making the lat-
ter portion of it read:
And the act incorporating the Washington Gas Light
Company is heioby s-o amended as to piohibit "aid com-
pany liom receiving, after tiie 31st day of December neu,
moio than thirty-five cents per hundred cubic loot of ga 
furuifched by it to any consumer, biibjeet to a discount of
not kv< than ton per centum on all bills for gas, if paid at
the olfice ot'baid company within five davs from the rendi-
tion thereof, piovided all arrears shall liave been previously
paid.
If any explanation be necessary, I can readily
give it. I will only say that it is a matter of agree-
ment between this company and the committee
that it should be arranged in this way. The right
to change this charter was reserved by Congress
when it was originally granted. The committee,
after full consideration, thought this was right
for the time being, without surrendering the right
to change the charter again whenever we think
proper to do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is an agreement, I un-
derstand, merely to reduce the price.
Mr. BROWN. That is all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I presume nobody objects
to that.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Secretary
will proceed to read the excepted amendments.
The Secretary read the following amendment:
Sec. — And be it further enacted, That the sum of
$400,000 be annually appiopnated, m addition to the an-
nua} wim already provided by the first section of the act of
the 23d of ApuJ, 1808, for the puieha&e and distribution of
arms lor the whole body of the militia of the United States,
conformable to such requisitions as may be made by the
States respectively as to the kind of arms, to be distributed
in accordance with the existing laws : Provided, That the
arm? so distubuted shall be of the manufacture of the United
States.
Mr. HALE. I want to say a word or two upon
that, and I shall be very brief. We have been
distributing, for more than fifty years, $200,000
worth of arms per annum, and the result has been
that there has accumulated in the arsenals a spe-
cies of arms that we do not want. The improve-
ments that have been made in arms have been
such that a great portion of those that have been
distributed under this $200,000 appropriation have
been useless, and have to be altered to meet the
modern improvements in this species of manu-
facture. Now, sir, after we have been distribut-
ing §200,000 worth for fifty years, I think the
country will inquire, and will have a right to in-
quire, where is the necessity at this time of in-
creasing this distribution two hundred per cent.
