1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
979
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If it relates
to anything in a newspaper, I object to it. It was
decidcd the other day that newspaper articles
could notgivcrise topersonalexplanations. That
was a good decision; and I hope the House will
adhere to it.
Mr. CURTIS. I surely oughtto have the priv-
ilege of saying that the resolution which I pre-
sented on Wednesday was presented ingoosffaith,
with no idea of intruding on any arrangement;
ancLthat when presented yesterday, in the very
same words, in"1ull House, it passed unanimous-
ly. I had no bills and no other resolution to pre-
sent on Wednesday.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. If members
are permitted to notice all the newspaper attacks
mad£ upon them, we shall have no time for any-
thing else.
MRS. A. W. ANGUS.
Mr. SEDGWICK, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of Mrs.
A. W. Angus, widow of the late Captain Samuel-
Angus, United States Navy; which was read a
first and second time, referred to a Committee of
the Whole House, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
CHILDREN or MARTHA SWILLING. ,
Mr. JUNKIN, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill to pay to the surviving
children of the late Martha Swilling, widow of
George Swilling, the pension which was due her
to the period of her death, under the act of 7th of
July, 1838; which was read a first and second
time, referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
JAMES LACEY.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill granting pension to James Lacey,
of Granger county, Tennessee; which was read
a first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
JOHN MADDEN.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of John Madden, of
Claiborne county, Tennessee; which was read a
first and second time by its title, referred to a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
" CYltEXUS C. BLACKMAN.
Mr. STOKES, from the same committe&, also
reported a bill granting a pension to Cyrenus
C. Blackmail, of St. Helena Parish, Louisiana;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
ADELAIDE ADAMS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, from the same
committee, reported a bill granting a pension to
Adelaide Adams, widow of Commander George
Adams, United States Navy; which was read a
first and second time by its title, referied to^a
Committee of the Whole House on the Private
Calendar, and, with the accompanying repoit,
ordered to be printed.
MICAJAII IIAWKES.
Mr. FOSTER, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill for the relief of Micajah Hawkes;
which was read a first and second tune by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to be printed.
TIMOTHY CAVAN.
Mr, FOSTER, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Timothy Cavan, 1
an invalid pensioner; which was read a'first and (
second time by its title, referred to a Commit- j
tee of the Whole Houseon the Private Calendar, j
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be j
printed. !
Air. GARNETT. ' I move that the House do \
now adjourn. |
Mr. FLORENCE. Let us first get through j
with the reports of committees j
The question was taken; and the House lefused I
to adjourn. '
NATHANIEL SMITH, DECEASED.
Mr. HALL, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill for the relief of the chil-
dren of Lieutenant Nathaniel Smith, deceased;
which was read afiratiyid second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompany-
ing report, ordered to bo printed.
MRS. HANNAH M'DOWELL.
Mr. HALL, from the same committee, also re-
ported a bill for the relief of Mrs. Hannah Mc-
Dowell; which was read a first and second time
by its title, referred to a Committee of the Whole
House on the Private Calendar, and, with the
accompanying report, ordeied to be printed.
WEBSTER S. STEELE.
Mr. HALL, from the same committee, also
reported a bill for the relief of Webster S. Steele;
which was read a first and second time by its title,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House on
the Private Calendar, and, with the accompanying
report, ordered to be printed.
OBJECTION DAY.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask the Speaker whether
this is not objection day in Committee of the
Whole House on the Private Calendar?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. MAYNARD. We ought not to let it pass
without taking advantage of it; for, sir, we will
not have another objection day until the fourth
Friday of this month. Let us, then, go into
Committee of the Whole on the Private Calendar
and dispose of the bills there to which there is no
objection.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will remind the gentle-
man that the cases m that committee are mostly
those adversely reported on. Some bills, I be-
lieve, were referred there yesterday; but I appre-
hend that they have not been printed, and that
the reports accompanying them have not been
printed. I think we will do more good by send-
ing to that committee all the bills ready to be
reported from the standing committees. I have
no doubt that, by unanimous consent, we will
make next Friday an objection day in Com-
mittee of the Whole House on the Private Cal-
endar.
Mr. MAYNARD. I withdraw my motion, ap-
proving of the gentleman's suggestions.
Mr. HINDMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. PHELPS. I appeal to the gentleman to
withdraw his motion until all the committees are
called.
Mr. HINDMAN. I insist on my motion.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I suggest that the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals be passed over to-
day, with the understanding that it be called next
Friday. [Cries of "Agreed!" "Agreed !"]
Mr. MALLORY. 1 have a report which I
wTant to make from that committee. It is a bill,
sir, ia which my constituents are deeply inter-
ested.
Mr. FLORENCE. Reports of a general na-
ture are not in order to-day.
Mr. MALLOP.Y. I do not object to the un-
derstanding suggested by the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
insisted on.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded tellers.
Mr. BARKSDALE. There is no quorum pres:
ent, and no business ought to be done without a
quorum.
Mr. MAYNARD. A quorum is always pre-
sumed to be present, I hope that we will go
through with the call of committees for reports
of private bills.
Mr. BURNETT. I insistupon a countof the
House. There is no quorum here.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Q.CARLES
and Bivbimm were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
avos24, noes 58; no quorum voting.
"Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
there be a call of the House.
Air. BARKSDALE. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
The motion «as agreed to; and thereupon the
House (at fifteen minutes past four o 'clock, p. ill.)
adjourned until Monday next.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 5, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain,"Rev. Dr. Gorley.
The Journal of Friday last was read and ap-
proved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. HAUN presented the credentials of Hon.
Milton S. Latham, elected a Senator by the
Legislature of the State of California, to fill the
vacancy occasioned by the death of Hon. D. C.
Brodenck; which were read, and the oath pre-
scribed by law was administered to Mr. Latham,
and he took his seat in the Senate.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Interior, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate if the 27th ultimo, correspondence in
relation to obstructions of streets, svenues, and
public reservations in.the city ofWashington;
which was ordered to lie on the table; and a mo-
tion of Mr. Yulee to print the report, was re- ■
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented amemorial of the
Legislature of Wisconsin, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a daily mail from the village of Lake
Mills, in the county of Jefferson, Wisconsin, to
the village of Jefferson, in the same county, via
Milford and Aztalan, in that county; and also in
favor of the discontinuance of the mail route from
Watcrtown,viaMilford, Aztalan, Lake Mills,&c.,
to Madison, between Watertownand Lake Mills;
which was referred to the Committee on tile Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WADE presented the petition of S. K.
Miller and others, praying that the militia of the
Indian wars and that of 1812 may be placed on the
same footing, in regard to bounty land, as those
who served m the late war with Mexico; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and Militia.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition ofCharles
Maurice Smith, praying compensation for defend-
ing, at the request of the superintendent of Indian
affairs in Utah, two Indian boys who were in-
dicted for a criminal offense in the second judicial
district of that Territory; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. B1GLER presented a memorial of Swain
& Abell, and others, publishers of newspapers in
the city of Philadelphia, praying an amendment
to chapter fourteen, section one hundred and sev-
enty-three, of the postal law of the United States;
which was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of James Page,
Eli K. Price, and others, citizens of Philadelphia,
praying Congress to grant a pension to John L.
Kissick, a quartermaster in the Navy,who was
wounded by the bursting of a camion on board
the United States steamship Princeton; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of soldiers of the
war of 1812, residing in Berks county, Pennsyl-
vania, praying Congress to allow them a pension
for their services ill that war; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Pie also presented a petition of citizens of Arm-
strong county,"Pennsylvania, for the establish-
ment of a mail route from Kittaning to Leech-
burg, in that county; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
He also presented the memorial of George W.
Bonnin, praying to b'e allowed an increase of pen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented resolutions and a memorial
adopted at a convention of soldiers of the war of
1812, held at Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, on the
22d of February, 1860, urging the necessity for
the immediate passage of a law granting pensions
to the soldiers of the war of 1812; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. GREEN presented the petition of A. Arm- .
strong and others, praying the establishment of a
weekly mail route from Ilockford, Iowa, to Al-
bert Lea, in Freeborn county, Minnesota; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. POWELL presented the petition of Lockey
