980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Simpson, praying for an increase of pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND JUUPEREED.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, it was
Ordered, That the papers In the case of F. W. Lander,
on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and Militia.
On motion of Mr. CHJSSNUT, it was
Ordered, That the. memorial of James A. Black, special
agent of the State of South Carolina, praying that said State
may be refunded certain sums of money expended in the
common defense of the United States, on the files of the
Senate, be referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. BIGLER, it was
Ordered, That A. R. Ford, administrator of Augustus
Ford, have leave to withdraw his petition and papery from
the files of the Senate.
On motion of Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
it was
Ordered, That the petition ©f A. S. H. White, praying
compensation for signing land patents, on the files of the
Senate, be referred to the Coirihuttee on Public Lands.
i Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I ask leave, at
the instance of an ex-member of Congress, to
withdraw the papers in the case of J. B. Milton,
and that they be returned to me with a view to
transmission to the House of Representatives. I
will state that there has been some difficulty in
finding these papers, but it is believed they ac-
companied an amendment that was made to an
appropriation bill during the last Congress.
Leave was granted.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. GREEN, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the memorial of
Sweeny, Rittenhouse, Fant & Co., praying in-
demnity for losses sustained in consequence of
the Secretary of the Treasury not adhering to the
terms of the proposals for the ton million loan
under the act of 14th June, 1858, submitted a re-
port accompanied by a bill (S. No. 245) for the
relief of Sweeny, Rittenhouse, Fant & Co. The
bill was read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom were referred the
petition of the heirs and representatives of Christ-
oval and Miguel De Armas, praying the confirm-
ation of certain land titles; the petition of the city
of New Orleans, praying the confirmation of its
title to one half of certaih lands bequeathed to
that city and the city of Baltimore by John Mc-
donough; the petition of the heirs and legal rep-
resentatives of James Johnson, praying the con-
firmation of their title to certain land; and the
petition of Joseph Reynes, praying the confirm-
ation of his title to certain lands in the State of
Louisiana, claimed under a Spanish grant, and
to be indemnified for such lands, embraced in his
claim, as may have been sold by the United States
as public land, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 246) to confirm certain land
claims in the Florida parishes of Louisiana to the
city of New Orleans and others. The bill was
read, and passed to a second reading; and the re-
port was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 1G8) to amend an act entitled " An act
to ascertain and settle private land claims in the
State of California," passed March 3, 1851, re-
ported it with amendments. *
Mr. TEN EYCK, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Burnet W. Dole, son and heir-at-law of
EnoSh Dole, a surgeon in the revolutionary war,
praying commutation pay, reported adversely
thereon, and asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
COXGKESS OF PARIS.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resol ved, Thai the President of the United States be re-
quested, if, in his opinion, not inconsistent with the public
interests, to turnish to the Senate copies of allcoirespond-
enec on the files of the Department of state, not already
communicated, relating to the propositions on maritime
IieUtrUi nghts 6y the of Paris, JGth April,
NEW MEXICAN" LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. BENJAMIN. At the request of the Del-
egate from New Mexico, I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its adoption;
Resolved, That all the communications from the General
Land Office, and papers accompanying the same, relative
to private land claims in New Mexico, that have not yet
been definitely acted on by Copgress, be withdrawn from
the tiles and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims, for examination and report thereon.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
DEBTS OWING TO THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. BENJAMIN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of further legisla-
tion relative to the collection of debts due to the United
States, and the sale of lands taken by the United States for
the payment of debts; and that it report by bill or other-
wise.
POST ROUTE IN ARKANSAS.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, submitted the
following resolution; which was considered by
unanimous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a
post route from Washington, Arkansas", via Ozark, Mur-
freesborough, Mount Ida, and Waldron, to Fort Smith, m
Arkansas.
PRINTING OF A DOCUMENT.
On motion of Mr. BRIGHT to print a com-
munication from the superintendent of the Capitol
extension,addressed to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, in rela-
tionHo the construction of the dome and porticoes
of the Capitol,
Ordered, That it by referred to the Committee on Printing.
CONGRESSIONAL COMPENSATION.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. It will be recollected
that before the last session of Congress, members
and Senators were elected for the new State of
Minnesota. They were here some time, and it
was late in the session before they were admitted.
I ask the unanimous consent of the Senate to in-
troduce a joint resolution to entitle them to com-
pensation during the period that they were here
under their election.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
(S. No. 18) in relation to the compensation of
Senators and Representatives in Congress elected
from new States, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
An act (No. 237) for the relief of Anthony
Schlander; and
An act (No. 241) authorizing publishers to print
on their papers the date when subscriptions ex-
pire.
The message further announced that the House
ordered, this day, the printingof the following doc-
uments:
Lette* of the Secretary of the Interior, commu-
nicating additional estimates of appropriations
for the Indian service within the Territories of
Oregon and Washington—ordered at twelve
o'clock and thirty minutes.
Letter of the Secretary of the Interior, in an-
swer to a resolution of the House, calling for
information in regard to the New York Indian
reserve west of the State of Missouri—ordered at
twelve o'clock and thirty minutes.
Letter of the Secretary of the Interior, in refer-
ence to the report of the art commissioners—or-
dered at twelve o'clock and thirty-one minutes.
ADDITIONAL LAND DISTRICT.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Committee
on Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 90) to create an additional land district in
Washington Territory, have instructed me tore-
port it back with an amendment, and to ask the
feenate to allow it to be put on its passage at once.
That Territory is now embraced in one single
land district, and the publieservicereally requires
that another land district should be established
there at once. I hope the Senate will pass the
bill immediately.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The amendment
reported by the Committee on Public Lands is to
strike out aU of the original bill after the enacting
clause, and insert:
That when, in the opinion of the President, it may be ex-
pedient, all the public lands m the Territory of Washington,
to which the Indian title shall have been extinguished, or
may hereafter be extinguished, lying east and south of the
following boundaries, shall constitute a new land district,
to be called the Columbia river district, namely: Beginning
on the^boundary line between the United States and the
British possessions, and on the summit of the Cascade
mountains, at the nearest range line to the east line of range
twelve; thence south on the nearest range lines on the sum-
mit of said mountains to the line dividfttg townships ten
and eleven north; thence west to the line dividing ranges
six and seven west; thence north on said line to the third
standard parallel; thence west to the Shoal Water bay;
thence with the Shoal Water bay, including any islands
therein, to the Pacific; the western boundary of said district
above the line dividing ranges ten and eleven, and on the
summit of the Cascade mountains, to be adjusted by the
Depaitment of the Interior, as near the points before given
as is consistent with the lines of the public surveys; and
the President shall be authorized hereafter, from time to
time, as circumstances may require, to adjust the bound-
aries of the land districts of said Territory, artfl remove the
offices when tlie*same shall be expedient.
Sec. 2. Jlnd he it further enacted, That the President he,
and he is hereby, authonzed to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, or during the recess
thereof, and until the end of the next session after such ap-
pointment, a register and receiver for said district, why
shall be required to reside at the site of the land office.be
subject to the same laws, and entitled to the same compen-
sation, as is or may hereafter be prescribed by law in re-
lation to the existing land office and officers m said Terri-
tory.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
FLORIDA CLAIMS.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to take up the bill
S. No. 230, with a view of making it a special
order.
Mr. GWIN. I made a motion to reconsider
the reference of the West Point appropriation bill
to the Committee on Military Affairs; and I should
like to have that question taken up and decided.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is a motion
now before the Senate. The Senator from Florida
moves to take up, with a view to make it a spe-
cial order, the billS. No. 230, declaratory of the
acts for carrying into effect the ninth article of
the treaty of 1819 between the United States and
Spain.
Mr. MALLORY. I desire to make this bill the
special order for Wednesday, the 14thof March.
Mr. HUNTER. I should like to know what
the bill is, before it is made a special order.
Mr. MALLORY. It is a bill to carry into
effect'our treaty with Spain. I-will change the
time to the 19th. I move to make the bill the
special order for the 19th of March.
The VICE PRESIDENT' The question now
is on taking up the bill.
Mr. MALLORY. I will briefly state the rea-
sons for making the motion, if there is to be any
objection to it. I did not anticipate opposition to
my motion. _ I propose to make it a special order
for the 19th instant, so as not to interfere with any
other special order. The bill is No. 230; and if
it be left on the Calendar, to be taken up in its
regular order, we shall not reach it during the
session. The bill has been defeated heretofore
simply for want of time. Efforts have been made
to bring it before the Senate, but there has always
been a disposition to talk the bill out, as I con-
ceived, and its merits have ne^er been fully con-
sidered. It is evident now that we have spentso
much of the session, that unless it be taken up at
a very early day it will not be disposed of. It is
a bill of great importance; it involves large inter-
ests. It is to carry into effect a treaty stipulation.
I have placed the day sufficiently far off—the 191 h
of March—to avoid interference with all other
special orders. I will state, too, that various gen-
tlemen who are friends of the bill will have to be
out of the city; and unless it bo made a special
order before they leave, there will be very little
hope of its passage. 1 shall have, myself, to be
absent from the city.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senate will not
make a special order of this bill, which, I under-
stand, is merely to provide for a private claim;
one which has been, I think, twice before the
Senate; and the Senate has decided against it, if
my memory does not fail me. It ought to come
up on Friday, upon the. Private Calendar. It
