1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
diers by the Territory, over the rates allowed to
the United States troops serving on the Pacific
coast in the same year.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask for the reading of
the report accompanying the bill.
It appears from the report, which was read,
that the territorial authorities of the Territory of
Utah expended in hostilities with various Indian
tribes on her borders, in the year 1853, the sura
cf $76,0X7 40, for which the most complete and
satisfactory vouchers are furnished by the ac-
counting officers of the Territory. The liability
of the Federal Government for necessary expenses
incurred by the States and Territories in repelling
invasions of their territory by a foreign enemy,
or of hostile tribes of Indians within our borders,
has been so often recognized that it can no longer
be considered an open question. The territorial
authorities are allowed the same pay, rations,&e.,
that are allowed to the same description of troops
in the service of the United States, in the same
locality. Mounted troops were allowed, by the
Territory of U tali, the sum of two dollars per day
for the men, and fifty cents per day for a horse.
United States troops on the Pacific coast are al-
lowed seventy-two and one half cents per day,
(including twelve and a half cents for clothing,)
for a private soldier; and when he furnishes his
own horse, forty cents per day for the use of his
horse.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
alexander albertson.
A bill (H. R. No. 355)"for the relief of Alex-
ander Albertson, of Platte county, Nebraska.
" The bill authorizes Alexander Albertson to
enter at the land office in Omaha City, Nebraska
Territory, the northwest quarter of thenoithwest
quarter, and lot ^wo of section sixteen, township
seventeen north, of range four east, of the sixth
principal meridian, containing ninety-four acres
and twenty hundredths of an acre, by paying into
the land office the minimum price of 25 per
acre; provided Lhat he shall, within three months
from the passage of the act, establish his right of
preemption to the lands under the existing laws
m every respect, except the filing a declaration or
notice of his preemption claim; and it authorizes
the superintendent of public instruction in Platte
county, Nebraska Territory, to select any un-
claimed and unoccupied public land, as nearly
equal in quantity as practicable to the foregoing
described tracts, within the land district aforesaid,
in lieu of the lands mentioned in section one of
this act, as soon after the passage of this act as
practicable, and file a notice of such selection with
the register of said land office; and after such se-
lection and notice, the lands so selected shall be
reserved from sale or preemption, and shall be
held for the benefit of schools, in lieu of the lands
hereby authorized to be preempted and entered by
Albertson.
It appears from the report of the committee,
which was read, that Alexander Albertson, in the
spring of 1856, settled upon and claimed a quarter
section of land in Platte county, Nebraska; that
in that and the succeeding year he improved and
cultivated thirty acres of the claim, and built a
house thereon; that subsequently that portion of
the country was surveyed by the Government,
by the lines of which survey it was found that a
part of his claim and the improvements by him
made thoreon was on the northwest quarter of the
northwest quarter, and lot two, of section sixteen,
township seventeen north, of range four east, of
the sixth principal meridian; that he failed to file m
the proper land office his intention to preempt
said tracts of land within the time prescribed by
law, he being ignorant of the law in that respect.
These facts are also established by the testimony
of the county surveyor and cQunty judge of that
county. It is further established by the certifi-
cate of John A. Parker, register of the land office
at Omaha City, that the Government plat of said
township, on file in his office, shows the exist-
ence of improvements on the northwest quarter
of the northwest quarter, and lot two, of section
sixteen, township seventeen, range four east.
The bill was laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do pass.
william ii. de groot.
A ioint resolution (H. 11. No. 17) for the relief
of William H. De Groot.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object.
Mr. BAllR. What is the reason for tlie gen-
tleman 's objection ?
Mr. KILLINGER. Some weeks ago the House
passed a resolution requesting the Secretary of
the Treasury to communicate the facts in this
case; and to that resolution, I understand, there
has not yet been any reply. It is believed that this
claim has already been adjusted.
Mr. BARR. No answercould be sent, because
all the facts were before the committee.
Mr. KILLINGER. I object.
michael nash.
An act (S. No. 63) for the relief of Michael
Nash, of the District of Columbia. [Objected to
by Mr. Barr.]
daniel b. tondersmith. •
A bill (H. R. No. 356) for the relief of the
creditors of Daniel B. Vondersmith. [Objected to
by Mr. Bakr.]
stephen 0. gibbs.
A bill (H. R. No. 357) forthe relief of Stephen
O. Gibbs. [Objected to by Mr. Barr.]
john kelly.
A bill (H. R. No. 358) for the relief of John
Kelly.
Mr. DELANO. Imovethatthe committee rise.
It is obvious that we have come to a state of things
when it is useless to go on, unless there is a rec-
onciliation between the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Barr] and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Killinger.]
Mr. TAPPAN. I hope that the motion to rise
will be withdrawn. If the gentleman from New
York docs not object to the last bill upon princi-
ple, then I trust he will notinsiston his objection.
Mr. HOUSTON. I deem the objection to be
well taken.
The committee was divided on the motion to
rise; and there were—ayes 11, noes 44.
Mr. BUFFINTON. I demand tellers on the
motion to rise.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Matsakd were appointed.
Mr. DELANO. I withdraw the motion that
the committee rise.
Mr. HOUSTON. There were only fifty-five
members on the last division, and I insist that we
cannot proceed, with that evidence that the com-
mittee lacks a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. No vote has been taken.
Mr. HOUSTON. I know, and it cannot be
unknown to the House, that on the division of the
House there was not a quorum. I am unwilling
that business shall go on without a quorum.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts has the right to withdraw his motion.
Mr. CRAWFOR.D. I renew the motion that
the committee rise.
Mr. DELANO demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Boffimton
and Mayn.ird were appointed.
The committee refused to rise; the tellers hav-
ing reported—ayes 8, noes 112.
Mr. JONES. I ask that the report in the pend-
ing case be read.
The CHAIRMAN. There is no report.
Mr. JONES. Then I object.
john mosiiier.
Abill (H. R.No. 359) for the reliefoftlie legal
representatives of John Moshier. [Objected to
by Mr. Jones.]
Mi. LOVEJOY. I recollect that case, and I
believe that it ought to pass.
Mr. HOLMAN. The Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims have reported a general bill cov-
ering all such cases as the one before the commit-
tee, and it is not necessary, therefore, to pass a
special bill for each case.
harriet de i.a palm baker.
A bill (H. R. No. 360) for the relief of the chil-
dren of Mrs. Harrietdc la Palm Baker, deceased,
daughter and legal heir of the late Lieutenant Col-
onel Frederick H. Weissenfels. of the army of the
Revolution. [Objected to by Mr. Carey.]
samuel jones.
A, bill (H. R. No. 361) for the relief of the legal
representatives of Captain Samuel Jones, of the
Virginia continental line during the revolutionary
wari [Objected to by Mr. Thomas.] ' -
israel frisbie.
A bill (H. R. No. 362) for the relief<of the sur-
viving children of Irael Frisbie, a revolutionary:
soldier. ; ^ .
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the surviving children of Israel Frisbie;
late a soldier in General Wooster's regiment, the
pension due his widow, Esther Frisbie, deceased,
for the term of five years, under the act of June
7, 1838, amounting to the sum of $480.
From the petition it appears that Israel Frisbie
enlisted in the spring of 1775 as a private in a
company commanded by Captain Phineas Porter,
belonging to General Wooster's regiment, at
Waterbury, Connecticut, and served for eight
months and until he was honorably discharged;
that in the spring of 1776 he again enlisted as a
private in a company commanded by Captain
John Lewis, belonging to Colonel Douglass's regi-
ment, at Waterbury, and served for eight months
and until he was honorably discharged in De-
cember, 1776. It also appears that he served at
different periods during the war of the Revolution
after December, 1776, but the length of time is not
proved. It is also shown that he married Esther
Frisbie (then Esther Tyler) in the month of Feb-
ruary, 1793, and that they had several children,
and that they lived together until the 8th of Feb-
ruary, 1825, when Israel Frisbie died at the town
of Spafford, Onondaga county, New York; that
Esther Frisbie remained his widow up to the time
of her death, which occurred June 16, 1842.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not, of course,
wish to be misunderstood; but the committee will
see that that bill involves a principle that never
has been acted upon as ageneral one, at any rate;
and yet it involves a general principle of a very
important character. There are hundreds of such
cases; and if we are to agree upon the princi-
ple 
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. If nobody objects,
I suppose I can state my grounds of objection to
the bill.
No sbjection was made.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. The rule has al-
ways been, that a person claiming a pension,
though having the clearest right to it, is not en-
titled to have the pension commence until his
proofs are completed. Here the proofs never
were completed; and they are only completed for
the benefit of the heirs of the deceased. This case
only shows that there were proofs which could
have been obtained, had it been known that they
existed-. Now, the question is, shall we go back
and violate the rule, and give these claimants
what they ask? If we are to do that, let us do
it by a general bill, and not in thisindividual case
alone, without due and proper consideration, for
it involves no slight amount of money. If it be
right, as a general principle, make the rule general,
and let the Pension Office settle such cases.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is a difference, I will
say to the gentleman, between this and the gen-
eral class of cases which he has in his mind.
Here the widow herself made application for a
pension, but died before the proof was perfected.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. She never perfected
her proof before she died, and now the heirs have
perfected it and come forward and ask that there
shall be a bill passed for their relief, who are
entitled to nothing.
Mr. MAYNARD. This case stands upon a
diiferent principle of equity from that where the
widow makes no application.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That makes no dif-
ference. The rule will not recognize the principle;
and therefore I object. I would be very glad in-
deed if the proper committee would consider and
report a general bill upon this question. There
are many cases which we ought to provide for.
Mr. EDWARDS. I would inquire whether
the gentleman from Viiginia objects to the bill?
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. 1 do.
Mr. EDWARDS. Then no debate is in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I stated my objec-
tion to see if it could be removed.
john a. hotter.
A bill for the relief of the heirs of Captain Joha
A. Hopper.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
