1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
981
seems to mo unprecedented to make a special or-
der in that portion of the week which is devoted
to public business, for a mert private claim. Let
the Senator move to take it up on some Friday.
I hope the Senate will not make the bill a special
order.
Mr. GWIN. I should like to oblige the Sen-
ator from Florida, but I must oppose making any
bill a special order hereafter. I want to have the
Calendar taken up regularly. I have been wait-
ing for three months to see if we could not get to
the business 011 the Calendar, and I shall be com-
pelled to oppose the making of all special orders
that are asked for, from this time^forward, under
the hope and with the expectation that by that
course we shall be enabled to proceed to the con-
sideration of the business on the Calendar. We
lose more time in debating questions with regard
to the order of business than would enable us to
fo through our Calendar. Why, sir, it is a fact,
believe, that we have not called the Calendar
regularly for two years, and in that time no pub-
lic bill has been taken up, except in the way tjic
Senator now proposes, out of its order. I desire
to return to the old practice of taking up the Cal-
endar in regular order. The first bill upon the
Calendar is the most important measure that is
before the Senate. I very much regret that I
have to oppose the motion of the Senator from
Florida, but I shall vote against all such motions
hereafter; and I give notice that as soon as we get
through with the morning business, I shall move
to proceed to the consideration of the bills on the
Calendar.
Mr. MALLORY. I regret much, after the man-
ifestations which have been made, that I feel eon-
strained to insist 011 this motion. I know there is
a great deal of force in what the Senator from Cal-
ifornia says. My friend from Virginia may per-
haps be mistaken in regard to this being a private
bill; but the fact stated by the Senator from Cali-
fornia, that the Calendar lias not been called regu-
larly in two yearg, really shows what little chance
there is for the consideration of this bill if we ad-
here to the Calendar alone. There are, perhaps,
fifty bills of very little importance preceding this,
and tliis"has been for various sessions before Con-
gress. I say again, it has only failed to pass be-'
cause we have never had time to considcr'thc bill
fully on its merits. My friend from Delaware
[Mr. Bayard] intends to discuss the bill thor-
oughly; and I am anxious to get it up as early as
possible. The claimants haveJjeen before Con-
gress at various sessions. We have pledged the
faith of the country to pay them their money.
They have been before the Court of Claims; they
have been before the Supreme Court; and they
are finally driven to Congress for justice. I hope
we shall not get rid of the bill simply by the in-
terposition of time preventing action upon it. It
is one of first consequence, far more than fifty
other bills on the Calendar; but if it simply takes
its place 011 the Calendar, I shall regard it as a de-
feat of the bill. I must, therefore, insist on my
motion.
Mr. BAYARD. I differ with my honorable
friend from Florida. I think the bill h^s been
heard before the Senate; it certainly has been a
subject of investigation before Congress in a va-
riety of ways, during the last fifteen or twenty
years. It was heard before the Senate prior to its
going to the Court of Claims. • I took no part in
the debate myself at that time; but the Committee
011 the Judiciary, or a majority ot them, having
reported verbally against it, the then chairman of
the committee discussed it at length in die Sen-
ate; and it was discussed oil the other side; and
the Senate, by a vote of three to one , after discus-
sion, rejected it. That was when it was offered
as an amendment to an appropriation bill. At the
same session, in the House of Representatives,
the measure came up as a separate bill; and, after
discussion, it was rejected by a very decided ma-
jority. Subsequently to that, it went to th.e Court
of Claims, and that court denied the relief prayed
for. I do not think, then, it can be pretended that
this bill has not been heretofore considered and
discussed
I doubt, myself, the policy of making ita special
order. That, however, is a question which de-
pends 011 the pleasure of the Senate. It will give
me some labor, I admit. Anxious as I was to do
justice to the case if I could, my first impressions
having been formed by merely reading the treaty,
and by-the information derived from the then
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, my friend
the late Judge Butler, my opinions were against
it, and having seen a great many other memorials,
I did, at the last session, take the trouble to in-
vestigate the.claim thoroughly, as I believe; and
with some further reading, to refresh my reading
of the last session, I shall hold myself prepared
at any time that the Senate choose to take up the
bill, to discuss this question, for it will be a work
of some labor. To me personally it is a matter
of indifference whether the Senate make it a spe-
cial order or not; but I dislike the practice of
making special orders, and I wish the Senate
would adopt the rule that they would adhere to
their Calendar, and take up bills upon it, without
making any special order, unless by unanimous
consent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved to take
up the bill indicated by the Senator from, Florida,
with a view to make it the special order for the
I9th of March.
Mr. GWIN. In order that we may test the
question, and see whether the Senate are going to
take up the Calendar, and stop this plan of making
bills special orders, by which we shall never reach
the Calendar, 1 ask for the yeas and nays on this
proposition.
Mr. MALLORY. Very well; let us have the
yeas and nays upon it.
The VICE PRESIDENT If no objection be
made, the Chair^will put both motions at once.
It is a double motion, that the bill be taken up
and made the special order for the 19th of March.
If 110 division be' called for, the motions will be
put together. On this question the yeas and nays
arc demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resujted—yeas 32, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Bright,
Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Clingman, Collamer, Dixon,
Durkee, Fessenden, Fitch, Fitzpatricic, Foot, Green, Hale,
Hemphill, Iveison, Kennedy, Maliory, Mason, Powell,
Iljce, SHm-uan. Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Toombs,
Wade, Wilson, and Yulee—32.
NAYS—Messrs. Bayard, Beniami«( Bragg, Chesnut,
Clay, Crittenden, Davis, Grimes, Gwin, Hammond, Hun-
ter, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane,
Latham, Nicholson, Saulsbury, Slidell, Wigfall, and Wil-
kinson—20.
So the motion was agreed to; and the bill was
made the special order for the 19th of March, at
two o'clock.
SALE OF ARMS.
Mr. GWIN. I now move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of business on the Cal-
endar. Let us take up the Calendar in its regular
order.
Mr. DAVIS. There is an unfinished bill pend-
ing, which I should like to have concluded. The
unfinished business on whiph the Senate adjourned
on Thursday last was the bill to provide for the
sale of arms to the States, and for the appoint-
ment of superintendents of the national armories,
to which the Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessen-
denI was about to propose an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from California, that he will
call up the business regularly in order without a
motion.
Mr. GWIN. Will the Calendar be taken up ?
I move that the Senate proceed to the considera-
tion of business on the Calendar, and to postpone
all other business. The Calendar has not been
called up this session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator, that all business before the
Senate is upon the Calendar, and he can call up
nothing that is not on the Calendar.
Mr. GWIN. I want to call up the first billon
the Calendar.
Mr. CAMERON. I hope the Senator will al-
low me a moment. The Senate adjourned with
the Calendar before them, 011 Friday last, 011 the
bill for the relief of Mrs. General Smith, and I
suppose that is the business now in order. Is it
not'
Mr. GWIN. That is a private bill, and comes
up on Friday next.
Mr. CAMERON. It was postponed until Mon-
day. „
Mr. GWIN. And it will come up on Friday,
which is private bill day
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that when the hour for the consideration of
the special order arrives, he will call it tip. The
hour has not yet arrived for the special order.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I hope we shall proceed
to the consideration of the unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is in-
formed by the Secretary that there is no unfin-
ished business.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senate adjourned on the
bill providing for the sale of arms to the States on
Thursday last, and the Private Calendar came up
on Friday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it can no
longer be the unfinished business.
Mr. DAVIS'. That special order in'regard to
the Private Calendar ended with that day, and the
business on which the Senate adjourned on the
last regular legislative day was the bill to provide
for the sale of arms to the States. The Senate
adjourned upon it, the Senator from Maine pro-
posing to submit an amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not think, with respect to the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, that that comes up as unfinished busir
ness.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I move to take up that bill
for consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Mississippi to take
up the bill in regard to furnishing arms to the
various States.
Mr. BAYARD. I hope the Senate will not
take up any bill that will lead to debate, so as to
interfere with the special order at two o'clock. I
shall call, at two o'clock, for tke consideration of
the bill to amend the act establishing the Court
of Claims, which was made the special order.
This day was given to the Committee on the
Judiciary for the consideration of that and other
bills. It was made the special order for two
o'clock to-day.
The motion of Mr. Davis was agreed to; and
the Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(S. No. 45) to authorize the sale of public arms
to the several States and Territories, and to reg-
ulate the appointment of superintendents of the
national armories; the pending question being on
the motion of Mr. Simmons to strike out the first
section, as amended, after the enacting clause, as
follows:
" That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, author-
ized to issue to anv State or Territory of the United States,
on application of the Governor tlffireof, arms made at the
United States armories, to such an extent as may be spared
from the public supplies without injury or inconvenience
to the service of the General Government, upon payment
therefor, in eash at the tune of delivery in each case, of an
amount sufficient to replace, by fabrication at the national
armories, the aims so issued."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose to amend that
section, before the question is taken on striking
out, if it be in order, by inserting at the end of
the section the following:
Provided, That the whole number of arms which may
be sold, as aforesaid, shall he ascertained and determined
in each year by the Secretaiy of War; and no State or
Territory shall be allowed to purchase a number of arms
bearing a greater proportion to the whole number so aseer-
tamed and determined, than the Federal population of
such State or Territory bears to the aggregate Federal pop-
ulation of all the States and Territoues of the Union, ac-
cording to the census of the United States next preceding
such purchase.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment to
the amendment is before the Senate; but the Chair
at this hour [two o 'clock] calls up the special order;
which is the bill (S. No. 53) to amend "An act to
establish a court for the investigation of claims
against the United States," approved February
24, 1855. * .
Mr. DAVIS. I move to postpone the special
order, with a view to finish this bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. In relation to that motion,
I will observe that the Senate accorded to the Ju-
diciary Committee this day, and to-morrow also,
if it be necessary, for the transaction of business
that lias been confided to that committee. At the
last session of Congress we were unable to get up
one of our bills; and to-day and to-morrow were
given by the Senate expressly to that committee
for finishing its bills. If a vote can be taken on
the bill now before the Senate, so'that it will not
divert more than a few moments, I presume the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee will make
no objection to that; but if this bill is to be cotjun-
