2870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
ual. They have fixed a rank, below which it was
fairtoassume the requisite experience in construc-
tion could not exist. The year 1846,1 will inform
my friend and colleague on the Committee on
Military Affairs, is the most remote date at which
any lieutenant of engineers was commissioned in
the Army. Taking the ordinary age of first entry
into the service, therefore, they could notbe forty
or fifty years of age while yet in the grade of lieu-
tenant, nor have had more than fourteen years of
experience in service. It requires, for tho conduct
of a great work like this, not only elementary in-
struction, knowledge of the principles of civil en-
gineering, and the power to apply mathematics
to the solution of problems arising in construction,
but practice also—experience in administration,
and a familiar knowledge of material, so as to be
able tojudge of it by the eye, as well as by the touch.
It seldom falls to an engineer to construct so
great a work as this. There is no modern aque-
duct to compare with it. There ift, so far as I
have learned, but one bridge which has ever been
built with a greater span than that which bears
the aqueduct across the chasm of Cabin John
creek—the same to which my colleague referred—
and that longer bridge was, by a barbarian hand,
long since destroyed; so that this will be the
bridge of greatest span in the world when it is fin-
ished. It required knowledge of material, practi-
cal skill, and high native endowment, to fit a man
for such a construction as this.
From tho preliminary survey, down through all
the progress of this work, it 1ms been entirely in
the hands of Captain Meigs, until last year, when
Congress made provision tp transfer the finished
portion of the work to the Interior Department,
and that part was placed under the control of an-
other engineer. In making this transfer, things
which were inseparable from their nature were
assigned to separate direction and responsibility.
It was an unwise division, unless tho same en-
gineer was still to retain the charge of both por-
tions of the work; and, even in that case, it would
seem to have been unnecessary, and could only
have been productive of embarrassment. This
amendment, as I understand it, is therefore not
only a measure of economy, as far as expenditure
is concerned, but it gives unity to the administra-
tion of a work which cannot be divided without
impairing efficiency.
I believe Congress have now, as they have man-
ifested heretofore, the fullesteonfidenco in Captain
Meigs; but shall we therefore assume the execu-
tive "function, and direct the President or the Sec-
retary of War how he shall and .shall not lie em-
ployed? His health may fail; the interests of the
public service may require him elsewhere; and of
this the Executive must judge. But the Congress
have a right to say so gieat a woik as this aque-
duct shall not fall into hands not believed by them
to be competent, and with that view to attach
conditions to their approptiation. As I read the
description of the amendment, I do not believe it
appropriate to more than one other officer in the
engineer corps. There is, perhaps, one officer m
the engineer corps beside the individual who has
charge of the work, who might fulfill the terms
of that amendment; but he can scarcely be rc-
farded ns now available for the duty. Therefore
do believe the amendment, in effect, describes
Captain Meigs, and will vote for it because it docs
so. I vote for it as a tribute to integrity, to intelli-
gence, to manly adherence to his conviction of
duty, albeit in opposition to the power which was
over him. I deem it but the reward due to an
officer for services well performed, and an encour-
agement which it is proper the Government should
render to every man who suffers by his independ-
ence in the performance of duty, and by his faith-
fulness to the public interest.
The effect of the amendment of the Committee
on Finance extends, f think, as far as Congress
can consistently go, to pay the compliment to Cap-
tain Meigs which my friend from Arkansas pro-
Foses. If I deemed it proper to use his name, then
should agree that his name should be inserted as
a more distinct and complimentary recognition.
As to tho supposed reflection upon the War
Department,! will only say my support could not
be obtained to such a purpose; and that, in my
opinion, it can be no more a reflection upon the
Department than to say an assistuntquartermas-
tei sir-ill not be appointed except from lieutcn- ;
ants of the Army. \
I choose to fetter every public officer by all the
restraints, not inconsistent with his usefulness,
which general legislation can throw around lum,
In the language of Mr. Jefferson, talk not to me
of confidence in men; republican government rests
not upon faith in the benevolence of rulers, but
upon the wisdom of its laws. Freely recognize
merit where it is specially exhibited; and by gen-
eral legislation bind down all the agents of Gov-
ernment to the narrowest limits consistent with
efficiency. Concurring in the avowed purpose
and proposed means of the committee, 1 shall
vote for the amendment as it was reported.
Mr. JOHNSON, of"Arkansas. With refer-
ence to the question of economy, which the Sen-
ator has brought forward, I suggest to him that
this question has nothing to do with that at all.
All the economy that is secured by the amendment
presented here is already secured amply and entire-
ly; and Senators themselves will readily acknowl-
edge that fact, 1 have no doubt, if they would speak
of it at all in that light. My proposition is sim-
ply to strike out the words " not below the rank
of captain." Now, I find,from information which
j I did not before possess, but which is now fur-
, msbed by the Senator from Mississippi, and upon
i which I rely, that there are none others of the
; engineer corps than those appointed in 1846; and
j as by law they become captains after fourteen
| years' service, of course they are all captains.
Mr. DAVIS. Oh, no; 1 meant there were none
below tin-grade of captain appointed before 1846;
that all who arc below the grade of captain were
appointed subsequent to 1846, or a later date.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Atkansas. Well, I will
not advert to that. I do not object m the slight-
est degree to the eulo<>y which the Senator fiom
Mississippi has pionounccd upon a distinguished
officer, one from whom certainly 1 have not de-
tracted by any remark that I have made. I have
not raised the objection on that score at all. Ido
say, however, that when the head of a Depart-
ment of the Government is made and held respons-
ible for the services that are carried on beneath
him, he ought to have some opportunity to judge
m regard to them; and though he getsitwitli the
stiong expressions of opinion given from the le-
gislative department, he ought to have furnished i
to him power at least to control and to bring to a
proper subordination, if he does not think it ex-
ists, those who maybe placed under him, and for
whom he is responsible. He is responsible for the
estimates thev make, and he is rc sponsible for the
manner in winch their duties are discharged.
The Senator says thai wo cannot fix this matter
by Congress, {"am rather inclined to think he
is i ight about that: but really it is a point upon
which I had n-'vei'thougbt before, at least to any
great extent. I know there art; officers whose ap-
pointment must be confirmed by the Senate, offi-
cers that are made under the fc'onstUuiion, and
confirmed aecordmgto the Constitution; butthere
are subordinate officers and appointments that are
made by the Departments that do not come here
at all; and I think, if I am not mistaken, that
this, for a pai tieular service, is one of those cases.
I believe that my friend, the Senator from Mis-
sissippi, himself made this appointment in the
fust place. I do not think it had to come before
the Senate, or that it ever did. I know there
were complaints made in that day against ap-
pointing to civil service officers of the Army. 1
do not approve of the objection that was raised
then; but it was an objection that did exist.
But the Senator says it is not in our power to
place the name of Captain Meigs distinctly m the
amendment, and appoint him. If it is not in our
power to appoint him distinctly and by name, by
what process is it that it is more appropriate or
more legal oi moie constitutional, that we shall do
that indirectly which the Senator avows himself
we cannot do diiectly ? He thinks, however,and
that may be—for I wish to speak of this thing
frankly and fairly—that perhaps there is but
one other officer m the Army to whom it would
apply. 1 am not aware as to that at all. I do not
speak upon that point. I am speaking upon this
point: that there should be proper subordination
in these Depattments; and that the hands of those
who are immediately and entirely responsible to
us, ought not to be Lied and bound by legislation
and indirection. I do not think that the method*
of legislation or the manner is appropiiate. ,
Now, as to the Secretary himself,! can say this !l
with regard to him: in all the charges and assaults
that have been made upon him—and they have
been made on this floor as well as in tho public
papers—I have not seen a single instance where
they have ever brought back to him any charge
of corruption or improper conduct. There may
be something as to a mere matter of judgment or
taste; but, as to anything that impeaches his in-
tegrity of character, I have never seen or known
of any allegation that had been sustained. In the
investigations that were made here, he was tri-
umphantly acquitted of anything that was wrong.
But, without going into that subject, he stands
heie as an officer of the Government, and his
hands ought not to bo boun^J. Insubordination
is a thing that is cultivated by a process of this
sort. I do not think it ought to exist. At the same
time 1 will say that I concur with the Senator
from Mississippi in the approval, the esteem, and
the estimate he places upon the officer who is at
the head of this work. 1 do not think that any
other than that officer ought to be put at the head
of it; but I object to the method of doing so, anil
therefore I call the attention of the Senate to it,
and I am willing for them to take a vote upon it.
Mr. POWELL. Mr. President, for the reason
assigned by the Senator from Mississippi, that
wo have not the power to designate the name of
an officer of the engineer corps to do this work,
I think the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Arkansas ought to prevail. If it be so,
which I do not doubt, that the President, the
commander-in-chief of the Army, and the Sec-
retary of War are responsible for the exe< ution
of this work, I do not believe that by this indirect
mode of legislation, they should be compelled to
keep any particular officer in that service. They,
being responsible for the manner in winch the
work is executed, ought to be left free to appoint
any officer of the engineer corps they thought
qualified to discharge the duties of the position
assigned to him. For the reason given by the
Senator from Arkansas, I think the amendment
eminently proper. Sir, it would tend to create
msuboidnuuion in the service, to place the officer
in cliaige of this work beyond the control of his
supt liois—superiors who, it is admitted, are re-
sponsible to the country for the faithful and eco-
nomical execution of the work.
1 know nothing ahotit Captain Meigs except
what I learn from his public reputation. From
what I have heard of him, I suppose he is a very
superior officer. I do not know him personally;
but if this amendment is designed to put Captain
Meigs oi any other individual in that position, I
think it wrong. The head of the Department
ought to be left free to exercise a sound discre-
tion, being responsible to the country for the ex-
orcise of that discretion in such manner as best to
promote the public interest. I have no doubt
that there are numerous officers of the rank of
lieutenant in the Army, attached to the corps of
engineers, eminently qualified to discharge this
duty. It would strike me, sir, if there were no
lieutenants in the corps of engineers competent to
build a bridge, that we have been educating them
to veiy little purpose. I am not familiar, how-
ever, with those matters; but 1 think it pioptr
that the head of the Department should be left free
to appoint such agents as he thought proper to
carry u out. It may be proper to put the work
under the con tr<W of a n officer of this corps of en-
gineers. If so, the head of the Department, who
is responsible, should be left m the exercise of a
full and ummbarrassed discretion in selecting the
officer that is to carry it on. So far as I am ad-
vised, I would as soon have Captain Meigs as any
other officer. I have no personal acquaintance
wi'h him. I have no doubt he is worthy of the
high cu'ogium passed upon him; but I dare say
that there are many other officers of the corps of
engineers who are competent to execute this work
as ably and skillfully as Captain Meigs
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
to the amendment.
The amendment to tho amendment was rejected.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The next
amendment excepted from those adopted m com-
mittee will be read.
The Secretary read it, to strike out the follow-
ing scction:
Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That the sum of
