1926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
to pay t  Rachel Yelverton, Catharine Elting,
Maria Zabriskie, and Sally Burhans, children of
Captain John A. Hopper, deceased, late of New
Jersey, the sum of $10,000, in full consideration
for the destruction of the dwelling house and othea*
property of John A. Hopper by the British while
th© said houses were in the actual military occu-
pancy of the troops of the United States, under
the command ofMajorBoyles, in the revolutionary
war; provided, however, that the Secretary of the
Treasury shall only pay the sum of money to the
Eersons before mentioned, or their heirs-at-law
y lineal descent, if either be deceased, upon due
proof that such persons or their heirs are the direct
and lineal descendants of Captain John A. Hopper
aforesaid, deceased; the distribution thereof to be
made according to the laws of New Jersey, except
that none except lineal descendants of Captain
John A. Hopper shall be entitled to an interest
therein.
From the report it appears that, during the
winter of 1779-80, Major Boyles, with a large
detachment of the continental troops, was quar-
tered at Hoppertown, in the county of Bergen,
New Jersey, occupy mgas a garrison, among other
buildings, the dwelling-house and storehouse of
Captain John A. Hopper, which were also used
as a depot for arms, ammunition, and provisions
for the American Army. The evidence farther
establishes a fact that, while Major Boyles and
his troops were still quartered at Hoppertown, on
the morning of the l(>th of Apnl, 1780, they were
surprised by a body of British li^Iu horse, from
Staten Island; and, after a bloody engagement, in
which Major Bay Us was mortally wounded, and
a brother of Captain Hopper and others were
slain, and many others, among whom was John
Hopper, the father of Captain John A. Hopper,
were wounded, the American forces, by reason
of the superior number of the enemy, were com-
pelled to abandon their defenses; and the British
fir-xl thedwellin^-house and storehouse of Captain
Hopper, which had been occupied during the
engagement by the American troops. The build-
ings were entirely consumed; and with them per-
ished, not only the military stores of the American
forces, but the entire personal effects of Captain
Hopper—furniture, r*ome continental mont?y,aud
the wearing apparel of his wife and children,
leaving him and Ins family absolutely destitute.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to say that there is
a typographical error in the printing of the bill
which was read to the committee. The commit-
tee reported n bill for the payment of th* sum of
$2,000, but by an errorin priming, the amountis
stated at $10,000. 1 move, ifsueh a motion is now
in order, to strike out the word " ten," and insert
" two."
Mr. GARTRELL. I objort to th.: lull.
Mr. HOUSTON'. As that, amendment is ne-
cessary to rectify a mistake, I think it had better
be made before the bill is objected to.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Georgia insists upon his objection to the bill, the
motion to amend is not in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. The mistake is in the print-
ing of the bill. The original manuscript bill is
co rreet.
Mr. CAR-TRELL. Is mterestiiiduded m that
amount'1
Mr. UOLMAN. None at all.
Mr. GAivTRELL. Then I withdraw my ob-
jection.
The CHAIRMAN. Do I understand that the
errm* is'in the original bill, or only in the printed
copy?
Mr. HOLMAN. In the printed copy. The
original is correct.
The CHAIRMAN. Then no amendment is
necessary.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill is reported from the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims, and it has
decided merits. The uniform policy of the Gov-
ernment has been to pay for property destroyed
in the revolutionary war by the American forces,
or in consequence of the possession of that prop-
erty by the Amcncan forces. The proof before
the committee establishes beyond doubt that John
A. Hopper was captain of a revolutionary force
iii New Jersey, he residingat the time of this loss
at Hoppertown; that m the winter of 1779-80,
Ins storehouse and dwelling were occupied oy
American forces: that while they were in their
possession, :h"v were attacked by British forces
from New York, and after a sharp engagement,
in which a number of Americans fell, and John
Hopper, the father of Captain John A. Hopper,
was wounded, the piacewas taken by the enemy,
and destroyed. These facts are all clearly estab-
lished by the proof.
All former reports—for this matter has been
before Congress for twenty-five years—arc favor-
able to the payment, of this claim; but they pro-
posed to pay the sum of $8,000. An examination
of the evidence by the committee did not seem to
warrant them in reporting a sum greater than
^2,000, which sum includes no interest whatever.
The claimants before Congress are the daughters
of Captain John A. Hopper, who preferred this
claim before Congress prior to his death.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I suppose the prin-
ciple is well settled, that where the property—a
house, for instance—of a private person is occu-
pied by the troops of his country, and is in con-
sequence destroyed by the enemy, that property
is to be paid for. That is the principle involved
here; and there can be no doubt of its propriety or
of its being a fixed legal principle, that adjusts all
these questions. But I desire to ask why this
claim was not sent to the Court of Claims?
Mr. HOLMAN. The only answer I can make
is this: this claim was brought before Congress
more than a quarter of a century ago, by Captain
Hopper himself. It was favorably reported on in
both branches of Congress. Probably for that
reason it was kept before Congress instead of being
sent to the Court of Claims.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I rather think this
claim is a good one, and I will not object.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I want to ask the gentle-
man a question. 1 find on page 21 of the Calendar
a bill for the relief of Mary^Ann Hopper; I find
another bill for the relief of Mary Iiopper; and
| 1 find another for the relief of the heirs of John
Iiopper. I would like to know from the gentle-
man from Indiana whether or not these are
claims arising from the same subject-matter, and
whether or not the Congress of the United States
will be called upon to settle these other claims
together with the one now under consideration?
Mr. HOLMAN. The claims mentioned arc
not at all connected with the case now under con-
sideration. The property of John Hopper, Hither
of John A. Hopper, was destroyed at the same
time; and bills are reported for the payment of the
j claimants. I would further state that Mr. Liv-
ingston, the Governor of New Jersey, wrote to the
Continental Congress calling its attention to these
losses. Governor Livingston says that the fact
that the property was destroyed in consequence
j of Us occupation by troops of the United States
is a matter beyond all controversy whatever; and
certainly, on all sound principles, it ought to be
paid for. If there be a single case of this charac-
ter before Confess which ou^ht to be a subject of
adjustment, I insist, that this is such a case. The
facts are clearly established; and the case comes
within the rule indicated by the gentleman from
Virginia, [Mr. Smith,] which should govern the
adjustment of such chums.
Mr. PEYTON. Do 1 understand that the ty-
pographical error has been corrected, and the sum
of ^2,000 substituted for that of $10,000?
Mr, HOLMAN. J understood from the Chair
that the error being in the printed bill, and not
in the oiiginai bill, no amendment is necessary.
The Ci I AIRMAN. The Chair has made in-
quiry, and is toid that the original bill is nothcre.
The Chair can not, therefore, say whether the error
is m the: original bill or not.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I move the amend-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will regard the
ong nal bill as identical with the printed bill, and
will entertain the amendment to strike out the
words " §10,000° and insert the words " §2,000."
The amendment wv.s agreed to.
j' The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
1. it do pass.
JOSIAII ATKINS.
A bill (H. R. No. 363) for the relief of Josiah
Atkins, of Ohio.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be issued to Josiah Atkins, of Ohio, a
I bounty land warrant for one hundred and sixty
' acres in ii< u of wan apt No. 54^93, issued \o 'At-
kins under act of March 3,1855, the same having
been lost in transmission through the mails by
the Commissioner of the General Land Officc to
the register and recorder at Council Bluffs, Iowa,
in 1868.
Mr. HOUSTON. I wish to suggest, to the gen-
tleman having this bill in charge, whether it should
not be amended by putting it in the power of the
Secretary of the Interior to make some regulation
on which the warrant shall issue. As it is now,
the bill requires no evidence that the warrant was
lost. It requires no sort of guarantee on the part
of the person to whom it was issued. Suppose
that the warrant should make its appearance reg-
ularly indorsed by the party or by his authority,
then there would be two warrants out for the
same service. There is nothing in the bill, it
seems to me, which properly protects the Gov-
ernment or the Land Office against fraud growing
out of the old warrant.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose an amendment?
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose to add, "under
such rules and regulations as the Secretary of the
Interior may adopt."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was laid aside, to be re-
ported to the House with a recommendation that
it do pass.
WILLIAM PACKWOOD.
A bill (H. R. No. 366) for the relief of Wil-
liam Packwood. [Objected to by Mr. Carey.]
PRIVATE LAND CLAIMS IN MISSOCBI.
A bill (H. R. No. 118) to confirm certain private
land claims in the State of Missouri, and for other
purposes.
Mr. PEYTON. That is a public bill, and 1
object to it.
BRAGG AND GIBS<?N
A bill (H. R. Nn. 367) for tho relief of Braxton
Bragg and Randall L. Gibson.
The bill confirms Braxton Bragg and Randall
L. Gibson in their claim to the portion of the tract
of land known and designated in the surveys of
the United States for the southeastern district of
Louisiana as section or lot twenty-seven, of town-
ship fourteen south, in range sixteen east, (westof
the river Mississippi,) which they are now re-
spectively in possession of, under title derived
from Domingo Estcve or his heirt, and directs
that a patent shall issue therefor, as in ordinary
cases.
There beingno objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
TILMAN LEAK.
A bill (S. No. 55) for the relief of Tilman
Leak.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be refunded to Tilman Leak the sum of
$679 57, the amount paid by him to tho United
States as purchase money for fractional sections
six and seven, in township nineteen, range north
eighteen, in Alabama, at a sale thereof, as " dead
and abandoned" Indian reserves, under the Creek
treaty of 1832, made by William Garrett, agent
of the United States, on the 7th of May, 1856j
provided that Tilman Leak shall first surrender
any patent which he may have therefor for can-
cellation, and release to the United States by
deed all his claim and interest therein.
There being no objection, the bill was laid aside,
to be reported to the House with a resolution that
it do pass.
GEORGE STEALEY.
A bill (S. No. 70) for the relief of George
Stsaley. *
The bill refers the account furnished by George
Stealey, for service® rendered and expenses in-
curred by him as agent, appointed by the Indian
commissioners of the United States for California
to visit the northern tribes of Indians in said State,
to the Third Auditor of the Treasury, with au-
I thority to cause the same to bo settled upon prin-
' ciplesofequity and justice, and theamountthereof
to be paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated; the settlement to be made
| upon satisfactory vouchers showing that (he ex-
' penses were actually incurred, and that the prices
paid were uist and proper under the peculiar cir-
cumstance's of the case.
