1928
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
ated, the sura of $4,515 60, in full for his services and ex-
penses while acting as receiver of the United States land
office at Monroe, Michigan, from 1823 to 1631.
Mr.TAPPAN. I cannot yield for that purpose.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I object to the
amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. The amendment proposes
to increase the amount.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is the amount reported
by the Committee of Claims at the last Congress.
Mr. HOUSTON. When general consentwas
given to the discharge of the committee, this
amendment ought not to be brought in.
Mr. TAPPAN. I should prefer to have the
amendment adopted; but as general consent was
given, it would not be right to press it. The pas-
sago of the bill will be more secure as it is.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under its operation,
the bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MAYNARD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, with a view to discuss the tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Curtis in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 338) to provide for the payment
of outstanding Treasury notes, to authorize a loan,
to regulate and fix the duties on imports, and for
other purposes, on which Mr. Longneckkii was
entitled to the floor.
Mr. LONGNECKER addressed the committee
in support of the tariff bill. [His speech will be
published in the Appendix.]
Mr. ADRAiN. Mr. Chairman, it is not my
intention on the present occasion to rnterupon the
discussion of that all-absorbing and exciting sub-
ject of slavery; but 1 propose to offer a few re-
marks on another subject of great interest and
importance, which claims our earnest attention
and speedy action. I allude, sir, to the subject of
the tariff. And inadvocatingsuch a tari IV as favors
and protects our own domestic manufactures, and
the home industry of tin; country, I shall do so in
accordance with the convictions of my own judg-
ment, and out of respect to the following joint
resolutions adopted by the Legislature of Now
Jersey, at its last session:
u J. He it rewired by the Senate and Colored Assembly of
the Slate of New Joscy, That our Senators and Repirsent-
ativcs in (Jongicsx be icquested to use all honorable means
to revise the present tan if, so thai the icvenues arising from
duties on imported merchandise shall be Mtfheiein to de-
fray an eeonoinical-iidniiriisttahon of the l'Ycloial Govern-
ment, and soon extinguish our national debt, discriminating
so as to protect our own manufacture.
" XJ. .'hid be it resolved, That the (Jovei nor of thn State
he, and he is hereby, respectfully requested to cause to be
transmitted to each of our Senators and Repiesentatives a
copy of these je&oluuons."
There are but two ways, Mr. Chairman, of rais-
ing the necessary lovenue for the suppoit of the
national Government: either by direct taxation, or
by means of a tariff. The first method—that of
direct taxation—has comparatively but few advo-
cates, and will not likely ever become adopted in
this country. The present method of deriving the
revenue fiom duties on foreign imports has long
been established,and become the national policy.
The great majority of the American people aro
satisfied with it, and have no desire to change it
for direct taxation. Hut whether the duties levied
shall be high or low, or imposed simply with a
view to revenue, without any rcgaid whatever to
home protection, have been questions which have
long led to much and excited discussion.
The President, in his annual message to the last
session of Congress, earnestly called its attention
to the present tariff, and recommended such a re-
vision of it as would yield a greater amount of
revenue, and, at the same time, afford further pro-
tection to the great industrial interests of the coun-
try But all his wise and patriotic recommenda-
tions were utterly disregarded, and Congress ad-
journed without carrying them into effect, although
the national Government was largely in debt,and a
revision of the tariff,as recommended, would have
afforded the necessary relief. ^ It was the general
expectation of the people—at the North,at least—
that the present tariff would have been modified
at the last session, not only to meet the urgent
necessities of the national Government, but also
to have afforded the needed protection to the man-
ufacturing and laboring interests of the country.
But these pressing necessities were neglected, and
the hopes of the people disappointed. But it re-
mainsfor the present Congress to take some active
and decided measures on the subject, and to show
a willingness to encourage and protect the hand
of labor.
The views which th^ President expressed in the
message to which I have referred, on the subject
of the tariff, were not new to him, but such as he
has long entertained. When a member of the
United States Senate, in former years, he gave
utterance to the same sentiments, and strongly
advocated specific instead of ad valoremdutws, and
considered it incumbent on Congress, in the ar-
rangement of the duties, to make such a discrim-
ination in favor of home manufactured articles as
to encourage the mechanical skill and labor of our
own people. In a speech which he delivered in
the United States Senate in 1842, he said:
il f would upon the pieserit, as almost upon every other
occasion, have acted upon the principle* of Gencial Jack-
son—a man nearly as much distinguished for sagacity and
statesmanship as lor his courage and conduct on the (jeld of
battle. That illustrious old man, having the subject of the
leview and reduction of the tanfl' of 1S32 distinctly in
view, use* the following language in lus annual message of
Deeeniboi at that >ivr: ' The sounded maxima of public
policy, and the puneiples upon whu h oui iepubli< an insti-
tution* aie founded, recommend a properadaptation of the
levenue to the expenditure ; and they also require thatthe
expenditure shall be limned to what," by an economical ad-
ministration, shall be consistent with the simplicity of the
Government, and necessary to an efficient public service.
In effecting this adjustment, it is due, injustice to the in-
terest* of the difTWent rtt.ites, and even to the piesci ration
of the Union itself, that the pioteetion atinided by existing
laws to any btaneh of the national industiy should not ex-
ceed what may be necessary to eounlaael the i emulations j
of joi ei%n nations, and to se/ urc a i. apply of those a) titles of
vninuf actui e essential to thenational independence and safely
in I line, of u'«r.} fnseveial of his pteviotw messages to
('ortgt ess he a\ ows similar pi mciples m te  m-> still stiongcr,
and in one til them be cites the nuthouty ol Jnfiuison, Mad-
ison, and iUonioe in theirsuppoit.
'•This is my creed, upon the subject of the tariff, and I
am both willing and anxioin tocanv itout tanlyintopiac-
tice. I am wjlhngto unite with my political fncuds fiom
the North, the South, the East,and the West, in ieducing
the e.xpeiHlilutes ol the (ioveinnr-nt to the lowest point,
consistently with the national houoi and the national safety,
f would not impose one dollar of duties on foieign mipoi ts
beyond what may be necessary to inert such an economical
expenditute. hi adjusting tfusc duties, hoaeier, 1 &hall
never abandon the puneiplc of disci'nmnation in favor of
such branches of home indust) y as may !>e nccasaiy to sccitre
a suppti/ of ihose articles of manufacture essential to the na-
tional independence and safely in time of war J3nd this,
moie especially, after such manufactures have already been
established at immc.nse expense on the faith of your lairs. I
would save them from sinking into rum by a rate of discrim-
ination necessary to piescrvc them."
With such strong and decided views as these
on the subject of the tariff, held by the President,
it would have been strange, indeed, if he had not
called the attention of Congress to its revision,
when the manufacturing interests throughout the
country were suffering so greatly, and lying al-
most prostrate. He acted consistently with his
publicly-expressed sentiments and action on the
tatijf question, and is entitled to much commend-
ation for having made an effort, however unsuc-
cessful, to revive and give new life and energy to
those great manufacturing interests which add so
much to the wealth, prosperity, and independence
of the land. In his views and action on the tariff,
the President has been, however, but following
in the footsteps of that great and illustrious man,
Andrew Jackson, whose example of patriotism,
and devotion to the best interests of the country,
well deserve our closest imitation. If any man
cvei lived who had his country's best interests at
heart, it was that heroic old chieftain and states-
man. He was ever alive to everything which
tended to advance the prosperity, independence,
rfind glory of the land. And hence he was the
warm friend and advocate of home industry and
home labor, and encouraged the fostering and pro-
tection of such manufactures as renders us inde-
pendent of all foreign nations. In a letter which
he wrote to Dr. Coleman, dated April 26, 1824,
previous to his election to the Presidency, in reply
to one asking his opinion on the subject of the
tariff, he said:
£l That he was in favor of a judicious tariff; such a one
at least as would foster, protect, and preserve within our-
selves the means of national defense and independence,
particulaiiy in a state of war."
And after the American people had elevated
him to the highest office withm their gift, to which
he was so preeminently entitled, he advanced sim-
ilar sentiments on the subject of the tariff in sev-
eral of his messages to Congress. In his first
annual message he said:
" The general rule to be applied in graduating the duties
upon articles of foreign giovvth or manufacture is, that
which will place our own in fair competition with those
of other countries, and the inducements to advance even
a step beyond this point, are contiolling in rcgaid to those
articles which are of primary necessity in tune of war.
" We must ever expect a selfish legislation m other na-
tions, and are, therefore, compelled to adapt our own to
these regulations in the manner best calculated to avoid
serious injury, and toliaimonize the conflicting interests
of our agriculture, commerce, and manufactures."
But not only was Andrew Jackson a strong
friend and advocate of the manufacturing and la-
boring interests of the country, but some of the
wisest and best of patriots and statesmen who
had preceded him in the presidential office held
like sentiments with himself on this subject.
Such, for example, as Washington, Jefferson,
Madison, and Monroe. Washington,inhisfirst
annual message to Congress, remarked:
"The advancement of agricultuie, commerce,and man-
ufactures, by all proper means, will not, 1 tiust, need rec-
ommendation."
And in his eighth annual message, he said:
"Congress have repeatedly, and not without success,
dnected their attention to the encouragement of manufac-
tures. The object is of too much consequence not to in-
suic .i continuance of their efforts in every way which shall
appear eligible.1'
Jefferson, too, felt a deep and lively interest in
all that pertains to the progress and advan&ment
of agriculture, manufactures, commerce, and nav-
igation. And in his sixth annual message, he
asked:
" Shall we buppress the impost, and give that advantage
to foieign over domestic manufactures? On a few articles
of more general and necessary use, the puppie*sion,in duo
season, will doubtless be light; but the great mass of the
articles on which import is laid are foreign luxuries, pur-
chased by those only who are tich enough to affoid them-
selves the use of them. Their patriotism would ccrtainly
piefcrits continuance and application to the gteat purposes
of the public education, roads, rivers, canals, and such other
objects of public improvements as it may be thought proper
to add to the constitutional enumeration of Fedeial pow-
ers."
Madison, too, followed in the same track; and
in his second annual message remarked:
" To a thriving agriculture, and the improvements relat-
ing to it, is added a highly interesting extension of useful
manufactures, the combined pioduet of professional occu-
pations and of household industry. How far it may he ex-
pedient to guai d the infancy of this improvement m thedis-
tubution of labor by i emulations of the commercial tantf,is
a subject which cannot fail to suggest itseil to your patri-
otic lcflectious. Besides the icasonablcncss of saving our
manufactures fiom sacrifice, which a change of circum-
stances might bring on them, the national inteie^t icquues
that with icspeet to .such articles at lea$t as belong to our
defense and our primary wants, we should not b<; left in
unneccssaiy dependence on external supplies. And whilst
foreign Governments adhere to an existing discrimination
in then potts against our navigation, and an equality or
lesser discrimination is enjoyed by their navigation in our
poits, the efleet cannot be mistaken, because it has been
t>eiiously lelt by our shipping interest."
And in I
observed:
u In adjusting the duties on imports to the object of reve-
nue, the influence of the tariffon manufactures will neces-
sauly present itself for consideration. It will be an addi-
tional recommendation of particular manufactures, when
the materials for them are extensively drawn irom our ag-
riculture, and consequently impart and insure to that great
fund of national prosperity and independence an encour-
agement which cannot fail to be rewaided.1'
Monroe, entertaining like sentiments, and fol-
lowing m the footsteps of his illustrious predeces-
sors, in his first annual message, remarked:
" Our manufactories will lequae the continued attention
of Congress. The capital employed in them is considera-
ble, and the knowledge required in the machinery and fab-
licofallthe most useful manufactures is of great value.
Their preseivation, which depends on due encouragement,
is connected with the high interests of the nation."
In his third annual message, he further re-
marked:
"It is deemed of great importance to give encourage-
ment to our domestic manufactures. In what manner the
evils adverted to may be remedied, and how far it may be
practicable mother respects to afford to them further encour-
agement, paying due regard to all the other gi eat interests
of the nation, i^ submitted to the wisdom of Congress."
And in his fifth annual message, he still further
remarked:
" It may fairly be presumed that, under the protection
