1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
985
properly claims, but applications to Congress irre-
spective of any obligation on the part of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HALE. I wish the chairman to explain
to the Senate why a provision of the fifth section
* is put in, excluding the consideration of claims
growing out of a treaty. As a treaty is the su-
preme law of the land, I should think a claim
growing out of that might as well be submitted
to them as anything else.
Mr. BAYARD. That clause was in the bill as
referred to us; and the committee, after consid-
ering it, were of the unanimous opinion that we
were not under obligation to refer anything of
that kind. In general, where the Government is
obliged to pay anything under a treaty, it almost
invariably appoints a commission for the purpose
of determining the matter, and therefore it was
thought unnecessary to give jurisdiction of such
cases to the Court of Claims; because, whenever a
treaty is made which requires payments, we have
a special tribunal to determine the matter, and
that a judicial one. We thought it better not to
throw the onus of such claims on the court, but
to leave them as they arose under treaties to be
provided.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I desire to move an amend-
ment, by adding a few words to the end of the
fifth section—the eighth section of the original
bill, now the fifth section by theaction ofthe com-
mittee. This fifth section provides-that "the juris-
diction of the court shall not. extend to or include
any claim against the Government, growing out
of or dependent on any treaty stipulation entered
into with foreign nations or with the Indian
tribes."
I move to add the words, "or on any action of
the Government in its intercourse with a foreign
Power."
The object of the amendment is to exclude from
the jurisdiction of the Court of Ciaims those
claims which arc purely political in their charac-
ter—those claims which Congress has always de-
sired to preserve under its own jurisdiction. I
may instance, as one set of such claims, the
French spoliations. Those are claims which Con-
gress has always desired to act upon, of sufficient
magnitude to require the action of Congress in-
dependently of any action of the court, and they
ought not to embarrass the passing of this bill in
relation to the Court of Claims by any extraneous
considerations of that kind. The bill'is for claims
of citizens against the Government in law and
equity, but not those which arise out of its polit-
ical relations with foreign Powers. Those were
intended to be excluded by the committee.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS. I move that the second section
be amended by inserting in the second line, after
the word " obligation," the words " for a valua-
ble consideration." This is to exclude another
class of cases—the class of gratuities, post-service
pensions, which belong exclusively to the bounty
of the Government; and for that purpose I pro-
pose to insert these words.
Mr. BAYARD. I cannot think that the amend-
ment moved by the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia is essential; yet it would alter the whole char-
acter of the bill. How would you apply the words
" for a valuable consideration" to a case founded
upon a tort for which the Government was re-
sponsible ? The bill is meant to cover that. The
word " obligation" is not used in the mere com-
mon-law sense; the word " obligation" is used in
its general sense—meaning a duty to pay, a right
accruing to a party, whether it arise from a tort
of the Government or from a contract of the Gov-
ernment. If this was only to give power to the
court under contracts, you miglg well insert the
amendment; but I think the honorable Senator
will find a court giving a construction to theso
words, "legal or equitabl'e obligation," would
never consider a gratuity or pension an obligation.
It is an imperfect obligation, and therefore not an
obligation; so held by"the civil law as well as the
common law. If it is an imperfect obligation, as
a gratuity always is, it is not an "obligation"
withm the meaning of the bill. There was no
difference of opinion in the committee as to the
effect of the language used in the bill. It certainly
was not intended for a moment, as the honorable
Senator will see, to include the cases that he means
to exclude. In another section the original bill
provided for taking testimony in cases of gratui-
ties and pensions. That we struck out because
we did not want to throw upon the court the mere
ministerial duty; we thought, as they had no juris-
diction in such cases, it would not be proper to give
them the duty of taking testimony for us. I sub-
mit to him that, within the meaningofthelanguage
used in the bill, the words " legal or equitable
obligation" can include no gratuity. A mere
gratuity can certainly never be an obligation.
Mr. TOOMBS. Probably I might make the
gentleman agree with me—for we are at the same*
thing—by adding the proviso:
Provided, It shall not extend to post-service pensions?.
Mr. BAYARD. I have no objection to the
gentleman framing it in that way.
Mr. TOOMBS.- Then I move to add to the
second section:
Provided, That this section shall not extend to post-ser-
vice pensions. • 9
I think that would be the proper term. I make
the distinction, because it is a wrong designation
to talk of a contract being apension. An allow-
ance, provided for in advance for services to be
rendered, is a contract, and I wish that kept in.
But to illustrate my view: Congress passed a
law a few years ago, which was construed by the
court; and it is a very good answer for a portion
of the Senator's argument, in which he was greatly
mistaken. This court decided that, under a gra-
tuity, a pension law to give to the widows or
children of somebody that was married at any
time, they were entitled to arrears of pension.
First, the law confined it to those married before
1794. They decided a case probably involving
two or three hundred dollars; but there was a
million under it more than he says they decided.
Congress properly overruled it twice or three
times; held thatthat decision was wrong, of which
I had no doubt. Where there is no valuable con-
sideration or no tort, where there is nothing but
a post-service pension, I do not think the judg-
ment of the court should be final; for Congress
ought certainly to keep its gratuities in its own
hands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In the fourth section of the
amended bill, as it now stands, I move to strike
out the words, " out of any general appropriation
made by law for the payment and satisfaction of
pril%tc claims;" and insert in lieu thereof," when-
ever Congress shall make an appropriation there-
for."
• Mr. BENJAMIN". I will ask the Senator from
New Hampshire what the difference is?
Mr. HALE. I will state.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzfat-
rick.) The Chair will inform the Senator from
New Hampshire that the words which he pro-
poses to strike out, having been inserted in Com-
mittee of the Whole, it is not now in order to
move his amendment.
Mr. BAYARD. I am opposed to the amend-
ment, for it seems to me it destroys the whole
effect of the bill. The effect would be-simply,
under a different form, to reserve to Congress the
right of action in each particular case. That
would be the result 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is not in order at this stage of the proceed-
ings. It will be in order when the bill shall be
reported to the Senate.
Mr. HALE. Very well; I will offer it then.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is u the pleas-
ure of the Senate to vote on all the amendments
together, or on each separately5 ["All together."]
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. HALE. I now move the amendment in
the fourth section; in lines six, seven, eight, and
nine, strike out the words "out of any general
appropriation made by law for the payment and
satisfactionofprivateclaims,"and insert, " when-
ever Congress shall make an appropriation there-
for;" so that it will read:
That m all cases of final judgment by said court, or, on
appeal, by the said Supreme (Joint, whore the tame is m
favor of the claimant, the sum due thereby shall be paid,
whenever Conjrre<?s shall make an appropriation therefor,
on presentation, &c.
A provision of article one, section nine, of the
Constitution, is, that—
"Xo Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in
consequence of appropriations made bylaw/''
In pursuance of that, it is indispensably neces-
sary, I suppose, that an act of Congress should
be passed for the payment of the money out of
the Treasury;and, therefore, this bill,as it origin-
nally went to the Committee on the Judiciary, I
apprehend, was obnoxious to that provision of
the Constitution. It was unconstitutional be-
cause it required money to be paid upon the pas-
sage of a claim by the Court of Claims, without
the intervention of Congress, and was in direct
^conflict with that provision of the Constitution
which says no money shall be paid except by vir-
tue of an appropriation ;made by law. The com-
mittee have amended the bill in this respect; but
it strikes me they have got rid of the difficulty in
form and not in substance; because, if I under-
stand the bill as it comes from the committee, and
has been now amended, there will be a general
estimate made by the Secretary of the Treasury
of how much money is necessary to meet all the
bills passed by the Court of Claims, and whenever
that estimate comes in, and Congress appropri-
ates it, they let go any jurisdiction they may have
over any particular case and give up that discre-
tion which the Constitution vests in them of mak-
ing specific appropriations for individual cases and
confer it on the Court of Claims. If they decide
in favor of one hundred bills, and if $150,000
is necessary to meet those bills, although there
may be a claim passed by that court which con-
flicts with the judgment oithe Senate, and a large
majority of them, yet they cannot refuse to pay
it, without denying the whole; because it is a gen-
eral appropriation made to meet all those claims,
and there is nothing specific about it. I am op-
posed to that feature of the bill, and I think the
Congress should retain its jurisdiction over each
individual case.
I do not believe in the great amount of injustice
which it is said we are doing. I believe that fair,
honest claimants get their due; and the difficulty
is that a great many more get more than their
due. The Court of Claims may possibly be of
some service in acting in the manner in which
they have heretofore, as a committee to investi-
gate and find out what the facts are, and report
them to Congress, and leave each individual case
subject to the action of Congress. I know that
that court have reported claims, and a number of
them in direct conflict with some settled princi-
ples of action which had been adopted by this
body and by the other House; arid we have re-
fused to pay the bills, and I hope we shall con-
tinue to refuse to do so; but pass this bill, and
that discretion, is altogether given up. You let
go a portion of that jurisdiction, of that discretion,
which the Constitution intended you should exer-
cise, and you confer it on this court. I am opposed
to it. I desire to retain in theh^nds of Congress
the jurisdiction and discretion which the Consti-
tution vests here, and I am not willing to give it
up to any other tribunal. It may be burdensome,
it may be annoying to Congress; but it is a bur-
den and annoyance which the Constitution de-
volves on them, and I think it is improper and
impolitic to give it up to any other tribunal.
Mr. BAYARD. Mr. President, if the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator frtfm New Hamp- •
shire prevails, the bill, of course, in one of its ob-
jects, will be entirely defeated. The object is to
relieve us from this jurisdiction, not on the score
of annoyance alone, as he supposes, but because
a legislative body is not competent, from its or-
ganization, to act on private claims; and yet the
inevitable result is, if his doctrinc be true, that
there can be no appropriation unless^you make a
specific appropriation for each claim. That is
what his amendment requires. Of course, in every
case which comes up for an appropriation, there
will have to be a separate motion; and the reading
of the papers will be called for in each case; and
there will be a revision of each individual judg-
ment by Congress, which is a totally incompetent
body for the purpose. Nearly all the evils of the
present system will be preserved if the amend-
ment prevails.
On the contrary, I am unable, myself, to see the
force of the constitutional objection of the hon-
orable Senator, whether I look to the precedents
in the action of Congress, or look to the principle
of the Constitution itself. Even the original bill,
I think, is not obnoxious to the objection. Con-
gress has constantly passed bills directing that,
when certain sums were ascertained, they were to
be paid out of any moneys in the Treasury not
