!,860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
;. ■ on to domestic manufactures by the existing laws, we
; ,\ll become, at no distant period, a manufacturing coun-
1 r , on an extensive seale. Possessing, as we do, the raw
materials in such vast amount, with a capacity to augment
l .em to an indefinite extent; raising within the country ali-
j n;nt of every kind to an amount far exceeding the demand
i.ir home consumption, even m the most uniavorable years,
; 'id to be obtained always at a very moderate price; skilled,
. so, as our people are, in the mechanic arts, and in every
fspect calculated to lessen the demand for, and the price
<•., labor, it is manifest that their success, in every branch
'domestic industry, may and will be carried, under the
..H'.ouraiiemeiit given by the present duties, to an extent to
i cet every demand which, under a fair competition, may
; made on it. It cannot be doubted that the more com-
; .'te our internal resources, and the less dependent we are
' i foreign Powers for eveiy national, as well as domestic
. ,;rpose, the greater and more stable will be the public fe-
; ■ ;iy. By the increase of domestic manufactures will the
. !riand for the rude materials at home he increased ; and
! 'us will the dependence of the several paits of our Union
■ each other, and the strength of the Union itself, be pro-
\ irtionally augmented."
Thus it will be seen that the former Presidents,
-Washington, Jefferson, Madison, Monroe, and
, ../'ksori, all regarded with the deepest interest
■ '•a encouragement and protection of domestic
i .anufactures; and in this respect they were cmi-
ntly wise and patriotic. In their administration
• f the national Government, they were actuated
i 7 one single object, which was to promote the
l..gliest prosperity and independence of the coun-
ty; and I, for one, am willing to follow in their
i-.otsteps, and be taught by them in the science of
t overnment. Were not Jefferson and ftjadison
r:id Jackson great and leading lights in the Dem-
toratic party? and I want no better instructors,
; id to follow no better principles than they laid
c own and inculcated. They were the friends and
. Jvocates of a tariff which would yield a sufficient
~ venue for an economical administration of the
itional Government, and, at the same time, cn-
• out-age domestic manufactures, and protect home
; d ustry and home labor against the pauper labor
Europe,and so am I; and whatever legislation
-:_m be had for this purpose under the Federal
■ onstitution, I am in favor of such legislation.
The tariff question, Mr. Chairman, has too
. -ten been made a political one. In my opinion,
ought to be withdrawn from the field of poli-
ces, and every man allowed to enjoy his own
< union in regard to it, without being classed with
c iiy of the political parties of the day. At the last
l -:.sion of Congress Democratic members of this
]'.ouse were denounced as no Democrats, who
\ ere in favor of the revision of the present tariff,
; ad of carrying out the views of the President on
i^at subject. And who has forgotten with what
bitterness of feeling a distinguished member from
; ennsylvania, Hon. Henry M. Phillips, was as-
'lied by certain free-trade members from the
L uith, who questioned his Democracy because
: stood forth with such marked ability in defense
I.'' the President's recommendation to revise the
1 ,esent tariff, with the view of raising the neces-
t uy means for the support of the national Gov-
i ument, and of giving further protection to great
1 d ustrial interests, which \vere in amostdepresscd
.adition. And all other Democratic members of
i' at House, who held similar sentiments, came in
i' i* a like share of condemnation, and were to be
load out of the Democratic party.
Here permit me, Mr. Chairman, to observe that
t lis reading men out of a party for a difference of
i olitical sentiment on any particular subject, is
ljot quite such an easy matter to accomplish. The
< .tort to do it on a recent and memorable occasion
i i the political history of the country, most sig-
nally failed; and the very men who were to be
• nd out erf the Democratic party because they
< .red to differ with the President on the Lecomp-
• n issue, were most triumphantly sustained by
; e people as sound and true Democrats. In all
litical parties, sir, there must be some latitude
> ' opinion allowed, and men are not to be made
, i square their political views, in all respects, with
. ,<>se of one man, although that man should be
t ' President of the United States.
The principal ob ject of a tariff should be for
; venue; but in laying the duties on foreign im-
t irts, such a discrimination should be observed
• lends to promote and encourage our own great
iional interests. AU the tariffs of the country,
; nn the beginning, have been more or less pro-
i .sive in their character.
a was the policy of Great Britain, in the early
1 lory of our country, to prevent the establish-
ment of manufactures—the same policy which
she has been pursuing towards British India. Ever
since she has acquired sway over that empire, her
aim has been to destroy all manufactures, and force
the inhabitants to the mere production of the raw
material. All articles manufactured in India have
been subjected to heavy duty in England, while
British goods imported into India are free of all
restriction. Machinery and artisans are prohib-
ited from going into India, and every loom is
taxed;'and the further manufacture of salt pro-
hibited from the vast salt ponds and coasts of In-
dia. At the period when manufactures flourished
in India, before their prostration through British
cupidity and selfishness, cotton was grown in vast
quantities. Enough was produced, not only to
supply the home demand, but upwards of two
hundred million pounds of manufactured cloth
were exported to other countries. But on the
destruction of domestic manufactures, the price
went down, and the quantity of cotton raised was
greatly reduced; and in many places its cultiva-
tion is utterly abandoned. No cloth is now ex-
ported at all; while, on theother hand, the annual
import of twist and cloth from England amounts
to nearly eighty million pounds in weight. The
people of India are now driven to the necessity of
raising cotton at a penny per pound, which is then
sent to England for manufacture; and then com-
pelled to pay just such price for the manufactured
article as is demanded of them by their rulers.
Mr. Carey,in referring to the altered condition
of manufactures in India, remarks as follows;
"The power of consumption is consequently small,and
the great domestic seats of manufacture, at which men,
women, and children, were accustomed to combine then
labors, have disappeared. Dacca, one of the principal seats
of the cotton manufactuie, contained ninety thousand
houses; but its splendid buildings,factories,andchuiehes,
arc now a inassof rums, and overgrown withjungle." *
* * * " With the decline of Indian manufactures,
the demand for the services of women or children has
ceased, and they are foieed either to remain idle or seek
employment in the field ; and here we have one of the dis-
tinguishing marks of a retioeession towards slaveiy and
barbarism. The men, too, who had been accustomed to till
up the intervals of othei employments, m pursuits con-
nected with the cotton manniaeture, were also driven to
the field; all demand for labor, physical or intellectual,
being at an end, except so fai as it was required for raising
indigo, sugar, cotton, or rice."
This same arbitrary and exacting spirit shown
towards India, was manifested towards the Amer-
ican colonies by Great Britain. It was her chief
object to prevent our ancestors from engaging in
manufactures at all; and in the year 1719, the
British Parliament declared that such pursuits
tended to lessen their dependence on the mother
country. The Board of Trade was specially di-
rected to inquire into the extent and progress of
the manufacturing interest of the colonies; and
owing to their report, the British Parliament passed
several acts striking directly at American skill and
industry. One of these acts prohibited the ex-
portation of hats from the colonies, or trading in
them from colony to colony, and another the erec-
tion of sliding and rolling mills and plating forges.
So great was the hostility of Great Britain to
American manufactures, in consequence of their
interference with her own domestic interests at
home, that even the great and usually fair-minded
Lord Chatham publicly declared in Parliament
that "he would not have the Americans make a
hob-nail."
The oppressive and unjust policy of Great
Britain at last roused our brave and patriotic an-
cestors to strike a blow for American independ-
ence. And when that was so gloriously achieved,
and our national Goveftment established, one of
the first acts recommended by the Father of his
Country was for the purpose of giving encourage-
ment and protection to home manufactures. It
was considered by him, as well as by the other
gieat American statesmen of that day, that one of
the first duties of American legislation was to foster
and protect the labor and industry of the country.
And under that wise and patriotic beginning,great
industrial interests have grown up and prospered,
adding to our national wealth, power, and inde-
pendence.
It is an important question, whether this prin-
ciple of protection, thus early established in the
history of the country, by the wisest and best of
men, and now become the national policy, shall
still be upheld or abandoned for that of free trade.
At the last session of Congress, the honorable gen-
tleman from South Carolina [Mr. Boyce] madea
report to this House, in which he strongly advO-
cated the abolishment of all duties on foreign
goods, and a resort to free trade and- direct-tax-
ation. Such a proposition, if adopted,^would-at
once strike down our manufacturing establish*
ments. It would be impossible for them, to con-
tend against the pauper labor of Europe. -If all
protection was withdrawn, the price of labor now
paid in our manufactories would immediately go
down to the level of that paid in Europe; and the
result would be a perfect influx of foreign man-
ufactures thrown tipon the country. The conse-
quence would be, that no inducement would be
held out in the shape of good wages to foreign
labor to seek our shores, and the downfall of
American capital. It is time enough to withdraw
from around our home manufactures the protect-
ing arm of the Government when they have
reached such a firm and permanent basis as to
bid defiance to all foreign competition. Until that
is done, let us adhere to the established policy of
the Government, abd give such protecting care
to the industry and labor of the country as is
afforded by a wise and judicious discrimination
in the imposition of duties. I am for American
legislation; such legislation as benefits our own
people, and calls forth their industry, skill, and
genius, and adds to our wealth, prosperity, and
national glory. The American people are dis-
tinguished for their great inventive and mechan-
ical genius; and I am for calling- it into full and
active exercise, as far as lies within the constitu-
tional power of the Government. And while our
vast mountains arc rich with the iron ore and the
precious metals, waiting only to be wrought into
useful and important manufactures by the hand
of American labor, I am for encouraging and
strengthening that hand by all legitimate means.
There is one branch of domestic manufactures
which in an especial manner demands the protec-
tion and fostering care of the Government; and
that is the manufacture of iron. It is needless to
expatiate on the great value and importance of this
interest. The iron ore is found in rich abundance
in different parts of the country, and of the finest
quality. Itis to bo found in the mountain ranges
of the South, as well as those of the North. Vir-
ginia can boast of her iron deposits as well as the
States of Pennsylvania and New Jersey. And it
was asked not long since by a leading paper of
Virginia, the Richmond Enquirer:
" Why should Virginia buy foreign iron ? Why should
she spend $2,000,000 or over, annually, for iron, when she
has a superabundance of it on every hand ? Why should
the State of Virginia pay three fifths of that amount, even
if a few impracticable individuals should tlunk proper, to
encourage foreign before home industry? Is it not emi-
nently evident—as plain as the most palpable truth could
be—that the gold she sends abroad is lost, while that which
she spends athome is, in reality, not spent? If she collects
it from one citizen, and pays it back to another, is she not'
as rich and as able as if it were neither collected nor paid ?
The wealth of the State is the wealth of the people. If
the two hundred thousand tons of iron, with which our
railroads arc built and equipped, were made in Virginia,
the ,$2,000,000 which we spent for that iron would now be
in circulation among us, or its equivalent, in mines, manu-
faetuies, and improvements, which would be yeaiiy pro-
ducing not only the proceeds of that vast investment, but
its increase—and that would have doubled ere this."
The iron of this country is now proved to be
most admirably adapted to the purposes of a rail-
way. It is much superior in quality, and wears
much longer than the English iron. The railway
of the road running from Philadelphia to Pitts-
burg, through the center of Pennsylvania, is laid
with American iron, and it is said that fewer acci-
dents have occurred on this road from the break-
ing of the rail, than on any other. At one time
a portion of that route was laid with English iron,
and then accidents were of frequent occurrence,
in consequence of the inferiority of that iron.
The railway of the New Jersey Railroad and
Transportation Company, running from Jersey
City to New Brunswick, is of the iron ore dug
from the mines of Sussex and Morris counties,
and manufactured at the Trenton Iron "Works, in
New jersey. No accidents, I believe, have ever
occurred on this road, which is one of the best in
the country, arising from any imperfection of the
rail. The railway of the Camden and Amboy
road, to some extent, is also of New Jersey iron
and manufacture. The Central railroad of New
Jersey is also laid with American iron, but con-
structed, I believe, out of the ore taken from the
