986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
otherwise appropriated; and they have authorized
them sometimes to be paid by commissions. All
the claims under the Florida treaty were paid in
that way, without any other appropriation than
that, when ascertained, and approved by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, they should be paid out
of any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise ap-
propriated. That is complying with the Consti-
tution. But in this case the committee thought it
wise and right that Congress should, withoutaet-,
ing ori the individual cases that come before them
on their merits, (which'fhey mean to trust, as a
judicial decision, to the court, both as to the proof
and as to the law,) have the supervisory power
of knowing, by a return of the Secretary of the
Treasury, what was the amount and the aggregate
number of claims in each year; and they should
make a general appropriation, and out of that
general appropriation alone should the claims be
paid. That certainly gives them a supervision,
which is all that is essential. It requires an ap-
propriation to be made by Congress before a sin-
gle claim can be paid. It gives you that kind of
supervision which is the only one that Congress
can intelligently and beneficially exercise.
I stated what is the fact as to the action of this
court heretofore, that it has had all the past claims
before it, as well as it will have in future, merely
claims arising from dgy to day, and that, in five
years, only $550,000 has been decreed in favor of
claimants; that is about one hundred thousand
dollars a year, or it is a little more ; if you please,
say one hundred and twenty thousand dollars. I
ask honorable Senators if, within their recollec-
tion, asession of Congress has ever passed, before
the constitution of the Court of Claims, in which
there had not been a much larger amount paid for
private claims ? I speak independent of gratuities.
Is there any great tax in that upon the Treasury
of the United States? Yet it is a very fair esti-
mate of what will be the probable average result.
To the 11th of January, in the present year, the
claims reported since the past session of Congress
amounted to about twenty-one thousand dollars.
Tile amount of those reported unfavorably I have
no memorandum of; 1 know many of them took
very large sums indeed. The Government, there-
fore, is really protected. I think, as far as expe-
rience goes, and, after all, experience as regards
legislation should be the great guide of the legis-
lator, the Government will not be injured by the
passage of this bill; and yet, certainly, i have
nfeard no justifiable complaints that cases are,not
heard fairly in that court. The party has his,
counsel; he is represented. The business is dis-
Eatched with as much promptitude as the mass of
usiness ever could possibly be expected to be,
and as it is, I believe, m any court of the country.
Xhe court has done its duty as regards claimants;
done its duty on judicial principles. I think we
have every reason to congratulate ourselves that
it was originally established. I am satisfied that
we shall have still more reason to do so if we
make Us decisions final, and only retain the super-
vision which the bill contemplates, and that is, a
supervision over the general amount that is to
come out of thfe Treasury; and not to retain that
which is one of the great evils of the past system
—the right to pass judgment upon the particular
case, and say whether we will make an allowance
for it. That involves all^the evils that arise out
of the attempt to investigate particular cases by a
legislative body, because, though the parties Would
have nominally the legal adjudication of the case
by the court, they would be withheld from the
fruits of the judgment; you would find that Sen-
ators, whet^ an individual bill came up, would
say, " Let us have the papers; if my judgment is
not satisfied that that amount ought to be paid, I
shall vote against it, though the court have de-
cided in favor of it." That would be the result,
if you retain the power of specific appropriation
for each case. I do not think that necessary to
guard the Government. I am sure it defeats the
object of the bill. I hope it will not be adopted
by the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I shall be obliged to the Senator
from Delaware, if he will tell us how large a pro-
portion of those claims which have been reported
on favorably by the court, have been provided for
by Congress.
Mr. BAYARD. Congress have paid by legis-
lation out of the §550,000 reported during the
Thirty-Fourth and Thirty-Fifth Congresses,
$283,000. The others are still pending, unacted
upon by Congress. There is a residue of less
than two hundred thousand dollars.^ At this ses-
sion there was reported to the Senate, up to the
11th of January, $20,000; and there have been
subsequent reports made to the House of Repre-
sentatives. I have not been able to get at the
amounts of those; but of the amounts hitherto
reported, Congress have paid $283,000 out of
$550,000.
' Mr. HALE. Andif I am not mistaken, of that
a pretty large proportion was in a single case—
the Reeside case.
Mr. BAYARD. That is true. ,
Mr. HALE. I apprehend, if you look at the
Calendar, you will find that Congress have refused
to sanction the principles adopted by the court
in a large majority of the cases; and I think we
sliould be very slow to*fct go our control over this
court, when they are making decisions in, as I
believe will be found, a majority of the cases 
Mr. FESSENDEN. There have been no de-
cisions by Congress against them. They are
pending.
Mr. HALE. But they have been here for years,
and they cannot get through.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They cannot be got up.
Mr. HALE. There are a good many you have
got up that you cannot pass, twill tell you one
principle that the court have decided that the Sen-
ate have decided against this session; and that is,
that where a subordinate officer performs the duty
of a high position, he is entitled to the salary of
that higher office. I understand they have de-
cided that.
Mr. BAYARD. In some cases they have; and
vet I know that at the present session of Congress
I have read one of their reports, in what I con-
sidered an exceedingly meritorious case, looking
at the whole case and the usage of the Govern-
ment, where they decided against the claimant.
Mr. HALE. Then they have decided two ways
on the same question.
Mr. BAYARD. I allude to the case of Mr.
Pleasants. This court had to dec;do for the first
time on new questions and new principles, with-
put authority of any kind scarcely to support
them. Of course, every system in order to be
developed to its full benefits, must have time.
That they may have committed errors in 4heir
early decisions, no one can doubt, nor that^hey
iflay do so sometimes hereafter. The only ques-
tion is as to whether there will not be fewer errors
committed by a court on a judicial investigation
than by a body like Congress, if it undertakes to
reserve the jurisdiction to itself.
Mr. HALE. I am not disposed to take up the
time of the Senate on this matter. I think they
understand the question. I should like to have
the yeas and nays on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. 1VERSON. I desire barely to give the
reason why I shall oppose this amendment of the
Sen a tot; from New Hampshire. I did not hear
the argument of the Senator from Delaware. He
might have given the same reason. Under this
bill, with the provisions made by the amendments
ofthe Committee on the Judiciary, when the Court
of Claims pass their judgments, and they are cer-
tified to the Secretary of the Treasury, he will call
upon Congress for an appropriation. He will
accompany that call, of course, with a schedule
of the cases, and the amounts in each case. Then,
a general bill will be introduced to pay the whole
amount. Whenever that bill comes up, any Sen-
ator who thinks there isabad case amongst them,
can move to strike it out; and then the merits of
that case will be adjudicated by Congress. Under
the provision of the amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire, Congress would have to
pass upon ear h case—f he very difficulty we want to
avoid. Congress would have to take ug each case
in its order, and pass affirmatively on"each one;
and there would have to be a separate bill intro-
duced in every case—just precisely the condition
we are nowin. Idonotthinkthatthatchanges the
present condition of things. The Court of Claims
now passes judgments, reports the bills to each
House of Congress, and each House takes up
those bills and appropriates the money, if they
think the claim is right. The amendment ofthe
Senator from New Hampshire goes to Wiat ex-
tent, and no farther; that each claim has to be
considered and investigated and decided upon by
Congress separately and apart from all the rest;
whereas, by the other plan, that suggested by the
committee, the whole will come m a batch; and
one that is a bad case can be excluded, if the Sen-
ate or House of Representatives think proper.
That will save, I think, a great deal of trojible.
Mr. HALE. The Senator^from Georgia is
certainly mistaken as to the practical operation of
this thing. As the case now is, the court reports
its decisions to the Senate, the Senate refers them
to their own committees, these committees report
on them, and if the committees report in favor of
a decision and the Senate concur with the com-
mittee, the bill is passed and the money appro-
priated. That is the present system. Now the
bill, as amended by the committee, contemplates
an entirely different proceeding. It contemplates
a passage, by the court, of a claim, without send-
ing the bill for that purpose, or the decision, to
Congress to be reexamined, but sending it to the
Treasury to be there paid at once, without the
intervention of Congress at all; and it contem-
plates further, that there shall be a general appro-
priation to meet private claims, and every claim
that receives the sanction of the court is then to
be paid out of that general fund, and there is no
schedule of claims or anything else to be submit-
ted to Congress. Congress,"in other words, lets
go its whole responsibility and gives it over to
the court. It gives to the court the examination
of a claim, and then, when it is decided, instead
of the claimant coming here, he is to go to the
Treasury; and from the returns thus made, the
Secretary is to estimate a general sum and send
it here, and we are to pass it. There will be no
schedule of the claims before the Senate, there
will be nothing by which you can tell what the
money is appropriated for, to what objects it is
to go; but we shall pass the general sum, and then
it will be taken as an approval of the whole by
law.
I have had a little experience of the manner in
which appropriation bills are construed. I re-
member a few years ago an officer of the Navy
came here year after year and asked that his sal-
ary might be raised from $1,500 to $3,000 a year,
and we voted it down every year as often as it
came here. By accident, in getting some inform-
ation in Congress, I found that the Secretary of
the Navy was paying him a salary of $3,000 a
year, though we were voting every session that
he should not have it. And I will tell you how
it was done—the simplest way in the world. The
Secretary said that in his estimates he had esti-
mated for §3,000 a year for this officer, and as we
had voted all the money that he asked, we must
have intended that he should spend it in the man-
ner he specified; and so, though we voted every
time that it came to us that we would not pay the
salary, right in the face of our votes, the Secretary
of the Navy paid it year after year, and went back
and gave the officer back pay at that rate.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What Secretary ?
Mr. HALE. The case was all investigated,
and the facts were reported; but it did not attract
the least attention in the world, because it was a
general specimen of the nymner in which our
money goes. Now, sir, I want to hold on to this
power. I do not ask that each case shall come
back here and be investigated,as is now done; but
I ask that each claim shall have a specific appro-
priation , so that if I sit here and see a claim made
that, in my judgment, I believe to be utterly and
totally wrong, I may vote against it. That is all
I ask. If the Senate see fit to give up this power,
they may do so. I prefer to retain it.
Mr. IVERSON. I think the Senator from New
Hampshire is mistaken in two things. In the
first place, he says the Secretary of the Treasury
will not send to Congress a schedule of the cases.
The bill, to be sure, does not provide for that; but
I take it for granted that when the Secretary of
the Treasury calls on Congress for a general ap-
propriation to cover the claims adjudicated by the
court, he will, of course, send a schedule of the
cases, that the two Houses may know to what
claims the money is to be applied. I will make
this suggestion to the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, that, if the Secretary fails to do that, it is
the easiest matter m the wortd for either the Sen-
ate or the House of Representatives to have such
a schedule by calling for it. The Court of Claims
certify all the cases to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury Then, by calling on the Secretary of the
