2874
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
-,The -PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
made by the chairman of the committee was made
with the unanimous consent of the Senate. The
question is therefore before the Senate, and if in-
sisted upon, the vote must be taken.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ca.ll the attention of the Chair
to another view. That report was acted on, and
then a motion to reconsider was entered. Does
that motion to reconsider take such priority that
it is in order at any time when a bill is before
the Senate? It was a separate motion. I admit
that the question, by unanimous consent, was
disposed of. A motion to reconsider was entered.
Can that motion be take up without the consent
of a majority, or a unanimous vote of the Senate?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
business now before the Senate—the Senate hav-
ing entertained the measure.
Mr. PITCH. The Senator from N"ew York
can reach his object 
Mr. TOOMBS. I say it is not good faith,
cither.
Mr. FITCH. X will say to the Senator from
Georgia, that two thousand copies were ordered
to be printed for the committee, and they do not
wartt them, but desire them to be sent to the fold-
ing-room, and be distributed to Senators.
beveral Senators. That has been already
done,
Mr. KING. I will remark to the Senator from
Georgia, that I was not aware this subject would
take any time. Before calling up this motion, I
spoke to (he Senator from Louisiana, and under-
stood him to assent to the adoption of the report
of the committee.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not object to it. I do
not care at all about it. It is a matter of entire
indifference to me.
Mr. KING. I had consulted with the Senator
from Louisiana, and I should like to have it dis-
posed of.
Mr. TOOMBS. I simply wish to state that we
consented to take up this matter on the ground
that it would not create difficulty. Here, a mo-
tion to reconsider is entered, which shows dissat-
isfaction and dissent; and now we arc to take that
up and discuss it. I say It is not fair treatment, in
view of the way m which the consent was given.
Mr. KiNG. I think the vote could be taken
in less time than we ate talking about it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
insists on taking the Vote on the motion of the
Senator from Louisiana, to n consider the vote
adopting the report of t fie Committee on Printing,
to print the majority and nunonty reports of the
select committee on printing.
Mr. SLIDELL. I withdraw the motion.
Tiie PRESIDENT pro tempore. Then the un-
finished business is before the. Senate.
WESTERN MILITARY ASYLUM.
Mr. POWELL. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate to take up a bill (tl. II. No. 334)
authorizing the sale of the Military Asylum at
Harrodsburg, Kentucky. There will be no con-
test about it at all.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, l esumed the consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee on Military
Affairs have reported a substitute for this bill.
The other day I sent up some amendments to the
orginal bill. I now send some amendments to the
substitute, to which I understand there will \jeno
objection from the committee; and then I hope
the bill will be put upon its passage.
The Secretary read the amendments: to amend
the first section of the substitute by inserting in
the fourth line, after the word "authorized," the
woids "and required;" and after the woid "asy-
lums," in the fifth line, to insert the words at
"Harrodsburg, Kentucky/' and at the end of
the section to add the following:
Provided /wither, That paid sale* be made* within  —
months from and aftei the parage act; hut said caie
i> not to take place utiles the pioperty bring at least §-20,000,
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 move to fill the blank by the
word "twelve."
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
now is on the amendment of the committee, as
amended
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate, as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed and the bill to be read a
third time. It was read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE i'KOM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Hayes, Chief Clerk, announced that the
House had passed the following bills, in which
the concurrence'of the Senate was requested:
A bill (No. 350) making appropriations for
light-houses, beacons, buoys, &c.; and
A bill (No. 500) making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending the 30th of June,
1861.
RETURN OF BILLS.
The message further announced the return to
the Senate by the House, in pursuance of its re-
quest, of the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 84) to facilitate communication
between the Atlantic and Pacific States by elec-
tric telegraph; and
A bill (S, No. 271) for the relief of John P.
Brown.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
The message further announced that the Presi-
dent of the United Slates had approved and signed,
on the 5th instant, the following acts:
An act (H. R. No. 520) directing the convey-
ance of a lot of ground for the use of the public
schools in the city of Washington; and
An act (H. R. No. 656) for the relief of Mary
J. Harris, widow of Colonel Thomas L. Harris,
deceased.
On the 7th instant he approved and signed an
act (II. R. No. 284) for the relief of John W.
Taylor, and certain other assignees of preemption
land locations.
On the 9th instant he approved and signed the
following acts and joint resolutions:
An act (H. R. No. 85) for the relief of R. K.
Doebler;
An act (H. R. No. 130) to pay the State of
Missouri the amount expended by said State in
repelling the invasion of the Osage Indians;
An act (H. R.No. 214) for the relief of Charles
W. Brooks, of New Yotk;
An act (H. R. No. 219) granting a pension to
Major John F. Hunter;
A n act (H. R. No. 224) for the relief of W. Y.
Hansell, the heirs of W. II. Underwood, and the
representatives of Samuel Rockwell;
An act" (H. R. No. 230) for the relief of Shade
Calloway;
An act (II. R. No. 233) for the relief of the
legal representatives of five deceased clerks in the
Philadelphia custom-house;
An act (H. R. No. 236) for the relief of John
Dixon;
Anaet(II.R.No. 237) for the relief of Anthony
Schlander;
An act (II. R. No. 262) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Francois Guillory;
An act (Id. R. No. 266) for the relief of Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel Martin Burke and Captain
Charles S. Winder, of the United States Army;
An act (H. R. No. 269) granting a pension to
James Lacy, of Gramgvr county, Tennessee;
An act (IX. R. No. 272) granting a pension to
Adelaide Adams, widow of Commander George
Adams, of the United States Navy;
An act (H. R. No. 277) for the relief of Web-
ster S. Steele;
An act (H. R. No. 313) granting a pension to
Abraham Cium;
An act (11. R. No. 314) for the relief of Emma
A. Wood, widow of the late Brevet Major
George W. F. Wood, of the United States
Army;
An act (II. R. No. 318) for the relief of An-
drew E. Marshall;
An art (II R.No. 340) for the relief of Charles
James Lanman;
An act (H. R. No. 342) for the relief of James
Phelan;
An act (H. R. No. 344) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Sylvester Day, late a sur-
geon in the United States Army;
An act (H. R. No. 349) for the relief of Peter
Rogcrson 6c flon, of St. John's, Newfoundland,
owners of the Butish brig Jessie;
An act(H.R.No.393) granting an invalid pen-
sin to Nathan Randall;
An act (H. R. No. 528) for the relief of Beda
Hayes, widow of Dudley Hayes, of Granby,
Hartford county, Connecticut;
An act (H. R. No. 600) for the relief of the
children and heirs of Alexander Montgomery;
An act (H. R. No. 627) for the relief of the
widow and other heirs of William Higgins, de-
An act (H. R. No 680) for the relief of Gott-
lieb Scheerer;
An act (H. R. No. 370) for the relief of Israel
Johnson;
An act (H. R. No. 764) to change the times
for holding the terms of the district courts of the
United States for the northern districtof Alabama;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 32) for the re-
lief of Henry Woods; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 34) for the re-
lief of John T. Robertson of Virginia.
And on this day he approved and signed the
following acts:
An act (H. R\ No. 89) to liquidate the unad-
i justed contracts of the Tennessee river improve-
1 ment; and
An act (H. R. No. 317) for the relief of Smith
& Hunt, of Toledo, Ohio.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 501) making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1861.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is/on concurring in the following amendment,
n/ade as in Committee of the Whole:
Skc.—. JintJ he it /wither enacted, That the contract
made with G.Ucs & Seaton, muter the nineteenth section
of the "Act making appi epilations tor s-miihy civil ex-
penses of the Government loi the yea? ending the 30th oi
June, appioveil the Hth of June. the pub-
lication of a containation ot the Auwuean State P.ipn •>. bo
s>o modified a;- to lequire the publediei*. to defray ail the
expense?, oi selecting, compiling, and .uiangiiig !h<' docu-
ments pioper to he included ln'thal woik; also, the ex-
penses of binding, and of all engraving on copper. «-teeJ,
and wood, and !'or lithographnifr. which ma> be eon-idmed
neeessaiy by the Secretary of'the Senate and Cletk of the
House of Representative*., together with the expense oi
piepainig full and piopei indexes i<n each volume, ami a
geneial index ot the whole woik, including the \olumes
contained m th" tii-t bene.-., and all other contingent or in-
cidental expense^ whaiM>'-\ci attending mh.!i publication ;
and, moreover, that the puce to he allowed to the publiMi-
er< lor r-aid woik «ball be riiteen per cen-t. le^s p< r volume
than the average p.ice per volume paid for the fir^t scijea
of the same, punted undei the act of Maich 0, Ifc'tt; and
the <-aul volume?, --hall be deliveied to the Secjetaiv of the
Interior a-> the same mav he completed, who  hail place
three hnndied copies m the Department of rotate rbi it- u?e,
, and for exchange with foreign Governments, and sewn
! hundied copies in his own Depmtmerit, lor di<tiibution to
: public Minnies in the seveial States and Uertitoue?, and
! hold the fe.Mduc of th<- copies in lib eu-fodv, Mibf.x-f to the
i fiirthei otdei of Congiess Arid lhe SeciCtaty of iheTieas-
: in\ is heroin duected to pay the publishers of the said
j work, at the Kite pei volume above mentioned, out of any
i money m the Treiwuy not otherwit-o uppropiluted, as the
j same may be delivered to the riecietary ot the Interior, and
, on his ceiUticate ot dehveiv; and so much ot the aime-aid
| nineteenth -ection of the act ol June 12, 1808. as i- incon-
| Ms-tent with tins act he, and the i-amo is hereby, repealed.
j Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, I objected to
lj this amendment on the ground that it added im-
i] mensely to the profits on what I consider a mure
job created by the law of 1858, which were nl-
leody enormous. I would not repeat what I said
on that occasion if I did not believe that there
were Senators now present who had not heard
what I said on the subject. I shall make a very
biief statement of facts, and if I err in my state-
ment, I will appeal to the Senator from Indiana
to correct me, in ordei that the time of the Senate
; may be saved.
i The Senate, about two years since, by an amend-
j ment, placed on a regular appropriation lull, with-
j out any report from a committee, and without any
j estimate, authorized a contract with Gaks&Sea-
j ton to publish a certain number of the continua-
j tion of the State Papers for the sum of §3-10,000.
j They were to publish what they thought neees-
! saiy for that sum. The original proposition was
i to make the compensation the same as that which
had been paid to Gales & Seaton for a pievious
publication. Objection was made in the S< nate
to this amendment, which was in the form of a
distinct section, on the giound that it did not ema-
nate from any committee <md was not based upon
any estimate. Tlmt objection was overruled on
the ground—I might say the pn-text—that, al-
though it authorized a contract fui £,340,000, it
did not involve any appropriation. On the mo-
