1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Treasury, by a simple resolution of either House,
we can get every case that "the court has adjudi-
cated; and then each gentleman can look for him-
self, and decide which cases are bad, and which
good, and he can move to exclude the bad ones.
So there i's no difficulty on that score. The Sena-
tor says that now, cases adjudicated by the Court
of Claims are referred to our committees, and
there undergo investigation. The Senator is mis-
taken about that. The law which established the
Court of Claims provides for no such proceed-
ing. It provides that every bill reported by the
Court of Claims shall go on the Calendar, and be
considered and decided without any investigation
by a committee of this body.
Mr. HALE. Are they not referred as a matter
of fact?
Mr. IVERSON. The committees do not now
investigate claims coming from the Court of
Claims. It is true, that, at the commencement of
the session, all the reports of the court, both favor-
able and adverse, were referred to the Committee
on Claims; but, on full consideration and investi-
gation of the whole subject, they came to the con-
clusion that it was an improper proceeding, and
all the cases have been brought back by the com-
mittee and put on the Calendar, without any ex-
pression of opinion on their part in a single in-
stance. It seems to me thftt the Senator is mis-
taken in that respect.
If the bill passes in its present shape, as re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee, whose amend-
ments have been agreed to by the Senate, there
will be no difficulty; because if there be a bad
case amongst the aggregate, any Senator or Rep-
resentative can move to strike it out. Then there
is the decision of the Court of Claims, with a full
report of the proceedings, the arguments of coun-
sel, the briefs, the testimony, the decision of the
court itself, giving its reasons—all can come in
review by the two Houses, and any improper
case may be stricken from the list, and the Secre-
tary will pay the balance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very clear, Mr.
President, that something ought to be done in
reference to the Court of Claims, and it makes
very little difference to me whether the courfbe
abolished, or whether we try to improve it. The
object of the establishment of the court was to
have cases investigated in some proper and legal
manner, that Congress might in some way-get at
the true facts, and not be obliged to rely, as it
always had done before, on ex parte testimony
alone, by means of which many very bad claims
had been got through Congress. But, sir, owing
to the fact that we gave the court no final juris-
diction, we accomplished that purpose, and that
alone, in a certain number of cases; but we did not
accomplish another object, and that was to rid
Congress of that which consumed so great an
amount of time and labor that had been expended
here m the investigation of cases for which we,
by the very constitution of the bodies, were an
unfit tribunal.
What has been the experience? The experience
hasbeen with regard to suitors, that they have gone
into the court with their claims under the invitation
of Congress, pursued them all through the court
at very great expense, and to their very great
annoyance, (as all law suits are,) and then the
reports are made to Congress, not to be adopted
by Congress as a matter of course, or even adopted
upon consideration; but for a considerable period
they went to the Committee on Claims—they did
while I was a member of that Committee, and
have been so referred since. The committee ordi-
narily found that the decisions were correct and
reported them back with a recommendation that
the bills should pass. But, sir, after having in-
vited claimants to go into this court, after they
had gone through the court, obtained its decision
and a report from the Committee on Claims, each
member of the Senate in this body considered
himself at liberty to contest the claim just as much,
if he did not like the decision, as he would have
contested it originally on his own judgment against
the decision of the court; and we all know that
whatever may be the situation or the merits of a
claim, and however it may stand, when a member
of this body chooses to contest it here, such is our
mode of doing business that it is almost, impossi-
ble to pass it.
The consequence lias been, in my judgment,
the most gross injustice to claimants. It is unfair
to invite a claimant to go into a court of your own
creation where you appoint the judges, having
the whole thing in your power, where they hold
their judicial lives at your mercy, to put him to
the expense of carrying his claim through it, get
a favorable decision by the court, and then utterly
refuse to do him any justice here. I have ordina-
rily, since the court was established, acted on the
principle that unless there was some very gross
mistake on the part of the court, such as was
manifest, I should consider myself bound by its
decision. I acted on that principle while I was a
member of the Committee on Claims of this body,
and for the simple reason that I considered it a
gross outrage and injustice to claimants, adding
insult to injury, first to refuse to pay their claims
here, and then to send them to a court of our own
creating, and when they had been at the expense
and trouble of getting a decision in their favor
there, 011 evidence properly taken by a proper
tribunal, to refuse to consider their case here'; and
that has been almost invariably our course of
practice, and that is the reason why so many
claims which have been adjudicated by the court
have not been allowed here. They have not been
acted on, and they remain unacted on to this day.
Then, sir, comes the question, whether there
is any great danger in giving this court fiaal juris-
diction? The result which we have witnessed
heretofore, will be the same hereafter, if the law
stands as it does now; and hence occurs the ques-
tion, is there any very great danger in giving the
court final jurisdiction> The bill seems to me to
be very well guarded. It says, in the first place, if
I understand it, that the court shall have final ju-
i-isdiction only in those eases where, if the United
States were an individual, it would be subjected
to #suit at law or in equity, that is, not general
equity; but, according to the principles of equity
practice—a suit in chancery—there is no injustice
in that. The case is then to be tried, being a suit
properly brought. In other words, we waive our
exemption and say we are a party in our own court
to a suit upon a claim. The court investigate the
claim and send their decision here. The law pro-
vides for such cases only—not for mere gratui ties ■
or bounties, butforlegal or equitable claims against
us. Theyare investigated; they are adjudicated by
thecourt;and they comehere. If the case involves
more than §3,000 the parties may go to another tri-
bunal—the Supreme Court of the United States—
and have a decision there. I do not see but that the
bill is as well guarded as it can possibly be with
reference to these matters. They ought to have
final jurisdiction, to a certain extent, in these
smaller cases which will not pay for repeated in-
vestigations. I see 110 particular difficulty about
it, because the court itself is in our power, and if
we find, at any time, that it is going beyond the
limits of what we think to be right, is becoming,
as we may imagine, corrupt, deciding cases upon
bad principles, we can strike it out of existence at
any moment we please; we can protect ourselves
as members of the Government, and protect the
people against any-evil consequence arising from
this court, except for a very short period of time
while we are finding it out. a
If there are no difficulties of this kind, why
should we hesitate to give the power ? The Sen-
ator from New Hampshire says, let us keep a
little power in our own hands. The bill provides
that these claims shall be paid out of a general
appropriation made for the payment of claims.
He proposes to limit that by saying that there
shall be a specific appropriation for each ease; or,
in other words, that we shall get back to precisely
the point from which we started, and accomplish
nothing; because then the debate will come up on
the appropriation instead of upon the bill itself;
and if any member chooses to object to an adju-
dication, and say that it is wrong, in his judg-
ment, he will make a fight upon the appropria-
tion; and, according to the course of business,
which we follow here, the result will probably be,
to defeat the appropriation, and let the claim re-
main where it was; thus only subjecting theclann-
i ant to additional delay and difficulty.
i If we mean to do anything, do not lefc'us ciog
j it with something.which makes the power that we
' apparently give entirely inoperative, and avails
! nothing to the claimant. Let us do the thing 111
j a mode to accomplish the purpose which wu orig-
| inallv intended to accomplish by the institution
I of this court—which was, in the first place, to
provide that claims should be properly investi-
gated by a competent tribunal; that when they
had been investigated by that competent tribunal
and found to be correct, we, being relieved of all
the time and all the trouble and all the difficulty
which arises from the very constitution of our body
in looking into such matters, then the claimant
should have his money. I think the principles
of the bill are very simple. If we mean that the
Court of Claims should exist at all, it is very ob-
vious that we oughtto give it apower which will
accomplish some of the purposes which were in-:5>
tended to. be accomplished by it originally. Cer-
tainly, in my judgment, none of them have sub-
stantially been reached yet.. I am williifg to try
the court longer under a new system; but if it is
to stand as it has hitherto stood, with no more
power than it has had, I should be for abolishing
it at once; because I think it has utterly failed—
not from any want of ability on the part of the
court; not that I think the court has not done its
duty; for, so far as I have read its decisions, 1
believe they are very sound in most cases, and
based 011 correct principles, though, to be sure,
there are some in which I disagree; but from its
constitution, as things are at present, it cannot
effect the purpose.-1 am willing, therefore, to give
it this additional jurisdiction, and try it awhile at
that. If it shall then be found to have failed en-
tirely, or the evils result which some gentlemen
imagine, as I said before, we can put a period to
its existence at any time that we think proper. I
am willing to try it still further; because 1 think
it is important to us to have claims 'figainst the
Government investigated upon'the same princi-
ples that claims between individuals are investi-
gated, and have a decision made upon them in
the proper way.
I would prefer that the amendment proposed by
the honorable Senator from Georgia [Mr. Toombs]
had not prevailed, because it necessarily intro-
duces other questions with regard to other classes
of claims. If I understand him,he is notwilling
to submit to the decision of the court a claim
which arises under a law passed after the service
t(f which it applied had been rendered; but he con-
fines the exception to cases of a similar character.
I presume he refers to a particular class of pen-
sions, which have been debated here for a con-
siderable number of years. Undoubtedly there
might be some reason for that exception; but the
reason arises not so much from the question itself
asfrom the amount it involved. Inmy judgment,
however, the amount involved ought never to
settle that question. I did not oppose the amend-
ment, because I think the honorable Senator is
extreme in his views on the subject of pensions;
and while there are difficulties of the same descrip-
tion arising under other laws, it would take too
long a time, and embarrass the bill, to look tn'em
all up and make the proper exceptions. That
will not hurt it in regard to other things, although •
I imagine it may produce injustice in regard, to
many honest claims for pensions arising under
laws passed since the service was rendered. I
know the Senator looks on them all as mere gra-
tuities; and, therefore, thinks they ought to be
excluded. I presume that is his principle. The
jurisdiction of the court under this bill will extend
'to cases arising at law and in equity. The cases
excepted by his amendment arise under law,
though the law was passed after the service was
rendered. Tt, might have been a gratuity at. the
time; but the question, as a gratuity, was to be
considered, I think, rather at the time the law was
passed. The amendment to which I allude, in-
troduced into the bill a principle not legal; but I
shall not object to it further. I merely wished to
show that I did not agree to that amendment.
Mr. HALE. It seems that I was not mistaken
in regard to the course of proceeding in relation
to those claims until very lately. It seems the
Committee on Claims have now adopted a differ-
ent plan. Heretofore, they have always exam-
ined these cases, and I supposed now, from seeing
on the Calendar, as to all the bills "reported by
Mr. Iverson from the Committee on Claims —
so my Calendar reads—that they had considered
them, and would not make a report without con-
sideration. But, as this bill stands, we let go all
sort of control, and these claims may be paid out
of a general appropriation—a fund appropriated
before a single claim passes the Court of Claims
a general appropriation made; or, in other words,
