1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of War to place the name of Sylvanus Burnham
upon the roll of invalid pensioners, and cause to
be paid to him eight dollars per month, out of any
moneys not otherwise appropriated, commencing
from and after the 14th of November, 1858, and
to continue during his natural life.
The report was read. It appears therefrom that
Burnham was a private soldier in the Indian war,
under General Wayne, for three years from Feb-
ruary 28, 1792, and was honorably discharged.
While engaged in the discharge of his duties as
such soldier he was injured by the explosion of
a canister of jnowdcr. By this explosion his face
was burned and his eyes nearly ruined. So seri-
ously was his sight impaired that for the last forty
years he has been unable to read. He had re-
ceived no pension, nor even a bounty land war-
rant, at the date of his application.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I should like to
know from the gentleman who reported that bill
why the claimant cannot get his pension at the
Pension Office.'
Mr. SPINNER. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions is at home; but I know
all about the case. The claimant is now about
ninety years old; and the pension, therefore, can-
not last longer than a year or two.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
gentlemen that debate is not in order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would state to the
Chair that the practice is to allow these little col-
loquies, as objection may be obviated by them.
How far back does the pension go ?
Mr. SPINNER. To the time when the bill
was reported in the last Congress—December,
1858.
There being no objection, the bill was laid
aside, to be reported to the House with a recom-
mendation that it do pass. .
BERIAII WEIGHT.
A bill (H. R. No. 385) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Beriah Wright, of New York.
The bill directs the Secretary of tha Interior to
place the name of Beriah Wright, of New York,
upon the roll of invalid pensioners of the United
States, and to pay him a pension, at the rate of
four dollars per month, from the 16th of Febru-
ary, 1858, during his natural life.
The report was read. Itappears therefrom that
Wright was in service in the United States Army
as a corporal, and that owing to exposure for
want of tents and clothing he was attacked with
rheumatism so severely that Major Bayly, com-
manding the regiment, allowed him to procure a
substitute and return to his home some four or
five weeks before the expiration of his term of
service; that the term of service commenced May
19,-1813, and Corporal Wright left in the winter
of 1813-14, to go home; that Wright left home
in good health, robust and vigorous, and returned
for medical advice; his complaint was rheuma-
tism, and that it has disabled him one half or three
quarters.
Mr. STOKES, ldesire to offer an amendment
to the bill. The chairman of the committee, [Mr.
Fenton,] who is'now absent, reported that bill.
Wright is now drawing a pension of four dollars
per month, and it was intended to give by this
bill an additional four dollars per month. I want
to insert the words " in addition to the pension he
is now receiving." It was intended by the last
Congress to give this man eight dollars per month,
but by mistake lie only got four dollars. When
the chairman of the cummittee reported this bill he
intended to have inserted the word "additional."
I hope the committee will agree to the amendment.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I ask the gentleman
from Tennessee how he knows it was the inten-
tion of the last House to give this man eight dol-
lars per month, instead of four dollars?
Mr. STOKES. I was informed of that fact by
the chairman of the committee. It is a very clear
case, and there is no question about it. I move
to amend the bill by inserting the words " in ad-
dition to the pension he is now receiving."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was laid aside, to be rc-
rted to the House with a recommendation that
po:
it do pass.
ZINA WILLIAMS.
A bill (H. R. No. 386) for the relief, of Zina
Williams.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I would like to know
what time the pension commences in that case?
The CHAIRMAN. In 1858.
Mr. JONES. I would like to know how the
affidavits in these cases are verified-, whether they
arc simple affidavits without any verification show-
ing that they were taken before competent officers?
The CHAIRMAN. Is there any objection to
the bill?
Mr. JONES. Unless the question be answered,
1 will object.
Mr. STOKES. I do not recollect having seen
any case before the committee on which the affi-
davits were not made before some competent offi-
cer, and were not certified by a court or county
clerk. They are generally certified according to
law.
I will also state this other fact: when this case
came up in the committee, it appeared that this
claimant could not get his pension at the Pen-
sion Office from the fact of some technicality in
the law. In cases where the proof is clear that
the claimant rendered the service and received the
wound or injury while in the line of his duty,
pensions are refused, because of the absence of the
testimony of some officer or surgeon. But when
such cases come before the committee and are
clearly established, the committee recommends
the passage of bills granting pensions. I have
no question as to the merits of this particular
case.
Mr. JONES. I object to the bill. I believe in
a general law. If one man is to be put on the
pension roll for getting a little sick when he was
fighting, I think others ought to be pensioned too.
SAMUEL GOODRICH, JR.
A bill (H. R. No. 387) for the relief of Samuel
Goodrich, jr. [Objected to by Mr. Jokes.]
Mr. SPINNER. We had better rise, for it
seems to be the determination of gentleman to
object to every bill. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. FLORENCE. I think we had better rise.
One objection has had the effect to prevent almost
any of the bills being reported to the House. I
trust we will in the House adopt, by unanimous
consent, a rule that five shall be required to object.
The motion was agreed to.
, The committee rose; and Mr. Stanton having
taken the chair as Speakerpro tempore, Mr. Davis,
of Indiana, reported, that, the Committee of the
Whole House had, according to order, had the
Private Calendar generally under consideration,
and directed him to report to the House bills and
joint resolutions of the following titles, with the
recommendation that they do pass withoutamend-
ment:
A bill (H. R. No. 373) for the relief of William
Hutchinson;
A bill (H. R. No. 374) for the relief of the
Missionary Society of the Methodist Episcopal
Church;
An act (S.No.56) for the relief of Richard W.
Meade;
A resolution (S. No. 7) for the relief of the
legal representatives of John A. Frost, deceased;
A resolution (S. No 16) authorizing Captains
William L. Hudson and Joshua R. Sands to ac-
cept certain testimonials awarded to them by the
Government of Great Britain;
An act (S. No. 57) for the relief of David D.
Porter;
A bill (H. R. No. 214) for the relief of David
V. Whiting;
A bill (H. R. No. 384) for the relief of Charles
W. Brooks, of New York; and
A bill (H. R. No. 384) for the relief of Sylvanus-
Burnham.
That it had directed him to report to the House
a bill (H. R. No. 385) granting an invalid pension
to Beriah Wright, of New York, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, with an amendment;
and that it also had directed him to report back
House bill No. 37G, providing for the examina-
tion of claims for Indian depredations in the Ter-
ritory of New Mexico, with the recommendation
that it be referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the Housego
into a Committee of the Whole House; but be-
fore we take the question on that motion, I hope
that a rule will be adopted that it shall take five
members to object before a bill cum be prevented
from being reported to the House. As it is now,
a single objection in committee, for whatever cause,
is fatal to a bill. ' ; -
Mr. GARTRELL. I object to debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I trust that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania will withdraw
his motion, and let us dispose of the bills already
reported.
Mr. FLORENCE. I withdraw the motion for
that purpose. I must say, however, that there
is no use in having a Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, if all its cases upon the Private Calendar
are to be objected to.
_ Mr. TAPPAN. I suggest that the bills be con-
sidered en masse, except the bill reported for ref-
erence to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, which may be considered byitself.
There was no objection.
The amendment reported was agreed to. The
House bills were severally ordered to beengrossed,
and read a third time; and they were accordingly
engrossed, read the third time, and passed; and
the Senate bills and joint resolutions were sev-
erally ordered to be read a third time; and they
were accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bills and joint resolutions were passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to/'
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Stanton
in the chair.) House bill No. 376, providing for
the examination of claims for Indian deprecations
in the Territory of New Mexico, has been report-
ed, with the recommendation that it be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. EDWARDS. The bill relates strictly to pri-
vate claims, and I trust that it will not be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, but that it will be put on its passage
It provides a mode for the ascertainment of the
extent of certain claims. The gentleman who has
charge of the bill is not present in the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. That bill would
have been objected to in committee if it had not
been the understanding that the bill should be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. That was the condition on which
it was brought into the House. If I had charge
of the bill, and desired its speedy passage, I would
certainly prefer that it should be referred to the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
Mr. HOUSTON. I make the point of order
that, as the bill makes an appropriation, it must
have its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole. It must, therefore, go to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, or to a
Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. EDWARDS. I do not object to the bill
being recommitted to a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I do not object to
that.
Mr.HOUSTON. If the gentleman really wants
the bill to pass, he should prefer to have it go upon
the Public Calendar.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand thepreviousques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. TAPPAN moved to reconsider the voteiiy
which the bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN HOSTILITIES IN TEXAS.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have laid before the House a
communication from the War Department.
There was no objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the
House a communication from the War Depart-
ment, transmitting, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives, documents
received by that Department in relation to the
troubles on the Texan frontier since the last com-
munication to the House-on this subject; which
was referred to the Committee on Military Af
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
