1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2877"
Mr. FITCH. Certainly.
Mr. TOOMBS. What guard have you got that
they "will not be all $11 50 or $1Q 50?
Mr. FITCH. That will depend upon our
clerks. The only guard we have is their integrity,
and their knowledge of the quantity of work
proper for each volume.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is no guard at all.
'Mr. PITCH. It has been found sufficient here-
tofore. The Senator from Louisiana, to-day, if
he will pardon me for alluding to private conver-
sation, suggested that this amendment did not
limit tile number of pages per volume, and that
the publishers might reduce the pages to eight
hundred.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is clear.
Mr. PITCH. No, sir; it is not. The clerks
make the compilation, and not the publishers; and
they send to the publishers what shall constitute
a volume. It is not for the publishers to say how
many pages there shall be in a volume, and they
will so tell you. But to settle the matter, here is
a note received to-day from Gales & Seaton, ad-
dressed to me, upon this subject:
" Dear Sir : We should feel obliged to you if you would
consent to fix an average size of nine hundred pages."
They suggested that it should be lower than
that; but 1 presufhe there will be no objection to
a thousand pages. They give the reason: ,
" It would pievent any possible difference of opinion or
misunderstanding between the Secretary and ourselves on
the subject."
In other words, they think the Secretary might
give them fifteen hundred pages, which would
make a very bulky volurne. They therefore want
a certain number of pages fixed as the average.
I think it is unnecessary. I have too much con-
fidence in our own clerks to deem it necessary.
Mr. TOOMBS. I wish to make a suggestion
to the Committee on Printing. I think this is not
just to the Senate. When this contract was made,
defective as it was, it did have a basis of calcu-
lating. His amendment has none, unless he does
put m nine hundred or some number of pages.
He says he trusts to the honor of the clerks. Sir,
it is tliu business of the Senate to fix the price;
and it is not guarding the public interest if it does
not do it.
Mr. FITCH. I am willing to fix it; but the
Senator is under a misapprehension when he says
that the law that we passed had a basis. There
was no basis exccpt the honor of the clerks and
their idea of right and wrong.
Mr. TOOMBS. I must correct the Senator.
We directed the rates should be paid, without ref-
erence to the volumes, according to the prices paid
for printing done for Congress. That was an ex-
press basis; but this amendment takes away that
basis.
Mr. FITCH. Here is the first law. It does
not fix the number of pages per volume. The
rate is for the work; but it is not for so many
pages per volume. We never had any chcck in
that respect.
Mr. TOOMBS. That did not make any differ-
ence under the basis.
Mr. SLIDELL. Under the printing law it
made no difference.
Mr. FITCH. Yes, in the binding. But there
can be no objection to the limitation of pages, and
the publishers desire it.
Mr. TOOMBS. It is not what gentlemen want;
but it is our duty to protect the public interest,
and the committee have not done it m remodeling
the contiact.
Mr. FITCH. Speaking yesterday of the law
now in force, I said it was almost a copy, so far
as safeguards were concerned, of the -old one.
Here is the old law:
"Sec.1. That the Clerk of the House of Representatives
hereby is authorized and dneeted to subscribe for seven
hundred and fifty copies. ot the compilation of congressional
documents prnpo>ed to be published by Gales & Seaton: j
Provided, That the documents shall be selected under the '
direction of the Bccrctary of the Senate and the Clerk of ;
the House of Representatives : And provided, also. That
the price paid lor the printing of the said copies shall he at
a rate not exceeding that of the price paid to the Pimter of
Congress (or printing the documents of the two Houses."
The same piovision and the same guard then;
and we have no additional ones now, except the
general limitation as to ^340,000.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator will permit me
to make a remark. Under that contract, as I un-
derstand, Gales &. Seaton were paid for the com-
pilation.
Mr. FITCH. No, sir; we paid for the com-
pilation.
Mr. SLIDELL. Very well. I knew nothing
about it before; but every printer knows, and as
I have already said I had the misfortune of hav-
ing found out, that to print two thousand copies
of a work costs fifty per cent, less than to print
seven hundred and fifty. Now, as these gentle-
men are on the Printing Committee—I am a mere
novice—they ought to know all about it. I assert
the fact, which 1 think I ascertained in the very
brief experience I had on that committee, that an
edition of seven hundred and fifty copies would
cost at least fifty or seventy per cent, more—1 am
speaking according to the terms—than an edition
of two thousand copies. That is what I mean to
say; but when you come to compare an edition
of two thousand copies upon an edition of seven
hundred and fifty, then there is no parity of rea-
soning at all.
Mr. FITCH. Undoubtedly. There is press-
work for the additional number; that is all.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask the Senator, if he will
allow me—I will ask him from which volume we
are to take off the fifteen percent? According to
his statement—I did not know it before; 1 trusted
to the committee—but it turns out, from the dis-
closure now made to the Senate, that one volume
cost eight dollars and another fourteen dollars.
Mr. FITCH. I estimate the average as it is
found here in the account kept by our Secretary.
The average is the language of the amendment—
the average price of the first series is the amount
from which the fifteen per cent, is to be deducted.
Mr. TOOMBS. You pay the average price of
the other volumes; but in the volumes you pay
for you do not say which volume shall be the
average. Their volume may be five hundred
pages, and the average may be twelve hundred
pages. You propose to pay them the average
price on the work, which ranges from nine and
fifteen hundred pages; and they might bring them
down to four hundred pages, so far as the law is
concerned.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator's objection is met
by the fact that the average number of pages was
near nine hundred. If he thinks the amendment
not sufficiently guarded m that respect—1 thought
it was, and the committee thou'ght it was—I have
no possible objection to the Senator from Georgia
inserting a proviso that the pages in each volume
shall average one thousand or thereabouts, wlncfe
is Iai'gc enough. No volume cxceeds twelve hun-
dred, and that is somewhat bulky.
The objection of the Senator from Maine falls
to the ground, for certainly that proviso was not
interfered with which limits the aggregate amount
these books shall cost. The only effect of in-
creasing to any extent to the publisher the price
of the work, will be to diminish the number of
volumes.
The Scnatof from Louisiana further said—
though that has nothing to do with this matter
—speaking of the clerical labor, that no brain
work was required. I do not know that we are
paying for much brain work. But certainly there
is something besides scissors work in this compi-
lation ; otherwise they could cut out speeches from
the Congressional Globe, and publish them in the
American State Papers. It requires some states-
manship, some knowledge of legislative business,
to make a judicious selection, which will give a
correct history of the Government in its finances,
its Indian affairs, its land department, &c. They
make a selection to give a connected history, with-
out that voluminous matter which accompanies
this history in the Congressional Globe and other
sources from which they derive the information.
Taking the estimate of the Senator from Lou-
isiana, then, as the correct one for clerical hire
alone, at $2 33, and the price by this amendment
will be actually reduced instead of increased.
Mr. SLIDE'LL. Then why do they want it?
Mr. FITCH. The committee want it for the
Senate. The committee ask it. I do not care
whether the publishers want it or not; they assent
to it. It was not for us to consult their interest.
We have the interests of the Government com-
mitted to our charge; and we consulted those in-
terests, not the interests of individuals. I have
thought proper to notify Gales & Seaton that this
modification would probably reduce the price be-1
low what they supposed, and ask them if they
would accept it. If they did not, it would be folly
for us to adopt it, because they were a party to the
contract. In view of the fact that they had .re-
ceived nothing—not $68,000, as the'Senator from
Louisiana says—not even k dime for the five or
six volumes completed; in view of that fact, and
I might perhaps say, what public rumor says,
pecuniary engagements pressing on them', they
agreed to it. Their pecuniary condition, how-
ever, has nothing to do here. It would not con-
trol my vote. It would have no control over the
committee in making their report. I look to the
public interest. We had petitions referred to ua
asking that money be appropriated to defray cer-
tain expenses connected with the publication of
the volumes already published. We know from
our clerks what is expected by them. They
expect, and justly expect, double compensation
while they are engaged in the compilation. If
we do not give it to them, they will be the only
officers of the Government who do not obtain it
for extra official duty. We have given it to all
our foreign employes. We have always done so.
We have done it'in the case of one this day. Our
clerks have a right to expect it. For the purpose
of getting rid of an uncertain amount which we
would have to pay hereafter, we thought it would
be infinitely better that Congress should adopt a
certainty, and know precisely what the work cost
per volume, and not be plunging headlong for-
ward in the reckless, careless manner in which
we had commenced the work. It was commenced
wrong, and we had better rectify the wrong now
at once; and if the amendment does not meeX that
view, that being the purpose of the committee, I
trust it will be so amended as to do it.
Mr. SLIDELL. I have buta few words to say
on this subject. The amendment of the commit-
tee assumes two or three facts to which I desire
to call the attention of the Senate. It professes to
impose upon Gales & Seaton the obligation of
binding these books. It directs that the contract
be so modified as to require the publishers to de-
fray all the expenses of selecting, compiling, and
arranging the documents proper to be included.
Mr. FITCH. With the permission of the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, that was not because they
were not obligated to do that before—they were;
but it was because the committee, in modifying
the contract, did not wish the possibility of any
double construction. We do not wish any man—
publisher, punter, or Senator—to suppose that,
m modifying the contract, in n<5t mentioning the
binding, we had omitted it; and that there should
be a special bill for that particular thing.
Mr. SLIDELL. I think the committee, then,
undertook a very superfluous task. The amend-
ment reads:
The publishers to defray all the expenses of selecting,
compiling, und arranging the documents to be included in
that woik; al^o the expenses of binding."
Here is the contract: that Gales & Seaton shall
receive, "for binding, the sum of $1 50 per vol-
ume.5> But it is proved by the testimony that
ninety cents was abundant compensation. So
much for the binding. The amendment con-
tinues:
s< And of all engraving on copper, steel, and wood."
Now I hate looked over the only three volumes
I have had any opportunity of examining, and
there is not a single engraving of any sort, with
perhaps the exception of some town sites, in the
three volumes. I will venture to say that in the
three volumes the whole cost of engraving, giving
the most extended sense of that word, would not
amount to $300; and if it did, it was more than
amply compensated by the space it occupied,
which saves so much composition. The amend-
. ment continues:
" And for lithogiaphing which may be considered neces-
sary bv th«> ScoM'tary of the Senate and Clerk of the House
of Representatives, together with the expenses of piepanng
full and propet indexes for each volume.''
Now, the Senator from Maine has said there
is some additional expense for that; but, in my
opinion, it is amply compensated by the cost of
composition, for all the indexes are paid fcfr as so
much matter. But I have no disposition to press
the subject any further. If the Senate isdisposed
to give Gales & Seaton §63,500 without any
equivalent, I have not a word more to say.
Mr. FITCH. I cannot permit the Senator to
close the argument with that statement. I have
shown it is utterly fallacious; and if he will be-
