2878
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Hev.e my statement, he certainly cannot repeat
that we arc giving $63,000, or $3,000, or any
oilier number of dollars. I believe sincerely and
honestly, and I do not think there is the shadow
of a shade of doubt about it, that this proposition,
so far from increasing the price to us, will dimin-
ish the cost to us. Although they may make
more money out of it, by more economical man-
agement, it wiil be no loss to us.
Mr. SLIDELL. The Senator will permit me
a moment. In making that remark I had not ad-
verted to the fact that my calculation was based
upon his own figures ;>and if he was wrong in them,
then, to that extent the addition of cost is wrong,
but no farther.
Mr. FITCH. My original estimate will not
bear the Senator out in his statement; because the
maximum of incidentals, according to my own
estimate—and 1 am very sure 1 made them as eco-
nomically as possible—would be very near three
dollars a volume; and that would dimmish the
original estimate, and would diminish the price
to Gales & Seaton eight cents per volume. They
must depend upon good management to make
money out of it; and if they can so manage as to
do it without increasing the price to us, I have no
objections to interpose.
Mr. SIMMONS. I believe I voted for this
proposition when it was up. I should like to have
the attention of the Senator from Louisiana a
moment. I understand that he made out that the
costof this compilation, clerk hire,&c., was about
three dollars a volume.
Mr. SLIDELL. Two dollars and thirty-three
cents.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is the payment the Con-
gress would have to make in addition.
Mr. SLIDELL. On the most liberal scale.
Mr. SIMMONS. Now, it turns out, on a cor-
rection of the books, that they were paid $10 05
for their volumes. Then I understand these are
to be fifteen per cent, below the original contract
price, oceording to the proposition of the commit-
tee. That would leave 55 that we shall have
to pay upon the volumes corresponding with the
others. Then, if you take the Senator's estimate—
I do not understand him to dispute the estimate
of Mr. Towers, who is a disinterested man.
Mr. SLIDELL. Not at all.
Mr. SIMMONS. He put it at $6 84.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not agree about that
matter.
Mr. SIMMONS. I take it he is a fair man.
Mr. SLIDELL. 1 am speaking of the testi-
mony before us. It amounts to $6 33.
Mr. SIMMONS. I take Towers'a estimate,
$6 64, and adding 33 to it, makes $1) 17; instead
of winch, by the committee's estimate, we are to
pay $8 55. Taking olf fifteen percent, from what
we have given them, would make 55 per vol-
ume; and taking Mr. Towers's estimate of the
work, and the Senator's estimate of what we have
to pay for clerk hire, &c., makes $9 17
Mr. TOOMBS. You are wrong.
Mr. SIMMONS. No, sir. It will cost $2 33
for the compilation of this work, and that makes
a clear saving of something like sixty-two cents
a volume, if I am rightabout these figures—if I
can get the data right. ,
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator from Rhode
Island will permit me: if he is willing to put this
at $8 50 a volume, including everything—it is a
little less than that, but I want to 'stop this de-
bate—I will agree to it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I am willing to make a bar-
gain about it in that way.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is a very public bargain.
I will accept his statement.
Mr. SIMMONS. Eight dollars and fifty-five
cents is what lie says.
Mr. SLIDELL. It is hardly worth while to
talk about the odd cents. We never discuss such
matters m our part of the country. It is $8 50 a
volume. If the friends of this measure will agree
to that, and will make an amendment that each
volume shall not be less than a thousand pages,
in ordCr to stop this discussion, I am perfectly
willing to agree to it. I assume the figures of the
Senator from Rhode Island to be correct.
Mr. SIMMONS. I say, taking that from the
010 05,leaves $8 55.
Mr. FITCIl. I have already sent to the Sec-
retary's desk a proviso which, I trust, will be
adopted by general consent.
Mr. TOOMBS. Let us hear it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Rhode Island is entitled to the floor.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have heard a good many
aspersions on those who voted for this proposi-
tion, and the committee. The Senator from Maine
said he wanted to except the amendment giving
Gales & Seaton double price for this work.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is not much dif-
ference between $68,000 and §63,000; it is just
double profits.
Mr. SIMMONS. It does not turn out to be
correct.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes it does.
Mr. SIMMONS. I heard the Senator say yes-
terday that he was notfor making a job for broken-
down politicians. Sir, I have known these gen-
tlemen a good while. I do not consider Gales &
Seaton subject to such aspersions. I am willing
to carry out this contract with them in good faith.
I think the committee have made a close and in-
telligent calculation aboutit,asfarasIcan under-
| stand their figures. It may turn out to be that
there is some little difference in them. One thing
| is certain, however, that we have made this con-
| tract. Now, the Senator from Maine said a fail
! construction of this contract was that they were,
| as I understood, to be at the expense of clerk
j hire, engraving, and lithographing. I understand
! their contract is, that they shall print these vol-
; umes in the same manner as they did the others.
| if I had made the contract, or the Senator from
i Georgia had made it, he would have expected to
be put at this same expense, so far as the work
was concerned, as before, and that Congress
would do what they did before. That is what I
call doing the same thing, under the law of 1832,
and 1 think he would. It means, if I understand
it, that they should be at the cost of all they were
put to before; and whatever the Senateand House
of Representatives had done before, they had a
fair right to suppose they would do now, and that
would include the engraving. It includes it now.
If I was going to construe it, it should be in that
way, and I believe every man would so construe it.
That would include all these expenses, and would
cost more than the committee make it. Instead
of increasing the profits fiom what the contract
was, it really takes off, unless they make a profit
by getting this work cheaper than Congress can
get it; and f presume they can do so.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, I really know
nothing about the comparative cost of this work,
(Wid I think there-are many Senators on both sides
of the Chamber who are in the same condition
that 1 am about any cost of the public printing.
I only know, that whenever any priming is done
for the Senate of the United States, the evidence
shows afterwards that we have been grievously
imposed upon, and have paid most undue profits
to the Printer. But, m reference to this particu-
lar subject, I do know that at the last session, I
think, or possibly the .session before, a contract
was made with these persons, Gales & Seaton, to
print these papers as a continuation of the State
Papers. I entertain great doubts about the expe-
diency of giving that contract to anybody, only
because in my experience m the,Senate, which is
now somewhat prolonged, I have never known a
contract to be given for public printing that there
have not been pi oofs afterwards, in some way,
that the Senators, in giving their votes, had been
misled as to the profits from it. But I relied upon
gentlemen who had charge of the subject in the
Senate, and who satisfied me that they had ex-
amined it, and that the work was then given out
at as low a rate as it could be given to any print-
ers to do the work properly and give them a fair
profit. This matter of printing, to all but print-
ers, is terra incognita. We are told, at one time,
that the Printer will be almost ruined at those
prices; and when the work is done, that the Printer
has been most lavishly enriched.
Now, I was very much struck at an extract in
a report made the other day, by the committee
raised, I think, on the motion of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. King,] to inquire into certain
printing transactions. The phrase there was
used, if I quote it correctly, in reference to ex-
traordinaiy profits made upon some of the ex-
ecutive printing, that they were abuses " necessa-
rily " resulting from the system of printing. I
saw, as all Senatois did, in the exhibition there,
that there was one branch of the public printing,
called, I think, printing blanks for the Post Office,
where there was such excessive profits that the
printers—I do not know of any interference m the
world on the part of other persons—but that the
printers themselves made it the subject of discus-
sion among themselves to divide those profits.
I advert to it only for the purpose of showing that
the report made by the Senator from Louisiana
spoke of abuses " necessarily" resulting. Why
necessarily resulting?
Mr. SLIDELL. If the Senator will permit me,
I will answer him. 1 said it resulted from the sys-
tem of electing, in either House of Congress, a
Printer on party principle; that necessarily po-
litical and personal friends would be less disposed
strictly to criticise any order that might be given
to the Printer. The Senator, perhaps, knows—
at any rate, I have found out very recently—that
the profits of a printing job arc increased in some
very remarkable degree in proportion to the num-
ber of copies. For instance: If you print fourteen
hundred copies of a document, it will give noth-
ing more than a fair mercantile profit for the
printing; but if you print twenty thousand, the
piofitsare enoimously enhanced. The majority
of the committee thought it was impossible for the
Executive to exercise any effective control over
the details of this matter; that the vice of the sys-
tem existed in the law, and the legislative branch
t>f the Government, biased by the feeling which,
as I said before, controls the subject, and with
which we arc all in some degree familiar, I will
not say how far—some more, and some less; I
am a tolerably good party man myself; but I am
not very much in favor of giving jobs to the Pub-
lic Printer, and have always voted against them—
but, at any rate, that is the vice of the system.
Therefore, in the report of the majority of the
committee, we said that this was a vice inherent
in the system, coexistent with it, and necessarily
following from it. That is what I said; nothing
more. I do not mean to say that if there were a
perfect Administration, pure in its chiefs, thor-
oughly intelligent and honest in all its subordi-
nates, every possible abuse under the Govern-
ment could not be corrected. That is the fact.
But whatever may be the Administration, I do not
care whether it be Whig or Democratic, there
will he imbeciles and rogues in public places; and
they will either sec or not see abuses, and they
will either ignore them or connive at them, and
perhaps profit from them.
Mr. MASON. I hope the Senator did not un-
derstand me as intimating in the slightest degree
that, in using the expression that it was a vice
which belonged to such a system of printing, the
committee thought it should be tolerated, far less
encouraged. I understood it exactly as he has
explained it. It is in some way necessarily con-
ncctcd with the subject. I adverted to it only for
the purpose of showing how impossible it is for
us—certainly for me, who know nothing in the
world about the cost of printing or the way in
which the prices of printing are estimated—to
know what the result will be in the end.
I have felt called upon to say something upon
this subject, because I was one of those who voted
to have these papers printed. I did so with some
concern and some reluctance. 1 felt satisfied it
was important to the country that the papers
should be printed and preserved. I was recon-
ciled to thu scheme of printing them by the prop-
osition connected with it, that they should be
printed only for the use of the Government, and
not for distribution; that no job should be made
of it, so far as members of Congress were con-
cerned. There was a limitation placed upon the
order to print, in such a way as to limit the num-
ber of copies but to those that would be useful
to the Government, and not for distribution either
to members of Congress or their constituents.
That led me to vote for the proposition originally.
As to the prices, I could tiust only to those that
i the committee of the Senate, who examined into
i the subject, reported as what should be the prices.
| I felt a little annoyed at more than one expres-
! sion that has fallen from Senators on both sides of
the Chamber; and one has been adverted to,made
by the honorable Senator from Maine, that in some
way inordinate profits were to be given to these
printers. Now, sir, if that be true, 1 can only say
that those upon whom I have relied for informa-
tion have been misled and deceived, i want the
book. I cannot tell what the prices are. I can
