1860. '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
Mr. HARLAN. Why not as well make the
United States suable everywhere, as compel the
people from every part of the Republic to come
to the capital of the nation to sue the United
States ?
- Mr. CRITTENDEN. The geiTtleman does not
propose—he dare not, in the face of this country,
make a proposition of that sort; he dare not make
a proposition that we shall pass a law authoriz-
ing any individual who chooses to make a com-
plaint against the United States, to sue it in any
of the States of this Union. If he does, I think
he will get but very few votes. This is not the
place for us to talk about the integrity of juries in
our localities, and pay a compliment to constitu-
ents. We are upon a matter of business that is
to be governed by principles and considerations
entirely different from that. The Government
cannot attend to those suits; it is impossible; and
if you allow men to sue the Government of the
United States everywhere, she will have to have
a band of itinerant lawyers traveling all around
and everywhere looking out for and watching
after her interests; and they could not be pro-
tected; it would be impossible.
But is not this better, he asks, than to force
everybody to come here to sue? If the gentleman
recollects, this bill does not force anybody to come
here—not at all. It adds one more remedy to those
which claimants already have. Now, their only
remedy is by an appeal to the justice of the ex-
ecutive Government in the administration of the
laws of the Treasury, and petition to Congress.
We propose to place another before them. We
say to them: " If you choose, you may go to this
court; you cannot be deprived of the right of pe-
tition here. To be sure, we may, if we choose,
send your petition to the court when it comes
here;" but we add to their remedy, and we give this
additional remedy on terms that are safe for the
Eubhc. We say to these people: "Youmustcome
ere to Washington; the Government cannot at-
tend to your suits elsewhere." States and nations
do not generally allow themselves to be sued at
all. They will do justice without, coercion; they
will do justice according to their own sense of it.
We now say, we give the citizen a right to sue;
but we give that right subject to all the conditions
■which afe necessary, in our judgment, to secure
the public interests. These are, to sue here, where
the contracts are generally made, where the rec-
ords are all present, where the officers of Govern-
ment can testify. Now, gentlemen ask how long
will it take to send the record from h-ere to Iowa?
My friend knows that you may have a record sent
a dozen times before you get all you want. One
record is erroneously certified; another does not
state the account in the way you desire; another
comes short, in your judgment, of stating a full
account; another introduces matter which you
think is entirely irrelevant, and ought not to be
seen upon the trial. I know all these things, and
the gentleman knows them all, I have no doubt,
just as well, by experience. It is in this way that
the public interests must be protected; and this is
extending an additional relief to individuals, as
far as it can be done, and upon the only condi-
tions that it can be granted safely, and with se-
curity to the public interests. That is the whole
of the bill.
Mr. President, these Treasury accounts are
much better settled, I think the'gentleman will
agree, before tribunals of accounts, than they are
before juries. They are frequently long and com-
plicated. In your ordinary courts of justice you
are obliged to try everything by juries. Here we
constitute a court, m which we submit to judges,
to learned men, upon the testimony of the ac-
countants of the United States, claims which in-
dividuals prefer against it. That far we may go
with safety; and under these securities we may
allow individuals to sue even the Government. I
think gentlemen will see in this reason enough,
for confining this litigation to Washington. We
had better not grant it at all, I think, than run the
hazard of granting it everywhere. The fear of
the honorable Senator from New Hampshire is,
that with all these guards, and seeing that the
courts sit at the capital, we shall be imposed
upon, and moneys adjudged away that ought not
to be adjudged. I appeal to his candor, and to the
candor of the gentleman who sits next to him,
[Mr. Harlan,] would not that danger be greatly
augmented if you allowed the Government to be
sued here and there and everywhere, where the
failure of vigilance for a single term of the jjourt
might subject the United States to great loss? I
am sure, when gentlemen consider these things
in their candor, the objections now made to the
bill will, at least, not be persisted in.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator frem
Kentucky knows that I have the very highest re-
spect for his opinions. My habitual reverence
for his wisdom induces me to distrust my own.
Bat I have not been fully convinced, by the re-
marks he has made, that the bill is right. Cer-
tainly, the inquiry that he propounded to me is
not conclusive. He inquires if I would dare to
propose to allow the Government of the United
States to be sued everywhere? Well, why not
in every Federal court where the Government
appoints the judge who interprets the law, and
the attorney to represent its interests, and the
marshal who sclects the jury ? Why not allow
this Government, that makes its own court, ap-
points its own attorneys, appoints its own exec-
utive officers, and controls the whole machinery
of the court, to be sued in every district or cir-
cuit of the United States? Is it because it is wrong
in principle to allow the Government of the Uni-
ted States to be sued, to allow it to be harassed
and annoyed by every one who chooses to insti-
tute litigation on a real or trumped-up claim? If
it is wrong in principle, it would be wrong at the
capital of the nation.
The argument, then, is not on principle, but an
argument based on convenience, merely; it would
be inconvenient to the Government to be sued in
a district or circuit court; and the inconvenience
suggested is the appointment of atroop of lawyers
to follow it around to defend the Government.
The Government already has in its employment
this troop of itinerant lawyers, as I have pre-
viously suggested. The records of the Gov-
ernment being always accessible to its officers,
whether in this District, or in the States, this
argument of "convenience" vanishes. If it is
right, in principle, to allow this Government to
be sued, then the principle is as correct in Iowa
as it is in the District of Columbia, if the Federal
courts possess equal learning and integrity. But
if the bill is wrong in principle, it ought not to
become a law.
The question being taken by yeas and nays on
the amendment, resulted—yeas 11, nays 27; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler. Doolittle, Grimes
Hale, Harlan, Johnson"of Tennessee, Sumner, Trumbull,
Wilkinson, and Wilson—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthonv, Bayard, Benjamin, 13ra«ff,
Brown, CJay, G'lingman, Cuttenden, Dixon, Fe?senden,
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I move to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and insert 
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment which
comes in before that, because ming is to perfect
the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The amendment of the Senatorfrom
New Hampshire will be~iirst in order.
Mr. HALE. As this is a very important step
that the Senate is taking, and a very new one. I
want to carry it out; and I move to amend the
bill by inserting as a new section what I send to
the Chair to be read.
The Secretary read as follows.
Jlnd ic it further enacted, That whenever any person is
sued in any Federal court by the United States, lie shall
have leave to file an offiset, and if. upon the trial, it shall
be ascertained that a balance is due him, the court shall
issue a certificate of the amount so found due Inm. and
upon presentation to the Secretary ot tile Treasury of said
eeitifieate. the amount so found due shall be paid to tile
person entitled to receive the same.
Mr. FITZPATRICK. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. HALE
bama get the floor?
The PRESIDING OFFICER
the Chair. „ T, ,
Mr. HALE. I thought I had the floor. I had
addressed the Chair, and sent an amendment to
the desk to be lead. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chntrrec-
o'-Tiized the Senator from New Hampshire to
receive his amendment. If the Senator claims
the floor to address the Senate, he is entitled to it.
How did the Senator from Ala- j
i
Bv addressing
Mr. HALE. That is what I do claim; but I
do not wish to stand here and keep the Senate
against their will. I want to discharge.my duty,
but I do not want to be offensive by keeping the
Senate here; and if it is the desire of the Senate
to adjourn, I will yield. . - -
Mr. FITZPATRICK. If the Senator is de-
sirous of addressing the Senate, I withdraw the
motion.
Mr. HALE. I have not the slightest wish to
address the Senate now if they desire to adjourn;
but I shall claim the privilege of making a brief
explanation of my amendment.'
Mr. BAYARD. Will not the honorable Sen-
ator be satisfied with a vote without discussion?
If he desires to discuss it, we might as well adjourn;
we shall not be able to keep a quorum here.
Mr. HALE. • If that question had been gut by
a Senator who had been willing to trust his bill
without a long speech, I might have listened to it.
I will give way to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 5, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. |Prayer
by Rev. Septimus Tustin, D. D. «t '
The Journal of Friday was read and approved.
APPOINTMENT ON COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. CIuam.es a
member of the Committee on Roads and Canals,
to fill the place of Mr. Morris, of Illinois, excused.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the^ Senate, by
Asbury Dickins, their Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a resolution and
bills of the following titles; in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House:
A resolution (No. 7) for the relief of the legal
representatives of John A. Frost, deceased;
An act (No. 22) for the relief of John Scott,
Hill W. House, and Samuel O. House;
An act (No. 23) for the relief of Arnold Harris
and Samuel F. Butterworth;
An act (No. 39) for the relief of Simon De Vis-
ser and Jose Yillarubia, of New Orleans;
An act (No. 5G) for the relief of Richard W.
Meade;
An act (No. 57) for the relief of David D. Por-
ter;
An act (No. 58) for the relief of George B.
Bacon, late acting purser of the sloop-of-war
Portsmouth;
An act (No. 59) for the relief of Samuel A.
West, George McCullough, Hiram McCullough,
and Charles Pendergrast;
An act (No. GO) for the relief of Ann Scott;
An act (No. G3) for the relief of Michael Nash,
of the District of Columbia; -
An act (No. Go) for the relief of Mrs. JaneM.
McCrabb, widow of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb, assistant quartermaster United States
Army;
An act (No. G9) for the relief of Livingston,
Kinkead & Co.;
An act (No. 70) for the relief of George Stealey;
An act (No. 74) for the relief of Edward N.
Kent; _ .
An act (No. 77) for the relief of Richard Chen-
ere v;
As act (No. 78) for the relief of Francis Hutt-
Aii act (No. 79) for the relief of Tench Tilgh-
man; .
An act (No. 83) for the relief of Jeremiah
Moors;
An act (No. 81) for the relief of Elizabeth M. ,
Cocke, widow of Major James H. Cocke, late
marshal of the district oftTexas;
An act (No. 89) for the relief of William D.
Moseley; .
An act (No. 91) for the relief of Henry Ettmg;
An act (No. S39) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentatives of Charles Pearson, deceased; and
An act (.No. 242) for the relief of Thomas
Brown. ,
I Also, that the Senate did, on the 2d day of
March. 18G0, order the public printing of the
l following documents:
! Resolutions of the Legislature of California in
