1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mm
know nothing about them, except from the in-
formation of those to whom we have confided. I
say, sir, with pleasure, thatl confide, entirely con-
fide, in the report that has been made to us by the
chaiiman of the Committee on Printing. 1 do not
believe he would mislead the Senate; but I believe
he would inform the Senate of those matters per-
taining to the amendment now before the Senate
in reference to this subject.
I looked into the report made by the select com-
mittee on printing, and I saw there, what I se*e
everywhere in everything pertaining to this Gov-
ernment and the expenditures of this Government,
that those who arc loudest in decrying expendi-
tures, iu denouncing and vilifying those who have
contractswith the Government, are the men disap-
pointed in plunder themselves, ninety-nine times
out of a hundred. Why, sir, what a class of print-
ers we have got about here. I do not know one
of them. 1 know the editors of the National In-
telligencer. I haveknownthemfrommyboyhood.
They have been here fiom my boyhood. But as
to the new class we have got here, look at the tes-
timony they give before these committees—a par-
cel of harpies that come to Washington periodi-
cally to prey upon the garbage of the Government,
and who, when disappointed, turn upon their
more successful fellows. That is the character of
everyone of them, as far as I can understand their
testimony, as I see it in the report of the commit-
tee. I do not rely upon that class of mere adveu-
• turers, who come here for private purposes of
their own, to mislead, and not to inform. Why,
sir, in my private affairs, as every gentleman in
his, I might have had occasion, and have occa-
sion, to make engagements for work of which I
was myself utterly uninformed; but I sought the
best sources of information I could as to the proper
prices to be paid, and relied upon them. Some-
times I have been misled, perhaps deceived; but
I must go to the source of information.
Now, in relation to the public printing, am I to
rely upon gentlemen here who get up and give
opinions derived from others? I might give mine,
I have heard a dozen. Representations are made;
parties send us printed letters to read; witnesses
go before committees: the most extraordinary
statements are made the one way or the other.
We know, at least I know, that the vast majority
who do these things are interested in printing. I
have very little doubt—indeed 1 know—that very
large profits are made upon this subject of print-
ing It may be, for all 1 know to the contrary,
that large profits are mode upon the printing of
those State Papers; but how are we to get at it?
What can we rely upon but on the reports of those
committees to whom we confide the subject? They
are responsible. I think the honorable Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Davis] took a very proper
and commendable interest in having these papers
printed in continuation, and transmitted to the ar-
chives of .the Government for future ages. I know
he took an interest in it. 1 do not know how far
he examined the cost of printing; I know I sym-
pathized with him. It was perfectly immaterial
to mc who did it; but it was material to me that
the Government should not pay unduly for it. I
remember to have been satisfied from the evidence
at that time that what was to be paid was the fair
and usual profit paid to printers.
We are told now by the honorable Senator, the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, that the
modification of the contract, as it is called, which,
I suppose, means nothing else than some arrange-
ment between the parties contracting for their
mutual convenience, is some alteration which will
not affect the prices agreed to be paid. I shall vote
for it—ignorantly>I confess, necessarily ignorant,
not assuming to know what I do not know; but
I shall vote for it on information I derive from
responsible comnntfeees of this body.
Sir, I shall be gratified if we can in some way
devise some plan to have the printing necessary
for Congress done in a responsible manner, with-
out actual public plunder. I know very well, as
other gentlemen know, that when we elect Public
Printers, as they are called, for the two Houses,
in the large majority of cases they are mere men
of straw, whose names are used to give the print-
ing somewhere else, and they derive the profits.
I do not know how it is to be prevented; but I
will go with him who goes furthest to prevent it.
I shall look with some interest to what, I under-
stand, is before the Committee on Public Printing
—a proposition to have the printing done by the
Government itself, if they can do it under any
safeguards to prevent pillage or plunder. But, in
reference to the printing of this document, the
contract was made twelve months ago, or perhaps
longer. I was a party to that contract. 1 voted
for it. I voted for it on the best information I
possessed then; and I am informed now, by the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, that this
does not increase the price.
Mr. FITCH. It does not increase the cost to
us;.but the publishers, by their own economy,
may increase the price to them.
Mr. MASON. That is what I mean. It is no
increase of the price to us.
Mr. TOOMBS. We have had this question,
neaily two hours, very ably and very eloquently
argued; and it was argued in committee. It has
been argued by gentlemen who know all about
it, and gentlemen who know nothing about it;
and I do hope that we shall now agree to take the
vote.
Mr. FITCH. I am ready to vote in one mo-
ment. I desire the Secretary to read the proviso
that I have offered.
The Secretary read the proviso: to add, at the
end of the amendment, the following:
Provided, That the volumes shall average not less than
one thousand pages.
Mr. KING. I believe, from a single circum-
stance disclosed in the investigation to which the
Senator from Louisiana has alluded, that the
profits upon these State Papers are extravagant.
It is shown that immediately after this contract
was made to print these papers, by that law, with
Gales & Seaton, they made a bargain with Wen-
dell, who has a printing office here, to print these
papers at his own cost and charge, with a little
supervision they might give to them, which I do
not regard as amounting to much, giving him
eighty per cent., and having twenty per cent, al-
lowed to them as profits, which was, 1 regaid, an
amount granted to them as a gratuity, or as a
benefit to them resulting from the fact that they
were authorized to print these papers. I regard
that as unnecessary.
Mr. MASON. The Senator will allow me to
ask him a question. Testimony is one thing,
and proof another. Assuming it to be true, then,
that those profits were to be allowed to the con-
tractors by the workman, how does he propose
to touch a question of that kind?
Mr. KING. I do not propose to do so, and I
am opposed to this proposition now, which, ac-
cording to the statement of the Senator from
Indiana, is to make a substantial reduction of the
expense. If it does that, without their consent
I suppose the Senate have no authority to do it.
I suppose the contract is beyond the reach of the
Senate. 1 would leave them to their contract;
but 1 state this as showing the extravagance of
this matter of printing these State Papers. For
that reason I was opposed to it at the time it
passed, and am opposed to it now.
But there is one other point to which the Sen-
ator from "Virginia alluded on which I desire to
say a word. He said he was surprised at this
word "necessarily"occurringin relation to these
abuses. N'ow, I will inform that Senator that
when that word was introduced into the lesolation
relative to these abuses, I moved to strike it out.
1 do not believe that these abuses are neccssary
abuses in the execution of our law. I believe
they are abuses in which there was collusion, and
m which gross injustice was done to the public.
There were contracts made by which the party
who was to do the public printing agreed to pay
large amounts of money to other parlies. Mr.
Wendell, who had the executive printing, was to
pay $20,000 a year to the suppoit of two papers.
Surely no such thing as that was the necessary
result of the execution of the public printing.
There were heavy contributions made by Wen-
dell for political purposes, which I consider cor-
rupt. Surely such contributions as those were
not the necessary result of the public punting. I
regretted to find the Senate disposed to regard
these abuses in the administration of the laws as
necessary. I did not so consider them; but, by
a majority of one1, the Senate sustained that idea.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me a
moment?
Mr. KING. Certainly.
Mr. MASON, I cannot recollect exactly the
languag«Iused. I know the impression I intended
to convey. If I said I was surprised, 1 used the
wrong word.
Mr. KING. I am not certain about the word.
Mr. MASON. 1 presume I did say that I was
struck with it at the time; it impressed me.
Mr. KING. It may be so.
Mr. MASON. I heard the views of the Sen-
ator wiien lie moved to strike it out. I heard the
reply given by the Senator from Louisiana, which,
he has renewed again this evening. It meaa&
nothing more than that the condition and. the char^
acter of the law affecting the public printing were
such that the abuses which were proven before
that committee necessarily resulted from them. X
did not sympathize, therefore, with the .honora-
ble Senator when he assumed, as I understood
him to assume in the remarks he.made in debate
on the subject,that thatword " necessarily" was
to be applied as conveying a meaning of this sort:
that it was incumbent,orproper,or nght, in some
way, that they should result. It was applied* as
1 understand the remarks of the Senator from
Louisiana, to the existing state of the laws on the
subject of public printing; that these abuses would
necessarily result from the condition of the laws.
Mr. KING. 1 did not suppose there was any
necessity for them at all; and that, if the laws
were honestly administered, these abuses would
not have existed. That was my belief: and I
think the testimony discloses that that was the
fact.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to make a single sug-
gestion on this subject. 1 have listened to this
debate with a great deal of interest. The proviso
offered by the Senator from Indiana settles defin-
itively one thing. It fixes the size of the volume.
That was necessary for a full understanding of
what we were doing. Another point only re-
mains, and then, I think, there can be no future
dispute; and that is, the price of the volume. If
the Senator fiom Indiana will go a step further,
and provide that the price of the volume shall be
the average price of the original volumes, then we
shall understand exactly what we are doing. That
he says is $10 05. That will settle all dispute as
to the future. If he will put it in that shape, I
am willing to vote for it.
I may say, sir, that I remember the debate very
well on this original question; and when the Sen-
ator fromGeorgiaoffered his amendment,because
of the absence of this data to make the calcula-
tion, I stated to him on the floor that it was ut-
terly impossible to tell what the cost of this work
would be, because the size of the volume was not
settled, nor was the price of the volumes settled.
Now, as we have got this subject up again, we
had better settle it definitively. The Senator from
Louisiana says, upon examining the aveiage price
of the oi iginal volumes, they turn out to be $10 05.
The publishers are satisfied with this. Then we
had better settle these things definitively, and be
done with it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, we have been
notified by various Senators that nobody here
knows anything about thea>rinting, and then they
have gone on to hold the Committee on Printing
responsible for not giving them that information
which, as nobody but a printer had it, they could
hardly expect the Committee oil Printing to give,
unless they assumed something like a man who
came here some years ago to have a book printed
which was called the Geography of the Unknown
Regions of Asia. Iiow the geography was writ-
ten remains to be explained, the regions being
unknown. So it would seem in relation to this
matter of printing, that those who are admitted
not to know much about the printing are expected
to instruct those wlio know nothing. From bad
pupils and poor teachers I should anticipate very
poor results.
We have, from time to time, modified the man-
ner of having the printing executed by Congress.
Wc finally fixed a rate by persons who are sup-
posed to have technical knowledge. That rate
was established when these papeis were ordered
to be printed. The contract iheiufore exists. The
basis of that contract is the rate fixed by Con-
gress. Like the Senator from Viigmia, 1 took
an interest m having the compilation made. I
deemed it necessary for the exercise of our func-
tions. 1 think it was well to order the printing
of the State Papers, the assembling of important
documents in a volume arranged according to sub-
