2880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12.
jects,in orderthattheymightbeof easyreference.
The price seemed to be determined by that fixed
for other printing. In the progress of the work,
it has appeared, a question arises as to the ex-
pense of compilation; and the whole amount of
the proposition of the committee which has been
argued, and for which the committee have been
arraigned before the Senate, is simply whether
Congress will pay the expense of compilation, or
whether they will allow the contractors who print
these papers to do it. As explained by the chair-
man of the committee, very lucidly, while Con-
gress will pay the same sum, the printers will
probably gain by the change. It has been stated,
also, by him, and I thought it was a satisfactory
reason, that it was to render an uncertain amount
certain—two objects which would seem to he,
probably, desirable for Congress in its legislation
Now, it is proposed to change the contract.
That we have no right to do. The contract is one
made between Congress and the printers,and the
change can only be made by the joint consent of
the parties. The parties have been consulted in
relation to a certain change, which the chairman
of the committee has stated. Here it is proposed
to make a still greater change. It is as though we
were making a new contract. One party to the
contract can neither change it nor make a new
one. I am perfectly willing to go to tiie extent
recommended by the committee, that these con-
tractors for the printing should become paymas-
ters, and take the responsibility of bearing all the
expense of the compilation, at a sum fixed by
past experience. Anything beyond that I will
not vote for.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I desire to ask what is
the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment offered
by the Senator from Indiana, to add the following
proviso:
Provided, That the volumes shall average not less than
one thousand pages.
Mr. SLIDELL. I am perfectly willing now
to put an end to this matter. £ am sure the chair-
man of the Printing Committee, or any member
of that committee, has no right to say the mo-
tives of the committee have been arraigned. I
think that we who have served on this commit-
tee of investigation of printing happen to know
a little more about tins matter than those gentle-
men whose attention has been occupied in other
ways. We have had a very serious burden de-
volved upon us. I am now perfectly willing to
take the statement of the chairman of the com-
mittee. lie has said the u\eiage price per vol-
ume was $10 05. I want to have this thing per-
fectly well defined. I accept all the propositions
of the committee, and I accept his statement; and
I now move an amendment, that the deduction be
made of fifteen per cent, on the average price of
the former series of these State Papers, namely:
§10 05 per volume. I can scarcely imagine that
anybody can object to that amendment.
The assumed basis is, that Messrs. Gales& Sea-
ton are willing to submit to a modification of their
contract, by which, in consideration of paying all
the charges of compilation, and the charges for
engraving,which I do notconsideramountto any-
thing at all, they are willing to deduct fifteen pur
cent, from the price which they received for the
former series. I take that amendment with the
simple modification that I accept the statement of
the chairman of the committee, that that average
price is #10 05, and I move that amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Louisiana is
not in order at present.
Mr. SLIDELL. I thought the other question
had been disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No, sir. The
question is on agreeing to the amendment to the
amendment, offered by the Senator from Indiana.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. SLIDELL. I now offer the amendment
I have indicated:
" And tUat the deduction of fifteen per cent, be made on
the average cost per volume of the first series of the State
Papers, to wit: .$10 50."
Mr. FITCH. 1 have but one objection to that
amendment. I moved the amendment which I
did, and which was adopted a moment since, be-
cause of the receipt of a letter from one of the con-
tracting parties requesting it. The amendment
as it now stands, with the exception of the pro-
viso just attached, was agreed upon in committee,
and was submitted to the other party, we repre-
senting one branch of one at all events, the Sen-
ate. He accepted it. I am unwilling to change
that, though I know that the change neither in-
creases nor diminishes anything. I am unwilling
to change it, even with that knowledge, without
the previous consent of the other party; but it is
for the Senate to say whether it shall be adopted
or not. As to the effect, it cannot be doubted,.be-
cause it is here.
Mr. TOOMBS. That being the information
we have got; that being the terms which the Com-
mittee on Printing say they have made, to dcduct
fifteen per cent, of the average, and they report-
ing to us that that is the average, it is simply the
sequence of the agreement; and therefore I can
sec no objection to adopting the amendment of
the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. FITCH. I am only speaking of my own
views. I cannot vote for it; but, of course, it is
for the Senate to say whetherit shall be adopted.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from Louisiana,
I suppose, does not want to have the average price
loss when the volumes may be larger.
Mr. SLIDELL. It has bean already agreed
that the average size of the volumes shall be a
thousand passes.
Mr. SIMMONS. You want to fix a less aver-
age price than the old series, when the average
number of pages in them was less than in these.
Mr. SLIDELL. I do not understand the Sen-
ator.
Mr. SIMMONS. Before, the average was nine
hundred pages. Now you alter the contract, and
make it a thousand.
Mr. FITCH. I think there is something in
what the Senator from Rhode Island says. The
average size of the volumes before was nine hun-
dred pages. Now the average is a thousand. In
view of all the facts, I believe we had better leave
the matter as it is.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. My wish, sir, was not
to have a single word to say on this subject, ex-
cept by my vote. I intended to vote for the report
of the committee as it was moved; nothing more,
nothing less. I regret that an amendment has
been adopted winch requires the volumes to be a
thousand pages. That may operate advanta-
geously or disadvantageously, according to cir-
cumstances.
Mr. FITCH. The Senator from Kentucky is
mistaken m supposing the limitation is precise.
That is to be the average. They may overrun it
a little, or come below it. That is only the aver-
age. The aveiagc of the first senes was nine
hundred pages; and the contractors desiie the
average of the present series to be the same, as I
perceive by their letter; but, in accordance with
suggestions made on various sides, I consented
to change the proviso, so as to make the average
a thousand pages.
Mt\ CRITTENDEN. I intended to follow the
committee; more disposed to rely a great deal on
their report than on any imperfect knowledge I
may have of the matter. I hope the amendment
now offered will notpievail. It may be a sequence
or it may not be a sequence. It is supposed so.
That is the deduction of the chairman of the com-
mittee—that is all. His deduction may not ex-
actly correspond to the results. When the rule
comes to be applied, his calculation may not be
precisely correct. I want to leave them the full
benefit of the general terms prescribed, without
any limitation imposed in any form. I know noth-
ing about printing; I know nothing about con-
tracts of this sort; but I can say to gentlemen,
that I desire this work to proceed; I think it is a
national work, involving the interests of the coun-
try. I am for it, and would vote for it now if it
were to be initiated.
I have one more word to say, sir, which is a
word that I think is due in justice to these men.
I have known them for forty years; and for thirty
years of that time I never heard an imputation on
their character or upon their honor; or a suppo-
sition that they had committed any fraud, or ob-
tained any improper advantage of the Govern-
ment. One thing we all know, that whatever they .
hav.e contracted to do, they have done well and I
satisfactorily. That much I know; and that much I
I can say in general without judging of particu- j
lars which I do not know. I believe them to be
honest and upright men and gentlemen, who,
whatever may be said of the frauds committed
by others in relation to the public printing, I am
loth to believe are guilty of anything connected
with it. I know they have done their work well
They are gentlemen, and men of integrity and
honor, and maintain,to this day,a respectability
in the press that I am sorry is not.more imitated
than it is elsewhere. They maintain the decency
and respectability and dignity of the press. There
is one more evidence of their integrity: they have
always been poor; and they have had public work
to do for the last forty years. This is evidence
wijth me, and every man who has an extensive
knowledge of life. When public officers, men
who have had the means, as modem examples
show, of defrauding the Treasury, as they have
had, are poor, and are likely to die poor, I want
no better evidence of their integrity; and I am
disposed to listen with great distrust to any argu-
ment calculated to prove to the contrary of this
great evidence. It is satisfactory to me. I shall
vote for no other amendment but this of the Com-
mittee on Printing.
Mr. SLIDELL. Mr. President, if the Senator
from Kentucky had been in his seat during this
discussion, I am sure he would have thought it
entirely unnecessary to defend the character of
Messrs. Gales & Seaton. I have not heard, in the
whole course of this discussion, one single word
whispered to their discredit. For my own part,
I have taken occasion twice to say that I had the
utmost respect for those gentlemen in every rela-
tion of life, public and social; that I had every
reason to be satisfied with their course toward me
as a public man, which has always been courteous
and fair; and so far from being animated by any
feeling against them, personally and individually,
I have, on the contrary, the kindest sentiments
toward them; and what I have done, and what I
have said, has only been dictated by a sense of
public duty. I take pleasure m repeating that
declaration. I ask for the question on the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
Louisiana to the amendment.
Mr. FITCH. I tiust sincerely that the amend-
ment will not be adopted. We have increased
the average number of pages per volume, and now
it is proposed to diminish the price. It is mani-
festly very unjust, indeed. Let it stand as it is.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope we shall take the vote.
We have praised these old gentlemen enough, and
giventhem money enough. [Laughter.] Now,
fur God's sake, let~us have a vote.
Mr. SLIDELL called for the yeas and nays on
his amendment to the amendment; and they'were
ordered.
Mr. PUGH. I have paired off with the Senator
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] in refeienec
to all questions connected with the amendment as
to the State Papers.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bigler, Bingham, Biag<r, TJooliitle, Fe*.-
senden, Fitzpatnck, Gwin, Hunter, Iveison, King, La-
tham, Polk, l\nveii, Salisbury, Shdeii, 'J^JiOmson, Toombs,
Trumbull, WiN-on, and Yulee—20.
NAYS—Messsirf. Anthony, Bright, Hi own, Cameion,
Chandler. I'hesnut, Clark, Crittenden, Davis Dixon, Fitch,
Foot, Foster,Green, Grimes, Hale, Hamlin, Hemphill, Ken-
nedy, Mallory, Mason, Nichokon, Rice, Sebastian, Sim-
mons, Wade, and Wilkinson—27. ,
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. The question
recurs on the amendment, as amended.
Mr. DAVIS. Let it be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the contract
made with Gale-* & Seaton, under the nineteenth section
oi the '4Aotmaking appropriations for Miudiy civil expenses
of the Government lor the year ending the 30th of June,
1859," appioved the 12th of June. 1858, tor the publication
of a continuation of the Ameuean State Papt-is, be .-o mod-
ified as to require the publidiets to dofraj all the expenses
of selecting, compiling, and arranging the documents proper
to be included m that woik; al«.o the expenses o( binding,
and of all engraving on eoppei, steel, and wood, and tor
lithographing, whieh maybe considered necessity by the
Secretary of the Senate and Cieik of the IIon- e of Repte-
sfotatives, together with the expenses ol preparing hill and
pioper indexes for each volume,and ageneial index of the
whole work, including the volumes contained m the first
serie^ and all other contingent or incidental expenses what-
ever attending suuii publication; and, moreover, that the
