1938
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
committed after the waters retired from the face of
the earth, the doom of slavery was fixed upon the
mongrel descendants of Ham ? If after the fi ood,
and after that decree, how idle is all this prating
aboutnatural rights as standing above the obliga-
tions of civil government? The Constitution is
the law supreme to every American. It is the
plighted faith of our fathers; it is the hope of our
posterity. I say, then, I come not to argue ques-
tions outside of or above the Constitution, but to
plead the cause of right of law and order under
the Constitution,and to plead it to those who have
sworn to abide by that obligation.
One of the fruitful sources, as I hold it, of the
errors which prevail in our country, is the theory
that this is a Government of one people; that the
Government of the United States was formed by
a mass. The Government of the United States
is a compact between the sovereign members who
formed it; and if there be one feature common to
all the colonies planted upon the shores of Amer-
ica, it is desire for community independence. It
was for this the Puritan, the Huguenot, the Cath-
olic, the Quaker, the Protestant, left the land of
their nativity, and guided by the shadows thrown
by the fires of European peisecution, they sought
and found the American refuge of civil and reli-
gious freedom. Whilst they existed as separate
and distinct colonics they were not forbearing
towards each other. They oppressed opposite
religions. They did not come here with the en-
larged idea of no established religion. The Puri-
tans drove out the Quakers; the Church of Eng-
land men drove out the Catholics. Persecution
reigned through the colonies, except, perhaps,
that of the Catholic colony of Maryland; but the
rule was, persecution. Therefore I say the com-
mon idea, and the only common idea, was com-
munity independence—the right of each independ-
ent people to do as they pleased in their domestic
affairs.
The Declaration of Independence was made by
the colonies, each for itself. The recognition of
their independence was not for the colonies united,
but for each of the colonies which had maintained
its independence; and so when the Constitution
was formed, the delegates were not elected by the
Scople en masse, but they came from each one of the
tates; and when the Constitution was formed, it
was referred, not to the people cn masse, but to the
States severally,and severally by them ratified and
approved. Rut if there be anything wluch en-
forces this idea more than another, it is the une-
qual datosatwhich itreeeived tliisapproval. From
first to last, nearly two years and a half elapsed;
and the Government went into operation some-
thing hkc a year, [ belie\e more than a year, be-
fore the last ratification was made. Is it, then,
contended that, by tins ratification and adoption
of the Constitution, the States surrendered that
sovereignty wluch they had previously gained?
Can it be that men who braved the perils of the
ocean, the privations of the wilderness, who fought
the war of the Revolution, in the hour of their suc-
cess, when all was sunshine and peace around
them, came voluntarily forward to lay down that
community independence for which they had suf-
fered so much and so Iong? Reason forbids it;
but if reason did not furnish a sufficient answer,
the action of the States themselves forbids it. The
great State of New Ycuk—great relatively then,
as she is now—manifested ln*r wisdom in not ic-
ceiving merely that implication which belongs to
the occasion, which was accepted by the other
States, but she required the positive assertion of
that retention of her sovereignty and power over
nil her affairs as the condition on which she rati-
fied the Constitution itself. I read from Elliott's
Debates, page 327. Among her resolutions of
ratification is the following:
'•That tlif powers of government may be reassumed by
the people whensoever it shall become necessary to their
happiness; that every power, jurisdiction, and i ight, wlueh
is not by the t-aid Constitution clearly delegated to the Con-
gress ot the United States, or the departments ot tiie Gov-
ernment thereof, remains to the people of tho several
States, or to their respective State governments to whom
they may have gi anted the same."
North Carolina, with the Scotch caution, which
subsequent events have so well justified, in 1788
passed this resolution :
"Resolved, That a declaration of rights, averting and
securing from encroachments the great principled ot civil
and religious liberty, and the inalienable rights of the peo-
ple, together with amendments to the most ambiguous
and exceptionable parts of th« gaid Constitution ot Gov-
ernment, ought to be laid before Congress and the con-
vention of the States that shall or may be called for the
purpose of amending the said Constitution, for their con-
sideration, previous to the latifieation of the Constitution
aforesaid on the part of the State of North Carolina."
And in keeping with this, North Carolina with-
held her ratification; she allowed the Government
to be formed with the number of States which
was required to put it in operation, and still she
remained out of the Union, asserting and recog-
nized in the independence which she had main-
tained against Great Britain, and which she had
no idea of surrendering to any other power; and
the last State which ratified the Constitution long
after it had in fact gone into effect, Rhode Island,
in the third of her resolutions, says:
"irr. That the powers of Government may be reas-
sumed by the people whensoever it shall become necessary
to their happiness. That the rights of the States respect-
ively to nominate and appoint all State officers, and every
other power, jurisdiction, and right, which is not by the
said Constitution clearly delegated to the Congress of the
United States, or to the departments ofGovornment thereof,
remain to the people of the several States, or their respect-
ive State governments to whom they may have granted the
same."
Here the use of the phrase "State governments''
shows how utterly unwarrantable the construc-
tion has been, to say that the reference here was
to the whole people of the States—to the people
of all the States—and not to the people of each of
the States severally.
I spoke, however,Mr. President, but a moment
ago, of the difference of policies, products, popula-
tion , constituting the great motive for the union. It
indeed was its necessity. Had all thepeoplebeen
alike—had their institutions all been the same—
there would have been no interest to bring them
together; there would have been no cause or ne-
cessity for any rcstraintbeingimposcdupon them.
It was the fact that they differed which rendered
it nccessary to have some law governing their in-
tercourse. It was the fact that their products were
opposite—that their pursuits were various—that
rendered it the great interest of the people that
they should have free trade existing among each
other; that free trade which Franklin character-
ized as being between the States such as existed
between the counties of England.
Since that era, however, a fiber then unknown
in the United States, and the production of which
is dependent upon the domestic institution of
Afiican slavery, has come to be cultivated in
such amounts, to enter so into the wearing ap-
parel of the world, so greatly to add to the com-
fort of the poor that it may be said to-day that
that little fiber, cotton, wraps the commercial
world and binds it to the United States in bonds
to keep the peace with us which no Government
dare break. It has built up the northern States.
It is their great manufacturing interest to-day. It
supports their shipping abroad. It enables them
to purchase in the market of China, when the
high premium to be paid on the milled dollar
would otherwise cxclude them from that market.
These are a part of the blessings resulting from
that increase and variety of product which could
not have existed if we had all been alike; which
would have been lost to-day unless free trade be-
tween the United States was still preserved.
And hero it strikes me as somewhat strange,
that a book recently issued has received the com-
mendation of a large number of the representa-
tives of the manufacturing and commercial States,
though, apart from its falsification of statistics and
low abuse of southern States, institutions, and in-
terests, the great feature which stands prominently
out from it is the arraignment of the South for using
their surplus money m buying the manufactures
of the North. How a manufacturing and commer-
cial people can be truly represented"by those who
would inculcate such doctrines as these, is to me
passing stidiigc. Is it vain boasting which ren-
ders you anxious to pioclaim to the world that
wo buy our buckets, our rakes, and our shovels
from you? No, there is too much good sense in
the people for that; and therefore I am left at a
loss to understand the motive, unless it be that
deep-rooted hate which makes you blind to your
own interest when that interest is weighed in the
balance with the denunciation and detraction of
your brethren of the South.
The great principle which lay at the foundation
of this fixed standard, the Constitution of the
United States, was the equality of rights between
the States. This was essential; it was necessary;
it was a step which had to be taken first, before
any progress could be made. It was the essential
requisite of the very idea of sovereignty in the
State; of a compact voluntarily entered into be-
tween sovereigns; and it is that equality of right
under the Constitution on which we now insist.
But more, when the States united they trans-
ferred their forts, their armament, their ships, and
their right to maintain armies and navies, to the
Federal Government. It was the disarmament of
the States, under the operation of a league which
made the warlike operations, the powers ofdefen se,
common to them all. Then, with this equality of
the States, with this disarmament of the States, if
there had been nothing in the Constitution to ex-
press it, I say the protection of every constitutional
right would follow as a necessary incident, and
could not be denied by any one who could under-
stand and would admit the true theory of such a
Government.
Wc claim protection, first, because it is our
right; secondly, because it is the duty of the Gen-
eral Government; and thirdly, because we have
entered into a compact together, which deprives
each State of the power of using all the means
which it mightemploy for its own defense. This
is the general theory of the right of protection.
What is the exception to it? Is there an excep-
tion? If so, who made it? Does the Constitution
discriminate between different kinds of property ?
Did the Constitution attempt to assimilate the
institutions of the different States confederated
together? Was there a single State in this Union
that would have been so unfaithful to the princi-
ples which had prompted them in their colonial
position, and which had prompted them at a still
earlier period, to seek and try the temptations of
the wilderness-—is there one which would have
consented to allow the Federal Government to
control or to discriminate between her institutions
and those of her confederate States?
But if it be contended that this is argument,
and that you need authority, I will draw it from
the fountain; from the spring before it had been
polluted; from the debates in the formation of the
Constitution; from the views of those who at
least it will be admitted understood what they
were doing. Mr. Randolph, it will be recollected,
introduced a projet for a Government, consist-
ing of a series of resolutions. Among them was
one which proposed to give Congress the power
" to call forth the force of the Union against any
member of the Union failing to fulfill its duty under
the articles thereof." That was, to give Con-
gress the power to coerce the States; to bring the
States into subjection to the Federal Government.
Now, sir, let us see how th?.t was treated; and
first I will refer to one whose wisdom, as we take
a retrospective view, seems to me marvelous.
Not conspicuous in debate, at leastnotamong the
names which first occur when we think of that
bright galaxy of patriots and statesmen, he was
the man who, above all others, it seems to me,
laid his finger upon every danger, and indicated
the course which that danger was to take. I refer
to Mr. Mason,
" Mr. Mason observed, not only that the present Confed-
eration was deficient m not providing for coercion and
punishment against delinquent States, but argued very co-
gently that punishment could not, in the nature of thing-?,
be executed on the States collectively; and,therefore, that
such a Government was necessary as could directly operate
on individuals, and would punish those only whose guilt
required it."—-Elliott's Debates, vol. 5, page 133.
Mr. Madison, who has been called sometimes
the father of the Constitution, upon the same
question, said:
"A union of the States containing such an ingredient
seemed to provide fonts own destruction. The useof 1'oice
again ft a State would look moie like a declaration of war
than an infliction of punishment, and would probably be
considered by the party attacked as a dissolution of all
previous compacts by which it might be bound."
Mr. Hamilton, who, if I were to express a judg-
ment byway of comparison, I would say was the
master intellect of the age in which he lived; whose
mind seemed to penetrate profoundly every ques-
tion with which he grappled, and who seldom
failed to exhaust the subject which he treated—•
Mr. Hamilton, in speaking of the various powers
necessary to maintain a Government, came to
clause four:
"4. Force, by which may be understood a coercion of
laics, or coercion of arms. Congress have not the former,
except in lew cases. In particular States, this coeicion
is neatly buflicient; though he held it, lri roost cases, not
