994
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Mr. CRAWFORD. Very well; I want the
yeas and nays.
Mr. BARKSDALE. If the motion of the gen-
tleman from Georgia prevails, the gentleman from
Kentucky can then offer his resolution as an in-
dependent proposition.
Mr. HOUSTON. I call for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I am not particular about
having the yeas and nays on the motion to lay on
the table. All I want is a vote on the motion.
Mr. CLEMENS. Very well; I will call for
tellers on the question.
Tellers "were ordered; and Messrs. Eliot, and
Anderson of Missouri, were appointed.
The House proceeded to divide.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to state that the
gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Avery] has al-
ready sent resolutions to the- table; and if the
motion of the gentleman from Georgia prevails,
they will be ottered as an independent proposi-
tion, and the same resolution can be adopted as
was adopted by the last House of Representatives.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, but that system has
failed entirely.
Mr. BARKSDALE. , I demand the yeas and
nays on themotion of the gentleman from Georgia.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays have been
already refused.
Mr. FLORENCE. No; the demand was with-
drawn .
Mr. BARKSDALE. If the Speaker is right,
I call for tellers on the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. It is too late. The question
has been decided.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I do not understand that
the yeas and nays have been refused on the mo-
tion of the gentleman from Georgia.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has decided that
they were refused.
Mr. BARKSDALE. My recollection is that the
demand for the yeas and nays was withdrawn.
The SPEAKER. The yeas and nays were
certainly refused on the motion of the gentleman
from Georgia.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I withdraw my motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. AVERY. I rise to a question of order.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I move that the resolu-
tion*bo laid upon the table; and on that motion I
call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. AVERY. I rise to a point of order; and
my point of order is this: I understand that the
Chair has decided that the gentleman from Vir-
ginia [Mr. Millson] was entitled to the floor upon
the ground that the resolution lie offered was priv-
ileged in its character. That resolution is, that
this House shall proceed to tile election of a Chap-
lain. I submit, if it be a privileged question to
move to elect a single Chaplain for the whole ses-
sion, that it is equally a privileged question to
move that we proceed to adopt a resolution in-
viting the ministers of the several religious denom-
inations of this city to alternate in opening this
House with prayer. I think so.
The SPEAKER. That question does not, nor
can it now, arise.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I insist on the yeas and
nays on my motion.
Mr. MILLSON. I hope that the gentleman
■will be indulged with the yeas and nays on his
proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I want the House to
know that I am in favor of the proposition indi-
cated by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Avert.]
Several Members on the Democratic benches.
And so are we!
The resolution was again read.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the resolution
indicated by my colleague be read to the House
for information.
Mr. THEAKER objected.
Mr. MAYNARD. Can a single objection avail
to prevent its being read, when we are called to
determine how we shall vote on this question?
Whenthe'Houseisdivided between the resolution
of the gentleman from Virginia, and the one sug-
gested by my colleague, has not the House a right
to have them both read?
The SPEAKER. The proposition of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee is not before the House.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I wish to say to the House
that the proposition of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee is the one that was adopted by the House
of Representatives of the last Congress.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 116; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Barrett,
Bocock, Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Carey, John B.
Clark, Clopton, Cobb, Burton Craige, Crawford,. Cuiry,
Davidson, John G. Davis, Fouke, Gartrell, Hardeman, John
T. Harris, Hill, Hohnan, ftouston, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones,
Larrabee, JamesM. Leach,Logan, Love, JElbertS.Martin,
Maynard, McOleniand, McQueen, Mcltae, Miies, Mont-
gomery, Sydenham Moore, Noell, Pendleton, Peyton,
Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Reagan, James C. Robinson, Ruffin,
William Smith, William N. Jrl. Smith, Spinner, James A.
Stewart, Taylor. Thomas, Underwood, Vance, Waldron,
Whiteley, Winslow, and Wright—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams,
Adrain, Aldrich, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, William C.
Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brabson,
Brayton, Briggs, Bristow, Buffinton, Burnham, Burroughs,
Case, Clemens, John Cochrane, Oolfax, Conkling, Corvvin,
Covode, James Craig, Curtis, H. Winter Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Dueli, Dunn, Eliot, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Ferry,
Florence, Foster, French, Gilmer, Gooch, Grow, Hale, Hall^
J. Morrison Harris, Haskiu, Hatton, Helmick, Hickman,
Hoaid, Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchins, Irvine, Junkm, Fran-
cis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, DeWittC. Leach, Leake,
Lee, Lovejoy, Maclay,Mallory,Marston, Charles D. Martin,
McKean, McKnight, McPherson, Milison, Mill ward, Laban
T. Moore, Moorhead, Morrill, Edwaid Joy Moriis, Morse,
Nelson, Nibiack, Nixon, Olin, Perry, Porter, Potter, Pottle,
Reynolds, Rice, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz,
Sedgwick, Sherman, Simms, Somes, Spaulding. Stanton,
Stevens, Stevenson, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Strat
ton, Tappan, Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins,Train,Trimble,
Vandever, Van Wvck, Walton, CadwaladerC. Washburn,
Ellihu B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson,
and Woodruff—116.
So the House refused to lay the resolution upon
the table.
Pending the above call,
Mr. COX said he was paired with his colleague,
Mr. Edgerton, and though in doubt whether that
pair extended to this question, he preferred not
to vote.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that he was
paired with Mr. Verree until next Monday.
Mr. GRAHAM stated that he was paired with
Mr. Dimmick.
Mr. ENGLISH stated that he was paired with
his colleague, Mr. Kilgore, for two hours.
Mr. HINDMAN stated that he was paired
with Mr. Killxnger for to-day and to-morrow;
and that if he wore allowed to vote he would vote
in the affirmative.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois, stated that on this
question he was paired with Mr. Ely; and that
if he were at liberty to vote he would vote in the
affirmative.
Mr. MAYNARD stated that his colleague, Mr.
Q-uarles, was called home, and was paired with
Mr. pETTITt
Mr. JOHN" COCHRANE stated that Mr.
Sicki.es was paired with Mr. Fenton until next
Monday.
Mr. HOWARD stated that he was not within
the bar when his name was called, and asked the
unanimous consent of the House for leave to vote.
Mr. PHELPS objected.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
The question recurred on seconding the call for
the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. I put the question to the
Chair, whether, if the previous question be not
seconded, the resolution of my colleague will not
be in order as an amendment?
The SPEAKER It will.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then let us have tellers on
seconding the call for the previous question.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Waldron
and Noell were appointed.
The question was taken; and the previous ques-
tion was seconded, the tellers having reported—
ayes 87, noes 35.
The main question was ordered; and the reso-
lution was then adopted.
Mr. MILLSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT 01? THE RULES.
t Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege I am instructed by the select
committee 011 the rules to submit a report; which
I ask be received, referred to the Committee of
the' Whole on the state of the Union, ordered to
be printed, and made the special order for Thurs-
day week.
It was ordered accordingly.
SENATE BILLS UPON THE SPEAKER'S TABLE.
Mr. BRIGGS. I rise to a privileged question.
I move that the Senate bills upon the Speaker's
table be taken up and referred to their appropriate
committees. If there be objection, I shall move
for a suspension of the rules. I hope, however,
that there will be no objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object,
unless the gentleman will qualify his proposition,
and allow the House to put such bills as it may
desire upon their passage.
Mr. BRIGGS. I insist upon my motion as I
have made it.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection"?
There was no objection; and Mr. Brigos's mo-
tion was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGGS. I insist upon the execution of
the order of the House which has just been made.
CHAPLAIN AGAIN.
Mr. AVERY. Mr. Speaker, the following is
the proposition I wanted to offer a few moments
ago:
Resolved, That the daily sessions of this body be opened
with prayer.
Resolved, That the ministers of the gospel in this city are
hereby requested to attend, and alternately peiiorni this
solemn duty, without compensation from the national
Treasury.
I present it as a separate proposition, and I in-
sist that I have the right to present it as a privi-
leged question.
Mr. CLEMENS. It is not in order to adopt
two diverse propositions on the same subject.
This subject has already been disposed of by the
adoption of my colleague's resolution; and I make
the point of order that the resolution of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee is= not now in order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that at
present nothing is in order except the execution
of the order of the -House, made on the motion
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Briggs.]
In execution of the order of the House, the fol-
lowing Senate bills and joint resolutions were
taken from the Speaker's table, and disposed of
as indicated below:
GUADALUPE ESTUDILLO DE ARGUELLO.
An act (No. 117) for the relief of Guadalupe
Estudillo de Argucllo, widow of Santiago E. Ar-
guello; which was read a first and second time by
its title.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection, the
bill will be referred to the Committee on Private
Land Claims.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that itbe referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
MARKET-HOUSE EOR WASHINGTON.
An act (No. 192) authorizing the corporation
of Washington city to make a loan and issue
stock for §200,000, for building a market-house;
which was read a first and second time by its
title, and referred to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
CAPTAINS HUDSON AND SANDS.
Joint resolution (No. 16) authorizing Captains
William L. Hudson and Joshua R. Sands to ac-
cept certain testimonials awarded to them by tLe
Government of Great Britain; which was reaaa
first and second time by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
.ASSIGNEES OF BOUNTY LAND WARRANTS.
An act (No. 197) in relation to the assignees of
bounty land warrants; which was read a first and
second time by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
"WILLIAM a. IIEIIRICK.
An act (No. 217) for the relief of William B
Herrick; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask to have
that bill put upon its passage. I ask the Clerk to
read the bill.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of William B.
Herrick, late a surgeon of the first regiment of
Illinois volunteers, upon the pension roll, at the
rate of thirty dollars per month; to commence on
