1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
believe, that some portion of this money every
year is expended and used up by the employes
themselves; by the watchmen>the clerks, and the
persons employed in that office, and paid out to
themselves or their immediate families. Large
and extravagant prices are paid for the construc-
tion of bags for the purpose of putting up these
seeds. I want to put a stop to that abuse, be-
cause 1 consider it a very large abuse. I under-
stand that $10,000 have teen expended for bags,
at seven cents apiece, which could be bought in
New York for one cent.
I desire to put an end to abuses which I believe
exist. A good many of these seeds get out of the
office in some way, and get into the drug stoies
and seed stores for sale. One thing is certain,
that Patent Office seeds are found m the drug
stores of {his city for sale. _How they get there
I do not understand. They either get there
through the employes of the office, or members of
Congress, after they are distributed, sell them
themselves; and I do not suppose members of
Congress ever did such a dirty thing as that. I
understand—1 do not state it as a fact, but I am
informed and believe—that tea plants have been
offered in the streets of Washington duung the
present session at two dollars apiece. Where did
they come from ? Did members of Congress, af-
ter getting tea plants, offer them for sale for their
own benefit? I trust not. 1 do not believe that.
How did they get out, then? They must have
got out in a manner that is not creditable to the
officc. I want to put a guard on these abuses. I
think they exist; and I think it is our duty, if we
appropriate money, to guard its application, and
therefore I offer this amendment.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the tenor of the
amendment offered by the honorable Senator from
Georgia, I think, should satisfy us that he has
reason to believe that this appropriation for the
distribution of seeds from the Patent Office is a
corrupt and corrupting excrescence upon the Gov-
' ernmcnt. I know nothing in the world of the facts;
but I do know that the expenditures for this, al-
though comparatively small m proportion to the
other expenditures of the Government, must, of
necessity, become a source of corrupting expend-
iture and tendencies on the part of the Govern-
ment. I hope the amendment of the honorable
Senator from Georgia will be adopted. I do not
know that it will prevent anything; but it will tend
to enlighten the public mind as to the character
of this expenditure.
The amendment to the amerdment was agreed
to.
Mr. IVERSON. I have some other amend-
ments to offer to this clause. My next amend-
ment is:
Jirtd provided further, That all cuttings and and
other articles procured, including tho materials and labor
employed in packing the s-ame, shall he done hv eontiaet
With competent and tesponsjbU' parties, the Mine to he put
Up in a secure manner, properly labeled, and delivued u>
the ordei and to the satisfaction of the Secretary of the fn-
terior, on reasonable terms, to be judged of by the ^aid Sec-
retary, and when practicable, at wholesale and trade prices.
Mr. PUGH. I hope that will be rejected, for
if we get it under a contract with anybody, we
shall never be rid of it. I think we had better
stand where wc are. It is a great abuse: but this
only tends to make it worse. If we give it out by
contract, we shall never see the end of it.
Mr. IVERSON. These seeds are all purchased
from the salesmen in the various cities undnr con-
tracts made by the head of the bureau It is done
under a contract now.
Mr. PUGH. But this proposes to give out the
work of putting them up in bags and boxes to
contract; and if you get anybody interested m
that branch of business in Washington city, you
will never get rid of it.
Mr. IVERSON. £ want to compel the Com-
missioner of Patents to let out the construction
of these bags and papers by contract, and not ■
have particular persons employed to do it. The
abuse now is, that individuals about the office
and their families are employed, at extravagant
.prices, and 1 want to put a stop to it by compel-
ling the officer in charge to let out the construc-
tion of these bags, and other materials that are
necessary, by contract, and then we shall get
them at moderate prices.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. IVERSON. I have another amendment;
Jlnd ■provided further, That, at the commencement of
each f-estton of Congress, the Secretary of the Interior
shall cau->y to he reported to both Houses ot Congress a
detailed statement ot the expenditures of this appropria-
tion, giving copies of all the vouchers therefor; and also
a '.tatement of all unexpended funds, and all liabilities not
paid on account of this appropriation.
Mr. HUNTER. It will require extra clerks
to perform all that service.
Mr. IVERSON. If it requires extra clerks,
they can be paid for out of the appropriation, and
the Government will lose nothing by that. The
fact is, all this money has been expended here-
tofore, and not a single statement or account has
over been submitted to Congress. We do not
know how the money is expended; to whom it is
paid; or for what purpose; and I think we ought
to have some protection. We ought to have the
accounts presented to Congress, that Congress
may see to whom the money goes, and for what
purposes. I will modify my amendment by adding
to it: " the expense of which is to be taken out
of this appropriation."
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have a Secretary of
the Interior, who is one of the Cabinet officers,
and we have a Commissioner of Patents, a gen-
tleman of high charactcrand standing; and I think
that to have reported to Congress copies of the
vouchers for the little papers and bags that are
made to put up seeds in, is a very small matter;
and the statements made by the Senator from
Georgia, it seems to me, are a direct impeachment
of these high officers of the Government. There
may have been very great abuses. I know noth-
ing about them. 1 trust that, if such abuses have
existed, they will be corrected. I should presume
that,the Commissioner of Patents had some su-
pervision over these accounts, and the Secretary
of the Interior too. it seems to me that it is a
very small matter to require copies of these vouch-
ers to be presented here. Besides, I trust, if these
abuses do exist, as the Senator from Georgia says,
and $10,000 has been squandered upon favorites,
the time is not far distant when we shall have a
Secretary of the Interior and a Commissioner of
Patents that will allow no such thing.
Mr. IVERSON. I have not impeached the
Secretaiy of the Interior, or the Commissioner
of Patents. 1 do not believe they know anything
about these abuses. They are done by subordi-
nates; and these higher officers know nothing of
them; but I want these subordinates who have
the control and management of these funds to let
out these small contracts, and to be accountable
to Congress for the amount paid.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I trust we shall have
officers who know what their subordinates do. I
take it to be the duty of the officers at the head of
the different Departments to know what is doncby
their subordinates. The idea that money can be
squandered by tens of thousands of dollars in an
appropriation of $60,000, and the heads of your
bureau^fid Departments know nothing about it,
and not be responsible for it, is, to my mind, pre-
posterous.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, th&abuse is m
making the appropriation. 1 do not know how
these seeds are distributed, or who makes the lit-
tle packages in which they are put. They must
be made by somebody, no matter by whose hands
it may be. The abuse is in making the appro-
priation. My colleague may be right that it will
require clerks to copy the accounts. - All the bet-
ter. Let a clerk copy the accounts, and let the
accounts be exposed to the American people,and
let the people of the States see the abuse, and see
what it is. I shall vote for the amendment of the
honorable Senator from Georgia with great pleas-
ure. I say this is a corrupt and corrupting ex-
crescence; and let the American people see the
character and extent of the corruption. I hope
the amendment will prevail.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected;
there being, on a division—ayes 11, noes 53.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 move to amend the clause by
strikingout" $60,000,"and inserting "$40,000.
Mr. IVERSON- I hope that will prevail. That
was the very motion made last year. The Sen-
ator from Ohio moved to reduce the amount from
$60,000 to $40,000, and the Senate passed it. I
think $40,000 is quite enough to throw away.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is^on concurring with the Committee of the
Whole in .striking out the clause as it has now
been amended.
Mr. TOOMBS. As I do not wish-there should
be any mistake about the reasons upon which
this case is put by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania,! shall say a word. He talks of;
§60,000,000 a year for the great interests of the
country. If we expend them for legitimate pur-
poses, it is all well enough; but when that Senator
attempts to improve the great agricultural interests
of this country by the Patent Office, he has under-
taken a pin-hook business, and one that has so
far done us no good. They do not ask it; and i
never hear a man talking of benefiting the great
interests of this country by an appropriation,
without feeling that the great agricultural interest
is to be plundered. That is whatitmeans; nothing
else. Protecting the great interests of the coun-
try! Do you suppose anybody you will g<?t
around the Patent Office will teach the people how-
to raise cabbages, how to raise potatoes, how to"
raise beets, how to raise sugar, how to raise corn,
and how to raise cotton? They never followed
those pursuits; or if they did, they failed at them,
and that is the reason why they are here. They
are totally ignorant of that or any other business;
are unfit for any other pursuit; and that is the
reason they come here to live off the Government.
That is the history of the whole thing; and this
scheme is merely for the purpose of squandering
the public money in order to get popularity for
members of Congress by sending seeds toxoid
women all through their districts. These seeds
nobody expects to be of any benefit to the coun-
try; for we have tried the system twenty years,
and it has failed.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think there has
been great abuse in the introduction of foreign
seeds and plants; but I think intelligent men,
systematically pursuing such inquiries, lead to
information. I do not mean that they have taught
any one how to cultivate sugar, or beets, or corn;
but they have introduced new varieties of plants,
the distribution of which has been useful to the
countiy. The introduction of the Chinese sugar-
cane alone has been a great contribution to the
cultivation of the country. They have introduced
new varieties of sugar-cane, which would not
have been introduced by private enterprise. They
have introduced new varieties of cotton seeds.
All these things are useful, and I do not doubt
that if we had an agricultural institution, where
experiments could he made by trained persons, it
would lead togreat results, beneficial results. My
objection is that this Government was instituted
for no such purpose; it has no such function.
There is no warrant in the Constitution which
authorizes this Government to go on to purchase,
or import seeds, for distribution to the people. I
agree with the Senator from Virginia, that it has a •
coriupting tendency, though I would not exactly
say, with him, that it is corrupt in itself, it is
demoralizing, injurious to our institutions; and
for that reason, t shall oppose it.
Mr. IVERSON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
["Oh, no!"]
Mr. PUGH. I hope we shall not have the yeas
and nays. We have had them three times on this
proposition already.
Mr. IVERSON. I withdraw the call.
Mr. MASON. I renew the call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
first put the question on ordering the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to say something
on that very question. Forty years ago, sir-
though I am sacrificing a good deal by sayingit—
I was in the Senate one Congress, and the yeas
and nays were never called for during the two
sessions of Congress I then served in the Senate
but on one occasion, except where the Constitu-
tion required the yeas and nays to be taken. They
were never called for by a member except on one
occasion, and that I perfectly well remember to
tins day. It was upon fixing the price of public
lands. The call for the yeas and nays struck the
Senate with some harshness, and some of the
oldermembers thought that the member who made
the call had ruined himself forever. It was looked
