1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
995
the 14th day of May, 1858, to continue during his
life.
Mr.WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I desire to sub-
mit a statement to the House in reference to this
case; and if a single gentleman objects, after hear-
ing my statement, I will not press the matter. Dr.
Herrick was one of the most eminent surgeons
and physicians in my State. At the time of the
breaking out of the Mexican war, he was per-
suaded to accompany the first regiment of Illinois
volunteers to Mexico. He was upon the Rio
Grande, and contracted that terrible disease in that
climate, the diarrhoea, which proved to be chronic.
Afterwards he was attacked by neuralgia, which
deprived him of the use of his lower limbs. From
all these causes he suffered so much as to be de-
prived of the use of his intellect; and he is this day
totally insane. He was an eminent surgeon; and,
at the battle of Buena Vjsta, he dressed the wounds
of the distinguished gentleman from Mississippi in
the other wing of the Capitol, Colonel Davis, upon
the field. The Senate unanimously passed the
bill which is now upon the Speaker's table. There
certainly never was a case which appealed more
strongly to justice and humanity. [Cries of "All
right!" "Pass the bill!"J
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was read the third time, and subsequently
\passed.
GUADALUPE ESTUDILLO DE ARGUELLO.
Mr. SCOTT. I rise to a privileged question.
1 made a motion to refer Senate bill No. 117, for
the relief of Guadalupe E. Arguello, widow of
Santiago E. Arguello, to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs. I withdraw that motion, and move
that the bill be referred to the Committee of
Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
DISBURSING OFFICERS.
A resolution (No. 4) to allow credit to certain
disbursing ofiicers therein mentioned; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
SWAMP LANDS.
An act (No. 26) to extend the provisions of "An
act to enable the State of Arkansas and other
States to reclaim the swamp lands within their
limits," to Minnesota and Oregon, and for other
purposes; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
TILMAN LEAK.
An act (No. 55) for the relief of Tilman Leak;
"which was read a first and second time.
Mr. CLOPTON. I ask that that bill may be
put upon its passage. The bill provides for the
refunding of ยงG79 57, the amount paid by Mr.
Leak to the United States as the purchase money
for fractional sections six and seven, in township
No. 19, range north 98, in Alabama, at the sale
thereof, as dead and abandoned Indian reserve,
under the Creek treaty of 1832; provided he
shall first surrender any patent he may have re-
ceived therefor for cancellation. The bill allows
no interest on the money so paid. I hope the bill
may be allowed to pass.
Mr. BRANCH. I would remind my friend
that the bill contains an appropriation.
Mr. CLOPTON. So did the bill which the
House passed upon the solicitation of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiibcrne.]
The SPEAKER. It is clearly an appropriation
bill, and if objection is made, it cannot be put upon
its passage.
Mr. BRANCH. I will not object, if nobody
else does.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. I object.
The bill was referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs.
COLLECTION OF DUTIES.
An act (No. 215) to amend the provisions of the
fifty-sixth section of "An act to regulate the col-
lection of duties on imports and tonnage," ap-
proved the 2d day of March, 1799; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
JOHN A. FROST.
A resolution (No. 7) for the relief of the legal
representatives of John A. Frost, deceased; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
JOHN SCOTT AND OTHERS.
An act (No. 22) for the relief of John Scott,
Hill W. House and Samuel 0. House; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
HARRIS AND BUTTER WORTH.
An act (No. 23) for the relief of Arnold Harris
and Samuel F. Butter worth; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
SIMON DE VISSEIt AND JOSE VILLARUBIA.
An act (No. 39) for the relief ofSimon de Visser
and Jose Villarubia, of New Orleans; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
RICHARD W. MEADE.
An act (No. 56) for the relief of Richard W.
Meade; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
DAVID D. PORTER.
An act (No. 57) for the relief of David D. Por-
ter; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
GEORGE 13. BACON.
An act (No. 58) for the relief of George B.
Bacon, late acting purser of the sloop-of-war
Portsmouth; which was read a first and second
time, and referred .to the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
SAMUEL A. WEST AND OTHERS.
An act (No. 59) for the relief of Samuel A.
West, GeorgeMcCullough,Hiram McCullough,
and Charles Pendergast; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
ANN SCOTT.
An act (No. 60) for the relief of Ann Scott;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
MICHAEL NASH.
An act (No. 63) for the relief of Michael Nash,
of the District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia.
JANE M'CRABB.
An act (No. 65) for the relief of Mrs. Jane
McCrabb, widow of the late Captain John W.
McCrabb, assistant quartermaster m the United
States Army; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
LIVINGSTON, KINKEAD & CO.
An act (No. G9) for the relief of Livingston,
Kinkcad & Co.; which was read a first anil sec-
ond time.
Mr. BRIGGS. I desire to have that bill read,
and I will give to the House, after it is read, an
explanation which, I feel satisfied, will convince
the House that the bill ought to be put upon Us
passage. The bill was passed by the Senate unan-
imously, and it is one of those cases which I think
appeals to the justice of the House, so that the
parties interested may be indemnified for losses
sustained by them under the circumstances stated
in the bill.
Several Members. Read the bill.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to Livingston, Kinkcad &
Co., merchants of Salt Lake City, Utah, the sum
of ยง10,070, as indemnity for an amount of money
of which they were robbed by a party of Sioux
Indians, near Fort Laramie, m the month of No-
vember, 1854.
Mr. BRANCH. That bill makes an appropri-
ation, and must, under the rules of the House, go
to a Committee of the Whole House.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to the bill being
put on its passage. .....
Mr. BRIGGS". This is a day on which it is m
order to suspend the rules, and I will make amo-
tion for that purpose. I am aware that there is
a rule of the House which requires that all appro-
priation bills shall be referred to a Committee of
the Whole House; but, as this is a day on which
it is in order to move the suspension of the rules,
I shall feel it my duty to make that motion. If
the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr, Branch]
will hear the report read, I am satisfied he will
not oppose the passage of the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I feel obliged to object, be-
cause if we commence this system, we will never
get through the reference of these bills. The bill
has not been considered either by a standing com-
mittee of the House, or by a Committee of the
Whole House; and the rules require that it shall
be considered by a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. WINSLOW, Debate is not in order, and.
I object. " ,
Mr. BRIGGS. Then I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. That motion cannot be
made, because the rules are already suspended.
We are working now under a suspension of the
rules, and the motion is not in order.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes; we are acting under
a suspension of the rules now, merely as to re-
ferring these bills; but not as to putting them on
their passage. The suspension of the rules was
on their reference merely, and no human being
supposed fora single momcntthat there was going
to be any action on any of those bills to-day.
There may be merits in the case of the bill re-
ferred to. I do i'io t mean myself to make any ob-
jection to it; but I state what the agreement and
object were.
Mr. WINSLOW. By the order of the House,
the bills were to be taken up for reference merely.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from New York is in order, and is not de-
batable.
Mr. BRIGGS. I withdraw my motion, satis-
fied that genllernen are too impatient to hear the
merits of the question. I now move that the bill
be referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The bill was so referred.
GEORGE STEALEY.
An act (No. 7) for the relief of George Stealey;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
EDWARD N. KENT.
An act (No. 74) for the relief of Edward N.
Kent; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
RICHARD CHENERY.
An act (No. 77) for the relief of Richard Chen-
ery; which was read a first and second time, and
I referred to the Committee on Commerce.
; FRANCIS IIUTTMANN.
| An act (No. 78) for the relief of Francis Hutt-
! mann; which was read a first and second time,
' and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
TENCH TILGIIMAN.
Ail act (No. 79) for the relief of Tench Tilgh-
man; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
JEREMIAII MOORS. ,
An act (No. 80) for the relief of Jeremiah
Moors; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
ELIZABETH M. COCKE.
An act (No. 81) for the relief of Elizabeth M.
, Cocke, widow of Major James H. Cocke, late
marshal of the district of Texas; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the C m-
mittee on Commerce.
W. D. MOSELEY.
Aii act (No. 89) for the relief of W. D. Mose-
ley; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
HENRY ETTING.
An act (No. 91) for the relief of Henry Etting;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
CHARLES TEARSON'S REPRESENTATIVE.
An act (No. 239) for the relief of the legal rep-
resentative of Charles Pearson, deceased; which
was read a first and second time.
Mr. TAPPAN. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to allow that bill to be put on its
passage.
Several Members, Read the bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to any bill being put
on its passage under the order of the House.
