1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1939
entirely so. A certain portion of military force is absolute-
ly ncccssaryin large communities. Massachusetts is now
feeling this necessity, and making provision for it. But
how can this force be exerted on the States collectively ?
Jt is impossible. It amounts to a war between the parties.
Foreign Powers, also, will not be idle spectators. They
will interpose; the confusion will increase; and a dissolu-
tion of the Union will ensue.'5
The consequence was, the proposition was lost.
In support of this same idea of community inde-
pendence, jghich 1 have suggested, the argument
upon the proposition least likely to have exhibited,
that to give power to restrain the slave trade shows
that northern and southern men, all arguing and
presenting different views, yet concurred in this,
that there could be no power to restrain a State
from importing what she pleased. As the Senator
from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] looks somewhat
surprised at my statement, I will refer to the au-
thority. Mr. Rutledge said:
"Religion and humanity had nothing to do with this
question, lnteiest alone is the governing principle with
nations. Tlie ti ue question at present is, whether the south-
ern States shall or bhall not be parties to the Union. If the
northern States consult their interest, they will not oppose
the mcieaseof slaves, which will increase the commodities
oi which they will become the carriers."—Elliott's Debates,
vol. o, p. 437.
'•'Mr. Pinckkey. South Carolina can neverreceive the
plan if it prohibits the slave trade. In every proposed
extension of the powers of Congress, that State has ex-
pressly and watchfully excepted that of meddling with the
importation of negroes. If the States be all left at liberty
on this subject, South Carolina may perhaps, by degrees,
do ol herself what is wished, a« Virginia and Maryland al-
ready have done."—Ibid, p. 457.
" Mr. .Sherman was for leaving the clause as it stands.
He disapproved of the is lave trade; jet, as the States were
now possessed of the right to import slaves, as the public
good did not require it to betaken from them, and as it was
expedient to have as few objections as possible to the pro-
posed hcheme of Government, he thought it best to leave
the matter as we find it."—Page 457.
u Mr. Baldwin had conceived national obiects alone to be
before the convention; not such a*, like the present, weie
of a local natuie. Geoigia was decided on tin-, point. That
Suite has ahvavs hithmo supposed a Geneial Government
to be the pursuit of the central States, who wished to have
a vortex for everything; that her distance would preclude
her from equal advantage; and that she could not pru-
dently purchase it byyieldingnational powers. From this,
It might be understood m what light she would view an
attempt to abridge one of her favorite prerogatives.
'-11 left to herself, she may piobably put a stop to the
evil. As one ground for this conjecture, he took notice of
the sect of , which, he said, was a respectable class of
people who earned then ethics beyond the mere equality
oj men, extending then humanity to the claims of the whole
animal creation.'5—Page 459.
" Mr. Gerry thought we had nothing to do with the con-
duet of the States as to slaves, hut ought to be careful not
to give any sanction to it."—Page 459.
" Mr. King thought the subject should be considered in
a political light only. If two States will not agree to the
Constitution, as stated on one side, he could affirm with
equal belief, on the other, that great and equal opposition
would be expeiienced from the other States. Heremaiked
on the exemption of slaves from duty, whilst every other
import wai subjected to it, as an inequality that could not
fail to strike the commercial sagacity of the northern and
middle States."—Page 460.
Here, as will be observed, everywhere was
recognized and admitted the doctrine of commu-
nity independence and State equality—no inter-
ference with the institutions of a State; no inter-
ference i.ven prospectively save and except with
their consent; and thus it followed that atone
time it was proposed to except, from the power
to prohibit the further introduction of Africans,
those States which insisted upon retaining the
power; and finally it was agreed that a date should
be fixed beyond which, probably, none of them
desired to retain it. These were States acting in
their sovereign capacity; they possessed power
to do as they pleased; and that was the view
which they took of it. I ask, then, how are we,
their descendants, those holding under their au-
thority, to assume a power which they refused to
admit, upon principles eternal and lying at the
foundation of the Constitution itself?
If, then, there be no such distinction ordiscrimi-
nation; if protection be the duty (and who will deny
it) with which this Government is charged, and for
which the States pay taxes, because of which they
surrendered their armies and their navies; if gen-
eral protection be the general duty, I ask, in the
name of reason and constitutional right—I ask
you to point me to authority by which a discrimi-
nation is made between slave property and any-
other. Yet this is the question now fraught with
evil to our country. It is this which has raised
the hurricane threatening to sweep our political
inst itutions before it. Tliis is the dark spot which
some already begin to fear may blot out the con-
stellation of the Union from the political firma-
ment of mankind. Does it not become us, then,
calmly to consider it, justly to weigh it; to hold
it in balances from which the dust has been blown,
in order that we may see where truth, right and
the obligations of the Constitution require us to
go ?
It may be pardoned to one who, from his earliest
youth up, has been connected with a particular
party, who has always believed that the welfare
and the safety of the country most securely rested
with that party, who has seen in the triumph of
Democracy the triumph of the Union, and who
has believed for years past that the downfall of
Democracy would be its destruction. It may be
pardoned, I say, under such circumstances as
these, to such a person as that, to refer even in
this connection to that feature of the particular
point which I am discussing, which has been
broughtfonvard by the recent action of that party.
States met together to consult as brethren, to see
whether they could a^ree as well upon the candi-
date as upon the creed, and it was apparent that
division had entered into our ranks. After days of
discussion, we saw that party convention broken.
We saw the enemies of Democracy waiting to be
invited to its funeral, and jestingly looking into
the blank faces of those of us to whom the tele-
graph brought the sad intciligerco. I hope this
is, however, but the mist of the morning. I have
faith in the Democracy, and that it still lives. I
have faith in the patriotism and in the good sense
of the Democracy, that they will assert the truth,
boldly pronounce it, meet the issue, and I trust in
the good sense and patriotism of the people for
their success.
In this connection, it may be permissible to re-
view our present party condition. For along time,
two parties divided the people of the United States.
The controversy was mainly upon questions of
expediency *,sometimes of constitutionality. They
divided men in all of the States. The contest was
sometimes won by one, and sometimes by the
other. The Whig party lives now but in history,
yet it has a history of which any of its members
maybe proud. It bore the high, but not suc-
cessful, part of stemming the tide of popular im-
pulse, and thus failed to attain the highest power.
Differing from them upon the points at issue, I
offer the homage of my respect to those who, ad-
hering to what they believed to be true, go down
sooner than find success in the abandonment of
principle. With the disappearance of that party,
and perhaps for the very reasons that caused its
disappearance, uprose radical organizations who
strode so far beyond progressive Democracy, that
Democracy took the place now left vacant by the
old Whig party, and became the reservoir into
which all conservatism was poured. Therefore
it is that so many of those men, eminent in their
day, eminent for their services, eminent in their
history, have approved of the Democratic party
in the'present condition of the conn try as the onl y
conservative element which remains in our poli-
: tics. In the midst of this radicalism, of this revo-
lutionary tendency, it becomes not the regret of a
partisan merely; it is the sadness of an American
citizen that the party on which the conservative
hopes of the country hang has been threatened
with division, and possibly may not hereafter
be united. Thanks to a sanguine temperament,
thanks to an abiding faith, thanks to a confidence
in the Providence which has so long ruled for good
the destiny of my country, I believe it will reunite,
and reunite upon sound and acceptable principles.
At least, I hope so.
! From the postulates which I have laid down
I result the fourth and fifth resolutions. They are
: the two which I expect to be opposed. They
! contain the assertion of the equality of rights of
' all the people of the United States in the Territo-
! nes, and they declare the obligation of the Con-
' gress to see these rights protected, I admit that
| the United States may acquire eminent domain.
' I admit that the United States may have sov-
: ereignty over territory; otherwise the sovereign
| jurisdiction which we obtained by conquest or
i treaty would not pass to us, I deny thai their
I agent, the Federal Government, under the exist-
l ing Constitution,caii havecminentdomain; I deny
J that it can have sovereignty. I consider \t as
! the mere agent of the States—an agent ofiiimted
| power; and that it can do nothing save that which
: the Constitution empowers it to perform; andthat,
1 though the treaty or the deed of oe&sion roay direct
or control, it cannot enlarge or expand the powers'
of the^Congress; that it is not sovereign in any.
essential particular. It has functions to perform^
and those functions I propose now to consider..
The power of Congress over the Territories—
a subject not well-defined in the Constitution of
the United States—has been drawn from vari*
ous sources by different advocates of that power.
One has found it in the grant of power to dispose
of the territory and other public property. That
is to say, because the agent was authorized to sell
a particular thing, or to dispose of it by grant or
barter, therefore he has sovereign power over that
and all else which the principal constituting him an
agent may hereafter acquire ! The property, be-
sides the land, consisted of forts, of ships, of arma-
ments, and other things which had belonged to the
States in their separate capacity, and were turned
over to the Government of the Confederation, and
transferred to the Governmentof the United States,
and of this, together with the land so transferred $
the Federal Government had the power to dispose;
and of territory thereafter acquired, of arms there-
after made or purchased, of forts thereafter con-
structed, or custom-houses, or docks, or lights,
or buoys; of all these, of course, it had power to
dispose. It had the power to create them; itmust,
of necessity, have had the power to dispose of
them. It was only necessary to confer the power
to dispose of those things which the Federal Gov-
ernment did not create, of those things which came
to it from the States, and over which they might
signify their will for its control.
I look upon it as the mere power to dispose of,
for considerations and objects defined in the trust,
the land held by the United States, none of which
then was within the limits of the States, and the
other public property which the United State re-
ceived from the States after the formation of the
Union. I do not agree with those who say the
Government has no power to establish a temporary
and civil government within a Territory. I stand
half way between the extremes of squatter sover-
eignty and of congressional sovereignty. I hold
that the Congress has power to establish a civil
government; that it derives it from the grants of the
Constitution—not the one which is referred to; and
I hold that that power is limited and restrained,
first by the Constitution itself, and then by every
rule of popular liberty and sound discretion, to
the narrowest limits which the necessities of the
case require. The Congress has power to defend
the territory, to repel invasion, to suppress insur-
rection; the Congress has power to see the laws
executed. For this, it may have a civil magis-
tracy—territorial courts. It has the power to
establish a Federal judiciary. To that Federal
judiciary, from these local courts, may come up to
be decided questions with regard to the laws of the
United States, and the Constitution of the United
States. These, combined, give power to establish
a temporary government sufficient, perhaps, for
the simple wants of the inhabitants of aTcrritory,
until they shall acquire the population, until they
shall have the resources and the interests which
justify them in becoming a State. I am sustained
In this view of the case by an opinion of the Supreme
Court of the United States in 1845, in the case of
Pollard's lessee vs. P. Hagan, (3 Howard, S22,
223,) in which the court say:
"Takiim the legislative acts of the United States, and the
States of Virginia and Georgia, and their deeds of cession
to the United States, and giving to each separately, and to
all jointly, a fair interpretation, we must come to the con-
clusion that it was the intention of the parties to invest
the United States with the eminent domain of the country
coded, both national and municipal, for the pin poses or ^
temporary government; and to hold it in trust for the per-
formance ot the stipulations and conditions expressed in
the deeds of cession and the legislative acts connected with
them."
This was a question of land. It was land lying
between high and low water, over which the Uni-
ted States claimed to have and to exercise author-
ity, because of the terms on which Alabama had
been admitted into the Union. In that connection
the court say, in the same ease;
"When Alabama was admitted into the Union, on an
equal footing with th<v original States, eho succeeded to alt
the rights of sovereignty, jui hdictioiumd eminent domain
which Georgia powessud at the date of the cession, except
so tar as this right was diminished bv the public lands re-
maining m the possession and under the control ot the
United States for the temporary pmpose provided for in the
deeds ot cession and the legislative acts connocted with it.
Nothing remaineu to the United States, according to the
terms of ths agreement, but the public lands; aud it ail
