996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
Mr. WINSLOW. Let the bill be read, andlet
us hear what it is.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary of
the Treasury to pay to the legal representative
of Charles Pearson, late of Concord,New Hamp-
shire, deceased, the sum of $140, bein^the amount
of moneypaid into the UnitedStatcsratentOffice
by said "Pearson, while laboring in a state of in-
sanity.
Mr. TAPPAN, I hope there will be no ob-
jection to the passage of the bill. It is but a small
sum 
Mr. BRANCH. I have objected to several
cases of this kind as containing appropriations. I
must insist on my objection.
Mr. TAPPAN. '.This bill only appropriates
$140 which was paid into the Patent Office by an
insane man. The bill has been before Congress,
and has passed the Senate three or four times
"within the last six years. I hope the gentleman
from North Carolina will allow it to be passed.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. "What was this
man's invention ?
Mr. TAPPAN. It was something in reference
to watches.
Mr. BRANCH. I must insist on my objec-
tion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Why, Mr. Speak-
er, it is clearly evident that the man was insane.
He paid into the Patent Office $140, for an inven-
tion in reference to watches; and the House must,
therefore,be satisfied ofhis insanity. [Laughter.]
Let us pass the bill.
Mr. TAPPAN. His widow is very poor, and
needs the money.
~ Mr. BRANCH. If the House will allow me
to go back and withdraw my objections in the
cases of the gentleman from Alabama, [Mr. Clop-
ton,] and the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Briggs,] I will withdraw my objection in this
case. But as I have objected in those other cases,
I must also insist upon my objection in this.
Mr. TAPPAN. Then I move that the rules
be suspended, in order that the bill may be put on
its passage.
Mr. FLORENCE. We are already acting
under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. WINSLOW. I would like to see this bill
pass; but under the order of the House a motion
to suspend the rules is not in order. The order
of the House was, that the bills should be taken
up from the Speaker's table for reference only. If
the gentleman will wait till we get through the
order, and then move to put his bill on its pas-
sage, I will support him.
Mr. TAPPAN. Very well; I have no objec-
tion to that.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from New
Hampshire wants to keep his bill where it will be
within reach, I will suggest to him to let it remain
on the Speaker's table, and when we go to the
Speaker's table again it can be taken up and
passed.
The SPEAKER. The question is on the motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. WINSLOW. I rise to a point of order.
The House is acting under the execution of the
order that the Senate bills shall bc> taken up from
the Speaker's table and read a first and second
time and referred to their appropriate committees.
It is, therefore, a violation of that order to permit
the motion to suspend the rules in order to pass
bills. I would say to the gentleman from New
Hampshire, that at the proper time I will vote for
his bill;and I would suggest to him either tomove
to recommit it, or to lay it oa the table.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not yet been
referred.
Mr. TAPPAN. I accept the proposition of the
gentleman from North Carolina.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would suggest
that the bill under consideration be passed over.
Mr. BRANCH. Why, Mr. Spoakev, tV' hill
eontains an appropriation, and whenever it is
reached, the rules require it to go to a Commit-
tee of the Whole. It may just as well go there
JOW.
The bill was then referred to the Committee on
Patents.
THOMAS BROWN.
An act (No. 242) for the relief of Thomas
Brown; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Claims.
MILEAGE BILL.
The SPEAKER stated that the next bill in
order on the Speaker's table, was the bill (No.
63) to amend an act entitled "An act to regu-
late the compensation of members of Congress,"
passed August 16,1856, and to repeal so much of
said act, and all other acts, as allows mileage to
Senators, Representatives, and Delegates in Con-
gress.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the vote is taken on
that bill, I will withdraw the demand for the pre-
vious question, and move to recommit the bill to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and on that
motion I call the previous question. I hope the
bill will be put upon its passage.
Mr. WASHKURNE, of Illinois. What is the
bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The mileage bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The motion
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Briggs,]
was to take up the Senate bills on the Speaker'#
table and refer them. This is not a Senate bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion was to take up
the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I beg pardon
of the Chair. The motion was to take up Senate
bills only.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct.
That was the motion of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then the
motion of the gentleman fiom Ohio is not in
order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the House do
now proceed to take up the business on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois I move that
the House do resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. On that motion I call for
the yeas and nays. I want a fair test vote on the
mileage bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man can have as many test votes as he pleases.
He had several the other day.
Mr. MORSE. I appeal to the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw his motion. There are several
gentlemen who want to get in resolutions, and
this is the only day on which we can suspend the
rules. We can settle this mileage question some
other day.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will not take half an hour
to have a fair and square vote on the passage of
the bill.
CHARLES PEARSON—AGAIN.
Mr. TAPPAN. I rise to a privileged question.
I want to enter a motion to reconsider the vote by
which the bill for the relief of Charles Pearson
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
The motion was entered, and passed over for
the present.
MILEAGE BILL AGAIN.
Mr. HOARD. I should like to have that mile-
age bill read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is no
bill before the House.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not now before
the House. The question is on the motion to go
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, on which the yeas and nays have been
demanded.
Mr. CLEMENS. I call for tollers on the yeas
and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Branch and
Bingham were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 4], noes 70.
So tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 62, nays 107; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Green Adams. Aldnch, Thomas L. An-
dci&on, Ashley, Babbitt, Bark^dale, Barrett, Bouhgny,
Boyco, Bnrch, Clemen1?, John Coelnane, Cooper, Corwm,
James Ciaifr, Curtis, Davidson, John G. Davis, Farnsworth',
Florence, Fouke, Hale, Hawkins, Hickman, Hill, Howard,
William Kellogsr, jLnrrabee, Leake, Logan, Love, Lovejoy,
Mallory, Maynaul, McClernnnd, McQueen.McRae, Miles,
Montgomery, Nelson, Nihlack, Noel), Pendleton, Peiry,
Peyton, Reajzan, James C. llobiu&on, Royce, Scott, Smnns,
Somes, Stalhvorth, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood,
Van VVyek, Cadwulader C. Washburn, Elhhu 1). Wash-
burne, Wells, Wilson, and Windoin—62.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F.Adams, Adrain, Alley, Wil-
liam C.Anderson, Avery, Bingham. Blair, Blake, Bocoek,
Bonham, Brabson, Branch, Briggs, Bristow, Buffinton, Bur-
nett. Burnham, Burroughs, Case, Clopton, Cobb, Colfax,
Conkling, Covode, Burton Cratge,Cravvfoid, IL Winter Da-
vis, Dawes, Delano, Dueil, Dunn, Edmundson, Eliot, Ether-
idge, Ferry, Foster, Fren r.i, Gartreli,Gooeh, Grow, Curley,
HaH,*Hatdeman, J. Morrison Harris, John T. Han k, Has-
kin,Hatton,Hehnick, Hoard, ilolman, Houston, Hutchins,
Irvine, Jenkins,Jones, Junkm, JamesM. Leach. Lee, Loo-
iiiis, Maclay, Marston, Charles D. Martin, Mckean, Mc-
Knight, McPherson, Millson, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham
Moore, Morrill, Edward Joy Munis. Nixon, Phelps, Potter,
Pottle, Pryor, Pugli, Reynolds, Rice, Rlggs, Christopher
Robinson,"Rutim,Schwartz,Scdgwick, Sherman, Will.am
N. H. Smith, Spinner, Stanton, Stevens, Stevenson, Wil-
liam Stewait, Stokes, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Tomp-
kins, Tiain, Trimble, Vance, Waidron, Walton, Ibiael
Washburn, Webster, Whiteley, Wood, Woodruff, and
Wright—107. ^
So Mr. WashbupcNe's motion was disagreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. BRAYTON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Stewart, of Maryland, until'Thursday
of next week.
Mr. MARSTON stated that Mr. Edwards had
paired off with Mr. Keitt for this week.
Mr. GARNETT stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Frank. Had he been at liberty to vote,
regarding this as a test vote, he should have voted
" no," which would have been a vote in favor of
the bill.
Mr. WALDRON stated that Mr. Leacii, of
Michigan, was confined to his room by sick-
ness. *
Mr. HOLMAN stated that Mr. Ablest had
paired off for the present week with Mr. Wade.
Mr. LANDRUM stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Carter.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
The question recurred on Mr. Sherman's mo-
tion.
CHICAGO IIARBOR.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move a
suspension of the rules, to enable me to introduce
the following resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jlmericain Confess assemble!, That
the unappropriated balance yet lemaininqot theappiopnu-
tlon made 3d March, 1854, ibr repairing the woiksand piers,
m order to preserve and sceme the light-hou^e at Chicago,
IDmoi?, is hcicby directed to be expended in repairing and
improving the harbor at Chicago: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall in anywise interfeie with ->o much
of t>aid appropriation as may have be^n already icquired by
the light-house board for repair*, m order to secure s-aid
light-house; but the same shall be expended in accoidance
with such requisition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object to that resolution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope not. ~
The gentleman himself resides on the lakes.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us settle this mileage
question first. We will take care of the lakes by
and by.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the motion of the gentleman from
Illinois cannot be made pending the motion of my
colleague. My colleague has a motion pending to
proceed to the business on the Speaker's table.
; Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My motion
is to suspend the rules which give the gentleman
from Ohio a right to submit that motion.
Mr. STANTON. My colleague's motion must
be put first, because it was made first. I submit
that this mileage bill cannot be got rid of in this
manner.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. Does the
gentleman object to the improvement of Chicago
harbor ?
Mr. STANTON. I object to getting around
the mileage bill in this way.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand the
yeas and nays on my motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STANTON. I hope, if this motion is held
to be in order, that my colleague will abandon the
idea of passing the mileage bill to-day, because,
if motions can be interposed in this way, there is
no use in attempting it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
gentleman to order.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 36, nays 117; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Aldrich, Alley, Babbitt,
Burch, Burioiighs?, John Cochrane, Coiwin. James Ciaig,
Pavid&on, Duell, Farnsworth, Florence, Fouke, Hale,
William KHiogir, Lanabee, liOgan, Love, Lovejoy, May-
nard, Pendleton, Potter, tfeynohte, Royce, Schwartz,
Scott, Spau'ding, Stout, Waidron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
burn, Elhhu B. Washburne, Weils, WiKon, Wnuloui, and
WoodrulT—36.
NAYS—-Messrs. Charles F. Adams, William C. An-
