1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
was that the Federal courts of the District were j
held in the building, and that there was no ac~ ^
coinmodationforthem,andthatthis$40,000would j
be applied as far as was necessary to accommo- !
date the courts of the District within that limit, j
I agree that, as far as I know, they then carried it
out in good faith: I do not charge them with any
want of faith; bui now they ask for an additional
appropriation for the courts of the District of Co-
lumbia within that building. I have no doubt
that what the Senator says is true—other Senators
have come to me anft stated the same fact—that
the courts of the District have not proper accom-
modation in the building. I have no doubt it is
true, from what I am told; I have no personal
experience. If the Senator will put the amend-
ment in a shape to build a court-house for the
purposes of the District unconnected with the
city, with no partnership of any kind, I will vote
for it cheerfully; but I want no further partner-
ship.
Mr. BROWN. Just one word. The Senator
seems not to understand the terms on which what
is called the City Hall is occupied. I desire to
repeat, again, that the building was originally
erected by the city of Washington. The Govern-
ment had provided no accommodation for its own
courts, and it was taken into it. The building
was iu a very dilapidated and almost wretched
condition. Thcwholfc exterior of it was wretched
—almost disgusting. Congress finally agreed to
take one half of it, leaving the city to occupy the
other half. Congress did not pay up its arrears;
but, after a while, Congress v/as asked to con-
tribute $30,000 towards fitting up the building, by
way of discharging its portion of the obligation.
I have been upon the committee all the time, and
know all about it. The Government has never
paid for as much of the building as it occupies.
It has spent about ^45,000, I think.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Which is our half?
Mr. BROWN. Wc occupy this end of it,
about three fifths of the whole building, as I un-
derstand. I beg the Senator from Virginia to
recollect that the city authorities of Washington
and the people of Washington have never asked
for this. They have never interfered with it in
the slightest degree, and do not care a single six-
pence whether you do this or not. It is your own
officers, your own judges, your Secretary of the
Interior, your Federal offie'ers, who ask to have
this thing done; not foi the accommodation of
Washington, not for the accommodation of the
citizcns here, but for the accommodation of the
Federal authorities.
Mr. PUGH. 1 desire to make a suggestion to
my friend. I sec that m his amendment he spe-
cifies the particular part of the building for the
alteration to be desired. I propose to leave it to
the Department of the Interior. I wish he would
strike out that specification, and say that this
amount shall be appropriated, to bcexpended un-
der the direction of the Secretary, foi enlarging
that building, and leaving it to the judgment of
the engineers how it shall be done. I am satis-
fied, with him, that the building is a disgrace, and
that it is our duty to finish it. During the pres-
ent session, I have looked at it almost the first
thing in the morning and the last in the evening,
and I am satisfied the Government ought to do
something; but I do not want to bind myself to
any arrangement that may disfigure the whole
plan of the house. I would rather givethis much
money to enlarge the building and make it suit-
able, than provide what the plan should be.
Mr. BROWN. The proposed amendment is
in precise accordance with the original plan of the
building, which architects consider to be a very
proper plan.
Mr. PUGH. Why not leave it to the Depart-
ment?
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope the debate will be reg-
ular. This conversation is enough to wear out
our patience.
Mr. BROWN. I have no doubt the Senator
from Georgia is very impatient to get this bill
through.
Mr. TOOMBS. This conversation is irregular
entirely.
Mr. BROWN. Not at all. But, sir, I am will-
ing to take the vote. I have said all that I desire
to say.
Mr. TOOMBS. I deem it my duty to make a
statement to put this matter right; for I think the
Senator from Mississippi wholly misapprehends
the case. He talks of its being our duty to do
this; of these being our courts, Federal courts.
Between whom do they administer justice? Be-
twixt man and man in this District. Whose
order is preserved by punishing a thief here ? The
order of the District of Columbia. Who is the
plaintiff, who the defendant,in an action of eject-
ment? Individuals living in the District of Co-
lumbia.
What case is brought in these tribunals that is
not between citizens of the District of Columbia ?
There is no analogy between these courts and
the Federal courts in the States. Until within
the fasten years, until a reckless disregard of the
public money became common in the Senate and
House of Repiescntatives, no court-houses were
built by the United States, cxccpt in three or four
places in the larger cities. Take tne States through-
out the Union: the States furnish the judges, but
the court-houses nnd jails are furnished by the va-
rious localities. Why should not the people of
this District do the same thing? We pay all their
expenses. We pay their judges: we pay their
juries; and now we must find places to put their
title papers. The Senator says their title papers
areoutm passages. Well, sir, let them stay mere
and rot, if they will not take care of them. What
obligation is there on the people of the United
States to take care of the title papers of the citi-
zcns of the District of Columbia? These are their
local courts. Of course, process runs in the name
of the United States, because we have exclusive
jurisdiction; but it is in no sense upon the ground
the Senator puts it, that we are bound, because
we have to support courts in New York and other
places, to do it here. These are local courts.
Again: if you look at the expense of the ad-
ministration of justice in the District, you will
find that the Government of the United States
pays more for the administration of justice here
than it costs one third of the States of the Union.
It is a wild waste; I know that as a member of
the Committee on the Judiciary. I say it is the
business of the people of Washington to build
their own court-houses, just as much as it is of
the people of the different counties in the various
States of the Union. While Iowa furnishes her
judges, the people of the counties build the court-
houses, and take caie of their own records.
The Federal Government pays the judges and ju-
rors here,which it ought not to do; but, by anal-
ogy to the rest of the people of the United States,
the people here should build their own court-
houses, for these are their own courts. The muni-
cipal authorities here have but very limited crim-
inal jurisdiction, and no civil jurisdiction at all.
They have no jurisdiction excepting in minor of-
fenses, and very small cases. All the rest of the
business is transacted in these courts. They are
emphatically their local courts, as much so as the
supeuorand inferior courts of the,different States
of the Union are their courts; and there is no
more reason for your building court-houses here
than there is for your going into Georgia, and
building court-houses in one hundred and thirty-
two counties.
Mr. BROWN. I am amazed at the Senator
from Georgia, who undertakes to assert upon his
responsibility as a Senator, after having been here
for twenty years, or nearly that long 
Mr. TOOMBS. Only sixteen.
Mr. BROWN. He undertakes to assimilate the
Federal courts in this District to the State courts
in the States. Now, I assert that the local authori-
ties here have their courts, as the local authorities
in the States have their courts. I stated before
that the city of Washington had its courts; pro-
vided its court-houses and its prisons. So with
Georgetown; so with the county portion of the
District, precisely as with the people of the States;
but your overshadowing authoiity belongs exclu-
sively to these six miles square, and you usurp
an authority, which you do not admit belongs to
the District in higher offenses; and this obliges
you to establish your own courts. I ask the Sen-
ator from Georgia whether his State bears the
expenses of the Federal courts within the hmits
of Georgia?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir.
Mr, BROWN. I ask him whether Georgia
has ever provided a place for the safe-keeping of
the records of the United Stales courts witain her
limits? No, sir; she has done no such thing;
they are Federal records; they belong net to the
State; are not subjcct to its authority.
Mrr TOOMBS. How is a deed between A, B,
and C, a Government record?
Mr. BROWN. 1 care nothing about deeds.
I speak of that which belongs to Federal author-
ity, whetherit is asummons, whether it is a writ,
whether it is a deed. It is a paper which belongs
to the authority of the United States, and is un-
der the custody of the Federal Government, ihd
is not to be subjected to the authority of this'mu-
nicipality, any more than writs attested in the
name of the United States are under the authority
of the State of Georgia, or any other State. I
assert that, within this District, every record,
every summons, every writ, is in the name of the
United States; belongs to the Federal Govern-
ment, and not to the city of Washington, or the
District of Columbia. It .belongs to you, then,
as a coordinate branch of Congress and of the
Government, to pj-ovide some place for the safe-
keeping of these papers. The Governmentsliould
provide a proper place for the holding of its own
courts. I cannot admit, with the Senator from
Georgia, that it is incumbent on the people'of this
District to provide a place for the Federal Gov-
ernment to hold its courts.
Mr. TOOMBS. Does the State of Mississippi
provide a place for the records of the different
counties in the State?
Mr. BROWN. Not at all; nor does Missis-
sippi provide a place for the Federal Government
to hold its courts. The Federal Government holds
the couris'bere; the judges are appointed, not by
the people of the District, they are appointed by
the Federal authority; appointed by the President
of the UnitcfStates, confirmed by the Senate. If
every man, woman, and child in this District
should protestagainsttheappointmentofa judge,
still, if the President and Senate chose to appoint
him, he would be appointed. So of the marshal.
He is appointed by Federal authority. The whole
thing is above and beyond the influence of the
people of this District. Then, by what right do
you come back upon these people, and say that it
belongs to them to provide places for holding
your courts, and bearing the expense? It is not
their business. Itis your business. The judges
are appointed by your authority. The marshal
who makes the arrests is appointed by the Pres-
ident, by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate. The writs are issued in the name of the
United States. It is all your business. Itis all
done in your name, by your authority; and I as-
sert that it belongs to you to provide proper places
for holding these courts, and not to the people of
this District.
Now, sir, by way of vindicating these people,
I assert, again, that they have never asked that
you shall provide accommodation for these courts.
They do not care one sixpence whether you do it
or not. The city authorities have not petitioned
for it; the people have not. This application
does not come from Washington city, nor from
the citizens of the District; it comes from the
Federal authority. It comes from the judges ap-
pointed by the President and confirmed by the
Senate; from the marshal, and from your own
Secretaries. Under these circumstances, if you
have a mind not to do it, you will not disappoint
the people of this District. They do not care a
snap of a finger, so far as they are concerned,
whether you make the grant or not. I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Cameion, Green, Hemphill,
Iver^on, Johnson of Arkansas, Kennedy, Pugh, Rice. Se-
bastian, Simmons. Wilson, and Yulce—i:i.
NAYS—Messrs. Bigler, Bingham, Bragg, Chesnut, Ciark,
Clin^man, Davis, Doolitlle, Fitzpatriefc, Foster, Games,
Ilaie, Hamlin, Hailan, Hunter, Johnson of 7Ytmessee,
Km:. Lane, Mallorv, Mason, Nicholson, Saulsbury, Sfi-
dei!, Thomson. Toombs, Tr«mhnll,W;tde, ami Wigfali—98.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have several amendments from
the Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
that I should have offered yesterday; but the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Bigler] insisted on
the floor, and I yielded. I now offer this amend-
ment:
for fitting: up the rooms in the center building of the Cap-
itol formerly occupied by the Senate Committees on Naval,
Military, and Indian Atfaiis, for the use of the Court of
Claims, under tile superintendence of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, §3,000.
