998
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 5,
that offers have been made to bribe, as insinuated
in that resolution, nobody will object. But I do
object to charges against any officer of the Gov-
ernment byinsinuation.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to this debate. It
is all out of order.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. When gentlemen will
not make their charges upon their responsibility
as Representatives upon this floor, I must object.
Mr. FLORENCE. I submit a point of order.
' The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Geergia has submitted a point of order; and
until that is disposed of, no other question is in
order. The Chair overrules the point of order.
Mr. FLORENCE. For the reason mentioned
by the gentleman from Georgia—that there is a
vague and indefinite something in those resolu-
tions—I object to them. There is no use of read-
ing them, if my colleague wants the rules sus-
pended, he can have them, if he can get votes
enough-, but I will not sit in my placc quietly,
when such innuendoes as those are leveled against
honest men. [Laughter.]
Mr.COVODE. If it will relieve mycolleague,
I will leave the navy-yards out.
Mr. FLORENCE. I have nothing to do with
the navy-yards. I court investigation every-
where, andcondemn corruption in the navy-yards
as soon as I would anywhere else; and my col-
league knows it. I am against corruption every-
where. Give me a reason for this investigation,
and I will vote for it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania. I do not mean
to debate the resolutions; iSut wish simply to say,
if these charges are vague and unfounded, they
can be proved to be so by the investigation.
The Clerk then read the resolutions again, as
above inserted.
Mr. COVODE. I call for the yeas and nays
upon the suspension of the rules.
Mr. BURNETT. I wish to vote correctly upon
this question; and,for that purpose, desire to say
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania 
Mr. GROW. I rise to a point of order. Upon
a motion to suspend the rules debate is not in
order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order.
Mr. BURNETT. If the gentleman will make
the charges specific, I will vote for the investiga-
tion; but I cannot vote for an investigation upon
such vague charges as those contained m those
resolutions.
Mr. COVODE. This is no time to make the
charges specific.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 45; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams,
Adrain, Aldnch, Alloy, William C. Anderson, Ashley,
Uubbitt, liinifliiiuij Blair, Blake, Urabson, llriggs, Bristow,
ttuflmton, Buritngame, P.iirnham, Case. Clopfon, Cobb,
Col/aY, Conkltl]," rnrnnn / 'rwr.wl n
Curtis " '
Duo
I* ,  
Harris, ilasfkui,Hatton,'Hc!mick, HiIU Humphrey, Hutch-
ins, JrvmCjJunkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Kiigore, Larabee, James M. Leach, Lee,Loomit?, Lovejov,
Malloiy, Mavston, Elbert S. Martin, Mayn;ird,McClernand,
MeKean, MeKnight, McVherson, Miilward, Laban T.
Moore, Moorheatl, Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N.
Morris, Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Olin, Perry, Porter, Potter,
Pottle, Push, Reynolds, Itiee, Jliggs,Clni^opherRobinson,
James C. Robinson. Roycc, Schwartz, Redswick, Sherman,
William N. II. Smith, Spauldins, Spinner, Stanton, William
Stewart, Stokes, Stratum, Tappan, Tompkins, Train,
Trimble, Vance, Vandever, Van VVyck, Watdron, Walton,
CaUwalader C. W.i^liburn,EUilm B. Washbume, Israel
Washburn, WolN, Wilson, Window, and Woodruff 117.
NAYS—Messrs. A^hmore, Averv, Barksdale, Barrett,
Bocock, Branch, Buich, Burrietf, John B. Clark, John
Cochrane, Burton Craige, Crawlord, Cuiry, Edtnundson,
Florence, Gaitroll, Hawkins, Ilohnan. Houston, Hughes,
Jackson, Jones, Logan, Love, Maclav', Charles i). Martin,
McQueen, Mellae, Miles Millson, Niblack. Noell, Pendle-
ton, Peyton, Phelps, Reagan, Ituffin, Sinsleton, William
Smith, Stallworth, Stevenson, Thomas, Underwood, and
Wmslow—45.
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
in favor thereof.)
During the call,
Mr. ASHMORE, when his name was called,
said: I desire to vote for an investigation if the
charges are properly made 
\Ir. GROW. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. ASHMORE. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania has no right to call me to order. The
gentleman has taken it upon himself, frequently,
since I have been here, to interfere withme, [crics
of "Order!" " Order!"] and I would be obliged
to him if he would keep his tongue silent where
Iamconcerned. [Loud cries of "Order 1"] Idesire
to vote for the resolutions if gentlemen will assert
upon their responsibility that 
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the gentleman to order,
and I call upon the Chair to enforce the rules.
Mr. ASHMORE, (amidst loud and continued
cries of44 Order!") I will not vote for an investi-
gation merely upon insinuations and imputations
like these upon the character of public officers,
made by those who will not take the responsibility
of doing, and who have not the manliness to do
what gentlemen ought to do. I say I will vote for
the resolutions whenever the charges are properly
specified. Now, I vote 44 no."
Mr. HINDMAN. I am( paired off, upon all
questions which have a political bearing, with the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Killinger;]
I therefore decline to vote upon this proposition.
Mr. LANDRUM stated that ho was paired off
with Mr. Carter.
Mr. CRA1GE, of North Carolina, said: While
I am ordinarily willing to vote for an investigation
of any charges made against any officer of the
Government, ["Order!" "Order!"] or any de-
partment of it, I am determined not to vote for a
resolution which condemns in advance, [renewed
cries of " Order!'*] as this resolution does, the
highest officer in the Government—the President
of the United States.
Mr. GROW. I call the gentleman to order.
No debate is in order while the roll is being called,
and I call upon the Speaker to enforce the rule.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The point of
order is well taken; and the Chair hopes gentle-
men will r reserve order.
Mr. WINSLOW. I hope the House will in-
dulge me in saying 
Mr. GROW. I object to debate.
Mr. WINSLOW (amidst loud and continued
cries of " Order !") said: I feel some hesitation
about my vote. These resolutions are very vague
and indefinite, large in their terms, and framed
like a French indictment, coveringadeal of ground
and abounding in a multitude of general charges.
I have perfect confidence in the integrity of the
President and his Cabinet. Let any specific
charge be brought against him, or them, and I
will cheerfully yield the fullest investigation and
accord the promptest action. I will do nothing
to hinder, but everything to facilitate it. I can-
not, however, vote for a committee on these sweep-
ing charges. I vote 44 no."
Mr. BOCOCK. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not.
Mr. BOCOCK. I shall give some reasons for
my vote hereafter; not now 1 vote 44 no."
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Not having the
slightest confidence in the accuracy of the charges
preferred, I vote 44 ay."
Mr. SOMES stated that he should have voted
"ay," had he been within the bar when his
name wascalled.
Mr. COBB. If my party is guilty of corrup-
tion, let it be ferreted out. I vote 44 ay."
Mr. MILES. Is my vote recorded ? for I wish
to be upon the record as voting against clap-trap
and humbug.
Mr. FLORENCE. Is my vote recorded? I
am as much opposed [" Order!" 44Order!"] to
corruption ["Order!" "Order!"] as any gen-
tleman upon this floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Debate is not in
order; and the Chair hopes gentlemen will pre-
serve decorum.
Mr. FLORENCE. I will preserve decorum,
of course.
Mr. PEYTON. I wish to change my vote. I
voted under a misapprehension, supposing that
definite charges had been made against the Ad-
ministration; but learning that the charges ar%
general, I change my vote, and vote 44no."
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Because no charges
are preferred upon which an investigation can be
founded 
Mr. GROWand others called the gentleman to
older.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I suppose my
friends will say I am in order, when I vote 44no."
Mr. GROW. No debate is in order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am proposing to
vote 44 no." The gentlemen furnish me with the
reason for it. Will the Clerk call my name ?
The CLERK. Mr. Cochrane.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. No. [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I simply want to
say, [" Order!" " Order!"] the resolution is un-
worthy of the men who drew it. ["Order!"
44Order!"] Yes, sir, unworthy of the men who
drew it. 1 vote 44 no."
Mr. MONTGOMERY. I desire to vote. I
was not within the bar when my name was called.
Mr. FLORENCE. I must object, though I
would like to have the gentleman's vote upon our
side, for I suppose he would vote against this
thing.
The result of the vote was then announced, as
above recorded.
Mr. COVODE. I call for the previous ques-
tion upon the adoption of the resolutions.
Mr. NOELL. I desire to offer an amendment,
and ask that it may be read for information.
Mr.COVODE. I cannot yield for thatpurpose.
Mr. NOELL. I ask to have the amendment
read for information.
Mr. BINGHAM. I object.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolutions were adopted.
Mr. COVODE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolutions were adopted, and also
moved to lay die motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRONTIER DEFENSES.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask leave to offer a joint
resolution.
The joint resolution was read. It recites that
information has been publicly circulated that the
frontier of the Rio Grande is being ravaged by hos-
tile bands of Mexicans, acting in sufficient num-
bers to prosecute hostilities successfully against
the scattered settlements of American citizens in
that quarter; that these hostile bands came from
the territory of Mexico, if they are not instigated
to their ravages by the Mexican authorities; that
hostile Indianson the frontiers of Texas have been
engaged in murdering citizens of that State, and in
depriving them of their property for several years
past; and that the citizens of Texas have been,
and are, without the necessary military protection
for their security; and it therefore appropriates
$5,000,000, and places it at the disposal of the
President, to pay the expenses of such a volun-
teer force as he may consider it expedient to the
public interest to call into military service on the
southern frontier of the United States, to assure
the safety of citizens of the United States residing
in that quarter, to vindicate the laws, and to in-
sure their faithful execution.
Mr. BINGHAM objected to the introduction
of the resolution.
Mr. REAGAN. I mdve to suspend the rules,
in order to enable me to introduce the resolution;
and on that motion I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
if we adjourn now, will not this resolution come
up the first business in order next Monday?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I move
that the House do now adjourn.
*Mr. STANTON. I would ask the gentleman
from Texas whether, if the rules be suspended,
he willconsentto have the jointresolution referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs ?
Mr. REAGAN. If it be the pleasure of the
House that it should be so referred, I will make
no objection.
Mr. BRANCH. It appears to me that this
resolution ought properly to go to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. GROW. This debate is outof order, and
I object to"it.
Mr. BARKSDALE. The resolution mustne-
cessarily go to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, because it makes an appro-
priation of $5,000,000.
Mr. REAGAN. My motion is to suspend the
rules so as to permit the resolution to be intro-
duced. The House can then dispose of it as it
sees proper.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have sub-
mitted a motion that the House adjourn. I be-
lieve that is in order.
Mr. REAGAN. I ask the Chair whether, if
