2886
THE OOISTGrEESSIOFAL GLOBE.
June 12,
The Court of Claims is now sitting in a com-
mittee-room, without any conveniences. I ven-
ture to say that there are but few Senators who
know where ihey are. The rooms are entirely
insufficient. The estimate for proper accommo-
dation was $5,000; but as there is a general sys-
tem of retrenchment here, the committee sympa-
thized with the Senate, and reduced the amount
#2,000-
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have a small amendment to
increase the salaries of three superintendents:
For compensation to the foremen of the public laborers
employed respectively m the Capitol, President's, and
Smithsonian Grounds, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary, in addition to their present pay, t«make the sum each
$1,000.
Mr. PUGH. Do I understand that to be an in-
crease of salary ? If so, I should like to hear the
reason.
Mr. BRIGHT. Here is a correspondence,
embracing letters from the Secretary of the Inte-
rior 
Mr. PUGH. I would rather the Senator should
state the substance than have long letters read.
Mr. BRIGHT. I was not going to read the
letters. This is recommended by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, the Secretary of the
Interior, and the head of the public gardens. Be-
sides, there is a petition from these persons them-
selves stating the reasons for this increase. They
arc now receiving each $600, ami this is a proposi-
tion to allow them $400 additional. It has passed
oneortheotherof the two Housesforthe lastthree
years, but has never got through both Houses at
the same session. I leave it to the Senate to say. I
know this is not a time for increasing salaries;
but 1 believe these persons are entitled to the pay
they claim, and the committee were unanimous
in recommending it.
Mr. TOOMBS. A question of that kind came
before our committee. Perhaps this is one of
those applications.
Mr. BRIGHT. Yes, this is one of them.
Mr. TOOMBS. This seems to be about the
history of the case: as long as a man is a laborer,
and does the work, $600 a year is enough-, but
when he gets to be a superintendent—that is, when
another man does the work, and he only looks
on—he ought to have $1,000. [Laughter.] That
is the case.
Mr, BRIGHT. That is not the case. These
persons did not merely perform the duties of
laborers, hut more onerous and responsible duties
that have been imposed on them.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT. I now oiler an amendment, to
which 1 hope there will be no objection. I send
it to the desk, and ask that it be read.
The Secretary commenced the reading of the
amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. We know what that is. I
wish to appeal to my friend from Indiana whether,
at this late hour,he will bring upthis controverted
question. It will take two hours to debate it.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have a duty to perform in
connection with this matter that is quite as un-
pleasant to me to attempt at this time as it can be
to my friend from Virginia to hear it. I have
endeavored in vain for the last four weeks to ob-
tain the consideration of this bill. I have pressed
it on the Senate.-, but there have always been
special orders in advance, or when it was reached
as a special order, it was postponed for the ap-
propriation bills. I have been told, from time to
time, to wait until some bill should come up to
which it would be germane as an amendment. I
know of no one more appropriate than this. I
think the question is weil understood by every
Senator, and that it will not lead to extended de-
bate. The amendment that I propose simply
calls upon the St-nate to decide whether they in-
tend to enlarge the public grounds. In the con-
dition that the question stands now, every inch
of ground within the limits proposed is embar-
rassed by the action of Congress. Persons who
are occupying it do not know whether they arc
long to occupy it; whether they ought to improve
it, or whether they are likely to sell it. I think
it is due to those interested in the ground we pro-
pose to purchase, that the question should be set-
tled. I will further add, that the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, both in the House
and Senate, are unanimous in the opinion that
the bill proposed here as an amendment ought to
pass. It is short. 1 hope it will be read. I shall
not discuss it.
Mr. MALLORY. The Senate is very thin.
This is an important measure; and it is now ap-
proaching eleven o'clock. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. If we do, we may give up
all hope of a final adjournment on Monday next.
If we quit this bill now, we shall debate this prop-
osition all day to-morrow.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment of Mr. Bright, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the public grounds sur-
rounding the Capitol shall be enlarged according to the
plan approved by the Committee on Public Buildings and
Ground* of the Senate and House of Representatives, re-
spectively, which plan is hereby directed to be deposited in
the custody of the Secretary of the Interior; and that for
the purpose ol effecting tins enlargement the United States
shall acquire the title to the following descubed squates
and parts of squares in the city of Washington, namely: so
much of square No. 575 as is included within the following
described lines: beginning on the west side ol Fn&t street
west, at a point sixty-seven icet north of the southeast cor-
ner of said square, and tunning thence f«outh with the line
of First stieet west to the southeast corner of said square,
thence with the line of Pennsylvania avenue along the
boundary of said square on said avenue out; humhed and
eighty feet thence in a stiaight line to the point of begin-
ning; also, so much of square No. 576 as is included within
the following described lines: beginning on the west side
of Fiist stiect we t, at a point .sixty seven feet tonth of the
northeast coiner of said square, and lunning thence notth
with the line of Fir.-t street west to the northeast comer of
eaul square, thence with the line of Maryland avenue along
the boundary of said square on 5-atd avenue one hundred
and eighty feet, thenee in a straight line to the point ol be-
ginning ; al*o, the whole ol squares Nos. G87 and 688.
Sf.c. —• *And he Ujuithcr enacted, That for carrying this
act into effect, and obtaining the title to such private ptop-
crty as may be necessary for the purpose, it shall be tiie
duty of the Secretary ot the Interior to make application to
the Court of Claim*,' which court is hereby authouzed and
required, upon such application, m such mode and under
such rules and regulations as they may adopt, to make a
just and equitable appraisement ot the cash value of the
several mtei est of each and evety owner of the real estate,
and improvements thereon, neeessaiy to be taken (or the
public Use, in accoidance with the provisions of this aet.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it farther cnvctc-l, That the fee-<imple
of all premises w appioprtated tor public u<e, of which an
appraisement shall have been made under the order and
direction of said point, shall, upon payment to the o\vn«i
or owners, respectively, of the appiatsed value, or in ease
the said ovvnei or owners uMuse oi neglect, (ot fifteen day*
after the appraisement of the cash value of said land.- and
hnpiovenieiits by said court, to demand the stime fiorn the
Secretary of the Inteiioi, upon depositing the said appiaiscd
value in the said court to the ei edit of such owner or own-
era, respectively, shall be vested in the United States. And
the Secretary of the Inteiioi h heteby authorized and in-
quired to pn\' to (he sevnal owner or owneis, icspeetivelv,
the appraised value ot the '('veial pteiuises, as t-pecified in
the appraisement of -aid c om t, or pay info com t !>) deposit,
as heieinbef'ore provided. Hie -aid appraised value*, and the
sum neeod&aiy tor .-uch purpose i  heiebv appiopriatedoutof
any moneys m the Treasury not otherwise appioprtated.
Sec. —. *iud be it further cnacted, That said eouit may
diiect the time and manner in which possession of the piop-
erty condemned shall be taken or delivered, and may,if ne-
cessary, enforce any older or issue any piocess foi giving
possession. The cost- occasioned by the inquiry and assess-
ment shall be paid by the United States; and as to other
coats which may arise, tliey shall he charged or taxed as the
court may direct.
Si.c. —. Jiiul be it further enacted, That no delay in
making an assessment of compensation, or in taking pos-
session, shall be occasioned b> any doubt which mayanse
as to the ownership of the pioportv, or any part thereof, or
as to the interests of the respective owners; but m such
cases tlie court shall requue a deposit of the money allowed
at compensation for the whole property, or the part m dis
pute. In all cases, as soon a- the United States shall have
paid the compen-ation assessed, m seemed its payment, by
a deposit of money, under the oider of the court, possesion
of the property may be taken.
Sec. —. And be \l further cnacted, That all laws and
pat is of laws inconsi-tent with the piovisions ot this act,
be, and the same aic heieby, lepealcd.
Mr. HALE. I know, sir, that tins is a very
unfortunate time to call up the consideration of
this question; but I desue to submit an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. TOOMBS, i have a small amendment I
should like to offer to it myself—just to add the
rest of the Calendar. [Laughter.]
Mr. HALE. You can oiler that as an amend-
ment presently. When we are altering these
grounds, I think we ought to make such an altera-
tion as permanently to settle the question. I agree
to the amendment proposed by the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, as far as it goes,
and I shall vote for it; but I think the red lines on
the plan which is hung up in the Senate Chamber,
ought to be extended to Second street east, be-
cause if you adopt the plan of this committee,
you will have the greater portion of the lot on the
west side of the Capitol; and after the Capitol is
completed, and the portico and flights nf steps
extended, the roadway on the east front of the
Capitol will have to go over into the square east
of the Capitol, and that will leave the space upon
the cast side exceedingly narrow; substantially
no grounds at all upon that side. The grounds
will be disproportionate, and not at all as they
ought to be. 1 move to amend the amendment o.
the Senator from Indiana, by inserting after the
word " respectively " in the sixth line of the first
section, the words " extending the same between
B street north and B street south to the west side
of Sccond street cast."
Mr. BRIGHT. I said that, for the purpose of
gettingthe proposition which 1 offered considered,
1 would promise not to debate it; that I believed
it was thoroughly understood by Senators on
both sides of the Chamber; and it is. We have
had the map before us for some time. It marks
distinctly the boundary embraced in the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire; also
the boundary embraced in the proposition I have
offered. The objection to the amendment offered
by the Senator from New Hampshire is, that it
embraces too much—more in quantity than was
needed, and would cost more than we are now
willing to pay for. The area of the present Cap-
itol grounds is thirty acres in round numbers.
The quantity proposed to be added by the amend-
ment I have offered is about twenty-five acres,
making altogether fifty-five acres. The Senator
from New Hampshire can state how many acres
would be added by his amendment—as much per-
haps as twenty-five.
Mr. HALE. 1 think not.
Mr. BRIGHT. I think about that. The as-
sessed value of the property included within the
boundaries named m my amendment, is $168,000.
It may be worth more under the finding that may
be determined by the Court of Claims. I think
the indications are that it will be considered worth
more; that, however, should not deter us from
doing our duty; but I do not propose to discuss
the value of the property at this time; that is a
matter we cannot control. My object is to ob-
tain the sense of the Senate as to the propriety or
impropriety of enlarging the Capitol grounds at
thus time. I hope the amendment offered by the
Senator from New Hampshire will he voted down,
Air. DAVIS. It is quite apparent, I think, to
any one who has looked at it, that the ascents
upon each side of the Capitol now approach the
wings so nearly as to render it necessary to have
an extension in that direction. The Government
already owns the land upon each side of the Cap-
itol to the extent of the two blocks which lie
north and south. All thatis proposed by the com-
mittee is to purchase two blocks, which will give
very nearly equal dimensions in every direction
around the Capitol, extending one square on each
wing of the Capitol, but making the extremity of
the cast park something less than the extremity
of the west park of the Capitol. We require this
space; it should have been purchased many years
ago, both for giving greater facility of ascent, and
for giving the proper extent on each wing of the
Capitol.
Mr. MASON. This is another consequence of
building a new house, the effect of which I have
had occasion to point out to the Senate in our
arrangements. It may become necessary, for all
I know, to accommodate the grounds to the pre-
tensions of the house: but I submit to the Senate
that just now, when the Treasury is not full, this
is not the time to do it. I hope the amendment
will be rejected.
Mr. TOOMBS. As to what is said in refeience
to the cost of this matter, I will state that I got
some little information on that point from a de-
bate we had here two or three years ago. I have
no doubt the statement of the Senator from Indi-
ana is correct as to the assessed value; but I re-
member to have seen a pamphlet published here
comparing the price asked to the Government
with the assessed value. While my memory is
not exact as to sums, 1 am certain that some prop-
erty assessed at $10,000 was valued at «i500,000,
when the owners came to sell to the Government.
If itgoesonin that proportion, the whole $168,000
worth cannot be purchased, m my judgment, for
$2,000,000. I have no idea it can be done for
§2,000,000.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senator from
