1942
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
first for political power, and directed against new
States; now it has assumed a social form, is all-
prevailing;, and has reached the point of revolution
and civil war. For it was only last fall that an
overt act was committed by men who were sus-
tained by arms and money, raised by extensive
combination among the non-slaveholding States,
to carry treasonable war against the State of Vir-
ginia, because now as before the Revolution, and
ever since she held the African in bondage. This
is part of the history and marks the necessity of
the times. It warns us to stop and reflect, to go
back to the original standard, to measure our acts
by the obligation of our fathers, by the pledges
they made one to the other, to see whether we are
conforming to our plighted faith, and to ask se-
riously, solemnly, looking each other inquiringly
in the face, what we should do to save our coun-
try.
This agitation being at first one of sectional
pride for political power, has at last degenerated
or grown up to (as you please) a trade. There arc
men who habitually sctaside a portion of money
which they are annually to apply to what are
called "charitable purposes;" that is to say, so
far as I understand it, to support some vagrant
lecturerv whose purpose is agitation and mischief
wherever he goes. This constitutes, therefore, a
trade; a class of people arc thus employed, cm-
ployed for mischief, for incendiary purposes, per-
haps not always understood by those who furnish
the money; but such is the effect; such is the result
of their action; and in this state of the case 1 call
upon the Senate to affirm the great principles on ;
which our institutions rest. In no spirit of crim-
ination have 1 stated the reasons why I present it.
For these reasons, I call upon them now to re-
strain the growth of evil passion, and to bring
back the public sense as far as in them lies, by
earnest and united effort, if it may be, to crowa
our country with peacc, and start it once more in
its primal channel on a career of progressive pros-
perity and justice.
The majority section cannot be struggling for
additional power m order to preserve their rights.
If any of them ever believed in what is called
southern aggression, they know now they have
the majority m the representative districts and
in the electoral college. They cannot, therefore,
fear an invasion of their rights. They need no
additional political power to protect them from
that. Theargument,then,ortnc recoil on which
this agitation commenced, has passed away; and
yet we are asked, if a party hostile to our institu-
tions shall gain possession of the Government, that
we shall stand quietly by, and wait for an overt act.
Overt act! Is not a declaration of war an overt
act> What would be thought of a country that,
after a declaration of war, and whilst the enemy's
fleets wen* upon the sea, should wait until a city
had been sacked before H would say that war ex-
isted, or resistance should be made? The power of
resistance consists, in no small degree, in meeting
the evil at the outer gate. I can speak for my-
self—and I have no right to speak for others—
when I say that if I belonged to a party organized
on the basis of making war on any section or in-
terest in the United States, if I know myself, I
would instantly quit it. We have made no war
against you. "We have asked no discrimination in
our favor. We claim to have but the Constitu- !
tion fairly.Tud equally administered. To consent I
to liss than this, would be to sink in the scale of!
manhood; would be to make our posterity so dc- j
graded that they would curse this generation for |
robbing them of the rights their revolutionary i
fathers beqeathed them. '
Is this expected? Yet it is for the assertion of
such thoughts, such intents as these, that we of
the South are arraigned as threatening and at-
tempting to menace the Worth. I understand the
artful dodge which induces the use of that word
"menace.'* No portion of our people aie subject
to fear, nor arc they to be intimidated by threats. |
They all have much of that sentiment which feels
a pride in peril's hour; and therefore it is that our
dfmand of equal rights, our assertion of the de-
termination never to surrender them, has been
tortured into a menace to those with whom we j
hare ever sought to live in peace. Itisnotathreat, i
but a warning; and that warning is given in the |
spirit of fraternity. When wo say to those who j
have a common destiny, a common interest with |
us, stop ere your tread is on an empire's dust," !
it is not to destroy, but to avoid the dread alter-
native; we call you to the sober reckoning of the
account before you. It would be idle to expect
us to be satisfied with mere declarations that the
only purpose is to prevent slaves being taken into
the Territories. "We have a rccent example, teach-
ing a melancholy lesson of the madness and faith-
lessness of Abolitionism. When the British eman-
cipationists met at Old Jewry, they said their only,
object was to break up the slave trade; but soon
arose the amis des noirs of France At first they
proclaimed their purpose to be the education of
mulattocs. The new schools progressed with
hastening steps to a common goal. The steady
growth of their purpose; the teriiblc catastrophes
which ensued; the wide-spread ruin which now
broods over the most fertile portion of the West
Indies, proclaim how idle it is to rely on those who
set out with no fixed rule of conduct—their im-
aginations turned loose on the field of mere specu-
lative philosophy, and attempting, upon such a
basis, to legislate for public interests. This Eng-
lish teaching, this English philanthropy, is to us
what the wooden horse was at the siege of Troy.
It has its concealed evil; it is, I believe, the sep-
aration of these States; the ruin of the navigating
and manufacturing States who arc their rivals;
not the southern States who contribute to their
wealth and prosperity. Yet, strange as it may
seem, there only do the seeds they scatter take
root. British interference finds no footing, receives
no welcome among us of the South; we turn with
loathing and disgust from their mock philan-
thropy. We look with sorrow upon the gallant
sailors of the United States who perish on the
coast of Africa, participating in aschcme^vhichis
to people the British islands with captive Africans
sent there from captured slavers. Whilst we arc
gulled, as it were; whilst we are expending our
means and appropriating money to send the cap-
tured Africans back, not to their home—they had
none—but to a colony founded by the United
States, Great Britain forces them into her own
colonial possessions, and there, under the name of
apprenticeship, compels them tolabor. More hor-
rible still: while preaching her crusade against the
domestic institutions of the United States, she is
engaged in a trade for a race of men sufficiently
high in the scalc of creation to value family ties
and to feel the sentiment of home—coolies kid-
napped; boys tolerably well educated; tradesmen,
apothecaries in abundance, caught up m China,
and brought to bo sold to the cultivators of colonial
sugar estates. This offense against nature has
met with some solemn retributions. The rising of
these miserable captives against the captain and
crew, and the horrible barbarity with which the
trade is pursued, are to be seen m the accounts of
wrecks where the hatches arc battened down,Un-
ship deserted by the crcw, left beating on the. rocks,
and these miserable prisoners, without, the light
of heaven, left there to hear the rush of the relent-
less wave, and to weep for their fatherland, from
which they were borne by men more relentless
than the wave which rushes on to their destruc-
tion. With such manifestations as these, how can
they prate philanthropy to us who hold in bond-
age a race of men who never were free; who for
thousands of years have occupied the condition
they did in the American colonies, and do now in
the southern States, and who live in a quietude
and happiness which she might be well employed
m bestowing on the suffering peasantry of Eng-
land and her colonial dependencies of the East.
Among the great purposes declared in the pre-
amble of the Constitution is one to provide for the
general welfare. Provision for the general wel-
fare implies general fraternity. This Union was
not expected to be held together by coercion;
the power of force as a mean was denied. They
sought, however, to bind it perpetually together
with that which was stronger than triple bars of
brass and steel—the ceaseless current of kind
offices, renewing and renewed in an eternal flow,
and gathering volume and velocity as it rolled.
It was a function intended not for the injury of
any. It declared its purpose to be the benefit of
all. Concessions which were made between the
different States in the convention prove the mo-
tive. Each gave to the other what was necessary
to it; what each could afford to spare. Young as
a nation, our triumphs under this systemshave
had no parallel in human history. We have
tamed a wilderness; we have spanned a continent.
We have built up a granary that secures the com-
mercial world against the fear of famine. Higher
than all this, we have achieved a moral triumph.
We have received, by hundreds of thousands, a
constant tide of immigrants—energetic if not well
educated, fleeing, some from want, some from
oppression, some from the penalties of violated
law—received them into our society; and by the
gentle suasion of a Government whfch exhibits
no force, by removing want and giving employ-
ment, they have subsided into peaceful citizens,
and have increased the wealth and power of our
country.
If, then, this temple so blessed, and to the roof
of which we were about to look to see it extended
over the continent, giving a protecting arm to in-
fant republics that need it—if this temple is totter-
ing on its pillars, what, I ask, can be a higher or
nobler duty for the Senate to perform than to rush
to its pillars and uphold them, or be crushed in
the attempt? We have tampered with a question
which has grown m magnitude by each year's
delay. It requires to be plainly met; the truth to
be told. The patriotism and the sound sense of
the people, whenever the Federal Government
from its high places of authority shall proclaim
the truth in unequivocal language, will, in my
firm belief, receive and approve it. But so long as
we deal like the Delphic, oracle in words of double
meaning, so long as we attempt to escape from re-
sponsibility, and exhibit our fear to declare the
truth by the fact that we do not act upon it, we
must expect speculative theory to occupy the mind
of the public, and error to increase as time rolls
on. But if the sad fate should be ours, for this
most minute cause, to destroy our Govornment, the
historian who shall attempt philosophically to ex-
amine the question will, after ho has put on his
microscopic glasses and discovered it, be com-
pelled to cry out, veritably so the unseen insect in
the course oftimc destroys the mighty oak. Now,
I believe—may I not say I believe? if not, then I
hope—there is yet time, by the full explicit dec-
laration of the truth, to disabuse the popular
mind, to arouse the popular heart, to expose the
dangerfrom lurking treason and ill-concealed hos-
tility; to rally a virtuous people to their coun-
try's rescue, -who circling closer and deeper, as
the storm gathers fury, around the ark of their
father's covenant, will place it in security, there
happily to remain a sign of fraternity, justice, and
equality, to our remotest posterity.
Mr. CLINGMAN obtained the floor.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I do not pro-
pose to take the floor from my friend from North
Carolina, who gave noticeofan intention to speak;
but only to say a word or two. My colleague,
in the course of his speech, made one or two allu-
sions to myself, which I think it proper to notice.
My colleague thought it unjust for me to criticise
his resolutions in his absence, and while he was
detained by sickness. It is due to myself to say,
that on that day I was not in when the resolu-
tions were brought before the Senate. Some
other Senator, whose name I am sorry to say I do
not now remember, but I believe it was my friend
from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury,] appointed that
day to speak on the subject. It is true, I re-
marked the abscnce of my colleague, but did not
know that he was detained by sickness. So
much upon that point.
Then my colleague criticises the second of my res-
olutions, by saying that he thought itlooked a little
too for toward the squatter-sovereignty doctrine of
the Senator from Illinois. I very much regret that
my colleague did not make that suggestion at an
earlier day, or did not suggest in what that affili-
ation towards the Senator from Illinois consisted;
for at any earlier day than this, or to-day, or at any
future day, I shall be prepared to strike from the
resolution whatever looks towaids squatter-sover-
eignty. I have stood here for twelve long years
warring against the principle of squatter sover-
eignty. My record dates quite as far back as that
of my colleague or any other man on that point.
I stood in the Senate, as old Senators will recol-
lect, and in my feeble way combated the present
illustrious Secretary of State on that question when
I stood almost alone. Never, at any time or under
any circumstances, have I given the slightest possi-
ble countenance knowingly to that doctrine. If it be
embodied in my second resolution, or the slightest
scintilla of it, it crept in there without the knowl-
edge of the man whose head dictated it or whose
