1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
the House adjourn now, the resolution will comc
up for consideration to-morrow?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will come^up
next Monday, as the first business in order.
Mr. REAGAN. Then I insist on my motion
to suspend the rules.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I suggest that the gentle-
man from Texas withdraw his call for the yeas
and nays. The rules can be suspended without
the yeas and nays.
Mr. REAGAN. Inasmuch as it seems to be
the disposition of the House to consent to have
this resolution referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, I will be satisfied with that disposi-
tion of the matter, if it be the pleasure of the House
to make it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
that the gentleman from Texas consents to its ref-
erence to the Committee on Military Affairs. I
certainly have no objection to that; and I with-
draw my motion.
Mr. REAGAN. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays; and move that the joint resolution
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was introduced, andreferred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. REAGAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was referred, and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. GARNETT. I hope the gentleman from
North Carolina will withdraw that motion in or-
der that I may offer a resolution. If there be. any
objection to it, it can stand over till next Mon-
day.
Mr. BRANCH. I insist on my motion to ad-
journ, and I will not withdraw it for any purpose.
Mr. STEVENSON. On that I call for the
yeas and nays.
Tht? yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. HAS KIN. I ask the gentleman to give
way to me in oider that I may make a report.
Mr. BRANCH insisted on his motion.
J. R. CKCMP.
Mr. McPHERSON, by unanimous consent,
had withdrawn from the Committee of Claims
the petition of J. R. Crump, in order that another
petition on the same subject might be substituted.
And then (at half-past four o'clock, p. m.) the
House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, March 6, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ADMISSION OF KANSAS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will lay
before the Senate a letter which he has received
from the president of the Kansas constitutional
convention, with reference to the constitution
hitherto presented from that State.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Lawrence. Kansas Territory,
February 13, 1830.
Sir: I send you by express an enrolled copy of the
Wyandotte con-titution,to substitute for the printed copy
forwarded to \ou at the commencement of the session.
That was prepaiert and sent in haste, anticipating an
early organization; this is designed to take its place, as
bring more in accordance with inaae.
By acknowledging tiie rcceiptof the document, you will
oblige your obedient bcivant,
J. M. WINCHELL,
President Kansas Constitutional Convention.
Hon. John C. Breckinridge,
President United States Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that he presented a printed copy of that con-
stitution some time since, which is before the
Senate on the motion of the Senator from New
York [Mr. Seward] to refer it to the Commit-
tee on Territories, if there be no objection, this
certified copy will be substituted for the printed
one.
Mr. SEWARD. Certainly.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to" that.
33XECUTIYE COMMUNICATION'S.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Senate
a letter of the Secretary of the Navy, accompa-
nied by one hundred copies of the Navy Register
for the current year; which was ordered to he on
the table.
He also laid before the Senate a communication
from the ladies of the Mount Vernon Associa-
tion, inviting the members of the Senate to accom-
pany them on a trip to the home of Washington;
which, on motion of Mr. Mason, was ordered to
lie on the table.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. HUNTER presented the petition of James
Fleming, of Portsmouth, Virginia, praying remu-
neration for the use of a pile-cutting machine,
invented by him, and adopted and used by the
Government for the last six years in the construc-
tion of its public works; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents and the Patent Office.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President,-the Sergeant-
at-Arms, under the order of the Senate, has ar-
rested a witness who was summoned and failed
to appear before the select committee, and is now
ready to make his report.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 hope we shall be allowed to
get through with petitions.
Mr. MASON. This matter, as I think the Sen-
ator will find, will be disposed of in a few minutes.
It is a questioh affecting the privileges of the
body. In looking at the precedents under which
we have been acting, I find that the form is, that
the Sergeant-at-Arms makes his return, which
he has done in this case, in the following words:
Mr. President: 3n obedience to the Warrant of the
President of tiie Senate, dated the 21st of February last,
directing tlie Sergeant at-Arnis to arrest Thaddeus Hyatt,
to answer for contempt of the authority of the Senate, I
have arrested him, and he if now at the bar of the Senate.
D. R. McNAIR, Sergcant-at-Jlrms.
Following the precedents, when the witness is
brought to the bar, I shall offer this resolution:
Resolved, Tiiat Thaddeus Hyatt, of the city of New York,
now in custody of the Sergeant-at-Arms, on an attachment
for contempt in refusing obedience to tiie summons requir-
ing him to appear and testify before a committee of the Sen-
ate, be now arraigned at the bar of the Senate, and that the
President of the Senate propound to him the following in-
terrogatories: 1. What excuse have >ou for not appearing
before the select committee of the Senate, in pursuance of
the summons served on you on the 94th day of January,
1S00' 2. Are you now ready to appear before *aid com-
mittee, and answer such proper question^ as shall be put to
vou by said committee? And that the said Thaddeus II\ art
be required to answer said questions in writing, and under
oath.
If the Senate should adopt the resolution, it
will dispose of the subject until the witness is
heard from. I now propose that the witness be
brought to the bar of the Senate by the Sergf*ant-
at-Arms, so that these proceedings may take place
in his presence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will execute the order contained m the war-
rant, if there be no objection.
The Sergeant-at-Arms presently appeared at the
bar of the Senate with Thaddeus Hyatt, who was
supported on the arm of W. F. M. Arny, late of
Kansas, who has heretofore been examined as a
witness before the special committee.
Mr. MASON. The witness being now at the
bar of the Senate, in the custody oFlhe Sergeant-
at-Arms, I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That Thaddeus Hyatt, ol the city of New York,
now in custody of the Sergeant-at-Arm^, on an attachment
for contempt in refusing obedience to the summons requir-
ing him to appeal and te.stify before a committee of the Sen-
ate, be now arraigned at the bar of the Senate, and tbutthe
Piesident of the Senate propound to him the followins in-
terrogatories : 1. What excuse have you for not appearing
before the select committee of the Senate, in pursuance of
the summons served on you on the '24th day of January,
i860? 2. Are you now ready to appear before, the said com-
mittee, and answer such proper questions as shall be put to
you by said committee ? And that the said Thaddeus Hyatt
be required to answer said questions in wilting, and under
oath.
Mr. HALE. I move that in the first interroga-
tory the word "excuse" be stricken out, and
" reason" inserted. As it now stands, it seems
to imply that in the judgment of the Senate this
citizen has committed a crime already, or some-
thing that needs to be excused. It precludes the
idea that what he has done may be justified by a
reason.
Mr. MASON. I shall not debate it; but the
form of the resolution, which is in accordance
with the precedents, was, I doubt not, carefully
considered in the other House. There is a great
diflerence between the word "excuse" and the
 *  —  —
word "reason." The word "reason" implies
that something remains for the discretion of the
witness, whether he will obey a summons or BOt,
I shall not debate it, but I am opposed to the
amendment.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays on his
amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I am not going to take up the
time of the Senate; but I think there is a manifest
propriety in the amendment which I suggest. The
witness may have what is, to his mind, an abun-
dantly satisfactory reason, which does not par-
take of the nature of an excuse, for not appear-
ing in obedience to the summons in this case; and
it seems to me, with great deference, to be arro-
gant in the Senate to presume tlfkt its authority
is so omnipotent that a man cannot resist it when
it is exercised in this way, without putting him
in a position which requires him to excuse him-
self. He may justify himself, and he is justified,
in my judgment. In my humble judgment, the
Senate had no authority to arrest him. In my
humble judgment, the officer of the Senate hav-
ing him in custody is liable to a legal prosecution
for holding-him here; and the Senate, in under-
taking to send into a State and bring this citizen
here, has committed an act for which I hold that
it ought to be asked what excuse it has. I think
the public sentiment of this country will hold
every Senator before the tribunal of public opin-
ion, and ask him " what excuse have you for this
violation of "the rights of the citizen'" Having
said this much, I shall not take up further the
time of the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall vote against the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire
for this reason: the form of the question proposed
to be propounded to this witness is the foim in-
variably practiced in the courts of law where a
witness has brought himself in contempt. 1 ap-
prehend that the Senator from New Hampshire,
in a court of law, never heard a witness asked
what reason he had for not obeying the summons
or process of the court; but the question invariably
ana uniformly under such circumstanccs is, what
excuse have you for your disobedience in not an-
swering the summons of the court?
Mr. HALE. If there was no other reason on
earth for my amendment, I should have moved
it after I had*heard the speech of the Senator
from Delaware; becausc I see he is laboring under
the great mistake that we arc a court; that we
have got judicial power, and that we are exorcis-
ing the functions of a court. That is the very
mistake that I complain of, and the very reason
why I want this amendment made. If there had
been no other reason for it, the fact that such a
gross mistake exists in the mind of any man as
that we are here as a sort of court, with plenary
powers to summon witnesses and punish them for
contempt, would have indicated to me and vindi-
cated in my mind the propriety of the amend-
ment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 12, nays 42; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Durkee, Foot,
Grimes, Hale, Harlan, Sumner, Toombs, Wade, Wilkin-
son, and Wilson—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard. Benjamin. Rigler,
Brasg, Bright, Blown. Chesnut,Clay, Clingmau, Coilamer,
Crittenden, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Dou<iias, F«ssemien,
Fitch, Fitzpatriek, Foster, Gteen, Gwin, Hemphill. Hun-
ter, Iverson, Johnson of Tenne^ee, Kennedy, L>ane. La-
tham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce. Powell. Saul&bury, Sew-
ard, Simmons, Slideil, Ten E$ck, Thomson, Ttu'iubuil,
Wigfall, and Yulee—i2.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think it would bo. a
little better, and more according to the form of
the question which is put in courts of justice, to
say: Why did you not attend, in obedience to
the summons?" That embraces everything, and
does not seem to intimate any leaning at all as to
whether it shall be an excuse or a reason, or what
it shall be. I move that amendment.
Mr. MASON. The Serytte determined, upon
a very decided vote, the other day, that it was in
the proper exercise of its duty and in the clear ex-
ercise of its authority in issuing process to arrest
this witness. Now, the form of the resolution is,
that the witness is in default in not attending the
committee pursuant to the power given by the
Senate to the committee to summon him. If any
man is in default, he must excuse himself as to
the party to whom he is in default. I should be
