1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
194!?
hand drafted it. I utterly repudiate the whole
doctrine of squatter sovereignty.
Mr. President, without pursuing the subject,if
it be in order, I will move an amendment to my
colleague's fifth resolution. The fifth resolution
is in these words:
"That it"experience should at any time prove that the
judicial and executive authority do not possess means to
insure adequate piotection to constitutional rights maTer-
ritory, andif the territorial government should fail or refuse
to provide the nccessary remedies for that purpose, it will
be the duty of Congress to supply such deficiency."
That is the fifth in the series of my colleague's
resolutions. To that I move now, if ltbe in order,
the following amendment; to strike out all after
the word <% resolved," and insert:
That experience having already shown that the Consti-
tution and the common law, unaided by statutory enact-
ments, do not affoul adequate and sufficient protection to
slave propeity, some of the Territories having failed, and
others having refused to pass such enactments, it has be-
come the duty of Congress to inteipose and pass &ueh laws
as will afford to slave property in the Territories that pro-
tection which is given to other kinds ot'property.
Now, Mr-President, with the indulgence of my
friend one moment longer, whatever party in this
country will stand upon that proposition will get
my cordial support in the election. If it be but
the party of Mississippi, I will stand with her.
If it be but the party of one State, I will stand
with it; and for the principle embodied in this
amendment. For thirty years I have walked the
deck of the old Democratic ship. During that
time she has again and again made the port in
safety. Once or twice she has gone aground, but
soon was put afloat again by the returning tide.
I want to stand upon her deck still. Like my
colleague, I believe she will ride out this storm.
I have heard that she is growingold and decayed,
and is no longer seaworthy. Perhaps it is so;
I hope not; butwhen 1 leave the deckof the good
old Democratic ship, be it understood by all men
that I will not go to sea in a cockboat, which will
be overset by the first little squall that overtakes
her. If I leave the old Democratic ship, I mean
to stand on a platform such as is embodied in the
amendment I have offered; about which I under-
take to say there is no equivocation, no doubt, no
hesitation. U meets the question broad and square
and flat. If it does not, tell me in whatever lan-
guage I shall couch it to meet the issue as it is. I
am against squatter sovereignty in all its phases
and ail its aspects. I am for no equivocation, for
no doubtful language; and no one knows it better
than the Senator from Illinois. This is all at this
time that I have to say.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, most of
the speech of the Senator from Mississippi [Mr.
Davis] I cordially approve of. There arc one or
two points, however, m which I differ "frith him;
and notwithstanding the lateness of the hour, if
Senators will indulge me for a few moments, I
shall endeavor to state them. If I understand his
resolutions aright, they contemplate intervention
by Congress for the protection, in the Territories,
of property m slaves. For some years past we
have stood on the doctrine of non-intervention,
and there is no middle ground which we can take.
The Senator fiom Mississippi says that he does
not approve of a slave code. Well, sir, what are
we to understand by a slave code ? I take it it is
legislation to protect or to regulate property in
slaves. If you depart front the principle of non-
intervention, and legislate to protect property in
slaves, you necessarily make some sort of a slave
code, and it may be either a short one or a long
one.
I am opposed to departing, at this time, from
the policy of non-intervention. I was not one of
the original advocates of that measure. On the
contrary, twelve or fifteen years ago, in common
with the great body of the South, T maintained
the opinion that the Federal Government had
complete jurisdiction over the Territories; and I
voted for the extension of the Missouri compro-
mise line to the Pacific. That necessarily implied
two things: first, that Congress had power to
prohibit slavery in the Territories; second, that
it had power to establish or protect it; becausc the
original Missouri compromise line declared, in the
exact terms of the Wilmot proviso, that north
of the line of 36° 30' slavery or involuntary servi-
tude never should exist, while it was allowed to
remain south of it. Every one of us who voted
for the extension of that lino thereby necessarily
admitted that this Government had authority to
establish or protect slavery in aTerritory, and also
to prohibit it. We were all sworn to support
the Constitution; and if we had denied the power,
we could not have given the vote. I am free to
say that I subsequently changed my opinion; and
prior to the decision in the Dred Scott case I pub-
lished my views in accordance with the doctrinc
laid down in that decision, as I understand it.
That, however, is merely personal to myself, and
cannot affect the Senate.
But, sir, in 1847, General Cass brought forward
the non-intervention doctrine. He was sustained
by DanielS. Dickinson and by John-C. Calhoun,
and other distinguished statesmen; and though I
was then an opponent of it, I am free to say that
I believe its advocates were perhaps nearer right
than I was. So remarkable was the statement of
Mr. Calhoun at that time that I shall ask the in-
dulgence of the Senate for a single moment while
I read a few extracts from his speech. Some of
his remarks were almost prophetic, and anything
from him has great weight with gentlemen of the
school to which the Senator from Mississippi and
myself belong. In his opening remarks in his
speech of June 27, 1848, he said :
"There is a very striking difference between the position
in which the slaveholdmg and non-slaveholding States
stand in reference to the subject undei consideration. The
foimer desire no action of the Government; demand no law
to give them any advantage in the Territory about to be
established; are willing to leave it, and other Territories be-
longing to the United States open to all their citizens, so
long us they continue to be Territories, and when they
cease to be so, to leave it to their inhabitants to form such
governments as may suit them, without restriction or con-
dition, except that imposed by the Constitution as a pre-
requisite for admission into the Union. In shoit, they arc
willing to leave the whole subject where the Constitution
and the great and fundamental principles ofsclf-governmcnt
place it."
What further did lie say ?
"Nor should theNoith fear that, byleavingit where jus-
tice and the Constitution leave it, she would be excluded
from her full share of the Terutoiies. In my opinion, if it
be left there, climate, soil, and other eiicumstanees, would
fix the line between the slaveholdmg and non-sdavcholding
States in about 30° 530'. It may zig-zag a little, to accom-
modate itself to oireumstanees; sometime* parsing to the
noith and at others to the south of it; but that would matter
little, and would be more satisfactory to all, and tend Ir^s
to alienation between the two great sections than a rigid,
straight, artificial line, prescribed by an act of Congre*-.."
**********
" But [ go further, and hold that justice and the Consti-
tution are the easiest and safest guard on which the ques-
tion can be settled, regarded in leference to party, it may
be settled on that ground simply by non-action—by leaving
the Territories free and open to the emigration of all thp
world, so long as they continue so; and when they become
States, to adopt whatever constitution they please, with the
single restuction to be republican, in oider to their admis-
sion into the Union. If a party cannot safely take this broad
and solid position, and successfully maintain it, what other
can it take and maintain
Remember, this was an earnest exhortation to
the Democratic party, prior to the assemblage of
its national convention m that year.
" If it cannot maintain it«elf by an appeal to the gieat
principles of justice, the Constitution, and ^elf-governmont,
to what other, sufficiently strong to uphold them in public
opinion, can they appeal ? I gieatly mistake the character
of the people of this Union, if such an appeal would not
prove successful, if either party should have the magna-
nimity to step forward and boldly make it. It would, in my
opinion, be received with shouts of approbation by the pa-
triotic anil intelligent in eveiy quarter. There is a deep
feeling porvadms'the country that the Union and our polit-
ical institutions aie in danger, which such a cour^c would
dispel."—sftjrpcndix to Congressional Globe, first session
Thirtieth Congiefs, p. 87:2.
That position was taken by him and others, and
maintained, and gradually obtained strength until,
in 1850, it received a majority of the votes of the
southern members and of the Democratic party,
and became a part of the public law of the coun-
try. I hold, sir, that this was emphatically a com-
promise between the sections: and I propose now
to give several reasons, which I can do in a few
minutes, why I am for maintaining it, although at
the time it was adopted I was opposed to it. I
place this view in the foreground: northern gen-
tlemen, be it recollected, insisted on the Wilmot
proviso, to prohibit slavery in the Territories, and
we of the South claimed protection. When the
Wilmot proviso was brought up, there were only
seven or eight Democrats m the flousc of Repre-
sentatives who resisted it. Among them I recol-
lect the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] and
his colleague at that time, who is now a member
of the other House, and who was voted for at an
early day of the session for Speaker, [Mr. Mc-
Clernand.] Excepting those gentlemen, I be-
lieve, there is no one else now in the public coun-
cils from the North who opposed it. Many men
ot the North said," If we are to legislate to fix the
status of the Territories, as we represent free com-
munities, we will carry out their views; but if you
think proper to turn over the whole question to
the people, under the Constitution, we will join
you in that, and vote down the Wilmot proviso*"
That was subsequently accomplished; and in
1852, when the national conventions adopted it, it
became the settled policy of the country, and those
m the South who had opposed it acquiesced and
adopted it.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator from Missis-
sippi argues that that policy of non-intervention
did not mean to deny the right to protect*, that it
merely pledged Congress not to establish or to pro-
hibit slavery, but did not deny protection to it. I
might, by adverting to the discussions of that day,
show that a different construction was then put
upon it by gentlemen generally; but I have some
authority here which binds the whole party to
which that Senator and myself belong, and which,
I think, ought to be conclusive—I mean the last
clause of the thirty-second section of the Kansas-
Nebraska bill, which the Administration of that
day, of which he was a member, made an Admin-
istration measure, and which received the support
of the Democratic members of the two Houses;
and I ask the particular attention of the Senate to
the language:
" That the Constitution, and all laws of the United States
which are not locally inapplicable, shall have the same
foiee and effect within the said Territory of Kansas as else-
wheie within the United States, except the eighth section
of the act preparatory to the admission of M issouri into the
Union, approved March 0, 1820, which, being inconsistent
with thu punciple of non-intervention by Congress with
slavery m the States and Territories, as reeognized by the
legislation of 1850, commonly called the compromise meas-
ures, ishereby declared inoperative and void ; it being the
true intent and meaning of this act not to legislate slavery
into any Terutory or State or to exclude it therefrom, but
to leave the people thereof perfectly tree tofoim and regu-
late their domestic institutions in their own way, subject
only to the Constitution of the United States."
The Missouri line was repealed; and why?
Because it was unconstitutional or wrong in itself?
No, sir; but because it was " inconsistent with
the principle of non-intervention by Congress
with slavery in the States and Territories."
1 admit, if the act had stopped there, there might
have been some plausibility in the argument; but
what is the conclusion?
" Provided, That nothing herein contained shall be con-
strued to revive or put in force any law or regulation which
may have existed prior to the act of 6th March, 1820,
either protecting, establishing, prohibiting, or abolishing
slavery."
That is, Congress would not only not interfere
itself; would not only not allow its own statutes
to stand in the way, but would not revive any old
law which might have been of force by which sla-
very was protected in that Territory. Is it not
perfectly clear that the whole purpose of the act,
and of the party at that day, was to free Congress
from all legislation over the subject of slavery in
the Territories, whether by way of protection, or
establishment, or prohibition, and leave the Ter-
ritory free to act, as the Constitution permitted it?
I remember well how that clause came to be in-
serted in the bill. During the discussion, it was
said, by gentlemen who opposed the bill, that if
Congress simply repealed the restriction, the re-
sult would be that the old Louisiana law, estab-
lishing and protecting slavery, would be revived.
To meet that argument this clause was introduced
became a part of the bill, and received the sup-
! port of every friend of the bill who voted for it m
! both Houses of Congress.
I submit, therefore, that, upon a fair construc-
tion of that act, you can come to no other conclu-
sion than that Congress intended to abnegate
the exercise of any power over this question in
the Territories, and to deny its purpose to legis-
late, whether to establish or prohibit, or to re-
strict or protect slavery in the Territories; and
in 1856, in our platform, we expressly declared
the doctrine, "non-intervention with slavery in
State or Territory, and in the District of Colum-
bia." Where did that leave it? Congress left it,
of course, in the States, to the States; in the Tor-
ritoiios—there being no law of Congress left, for
that repeal removed the last act of Congress which
bore upon them—it left it unaffected in any way
by congressional legislation; {^hd in the District
of Columbia shivery had already been established,
and was protected by law, so that it left it there
