1944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
untouched. I say this declaration received the
unanimous assent of all the States represented in
the Cincinnati convention. I happened to be a
member of that convention—the only convention '
of the kind which I believe I ever had the honor
of being in; and I may have a little personal
pride in that matter, but 1 am very sure lam not
mistaken when I say it was unanimously adopted
by all the delegates there assembled, alike from
the North and the South. We also, out of abund-
ance of caution to meet the views of our oppo-
nents, voted, that every new State should be ad-
mitted with or without slavery, as it pleased.
Then, Mr. President, where do we stand? The
Democracy of the North and the South agreed
upon this principle of non-intervention. If there
ever was a compromise made under this Govern-
ment, that was one. Each side surrendered some-
thing. "We surrendered our claim to protection;
our northern friends abandoned the Wilmot pro-
viso, and everything looking to it, and met us on
common ground. Though I was not an original
party to the agreement, I am bound to it by my
acquiescence; and I hold that neither section can
honorably depart from it without some great
pressing necessity, which does not now exist.
I know it is said that the Dred Scott decision
has modified the question. I confess I do not
think so. 1 fully agree to the decision in the
sense in which the Senator from Mississippi ex-
plains it; but lot us test it for a moment m this
way: in that decision the court say the Missouri
compromise line, or the Wilmot proviso, is un-
constitutional. Granted; but suppose they had
decided the other way, and said it was constitu-
tional, would the northern men have had a right
to come forward and say, " this question being
settled in our favor, the Supreme Court having
admitted that the Wilmot proviso is constitu-
tional; we now want to go in for intervention
against slavery I am sure every Democrat in
the South would have said at once, "though you
have this power, you are not bound to exercise
it." Well, suppose the court decide thntCongress
have the right to protect, and not to prohibit; can
we honorably and fairly, without a great press-
ing necessity, abandon the policy of non-inter-
vention? 1 think not.
Now, is there any such necessity? The Sen-
ator himself admits* that there is not. His col-
league [Mr. Brown] insists that we ought to have
a slave code or congressional legislation on the
subject: but the Senator from Mississippi, to whom
I am replying, says that there is no such neces-
sity at this tunc. Th'-u why depart from the prin-
ciple of nou-intervt-nlion > 1 am free to admit that
if, in an unwise moment, a nmn makes a com-
promise that is ruinous to hnn, he may, under
great necessity, avoid if, perhaps; but i deny that
any such necessity exists in this case; and the
highest evidence of it is that the Senator from
Mississippi, who sits behind me, [Mr. Brown,]
has been striving for the last three or four months
to get a positive act passed to protect slavery in
Kansas, and he has never yet found a second for
it, I believe. If anyone Senatoi upon this floor,
notwithstanding the urgent and eloquent appeals
of that gentleman, has declared his willingness to
vote for it, I have not heard him say so, and I do
not believe there is such a one. And yet every-
body knows that Kansas has lately refused all
protection to slave property. If gentlemen, there-
fore, intend to stand up for all their rights to the
fullest extent, why not at once come up and pass
a law to proiect slaves in Kansas? They show,
by their conduct, that they do not believe thatany
real necessity exisu in fact for departing from
non-intervention.
I say, then, Mr. President, that in my judg-
ment no necessity exists for an abandonment of
thecompromise; but the Senator proposes to make
a declaration that we shall do it in a future con-
tingency. I have no doubt of the power of the
Government, but why make that declaration ? A
declaration of the Senate binds nobody. These
are naked resolutions; they are not laws; they
carry no force to the country except what may be
derived from the soundness of the opinions ad-
vanced in them. They will not control the action
of the courts. They will not, perhaps, change
the opinion of a single man in this country. Why
pass them ? I think I shall show, before I take
m y seat, some very valid and strong reasons why
we should not do so.
My first objection, then, is, that the system of
non-intervention is a compromise, and that no ne-
cessity exists to abrogate it, as I have already
stated. I come now to my second objection.
During the discussion of1850, theadvocates of non-
intervention said, if you adopt it, if you leave the
question to the Territorial Legislature, they may
pass laws to protect slave property. I resisted it.
I made speech after speech to show that the Mex-
icans were hostile to us; that they were not ac-
customed to slavery, and would legislate against
it; but what has been the result? New Mexico
has passed themostsfringent slave code. There
is, perhaps,-not a State in the Union that has, by
law, protected slave property more securely than
the Territory of New Mexico, which reaches
from Texas to the Gulf of California, and extends
up to the thirty-eighth degree of north latitude.
We were content with the line of 36° 30', we were
willing to run the Missouri line to the Pacific,
and- abolish slavery absolutely north of 36° 30',
and take a mere implication without an express
protection south of it. Sir, practically by non-
intervention, we have got more than we asked
for; we have got a larger amount of territory than
we should have obtained under the Missouri com-
promise line. Gentlemen may say, perhaps, that
Kansas has legislated against us. I grant it; but
we should not have got Kansas at all under the
Missouri compromise. Kansas only comes down
to the thirty-seventh parallel, the whole Territory
being north of the Missouri compromise line. Be-
sides, while-New Mexico has legislated in our
favor, and the same thing, I believe, is true of
Utah 
Mr. GREEN. I wish to correct the Senator in
a matter of fact. Utah has not passed any law
protecting slavery. They have an apprentice sys-
tem, which expires there in a very short time.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I am obliged to the gen-
tleman for the suggestion; but I consider the fact
with reference to Utah immaterial, because it lies
on a table land several thousand feet above the
sea, very far north, reaching up to the forty-scc-
ond parallel, and having a very cold climate.
Surely, the Senator does not deny the fact that, as
far as New Mexico is concerned, we have got
everything we desire, and that it covers more terri-
tory than we claimed in 1850. I was about to say,
though, that even m Kansas slave property was
protected by the Territorial Legislature for several
years, but lately they have legislated against it.
I believe that, but for the extraordinary excite-
ment winch grew up out of the repeal of the Mis-
souri restriction, the Territory of Kansas never
would have legislated adversely to us, but we all
know that a great crowd were sent in there from
the North, with extreme anti-slavery views, and
the,result of the excitement there has been legis-
lation against us; but we are no worse off in that
respect than if we had never repealed the restric-
tion, and we are far better off as far as the Terri-
tory of New Mexico is concerned, by adopting
non-intervention.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Will the gentleman give
way to a motion to adjourn:
Mr. CLINGMAN. As it is late, if there is no
objection to the question going over until to-mor-
row, it will be more agreeable to me.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 7, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. T. H. Stockton.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved
SARDINIA.
Mr. BURLINGAME. With the unanimous
consent of the House, I beg leave to report from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs a bill to amend
an act regulating the diplomatic and consular
system of the United States.
There was no objection; and the bill was re-
ported, and read a first and second time.
Mr. HOUSTON. Let the bill be read through.
The bill was read in extenso. It provides that
after the 30th of June next, the kingdom of Sar-
dinia be ranked in schedule A of the consular
and diplomatic bill, approved August 18,1856,
with Russia, Austria, Brazil,and China; that the
President shall, by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, appointa representative to the
kingdom of Sardinia of the grade ofenvoy extraor-
dinary and minister plenipotentiary, who shall
receive for his services an annual compensation
of $12,000; and a secretary of legation, who shall
receive for his service an annual compensation of
§1,800; and that all acts and partsof actsfixing the
rank and compensation of the representative of
the United States and secretary of legation at
Sardinia be repealed, so far as the same are in-
consistent with this act.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 would like to know what
construction the gentleman proposes to put upon
the word "shall," in the second section of the
bill—whether the President is required to take
such action although it may conflict with his
judgment?
Mr. BURLINGAME. The language of the
bill is the ordinary language of similar bills.
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 know the word "shall"
is often construed to mean 44 may."
Air. BURLINGAME. I have no objection to
the amendment of the gentleman from Alabama.
By unanimous consent, the second section of
the bill was amended by substituting the word
" may" for " shall."
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and, being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved the
previous question upon the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the bill was passed.
Mr. BURLINGAME moved to reconsider the
vote by wh ich the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TERRITORIAL BUSINESS.
Mr. GROW. The special order set down for
to-day is territorial business, I believer
The SPEAKER. That is the case.
Mr. ELIOT. I would like to inquire whether,
under the rules, the States are not first to be called
for reports ?
The SPEAKER. Territorial business is first
in order.
Mr. GROW. If the House will hear me a
moment, I desire to make an appeal to them. I
wish a postponement of the consideration of the
territorial business; and I desire to state the
reasons why I desire to postpone it until Thurs-
day and Friday of this week; arid when gentlemen
hear the reasons, I presume there will be no ob-
jection from either side of the House. There are
some of my colleagues, and some other gentlemen
on this &de of the House, who desire to go to the
Chicago convention. The next business after this
territorial business is out of the way, would be
the tariff bill. The gentlemen to whom I refer are
anxious to be upon the record upon that ques-
tion, and tiiat they cannot be if that bill is not
taken up until after the territorial business is dis-
posed of. 1 therefore ask that the consideration
of the territorial business be set down for Thurs-
day and Friday of this week.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think we ore ready
to vote upon the tariff bill, and probably will not
be until gentlemen come back from the Chicago
convention. I woulfl rather, if it will satisfy the
other side of the House, come to some understand-
ing, that we shall transact, in the mean time, some
other business. If you choose, however, to dis-
cuss the tariff, very well; but do not let the vote
be taken upon it until after the Chicago conven-
tion.
Mr. GROW. Will the gentleman from Ala-
bama hear me a moment? This territorial busi-
ness was the special order for Wednesday and
Thursday of last week; but owing to the absence
of a large number of members upon that side of
the House, it was postponed until this week, and
now 
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not opposing the mo-
tion to postpone the consideration of the territo-
rial business; but I am opposing anything which
will force us to a vote upon the tariff bill to-mor-
row or n^xt day.
Mr. GROW. I am not asking the House to
take up the tariff bill. I am only giving^the rea-
sons for the postponement of the territorial busi-
ness until Thursday and Friday next.
