2888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
oppose it, and think $500 monthly is enough, will
vote against it.
Mr. BRIGHT. If the Senate gave attention to
the reading of the letter of the Secretary of the
Interior, they understand that the amendment
simply is, that the marshals shall have the same
compensation for talcing the eighth that they had
for taking the sixth census.
Mr. HALE. I can write a letter—that I do not
think they ought to have another cent.
Mr. PUGH. As $6,000 is the salary of all the
judges of the Supreme Court, except the chief
justice, I think it is enough for the marshals.
The chief justice gets $6,500, and the other eight
justices get $6,000. I think that is enough for a
marshal.
Mr. BRIGHT. The answer to that is, that
every marshal has one, two, three, four, and some
of them perhaps ten, deputies.
Mr. PUGH. Arc not the deputies paid in ad-
dition ?
Mr. BRIGHT. No,sir. ["Oh,yes!"] For a
particular kind of service they are paid; but there
is service that they are not paid for.
Mr. TOOMBS. The Senator from Indiana is
inaccurate in his statement in reference to the
marshals. The limitation is that there may be a
clear net $6,000 a year to the marshals. I looked
into the subject some two years ago. This lim-
itation was put on in 1849. Before that time,
some marshals had from fifty to sixty thousand
dollars a year, according to testimony taken in
1842; and I believe that, from that day to now,
they have got but $6,000. That lias been the work-
ing of the law; but nothing has ever been paid
into the Treasury.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BRIGHT. I have several other amend-
ments, but I see such a disinclination to adopt them
thatl shall not offer them. They are for improve-
ments in the city that come necessarily before the
Committee on Public Buildingsund Grounds; but
the temper of the Senate is such that I shall not
offer them.
Mr. TOOMBS. The bill is very light. I think
itcan carry almostany additional weight. [Laugh-
ter.] We had better put them all on. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I have an amendment
which I beg to offer, notwithstanding this de-
-.*■ spairing condition of my friend from Indiana. I
will venture to offer this amendment, inasmuch
as it does not contain a very large appropriation,
and I hope it will be adopted:
Jlnd he it further rnrtrtril, 'J'lmt the President of (lie Uni-
ted States 1)V, and lie lierrhy i <, aiuliorizi'it 1" appoint I wo
commissioner-, winwtltuv it shall In1 to proceed to the
northern frontier of the rttate uf and take testimony,
Milder such lulesainl regulations ;u-*liutl lie piehcnbi-d by
the Secrt'lary of thf Interior, a« to depredations and ^poll-
utions committed since tho Kith day of iteeember, iKjl), 011
cittzen.s of the United States 011 s.nd tumtiei by Indians
bubjecl 10 tin: jurisdiction ol tlleUnited States. Said com
llliSMOilers shall he allowed a compensation ol eiybt, dol-
lars per litem and their aetnal neeessarv navelne* e.\pen-op.
And for 1 tie purpose of dei.aj ui£ ibe e.\pcnst> of s.ud com -
mission, the sum of ijliio.ooo' is beieiiv appiopriated on! of
any money in tile Trrasurv not otherwise appropiinteti, lo
be expended under tile direction ol the riceiet-uy ot tile In-
terior,
Mr. HUNTER,. I hope that will not pass. I
understand it to be a commission for hunting up
claims. We ha\e lefused such things heretofore
in New Mexico.
Mr. HEMPHILL. At this late hour I will
say but a few words 011 this amendment. These
spoliations have been committed on the fiontier
of Texas since the beginning of her history.
They have continued from the hour of annexation
to this moment. But this amendment does not
propose investigation prior to 1850. Those ante-
cedent to that (late should be paid as well as those
subsequent. But 1 will not discuss that question
now.
There are 110 Indian superintendents or agents
by whom this testimony might be taken; and
when the evidence of these depredations is taken
before State magistrates or officers, and offered
here, objections are made that the proof is insuf-
ficient, or, in some respect or other, is not com-
plete and satisfactory proof of the facts. JNo
specific instructions have been sent by the Gov-
ernment or the Secretary of the Interior to State
officers as to the mode or amount of proof of
claims of this character; and as a consequence,
claims of the highest merit may be, and doubtless
often have been, rejected on some frivolous pre-
text of defect in the proof.
This amendmentdoes notcommit the Senate to
the acknowledgment or payment of these claims,
but only to collect suoh proof in relation to them
as cannot be disputed; to furnish authentic data
on which Congress may act, and may discrim-
inate between those which should be paid and
those which impose no obligation on the Govern-
ment.
Surely a request so reasonable and so moder-
ate cannot be refused. Many of these spoliations
are good claims against the Government; and the
evidence should now be taken when the witnesses
still live, and the facts are fresh in the memory.
I hope that this small boon will not be refused
to a people who have suffered every calamity in-
cident to savage warfare.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ar-
kansas.
Mr. PUGH. Let it be read.
Mr. HALE. I object. It has been read once.
The PRESIDING' OFFICER. Then the ques-
tion must be decided by the Senate, whether it
shall be read again.
The question being put, the Senate refused to
order the amendment to be rend again.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the question
on the amendment, and declared it was rejected.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I call for the yeas and
nays. ["Too late!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that it is too late; the question has
been decided.
Mr. HEMPHILL. I think the Chair did not
announce the result before I called for the yeas
and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The result has
been announced. The amendment is rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time, and, on the question of its pas-
sage,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, called for the
yeas and nays; and they were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2'2, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. liigler, lirasrs, Bright, Cameron, Ciies-
nut, Oimgman, Davis. Fitch, Foster, Green, Gwm, Hun-
ter, Johnson of Aikansas, Kennedy, Lane, Lfttham, t'oik,
Kiee, ^auMutry, Sebastian, Thomson, and Yuiefi—22.
NAY^—Messrs. Bingham, Chandler, Oaik, Dooiitlle,
Hale, Hamlin, Italian, Hemphill, Johnson 01 Tennessee,
King, l'oweil, Push, Simmons,Toombs,Trumbiiii, Wade,
Wigtull, and Wilson—18.
So the bill was passed.
IIOUSK 1SIU.S REFER&ED.
The bill (II. R. No. 500) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending the
30thof .Tunc, 1861, was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. II. JNo. 350) making appropria-
tions for light-houses, beacons, buoys, &c., was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
KILL I.XTRODUCED.
Mr. W1GFALL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
503) to amend the fn st section of "An act to pro-
vide for the organization of a regiment of mounted
volunteeis for the defense of the frontiers of
Texas," approved 7th April, 1858; which was
reed twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. I move to take up the bill
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive, and judicial expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1861, so as to
adjourn on it as the unfinished business.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. HUNTER, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 12, 1860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
AX'POISTMENT ON COMMITTEE.
The Speaker appointed Mr. Beale a member of
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and Mr. Hall
a member of the Committee on Roads and Canals,
to supply vacancies occasioned by the decease of
Mr. Burroughs.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Patton, a clerk in the office of the Secretary
of the Senate, informing the House that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, an act (H.
R. No. 566) for the relief of Francis Lavonture
and Pierre Grignon.
GEOLOGICAL SURVEY 05 OREGON, ETC.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I ask the unanimous
consent of the House to discharge the Committee
on Public Lands from the further consideration
of the bill of the Senate No. 149, making appro-
priation to supply the deficiencies in the appro-
priation for the completion of the geological sur-
vey of Oregon and Washington Territories, with
a view that it shall be considered in the House.
Mr. THOMAS. I object.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I shall move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in order
until after the morning hour has expired.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. One word as to the
question of order. This is a general appropria-
tion bill, and it comes within the exception of the
resolution of yesterday allowinga motion to sus-
pend the rules upon appropriation bills during the
morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
motion is not in order under the resolution of
yesterday.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. Is this not a general
appiopriation bill? #
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes not.
But that is not material, because, under that res-
olution, the Chair is bound to call the committees
for reports during the morning hour.
GENERAL HARNEY.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Rrsolvcil, That the Secretary of War bo requested to fur-
nish to the House of Representatives all correspondence
upon file in the War Department not heretofore published,
having rcferenec to General Harney's administration of the
department of Oregon.
The SPEAKER then commenced the call of
committees for reports, commencing where the
call was suspended yesterday.
ECLIPSE OF THE SUN.
Mr. PETTIT, from the Joint Committee on
the Library, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass, a resolution (S. No. 35) pro-
viding for the observation of the eclipse of the
sun, which will occur on the 18th day of July
next; and callcd the previous question upon its
passage.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and directs
the Superintendent of the United States Coast
Survey to furnish a vessel and provisions for the
conveyance to the most suitable point on the east-
ern coast of this continent for observing the total
eclipse of the sun, which will occur on the 18th
day of July next, of astronomers, not exceeding
five in number, and their assistants, to be selected
by the Superintendent of the Coast Survey; pro-
vided that the United States shall not be liable to
any other charge on account of said astronomers
and their assistants than their conveyance and
sustenance as before specified, and that they shall
furnish their observations for the use of the Coast
Survey without further charge.
Mr. GARTRELL-. I object to the introduc-
tion of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes that the
biii is properly before the House, as it comes in
as a report of a committee under the resolution
adopted yesterday.
Mr. THOMAS. I desire to call the attention
of the Speaker to that resolution. By that reso-
lution, committees were to be called" for reports
for reference only.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman misappre-
hends the purport of the resolution. It provides
that the balance of the committees which have not
been called this session shall be called in the reg-
ular way duiing the morning hour.
Mr. THOMAS. What committee does that
bill come from ?
