1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1945
Mr. HOUSTON. X have no objection to that
part of the arrangement, but I would like to have
the tariffbiil postponed with it. [Cries o'f " No!"
"No !"] Then I am opposed to the postponement
of a part, without the whole. We are not ready
for a vote upon the tariff bill now.
Mr. BARR. I object to taking Friday for ter-
ritorial business, because it is private bill day.
Mr. PHELPS. I wish the attention of the
gentleman from Ohio, and also the gentleman
from Pennsylvania.
Air. GROW. The special order of business
for to-day is the consideration of territorial busi-
ness, and upon that I am entitled to the floor; and,
if there is no assent to my proposition, I propose
to go on.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, that if the territorial
business is postponed, we upon this side of the
House also desire a postponement of the tariff
bill. Meanwhile, we might expedite the business
of the House by taking up some appropriation
bill — the Post Office appropriation bill, for in-
stance—upon which there isa necessityforspeedy
action. By proceeding to the consideration of that
or some other appropriation bill this week, 1 pre-
sume that we will be ready next week to proceed
to the consideration of the tariff question, and take
the vote in a reasonable time. 1 know that some
gentlemen have made their arrangements under
the expectation that the territorial business would
consume two days, at least, of this week, and that
perhaps some other appropriation bill would con-
sume another day, which would carry the vote
upon the tariff bill over until next week. 1 cer-
tainly have made my arrangements in that way. ;
There are members of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and members of the House, who de-
sire to discuss the tariff question. Hitherto, the
discussion has been devoted to general politics,
with a few exceptions. J. am aware that, under
the order of the House, when the tariff bill is taken
up, no discussion will be in order unless it is con-
fined to the tariff question. •
Mr. GROW. 1 do not think it is fair to mix
up any other business with my request to the
House. I make my appeal upon this ground:
last week the territorial business, which was set
down for Wednesday and Thursday, was post-
poned until tlus week, because very many gentle-
men upon that side of the House were detained
at Charleston by unforseen contingencies. I
thought it was not fair to take up that business
while the House was so thin. The business was
postponed then for the accommodation of the
other side of the House, and now 1 have been ap-
pealed to by gentlemen upon this side of the House
that I would further postpone the business until
Wednesday and Thursday of this week. They
do not care to be upon the record upon territorial
business. I make no request that you should
postpone this business, and take up the tariff bill.
All 1 ask is, that you will treat this side of tlic
House with the same courtesy with which we
have treated the other side of the House. That
is the only request 1 have to make.
Air. MORRIS, of Illinois. I desire to give no-
tice that, when the bills for the organization of
Territories shall be taken up, I shall move, as an
amendment to each of them, the bill which I have
introduced into this House providing that the
people of the Territories now organized, and of
those hereafter to be organized, shall elect their
own officers.
Mr. GROW. I hope gentlemen will allow me
tQ know whether it is the decision of the House
to postpone the consideration of this business
unui Thursday and Friday. If it is, I am through;
if it is not, 1 am ready to go on.
Mr. PHELPS. For one, I say, 1 prefer to pro-
ceed to the consideration of territorial business,
unless the tariff matter can be arranged m the
manner 1 have indicated.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Numbers of gen-
tlemen upon this side of the House are indebted
to the indulgence ofgentlemen upon the other side
of the House, during their absence at Charleston.
Some members of the Committee on Territories
were there. These bills were introduced in the
absence ofgentlemen, and need examination. The
Wilraot proviso is inserted in all of them, and
that needs examination and review. I hope that
the consideration of the question will be post-
poned till Thursday and Friday, so that it may
receive that consideration which its importance
merits.
The question being on Mr. Grow's motion,
Mr. HOUSTON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GROW. I desire to know from the Chair
whether if the motion to postpone be carried in
the affirmative, the territorial business will be the
special order for Thursday and Friday.
The SPEAKER. It will be the special order
for those two days.
Mr. GROW I only want to say to the other
side of the House, that I think the same courtesy
should be extended to this side of the House that
we extended to the other side.
Mr. BARR. We have no objection to the
postponement, except that Friday*is private bill
day.
Mr. GROW. Yes; but it is a day for discus-
sion.
The question was taken; and it was dccided in
the affirmative—yeas 133, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charics F. Adam?, Green Adam?, Ad-
rain, Allen, Alley, Thomas L. Anderson, Wiiham C. An-
derson, Babbitt, Karr, Barrett, Bingham, Hlair, lirabgon,
Bristow, Buffinton, Buich, Builiugame, Buruham, Butter-
field, Campbell, Carter, Case, John B. Clark, Clopton,
Cobb, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax, Cooper, Cuny, Curtr*,
John G. Davi*, Dawe?, Delano, Dueil, Dunn, Edgerton,
Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Etiieridge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Flor-
ence, Foster, Frank, French, Gooeh, Grow, Guiley, Hale,
Hamilton, J. Morrison Harris, Ilaskin, Hauon, Heinnck,
Hickman, Hoard, llolinun, Howard, Hughes, Humphrey,
Hutchins, Irvine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, Kenyon,
Kiigoie, Kilhnger, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Lo-
gan, Longneeker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Mallory, Marston,
Charles D. Martin, McKean, MeKnight, Milhvard, Mont-
gomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham Moore, Moorhead,
Morrill, Edward Joy Morris, Isaac N. Morris, Moi>e, Nel-
son, Niblack, Palmer, Pettit, Porter, Potter, Pugh, Rey-
nolds, Rice, lUgg^, James C. Robinson, Ro\ce, Seiivvaitz,
Scott, Scranton, Sedgwick, Sherman, Smnns, Some.«,
Spinner, Stalhvorth, Stanton, Stevens, William Stewart,
Stokes, Stout, Stiatton, Tappan. Tbayei,Theakei,Tomp-
kins, Tram,Vandever,Veiree, Wade, Walton, Cadwalader
C. Washburn, Elhhu B. Washbnrne, Israel Washburn,
Webster, Wells, VVindoin, Wood, and WoodiufT—1U3.
NAYS—Messrs. Avery, Bark^dale, Bonham, Boteler,
Boyoe. Burnett, John Cochrane, Builon Craige, Craw.ord.
Gartrell. Hardeman, John T. Harris, Hill, Houston, Jack-
son, Jenkins, Jones, Keitt, Love, Maynard, McUueen,
Peyton, Phelps, Pryor, Uuailes, Ruffin, Ku^t, William X
Fl. Smith, Stevenson, Thomas, Vallandigbam, Vance,
Winslow, and Wright—34.
So tlio consideration of territorial business was
postponed till Thursday and Friday next.
During the vote,
Mr. FE-NTON stated that lie was paired with
Mr. Branch till ta-moriow.
Mr. KEITT stated that he had been requested
by Mr. Ed.mcsdson to procure a pair for him,
and that Mr. Waldrom had obliged him by pair-
ing with Mr. Edmdndsojt.
Mr. STRATTON stated that Mr. Nixon had
paired with Mr. Wiiitdley.
Mr COBB said: I have voted "no;" but I un-
derstand that the chairman of the Committee 011
Territories extended courtesies to our side of the
House, and I am determined that no man shall
extend courtesics to me without my extending the
same courtesies to him. I therefore change my
vote,and vote "ay."
Mr. DUELL stated that Mr. Spauldixg was
paired with Mr. Maclay.
Messrs Cox and Ashmore not being in the bar
when their names were called, asked leave to vote.
Objection was made.
Mr. BOTELER said: I voted "ay;" but I re-
member that the Constitutional Union convention
will be in session this week in Baltimore, a con-
vention which seems to be ignored for the present
by both sides of the House. I hoped that the
convention would have got through by Wednes-
day next, and still hope that it will; but it may
possibly sit oil Thursday, and it would be well
for those members of the House who desire to be
there, to record their votes on this tariff question.
Mr. GROW. I did not think of ignoiing the
Baltimore convention, but as there will be no
" irrepressible conflict" involved ill it, I supposed
one day would be enough for it.
Mr BOTELER. There is 110 irrepressible con-
flict theic.
Mr. GROW. And therefore I supposed you
would get through 111 one day.
Mr. BOTELER.. It will be a harmonious con-
vention. I vote "no."
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States was received, by Mr. James Buchawak,
his Private Secretary, informing the House that
he had approved and signed an act supplemental
to an act entitled " An act providing for taking
the seventh and subsequent censuse's of the Uni-
ted States, to fix the number of members of the
House of Representatives, and to provide for the
future apportionment of States," approved May
23, 1850.
TRANSPORTATION OF MAILS.
Mr. BOYCE, by unanimous consent, offered
the following resolution; which was read,consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inquire whether any further
legislation is necessary to secure ihe transportation of Uni-
ted States mails through the States of North Carolina and
South Carolina.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. COBB. And I rise to a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I have the floor;
and I submit the motion to go into committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 rise to a
question of order. What is the regular order of
business ?
The SPEAKER. The regular business before
the House is the call of States for bills and reso-
lutions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I in-
sist on the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] however, is a
privileged question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have a vote taken
011 the tariff bill, and get it out of the way as soon
as possible.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
report the rivci and harbor bill this morning, that
it may be printed and referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union. I ask, ~
therefore, that the States shall be called for bills
and resolutions. The call will not occupy more
than twenty minutes. After^ it has been got
through, we can go into committee.
Mr. STANTON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move to take up the motion to reconsider
the vote 011 the amendment to the Military Acad-
emy bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair decides that it is
not in order, pending the question submitted by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that general debate
on the tariff bill shall close in three hours after
the committee shall have resumed its considera-
tion.
STENOGRAPHER TO COMMITTEE.
Mr. HICKMAN. I desire to offer a resolu-
tion from the Committee on the Judiciary, which
will not take a moment to dispose of. Certainly
there will be no objection to it.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be au-
tnon/.cd to employ a t*teriogtupher,a? theupual rate of com-
pensation, while engaged in the examination of witnesses
m the invwication of the official conduct of lion. John
C. VVatrou*, district judge of the eastern district of Texas.
Mr. HOUSTON. I propose a modification to
jthe resolution. It is to insert, instead of the words
"usual rate of compensation," the words " at
the rate of compensation paid to the reporters for
the Globe.,
Mr. HICKMAN. I have no objection to the
modification.
The resolution was so modified, and was
adopted.
TARIFF BILL AGAIN.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist on my motion to
close debate on the tariff bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not think that the tariff
bill ought to be forced to a vote to-day or to-
morrow. I believe that under such circumstances
there will have been no legitimate debate had upon
that bill at all*
