1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPLAKER. Prom the Committee on the
Library.
Mr. THOMAS. Has that committee been
called ?
The SPEAKER. It has been.
Mr. 1HOMAS. I would like to have the res-
olution read.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 withdraw the previous ques-
tion for the purpose of making this remark. This
joint resolution involves no appropriation what-
ever, its purpose being simply to authorize a ves-
sel attached to the Coast Survey to be used beyond
the coasts of the United States. It is an object
of commercial and scientific interest; is intimately
connected with a coast survey 111 veiifying or cor-
recting our own longitudes, and connecting our
longitudes with those of the Old World, and is now
being promoted, by similar observations, under
the authority of European Governments. I now
call the previous question.
Mr. L.OYEJOY. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman trom Indiana if this object can be accom-
plished without any expense to the Government?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order now.
Mr. LOVEJOY. It will cost over five thousand
dollars
Mr. PETTIT. My answer is, that the vessel
is now m commission, and will cost no more in
being used on the Labrador coast than at home.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its opciation
the bill was ordered to be read a third time, and
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. PETTIT. [ move the previous question
on the passage of disjoint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JONES called for the yeas and nays on the
passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question -vv^is taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 11G, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adnun, Airtrich, William U. Anilcison,
Babbitt, ttnigiiam, Fnunns t'. iiiau. Blake, iioiiham. Uaio-
ler, liouligny, Boyce, llrajton" Uriggs, Bullinion, iSuicJi,
Burlingaine, Burnliam^Cattei, Case, HoraceF. Ulark, John
Cochrane, Coilu\, Curtis, 11. Winter Davis, JolinG. l)avi>,
Dciuno, DmumcK. jDueii, Duim, Edgeiton, .edwards, Eliot,
Ely, English, Parnswurtii, Feutou, Ferry, Foster. Frank,
French, Gouch, Graham, Guiley, Hale, Hall, J. Morn-on
Harris, llaakin, Uelimck, Hickman, Wiiliam Howard,
•Hughes, llumpiirey, Huichms, irvme, Junkm, William
Keliogg, Killinger^ L.irrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Long-
necker, Looims, Malloiv, Marion, Mavnard, McKean,
McKmglit, Mcl'her&on. Jlcltae, Milison,*Millwaid, Mont-
Scott, gcrautou, Siieinum, Sickle*. William N. II. Smith,
Spmner, tftevens, James A. Stewart, Stokes,ritout, Strat-
ton/fappaii,Taylor, Thayei, Tram, Tumble, Vance, Van-
dever, Veriee, Wade. Waldron, Walton, Israel Washburn,
Webster, Wells, Wilson, Windoin, and Woodiuii'—1!(>.
NAYrf—.Vlebsr-s. Allen, A-shmore, Avery, Barksdale.
Beate, j^rabson, Branch, Bristow, Burnett, John B. Clark.
Clopton, Cobb, James Craig, Burton Ciaigo, Ciawlord,
Cun>, Kcubeu Davis, De Jametto, Ethendgf, Fouke.Gar-
nett, Gaitu'lljGiJmer, Hamilton, iJaideman, John T. Hai-
ris, Hutton, lioaid, Hohtiari, Houston, Jones, James M.
Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Lovejoy, Maciay, McQueen,
Laban T. Mooie, Sydeimum Mooie,"Nibiack, Noeii, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Quailes, James C. Llobmson, itoyce, Ruffin.
Sedgwick, Simnia, Singleton, William Smith, StallwouhJ
William Stmvarl, Thomas, Tompkins, Underwood, Cad-,
walackr C. Washburn, Whueley, Woodson, and Wright
—61.
So the joint resolution was passed.
-During the roll-call,
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, on his name being
called, said: I desire to ask a question. I want
to know whether money to pay the expenses of
the expedition has been subscribed by citizens of
the United States, and whether it wdl cost the
Government anything?
Mr. PETTIT. In reply to the gentleman from
Maryland 
Mr. JLOVEJOY. I object to debate.
Mr. PETTIT. 1 say that it will cost the Gov-
ernment nothing, except for conveying and sub-
sisting five persons, as expressed in the resolu-
tion.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I object.
Mr. CxARTRELL stated that Mr. Damdsow
was engaged on the Committee of Enrollment, in I
the Senate. 1
Mr. PRYOR, when his name was called, said: i
Mr. Speaker, I wish to propound an mquiiy to
the patrons of this resolution. I observe*consid-
. erable misapprehension among members around
me as to the import and effect of the resolution.
As I understand it, no expense to the Govern-
ment will result from its adoption. The propo-
sition is merely to authorize a vessel in the Coast
Survey service to be detached,for the purpose of
observing the approaching eclipse. The requisite
sum, I am informed, has already been contrib-
uted by various literary institutions of the coun-
try. It is a very important service—important
in the piomotion of science and to the practical
interests of navigation. The object is to make
observation of the eclipse under circumstances the
most favorable, to the end of determining the
longitude.
Such an opportunity will not occur again for a
century; and in order to enable Government to
improve it, I vote "ay."
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. PETTIT moved to reconsider the vote by
winch the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
the hands of Mr. Patton, one of ifs clerks, noti-
fying the House that the Senate had passed, with-
out amendment, bills of the following titles:
An act (II. R. No. 446) for the relief of Eras-
tus Hutchins;
An act (H. R. No. 8) for the relief of George
P. Marsh; and
_ An act (H. R. No. 385) granting an in valid pen-
sion to Beriah "Wright, of New York.
And that it had passed with an amendment, an
act (H. R. No. 118) to confirm certain private
land claims in the State of Missouri.
Also that the Senate ha 1 passed a resolution
(No. 41) for the relief of Arthur Edwards and his
associates; and an act (No. 347) to declare the
meaning of the act entitled "An act making fur-
ther provisions for the satisfaction of Vutnn'm land
warrants," passed August 31, 1852; in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House.
Also that the Senate had agreed to the amend-
ment of the House to the bill of the Senate No.
84, to facilitate communication betxyeen the Atlan-
tic and Pacific States by electric telegraph, with
amendments; in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
WORKS OE EXPLORING EXPEDITION.
Mr. PETTIT. I am directed by the Joint.Com-
mittuc on the Library, to report back Senate res-
olution No. 34, in lelation tn the works of the
exploring expedition. In the joint resolution of
February 20, lfiS5, providing for the distribution
of the publications of the exploring expedition
among the European Governments, the Republic
of Switzerland was omitted. Tlie purpose of this
bill is to provide for the transmission of a copy
of the work to that Republic. It also provides
that one copy shall be placed m the Naval Academy
at Annapolis, as one is already placed in the Mil-
itary Academy at West Point. That is the scope
of the resolution.
The resolution was ordered to be read a third
time; and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. PETTIT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BOOKS TO INDIAN NATIONS.
Mr. PETTIT. I am also directed to report
back Senate resolution No. 5, for supplying the
Choctaw, Cherokee, and Chickasaw nations with
such copies of laws, journals, and public printed
documents as are furnished to the Status and Ter-
ritories.
Mr. BRANCH. I suppose that only relates to
the future. It does not provide for purchasing
back copies.
Mr. PETTIT. Not at ail.
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined, and found truly enrolled, bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
Anact(S. No. 202) to reimburse the corporation
of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia', a
sum of money advanced towards the construction
of the Little Palis bridge;
An act (S. No. 261) to authorizethe levy court to
issue tavern and other licenses in the District of
Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 446) for the relief of Eras-
tus Hutchtns; and
An act (H. R. No. 8) for the relief of George
P. Marsh. 8
PUBLIC DOCCHEXTS.
Mr. PETTIT. I am instructed by the Joint
Committee on the Library to report back House
bill No. 665, to amend ail act approved February
5, 1859, entitled "An act providing for keeping
and distributing all public documents, and for
other purposes."
The bill was read. It provides that in all cases
where the number of copies of any document is
insufficient to supply one institution therewith,
upon the designation of each member of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives, as required by
existing law, they may be distributed by'the Sec-
retary of the Interior to such incorporated col-
leges, public libraries, athenaeums, literary and
scientific institutions, boards of trade, or public
associations, as he may select; that the documents
of the second session of the Thirty-Fifth Con-
gress shall be sent to the same institutions which
were designated to receive those of the first ses-
sion, and in all cases hereafter the selection of an
institution to receive the documents ordered to be
] published or procured at the first session of any
1 Congress shall control the documents of the entire
Congress, unless anotherdesignation be made be-
fore any distribution has taken place under the
selection first made; provided, however, that
where the same work is printed by order both of
the Senate and House of Representatives, the du-
plicates may be sent to different institutions, if so
desired, by the member whose right it is to direct
the distribution; that one set of the works of John
Adams, and four sets of American State Papers,
volumes four and five, shall be distributed to the
institutions described by law? on the designation
of the members of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentative of the present Congress, which des-
ignation shall also control the distribution of an
equal number of each of the volumes thereof yet
to be published; that instead of five hundred copies
of the Biennial Register, or Blue Book, now or-
dered to be published, there shall iu future be
published two thousand copies, to be distributed
as the Statutes at Large are; that in lieu of the
number of copies of the pamphlet laws directed
; by act of April 20, 1818, to be delivered to the
i officers of the Executive Departments, there shall
i hereafter be delivered to the head of each Depart-
II rnent, including the Attorney General, for the use
j, of those officers, a number equal to the number
i of copies which they are entitled to receive of the
i Statutes at Large, published by Little & Brown,
j under the provisions of the act of August 8,1846;
[ that one copy of the decisions of the Supreme
j Court, published by authority of the act of Au-
| gust 29, 1842, shall be deposited in the office of
! the Secretary of the Interior, and one copy sent
j to each of the judges and to the solicitor of the
j Court of Claims, the judges of the criminal and
j orphans' courts for the District of Columbia, the
j Commissioner of Customs, the Commissioner of
; Patents, and to the heads of such other executive
I offices of equal grade as have been established
I since the passage of the law distributing the de-
cisions, and to such as may hereafter be provided
' for, each of whom shall likewise be entitled to
receive one copy of the Statutes at Large; that
fifty copies of the American State Papers now in
course of publication, as authorized by act of June
^ 12,1858, shall be deposited and kept in the library
The resolution was ordered to be read a thiid I1 House of'Representatives, twenty copies in
_ _ ' f . 1 , .... f £■, Vrt H ft f 1,!>A nAlMAr, >   U ^
V
time; and was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. PETTIT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED RILLS.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
thc library of the Senate, two copies in the con-
; gressional library, one copy in the library of the
" President, one copy in the State and territorial li-
i brary of each State and Territory, and ten copies
i) in each of the Executive Departments for the use
Jj of the officers connected therewith; and that all
j,' acts or part of acts inconsistent with the provis-
|j ions heieof are hereby repealed.
I! * Mr. PETTIT. I offer an amendment to the
