2890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
fourth section, by inserting the words, "which
shall hereafter be compiled under the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior;" so that the section
"will read:
"That instead of five hundred copies of the Biennial
Register or Blue Book now ordered to be published, which
shall hereatter1)e compiled under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, there shall, in luture, be published
two thousand copies."
If the House will indulge me a moment I will
indicate the objects to be accomplished by this
bill. A large accumulation of books, amounting
to scores of thousands of volumes, published by
ft the Government for the last forty or fifty years,
£ at the meeting of the last Congress was found
stored away as mere lumber in the various De-
partments, in the library of Congress, in the
offices of the Clerks of the two Houses, and some-
times more carelessly in the crypts of this Cap-
itol. The law providing for their keeping was im-
perfect, and there was but little accountability
and a good deal of waste. The last Congress
passed an act to provide for the future safe-keep-
ing and distribution of all such matter, placing it
under the control of the Secretary of the Interior,
and directing, where there were perfect sets of doc-
uments, of any kind,equal in number to the num-
ber of Senators and Representatives,that one copy
should be sent, on the designation of such mem-
ber, to some public library within the State or
within the proper representative district. The
Secretary of the Interior has executed that law so
far as he could; but there yet remains a large mass
of uneven volumes, brokenand imperfect sets; and
the Secretary of the Interior has culled the atten-
tion of Congress to it, and asked that some pro-
vision should be made whereby this mass of mat-
ter can be disposed of. This bill is intended to
meet it.
By turning to the report of the Secretary, it will
be found that there remain many documents,
varying in number from one to forty and fifty of
each* ami in a few instancesas many as a hundred.
They arc thus not sufficient in number to supply
all the congressional districts. The first section,
then, provides that, where there are documents
not sufficient in quantity to reach all the congres-
sional districts, they shall then he distributed under
the control, and in the discretion, of the Secretary
of the Interior, the presumption being that he will
make a fair and equitable distribution.
By the law of last Congress, each member of flic
House and Senate was at liberty to send all the
documents of a particular Congiess into his dis-
trict or State; but, by the construction given to it
by the Secretary of the Interior, it is now appre-
hended that the members of the present Congress
are at liberty to designate where the volumes of
the second session of the last Congress shall be
sent, thus separating the documents of the first
from those of the last session of each Congress;
and the object of the second section is to prevent
this, and to require that, where there was a desig-
nation by a member of the last Congress, the vol-
umes of the second se ssion shall follow that des-
ignation, and go with the first. They are really
as volume two to volume one, the documents of
the last session of Congress being often the result
and sequel of the first.
The third section is to authorize members of the
House and Senate to give direction to one copy of
the works of John Adams, and two volumes of the
American State Papers, to be deposited in public
libraries within their district or State.
The fourth section is for the purpose of pub-
lishing a larger edition of the Biennial Register or
Blue Book. By the. act of 1816, five hundred copies
only were required to be published, of which num-
ber three hundred and eight copies, as is neces-
sary now, or so many as was necessary, were
taken for the use of the membeis of the Senate
and House of Representatives, leaving but one
hundred and ninety-two for the use of the various
Departments. The consequence is, that when the
various Departments and bureaus of the Govern-
ment stand in need of the Blue Book, they are
obliged to go to the publishers for their copies,
paying larger prices, which are charged on their
contingent funds, instead of being supplied m a
manner that shall be provided by law. Accord-
ingly, the fourth section provides for an increase
in the number of copies of the Blue Book published,
from five hundred to two thousand, and this aug-
mented number is made necessary in consequent
of the multiplication of offices since the passage
of the act to which I have referred.
The fifth section is to make the number of copies
of the pamphlet laws delivered to the Departments
uniform with the number of copies of the Statutes
at Large.
The sixth section provides for furnishing copies
of the decisions of the Supreme Court to the new
courts, new Departments, and new bureaus created
since the former law was passed.
The seventh section provides that twenty copies
of the American State Papers shall be set apart
for the library of the Senate, and fifty copies for
the library of the House of Representatives; one
for the President's library; one for the library of
each State and Territory; and ten for each Exec-
utive Department. All this is public property m
the Interior Department now, useless where it is,
but will be made useful by this distribution. The
bill simply makes a rule for its distribution.
I believe 1 have indicated the whole purpose of
the bill; and unless some gentleman desires to ask
some questions that will obtain some explanation
I have not given, or suggests some addition, I will
call the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Indiana whether he proposes, in
his bill, the publication of any of the uooks which
are mentioned in it?
Mr. PETTIT. None whatever.
Mr. BURNETT. Then, I ask him if he will
permit me to make a motion to strike out the
fourth section of the bill, which provides for an
increased number of copies of the Biennial Regis-
ter or Blue Book ?
Mr. PETTIT. I have no objection whatever
to the gentleman offering an amendment of that
kind, that the sense of the House may be taken
on it; and for that purpose, 1 withdraw my demand
for the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I do not wish to detain the
House. I move to strike out the fourth section
of the bill.
Mr. PETTIT. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. EDWARDS. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the first section of the bill.
The SPEAKER. There are two amendments
already pending; and the previous question is
demanded.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Indiana a question. I observe that
the third section provides for distributing the
works of John Adams. I desire to know if they
have been already published ?
Mr. PETTIT. They have been published.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would ask him whether
that section of the bill will involve any expendi-
ture ?
Mr. PETTIT. The works of John Adams
were published several years ago, and were lying
in the congressional library until they were trans-
ferred to the Interior Department, under the law
I have referred to.
Mr. BARKSDALE. And they have not been
distributed since ?
Mr. PETTIT. They have never been dis-
tributed.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I understand, then,from
the gentleman from Indiana that this section in-
volves no appropriation of money?
Mr. PETTIT. None whatever.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to modify myamend-
ment. The amendment which I now offer, is to
strike out " two thousandand mseit "seven
hundred and fifty." 1 am opposed to any increase
at all; but being fearful that I cannot get the
House to strike out the whole section, and being
fully satisfied that seven hundred and fifty copies
of the Biennial Register ought to answer all the
purposes for which it is published, I therefore
modify my amendment, as I have indicated.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask that my amendment
may be read.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Add at the end of the fir-t section :
Proportioning the same among the several States* as
neaiJy equal a-? maj be.
Mr. PETTIT. It is desirable to avoid that,
because the colleges and other institutions of the
New England States have received these books
very largely in excess over the colleges and insti-
tutions of the other States, and especially the
new States.
Mr. STANTON. I would like to inquire what
is the cost of the Blue Book per copy ?
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I desire to ask a
question before we vote on the amendment of the
gentleman from Kentucky. 1 desire to ask the
gentleman from Indiana whether this increase in
the number of copies of the Biennial Register is
necessary in order to furnish the Cabinet officers,
the heads of Departments and the bureaus with
copies?1
Mr. PETTIT. This Biennial Register is used
in all the more important offices of the Govern-
ment. It is used not only at home, but abroad,
in the legations and consulates. It is used at home
in the Departments, the courts, territorial offices,
custom-houses, land offices, and in almost every
important office. When it is necessary for a par-
ticular officer to have correspondence with other
officers of the Government, it is often of conse-
quence that he should be informed about the pub-
lic officers residing at some distant point.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. My question is,
whether this number is necessary to furnish the
various officers with copies?
Mr. PETTIT. The number provided forhere
is recommended by the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. STANTON. I would be glad to know of
the gentleman from Kentucky what tins book
costs per volume.
Mr. BURNETT. I cannot tellthegentleman;
but it costs a good deal.
Mr. STANTON. A dollar >
Mr. BURNETT. A great deal more than that.
It costs as much as five dollars.
Several Members. Oh, no; not more than
three.
Another Member. Three and a half.
Mr. STANTON. It seems to me a very de-
sirable thing to know who hoids the offices and
gets the money.
Mr. BURNETT. If that is the objeet, we
ought to increase the number still more, and make
it large enough so that the people can get it. As
it is now, they know nothing about it. It only
goes into the public offices.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I would ask, for
information, howtheStatutcsatLargcare at pres-
ent distributed? I would like to know what is to
become of these works?
Mr. PETTIT. The Statutes at Large—a thou-
sand sets—are distributed under an act passed
August 8,1846, by the Secretary of State, in part,
and under a law of last year, by the Secretary of
the Interior. They are distributed to the Presi-
dent and Vice President; the justices and clerks
of the Supreme Court, to the heads of Depart-
ments; to the libraries of each of the States and
Territories; to most foreign Governments^ to the
judges and officers of the district and territorial
courts; to collectors and surveyors of customs; to
surveyors general, and registers and receivers of
land officcs, and all ministers abroad. Two hun-
dred and twenty copies arc set apart for the De-
partments and the two Houses of Congress. The
remainder of the thousand copies are left subject
to the future disposal of Congress.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. Pet tit's amendment was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the amendment
offered by Mr. Burnett.
Mr. BURNETT. My amendment is to reduce
the number of the Biennial Registers to be pub-
lished to seven hundred arid fitly, and to strike
out the balance of the section; so that it will read:
kc . -1. jlud be it further cnaclcd, Tli.it in>tc.ul of five
bundled copies of the Bienm.il Rf><ij->tcr, or Bine Book, now
ordciod to be published, ihoie bhail in future be published
seven hundred and fiit) copies.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Is that the amend-
ment as originally offeied? I shouid vote for it
as it was originally offered, but I think it has
been changed.
The SPEAKER, it has been modified by the
gentleman himself.
Mr. BURNETT called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 83; as follows:
YE \S—Messrs. Adiain. Allen, Alley, Aslnnoie, Avery,
Babbitt, Barksdaie,Beale,Fiancis P. Blair, Blake, Bonhain,
