1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
If I could find the exact property, I could bring
my writ of replevin and recover it; but then, the
same man who decoyed it from me yesterday
nnght decoy it away to-morrow, and then I sup-
pose I must bring another action of replevin;
and so I must go on multiplying my actions to :
all eternity, recovering my property one day,
simply to have it decoyed from my possession
the next. ■
But suppose I cannot find the property; that it
is so secreted I cannot get at it; John Brown's man, |
finding me m hot pursuit of my slave, secretes ;
him. I prove that he had him in his possession,
but I cannot find him. What then' I suppose lam ,
told that then I am to bring an action of trover, or :
an action of trespass, or some other action sound- ;
ing in damages, and that a friendly court and jury
would assess me the full amount of my damages.
So they might; but what will my judgment be j
worth if the offending party happens to be. as he \
would be nineteen times out of twenty, an insolv- i
entr I should have a return of nulla bona, and :
be compelled myself to foot the bill of costs. I j
should have lost my property; been engaged in a ,
litigious lawsuit; recovered a worthies* verdict, j
and had to pay the costs. This is your common <
law. No, Mr. President, the experience of every '
State in this Union, for more than one hundred 1
years, has demonstrated the proposition that slave
roperty is not secure without statutory laws. ;
'he Constitution has been m existence for seventy 1
years; the common law has been in existence here !
ever since the colonies adopted it; and never, at !
any time since "the adoption of the Federal Con- |
stitution, has that Constitution, aided only by the
common-law remedies, affoided adequate and suf- ;
ficieni protection to slave property anywhere. ;
The Senator goes on and suys: I
"If such protection was required in this District, it !
would be the dutv of Congress to grant it. If it Is required j
in a Terntoiv. it is the duty of the Territorial Legislature to :
grant it; a duty which I am unwilling to believe any Ter- ,
ritonal Legislature will ^eek to evade.'' j
However unwilling my friend may be to believe
that a Territorial Legislature would undertake to
evade the responsibility, the conviction forces itself .
home upon lam when he simply looks the facts
in the face. What has Nebraska done ? Within
the last few weeks she lias passed a bill, by large
majorities, through both branches of her Legis-
lature, not merely refusing to give protection to ,
slave property in that Territory, but absolutely !
expelling it from the Territory. This bill was only
saved from becoming a law by the active interpo- ;
sition o'f the Governor. The executive veto held
in suspense a positive hostile act on the part of
that Legislature. What have we seen in Kansas?
Kansas has not only refused friendly legislation
for the protection of this species of property, but
she has, within the last few days, passed a law
over the Governor's veto, by a vote, as I have
seenitstated,of thirty to seven, absolutely expei-
hna: slave property from theTerritorv. I repeat,
then, to my friend from Indiana, that however
unwilling tic may be to believe n, stubborn facts
stare him in the face and must force the conviction
home on him that the Territorial Legislatures have
not discharged, do not, and will not, discharge
their duty.
Certainly [^a\ s the Senator] there i* imw no oriramzpd
Territory adapted to slavery where it exist-, or is hkelj to
exist, arid where protection is consequently required, and
is> withheld."
1 differ very widely from mv friend from Indi-
ana. There is just such a Termor} ; ii is the
Temtuiy of Kansas. There not only is prot> e-
tion withheld, but positive laws are passed pro-
hibiting the existence of slavery. Does my friend
from Indiana take the ground that Kansas is
unsuited to slavery ; 1 have heard this argu-
ment of climate and soil and production iwd so
often against my appeal for the introduction of
slavery into Kansas, that i stand prepared to an-
swer it.
Sir,where isKansas? Uis m pieetxcly the same
latitude with the Capitol in which i speak to-day.
The Capitol m whieh \w are assembled for legis-
lation to-day is not ten milt n north or south of
Wyandotte, the place where Kansas, lately as-
sembled m i on vent ion to form an anti-slavery
constitution. Docs .sla\ ery exist profitably here r
Does it exist profitably all around us * Go into Ma-
ryland; go into Virginia: look into their planting
i!Herests,and come and tell me whether slavery does
not exist in those States,in the same latitude with
Kansas, with a greatly inferior soil, profitably, and
! whether it has not existed profitably for two hun-
dred years; and yet we are told that it cannot ex-
! ist in Kansas on account of climate and soil and
1 productions. The climate is the same; the soil is
! virgin soil; the productions are thesame. There
; are five States, one third of all the slaveholding
States, lying in the same latitude with; Kansas—
i Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, and
: Missouri, containing a slave population of more
I than a million—States in which slavery has ex-
1 isted since the early settlement of this country, or
; from the earliest introduction of the black race on
. this continent; existed profitably at all times, and
exists profitably now. Still we are told that slaves
' cannot be introduced into Kansas, because the soil
; and climate and productions forbid it. Sir, I be-
lieve no such thing. If the master can work his
slave profitably on the old lands in Maryland,
; worth $100 per acre, how much more profitably
j can he work him on the virgin soil of Kansas,
| in the same latitude, worth §1 25 per acre? Ah,
; sir, give him Maryland laws to protect his slaves
' in Kansas, and he will laugh to scorn your argu-
ments about climate and soil and productions.
: But what has been the course of this Territorial
| Legislature? Why should it commend itself, as it
i seems to do, not only to Republicans, but to Demo-
. crats? Whatareitsappealstoyourforbearance? It
: passed a law, which I have in the volume before me,
during the first year of its existence as a Territory,
i affording positive protection to slave property.
: Three years afterwards, as is shown by this vol-
I ume, the Legislature repealed that law. The first
| Territorial Legislature of Kansas believed that
1 slave property needed protection; and they af-
i forded it by positive statutory legislation. When
1 the Abolition party got the ascendency, they re-
i pealed that legislation, and substituted nothing in
its place; thus practically carrying out the doc-
trines which the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Doug-
las] first predicted would be efficient for the ex-
clusion of slavery from a Territory. He it was
who first promulgated the idea that non-action
and unfriendly action on the part of a Territorial
, Legislature would be effective for the exclusion
, of slavery. That doctrine has been denounced;
! and by none more vehemently than by the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Fitcii,] and
the honorable Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
I Bigler.] I tell you, Mr. President, and tell the
country, that the doctrines promulgated by the
i Senator from Illinois are in full force in Kansas to-
' day;and thatthey have produced the precise result
I which he predicted. My Democratic friends de-
nounced these doctrines as I do; but when they
; are a.*ked to apply the corrective, they pause,
hesitate, and finally abruptly refuse.
Hoving repealed all laws in the Territory for
the protection of slave property, the attitude of
the Legislature then bccame one of non-action.
The case up to that point stands as though Kan-
sas had done nothing. In repealing her own stat-
utes protecting slave property, she acted in an un-
friendly spirit; that was unfriendly action. Thus,
by the non-action and unfriendly action, sug-
gested, I say again, first by the Senator from Illi-
' noi% we have been excluded from Kansas. See- 1
« ing that state of things. 1 supposed that when I
asked my Democratic friends who have been loud
, in the denunciation of that doctrine, as I have
been, to interpose and restore these repealed laws
i for our protection, thev would do it. Instead oi
doing that, however, theyt"ll me to wait until by
; and by, when very many other things hove been
■ shown, and thev say that then they will be ready
j to interpose. Ah! my friend*, you will mter-
j pose when all is lost. But more on that point pres-
ently. *
My friend from Indiana tells me that whatever
rights I have under the Constitution and the com-
mon law, he is for protecting—seeing them pro-
> tected in the courts of justice: in other words, if I
can i^o to the courts and obtain a judgment, based
upon the common law and the Constitution, then
he is for seeing the judgment executed. This
is about the extent to which my honorable friend
  «oes. 1 might almost ask the Senator from New
York [Mr. Sew\rd] whether he would not go as
t\i r as that: whether ex en he would interpose
actively to take away from me a right guarantied
by the Constitution, and by the common law, as
: expounded by the Supreme Court ? If I can estab-
, lish a constitutional1 ngh|, through the courts,
unaided by his active interference, I doubt very
much, if the Senator were President, whether he
would not see the judgment in my favor exe-
cuted. It will not amaze the world much, then,,
if I say that my gratitude is not deeply excited
by promises of this kind from a Democratic
friend.
But, Mr. President, not only does this Govern-
ment refuse that sort of protection to slave prop-
erty in the Territories, which I think it is entitled
to, but it has denied it protection everywhere. It
totally ignores this species of property, though it
constitutes the great moneyed interest of the coun-
try. There is directly and indirectly dependent
upon the security of that property, investments of
more than forty hundred million dollars. Destroy
our $2,000,000,000 worth of slaves and you de-
stroy the value of the soil on which they work;you
destroy the value of all our machinery; our stock
•becomes worthless; commerce is broken up; our
cities dwindle and perish; and yet, sir, this great
interest—the greatest individual interest under the
Government—gets no protection from the Federal
head. How differently does it act towards others!
Wherever your property goes, on the land or
upon the sea, Government stretches over it the
strong arm of its power and protects it.
Sir, it was but yesterday that I saw the stereo-
typed boast that the last night, or the night before,
seventeen slaves had been spirited to Canada by
the underground railroad. The colonial statistics
show that thousands and thousands of slaves
have been carried from the slaveholding States of
this Union and secreted in Canada, and it is in
vain that we complain to this Government. Sup-
pose that the agents of the underground railroad
were to boast every morning that last night they
carried away seventeen head of horses from New
York, one hundred head of horned cattle from
Illinois, and five hundred sheep from Michigan;
suppose the underground railroad managers were
constantly boasting that Canada was being made
areceptacleforyourstolengoods: what would the
Senator from New York say? What would New
Yorkherself say? What would all thcnon-slave-
holding States say? They would go to the Presi-
dent and demand that he discharge his duty, by
notifying the British Government that, unless
the stolen property was given up*, non-intercourse
would be declared, and if its colony persisted in
receiving and concealing the stolen goods of Amer-
ican citizens, this Government would resent the
outrage, even by the shedding of blood.
I appeal to the Senator from New York, [Mr.
Seward.] whether he-does not know that such
would be the course of his section if northern prop-
erty was taken instead of ours; yet he sees our
property carried off, a million dollars' worth of it
every year, and if we appeal to him, he turns upon
us with a derisive laugh, and walks away. Arc
we not your equals in the Confederation: Have we
not the same right to claim the protection of the
Government for our property that you have for
yours? I know not, sir, what other men would do,
but if I had the power, the sun should not go down
until I had filed a notice with the British Minister
accredited to this Government that, unless Canada
yielded up the stolen negroes, as she would be
compelled to yield up stolen horses, cattle, orany-
tlung else, ttiis Government would declare non-
intercourse, and if that remedy was not efficient,
this Government would declare war. She has no
more risht to conceal my stolen negroes than she
has to conceal your stolen goods; and 1 have the
same reason to complain of her that you would
have. My complaintgoes unheeded; yours would
be listened to.
But, say gentlemen on our side, in your appeals
for protection through the direct agency of Con-
gress, you are departing from the recognized doc-
trine of the party—the doctrine of non-interven-
tion. Sir. this argument so often resorted to, has
produced a deeper and more lastingimpression on
the public mind than all else that has been said on
that subject. It lias made its impression in the
South, in the West, in the East, and in the North;
and I will endeavor to answer it. I have the point
very fairly stated in a private letter from a lead-
ing citizen of Indiana, once a prominent member
of the House, and now in retirement. He says:
w I repent, we will stand by anil see you take possession
and firmly pJant slavery in ail Territories adapted to slave
labor, tvbich will be evinced by the action of local .Legis-
latures, and will wish you success.v
