1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Kellogg, Kilhnger, Larrabee, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee,
Longnecker, Lovejoy, IVlaciay, Marston, Maynard, Mc-
Kean, McPhei^on, Mjlhvard. Montgomery, Moorhead,
Monill, Edward Joy .Morris, Isaac N. Moiri^, Nelson,
Nixon, Noell, Perry, Pettit, Poiter, Potter, Pottle, Chri.—
tophet Robinson, Rovce, Schwartz, Scott, Sedgw'ck, Sick-
les, Spinner, Stallworth, Stevens, William Stewart, Strat-
ton,Tappan, Thayei, Tlieaker, Tram, Vallandigbain, Van
Wyck, Veriee, Wade, Waldron, Ellihu B. Washburne,
Webster, Wells, Wliiteley, Wilson, Windom. and Wood-
ruff— 102.
NAYS—Messrs. Avery, Barksdale, Beale, Bocock, Bon-
ham, Boyce, Brand), Biistow, Durch, Burnett, Burnham
Iloiace F. Clark, Clopton, Cobb, liuiton Craige, Cuuy,
Davidson, II. Winter I)uvi«, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis,
De Jarnette, Edmnnd>on. English, Gainett, Gartiell, Gil-
mer, Hatdeman, John 'i'. Hams, Hatton, Hindman, Iloaid,
Holman, Houston, Hughes, Jenkins, Jones, Kunkel, La-
mar, JamK M. Leach,Logan, Mallnty, McQueen, McRao,
Miles, Million, Sydenham Mooic. Mor&e, Niblack, Olin,
Phelps, Pryoi, Pueh, Q.u<irl<"?, Reagan, ltig<rs; Uuffin, Sher-
man, Sinun*,'Singleton, William Smith, William N. H.
Smith, Stevenson, Stokes, Thomas, Tompkuif, Trimble,
Underwood, Vance, Cadwalader C. Wa-hbum,Woodson,
and Wnght—71.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the'
rules were not suspended.
MESSAGE FliOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, noti-
fying the House that, in the absence of the Vice
President, the Senate had elected Senator Bright
as President of the Senate pro tempore.
ARMING THE MILITIA.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to discharge
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union from the further consideration of House
bill No. 65.
Objection was made.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to suspend
the rules.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I riseto a point
of order. Wc are now acting under the suspen-
sion of the rules, and it is not m order to suspend
them again. By the suspension of the rules the
light-house bill was made a special order for the
day.
The SPEAKER. Whenever the House goes
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, that is the special order, and until the
House does go into committee, and until the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts has the floor to make
that motion, the Chair supposes that it is in order
for the Chair to assign the floor to any gentleman.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. And the Chair has
acted on that rule twice.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. Suchhas never
been the ruling heretofore.
The SPEAKER. There are reasons why the
Chair thinks the floor should he assigned to the
gentleman from Ohio. After that, the Chairwill
call the gentleman from Massachusetts in Ins turn.
The gentleman from Ohio has the floor now.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of taking up House bill
No. 65, to amend the act of April 23, 1808, enti-
tled " An act making provision for arming and
equipping the whole body of the militia of the
United States."
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Riggs
Theaker were appointed.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. As I understand
that the principal objection to the consideration
of this matter now is, that there is a special order,
I withdraw the motion to suspend the rules, and
will renew it at another time.
Mr. ELIOT. I now move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of ^he Union
on the special order.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. It cannot take precedence of
the motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
unless by his consent.
Mr. ELIOT. I will yield to the gentleman.
PRINTING OF PATENT OPFICE REPORT.
Mr. GURLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following reso-
lution :
Resolved. That there be printed, in addition to the usual
number of the mechanical part of the Patent Office report
for 1659, ten thousand copies for the use of the Patent Of-
fice, and forty thousand foi the use of the members of the
House of Representatives.
On that resolution I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the yeas and nays on
agreeing to that resolution, and call for tellers on
the yeas and nays. I want a record. That is all.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barr and
Riggs were,appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
thirty-six in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Ohio how many copies of this
portion of the report were printed last year?
Mr. BRANCH. Twenty thousand.
Mr. GURLEY. I will explain.
Mr. BURNETT. Debate is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my colleague will
accept an amendment to have only the usual num-
ber of twenty thousand copies punted. I think
we ought not to print more.
Mr. BURNETT. The previous question has
been seconded, and the main question ordered, and
I want a vote on the resolution.
Mr. GURLEY. The House has been in the
habit of ordering from sixty to one hundred and
eighty thousand copies.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I would like to in-
quire whether the number of copies in the reso-
lution means that number of sets or that number
of volumes ? The mechanical portion of the Pat-
ent Office icpoit generally makes three volumes.
Mr. GURLEY. Last year the report was in
three volumes; this year it is in two volumes.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist upon the enforce-
ment of thrt rules of this House by the Speaker.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I think that this
is only intended as a job for the Public Printer,
and 1 hope the resolution will not be adopted.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 109, nays 78; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Adrain, Aldrich, Alien,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt. Beak-, Bingham, Samuel fe. Blair,
Blake, Uouhgny. Diauon, Butfiutou, Buich, Builmgaine,
Burnham, Uuue'rfield, Campbell, Caifr, John B. Claik,
i Covode, Cuitis*, II. Wmtei Davis,- Dawes, Delano, Dim-
i mick, Duell, Dunn, Edg *rtun, Edwaub, Eliot, Ely, Eng-
j hfeh, Famsworth, Florence, Fo^tei, Frank, French, Gilmer,
Gooeh, Guiley, Hale. Ilatl, J. Moiri^on Ham*, Ha^un,
Hehmck, Hickman, Hoiman,William Howaid, Humpluey,
Hutchms. Junkin, France W. Kellogg, William Kellogg,
Killmger, DeWitt C. Leach, James. iSl. Leach, Lee, Lomj-
necker, Loouns, Lovejoy, Mailory, Marion, McKean,
MeKnight,Mcl'heHou, i\lhl\\ aid, Montgomeiy, Moorhead,
Mouill, Edwaid Joy Morris;, Moi&e, Nekon, Nixon, Ohn,
Perrv, Portei, Pottei. i'ottle, Kice, Chiistophrr Robinson,
Royce, Schwattz, Scott, Sedgwick, Sherman, Somes-, Ste-
vens, William rite wait, ritokes, StiYittou, Tnppati, Thaj er,
Theakei, Tiain, Trimble, Yenee, Wade, VValdron, Wal-
ton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu B. Washbumc, Is-
rael Washbuin, Webster, Wells, Wilson, Windom, and
Woodruff—109.
«NAYS—Messrs. Averv. Barksdale, Bocock, Bonham,
Noyce, Biahson, Bianch', Bn-tow, Burnett, Horace F.
C '    T " " "" "
c
;iark, Clopton, Cobb, Cohax. Jame>Cuug, Burton Craige,
Jrawloid, Cuny. Davidson. JobnG. Davi«>, Reuben Davis,
De Jainette, LdniumKon, Feiiy, Gaitiell, Hamilton, Haide-
man, John T. llarns, Hatton, Hill, llmdman, iloaid, Hous-
ton, William A. llowaut, Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jones,
Keitt, Lamar, Lanabee, Leake, Logan, Love, Maynard,
McQueen, McRae, Milison, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham
Mooie, Isaac N. Moms, Noell, Pe)ton, Phelps, Pryor,
Pugh, Uuailes, Reagan, Uiggs, James C. Robinxm, Rnffin,
Sickles, Simnib, Singleton, William Smith, William N. H.
Smith, Spumei, Stallworth, James A. Stewart, Taylor,
Thomas, Tompkins, Undeiwood, Yallandighain, Vance,
Van W>ek, Wlnteley, Woodson, and Wught—78.
So the resolution was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. COLFAX stated thatMr. Case had paired
off for the day with Mr. Win-slow.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that ho was temporarily
paired off with Mr. Pettit, or he should have
voted 11 no."
Mr. PENDLETON stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Stanton during the morning session
of the House to-day on this and all other ques-
tions.
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT obtained the floor.
Mr. GURLEY. I desire to submit another
resolution in relation to the agricultural portion
of the Patent Office report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
!! sachusetts has the floor; and unless he yields, the
gentleman cannot offer his resolution.
Mr. GURLEY. I hope the gentleman, from-
Massachusetts will let this resolution in.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield,'if the yeas and
nays are to be called on the resolution. If therp
is no objection to its being passed without the
yeas and nays, I will yield.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 give the gentleman frpm
Massachusetts notice that he m,ust either yield
the floor absolutely or insist on his motion. I am
opposed to this farming out of the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I hope* the
gentleman from Massachusetts will insist on his
motion. Let us dispose of the light-house bill,
and then all these matters can come in.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL..
Mr. EL10T. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended;and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burn, of Maine, m the chair,) and proceeded to
the consideration of the special order, being H6use
bill No. 3j0, making appropriations for light-
houses, beacons, buoys, &c.
Mr. WASHBURN JEf> of Illinois, moved that
the first reading of the bill be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT. I move that the committee do
now rise, fur the purpose of closing debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker haying
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to order, had
under consideration the light-house appropriation
bill, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
] CLOSE OF DEBATE.
1 Mr. ELIOT. I move that all debate on the
j light-house appropriation bill be closed in five %
I minutes after the Committee of the Whole on the
! state of the Union shall resume the consideration
| of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
TIIE RECIPROCITY TREATY.
Mr. BRANCH. 1 ask the unanimous consent
of the House, at the request of the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, [Mr. Corwin,]
who is sick, to present a memorial in relation to
the reciprocity treaty, and to ask that it be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered.
Mr. ELIOT. L move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the slate of theUnion.
The motion was agreed to.
LIGHT-HOUSE BILL—AGAIN.
The rules were accordingly suspended;and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burn, of Maine, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the light-house bill.
Mr. ELIOT. This bill was reported on the
19th of March. Since that time the Committee
on Commerce have found it necessary to strike
out several of the appropriations, and to a,mend
the bill by inserting others. I have, therefore,
prepared a substitute for the bill, which I desire
now to oiler.
Mr. THEAICER. Is the substitute printed?
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; it only changes the bill
m some pai ticulars.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chairwill state that
the bill which the gentleman from Massachusetts
offers as a substitute is substantially the same as
the House bill. The Clerk will read the portions
of the bill wherein changes are made, if that will
be regarded by the committee as the reading of the
amendment.
• Mr. BURNETT. I understand that the first
question will be upon the original bill. That must
first be read by clauses, and then the substitute,
of the gentleman from Massachusetts will come
up.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
Kentucky desires it. the original bill will be read
by clauses.
Mr. BURNETT. Yes, sir, I do. I am op-
posed to the whole bill.
