1880.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pant all over the North; while the underground
railroad has been doing a most active and ener-
getic business; but while the Southern people, no
longer yielding to a former feeling in favor of
emancipation have been holding their negroes in
bondage absolutely refusing to do whatthey had
done for ten oi\ twenty years before, emancipate
them in large numbers; this being the state of the
case, what do we find from 1840 to 1850? That
the slaves increased twenty-eight per cent., and
tile free blacks but twelve per cent.
I have also made up some statistics as to the
relative increase of free blacks ill the slave States
and in the free States. Prom 1810 to 1820, their
increase in the slave States was twenty-four per
cent., and in the free States, thirty-one per cent.;
from 18:20 to 1830, in the slave States, it was
thirty-four, and in the free States, thirty-three per
cent.; from 1830 to 1840, in the slave States, it was
eighteen, and in the free States, twenty-four per
cent.; from 1840 to 1850, it was, in the slave
States, ten per cent., and in the free States, four-
teen per cent. It must be constantly borne in
mind that thefts, escapes, and voluntary emanci-
pation gave the North great advantages, while
the South increased only from natural causes.
I deduce, Mr. President, from these figures this
conclusion: that tiie negro, not only in the non-
slaveholdingStates,butin the slaveliolding States,
multiplies his species more rapidly in a state of
slavery than he does in a state of freedom; that
the ratio of increase is greater in a state of sla-
very than in a state of freedom. To that extent,
then, 1 am justified in deducing that other con-
clusion at which I arrived long since, and enun-
ciated the other day: that, as a physical being,
and in every possible aspect in which he can be
regarded, he is more prosperous in a state of sla-
very than in any other condition.
The Senator from Illinois, on the other side of
the Chamber, [Mr. Trumbull,] told us the other
day that slavery was a great wrong to the negro,
inasmuch as it violated his inalienable rights as a
man; that the negro, like the white man, in the
language of the Declaration of Independence, was
created equal, born free, and entitled to certain
inalienable r.ghts.and among these were life, lib-
erty, and ihe pursuit of happiness. The Senator
afterwards qualified his statement by admitting
that eases had arisen and would doubtless arise
again, when these inalienable rights might be
taken from the individual by society for the good
of society. He admitted that the "convict upon
the gallows was deprived of his inalienable right
to life, that tlie-convict in the cells of a penitun-
tiary was deprived of his inalienable right to lib-
erty, and that the man upon the gibbet and he in
the prison were both cut short in the pursuit of
happiness. Thus he admitted that this boasted
inalienable right might be taken even from white
men, as it had been and would be again, if the
eood of society requ.red it. I thank the Senator
for the admission. With this admission, I shall
not be required to establish that you can take
other inalienable rights from the white man or
the black mail if the good of society requires it. j
If, then, I have made good my position that sla- j
very is no wrong, but a positive blessing to the j
black man, I have but to ask you to allow that j
southern society can judge tor itself whether it is ,
injured by slavery more than it would be by free- ;
dom to the black man. If our safc-ty, if our good, j
if our security, if our prosperity is promoted by
reducing the blick man to a state or slavery, and j
we do him no wroog thereby, then 1 turn to tnc i
Senator from Illinois and ask him whether, in de- ,
priving the negro to another extent than the one i
admitted by himself of his inalienable light to lib- ;
erty, I have do.ie any wrong, or violated any
principle of the Declaration of Independence? The ^
good of society requues you to hang a white man, >
and you hang him. Tin1 good of society requires
us to enslave the black man, and we enslave him. ;
Speaking of the Declaration of Independence, I
beg to say to that Senator, and others who con- :
stantly allude to it, that it is of authority only as j
an aicument. The Declaration of Independence
is the"memorandum upon which the contract into
which the States entered is founded It is not the
contract itself, nor is it any part of it. The Dec- ,
laration of Independence was addressed to the '
king and the Parliament and the people of Great ,
Britain. It simply formed a basis of action, when j
the convention was assembled to make the Fed- i
eral Constitution. The Constitution is the con-
tract, the Constitution is the compact, the Consti-
tution is the bargain into which we entered; and
it is useless to read to me the mere memoranda on
which the contract was based for the purpose of
overthrowing the contract itself. Every lawyer
knows that, whatever may have been the basis of
a contract, it is not binding on the parties when
the contract itself has been written out, signed,
sealed, and delivered. Itis the Constitution which
is binding. I make these remarks simply t(f show
that Senators waste a great deal of time unneces-
sarily in reading the Declaration of Independence,
even if their construction of its language is right,
which I by no means admit; but, even admitting
that their construction is right, I want my rights
secured, guarantied, and protected, as it is pro-
vided in the Constitution, and not as you say it
was suggested in the Declaration oflndependence.
Mr. President, the Senator from Delaware
[Mr. Saulsbury,] took occasion the other day to
denounce these resolutions of mine as mere ab-
stractions. I beg\to remind the Senator that the
resolutions call for direct, immediate, and positive
legislation—legislation needed by us, and guar-
antied, as I believe, to us by the Constitution.
Shall I be charged with bringing in a list of ab-
stractions when I introduced a proposition, as I
believe, at the right time and in the right place,
calling for such legislation as the people whom I
represent absolutely require for the.security of
their property ? Is that an abstraction which looks
to positive action on the part of this body ? which
calls on the Legislature and the Executive to give
us such laws as will afford us protection to our
lives, our liberties, and our property? Is it any
more an abstraction that I should call for protec-
tion for my slaves, than that gentlemen from
New England should call for protection for their
shipping and their merchandise ? Is it any more
an abstraction that I should call for the protec-
tion of my slave property than that the Senator
should move a resolution looking to aifcimprove-
mcnt of the breakwater in the Delaware Bay?
These are not abstractions. I beg to remind the
Senator these are resolutions which look to posi-
tive legislation. I purposely avoided subjecting
myself to the imputation of having brought mere
abstractions before the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
Mississippi allow me a moment, as he has re-
ferred to a remark that I made in reference to his
resolutions?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. What, Mr. President,
were the contents of the resolutions offered by the
Senator from MississippiJ Did the resolutions
themselves propose any immediate legislation ?
Not at all. They were simply declaratory of cer-
tain principles, upon which there was a division
of opinion among the peoplcof the country. They
declared, first, that the law-making power, where
ever lodged, was bound to protect slave property;
and that, if a Territorial Legislature ncglectcd to
perform this duty, which was incumbent on them,
then it would become the duty of the Federal Con-
gress to provide that protection. Did he show a
single instance where any peison professed to be
a^i'ieved bv non-legislation, either by a Terri-
tory or bv Congress ? Did lie present a petition
•' " '  * —' *' hole
cite
n
I doneljy withholding this protection ? Not one,
at that "time. His resolutions, in themselves, did
not contemplate legislative action, and he pro-
posed immedidte legiahuivt"1. action. I thuixC,
theiefore, I was right in declaring, as I did, that
the resolutions of the Senator, as well as the res-
olutions of a kindred character which were then
before the Senate, were simply resolutions in ref-
erence to abstract questions ot legal right.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, 1 am very sorry
that my resolutions have been before the Senate
for nearly two months, under debate every week
duriii" that time, and that the Senator lias not
found'what is in them. The second resolution
instructs the Committee on Territories to mcoi-
porate into any bill that they may report for the
organization of new Territories positive protec-
tion to slave property. The Senator says I did
not propose any direct and immediate action.
Air. SAULSBURY. But the Senator did not
show that there was a single slave in any Terri-
tory that was about to be organized, so as to prove
the necessity for such legislation.
Mr. BROWN. I have not learned that my
duty as a legislator requires me to be absolutely
idle until somebody petitions me to be active. I
knew my duty, sir, and I undertook to discharge
it. My duty was, as I conceived, to, see that that
adequate protection'whieh was extended to every
other species of property, should be afforded to
slave property in the Territory of Kansas. I do-
not need to have petitions sent to me to put. my
thoughts in motion, nor.stirmeup to the perform-
ance of my constitutional duty. Sir, do we never
legislate here except on petitions ? If the Senator
knew that the interest of Delaware was being
destroyed, if he knew it as a citizen and as a Sen-
ator, would he not act, or would he wait until
somebody petitioned him to act? Would he con-
sider himself as bringing in an abstraction if he
proposed legislation which he knew, as a citizen
and as a Senator, his State required ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Now, I beg leave to an-
swer that question, and to show that^there is
nothing parallel between the case which the reso-
lution of the Senator contemplates, and the case
that he puts to me in reference to the interest of
Delaware. Does the Senator know of a single
unorganized Territory in the United, States which
is now being sought to be organized into a Ter- -
ritory where there are any slaves to be protected ?
Does he know of one where a single slaveholder
exists whose rights are about to be injured by
any action of the people of such a Territory ?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir;I know that the rights
of slaveholders are not only about to be violated,
but that they have been violated in the Territory
of Kansas.
Mr. SAULSBURY. There the Senator applies
it to organized territory. His resolutions are in
reference to unorganized territory.
Mr. BROWN. If the neglect, the cold neglect,
of Congress to afford protection to this property
in the cfrganized Territories, has resulted ill the
exclusion of slavery from them all, saying only
New Mcxico, had I not a right to conclude that,
if other Territories were organized without that
protection, they too would be deprived of this
right? If the non-action, if the neglect of Con-
gress, added to the non-action and unfriendly
action of Kansas, Nebraska, Washington, Cali-
fornia, and Utah, has resulted in the exclusion of
slavery from those Territories and young States,
had I not a right to conclude that Pike's Peak,
Arizona, Jefferson, and Dacotah, and all the other
Territories about to be organized, would also be
deprived of slaves through the same agencies?
Then was I not right in the first instance to insist
that when you propose to organize Territories,
you should incorporate the principle of protection
into their charters? Then, sir, as to the Territo-
ries already organized, I proposed a bill which I
suppose my friend from Missouri, whom I do not
see in his scat, the chairman of the Committee on
Territories, [Mr. Green,] will take very good
care shall sleep at least until after the Charleston
convention. That bill was intended to overthrow
the unfriendly and unconstitutional legislation of
Kansas, and to afford the slaveliolding {States their
equal privileges in that Territory.
Now, sir, if the Senator from Delaware, and
others, want to know what has been the action of
Territorial Legislatures in reference to the protec-
tion of property of all kinds, let them consult this
and other similar volumes. It is the laws of Kan-
sas. I have not the time to read these laws; but, to
show you that that Territorial Legislature felt itself
called upon to protect everything else butslavery,
I willread the titles of someof their statutes. Here
is an aet concerning apprentices; an act concern-
ing attorneys at law; an act concerning bills of
exchange and negotiable promissory notes; an act
concerning bonds and notes; an act for the speedy
recovery of debts due on bonds and notes; an act
to regulate contracts and promises; an act to pro-
vide "for the punishment of offenses against the
public health; an act concerning divorce and all-
i mony; an act to prevent the sale of intoxicating
liquors and games within certain districts; an act
concerning landlords and tenants; an act for the
regulation and management of the territorial
library; an act respecting lost money and goods;
an act concerning estrays; an act to prevent^tres-
passes; and so on. Itshows that that Territorial
Legislature was not disposed to leave everybo y
