1860.
TffE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HOUSTON. Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word here? I want to call the gentleman's
attention to one point, so that he may do justice
to the Secretary of the Treasury. The estimates
to which the gentleman has referred were made
before there was anyserionsagitationof the home-
stead question. But since that subject has been
agitated in Congress seriously, the receipts from
publiclandshavefallen off as the gentleman states,
and that is but a natural result. As a matter of
course, the Secretary could not have looked for a
result of that sort before this subject was brought
before the Congress.
Mr. SHERMANV The gentleman is unfortu-
nate in his explanation. The first homestead bill
passed this House in 1852, and the first estimate
that I referred to was for 1858.
Mr. HOUSTON. Itistrue that the first home-
stead bill was passed about 1852; but then the
subject was abandoned. Very shortly after that
the graduation law was passed, and there was no
serious agitation on the subject of the homestead
bill from that time nil about 1856.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the gentleman will
allow me to proceed. The presence of my friend
on the left [Mr. Grow] is ample evidence that
the homesteod bill never slept after 1852.
Mr. HOUSTON. Well, it never waked. The
gentleman may have endeavored to stir it up, but
it kept quiet.
Mr. GROW. A homestead bill was introduced
by me in every Congress since 1852.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes; it was introduced so
as to make a little capital at home; but nobody
looked on the subject as likely to be seriously
pressed on Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, whether a homestead
bill pass or not,it is evident that the public lands
never will be, nc\cr should be, and never ought
to have been, a source of public revenue; because
the expenses have nearly equaled the proceeds.
There is no other practical source of revenue for
the Government except duties on imports.
The miscellaneous items found in the estimates
are merely receipts from consuls, fines, forfeit-
ures, and matters of that kind, which amount to
about $1,000,000. The only practical source of
revenue for the national Government is duties on
imports, and this is an ample and exclusive one.
No country in the world has a better one. We
import $400,000,000 worth of foreign products
annually. A duty of ten percent, on that would
amount to $40,000,000. It was the boast of an
English Chancellor of the Exchequer, that an in-
come tax of a shilling in the pound would produce
.£10,000,000. A duty of ten per cent, on our im-
ports would, at the present rate of importation,
produce $40,000,000; and the importation is con-
stantly increasing. It is a magnificent source of
revenue. All our internal governments—State,
municipal, town, and village—are supported by
direct taxation. The national Government, which
protects us all alike, should look alone to duties on
imports for revenue If required, we might raise
from this source §100,000,000 or §150,000,000. If
a.tax of twenty-five per cent, were imposed on
importations, it would produce $100,00(1,000. I
trust such a tax will not be imposed, because it is
unnecessary to raise such a sum. But I speak of
it as the only source of income we should draw
upon, and there never has been, since the found-
ation of this Government, a time when any other
was looked to. Gentlemen talk aboutfree trade.
Sir, no project forfree trade has ever been submit-
ted tous with a hopeof passage, Ifcarried through
Congress, it would lose every member who voted
for it his seat in this House. Why. sir, the peo-
ple of this country would not allow the raising of
§10,000,000 by direct taxation. If you were to
put upon the State of Ohio a direct tax to the jj
amount of §1,000,000 the people of that State might i'
become almost as bad as the people of some of the !;
southern States now aie—they would almost be !l
in favor of secession. It is necessary for us to jj
raise some §65,000,000 witfi in the next fiscal year. !l
Will the present tariff furnish that amount of rev- \
enue? Every man answers " no." The Secretary ; I
of the Treasury estimates it will yield §00,000,000 l|
for the next fiscal year. Why, sir, to produce a "
revenue of §60.000,000 a year, under the tariff" of
1857, it will require an importation of §448,611,000.
If the prophecy of the Secretary of the Treasury
should turn out to be true, it would produce dis-
aster. It would bring about a commercial revul-
sion. To establish orcontinue a tariffwhich would
induce an importation of §500,000,000, would be
to destroy the manufactures of the country. It
would limit our industrial and producing power
to agriculture alone, when every one knows that
adiversityof pursues is essential to the prosperity
of every people.
To import the amount of §448,000,000 annually,
with a population of thirty million inhabitants,
would give an importation of about §15 per head,
or §75 per family, throughout the United States.
Wow, the highest rate of imports we have ever
had prior to the tariff of 1857 was in 1836, when
it reached the amount of §10 93 per head, and in
1857, when the importations reached §11 82 per
head; and it is a remarkable fact that the impor-
tations of these two years preceded the greatest
commercial revulsions of our time. It took ten
years of economy and industry to recover from
the troubles of 1836. And now, Mr. Chairman,
if, by the financial policy of the Secretary of the
Treasury, an importalion of §15 per head is pro-
duced, what will be the effect of it? All experience
teaches that no people can afford to pay, in addi-
tion to all the cost of freight and transportation,
for importations to the amount of §15 per head, or
§75 per family.
Pour hundied and fifty millions! When gen-
tlemen add to this amount freight, insurance, the
loss by false invoices, by forgery and peijury—
and I tell them that under our present ad valorem
system there is a great deal of both—when, in ad-
dition, you take into computation the debt due in
this couutry to Europe by States, cities, coun-
ties, and railroad companies, amounting to some
§500,000,000, upon which they arc paying an in-
terest of about seven per cent., you will have an
amount of specie, or its equivalent, going out of
the country of something like §550,000,000—
enough to bring the countiy to the verge of bank-
ruptcy. Therefore it is that I say that, if the
prophecy of the Secretary of the Treasury should
turn out to be true, it would prove a national mis-
fortune, second only to his practice of living upon
the public credit. If you will produce asufficient
amount of revenue to carry on the machinery of
Government upon a safe basis of importations, it
is necessary to revise the tanlf of 1857.
Mr. MILLSON. With the consent of the gen-
tleman fiom Ohio, I desire to ask him to what he
attributes the commercial disaster and revulsion
in England and Europe in 1857?
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that, to
a very considerable extent, they were caused by
the wars then being carriedon. There were,how-
ever, many causes which I do not propose now to
go into a discussion of. Our own commercial re-
vulsion occurred first, when ourpeople werein the
midst of profound peace; when they were all in-
dustrious and active.
Mr. Chairman, if I have succeeded in what I '
have desired, I have shown that the tariff of 1857 j
will not produce a sufficient revenue to meet the ij
wants of the Government. Will the tariff meas- j!
urc now presented to us—that leported by the I1
gentleman from Vermont—prove sufficient forthat 11
purpose? In my judgment it will. I do not bind |j
myself to all the details of that bill. Some of;;
its details I shall vote against, if I have the oppor- |i
tuaity; but, in my belief, if the tariff presented jj
by the gentleman from Vermont shall become a ]■
law, it will prove the besi-considered tariff that,:
has ever been presented to the Congress of the
United States. It has been the result of two or j!
three years' deliberation by two committees; and \
the bill which has been finally agreed on is based '!
upon the experience of the country for the last
fifty or sixty years. It changes substantially the >
tauff of 1857, by the substitution of specific for I
ud valorem duties; and that change is in accord- :
ance with the views and wishes of at least one I
half the Democratic paitv. including the Piesi- ;j
dent, though not in accordance with those of the 11
Secretaty of the Treasui y. By this change frauds |i
upon the revenue of the Government will, in a j
great measure, be guarded against. Why, Air. i
Chairman, when in Europe last summer, 1 heard ;!
alleged frauds upon our revenue frequently spoken Ij
of, and generally admitted. In some cases the ;i
grossest frauds were practiced upon our Govern- j!
ment by importations by foreign firms to the same ;|
firms under other names in this country. The
French returns of importations into this country
sho wa large excess over our own returns. Nearly
every French and English house has agents here'
to whom they send consignments of goods, puis,
porting to have been sold at specified rates, upon
which ad valormi duties were paid; bu t as soon as
they go into the ordinary commerce of the coun-
try, the prices are very much enhanced; so that,
with specific duties equal to the average ad valo-
rem rates, the revenues of the Government would-
be increased, I have no doubt, ten per cent, simply
by the suppression of fiauds.
" *^9 TON. If the gentleman will allow.
me, I desire to ask him what amount of revenue
he expects will be derived from the bill now un-
der consideration, if it should become a law?
Mr. SHERMAN. As nearly as I can ascer-
tain,! think it will be likely to produce about
§65,000,000. I cannot, of course, tell precisely;
and, since the Secretary of the Treasury did not
come within §15,000,000 or §20,000,000, the gen-
tleman will excuse me if I am not able to guess
exactly.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman from Ohio
will find that the Secretary of the Treasury has
come within less than §100,000 for the first three
quarters of the present year.
Mr. SHERMAN. In 1858 the Secretary of
the Treasury estimated that the receipts from cus-
toms would be §60,000,000, when we realized but
§38,671,242.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman did not un-
derstand me. The estimate of the Secretary of
the Treasury for the last three quarters was within
§100,000 of the receipts.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will do the Secretary of
the Treasury justice. In 1859 he estimated the
receipts woulcr be §69,500,000, when they were in
reality but § IS,869,879, showinga discrepancy of
only §20,000,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. That was before the revul-
sion of 1857.
^Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; it was for 1859.
For 1860,1 confess that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has approached near the mark. For the cur-
rent fiscal year he estimated the revenue would be
§56,000,000. We can now tell whatit will be, and
I judge that it will reach §54,000,000. I cannot
say how much it will be exactly, bccause the last
quarter's return cannot yet be Known.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like the gentleman
to slate—for that is the point I have made—what
the Secretary of the Treasury estimated would
be the receipts for the last three quarters of the
last fiscal year? The gentleman can answer, for
he has the estimate receipts before him. Let him
do the Secretary of the Treasury justice.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have shown that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has made one sure guess
outof three, which is pretty fair. I do not do this
to call into question, the accuracy or the ability of
Secretary Cobb, but only to show that aman, not
so specially conversant with the matter as he is,
may not come within §1,000,000 in his estimate
of the revenue of the Government, when the Sec-
retary himself has only once in three times made
anything like a correct guess.
Mr. HOUSTON. I interrupt the gentleman be-
cause, as he has made an issue, I want him to
meet it. When one quarter's receipts had come
in, the Secretary of the Treasury estimated for
the remaining three quarters, and in that estimate
he came within §100,000 of the actual receipts.
He has sent in for the present fiscal year an esti-
mate of §56,000,000; and I undertake to give it
as my opinion that that estimate will not be found
to be much out of the way.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury does not give nn estimate by quarters.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman will send
me his book, I will show il.
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. At the beginning
of this session he gave the receipts for the first
quarter, ending September 30. 1859. I have the
actual receipts for three quaners, and the esti-
mated receipts for the last quarter. If you take
the actual receipts and the estimated receipts for
this year, the revenue will amount to §55,979,000.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want the gentleman to give
me the estimates of the Secretary of the Treasury
made at the last session, when one quarter's re-
ceipts came in,and three quarters had to be esti-
mated for. He came, then, in his estimate, with-
in §100,000 of the actual receipts.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury for this year has estimated the receipts at
