2894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
The Clerk then proceeded to read the bill by |
clauses^ for amendment. j
Mr. BURNETT moved to strike out the whole i
paragraph,from line eighteen to line thirty-three, !
inclusive, as follows: !
" Bfior continuing the construction of the light-house on
Mirot's Ledge, one of the Cohasset locks, Boston bay, as
cfapter one hundred and forty-two, page 243; joint resolu- j;
tlbn, March 27, 1854, first session Thirty-Third Congress,
stage 592 ; and March 3,1855, second sessionThirty Third jj
jpongress, chapter one hundred and seventy-five, page 658, |:
  iparnphlet lawb, being the amount remaining to bo appro-
Njmriatefl to complete the work according to th« oiiginal esti-
mate, $47,090 36."
Mr. BURNETT. Now, sir, I desire to ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts, who reported
this bill, whether or not this provision has not
for its object the prevention of those former ap-
propriations from relapsing into the Treasury? I
understand that appropriations have been made
in former years which have not been expended,
and this is to prevent their going back into the
Treasury.
Mr. ELIOT. I agree to this amendment which
is stricken out in the substitute. The object of
this paragraph has already been accomplished in
another bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT moved to strike out from line
fifty-five to fifty-nine, inclusive, as follows:
" For enabling the Light-House Board, under the direc-
tion ot the Secretary ot the Treasury, to experiment wall
IJaholIN and other oar-signalp, and to puieliase the signal
erected by Daboll, and now in operation at New London,
$6,000.''
Mr. BURNETT. My object in moving this
amendment is to inquire of the gentleman who re-
ported this bill how many of these items contained
in this bill arc estimated for by the Light-House
Board or by the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. ELIOT. I should like to know first what
the gentleman understands by the word " esti-
mates ?''
♦ Mr. BURNETT. I mean estimates from the
Department or the Light-House Board.
Mr. ELIOT. I will reply to the gentleman from
Kentucky that, with the exception of two or three
of the smaller appropriations,every appropriation
has been recommended and estimated for by the
Light-House Board, cither to some member of the
committee personally, or through the correspond-
ence of the committee. Every item has under-
gone the careful examination of the Committee on
Commerce, and no one has been incorporated into
the bill thai has not 111 its support reasons which
appeared satisfactory to the committee.
• Mr. BURNETT. According to a rough esti-
mate which I made the other day, my recollection
is that this bill appropriates something like seven
hundred thousand dollars directly, without refer-
ence to the indirect and contingent appropriations
which many clauses of the bill contain.
Now, sir, the gentleman talks about personal con-
ference with members of the Light-House Board.
Sir, this House, when it is called on to act upon
so important a measure of legislation, ought to
have something tangible to act upon; some data
upon which they can rely, to enable thorn to de-
termine whether the public service requires this
large appropriation of money or not. We ought
to have before us an estimate from the Light-House
Board, indorsed by the Secretary of theTreasury,
for every item of appropriation, and not this talk
about personal conferences of members of the
committee.
Mr. ELIOT. I objectto the gentleman's amend-
ment, and ask for a vote.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. EDWARDS. I move to amend by striking
out lii.es ninety-eight and ninety-nine, as follows:
" For a new light-bouse at tiie mouth of Cape Fear river,
in Heu of the piesent blructuic, §'10,000."
I wish to inquire of the committee whether
there is any legislation which authorizes the
building of that light-house !
Mr. ELIOT. This is the legislation by which
we propose to authorize the building of it.
Mr. EDWARDS. I understood yesterday,
when an amendment was proposed to another
appropriation bill providing for the construction
of a certain work, that the Chair decided it to be
out of orderon the ground that it had not been au-
thorized by previous legislation. Now, sir, what
I want to know is, whether there has been any
legislation authorizing the construction of a new
light-house at this point? If there has not, then
I ask if this provision does not come within the
rule established by the committee yesterday in
relation to the appropriation proposed to recon-
struct Fort Constitution, in the harbor at Ports-
mouth ? If it would not be in order to offer such
an amendment to the appropriation bill, for the
same reason this provision should be stricken out
of this bill, unless there has been prior legisla-
tion.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. Let me say to
the gentleman from New Hampshire that this is
not an appropriation bill. This bill was not re-
ported by the Committee of Ways and Means at
all; and therefore the 81st rule does not apply to
it. It is a bill for the construction of light-houses.
Its principal object is to authorize their construc-
tion.
The CHAIRMAN. If the gentleman from
New Hampshire rises to a question of order, the
Chair will be compelled to overrule the question
of order for three or four reasons, which he will
state, if the gentleman desires it.
Mr. EDWARDS. I accept the correction of
the gentleman from Michigan. This not being
an appropriation bill, as I supposed, on a hasty
examination of it, I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. 1 move to amend by striking
out from the ninety-second to the one hundred
and first line, as follows:
" North Carolina.—For reestablishing the Beacon Island
light-house, and constructing in connection therewith a
beacon-iigiit to form a range tor running the Ocracoke inlet,
§5,000.
'■ For a bracon-light at a suitable point at or near Cape
Hatteias inlet, 000.
u For a new light-house at the mouth of Cape Fear river,
in lieu ofllie present stiucture, $-10,000.
££ For buoying tteaufort harbor and Bogue sound, §1,000."
I make this motion for the purpose of asking
the gentleman who reported this bill to tell us how
much of these appropriationsfor the State of North
Carolina is recommended by the Light-House
Board and approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury?
Mr. ELIOT. In reply to the gentleman from
Kentucky, I will say, that this first item:
"For leesiablishing the Beacon Island light house, and
conducting in connection therewith a beacon-light to form
a range for running Ocracoke inlet, $*5,000,"
is subject to the same reply which I made to the
gentleman before. It is inserted in consequence
of a personal interview which I had with the of-
ficers at the Light-House Board, who stated this
amount was necessary.
The second item,
" For a beacon-light at a suitable point at or near Cape
IlaUeras. inlut, §5,QUO,''
I have the same remark to make in reference t©.
The third item is:
" For a new light-house at the mouth of Cape Fear river,
in lieu of the present structure, $'40,000."
If the gentleman desires an explanation of that,
he will find it on page 288 of the Report of the
Secretary of the Treasury on the State of the
Finances, in which he says:
" Tiie light-hou^c at the mouth of Cape Fear river is en-
tirely worn out, and is not on the proper site. The reno-
vation is recommended. The existing light doe5* not&how
&  tar as the outer edge of the Frying Pan shoal*, off the
mouth of the river. To replace the present structure by
another efficient one, showing a light twenty miles sea-
ward, will require ,$40,000.
The last item reads:
"For buoying Beaufort harbor and Bogue sound $1,000 "
This appropriation has the recommendation of
the officer who has in charge this branch of the
business, which recommendation I also recom-
mend personally.
Before taking my scat, I will say to the gentle-
man from Kentucky that when the Committee
on Commerce reports to this House that certain
appropriations for light-houses are recommended
by the Light-IIouse Board, and are, in the opin-
ion of the committee, advisable, the House has
that information in an official form. The only
difference between it and the correspondence
which the gentleman from Kentucky wants is,
that in one instance itcomes verbally through the
official organ of the House upon that subject, and
in the other it is made in writing.
Mr. BURNETT. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts is speaking, 1 believe, in my time, and
I do not care about his taking up the whole live
minutes. I desire to say this, in reference to this
bill: that the members of this House are asked to
vote these large appropriations, in many instances,
without one word of record evidence coming
from the proper officers of the Government show-
ing that they are necessary or demanded for the
public service. And gentlemen who will, vote for
them under such circumstances can very well
afford to vote for a high protective tariff for raising
revenue. I repeat, sir, that we are asked to make
these appropriations upon the mere statement of
members of private conversation with officers of
the Government. For myself, I want to see the
written recommendation of the ^ Light-House
Board, indorsed by the Secretary of the Treasury,
before I can vote for any such appropriations.
Mr. RUFFIN. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky. I hap-
pen to know something about these lights, for
some of them which he proposes to strike out
are in my district. The first clause is for rees-
tablishing Beacon Island light-house, and con-
structing in connection therewith a beacon-light,
to form a range for running the Ocracoke inlet,
$5,000. There were two light-vessels and alight-
house at that place; but on the 1st of August last
the two light-vessels were removed, and the light-
house was discontinued. A short time thereafter
two vessels were wrecked near this place, and a
number of lives were lost. The coast ot North
Carolina is probably the most dangerous coast of
the American continent, and yet the gentleman
from Kentucky, notwithstanding some of these
lights have been established there for years,
wishes all appropriations for them to be stricken
out. The Light-House Board, seeing that an
error had been committed in discontinuing those
light-vessels and the Beacon Island light-house,
and the channel having also changed, now say
that it is necessary that some of them should be
reestablished.
Mr. BURNETT. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. RUFFIN. Certainly.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from North Carolina whether he considers
it right to vote such appropriations as these in
the absence of any recommendation of the Light-
House Board, and the approval of the Secretary
of the Treasury? The point I made upon the
first two paragraphs was, that there had been no
appropriation.
Mr. RUFFIN. I will say to the gentleman
from Kentucky that they have been recommended
by the Light-House Board. In the first place, they
have been recommended to the committee; and in
the next place, I have at my room a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, accompanied by one
from the Light-House Board,respecting these par-
ticular lights, in which the necessity for their re-
cstablishmentfullyappears, lfthegentleman from
Kentucky is not aware of that fact, I cannot help
it. They have been recommended by the com-
mittee m the usual form; and this bill, as I under-
stand, has been reported by the committee as all
light-house bills have been reported heretofore.
The third clause is an appropriation for a light-
house at the mouth of the Cape Fear river. That
light-house is in the district of my friend, Mr.
Winslow, who is not now present. That is a
very dangerous point, and a light-house there is
absolutely necessary.
No part of the United States has a more dan-
gerous coast than North Carolina; and the whole
coasting trade between the North and South, pass-
ing along that coast, is benefited by these light-
houses. I hope the House will not for a moment
entertain the idea of striking out these appropri-
ations.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
amend by striking out lines one hundred and
one hundred and two, as follows:
" For buoying Beaufort harbor and Bogue s;ound, $1,000."
I move the amendment for the purpose of say-
ing a few words. Not only am I opposed to this
particular appropriation, but 1 am opposed to the
whole bill, i think, sir, that the Committee of
Ways and Means have appropriated enough to
repair and keep up all the light-houses which are
necessary at the present time. And, sir, to bung
in a bill now to tiie tune of half or three quarters
of a million dollars in this shape, mostly for new
works, is more than I can vote for.
