1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
convention, and the Democratic party of the Union
nominated him as their candidate and elected him
President, that the people of Pennsylvania will not
remain silent when he is forgetful of his pledges
and false to his principles. Nor will they deal in
holiday expressions of pretended support. No,
sir, they cannot be guilty of such cowardice; and
as one of their Representatives, I come here, not
to speak
" In a toady's key,
With bated breath and whispering humbleness,"
but to speak out boldly Democratic denunciation
of an Administration that would, in the last ago-
nies of its departing power, and when it can no
longer hold control of the Government, like the
blind giant of the Jews, pull down into ruin the
fair fabric of Democratic organization.
Mr. Chairman, as the congressional term of
Mr. Jones, my predecessor, was approaching its
close, and the people were being called upon to
provide for the next term, a general desire was
expressed throughout the district that he should
be superseded, and that his truculence to power
and his infidelity to the people upon the tariff
question, and in his support of that loathsome
abomination of modern legislation—the English
Lecompton Kansas bill—should be heartily con-
demned and repudiated. Several worthy gentle-
men were put forward before the delegates in
opposition to Mr. Jones, but they declined upon
the ground that it would be impossible to make
head against thefraudulentdelegate system. Jones
was nominated by a convention principally con-
trolled by office-holders and office-hunters, who,
in the one instance, if fascinated by the allure-
ments of Federal patronage, were, in the other, ter-
rified by the threats of dismissal from the public
crib. The Lecompton party in Washington were
thrown into an ecstacy of joy. They serenaded
Mr. Jones at his hotel, and everywhere it was de-
clared that Mr. Buchanan's policy would be sus-
tained in old Berks county by a majority of seven
thousand. But the dissatisfaction I have men-
tioned remained unabated. On the 11th of Septem-
ber, 1858, an anti-Lecompton convention or mass
meeting was held in the city of Reading, consist-
ing of working men, farmers, and business men
generally. I was nominated as an independent
candidate, running upon the regular Cincinnati
platform and in opposition to the administration
of Mr. Buchanan. I accepted the nomination
which was tendered to me by the people, and I
wish to be understood, fully and fairly, that I would
rather have my right arm drop from me than de-
ceive the kind and noble people who have placed
their trust m me. I have not deceived them thus far,
nor will I to the end. What a presumption ofthis
Administration to suppose that I could be bribed
by its dazzling power! I glory in serving the peo-
ple—a higher political power than the President.
1 am proud to serve the people, who are the mas-
ters of the President's power, as well as of mine.
I never before held office in my life, nor have I
sought any, if I except my commission as second
lieutenant in the volunteers during the second war
of independence in 1812. The canvass between
Jones and myself was an cxcitmg one. Mr.
Wendell, then the Public Printer of the United
States, to all intents and purpose, swears before
the Committee on Public Expenditures of this
House that, at the humble suit of Jones, he con-
tributed large sums of money to carry the election
against me, and for Jones; but money was of no
avail. Mr. Jones represented himself as the Pres-
ident's right-hand man, and that it was impossible
the Government could spare his statesmanlike
ability. He really told the people that Mr. Bu-
chanan could not do without him; that he must
have Jones to help him with the Government. I
contented myself with advocating Jeffersonian
Democratic punciples and the ancient traditions
of the party, and denouncing coiruption in office
and treachery to plighted faith. The verdict was
rendered—and what was it ? That if J. G. Jones
was the right-hand man of the President, I uTas
the right-hand man of the people, the President's
masters. Mine, sir, you must admit, is the higher
and more honorable position.
An attempt made to deprive me of my certificate
of election was frustrated; a count of one of the
ballot-boxes showed more majority for me than
had been returned. When my election was sure,
and the people rejoiced, the President consoled his
protege with a fat foreign mission, and the Con-
1951
stitution (then the Union) heaped vile abuse upon
the people of Berks. The dainty delicacy of Mr.
Buchanan's aristocracy of action had been of-
fended by a free people expressing their prefer-
ence in opposition to his arrogant dictation. That
people must be abused; and as their Representa-
tive then, as I have been at this session, epithets,
without a particle of ground for them, were and
have been hurled at me in language that would
shock the decency of Billingsgate. In nothing,
however, was I more outraged than seeing Admin^
istration papers put down my victory as an Ad-
ministrationvictory, and my name in the list of
Administration members.
Now, Mr. Chairman, let me say another word
about myself. The organ of the President, the
Constitution, hasnven descended tolowand coarse
allusions to my years; and the venerable presiding
officer of this flouse, Mr. Pennington, has been
similarly assailed. Thank God, in my long life
I have never disgraced myself by a dishonorable
act; never deserted my friends; never betrayed
my principles, and never lost the respect of my
neighbors, among whom I have lived since boy-
hood. Mr. Buchanan is an old man himself, prob-
ably ten years my senior. He has a great name,
and, being President, ought to have a great intel-
lect. I have known him for thirty-six years, and
he has known me as long. Professing no distin-
guished talents myself, I will not run compari-
sons with so distinguished a character; but I would
rather be plain John Schwartz, with .the good
opinion of my fellow-citizens, than a President
who has lost the confidence of his oldest and
truest friends, and who trembles at the idea of
meeting the men face to face that he has deserted,
and then attempted to betray. 1 have never set
up, sir, any claims to Mr. Buchanan's favor;
never asked him for any office;.and yet, nearly
twenty years ago, my friend Forney, the present
Clerk ofthis House, whom I had the pleasure to
nominate for that position—and I never gave a
more hearty vote in my life—Colonel Forney and
myself assisted to save Mr. Buchanan from a dis-
graceful defeat when he sought to be reelected to
the Senate of the United States. Governor Por-
ter, now a great friend of the President and then
his worst enemy, sought to use the glorious Henry
A. Muhlenberg, of Berks county, as a candidate
for the Senate,«n order to divide the Democratic
party so as to prevent the election of Mr. Bu-
chanan. The friends of Mr. Buchanan had to meet
in State convention to prevent Governor Porter
from defeatinghim; and Colonel Forney and my-
self, together with many other good men, some
of them dead and a number of them still living,
prevailed upon Mr. Muhlenberg to refuse the use
of his name for this purpose. Not being much
of a politician myself, I can refer to this circum-
stance to show that, if Mr. Buchanan can forget,
I may recall it to remind him that it is a sad thing
for one old man to set his hounds upon another
old man. I have said that I have asked Mr. Bu-
chanan no favors; can he say that he is not in-
debted to John Schwartz for some considera-
tion ? At least, may I not ask of him to call off
his dogs—his British editor included—in their
personal attacks upon my private character?
And now a word as to the rebel Democrats, of
whom, Mr. Chairman, I am one, and proud to be
so. What is my offense? I stand by the old
Democratic faith, without altering a comma or
crossing (if. I cling to the creed given to us by
the South at Cincinnati and forced upon us by
the South; ay, sir, and explained by the Presi-
dent himself. If they have changed front, that is
their choice; I do not blame them for changing.
They had a right to change; but I do complam
that I should be hunted down for not following
their example. What, then, is my offense? I
voted for John Sherman and for William Pen-
nington—both Republicans, itis true; butdid not
the very men who abuse me for voting for them
vote for known and adhering Americans? Did
not Mr. Buchanan's own newspaper praise the
Democrats who voted for southern Know-Noth-
ings. In my own county of Berks, Mr. Chair-
man, I have been taught to believe that a Repub-
lican was no worse than a Know-Nothing; and
in choosing a Republican I was controlled by a
desire to vote for no man who sympathized with
the betiayal of Democratic principles, and who
assisted in personal assaults upon myself and all
those Vho would not follow Mr. Buchanan in this
betrayal. But I had another reason for voting
for John Sherman and William Pennington..
^hey 1were, and are, both in favor of the protec-
tion of American industry. Mr. Buchanan prom-  
ised to help us with our tariff. "He himself told -
many of us that, ifelected President, he woukl take
care of the interest of Pennsylvania. Everybody*'
knows that he has not done so. '
Mr. Chairman, I now approach the considera-
tion of a question which concerns the interests of ,
the people of Pennsylvania, next to the integrity
of the Union, more than any other; and that is
the tariff bill now before the committee. That
there is a necessity for an increase of the tariff at
this time, even those, I presume, whoarc opposed
to protecting the great interests "of the country,
cannot deny. We have a heavy debt hanging
ovei*us, which continues and has continued to in-
crease, because of the inadequacy of the existing
rates of duties upon imports to provide revenue
sufficient for the ordinary functions of the Gov-
ernment. Once it was said that a national debt
was a national blessing; but that long since has
been an exploded idea, and there is not, that I
know of, even a respectable faction of any party
who will now urge it upon us. If the policy of
the Government, then, be to prevent the accumu-
lation of a heavy debt, we must cease making
loans; and to do that, wc must provide for the
raising of revenue sufficient to meet the wants of
the Government. When wc do that, we stop the
issue of any more Treasury notes, or the raising
of any more loans. And then, again, it would seem
to be the part of duty and prudence to provide
also for the gradual extinction of the existing debt
of the United States.
Mr. Chaiiman, I propose to make a few prac-
tical remarks with reference to the collection of
duties upon imports. It is established, beyond
doubt, that fraud is perpetrated upon our revenue
laws, and will be so long as we have ad valorem
duties upon articles by weight and measure. That
would be prevented by following the recommend-
ation of President Buchanan, in the adoption of
specific duties. As the ad valorem duty now oper-
ates, if iron is high the duty goes up, and if iron
is low the duty goes down. The consumer, when
there is least need for protection, pays high; and
when iron is low the duty affords no protection,
and the manufacturer loses. And, moreover, the
ad valorem system operates as if a new tariff were
enacted at every change of price. It encourages
fraud upon the revenue, because a small invoice
price produces a duty proportionally low. It tends
to throw the importing business of the country
into dishonest hands. It offers a virtual bonus
upon the consumption of inferior articles. Spe-
cific duties, on the other hand, tend to counteract
the fluctuations of trade and insure regularity to
the business of the country, as the producer can
calculate with comparative certainty upon the com-
petition against which he has to contend, and can
establish his production upon so firm a basis that,
on the average of years, as cheap, if not cheaper,
prices are insured to the consumer.
The true test of national prosperity is to be found
in the price of labor, which can only be maintained
at a permanently high rate by opening every pos-
sible avenue of employment to receive the ever-
increasing supply. The ad valorem system of
duties tends to narrow the field oflabor, and conse-
quently to reduce its rewards. The employment
in manufactures, by diverting a large amount of
agriculture, insures a home market and better
prices to the farmer. And the cotton planter is
equally interested with the farmer in securing
large wages and diversified employment to labor,
because it increases the ability of the community
to consume; thus securing, at the same time, a
large home market for cotton, and, by reducing
the quantity forced upon the foreign market, a
higher price for the staple. The protection which
is required is protection for the Government
against frauds upon the revenue; for the importer,
against dishonest competition; for the producer,
against the unnatural fluctuations of trade; for the
consumer, against high prices of iron, which are
rendered inevitable by the absence of domestic
production; for labor, against the meager rewards
which a narrow field for employment must occa-
sion; and for the farmer and planter, against the
obvious disadvantages of a single market and the
loss of intrinsic value entailedupontheir produce
by the expense of transporting it abroad.
