1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
sibly I could point out the appropriate treatment
for his recovery. Possibly I could prepare a po-
litical prescription for his benefit, possessed of
curative powers equal to those he has been pleased
to assign to my professional. But I much fear
me, as lie has indicated that he would not adopt
my treatment, that he would not take my pre-
scription; I much fear me that he prefers to me,
and those acting with me and our remedies, to
patronize an eminent northwestern man, deemed,
by many, a political empiric, and his nostrums;
for while the Senator will not himself, as he has
assured us, take that empiric's nostrums, deem-
ing them poisonous, yet he consults him relative
to their effects upon others, and pursues such
course toward his nostrums as may well induce
others to take them.
His argument, designed to prove that the com-
mon law cannot protect slave property, is an ar-
gument against the truth of history. African
slavery was first introduced into England and its
possessions under the common law. It first came
to this country under the common law. It re-
ceived here, and throughout the English depend-
encies, for years, its sole protection from the
common law—years during which it most flour-
ished; years during which it acquired that vigor
which lias perpetuated itself to this time. That
law, as the Senator well said, exists not only in
this country, but wherever the Anglo-Saxon race
have established a government, except in the par-
ticular instances in which it has been superseded
by particular legislative acts. It exists certainly
in this country, not only in States, but in Terri-
tories alike. In both alike it is recognizcd by the
courts, except where it comes in conflict with some
constitutional legislative enactment. Well, sir,
one of its first axioms is, that every right has its
remedy. I would say, then, to the Senator from
Mississippi, he has but to establish his right, and
the remedy necessarily goes with it. The Con-
stitution has asserted the right of the South as
coequal with that of the North in the Territories.
both cases, in the illustration of to-day and the
previous one, is not in punishing the act, but it
is in.provingit. Laws exist, I presume, in every
slaveholding State, prohibiting and punishing the
sale of spirits to slaves, prohibiting and punishing
the decoying away of a negro. If a negro, when
he is owned as property, is found in tire pos-
session, without permission of law or owner, of
some other person, the possession implies the
fact that such person has decoyed him away, and
is proof sufficient; but if he is found running at
large, no one is responsible for his being so, un-
less the fact can be carried home to some individ-
ual that he did detoy him away. How is the fact
to be established ? Or if a slave is found intoxi-
cated, and thus useless, how are you to prove
that any white man sold him spirits in violation
of law? You cannot do it under the existing
laws. The slaveholding States, and several of
the non-slaveholding, prohibita negro's testimony
being received against a white man. What then
is the Senator's remedy, if he has it not under
the common law ? Would he come here and ask
Congress to do that which his own Legislature has
declined doing—put the negro on a level with the
white man in the courts, put his slave on an
equality with the Senator himself before a court ?
Surely he would not ask that kind of congres-
1 sional legislation; and if he did, respect for our-
| selves, if not for the Government of which we are
i a part, would compel us to deny it.
i He points us to the action of the Legislatures
; of Nebraska and Kansas, in proof of the neces-
sity of congressional intervention, and in justifi-
| cation of the intervention lie asks ill his resolutions
! and bill. What is that action J The Legislature
of Nebraska passed a law prohibiting slavery. The
: Governor vetoed it, and the veto was sustained,
i Surely, on this abortive attempt at usurpation of
power, the Senator cannot base an application for
! protection of slave property in Nebraska, even if
! property of that kind existed there for protection,
1 which is not the case. The Legislature of Kan-
The* Supreme Court has affirmed this right. The j1 sas passed a similar act, and that, too, was vetoed,
Constitution, the courts,and thecommon law,w ill ;j but passed again over the veto. The Senator, in
protect the right. A Territorial Legislature may 1! commenting on the resolutions last introduced by
so legulate as to improve that protection. If it ! his colleague, stated that the remedies for protec-
refuse so to do, it practices the doctrine of noil- I1 tion of southern property, except such remedies
action recently inculcated, and evades its duty; jj as Congress might afford, were exhausted, and
but it cannot go any further in that direction; it ij therefore Congress must intervene. Not so, even
cannot violate its duty and the Constitution by ji in Kansas. The judiciary yet stands between
destroying, oreven impairing, the right; however, I; the right sought to be destroyed by the Kansas
1 . 1 , l _ _ 1 _ I T .  .  Kt. tlin fill-
it may make the attempt. A modern school of
politicians reasons thus: if a Territorial Legisla-
ture has the right to protect and to regulate the
protection of slave property, it has the right to
impair its value; if it has the right to impair its
value, it has the right to destroy it. What ab-
surdity of reasoning, if it can be called reasoning!
My friend from Mississippi dissents from the
rationale, but arrives at its conclusion.
The Constitution guaranties to every citizen
life, liberty, and his property. The Constitution,
the courts, and the common law, protect these
rights. A Legislature may so regulate as to im-
prove this protection. A" Legislature may, for
instance, vary the punishment for a violation ot
these rights." It may vary the punishment for
taking life; but does the power to vary the put.-
ishment for taking life carry with it the pmvei
by director indirect action, to lessen the value of
the life of the innocent citizen? the power to place
his life in daily jeopardy ? the power to destroy
his life > The latter proposition might as well be
maintained as a similar one relative to the power
to protect property.
I shall allude to but one-
-time will not allow
, Legislature and the usurpation by which the de-
j struction of that right is sought. Who can doubt
what the decision of that judiciary will be? No
one who has read the Dred Scott decision can for
a momentdoubt that the courts, upon appeal, will
declare the recent attempt at usurpation in Kan-
sas, by a prohibitory act, null and void, and leave
the owners of slave property there in the posses-
sion of their common-law remedies for protection
. —remedies which, in my estimation, will be found
quite sufficient. This'action to which he has
; pointed was the first, but the legitimate, fruit of the
doctrine promulgated by the Senator from Illinois,
' [Mr. Douglas and it was hastened or induced ill
part, doubtless, from a supposition upon the part
of the Territorial Legislature that the overshadow-
ing influence of that Senatorwould induce a con-
cessional sanction of their usurpation. When this
expectation has been disappointed, as it will be,
< and when those Legislatures have been rebuked
!l by the courts for their attempted usurpation, as
" we know m adtance, from the Dred Scott decis-
. ion, they will be, such action will not be repeated
i by those or any other Territorial Legislatures,
and the doctrine oil which it is based will soon
more—of the Senator's illustiations in support of ; cease to be entertained; unless, indeed, the Sena-
. . . . t • • ... i... i.T.  A 1 ^rhro-c \rhn 11WV IP (IS-
his opinion that the common law is impotent to
the protection of slave property. He asks, " If
a man decoys my slave from one county to an-
other adjoining, what remedy have 1:" He ad-
mitted that he had a remedy, but objected that
the remedy must necessarily be applied day after
day. We can look at this illustration made hy
him,in the very same light with another illustra-
tion which I have heard^J" I mistakr not, from
the same Senator. At all events, I will couple the
two. It has been objected to the common law
that it contained no provision against, and pro-
vided no punishment for, selling liquor to slaves:
ami that in the absence of such law, their owners
might find them, at times, not only useless and
troublesome, but mischievous. The difficulty in
tor from Mississippi and others who may be dis-
posed :o aid him* secure the nomination for the
Presidency of the main pillar of the doctrine, and
.thus make ii a settled governmental policy.
The absence of'any" special legislative protec-
tion for slave property may, I grant von, subject
the owners of that property to inconveniences, to
annoyances: hut certainly to none greatei than
are the owners of other self-moving, locomotive
property daily subjected—incomeniencos and an-
noyances requiring vigilance for tile preservation
of property, but not affecting its title, nor neces-
scinly its pOfcSt.ssion. AN c must not create, and
, we should not be asked to ereuU—and 1 doubt
our re' lit to grant the request if it is asked—rights
. eitherTor the North or for the South, by legisla-
tion; but it is ourduty, the duty of every depart-
ment of the Government, to see that rights granted
by, or recognized by, the Constitution, receive ad-
equate protection. The power of the judiciary to
grant such protection cannot be questioned; be-
cause the judiciary derives its power from the
Constitution, which asserts the right; and the ju-
diciary was created by that Constitution for the
very purpose of asserting and defending rights
under it. Hitherto, the courts have been found
possessed of the required means for the adequate
exercise of that power. If, at any time hereafter,
they are found deficient in those means, and the
local Legislature refuses to grant them, it will be
the duty of Congress to supply the deficiency in
support of the courts; but it is not the duty, and
scarce the right, of Congress, to grant that gen-
eral legislation in advance contemplated by the
Senator's resolutions, and asked by his bill.
Such legislation would be a departure, as he has
well said, from that great principle of non-inter-
vention we have so long sustained—a principle
now so nccessary, as it has been heretofore, for
our success; and not only for that, but so neces-
sary for harmony between the northern and south-
ern wings of thfi,only party which has its mem-
bers from the Lakes to the Gulf.
I As with the Senator's special " decpy" argu-
ment adverse to the common law, so with lis
' others; their fallacy generally can be shown; and,
indeed, the impolicy and inutility, one or both, of
I most of the,congressional legislation he asks for
i the Territories, can bo easily demonstrated; but
I I do not design to consume the time of the Senate
1 with any lengthy arguments on the subject. I
■ shall leave them to abler heads. Far better leave
I the protection of an established right to the Con-
' stitution, the courts, and the great unwritten com-
■ mon law, which is the sense of right among in-
telligent men, their common sense and that of the •
courts, than to that over-legislation asked for in ,
the Senator's bill, and which would subject him
to more inconvenience, more annoyance, in ob-
servance of its provisions, than will the absence
of all legislation.
Mr. President, I have already, however, gone
further than it was my intention to do on first
rising. Now for another subject, ill relation to
| which I design making amotion. There lies upon
1 the desk a communication from the regents of the
i Ladies' Mount Vernon Association, extending
I the courtesy of an invitation to the Senate, or
j such members of it as may choose to accept of
j it, to visit the tomb and home of Washington,
j to-morrow. A boat, it appears, is placed at the
; disposal of the association, or such members of
; it as happen to be now in the city, who propose
! to visit Mount Vernon for the first time since
I they have completed its purchase. They would
be doubtless gratified at the acceptance of the in-
vitation; and, for the purpose of allowing Sena-
tors who may design to accept it to do so with-
out interfering with public duties, I move that
when we adjourn, we adjourn to meet at twelve
o'clock to-morrow, and to-morrow we adjourn
at three o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bigler m
the chair.) The Senator of course must first move
the postponement of the subject under consider-
i ation.
I Mr. FITCH. I move, then, the temporary
j postponement of it, unless some gentleman wishes
; to speak now.
I Mr. GW1N. I want to call up the West Point
I appropriation bill.
I Mr. FITCH. Will the Senator permit me to
i make my motion?
: Mr. GWIN. Certainly, provided I can make
j the motion to call up that bill.
j Mr. FITCH. I move the postponement of this
1 subject.
The motion waS agreed to.
HOUR OF MEETING.
,, Mr. FITCH. Now I move that when we ad-
:i journ this afternoon, we adjourn to meet at twelve
-1 o'clock to-morrow, and then adjourn at three p.m.
to-morrow.
Mr. WIGFALL. I hope the vote will not be
taken on that yet. It may be important to con-
'i suuit the time" in business. If the Senator will
I withdraw that motion, I will renew it at some
other time.
! Mr. MASON. Will Senators allow me to sug-
