1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2895
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him a question ? I would
ask the gentleman if the Committee of Ways and
Means have had the subject of light-houses under
consideration, and whether they have examined
it.' I ask him whether they have conferred with
the Liglut-House Board, which was established
by law to give Congress information upon this
subject?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means make an appropria-
tion for light-houses, such as they think neces-
sary for the present year.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Was not
that appropriation for oil for light-houses, and for
other matters of that kind?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. You can
ascertain, by looking at the bill, what the appro-
priation was for.
Mr. SHERMAN. The ordinary.annual ap-
propriation made by the Committee of Ways and
Means was for oil. for carrying on the light-house
service, for the salaries of officers, and for repairs
of existing light-houses. I suppose that all the
appropriations contained in this bill are for new
light-houses, not heretofore established by law.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I must vote
against appropriating $750,000 for the construc-
tion of new works. I think this is not quite the
time for doing that. Our Treasury is not yet
quite full enough for that. When our high pro-
tective tariff shall have filled the Treasury—as
our friends upon the other side contend it will,
though I think it will only keep out unnecessary
importations—I may be willing to throw away
$750,000 upon new light-houses. I am opposed
• to the whole bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to the amendment.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. HUGHES. I move to strike out lines
one hundred and nine to one hundred and eleven,
inclusive, as follows;
" For a light-house at Cape Monclocino, being
the pxtreme western pnint of land on the Pacific coast,
$80,000."
I move the amendment f<y the purpose of say-
ing that, while 1 am in favor of making appro-
priations for proper light-houses, both upon the
Atlantic and Pacific coasts, and upon the lakes,
I cannot vote for this bill, because there are so
many important items inserted in it which have
not the approbation of the proper authorities of
the Government, which have not been estimated
for by the Light-House Board, and for which no
plan has been made, so far as we know, by the
proper Departments. Therefore, I say, 1 am
under the necessity of voting against the whole
bill.
Mr. BTJRCH. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland. I desire
simply to say that there has been an appropria-
tion of $40,000 for the erection of a light-house
at Cape Mendocino, the extreme western point
of land upon the Pacific coast; but it was found
inadequate for the construction of a light-house
at that point. The inland country is so rugged
that it is impossible to get to the promontory by
land. It is only approachable by waters It is a
most dangerous p'oint to reach; and the Coriimit-
tee on Commerce has recommended an appropri-
ation of $80,000, so that the Light-House B(ferd
may make such an expenditure as they, in their
judgment, may deem necessary to carry out the
object of the appropriation. It is not anticipated
that the whole of this amount will be expended,
but only so much as may be necessary.
A steamer by the name of Northerner was
wrecked within four miles of that point last win-
ter, in consequence of the want of alight Upon that
point, and I hope the committee will sec the neces-
sity of making an appropriation for this light-
house.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 wish to say, in reference to
this Mendocino light-house, something which
applies as well to other appropriations contained
in this bill. When I had an interview with the
Lijfht-House Board in reference to the importance
of a light-house at Cape Mendocino, the opinion
was expressed, without any hesitation, that there
ought to be a light-house established there. It
was said by the officers of the Light-House Board
—and it is to that that I wish to call the attention
of the gentleman who just now objected—that it
was impossible for them, at the time the inform-
ation was sought for, to give to Congress esti-
mates such as could reliably be acted upon with
reference to building such a work as this; and
therefore there is found in this bill, as in the hills
for the last two or three years, a section which
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to make
preliminary surveys, under the direction of the
Superintendent of the Coast Survey, whenever
such preliminary examination may be necessary.
This should be done before any money is ex-
pended, in order to ascertain the proper location
and the extent of the work. If an adverse report
be made, no part of the appropriation will be used;
but Congress will be asked at its next session to
legislate on the subject. If, on examination, it is
found that the appropriation is sufficient, and that
the public exigency requires it, then the money
is used.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BURCH. No portion of the appropria-
tion of $40,000 has been used at that point, but
has reverted back to the Department.
The question was taken on Mr. Hughes's
amendment; and it wds rejected.
Mr. BURNETT. I should like to know from
the gentleman from Massachusetts how much of
the appropriation contained in this paragraph for
Washington Territory meets with the approval of
the Secretary of the Treasury. The appropria-
tion for that Territory amounts to $175,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is not the
gentleman mistaken in regard to the amount?
We have passed that item of $25,000 for Wash-
ington Territory.
Mr. BURNETT. How much of the appropri-
ation for Washington Territory meets the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Interior?
Mr. WxlSHBURNE, of Illinois. The whole
of it.
Mr. BURNETT. Is there a recommendation
for it;
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELIOT. If the gentleman will turn to the
Report on the Finances, page 290, he will find that
the Light-House Board and the Secretary of the
Treasury* as president of the board, brought be-
fore Congress what they believed to be the wants
of the Government in respcct to the appropriation
asked for in the second section. The committee
has no feeling in regard to this matter. It has
been pressed upon them by the Department as
being an improvement highly necessary to be
made. At present there are attending on buoys
twenty-one light-house tenders, manned by two
hundred seamen. In the eleventh district, em-
bracing the waters of the lakes St. Clair, Huron,
Michigan, Superior, and Green Bay, it is found
impossible for the sailing vessels there employed
to perform the work. In some of the other dis-
tricts there are two, and in some three, sailing
vessels; and the Secretary of the Treasury gives
it as his opinion that the expenses of the Govern-
ment would be much less if the change was made
which is here recommended by the committee.
It has been found impossible to do the work, and
to attend properly to the four hundred and fifty
light-houses extending over coasts of twenty-one
thousand miles in extent, with sailing vessels;
therefore it was that the appropriation was rec-
ommended, and has been reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. Q/UARLES. I move to strike out the sec-
ond section of the bill, which*is in the following
words:
11 Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the sum of
$150,000 is hereby appropriated and directed to be paid, out
of any money in the Trea&uiy not oth<>nvi&« appropriated,
for the purchase or conjunction offoui^team piopollcr* to
be u&ed on the Atlantic coast, and one steam propeller to be
used on the uovtlnve-tem lakes, m lieu of the sail vessel*
now employed as iight-hou.se and buoy tenders."
We have had some little experience, Mr. Chair-
man, in regatd to the matter of supplying boats to
be used in connection with the light-house system.
The whole light-house system on the coast of
California, Oregon, and Washington, cost $18,000,
for employes, fuel, and supplies of every nature.
By a law of August, 1856, a steamer was pro-
cured for that coast as a light-house tender, and
now it costs £30,000 to maintain that tender, to
run alone; and make occasional inspections, and
carry a little oil to these light-houses. Now, here
it is proposed to alter our system in that respcct.
Sir, if we enter upon this system of buying steam-
ers and putting them out to trade between light-
houses, we will have exactly the same result, as
we had in California. I do not think we ought
to do such a thing; and therefore I move to strike
out the section.
Mr. ELIOT. I think that the fears of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee will not be realized. The.
argument which he makes, based on his expe-
rience on the Pacific coast, is not one that' ought
to strike the committee as applicable to the sec-
tion here reported. It is well known that t&&
expenses on the coast of California are very much
larger than those on the Atlantic co&et. I am
inclined to think that there is a great mistake in
regard to the expense of maintaining the steamer
Shubrick, to which reference has been made.
This year there was an appropriation of $30,000
for the maintenance of that steamer; last year
there was no appropriation at all made for it.
I suppose the gentleman must have made some
examination of the matter before he undertook to
state that the effect of introducing this change
would be to increase the expense. The Light-
House Board think differently. The Secretary
|Of the Treasury thinks differently. They say it
will be a saving of money to the Government. I
have no doubt that it is but a question of time;
and that if it is not done now, it will be done soon.
The committee believe the present to be the proper
time to do it, because it is right in itself, is rec-
ommended by the proper Department, and is
demanded by the necessities of commerce. There-
fore the report is here. Let me say, sir, that
there are some other interests besides pecuniary
interests. Life and property are jeoparded very
much upon the Atlantic, and upon the lakes, by
the inefficiency of the vessels that have been em-
ployed. I hope the motion will not prevail.
The question was taken on Mr. GUtarles's
amendment; and it was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offei the following amend-
ment, to come in as a third section:
Sec. 3. Jhid be it further enacted, That no portion of the
money herein appropriated for the ercction of any light-
house or beacon-light shall be expended until plans shall be
furnished and contracts made for the entire completion of
said light-house or beacon-light for the sum herein appro-
priated.
It is a very common practice in our Govern-
ment to appropriate ten or twenty thousand dol-
lare for the construction of a light-house, a cus-
tom-house, or some other woi-k; and thereupon
the Department commences a work that will cost
£500,000. I want to prevent such an abuse grow-
ing out of the passage of this bill in case it should
pass.
Mr. ELIOT. I think the provisions in section
four of the bill will meet all reasonable require-"*
ments. I am inclined to think that if this amend-
ment shall be adopted it would necessarily cripple
very much the operations of the Department. It
is an entirely new mode of doing business. It is
a new principle which is sought to be ingrafted
on this appropriation of money.
Mr. SHERMAN. I beg the gentleman's par-
don; it has been done for the last three or four
years; and I hope that no appropriation bill of
this kind will ever pass without such a provision.
Let us appropriate the entire sum necessary, and
then we shall know what we are doing. It has
been done in several instances.
Mr. ELIOT. In the case of light-houses?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not m the case of light-
houses, but in the case of other buildings. \Ve
commenced the construction of the Charleston
custom-house for §100,000, and it has already
cost $,'2,000,000, and it will cost §1,000,000 more
before it is completed.
Mr. ELIOT. I would inquire if the object of
the amendment is simply to provide that no ap-
propriation shall be used if it is found, upon ex-
amination, that it will require more than the
amount appropriated to build the contemplated
work ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly. The object is,
that the Department shall state to us how much
the work is going to cost, so that we may appro-
priate the money with a lull understanding of
what the work is going to cost. But I have no
idea of appropriating $30,000 to build a light-
house, and allowing the Department to spend
$200,000.
Mr. BURCH. As a friend of this bill, I sug-
gest to the gentleman from Massachusetts the
