2896
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12.
propriety of accepting this amendment. There
can be no reasonable objection to it.
Mr. ELIOT. I will say that the practice of the
Department—and the knowledge of members of
the Committee on Commerce, I suppose, will bear
me out in saying so—is, that when an appropria-
tion has been provided for, and upon a preliminary
survey it has been found that the appropriation is
not sufficient, no money at all has been expended.
Such was the case in Massachusetts m a case
within my personal knowledge, and also at Cape
Mendocino. There was an appropriation there
of $40,000, but it was found to be entirely insuf-
ficient, and the money went back into the Treas-
ury, and has not been used at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. The effect of this amend-
mtent is only to confine the expenditure for a par-
ticular light-house to the amount appropriated. If
they have not estimated enough, let them send us
a complete estimate of what it will cost, and keep
within that.
The question was then taken on Mr. Sherman's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I do not see my colleague in
his seat. I know that he contemplated offering^!
an amendment which may be important, and 1
have to offer the amendment without knowing
precisely what I am doing. I move to insert the
word "Galveston" in line ten of section three.
The CHAIRMAN. We have passed that por-
tion of the bill; and it is not in order to go back,
cxcept by unanimous consent.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I object.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is on
the substitute for the bill offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I move to
dispense with the reading of the substitute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer my amendment,
which was adopted just now, to the original bill,
to come in as section two of the substitute.
Mr. ELIOT. I hope that amendment will not j
be adopted. J am afiaicf it will seriously preju-
dice the interests of eommeice and the operations
of the Light-House Board.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts if he knows of any light-house
provided for m this bill which will cost moie than
the amount appropriated ?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly not. I know this,
moreover, that if, in the judgment of the Light-
House Hoard, the building of a light-house will
cost more than is appropriated for it. not a dollar
of the appropriation will be us'-d until further
action on the part of Congress. That has been
*the uniform rule.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 believe
that the amendment is right, and that it ought to
be put in.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it ought to be put
in every appropriation bill that passes.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to insert in line ten
of the third section the words "at Galveston, in
Texas;" so that it will read:
Sec. Jlntl be it furthei enacted, That the mm of £20,000
be, and the same i.- heieby. apptopi iat<-d and ducen-d to tie
paid, out ot atjy money in the TicaMiry not otheiui^e
appiopnated, lor the e.stabl«hmenr, nt the point- liciem
named.of Midi eai-fclgnaN as ina> piove to he satisfactory
under the experiments hereinbefore authorized to be made;
that is to s-ay : at West (iuoddy lie,ul and iioone IMund.ni
Maine; at ho^ton. in Ma^aehtwtfs; at Sandy Hook, in
New York ; at Chaileston, in South Carolina : at Savan-
nah, in Georgia; at Galveston, in Texas ; and at the South-
west Pass of the Mississippi tiver.
Mr. Chairman, if I may be allowed, I will say
just this: that the commerce of Galveston has be-
come very large; that the coast is a "dangerous
one; and that, if there is any point at which a light-
house should be built, it is there.
The amendment was agreed to.
The substitute, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I move that ,,
the committee rise, and report the bill to the House, j!
The motion was agreed to. Ij
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having Jj
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine, ;!
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the ji
state of the Union had, according to ordei, had ,j
the Uniongcnerallyunder consideration, and par- H
ticularly the bill of the House No. 350, making 'j
appropriations for hght-houscs, beacons, buoys, J!
&c., and had instructed him to report the same to i!
the House, with an amendment in the nature of
a substitute.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the previous question
upon the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. BURNETT called for tellers upon second-
ing the demand.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Burnett,
and Robinson of Rhode Island, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes one hundred, a further count not'being de-
manded.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
The amendment, in the nature of a substitute,
reported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being engrossed>
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. BURNETT callcd for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yens and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 92, nays 80; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Aldnch, Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Samuel
S. Blair, Blake, Bouliimy, Bray ton, Buflinton, Burch, Bur-
linjrame, Burnliam, itiitteiHeld, Campbell, Carter, Horace
F. Ciaik, John Cochrane, Collax, Curtis, II. Winter Davis.
Dawes, Delano, l)uell, Edjieiton, Edwaids, Eliot, Ely,
Farnswoith, Teuton, Ferry, Floience, Fo-ter, Fieneh,
Gooch, Grow, flail, J. Mou^on Harris, William Howard,
William A. Howard, Junkin, William Kelloge, Larrabee,
DeWitt C. Ltach, Lee, LoomK, Maelaj, Mai^ton, Mc-
Knight, Millward, Montgomery, Moorhcad, Morrill, Kd-
waid Joy Moin>, Mor«se. Nixon. Noel^Ohn, I'etry, Pettit, j
Pottei, J'ottle, Itice, Chn^topher Robinson. Ro\ee, Rufltn.
Schwann, Scott, Soninton. Sedgwick, Sickles, William N.
11. Smith, Som« •>, Sp.iulding, "William Stevvait, Stt.ttton,
Tappan, Thayei, Theakei, Vance, V'nndevoi, Van Wjek,
Verree. Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cadwalador C. Wash-
burn, Ellihu 1>. Wiishhutne, Israel Wash bum, Wells, Wil-
bon, Wmdom, and IVoodrull--92.
NAYS—Me?.si-;. Gieen Adam*, Allen, William C. An-
dei.-on, AMimote, Avery, Bealc, Bingham, Bocock, Bon- I
ham, Botelei, Bojce, Btahson, Bn-tow, Burnett, John 15.
Clark, Cobb, Gov, Ciawioid.Curi v. John G D.ivi-.. Reuben
Davis, Dunn, Edmundson, English, Etheridue, (iamett,
Gaitiell, Gilmei, Hale, John T. iiam-, Uattou, Hickman,
Hoard, Hobnaii, Hon-tou, Ungho, Hutching, Jone>, Kil-
hngei, kimkel, Lamui, James M. Leach, Leake, Logan,
Lohgneckci, Love. Lovejoj, Mallon, Mavmud, Mcl'her-
son, MeUucen. Melhie, Miles, MiiNon, Laban T. Moore,
Sydenham Mooie, Nelson, Nihlaek, Peuon, Phelps, Poi-
tei, Pnor. 1'ugii, Cluailes, llca ;in. Sherman, Spinner,
Sfallworth, Stanton, Stevens, James A. Stewart, Stoke^,
Thorn.i-, Tuuipkm-, Tumid.;, Cudeiwood, Yallandi^haiu,
Webster, Whueley, and Wught—&0.
So the bill was passed.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. CXUARLES stated that Mr. Keitt was
sick, and had paired with some gentleman upon
the other side of the House.
Mr. ELIOT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Tr\in, had paired with Mr. Robinson,of Illinois.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia, said that if lie had
been within the bar when his name was called,
he would have voted *' no."'
The vole was then announced as above recorded.
Air. ELIOT moved to reeonsider^the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the \YhoIc on the state of the Union.
CATTLE DISEASE.
Mr. GROW. Before the question is put upon
that motion, T desire to state that the Committee
on Agriculture have obtained some information
which they desire to have printed, so that itmay
go forth to the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. J presume there will be no
objection to the order to print.
Mr. YVHJTELEY. I object.
Mr. GROW. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot yield for the mo-
tion.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Pattox, one of their clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate further insist upon their
disagieement to the amendments of the House of
R< prcsentatives insisted upon by the Houses,
agree to the further conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and have ap-
pointed Mr. Johnson1 of Tennessee, Mr* Doolit-
tle, and Mr. Brown, as such committee on their
part.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received from the President of
the United States, by James Buchanan:, his Pri-
vate Secretary, notifying the House that he did
to-day approve and sign a bill for the liquidation
of the unadjusted contracts of the Tennessee river
improvement.
NAVY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now ask for a vote upon
my motion to go into committee on the Navy
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; so the rules were
suspended. The House accordingly resolved
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, (Mr. Ketxogo, of,Illinois, in the
chair,) and resumed the consideration of House
bill No. 500, ''making appropriations for the
naval service for the year ending the 30th June,
1861."
Mr. FLORENCE. I desire to move to recom-
mit this bill to the Committee of Ways and
Means. There seems to be so much difference
of opinion among the committee themselves in
relation to it, that I conclude wc had better re-
commit it, and allow the Committee of Ways and
Moans to perfect it.
The CHAIRMAN. Thegentlemanfrom Penn-
sylvania is, of course, aware that this committeo
has no power to refer a bill to another committee.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move, then, that the bill
be laid aside, to be reported to the House with
the recommendation that it be recommitted to the
Committee of Ways and Means for correction.
I have no hope myself that the motion will pre-
vail; but I deem it my duty to make it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is that motion in order?
The CHAIRMAN The Chair thinks the
gentleman is entitled to have a vote upon it, if he
desires.
The motion was disagreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
The committee informally rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, a message from the
Senate "was received by Mr. Patton, one of their
clerks, requesting the return of the following
bills:
An act (S. No. 271) for the relief of John T.
Brown, which passed the Senate May 4, 1860;
and
An act (S. No. 84) to facilitate communication
between the Atlantic and Pacific States by elec-
tric telegraph, with the amendment of the i-Iouse
thereto
Mr. COLFAX. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to have those bills returned to the
Senate.
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. COLFAX. 1 say to the gentleman that
it is to correct an error made by the Senate.
Mr. BURNETT. Nothing in relation to that
telugrayn bill will go, by unanimous consent,
when Jr am present.
Th/cfwnmittee then resumed its session; and
restijHtftJxhc consideration of the
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. MILLSON moved to amend by striking
out from line one hundred to line one hundred
and eleven, as follows:
kC For the preservation of works, and for the current re-
pairs at the several navy-yards, viz:
e: At Portsmouth, New Hampshire, $10,000.
At Boston, $L">,000
" At New York, .$-20,000.
k< At Philadelphia, $1.),OUO.
" At Washington," ,<510,000.
" At Norfolk. $-20,000; and for repairs of ship-houses A
and D, at Norfolk, .$23,000,
" At Pensacol.i, $10,000.
u At Mate Island, $20,000.
" At Sackett's flarboi, .$1,000."
And inserting in lieu thereof, as follows:
For the completion of work?, and for the current repairs
at the seveial navy-yard*, viz:
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.—For lemovlng coffer-dam,
sower, machine ishop, capstans for malting shears, impairs
of floating-dock, and lep.urs of all kind>, $.30,719 50.
Boston.—For machinery for machine shop and toundery,
pattern shop, giadmg, paving, and dialling laihoad tracks^
anil ear*?, steam fire engine, water-closets, and repairs of
ali kinds, $163,305.
New York.—For bilge blocks for drv-dock, construction
of quay wall, diodgmg channel, ami rcpaiiing pcuws,
