THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TIIE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, JUNE 14, 18G0.
New Series No. 1S3.
painting and repairing dry-dock, boilers for new boiler-
house, and pipes, machinery for machine &hop,founderies,
snutlicry,eaw mill, boiler and pattern shops, and tor repairs
of all kind?, $168,45(1 CO.
Philadelphia.—For extending joiner's shop, dredging
channel-*, repairs of floating dock, and repairs of all kinds,
$102,49-2.
Washington.—For carriage houses arid cart sheds, shed
for fla-^k-?, gas generator and fixtures, conversion of old ma-
chine shop to foundPry,machmcryand tools, and repairs of
all kind--, *80.307 90.
Norfolk.—For continuing quay wall, completing forge
shop and boiler house, reservoir for stables, dredging and
filling m, macluueiy tools and cianes, completing new ship
hou^e, victualing house, continuation of railway, complet-
ing timbet shed j\To. 17, completing foundery, completing
saw-null machinery, spar-shed, saw-shedand railway, and
for repairs 01 all kinds, $196,*2*24 10.
Pensacola.—For extension ot granite wharf, repairing and
operating floating docks, railways, and repairs of all kinds,
$109/382 50.
Mare Island, California.—For completing machine and
boiler shop.?, continuing quay wall, giadmg, towaids ma-
ychineiy for new shopv, completion ol hous.es Nos. 7, 9,11,
I and 13, mold loft No. 36, and repairs of ail kinds,$230,310.
f Mr. M1LLSON. The amounts proposed in the
amendment I have offered are exactly the same
as the amounts reported last year, by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, for the service of the
present fiscal year. The House then reduced
those estimates, or rather struck them out alto-
gether, and substituted nominal amounts only;
thus suspending entirely the works at those navy-
yards. 1 have taken up the subject where the
House left it last year. I have not added a dollar
to the appropriation which ought to have been
made then. I ask less now than the Government
asked then, and the same sum that the committee
then agreed to give, being about one half the
amount asked for by the Government at that
time.
The committee will perceive that the object is
merely to complete the unfinished buildings. There
is not a dollar in the amendment I have offered
for any new work. It is only for the purpose of
completing works already commenced. Now, if
the Congress of the United States are willing to
let the public interests be sacrificed, and the pub-
lic buildings go to ruin, upon them must be the
responsibility.
We have official information that at one of the
navy-yards—Noifolk—is a large brick timber
shed, costing many thousands of dollars, for the
preservation of the valuable timber of theGovern-
men t, which should not be exposed to the weather.
They report the walls half up, and needing-, to
preserve it, an expenditure of $26,000. There is
a now ship-house, a very costly structure, nearly
the whole frame of which is up, but left entirely
exposed to tlieweatlier. There is a newprovision-
house, costing more than a hundred thousand dol-
lars already. The walls are up, but without a
roof, and entirely exposed to the weather.
Such is the condition of the buildings at that
yard, and these appropriations ought to have been
made last year; and although it is said that
§1,000,000 was saved, nothing is asked hut what
was then necessary. The question is, whether this
congressional policy will be ratified or repealed
by the present Congress. It cannot be called a
policy. It is simply the policy of idiocy. I am
sure that Congress never intended to establish
such a policy; and in voting to strike down these
appropriations, they must have been under the
impression that they could well be dispensed with.
I beg leave here to say that the gentleman who
spoke yesterday, [Mr. Kunkel,] and who said
that there were but two navy-yards in England,
labored under a very great mistake. There are
eight navy-yards in the British isles alone, and
also dock-yards and building-yards, besides navy
stations and depots, in China, the West Indies,
the East Indies, at the Cape of Good Hope, Gib-
raltar, and at other places. Yet the statement
was made that England had but two navy-yards.
And let me state, that although these are old-
established yards, much older than our own, and
which ought to be nearer to completion, yet the
appropriation for new works and improvements
in the navy-yards in England alone, last year,
amounted to the sum of $2,867,000; and if there
were but two, as has been said, it would show
182
that there was even a greater necessity than gen-
tlemen hav<; been willing to admit for an appro-
priation for the completion of new works at our
navy-yards.
But there is nothing in the amendment that is
not intended to protect the public interest and to
complete the buildings now left unfinished; and
I hope that Congress will no longer act as if they
supposed the Government was on the eve of bank-
ruptcy, and could not afford even to make the
small appropriations of funds necessary to pre-
set ve the public works already commenced.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. There seems
to be no end to the difficulty of managing our
Navy. It grows out, apparently, of the situation
and extent of our country. We arc so distant
from any great maritime Power, and so unlikely
to have war with any country into which the
naval element would enter largely, that I appre-
hend that our Navy will always be found too
large in time of peace, and perhaps always too
small if we should really have a war.
Now, sir, I am not disposed to make an indis-
criminate attack upon these naval expenditures,
or upon the expenditures for navy-yards; but I
do believe that we have started out on altogether
too large a scale; and I do not believe that we
could do the Government a greater service than
to adhere to these nominal amounts for preserv-
ing the works until we settle definitely the policy
as to the number of yards which should be sus-
tained. We ought to have some of these yards
completed and put in a good state for active oper-
ation. But the idea of our needing eight navy-
yaids for our limited Navy is preposterous. We
do, perhaps, need three—two upon the Atlantic
coast, and one upon the Pacific. Beyond that, I
believe all our energies should be concentrated
upon not more than three yards. Now we have
eight or nine; and I verily believe that if five or
six of them had been located upon the top of the
Rocky Mountains, it would have been a great
blessing to this country thus far. They are practi-
cally of no use, except to make those which we
ought to have useless. It divides our energies; it
creates a scramble for the spoils, or for these ap-
propriations, which are supposed to have a local
influence and bearing upon the districts of mem-
bers of Congress. We get appropriationsforone,
because thereby combinationsare made to get votes
for others. I do notthink we ought to go on with
a view of making progress upon this extended
system.
Mr. MILLSON. The amendment does not
contemplate any progress at all. It simply pro-
vides for the preservation of what is now incom-
plete.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I believe that
if five or six navy-yards were sunk to-day, the
country would bo better for it. It is not for me
to say which ones. I will not take upon myself
any such thing; for I have no hostility against
any particular navy-yard. All I ask is to have
our system brought to such a standard as will
comport with the size of our Navy, and then
prosecute those works efficiently and with vigor.
I think there are too many of them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to offer the following
amendment:
After line one liundsed and s i >:, which reads "at Wash-
ington, $10,000," add the following :
And for repairing and painting the quarters occupied by
the officers ol the yard, §7,826.
This amount is'necessary, and is recom-
mended. As to the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Millson,] I have
onlythis to say: it embraces about three quarters
of a million. It is carrying out the policy which
was defeated one year ago, and I do not wish now
to repeat the arguments which induced the House
to change the policy of the Government in regard
to navy-yards. The Navy Department have con-
formed to the action of last Congress, and have
reduced the estimates in accordance therewith. I
believe it was the inauguration of a policy which
we ought to carry out. Certainly, after'maugu-
rating that policy one year ago, and the Depart-
ment having conformed to it, to change it aoir"
without rhyme or reason would be supremely
ridiculous, and I hope it will not be done.
Mr. MILLSON. The gentleman from Ohio
says that this is departing from the policy inau-
gurated, and that the Committee of Ways and
Means lias reported all that the Department has
estimated. Certainly, Mr. Chairman, the gen-
tleman does not mean to be taken literally when
he says that the committee has given all that the
Department estimated. ' '
Mr. SHERMAN. All that is estimated for in
the regular estimates.
Mr. MILLSON. I hold in my hands esti-
mates of the bureau of Yards and Docks 
Mr. SHERMAN. I speak of "the estimates of
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. MILLSON. The bureau estimates the
necessities of the next year for the navy-yard at
Norfolk alone at §385,000; but intending only to
provide for the preservation of the unfinished build-
ings, and to guard the public interests, and ex-
cluding all new works, f have in my amendment
reduced the sum to the amount necessary to ac-
complish that object.
Now, how is it that the gentleman says the
Committee of Ways and Means recommend all
that the Department estimated > When these esti-
mates were sent to the House, the Secretary of
the Navy said that if Congress meant to adhere
to the policy adopted at the last session of Con-
gress—of making no appropriation for navy-
yards—then he would confine his estimates to the
sums appropriated last year; but that if Congress
wished to completethese works,and carry on the
operations of the navy-yards, then he was pre-
pared to send in such estimates as might be neces-
sary. That was the reply of the Department.
The gentleman has certainly not forgotten that
the Secretary of the Navy expressly stated, in re-
ply to a communication addressed to him, that if
Congress would make the appropriationshe would
supply the estimates. JJere are the estimates of
the bureau, amounting to almost four times as
much as is embraced in my amendment.
The gentleman speaks of this policy being es-
tablished by Congress. I deny that any such
policy was ever established, or ever intended to
be established, by Congress—a policy to let the *
public works go to decay and ruin. I know
very well that, under the peculiar circumstances
to which i referred yesterday, the House, under
the apprehension of some that the revenue was
about to fall short, and thai there-would bo no
money left in the public Treasury, and from a
desire to inquire into the frauds and corruptions
said to exist in some of the navy-yards, did last
year, not by way of establishing a permanent
policy, but simply for the.purpose of halting where
they were for a season, refuse to make the appro-
priations asked for by the Government; but if it
be indeed a part of the policy of the Government
to shut up its navy-yards altogether, let Congress
take the responsibility of establishing such a pol-
icy.
Mr. MORSE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by reducing the nmount$l,000. It certainly
seems to me that §500 would paint any house
there. I want to know how many quarters there
are to be painted ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that, if the gentle-
man will listen to the reading of a letter from the
constructing engineer, he will find that the amount
is low enough.
Mr. MORSE. Well, let us hear it.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Constructing 32noineer's Office.
Washington Navy Yard, May 28,1860.
Commodore: In compliance with jour order, I have
examined the quarters occupied by the oiSceis of the yard,
and submit an estimate ot the amount necessary to put
them in good repair. Some of there buildings are in a very
bad condition, especially that occupied by the commander,
winch has received no repairs of consequence for several
j ears pa t. The amount appiopriafed by the last Congress
for repairs of all kmd-> was neailv all expended in keeping
the furnaccs in oidci, leaving but a small amount to be ex-
pended upon the quaiteis and various woik-shops, store-
