1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
upon its entire western boundary, comes here and
asks that an appropriation of a few hundred thou-
sand dollars shall be made, to enable troops to be
put into the field to give protection to their women
and children; and I am told that it is dinner-time.
Now, Senators on that side have none, and I trust
Senators on this side will make no further objec-
tion. The chairman of the Military Committee
can read, or have read, or allow me to read, the
' letter from Mr. Floyd; and when "Senators hear
it, I trust that those who wish the Administration
to be in an embarrassed condition will be satisfied
with that information, and the information which
I give upon the subject, and that they will be pre-
pared to vote. If they choose to vote this appro-
priation down, let them do so; but do not adjourn
over and postpone it until to-morrow, when an-
other Senator will want to speak, and then to visit
Mount Vernon, and then the next day some other
bill is to be taken up. This is matter of such
urgent necessity that I cannot consent, and I will
not again consent, to its being postponed. I have
forborne until patience has really ceased to be a
virtue. Naw, 1 am not making an appeal: I am
stating facts; and I ask any Senator whether, if
these things were going on in his own State, he
would not feel as I feel, and would not speak as
I speak. I appeal, therefore, to Senators on both
sides to pass this pitiful appropriation, and allow
the President to put the regiment in the field, and
see if something cannot be done for a suffering
P6X. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask the
Senator a question, and thxit is, where it is pro-
posed to raise these rangers—in Texas?
Mr. WIGFALL. The bill itself provides for
raising them in Texas—the bill approved the 7th
of April, 1858. It proposes to raise them in Texas,
according to the laws of that State, and to muster
them into the service of the United States for
eighteen months, under the articles of war, and
they will be under the command of United States
officers.
Mr. FJ$SSENDEN. Then my next question
is, whether, while it seems there arc people in
Texas enough to be employed in the servicc of the
United States, they suffer these outrages-and wait
until they are organized and paid by this Govern-
ment?
Mr. WIGFALL. I thank him for the sugges-
tion. The people of Texas, of course, arc ava-
ricious; of course they are timid; in their veins
there run not those warm currents that course
through the veins of the people represented in
Maine, who so gallantly defied the British lion on
an occasion of which I have not been informed !
Those frontier-men who go to their fields, to till
the soil with their rifles between the handles of
their plows—they are waiting, forsooth, until the
Government pays them. Why, sir, the people
in these frontier counties are men of small means.
They live from five to fifteen and twenty miles
apart. No man dares to be out of sight of his
house during troubled times like these, which,
every spring and autumn, are upon those people.
Fifteen or twenty men living in a space of coun-
try of fifteen or twenty miles, meet together and
go out upon an expedition to hunt up Indians,
and four or five savages come in behind them and
murder their women and their children. That is
the history of it.
I have said to the Senator from Maine, and to
other Senators here, that the only mode of attack-
ing these Indians, or dealing with them, is by
going into their own country, carrying the war
into Africa, and meeting them there where they
follow the buffalo, and there finding them and
wreakingthatvengeancu upon theirfanulies which
they have not spared to us, and to our wives and
children, and teaching them by executing sum-
mary justice upon them to keep at home, and let
the frontier settlers alone. When these Indians
come down, making their way into Mexico, they
scatter, they plunder, and they murder, in bands
of four or five, or ten or fifteen. You cannot
raise an army to follow them in that way. The
only practicable mode of dealing with them is, to
establish posts along the Rio Grande, and some
two or three posts upon our northern frontier; in
those posts place the artillery and infantry, in order
to preserve the arms and ammunition, and muni-
tions of war; and keep the ranging companies and
cavalry in the field actively operating; and in the
summer months attacking the Indians in their
fastnesses and strongholds. Then this war will
terminate These are not the opinions of a militia-
man; they are not the opinions of a civilian; they
are not the opinion's of a Senator; they are the
opinions of the commanding general; they are the
opinions of General Twiggs, which you published
last year, and which every Senator has read._
Under these circumstances, I say that it is a
most unjust fling at the people of Texas, to say
that because the people over the whole State are
ready to join this ranging regiment and to go into
this service, therefore, the presumption is, that
they are not ready to do so until they are paid.
Sir, the people in the frontier counties are not
the men who will volunteer; it is in the more
densely settled sections of Texas that the volun-
teers will be raised. They will be raised over the
whole State, and, being raised over the whole
State, will then be congregated either on the Rio
Grande or on the northern frontier, and put under
the control of United States officers, and we shall
have peace again; and until that is done, wc shall
not have peace.
I have told my story, Mr. President. I am
sorry that it is so long. What is said is said;
would it were worthier. If the Senate is now
not disposed to take up this bill and vote on it,
all I ask is, that it shall unmistakably say so.
Mr. TOOMBS. After the brief explanation
of my friend from Texas, I will now say the few
words that I intended to say when he interposed.
I supported the action of the Senate in referring
this question to the committee for the purpose of
having information. I think that action was
right; and I entirely concur with the opinions
expressed by the Senator from Maine, even not-
withstanding the somewhat protracted explana-
tion of the Senator from Texas. His zeal is al-
together appropriate; 1 have no complaint to make
of it; but I say that passing* this appropriation
will not prevent the evils of which he complains,
or benefit his State in the slightest degree; and it
is a question for Senators to determine whether
we ought to do this thing. By the Constitution
of the United States, the Governor of Texas has
a right to call out the entire militia of that State.
By the Constitution of the United States, the
President has a right to call out the Army, the
Navy, and every man in the country to the pub-
lic defense, whether you appropriate a dollar or
not. They are charged with this branch of the
public service. The gentleman's speech this
morning has been very much based, I believe,
the latter portion of it, at least, on a paragraph in
a newspaper. Well, he will pardon me for not
paying any very great respect to this source of
mfoimation. I have had too many occasions to
doubt 
Mr. WIGFALL. I shall trouble the gentle-
man 
Mr. TOOMBS. Allow me two minutes more,
and I will give you the remainder of the day.
Mr. WIGFALL. I wish only to state that the
paragraph in the newspaper is endorsed by gen-
tlemen whose respectability is unquestioned and
unquestionable as thatoi any Senator on this floor.
I know the persons.
Mr. TOOMBS. I know all about this thing of
the frontiers, and I know how these rumors
gather, bccausc I have been brought up in a coun-
try in which we had a good deal to do with In-
dians and frontiers, and I know how these rumors
gather from the most respectable sources. I know
something of the very country where the Indians
are supposed to be making these inroads. I have
traveled over it, and am quite certain that, while
in any community there might be an inroad made-
by which people might be killed 
Mr. HEMPHILL. If the Senator from Geor-
gia will give way for a moment, I will read an ex-
tract from a letter from a very lespeetable gentle-
man in that section of the country, relating to the
inroad spoken of by my colleague:
"The Indianshave visited thefrontierof Texas from the
Brazos to Foit Mason, during the week ending February
12; have stolen about four or five hundred horses and killed
eleven persons; two of them, M. S. aka^and Benjamin
Varhook, were killed on North Gabriel. Burnet count},the
others noitheast of this. They have stolen seventy head of
horses in my neighborhood. I have lost ei«ht. The citizens
on all points pursued unsucceadlully, as far as hoard from.
Mr. TOOMBS.' Certainly, I am not disputing
those facts; they have no reference to my argu-
ment. I am willing to hear any explanations con-
nected with my argument; but I am not here to
defend the action of anybody but myself in this
matter. What X have stated is the law of the land;
you have a Governor within sixty miles of these
disturbances who has a right to call out every man
in Texas; and there are a hundred thousand as
good men in Texas as can be found on the top of
the eaith. For all purposes of fiontier defense, 1
rather think they are the best hundred thousand
that can be found—necessarily so from their hab-
its of life. It is true, an Indian may make an in-
road from the frontier; he may go into the greatest
country, the most powerful one on the face of the
earth, and commit his outrages; but then he runs
away. I do not believe the Indians staid m those
counties of Lampassas or Coryell twenty-four
hours. 1 know, from the character of the people,
that they did not. They may make inroads, com-
mit murders, and steal horses, but then they run
away. Your bill is not going to help that. I
think your policy is wrong, and I had occasion to
dispute it with a representative of Texas on this
floor again and again. His policy was to feed,
mine to fight them. Pie wanted to give them
blankets, and give them food; and you listened to
the nonsense that he preached here for the last
ten years. I went for applying the only means
by which you could ever bring into subjection
and obedience a savage race—the bullet and the
bayonet. <
But, sir, you or I cannot control the policy of
the Government on this matter. I know that the
President has, by law, authority to bring out sev-
enteen thousand men. I dc not know where they
are. I am not p*epared to say that the War Office
has not done its duty. I am not prepared to say that
it wants another man. I am not prepared to say
that its disposition of the troops is wrong, because
I know nothing about it. I am not prepared to say
that Governor Houston has not done his duty,
when he has authority there on the theater, as
my friend says, within sixty miles of these dis-
turbances, to call out companies; but I know that
in a single county, within thirty miles of these
outrages, there are at least five hundred men who
would leap to their rifles in half an hour. I know
the people there; I have been among them; I have
enjoyed their hospitality; I know the manhood
that distinguishes them. You have your Gov-
ernment depots about here and there, and the In-
dians may make incursions on your frontiers and
commit outrages; but your Senate bill is not going
to prevent it. While I am willing to give every
dollar that is necessary to defend every portion
of this country; while I would bring its whole
power to defend one life; while I would pour out
the treasure and blood of the country like water,
for defense, I say this will not accomplish the ob-
ject. The power is already in the only persons
who can use the Army and the militia. The Gov-
ernor of Texas has adequate power—her own
chosen Governor—to call out all the militia of the
State. The President has adequate power to call
out all the forces of all the States, besides the Army
and the Wavy. I say the Senate can give 110 other
authority. As for the §] ,100,000 proposed to be
voted, it is not needed. The President has not
asked for it; the War Office has not asked for it.
The moment the President needs it, and can sat-
isfy Senators, who have some control in the Gov-
ernment of this country, that it is necessary, it
will get every vote in this body;but as for voting
it on the statement of letters, without knowing
whether or not we have troops enough there, or
what sort of troops we have there, or where they
are, or knowing anything of the reasons for the
action of the Department, or knowing anything o(
the benefits which may result from the proposed
legislation, in my opinion it is unwise legislation,
not warranted by the circumstances, and there-
fore, as a Senator, I say it cannot get my \ote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, I can un-
derstand very well what the zeal of the honorable
Senator from Texas is, and I appreciate it; and
I dare say that he feels all that he appears to feel;
but he must excuse Senators from other sections
of the country, who arc not so warm in blood, if
they want to have something in the shape of a
reason for their action. What I meant by asking
him the question I put to him, I will explain in
a few words. I meant 110 imputation on the peo-
ple of Texas; but what is the statement made
here? sThe statement, in the first place, was, that
the borders of Texas were troubled with Mex-
icans, that they were committing outrages; and
