2898
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
houses, ship-houses, and other improvements; all of which
have suffered for want of timely repairs:
For repairing and painting commandant's house.... $1,290
For repairing and painting commander's house  3,390
For repairing and painting first lieutenant's house... 708
For repairing and painting second lieutenant's house 822
For repairing and painting surgeon's house  708
For repairing and painting boatswain's house  480
For repairing and painting gunner's house  52S
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
W. P. S. SANGER,
Constructing Engineer.
Commodore Franklin Buchanan,
Commandant United StatesXfaiy Yard, Washington,D.C.
Mr. 'MORSE, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question was taken on Mr. Sherman's
amendment, and it was adopted.
Mr. MORSE. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in after line one hundred and seven:
Insert, after the woid "dollars: "
And to diseiiaige liabilities under contracts on account
of store-house for provisions ; to discharge liabilities under
eontiaets for ship-house No. 48; to liquidate payments due
for reservations under contracts, and for the pavmeut of
approved bills, for which there are no funds, §26,7^7.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I make the point of order
that that is a private claim, and nothing more.
There is no existing; law authorizing the payment
of this money, and I therefore make the point of
order upon it.
Mr. MORSE. Is it in order for mo to say a
word upon a point of of dor?
Mr FLORENCE. It is as clearly in ordoras
any item m the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will hear the
statement of the gentleman from Maine.
Mr. MORSE. This is for the payment of
debts due for labor done upon a house in the Nor-
folk navy-yard. I suppose the gentleman would
not raise a point of order if this house had not
been completed, and this was an appropriation
to complete it. But the contractors have gone on
and completed the building; and this is a debt
absolutely due to the workmen.
Mr. SICKLES. I submit that this is a public
obligation, and not in the nature of a private
claim.
Mr. MORSE. I do not see why it is not as
much in order as a proposition would be to com-
plete the house.
The CHAIRMAN. This is a bill to make
appropriations for the jpival service for the year
ending 30th June, 1861. It is a bill for the ex-
penses of the Navy Department in t|ie future,
providing for its current expenses in the coming
year; and from the very nature of the bill—the
amendment being clearly for a deficiency—it is,
in the opinion of the Chair, out of order.
Mr. CRAWFORD. 1 jnove that the commit-
tee do now rise, for the purpose of moving m the
House to close debate upon this clause of the bill.
Mr. MORSE. I have another amendment
which I desire to offer.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask that my motion be
put. 1 will state to the gentleman from Maine
that he can offer his amendment when we come
back into committee.
Mr. MORSE. I hope I shall not be cut off in
this amendment.
Mr, CRAWFORD. You can offer it when we
return into committee.
Mr. MORSE. I want to say a word upon it.
Mr. CRAWFORD Well, 1 waive my motion
for the present.
Mr. MORSE. The gentleman is mistaken.
The bill does not provide for this building at all.
Tt is not ship-house A or B, but No. 48 on the plan.
It was commenced some time ago, and the cutting-
down process of last year stopped the work and
left the building partly finished, and exposed to
serious injury from the weather. It is injuring
daily, and if it is ever to bo completed, it will be
true economy to commence work on it immedi-
ately, and not permit time and the elements to
work any fuither injury. I hope, Mr. Chairman,
when we have erected a building for the general
use of the Navy proper, and got it so nearly com-
pleted, we shall not abandon it to rot and dilapi-
dation for the purpose of keeping down the ex-
penditures of this year> while we are, at the same
time, so extremely liberal m fitting up, at the pub-
lic expense, nouses inside of the yards for the oc-
cupation of Navy officers.
The House has just adopted an amendment
appropriating $7,500 to repair the houses of six
or seven officers down here m the Washington
navy-yard. You have recently raised the pay of
the whole drove of Navy officers far above the
average pay of any class of civilians, and above
what the depressed industry of the country is able
to bear. You provide sumptuous quarters in all
the yards, with gardens and grounds attached, in
several of them. You let them live there almost
in idleness, on their high pay and gratuitous quar-
ters, and abandon ship-houses, store-houses, and
other yard improvements in a half completed state,
to the ravages of time and the elements. I shall
vote for no extravagant expenditures on navy-
yards, and for the-present, at least, for no new
works. But there are some few things which
ought to be done, to preserve and make available
and useful expenditures already made; for a navy-
yard is, or ought to be, a great work-shop to
build, repair, and equip ships, not a place to quar-
ter, at the expense of the industry of the country,
so many supernumerary and useless officers under
the pretense that they are needed there to apply
military law to the government of the yards, and
superintend and direct the mechanics and work-
men in their labors. We have had a repoitfrom
a board of these gentlemen appointed by the Sec-
retary of the Navy to examine the condition of
the yards, and then* labor seems to have had but
one leading object, and that was to bring all the
yards under the most rigid military discipline,
and enable the military to play the petty tyrant
and overseer over the civilians and industrial
classes in the yards, and to increase the number
of places in the yards for the naval officers as a
privileged order, possessing mechanical knowl-
edge, by intuition, to enable them to control and
direct all branches of mechanics. It seems to be
perfectly in order, and very proper, to receive
amendments appropriating thousands to put in
good condition the quarters of these military gov-
ernors of yards and directors of mechanical in-
dustry; but when you are asked to pay what you
owe to the mechanic and laborer for work done
on store-houses and work-shops after the amount
appropriated for those buildings had been ex-
hausted, it is ruled out of order, and the appropria-
tion of a small sum to preserve a building partly
completed from ruin is persistently itsisted.
1 find in this bill §1,000 for Sackett's Harbor.
I should like to inquire what that is for. Is this
to preserve officers' quarters too? There is no
navy-yard there. A ship was commenced there
during the last war with England, for service on
the lakes. She is still on the stocks, half fin-
ished; and there, in all probability, she will stand
as long as there is anything left of her. There is
not a work-shop of any kind there, nor Govern-
ment labor of any kind done, except to watch
the crumbling frame of that old ship; and to per-
form this solemn duty of watch and ward over
her venerable remains, we keep there a captain of
the Navy, and sometimes a lieutenant to help
him, with other attendants. The whole concern
had better be abandoned at once. But no. The
officers' quarters there must be kept in good con-
dition, and the debts due workmen withheld.
This is the ncwpohcy. I could go on for an hour
giving facts to illustiate the abuses which have
gradually creptinto this Dcpartment;but my time
is limited. We have half a dozen or more naval
gentlemen attached to cach of the yards. In my
judgment, they are worse than useless there; at
least, more than one or two. They are out of
their place there; and i'f I could have my way m
the matter, I would turn them all out, and fill their
places with civilians. Drive politics out of the
yards, reorganize them, and put energetic busi-
ness men at their head as superintendents, and I
have no doubt but that all that is now accom-
plished in these yards can be done for less than
naif what it now costs, as they are now con-
ducted, and undei your military superintendence.
This appears to me to be a proper occasion to
rebuke that notorious naval board, which has
done its best to introduce a still more perfect mil-
itary discipline than now prevails in our yards,
and make every work-shop a military camp, I
presume, to be followed by martial law; and thus
reducing the mechanics and workmen there to a
state but little better than serfdom, and by men
the mostofwhom knowabsolutely nothing about
the branches of labor they pretend to superintend
and direct.
1 am aware, sir, that I am speaking plainly, and
it is time that some one told the truth about these
things; and I only regret that I have not before
been permitted an opportunity to open up the
whole subject in all its deformity. I have no sort
of doubt but that we have more navy-yards than
the public good requires, and it was bad policy
to establish so many; but, sir,let us understand to
what use they are to be put, whether they are to
be put to the legitimate purposes of a navy-yard,
as originally designed, or whether they are to be
made the sumptuous residences of supernumerary
officers,laid up in ordinary on high salaries, under
the pretense of being on active duty. If this is a
feature of the new policy, it will piove an expens-
ive way of taking care of our surplus officers,
aside from its other bad features. We have sev-
enty-nine captains on the active and nineteen on
the reserved list, making ninety-eight in all; of
these only nineteen are now at sea. We have one
hundred and fourteen commanders on the active
and sixteen on the reserved list, one hundred and
thirty in all,butonly twenty-two of the whole num-
ber are at sea. We have three hundred and
twenty-five lieutenants on the active and thirty-
five on the reserved list, three hundred and sixty in
all, and only one hundred and eighty odd at sea.
You arc crowding the navy-yards, navy asylum,
receiving ships, rendezvous, (fee., with them, and W
yet a large number are without employment, on
leave pay, which affords them a handsome living
for life. Now, if this is to be the policy of the
country; if the policy you are inaugurating here
to-day be to bring the yards to a dead stand, and
abandon all their economic and industrial inter-
ests, and turn your attention only to the comfort
of the officers, why, let us understand it plainly.
If this be your policy, then vote down this amend-
ment, and say plainly to the country that you
abandon these half-reared buildings to their fate;
that you intend to stop all further yard improve-
ments, however necessary; that you decline to
pay your honest debts due the men who have la-
bored for you; and that hereafter Congress will
have no time to look after any thing connected with
the Navy but its officers, to see that their pay be
ample and generous for gentlemen of leisure, and
that their quarters be kept in goud condition.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Will the gentle-
man allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MORSE. Certainly.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. I should like to
know if the House is to understand, from the re-
marks of my fiiend from Maine, that he was op-
posed to the increase of the pay of the officers of
the Navy ?
Mr. MORSE. Mr. Chairman, I was not op-
posed to raising the pay of some of them. The
majority of the committee reported a bill to this
House to raise the pay, with a distinct under-
standing, as I thought, that it was to undergo
discussion and amendment in the Committee of the
Whole; and I will say here, that I would not have
voted for the hill which the committee made me
their organ to report, unless it had undergone
many and serious amendments. I had no expect-
ation orintimationthatitwastoberushed through
under the whip and spur of the previous question,
without opportunity for debate or amendment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. 1 oppose the
amendment of my friend from Maine, t will only
say a word or two, and I say it here, because this
is a good time to correct some misapprehensions
gentlemen have indulged in in regard to the naval
pay bill lately passed.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
debate had better be confined to the amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland, i would suggest
to the gentleman from Illinois, that the gentleman
from Maine traveled entirely out of the latitude of
his amendment in the icmarkshe made.
Mr. WASIIBXJRNE, of Illinois. Well, I with-
draw the point of order; but I shall have some-
thing to say upon this subject myself when the
gentleman gets through.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will remark to
the gentlemanfrom Maryland that he is very well
aware of the rules which govern the committee in
reference to debate, and he hopes the gentleman
will confine himself to them.
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Certainly I do;
and I will endeavor to adhere to them with the
same strictness with which members usually con-
