1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1011
that was all tlip ground upoq,which the applica-
tion was at fii-Ft based. We heard nothing about
Indians, or any difficulties from Indians; and it
was then proposed to act merely upon those state-
ment made by Senators, and upon newspaper
rumors, without having any advice at. all from the
executive authorities. It was tnen disposed of in
the manner in which we know it was disposed of
the other day.
Now come the Senators from Texas again, and
tell us they have heaid, from the newspapers, and
from respectable people, that the Indians are mak-
jner depredations 011 their borders,and that certain
of their fellow-citizens have been killed; that out-
rages are being committed; and they call upon us I
to°do—what? To proceed to make an appropria- '
tion to raise n regimentof mounted volunteers, in
order to check those outrages. Let us look at the
proposition for a moment. "The Indians are there
on the border; they are committing depredations
every day; they are scalping people, burning
houses, burning barns, committing murders, do-
in"- everything calculated to stir up the blood of
men; and what, according to the honorable Sen-
ator's own showing, do the people of Texas do?
They rest quiet; do notlungat all for their own pro-
tection, but come coolly to Congress, or warmly
to Congress, if you please, and call on Congress
to make an appropriation to laise a regiment of
mounted men in Texas. Itseems there are enough
men there for the purpose; but they propose to
wait until all this form is gone through with, until
a bill has been passed through both Houses of
Congress, and signed by the President, and a regi-
ment is raised in due form, and mounted, with all
the rapidity that such things are usually done, in
order to protect Texas against Indians, with, as
the Senator from Georgia says, one hundred thou-
sand men there.
What does that prove to me ? Not that the men
of Texas are not as good men as there on the face
of the earth; not that they are not as ready to
defend themselves on all occasions, and their
property from any incursions—I believe them to
be men, as the Senator from Georgia says, who
would not rest under that thing one hour. I be-
lieve, therefore, inasmuch as they do not defend j
themselves against those repeated outrages, but as t
they come to Congress asking for a regiment, that J
the facts as alleged do not exist; for,they coufd j
not exist on the border of any State of this Union, i
North or South, anywhere where the people !
would not spring to arms and defend themselves,
and call upon Congress afterwards, if need be, to
pay them for what Congress ought to have fur-
nished them protection against. That l* the con-
clusion that I come to. Instead of supposing, as
the Senator imagines I do suppose, that the Texans
will not defend themselves, I take it for granted
that the cause does not exist, or you would not
find their Senators lure asking for what the Tex-
ans arc not ready to furnish themselves with. 1^
do more justice to the spirit and the readiness of
all the people of the United States everywhere to
defend themselves.
Now, sir, what have we got to found this
an ion upon? We have a communication, I am
told, from the Governor of Texas on the table in
regard to the Mexicans—nothing about the In-
dians at all.
Air. MASON. I will suggest to the Senator
that the communication from the Governor of
Texas to the kiecretary of War is a brief one, and
let it be read. It says that the troubles with the
Indians are unexampled in the State of Texas;
' and then refers to the Mexican boundary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 can only say that we
heard nothing about that the other day. It was
tin'ii in reference to the Mexicans altogether; not
the Indians.
Mr. WIGFALL. It happened to be my for-
tune. or misfortune, to hear Senators, it others
did not, go into our border difficulties in discuss-
ing atiotin r matter which I am not permitted to
reter to; and in discussing the policy of this Go\-
eminent, a tew davs afterwards, I made a speech
on this question; and I did not care about reiter-
al intra ijood deal that I had previously said. Hence
it was that 1 spoke very briefly to the question.
In addition, this question was not tip for discus-
sion then; and I alluded to the Ilio Grande ditfi-
cukies. and those alone. Tin- fact that there has
been war with those Indian^ is published here
by your own body.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas,
dent-
Mr. Presi-
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator I
from Maine is entitled to the floor. j
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am very happy to yield |
the floor. i
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I rise to a point !
of order, which I wish to make: that discussion |
is not in order on the merits of the bill, when the |
real question is, whether we will take it up to |
consider it. !
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the very ques- :
tion I was discussing. j
Mr. JOHNSON, of Aikansis. There has j
been a great deal of irrelevant discussion, then, ;
before the Senator from Maine took hold of the 1
subject ; and I really hope we shall get a vote on j
the question whether we shall take it up. !
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will give way for the
purpose of having these conununieatioii^read, if ;
Senators desire it; but I do not want to yield the 1
floor altogether, I may have something to s^y
about them after they are lead.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair is
of opinion that discussion on the merits of the bill,
on a motion to take it up, is out of order, in vio-
lation of parliamentary order; but it has been in-
dulged in in this body, and therefore he makes
no decision. The question is on taking up the
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire that the commu-
nications on the table may be read.
Mr. MASON. The communication from the
Governor of Texas.
Mr. WIGFALL. Read the President's mes-
sage.
The Secretary read the message of1 the Presi-
dent, as follows:
To the Senate of the United States:
In compliance with the resolution of the Senate of the
23d of February, I860, I transmit to that body a communi-
cation of the Secretary of War, furnishing all the inform-
ation requested in said resolution.
JAMES BUCHANAN.
Washington, March 5,1860.
The Secretary also road the following commu-
nication from the Governor of Texas, which was
transmitted with the message:
Austin", 15th February. 1860.
Sir • I have the honor to torward, bv my tnend General
Forbes Briton, distant adjutant general ot the titan*, and a
prominent member of the Stale Senate. dispatches which
! 1 deem of importance, and de^re that his excellency the
President *hall consider the content* thereof.
J deplore the situation of Texas. An empty treasury, the
Indian troubles, unexampled foi the la*t ten years, and the
forays fiom Mexico on onr southern borders, are well cal-
culated to impress the mind of the executive of the State
of Texas with the intricacies of the attitude which he has,
in justice to his iellow-citizens and humanity, to assume,
should not the Federal arm be speedily raised and extended
in behalf of out sutfetmg frontier.
The Executive of Texas is greatly desirous to avoid any
course which might raise even a question as to the propri-
et> of his action.' Notwithstanding all his moderation and
ae>nc to e-ehow an attitude unpleasant to him, he may. in
a short time, be lequued to lesoit to the indefeasible right
of self detente to protect his fellow-citizens. He will, in
addition to manifest toibearanee, endeavor yet further to
deJer to the action of the Federal Government. But mat-
ters new and staitlmg arise, and he may feel that his duty
is to meet the emeigeucv, in carrying his action so lar as
to not only rope! the astire^ion from Mexico, but to adopt
such measure* a-< will prevent the recurienee of similar in-
roads upon our frontiers. Texas can. and jvili, if appealed
to, in thirty day, be able to nutter in the field ten thousand
men. who'aie anxious, embutraced a-- her finances are, to
make reclamation upon Mexico tor all her wiongs.
Can we hope foi aid from the Federal Government?
I have the honor to be jour obedient -servant.
SAM HOUSTON.
Hon. John* B. Floyd, Sccrctanjof IFar.
j] Mr. DAVIS. If there he any doubt as to the
f1 propriety of taking up the biii, theietter of the
Secretary of War, I think, covers the subject
11 more fullv.
;i The Secretary read the following commumca-
War Departmfxt. March 5. 1^0.
! j Sir- In answer to a resolution of the Senate, o; the 23d
i > ultimo, requ'-stin-i to bo furtn-hed with " am eoinmuiuca-
! tion" which "mav have been lecoived from the Governor
of the State of T<\a*, and the document* aeeumpanjing
11 jr. cont'dninsi alleged ho-idm«>- now eu-tiuff on the Rio
Grand", between the citizen- ot the military authorities of
; | Mex.eo. and that State lespectively." 1 have the honoi to
. state, that, m piepaimff the papei-caSU d i"i b\ tm« ie- o-
1: lunon, I have thought u might L>e a in utei o! utreie-t, per-
1 h.m- ot impoitanee, t-> have a succinct statement ot !ik>
;! iaii"in and pi-vress of tin* trouble- in that holder. .YVith
this view I have made a Mnop-i* of the tran*aetu n* a-
thev apneat Uom papers on tih* fi thi1- otr.ee. but Vi iueii aie
not sent to the Senate because they have not been called
lor. It will appeal fiom these document that nothing
could exeecd the contrariety of statement and opinion, even
amongst those having the ben opportunity of knowing.
One thing, only, is certain,and that lb, that from a small
beginning the^e difficulties have rapidly increased, until
they seriously threaten the. peace of the two countries.
On the 5th day of February, 1859, Brevet Major General
D. E. Twiggy, then commanding the military department
of Texas, with the approval of the gcneral-in-ehief, but
without the sanction ot the War Department, issued orders
directing the abandonment ot Fort Brown, Ringgold Bar-
racks, and Fort Mcintosh, posts on the Ilio Grande, each
garrisoned by a single company of troops.
The reasons assigned by General Twiggs for breaking up
these posts, are given in a communication received from
him under date of March 28, 1859, of which the following
is a copy:
Headquarters, Department of Texas,
San Astoxio, March%8,1859.
Sir: J have heard incidentally (not officially) that the
"Department at Washington disapproved of my breaking
up the posts in Texas." It was not until after consultation
with the lieutenant general commanding the Army, and
his veibal approval, that I determined to do so; of which
I i, on the 13th ot January, informed the Secretary of War,
through jour office. The order was not issued until the
30tli of January, and the movements were not hurried,
m order to give time, if it was not approved of by the Secre-
tly, for it to be countermanded. Having an extensive
liuutier to guard from an enemy who was making daily
inroad1- upon the inhabitants, and having so few troops, I,
alter mature consideiation, determined to abandon the
i posts on the Rio Grande, and place the troops on the fron-
tier. There id not, nor ever has been, any danger of Mex-
icans crossing on our side of the river to plunder or disturb
the inhabitants; and the outcry on that river for troops is
solely to have an expenditure of the public money. At
every post that has been abandoned in Texas, an outcry
has been raided, and pfenty of Indian signs seen. The
citizens in the vicinity of those posts are very unwilling to
lo^e the opportunity of handling a portion of the money
necessarily expended by the Government and troops.
In conclusion, I have" respectfully to say, that I have al-
ways, so Jar as I knew theni, carried out the views of the
Secretary and commanding general, and shall still do so to
the best of my abihtv; and it is a source of mortification
and regret to me to find I have failed in this instance.
Very respectful!}, your obedient servant,
D.E.TWIGGS,
Brevet Major &eneral United. States Jiriaxj^ Commanding
Department.
To Colonel S. Cooper, Jifjutant General United States
Jlrrny, Washington, District of Columbia.
It was noi thought proper to countermand this order, be-
cause of the liish military authoiitv upon which it was
made, and because it was believed that the movement
would have already been made before orders to the con-
> trary could teach the troops. There was no well-founded
! reason to apprehend anv danger from the withdrawal of the
i gammons, until on the 20th"of Octobei, 1809, information
! reached the Department that Cortina-*, with a band of des-
i peradoes. had, on the 07th of Septembei, entered Browns-
ville and murdered several citizens of the place, besides
1 committing repeated acts of plunder. This, information
I came through General Twiggs, the officer m command of
i that department, and to whom application was made for
j troops to protect the place. Tne general promptly determ-
' med upon the deposition of certain troops, which he thus
I explains: "I shall order one company of infantry to the
! junction of the L Jona and Frio rivers, and one to some
i point below Fort Duncan. A detachment of artillery lias
j been ordered to scout between Fort* Clark and Duncan,
• and a company of cavalry from Camp Hudson to the same
I point."'
! In addition to these movement?, orders were given from
I this Depirtment to General Twigg-to reoccupy Fort Brown
immediately with two companies from Fort Clark. On the
| 29th of October this information was communicated to
' Hon. John Hemphill, a Senator from Texas, in response
; to a request of the citizens of Brownsville, asking tor pro-
i tection.
j Disturbances, however, seemed to increase at Browns-
! villo; and in consequence of communications from the
! above named Senator, and fiom the citizens of the town,
: relative to ?he disastrous state of aifairs on the Itio Giande.
i received on the 2d ot November, lb5<3. orders were givftn
i from ihi< Depaitment to move one company of artillery
i fiom Baton Rouge to Fort Brown, which order was promptly
j executed.
i On the 19th of November, the following dispatch was re-
i eeived trom General Twi gs : u November 32, 1S59. Gen-
i eial Twigs* reports that an express ha.5* justainved at his
I headquarter, with information that Brownsville had been
' burnt, and one hundred Americans killed hyCoitinas. Hs
' oider-'d out seven companies of foot, and two of hor&e,
' under Major Ileintzehnan, to take the field."
i This alarmin" state of affairs thus set forth by the com-
! mandin* <*eneral. seemed to demand that prompt and activo
measures- should betaken bvthe Department, and ord<ys
i! were at once tss-ued, by telegraph, to Colonel Punmer, to
i send from Fort Le.ivenwoith two companies of light artil-
II iery and three companies of foot; and similar orders were
^ sent to the commander at Fort Monroe, to send six com-
panics oi foot with ail speed to the Rio Grande. But the
; following dispatch fiom the commanding general came
: 1 m-t m time to prevent the above movement of the troops:
i! *k Novembei *21. litfy. General Twiggs reports that the re-
<onecrnmg Cortinas prove to be mostly false; the
1 poi
ouSer >endmj the troops to Brownsville lias, been counter-
manded.v , .
Yen great and perplexing difficulties pu-seatcd them-
«elv«?sin th-  progress of thf"*e event«, to determine upon
the proper line of action to pur.Mie. Cortinas was repre-
-v-nted alter;iat«*lv as a Mexican bandit, leading Mexican
mvadt is, and citizen of Texas, merely engaged in a
nuvate k'ini, barked bv. and opposed to, citizens of his
own t*tate. But about' the disorder and growing feeling
of hovtihtv between the Mexicans and Americans, there
could be no dunbi, mid 11 sere fore it was deemed proper to
