1956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLQBE,
May 7,
Why, sir, there are but few poor men who are
idle from choice. Almostall ofthem would rather
work even at moderate wages, if they could find
employment, than to go from house to house and
beg to keep their children from starvation. That
will be kno\lii to all those who have looked into
it. Some, I know, are too high to go into the back
streets; but those who have looked into it will find
that there is not a village, a town, a city, in the
United States, where' there are not multitudes of
poor willing to work, whose wives and children
have beeit in an actual state of destitution, if not
starvation, for want of labor. Now, sir, in reg-
ulating our laws, I would regulate them as well
for these people as for the capitalists. _ I say dis-
tinctly that I would go for protection, if it be ne-
cessary to protect the labor of the country. I do
not mince the matter by saying that I am for a
tariff with incidental protection; and, although un-
fortunately the one before us is nothing more, if
it were not for the clause repealing the warehouse
system, I would not support it. It is not a tariff
for protection such as America ought to have; but
it is the best we can get in these degenerate days.
All this can be remedied, so as to give employ-
ment to all, if we choose to give the proper course
to legislation. We import into this country
§400,000,000 of foieign goods; and we pay out
our gold, and break down every three years in
consequence. Thank God, we pay in part our
debts; and that is the only redeeming quality in
it. Suppose of that there is but ^100,000,000 of
articles which might be manufactured just as well
at home, out of home materials. Three fourths
of the value of every manufactured article is in
labor. Not more than one half is capital; the
rest is in the labor of the poor men. It is m the
labor of the artisan and the mechanic. Accord-
ing to the best calculation, nine tenths of the value
of iron is the labor. Now, so frame your laws
that of that $400,000,000 $100,000,000 will be
manufactured at home; and, if three fourths of
the value of the manufactured article is in the la-
bor, then $,75,000,000, now paid to foreign labor-
ers, will be paid to our laborers. What a relief
it would be to this country ! How permanent it
would make our institutions if we could pay that
$75,000,000 every year to our own laborers, in-
stead of sending it across the waters to pay the
laborers and keep up the workshops of Europe !
No man would lose by it. 'Die consumer Hfoulil
find tuule brisk, and everything so lively that his
own articles would biinsj proportionately good
prices. The farmer would profit by it, because
there would spring up every where, from the Atlan-
tic to the Pacific., towns and villages to consume
his products, thus saving him the cost of transpor-
tation. It is, as has been well said by some, the
vendor of tin; raw material who pays the freight
to market, whether it be ill Europe or this coun-
try.
It has been the policy of the English, not only
ilirectly by licr legislation from the time of her
Commonwealth,when her statesmen, by prohibi-
tion, by protection, and by her stringent naviga-
tion laws, broke down the overpowering influence
and wealth and maritime power of Holland, and
gave the ascendency to England, but it has also
been her constant policy to break down every na-
tion by her cunning legislation, or by her direct
interference.
It has been well said by the gentleman fiom
Tennessee [Mr. Maynakd] that the tariff of 1846
was produced by the gold of England. I will not
say what happened by a British agent having
rooms ill this very House, under the patronage of
the Secretary of the Treasury. I will not say that
he manipulated members; but I do say that lie
aided in bringing about that tariff.
And, sir, I find in that most reliable publica-
tion, Hunt's Merchant's Magazine, that there
was subscribed, in two or three towns in Scot-
land, ihe sum of $51,300 for the purpose of bear-
ing upon the same tariff. I quote the article:
u Fifty thousand dollars were subscribed by twenty firms
in Manchester, Glasgow, and Ijeeds,for that purpose, just
before the passage of our tariff of 184b, and more will doubt-
less be ready when wanted to bear upon our legislation at
Washmgton."
Then follow the names of the subscribers to
that fund, with the amounts respectively sub-
scribed by each.
In 1850, when the Whigs came into power, it
was said they struck terror into the manufactur-
ing heart of England, because it was feared that
they would take care of the domestic industry of
this country. The Glueen Victoria party was no
longer in power here, and they took the alarm at
once, and her Majesty's minister was instructed
to malte the following communication:
British Legation,
Washington, January 30,1850.
SiRt It having been represented to her Majesty's Gov-
ernment that there is some idea on the part of the Gov-
ernment of the United States to Increase the duties upon
British iron imported into the United States, I have been
instructed by her Majesty's Government to express to the
United States Government the hope of lier Majesty's Gov-
ernment that 110 addition will be made to the duties im-
posed by the present tariff of the United States, which
already wcigl) heavily on Biitish productions; and 1 cannot
but obseive, for my own part, that an augmentation of the
duties on British produce or manufactures, made at a mo-
ment when the British Government has, by a series of
measures, been facilitating the commeicc between the two
countries, would produce a very disagreeable effect on pub-
lic opinion in England.
I avail myself of this opportunity to renew to youtbe&s-
surancc of my moat
lion. John M. Clayton, #c., #c., $c.
So it seems that if we would protect the man-
ufacturc of American iron, it would produce a
very disagreeable feeling upon her Majesty's sub-
jects, and so her Majesty's liege subjects here, the
Democratic party, joined to defend her imperial
Majesty, raid wo could not get anything done. I
only speak of the Democratic party, and not of
the fragments, who are correct.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. When the gentle-
man alludes to the fragments of the Democratic
party who are correct, does he allude to my friend
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Florence] before me,
who is for specific duties upon iron ? [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I do; but
I do not call him a vulgar fraction. [Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Docs my colleague refer to
anything which has occurred lately to shatter the
Democratic party into fragments?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Oh, not at
all.
Mr. FLORENCE. I thought the gentleman
from New York might have referred to that, as
he has just returned from the scene of great in-
terest.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I was there 111 sup-
port of specific duties. [Laughter.]
Mr. JONES. I would ask tlio gentleman if any
man can be considered a good Democrat who does
not stick to the creed upon that point?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hardly
think he can; but we will get an absolution for
my friend.
Ill England, as you know, every branch of m-
dustryws supervised with great care, and is re-
ported upon every year to Parliament. They have
there a commissioner who is called a commis-
sioner to inquire into the operations of the mining
districts, under an act of Q,uecn Victoria. That
commissioner, one of the ablest men in the British
Government, made a report in 1854, from which
I will read an extract. He says:
" I believe that the laboring clasps generally, in the
manuf.ictttiinf! districts of Hod country, and especially m
noil and coal districts, arc very little aware ot the extent
to winch they arc otten indebted lor their being employed
at all, to ihe immense losses which their employers volunta-
rily incur in lad times in order to destroy foreign competi-
tion, and to I;-and Keep possession o f foreign markets.
Authentic instances are well known of employers having,
m sueli times, carried on then- woiks at a loss amounting,
in the ablegate, to tiiree 01 lour hundred thousand pounds
in tile eomse ot" as many years. If tlic efforts of those who
encourage the combinations to rcstiict tile amount ot iabor,
and to produce strikes, were to he successful lor any length
of time, the great accumulations of capital could no longer
be made which enable a few of the most wealthy capital-
ists to overwhelm all foreign competition in times of great
depression, and thus to clear the way for the tcholefraieto
step ill when prices revive, and to carry on a great business
botore foreign capital can again accumulate to suclian ex-
tent as to lie able to establish a competition in pi ices with
any chance of success. The large capitals of this country
aie the great instruments of warfare, if the expiession may
be allowed, against the competing capital of foreign coun-
tnes, and are the most essential instruments now remain-
ing, by which our manufacturing supremacy can be main-
tained ; the other elements—cheaplabor, abundance of raw
matenals. means of communication, and skilled labor—be-
ing rapidly in process of being equalized."
The report from which that extract is taken was
presented to both Houses of Parliament by com-
mand of her Majesty. Hercyou see the system,
publicly avowed, which they use to the extent of
millions of dollars, to break down, in times of de-
preciation, the iron interests of the United States
of America, and you see how they interfere in
every way to keep that very market in their hands.
And even now the English iron can be put down
in any street of Philadelphia dollars cheaper than
can be done by any of our iron-prodncmg dis-
I do not want to say anything toTmrt the feel-
ings of the Democratic party in this matter, be-
cause there is one of them in favor of protection.
There were three at the last vote, and whether -
there are any more of them, I do not know. One
of them, I know, willnot fail. But I was very sorry
to see the Democratic party, in all their platforms,
schismatic, Union-loving, national, and all, as well
as in their platform at Reading, adopting the d(5c-
trine of free trade. They all adopted the Cincin-
nati platform, which says, "we arc in favor of
progressive free trade throughout the world.
And that is the Democratic doctrine on which we
are to go into the next campaign. The Read-
ing convention adopted that platform, with the
queerest supplement I ever read. It was like this:
"We are in favor of the Cincinnati platform,
which is for free trade; therefore we must have a
protective duty on coal and iron." That was the
platform in order to answer Pennsylvania, and to
get a few Democratic votes for free trade.
But I did not intend to get into a political dis-
cussion, and should not have been led off liad_I
not seen the essence ofpolitics before me. This
tariff, as I said before,'*Bid not meet my approba-
tion. It is too low. In reference to many articles
of iron, it is lower than the tariff of 1846, and
could there have been a fair valuation under that
tariff, it would have been better than this. But
that could not be. There was always fraud under
it. I can state a single fact, to illustrate the point.
A merchant of Philadelphia went to Prance, and
wishing to furnish a house,he concluded to pur-
chase some' articles while abroad. He bought
$600 worth of goods, and took a receipt. The
merchant then asked him if he should make him
out a custom-house invoice. The purchaser in-
quired how that was, was it discount. " Yes; wo
generally give one bill when we take payment, and
another invoice for the custom-house." " How
much can you take off?" " Thirty per cent, is
our usual deduction." Wishing to sound them
a little, he asked them if tliev could not make it
forty per cent. off. "We'might," they an-
swered, "but we do not think it safe, as the
other is our custom; we advise you to take it at
that, as a larger deduction might excite suspi-
cion." A member of this House who has been
abroad, has said the same thing to me. That is
the way in which the ad valorem system has been
abused, as has been well observed by our intelli-
gent and patriotic President. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, it is the change from the ad valorem
to the specific duties that is the great desideratum
with me in this matter. Who ever heard of ad
valorem duties till the British tariff of 1846 was
framed? No nation that ever knew what a tariff
meant, adopted ad valorem duties as a rule. I do
not say that when articles cannot be measured or
weighed they have not put on ad valorem duties
as a matter of necessity. In eveiy nation, Spain,
Germany, Prance, England, and everywhere else,
specific duties have been the rule. Wiry, when
England raised ^60,000,000 five years ago by
duties, she raised only .£280,000 under ad valorem
items. All the rest was specific. I assert that no
nation ever ventured on the folly of ad valorem
duties uniformly in every item, except two. Two
were the insagacious nations—the united States
and the Sandwich Islands. [Laughter.] Tliey
are the only two nations that have adoptad the
ad valorem system of duties.
One word more, sir, in regard to the warehous-
ingsystcm. It is a great atrocity. Foreigners aro
allowed to send in their goods without paying
duty. When the freight is at the lowest, and when
there is no demand for the supply of goods tliey
have at home, they send them here and put them
in warehouses, where they can lie three years
without paying duty. They keep them there till
the market rises, and they have the articles in the
market, and glut the market, before our people
can get them there. Take,for instance, the article
of iron. A couple of years ago there was a line
of packets plying between Glasgow and Philadel-
phia, which brought in emigrants. I asked, one
day, a person interested in the line, what freight he
got on pig iron. <4 get nothing on it, said he;
we are bringing it in free of freight, as baliast3
