1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1957
and arc glad to get it. All we ask is for the owners
to pay for the loading; and unloading." They
thus sent in an enormous quantity of iron, filling
the warehouses in Philadelphia; and when a little
spurt of a rise came in the iron market, the Eng-
lish iron was taken out of the warehouses and
thrown upon the market, and the market was
glutted before our iron masters on the Susque-
hannaand Lehigh could get there. Suchhasbeen
ever the delctenous operation of the warehousing
system in regard to other articles. I only mention
this as one instance.
Now, I have nothing further to say. I begpar-
don of the committee for attempting to say a word
in the shadows of the evening. It was only to
put oil the record a few of the facts before me that
1 ventured, in my state of health, to say a single
word; and now I hope my colleague [Mr. Flor-
ence] will be allowed to say what he has to say
in vindication of himself.
Mr. FLORENCE. I could not sit here, Mr.
Chairman, without seeking an opportunity to cor-
rect a very erroneous statement that is frequently
made, and which has been reiterated here to-day
by the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. May-
nard.] i allude to the statement that the Demo-
cratic party in 1844 bore upon its banners gen-
erally the declaration that it was for "Polk, Dallas,
and the tariff of 1842." The exposition of party
principles is generally enunciated in party plat-
forms; and I challenge the proof, Mr. Chairman,
that any such declaration was made in any of the
platforms of the Democratic party. I grantyou,
that occasionally an enthusiast upon the subject
might raise that cry 
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Will my
friend allow roc 
Mr.FLORENCE. Certainly. I should be very
ungenerous if I did not.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I think the
gentleman is mistaken. I think that the gentle-
man was in Williamsport, where the Pennsyl-
vania Democracy met in convention; and if he
will look in a deceased gentleman's house in Lan-
caster, lie will find, in the garret, a large banner,
after which the whole party marched in proces-
sion, and which contained that inscription.
Mr. FLORENCE. I said there might be iso-
lated and solitary instances of the kind among en-
thusiasts, as Colonel Fraser certainly was. Now,
I happened to be at Lancaster at that time; and I
want to make a broad, unequivocal denial of the
statement, except as regards these isolated in-
stances. I stated that the platform of the party,
which was understood to be the basis of its prin-
ciples, and on which we rested and depended for
success, did not make any such declaration as
that of " Polk, Dallas, ana the tariff of 1842."
Mr. HALE obtained the floor.
Mr. MAYiNARD. I desire to say a word to
put myself right. That is another instance show-
ing the great extent to which the world will go in
slandering good people.
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes; and the Democratic
party especially. [Laughter.]
Mr. PIALE. During the canvass of 1844, Mr.
Buchanan declared in a speech atMilton, that the
tariff of 1842 would be safer in the hands of James
K. Polk than it would be in the hands of Henry
Clay.
Mr. FLORENCE. And I agree with him there.
I believe that tariffs were generally safer in the
hands of James K. Polk than with most people.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I would" like to say to my
colleague 
Mr. FLORENCE. Oh, Mr. Chairman, I did
not know that I was lighting up all these fires.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CAMPBELL. The gentleman will have
no fire ill the rear. [Laughter.] I want to say,
that 1 participated in the campaign of 1844, in the
Susquehanna and anthracite coal region. James
Buchanan addressed ameetingin the town ofMil-
ton, at which the banners of the Democratic par-
ty had inscribed on them the words, " Polk, Dal-
las, and the tariff of 1842."
In inv own county, there was a meeting called
the orchard meeting, in which members of all the
different parties participated, in which the Demo-
cratic banners had the same inscription, and in
which the principal effort of the Democratic ora-
tors was to satisfy the people that Polk was a
better tariff man than Henry Clay. So it was
throughout western Pennsylvania, as far as my
observation went; everywhere upon their banners
was inscribed, "Polk, Dallas, and the tariff of
1842." I never before heard it doubted that Penn-
sylvania was carried in .that election upon that
cry.
Mr> VALLANDIGHAM. I wisk to know
whether the statute of limitations does not apply
to that matter ?
Mr. CAMPBELL. I have no doubt the gen-
tleman would like to have it.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. Not at all. I only
thought it might not be well to take up the time
of the House longer with it.
Mr. FLORENCE. It may be true that, in
some instances, they did interpolate into that can-
vass banners with " Polk, Dallas, and the tariff
of 1842, "inscribed on them; but, so far as my ob-
servation went—and I participated pretty actively
in that canvass—I never saw any such exhibi-
tion. I grant you that, so far as Pennsylvania
was concerned, in respect to that tariff of 1842, it
would have been agreeable to her, for the protec-
tion of her vital interests in coal and jron, to have
had it continued; and any observations or prom-
ises made in inspect to that tariff, I have no doubt
had reference particularly to those two interests
of Pennsylvania. I remember very well another
declaration that has frequently been quoted, that
in a congratulatory address upon the success of the
canvass of 1842, Mr. Dallas, m Philadelphia, after
congratulating the country upon the triumph of
that party in the contest, declared that it was a
victory for the tariff of 1842. Now, I consider
that a piece of the same cloth. I happened to be
present upon that occasion, in the crowd as a
spectator, participating in the satisfaction which
was manifested in the result of that canvass; and
I state what I know—because I heard the whole
address—that no such declaration was made; nor
was there any reference, remote or near, to the
tariff of 1842, or to any tariff at all. I rccollect
that very distinctly; and I apprehend that this in-
terpolation occasionally into that canvass of these
" Polk, Dallas, and the tariff of 1842" banners,
was done by enthusiastic people who desired that
the Democratic party should give that protection
due to the interests of Pennsylvania.
Mr. JUNKIN. I simply desire to state the
single fact, that in 1844 I gave my first vote. I
then voted for Polk, because, as I understood, the
whole Democratic party was in favor of "Polk,
Dallas, and the tariff of 1842;" and I state the fact
that in a procession in Perry county, some thir-
teen hundred in number, there was not a horse
in the line which was not accompanied with that
banner. One of the banners was nineteen feet
long.
Mr. FLORENCE. Do I understand my col-
league to say that he was in favor of "Polk,
Dallas, and the tariff of 1842?"
Mr. JUNKIN. I so stated; but I desire to say,
further, that afterwards I called upon the editor
of the Perry County Democrat, and wanted to
know how this thing was brought about—why
these promises to the people had not been carried
out. He took out his snuff-box, shut one eye,
looked out of the other, and said: "Were you
fool enough to believe we were in earnest?"
[Laughter.]
Mr. MOORHEAD. I would like to ask my
colleague whether he believes there was ever such
a thing in reality as the "Kane letter" addressed,
by James K. Polk to Mr. Kane ?
Mr. FLORENCE. Yes, sir; I do believe it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Then I ask my colleague
if he does not believe that letter was a cheat upon
Pennsylvania?
Mr. FLORENCE. I do not.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I was for " Polk, Dallas,
and the tariff of 1842;" and I believe that letter was
a cheat upon the people of Pennsylvania. I believe
that through that letter, and the banners with that
inscription upon them, Pennsylvania was carried
in that election, and her interests were betrayed
by the men whom she helped to elect.
■ Mr. FLORENCE. That is all very well. I
do not propose to discuss that question at this
time. J gave way to my colleague to ask me a
question,"and he has interpolated a stump speech
into my remarks. I desire just here to ask my
colleague whether he, at that time, abandoned
this nefarious Democratic party, which so cheated
the State of Pennsylvania with the cry of " Polk,
Dallas, and the tariff of 1842?"
Mr. MOORHEAD I did shortly afterward.
Mr. FLORENCE. What I wanted to know
was, whether my colleague abandoned the Dem-
ocratic party as soon as he discovered the cheat
he talks about? The term " short time," which
he uses, is a comparative one, and does not an-
swer the question. However, I will not press it.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 did at once on that ques-
tion, at the election for Congressman in our dis-
trict, in the fall of 1846. The Democratic candi-
date was my particular friend, Colonel "Wilson
McCandless; the Whig candidate, Hon. Moses
Hampton; and at a discussion of the tariff be-
tween these gentlemen at the village of Manches-
ter, near Pittsburg, Colonel McCandless avowed
himself in favor of the tariff of 1846, (as it was
then a Democratic measure.) I stated publicly
that I would, for that reason, oppose his election;
and I voted for his competitor, Mr. Hampton,
who was elected. And I desire to say, still fur-
ther, that I do not think the party has grown
much better since I left it.
Mr. FLORENCE. Very well. I choose to
occupy the position that I do; and while I shall
adhere to that position—believing it to be the true
one—I, of course, would not deny to my col-
league, or any other gentleman, the assertion of
such principles as he may see proper, whether
with regard to politics, morals, or religion. -I
simply rose for the purpose of correcting what I
believed to be an error in respect to that canvass
of 1844 in Pennsylvania. I speak only of ray
own knowledge and recollection; but I assure gen-
tlemen that in all that canvass 1 never saw such
an exhibition, nor did I ever hear it declared that
that party was in favor of the maintenance of the
tariff of 1842. I do not believe the party in that
State were for it. I believe the " Kane letter" was
simply such a declaration as was carried out, and
was understood by such of the party generally as
desired a tariff to protect the industrial interests
of the country. I so understood it, and 1 consider
it a proper and truthful declaration. I am for a
tariff that will afford, incidentally, judicious pro-
tection, I am for protecting, as my colleague is,
the industrial interests of the country. I am for
contributing to labor its just reward. I am for
giving to the laboring man, the mechanic, the
workingman, fair wages for a fair day's work; .
■  but I want to relieve the country from this parti-
san clamor, in a party sense, for a tariff. I want
to g^titsutof the party clutches. I want it to be
view-ed as a great humanitarian, commercial, po-
litical, national measure, without having it asso-
ciated with party. I do not want party to be
thrust in every time the subject is brought up. So
far as I am concerned, I believe the Democratic
party is-the best party in the country, and I intend
to stand by it. My colleague asks me which
Democratic party, the national or the constitu-
tional Democratic party. Sir, I am for that Dem-
ocratic party which seeks to give labor its just re-
ward.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. I do not rise to dis-
cuss the tariff question. That subject was ex-
hausted some fifteen years ago. It belongs to the
dead past. I have listened, nevertheless, for this
whole day now to this antiquated debate. I have
heard for hours the incantations of the wizards of
"protection" on the other side of the House; but
I apprehend, after all, that the resurrection of the
dead is no nearer now than it was at twelve o 'clock
to-day. My purpose is a practical one. It is
lawful and fair, is it not, for one opposed to the
"protective policy "to suggestamendments, never-
theless, to a tariff bill framed avowedly upon that
principle ? It is the duty, certainly, of every Rep-
resentative to sec that the interests of his own
constituents do not suffer detriment from such a
measure. Gentlemen have spoken as if Pennsyl-
vania and her iron masters were the United States,
and as though all legislation ought to be subor-
dinated to their advancement. Sir, if Pennsyl-
vania interests are to be looked to in this measure,
I desire that the interests of the West, and of her
agriculturists and hermanufacturers,shali bo con-
sulted also. To-morrow, when it will be in order,
I shall propose an amendment upon a subject in
which many of my constituents are deeply inter-
ested—I refer to the duty on flaxseed, or linseed,
and the oil from it. Meantime, I submit now a
