1014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
bill,and there will be, no objection to ordering the
bill to be printed.
Mr. M AYNARD. Certainly. 1 want the post-
ponement to a day later than that which has been
stated. I would suggest between the 1st and 10th
of April.
Mr. CLEMENS. I am satisfied we ought to
agree to the postponement of the bill to the time
stated by the gentleman from Tennessee; and if
that suggestion be adopted, it is obvious it will
obviate all difficulty in reference to the course
proposed by the gentleman from New York. ♦
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Then I agree to
modify my motion to the extent that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until the
first Tuesday in April.
. Mr. GROW. Is it moved to make this bill a
special order on the day to which it is proposed
to postpone it ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Not at all.
Mr. GROW. Neither in the Committee of the
Whole onthestateoftheUnion nor in the House?
I am opposed to the bill being made a spccial
order.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do not propose
that it shall be made a special order, but only that
it shall be postponed to the day which I have
named.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands the
proposition to be f®r a postponement, and not for
a special order.
Mr. GROW. I object to this system of post-
ponement. The Committee on Commerce, under
the rules, are entitled to two days in which to
submit their repoits. Now, suppose they post-
pone the further consideration of one half of their
reports to other days: when those days arc reached
they will consume further time, prevent any other
business being taken up in the morning hour, and
unfairly interfere during that morning hour with
the business of the other standing committees.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My answer to that
isUhis: this business is privileged to the extent
that it ought to take precedence of any other busi-
ness less important. I have already stated in my
place that, should business of greater importance,
necessary to the administration of the Govern-
ment, or to carrying on the business of this House,
intervene, I will readily yield to its consideration.
I make the motion for the postponement of the
further consideration of this bill for the benefit of
the members of this House, in order that they
may have time in which to consult the pages of
the bill, and to learn what it is that it is proposed
to them to vote for. *
Mr. GROW. Under the rules of the House, I
will repeat, each committee is allowed two days
in which to make its reports. If committees, when
they make reports, postpone their consideration
to future days, one committee, by that practice,
might absorb the whole session with the business
of that committee.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. The gentleman is
entirely in error in the opposition he makes.
Under the former rules, committees had the floor
for reports in the morning hour as against all
privileged questions; and now, the question as to
whether a committee shall occupy more than two
days is one addressed to the discretion of the
House. To that discretion—that reasonable dis-
cretion, as I claim—I have appealed, when I nar-
rated the facts ill the case, and asked for the post-
ponement of the further consideration of this bill
to the day I have indicated.. I now address that
motion for a postponement to the intelligence and
to the equity of this House. It is as clear as light
that this subject demands the early and speedy
action of the Congress of the United States. I
move that the further consideiation of the bill be
postponed till the first Tuesday of next month;
and I ask for a vote 011 that motion.
Mr. GROW. If the gentleman will make his
motion to postpone to apply after the morning
hour of the' day to which lie moves to postpone
the bill, I will make 110 objection. But I do ob-
ject to a committee reporting, and then postponing
the consideration of their business to a certain day,
to be brought up in the morning hour, thereby
swamping the committees which follow.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I presume
the gentleman from New York will so modify his
motion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I will move that
it be postponed until the first Tuesday of April,
to be taken up after the morning hour, and that it
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move that there
be printed five hundred extra copies.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing, under the rules.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, made adverse reports in the fol-
lowing cases; which were laid on the table, and
the committee discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof:
A bill for the erection of a custom-house, post
office, &c., at Apalachicola; and
A bill for the erection of marine hospitals at
Memphis, Tennessee, and Apalachicola, Florida.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT CHICAGO. *
Mr.WASHBURNE, oflllinois, from the same
committee, reported a joint resolution providing
for the manner of expending the balance of ap-
propriation for repairing the works and piers, m
order to preserve and secure the light-house at
Chicago, Illinois; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The resolution, which was read, provides that
the unexpended balance now remaining of the ap-
propriation made March 3,1859, for repairing the
works and piers, in order to preserve and secure
the light-house at Chicago, Illinois, be expended
in repairing and improving the harbor of Chicago;
provided that nothing in said bill contained shall in-
terfere with so much of said appropriation as may
have been already required by the Light-House
Board for repairs in order to secure sai"d light-house,
but that the same shall be expended in accordance
with such requisition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say that the last Congress made an appropriation
of some eighty-seven thousand dollars for the pur-
pose of repairing the piers and light-house, in
order to protect the harbor of Chicago. A por-
tion of that money has been expended, but there
is yet an unexpended balance. We merely wish
to change the direction of it, and apply it to clean-
ing out the harbor, in order that the commerce of
that lake may be protected. I desire to have the
resolution put upon its passage, and I call the pre-
vious question upon "its engrossment and third
reading.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof, the resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time. The resolution
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved the
prewous question upon the passage of the reso-
lution.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. BRANCH. I would like to know of the
gentleman from Illinois whether the. Reservation
ill his joint resolution covers an amount that will
undoubtedly besufficientto secure the light-house,
so that no possible occasion will arise calling for
a further appropriation ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Itunquestionabiydocs.
Mr. GARTRELL. What amount does the
resolution cover?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What re-
mains of an appropriation of §87,000—about sixty-
four thousand dollars.
The main question was ordered to lie put.
Mr. UNDERWOOD called for the yeas and
nays upon the passage of the resolution.
Tellers on the yeas and nays were called for.
Tellers were not ordered.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was then passed.
Mr.- WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the lesolution was
passed; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table;
The latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Public Lands, made adverse reports in the fol-
lowing cases; which were laid on the table, and
the committee discharged from the further con-
sideration thereof:
The memorial of the Legislature of Nebraska,
asking a grant of lands for an orphan asylum, a
widows' home, and ail asylum for the sick and
infirm;
The memorial of the Legislature of Nebraska,
asking a grant of land to aid in testing the navi-
gability of the Platte river;
The memorial and joint resolution relative to
school lands in the Indian reservation in Richard-
son county, Nebraska; and
The petition of the commissioners of common
schools of the Territory of Nebraska.
BOUNTY LANDS.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, from the same com-
mittee, also reported a bill providing for satisfy-
ing claims for bounty lands and for other pur-
poses.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. There will be no ob-
jection to the passage of that bill, and 1 therefore
move that it be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the act
entitled "iln act giving further time for satisfying
claims for bounty lands andfor other purposes,"
approved February 8, 1854, and the act entitled*.
"An act to provide for satisfying claims for bounty
lands for military services in the late war with
Great Britain and for other purposes," approved
July 27, 1842, and also the two acts, approved
January 27, 1835, therein and thereby revived,
shall be revived and continued in force, without
restriction or limitation as to time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was subse-
quently reati the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to report a bill to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public domain.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union; and I will state, at the same time,
that I want to enter a motion to reconsider the
vote by which it may he so referred.
Mr. BRANCH. I move to lay on the table the
motion to reconsider the vote referring the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not yet been
referred. The question is on referring the bill to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The question was taken; and it was agreed to.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I now move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill has been referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BRANCH. And I move to lay on the table
the motion to reconsider.
Mr. LOVEJOY. The gentleman from North
Carolina may make that motion; but I hope it will
be understood by the House that the purpose I
have had ill view was not to consume the morning
hour in putting the bill on its passage, but still to
reserve it, so that it may be called up at some fu-
ture time, that the House may act upon it.
Several Republican Members. Fix a day.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the House will under-
stand that this movement is to put the homestead
bill in such a position as that it can be brought
back before the House, to be voted on whenever
the friends t>f the bill desire to do so.
Air. FARNSWORTH. -That is what we want.
Mr. LOVEJOY. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to this. I simply want to have the bill m
such a position that it can be brought up at some
future time, when the House will not be too much
engrossed.
Air. NOELL. I desirs to say to the gentleman
from Illinois, that I want an opportunity to dis-
i cuss this bill before it is put upon its passage.
Air. LOVEJOY. I want to submit the ques-
tion whether any gentleman can take the floor
from me to make the motion to lay on the table ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illinois
is entitled to the floor on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. BRANCH. Had not the gentleman from
Illinois yielded the floor?
Mr. LOVEJOY. No, sir; I have not yielded
the floor.
Mr. BRANCH. Then I give notice that, when
