1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2903
with the Indian tribes of that Territory by which
the faith of the Government is pledged to make
appropriations year by year. It is not a question
as to whether the Indian Commissioner or the In-
dian superintendent or agents shall be arraigned
for disobedience of the orders of Congress. The
question is, shall the supreme law of the land
be observed r shall the faith of treaties be regarded
sacred? We have made treaties with the Indians
stipulating that we shall pay them installments
year by year. It is the right of these Indians to
have the payments made; and it is to that point
alone that I address my remarks.
Mr. M1LLSON. Mr. Chairman, I move that
the committee do not concur in the ninth amend-
ment of the Senate. I make the motion merely
for the purpose of saying a word or two. As a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means,
it might be supposed that I should not object to
the course proposed by the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and suggested by
the chairman of this committee; but, sir, the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means is but the servant of
the House. I am not willing that amendments
which have received the sanction of the Senate
shall be rejected by this House without inquiry
by the House, and simply upon the recommend-
ation of that committee.
The CHAIRMAN. If there is a single objec-
tion, the vote will be taken separately on the
amendments of the Senate.
Mr M1LLSON. Well, sir, I propose that we
take a vote, upon each amendment. I want to ad-
here to the forms of legislation, if we disregard
the substance; for I do not know how long it may
be before, in this downward progress, we may
determine to transfer to a single man the right of
expressing the voice and sentiment of the whole
body.
I do not know that the recommendations of the
Committee of Ways and Means are always re-
spected by the House. We have had some rccent
instances, in which those recommendations have
been rejected by the House. I concur in all the
recommendations of the committee in regard to
these amendments; but I do not know that other
gentlemen will do so; and, as but five minutes*
discussion is allowed upon each amendment, it
would be unjust to group the amendments to-
gether, so as to compel a member to advocate or
o.ppose twenty or thirty amendments in a five
minutes' speech.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendments will be
voted on separtely.
Ninth amendment:
Dwamisk and other allied tribes in Washington Territory.
—Forsecond installment on .$150,000, under the direction of
the President, per sixth article of treaty 22d January, 1855,
$1*2,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Tenth amendment:
For second of twenty installments {or the establishment
and support of an agucuUural and industrial school, and
to provide «atd school with a suitable instructor or instruct-
ors, per fouiteonth at tide treaty 22d January, 1855. $3,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in
Eleventh amendment:
For sccond of l.'.verity installments for the establishment
and suppoit of a smith and carpenter's shop, and to furnish
them with the necessary tools, per fourteenth article treaty
22(1 January, 1805. $500.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
' The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for the employment of
a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and physician, who shall
famish medicines for the sick, per fourteenth article treaty
22d January, 1855, §3,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
Mr. STOUT. I move to reduce the amount of
the appropriation one dollar. I do not desire to
take up the time of the committee, but I wish to
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means a qutstion, in view of the remarks he made
a few momenta ago in relation to deficiency bills.
I would ask if it is possible for this money to be
expended in any other way than in accordance
with the law and the treaty stipulations; and what
can be the objection to making the appropriation
at this time, if it can only be applied m carrying
out treaties which we are m good faith bound to
fulfill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am filling to answer the
gentleman. I said that we had already appropri-
ated this winter for one installment under these
Indian treaties, and that installment is not due until
the Indians remove on tlieir reservation. The
next installment will not be due until one year
after they have arrived on the reservation, and,
consequently, it cannot be due until the summer
of 1862; and it is idle to appropriate so far in ad-
vance.
Mr. STOUT. Does the gentleman understand
that the moneys proposed to be appropriated by
these amendments are not to be paid until June,
1862 ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Not until after June, 1861.
Mr. STOUT withdrew his amendment to the
amendment.
The twelfth amendment of the Senate was non-
concurred in.
The following amendments of the Senate, in
which the Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurrence, were then severally
read, and non-concurred in:
Thirteenth amendment:
Mcrkah Tt ihe.—For second installment on $30,000, under
the dnectmn of U e President, per fifth article treaty 31st
January, 1<>52; $0,500.
Fourteenth amendment:
Foi second of twenty installments for the support of an
agricultural and industrial school, and for pay of teachers,
per eleventh article tieaty 3lst January, 1855, {*2,500.
Fifteenth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for support of a smith
and carpenter's shop, and to piovide the necessary tools
therefor, per eleventh article treaty 31st January, 1855, $500.
Sixteenth amendment:
For second of twenty installment* for the employment of
a blacksmith, cnpenter, lauwr, and physician, who shall
furnish medicines for the Mck, per eleventh aiticle treaty
Clj-t Januaiy, 1855, $3,000.
Seventeenth amendment:
JValla-Walla, Cayvscs, and Umatilla Tribes.—For sec-
ond installment of $50,000 for the erection of buildings on
the leservations. fencing, and opening farms, per third ar-
ticle treat) 9th June, 1855, $-2,GOO.
Eighteenth amendment:
For second of five installments of $8,000, under the direc-
tion of the President, per second article tieaty 9th June,
1855, §8,1)00.
Nineteenth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for the purchase of all
neeessaiy mill fixtures and mechanical tools, medicines,
and hospital stores, books and stationery for schools, and
furniture for the employes, per fourth article treaty 9th
Juno, 1855, $'3,000.
Twentieth amendment:
For second of twentj' installments for the pay and sub-
sistence of one i-upertntm.U'nt of farming operations, one
faimer, one blacksmith, one wajon and plow-maker, one
caip-%ntei and joim'i. one physician, and two teachers, per
fourth aiticlc treaty 9th June, 1855, $7,500.
T wen ty-fi rs t amendment:
For second of twenty installments for the pay of each of
the head chiefs of the Walla- Walia, Cayuse, and Umatilla
bands, the sum of $500 per annum, per fifth article treaty
9th June, 1855, $1,500.
Twenty-second amendment:
For second of twenty installments for salary for the son
of Pio-pio-mox-mox, per fifth aiticle treaty 9Ui June, 1855,
$100.
Twenty-third amendment:
Yakama Nation.—For second of five installments for ben-
eficial object?, at the discretion of the President, per fourth
article treaty Oth June, 1855, $10,000.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for the support of two
schools, one of which to be an agricultural and indus-
trial school; keeping m lepair school buildings, and for
providing suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth
article treaty 9th June, 1S55, $500.
T w e n ly -fi ft h amendment :
For second of twenty installments for the employment
of one superintendent of teaching and two teacheis, per
fifth atLide treaty 9th June, 1855, $2,200.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
For second of twenty installments for the employment of
one supeimtiMident of farming and two farmers, two black-
smiths, one tmnoi, one gunsmith, one caipenter. and one
wagon and plow-maker, per filth aiticle tieaty 9th June,
1855, §0,400.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
saw and flouring mills, and tor furnishing the necessary
tools and fixtures, per 'tilth article treaty 9Ui June, 1655,
$500.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for keeping: in repair
the hospital and providing the necessary medicines and
fixtures therefor, per fifth article'treaty 9th June, 1855,
$300.
Thirtieth amendment;
For second of twenty installments for the pay of a phy-
sician, per fifth article treaty 9th June^ 1655, $1,000. - -
Thirty-first amendment:
Fpr second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
the buildings required for the various employe, and for
providing the necessary furniture therefor, per fifth article
treaty 9th June, 1855, $300.
The Clerk then read the thirty-second amend-
ment of the Senate, as follows:
For second of twenty installments for the salary of such
person as the said confederated tribes and bands of Indiana
may select to be their head chief, per fifth article treaty 9th
June, 1855,$500.
Mr. REAGAN. For the purpose of enabling
me to say a word, 1 move to reduce this appro-
priation one dollar. I do not want to set my
judgment up against that of the Committee <?f
"Ways and Means, and I would not detain the
committee a moment if the Senate had not decided
that this was a proper amendment. I find, on
going back to the Indian deficiency bill for the
present session, that the appropriations there
made were to carry out the treaties with these In-
dians for the present fiscal year, ending the 30th
of the present month. Now, this appropriation,
which has been put in this bill by the Senate, is
for carrying .out the obligations of the Govern-
mentfor the year ending June 30,1861. Of course,"
as the sum is called for by treaty stipulation, if
the amount is not appropriated in this bill, it will
have to be appropriated the next year as a defi- ,
ciency. Unless gentlemen intend to repudiate the
treaty obligations of the Government, I confess
it seems strange to me that the Committee of
Ways and Means should refuse to make an ap-
propriation to comply with our treaty obligations
for the year for which this bill makes appropri-
ations. I cannot understand why they should
strike out this amendment, when they know this
amount must be appropriated for the coming fiscal
year. I am, of course, desirous not to increase tbe
amount of our appropriations; but when the Gov-
ernment has placed itself under obligations from
which it cannot escape, 1 cannot understand the
policy of refusing to make the necessary appro-
priations.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole matter depends
upon the construction given to the treaty. The
first installment under this treaty has been appro-
priated for during the present year. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means considered the second
installment under the treaty, for which this pro-
poses to make an appropriation, to be properly
due next year; the third to be due the year after,
and so on *,and givmgitthiseonstruction,the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means believed it would be
bettor to make the appropriation at the next ses-
sion.
Mr. REAGAN. Then the policy of the com-
mittee is to make these appropriations as deficien-
cies,, and to continue them as deficiencies to the
end of time. I withdraw my amendment.
The amendment was then non-concurred in.
The following amendments of the Senate were
then read:
Thirty-third amendment:
Ncz Pcrce Indians.—For second of five installments for
beneficial objects, at the discretion of the President, per
fourth article treaty 11th of June, 1855, $10,000.
Thirty-fourth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for the support of two
schools, one of which to be an agricultural and industrial
school, keeping in repair school buildings, and for provid-
ing suitable furniture, books, and stationery, per fifth ar-
ticle treaty 11th June, 1855, $500.
Thirty-fifth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for the employment of
one superintendent of teaching and two teachers, per fifth
article tieaty 11th June, 1855, $2,200.
Thirty-sixth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
blacksmiths', tinsmiths', gunsmiths', carpenters', and
wagon and plow-makeis' shops, and for providing neces-
sary tools therefor, per fifth article treaty 11th June, 1855,
$500.
Thirty-seventh amendment:
For second of twenty installments for the employment of
on*' superintendent of farming and two farmers, two mill-
ers, two blacksmiths, one tinner, one gunsmith, one car-
penter. and one wagon and plow-maker, per fiJth article
treaty 11th June, 1855, $6,400.
