2904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
Thirty-eighth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
saw and' flouring mills, and for furnishing the necessary
tools and fixtures therefor, per fifth article treaty 11th June,
1855, $500.
Thirty-ninth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
the hospital, and providing the necessary medicines and
furniture therefor, per fifth at tide treaty 11th June, 1855.
$300.
Fortieth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for pay of a physician,
per fifth article treaty 11th June, 1855, $1,000.
Forty-first amendment:
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
the buildings for the various employe-*, and for providing
the necessary furniture therefor, per fifth article treaty 11th
June, 1855, $300.
Forty-second amendment:
For second of twenty installments for the salary of such
person as the tube may select to be their head chief, per
fifth article treaty 11th June, 3855, §500.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence in these
amendments.
The amendments were non-concurred in.
The Clerk then read the following amendments
of the Senate:
Forty-third amendment:
Flathcads and other confederated tribes.—For second in-
stallment on $120,000 for beneficial objects, at the discre-
tion of the President, pei fourth aiticle tieaty 16th June,
1855, $6,000.
Forty-fourth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for the support of an
agrjeultuial and industrial school, keeping in repair the
buildings, and pioviding mutable furmtuie, books, and sta-
tionery, per fifth article treaty 16th June, 1855, $300.
Forty-fifth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for providing suitable
instructors therefor, pei fifth article treaty 16th June, 1855,
$1,100.
Forty-sixth amendment;
For second of twenty installments for keeping in rcpah
blacksmiths', tin and gunsmiths', earpenteia', and wagon
and plow-makers' shop?, und piovuhng necessary tools
therefor, per filth nitielo tieaty 16th Juno, 1S55, $500.
Forty-seventh amendment:
For second of twenty installments for the employment
of two farmers, two millers, one blacksmith, one tinner,
one gunsmith, one carpenter, and one wagon and plow-
maker, pei fifth article tieaty 16th June, 1803, $5,400.
Forty-eighth amendment:
For second of twenty installments for keeping in repair
saw and flouring mills, and lbi fmnhhintc the neees-ary
tools and fixtures theietur, pei fifth article treaty 16th June,
1855, $500.
Forty-ninth amendment:
For second of twenty installments foi keeping m repair
the hospital, and" providing the necessary mediemes and
furmtme thorolor, per fifth article treaty*16th June, 1855,
$300.
Fiftieth amendment:
For second of twenty installment^ foi pay of a phyucian,
per fifth article treaty lGth June, 1855, $1,000.
Fifty-first amendment:
For second of twenty installment for keeping in icpair
the buildings inquired foi the various employes, and Uu-
mshing neccs^ai\ furniture theieloi, pei fitth article treaty
16th June, 1&55, $-300.
Fifty-second amendment:
For second of twenty installments for the salary of such
person as the confederated hands may select to be their
chief, per fifth article treaty 16th June, 1855, $500.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means rccommend non-concurrence in these
amendments.
Mr. HOWARD, of Michigan. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Ohio in what year each of
these second installments is payable?
Mr. SHERMAN. That depends entirely upon
the construction given to the treaty. The con-
struction given by the Committee of Ways and
Means is this: these Indians are to be removed
to reservations, and within one year after then*
removal they are to receive their first installment
under the treaty. They are to be removed this
summer. None of them have yet been removed.
We have already provided for the first installment
to be paid to them; and according1 to our con-
struction of the treaty, it is not yet time to pro-
vide for the payment of the second installment.
The amendments of the Senate for Flathcads
and othei" confederated tribes were then non-
concurred in.
Fifty-third, fifty-fourth, fifty-fifth, and fifty-
seventh amendments:
Insert the following:
Confederated tribes and bands of Indians in middle Ore-
gon.— For second of five installments of $8,000 for bene-
ficial objects, at the discretion of the President, per second
article treaty 25th June, 3855, $8,000.
For second of fifteen installments for pay and subsistence
of one farmer, one blacksmith, and one wagon and plow-
maker, per fourth article treaty 25th June, 1855, $3,500.
For second of twenty installments for pay and subsistence
of one physician, one sawyer, one miller, one superin-
tendent of farming operations, and one school teacher, per
fouith article treaty 25th Juno, 1855, $5,000.
For second of twenty installments for payment of salary
to the head chief of said confederated bands, per fourth
aiticle treaty 25th June, 1855, $500.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendments were severally not concurred
in.
Fifty-eighth, fifty-ninth, sixtieth, and sixty-
first amendments:
Insert the following:
Molalu Indium.—For second of ten installments fur keep-
ing m repair saw and llounng milK and for the pay of ne-
cessaiy employes, the benefits of which to be shared alike
by all the confedeiated bands, per second article treaty 21st
December, 1855, $l,f>00.
For second of five installments (m addition to the install-
ments specified m the treaty of 29th November, 1854, with
the Umpquas and Ualapooias of Cnipqua valley) tor fut-
mshlng iron und steel and other materials for the smith and
tin shops provided for in said treaty, and for the pav of the
necessary mechanics,persecond article treaty 21&t Decem-
ber, 1855, $1,800.
For second often installments for the pay of a carppnter
and joiner to aid m erecting buildings and making furm-
tme for said Indians, and to furnish tools in said service,
per second article tieaty 21st December, 1855, $1,000.
For second of five installments for the pay of an addi-
tional tanner, por second article treaty 21st December,
1S55, $600.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendments wure severally not concurred
in.
Sixty-second, sixty-third, sixty-fourth, and
sixth-fifth amendments:
Insert the following:
Qin-nai-clt and Quil-lek-utc Indians.—For second install-
ment on $25,000 for beneficial objects, undei the direction
of the President, per lourth article treaty 1st July. 1855,
$2,000.
For second of twenty installments for the suppoif of an
agricultural and indumial school, and for pav of suitable
instructors, pei tenth aitteje treaty 1st July, 1855, $2,500.
For second of twenty installments for suppoit ot smiths'
and carpeinets' shops, and to piovidc necessary tools there-
lor, per tenth article treaty 1st Jul}*, 1855, $500.
For second ot twenty installments for the employment of
a blacksmith, caipenter, and farrnei, an/1 a physician who
shall fnrni-h medicines for the sick, per tenth aiticle ticatv
1st July, 1855, $.5,000.
The CfIA IRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendments were severally not concurred
in.
Sixty-sixth, sixty-seventh, and sixty-eighth
amendments:
Inseit the following:
S'fdallami.—For second installment on $60,000, undei
the direction of the Piesidcnt, pei fifth aiticle of treaty
:20th January, 1855, $5,000.
For second ot twenty installments for the suppoit of an
agncultural and indu-tnal school, and for pay of suitable
teaeheis, per eleventh aiticle treaty 26th January, 1855,
,<2.500.
For second of twenty installments for the employment
of a blacksmith, caipenter, farmer, and a physician who
shall lutnish medicines for the sick, pei eleventh article of
treaty 20th January, 1855.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendments were severally not concurred
in.
Sixty-ninth amendment:
To the clause for defraying the expenses of the removal
and sub-d-tenee of Indian* m California to reservation? in
that State, and foi the pay of the necessary employes,
$50,000, add the following proviso :
Provided* That the tiecictary of the Interior may divide
the State of California into two Indian ih^tuet*, and that
the Pie^ident of the United States, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, shall appoint a superintending
agent for each district, at a salaiy of $3,600 per annum",
who, upon executing a bond upon sucii teims and in such
sum and security as the Secictaiy of the Interior may pre-
scribe, shall have under his control and management, as
the Secretary may prescribe, the Indians and reservations
in their sepaiaterespective distiicts. Each superintendent
may appoint, subject to the confirmation of the Seeretaiy
of the Interior, a f-upervisor tor each reservation in his re-
spective di-Hnct, to instruct the Indians in husbandly, at a
salary of $1,800 per annum ; and al o appoint not exceed-
ing four laboiers, to aid such supervisor, at a compensation
not to exceed filly dollars per month: And provided fur-
ther, That the Secretary of the Interior is authorized, at
hi<5 discretion, if deemed expedient, to lease either or all
of the reservations or farms, for a term of years, to respons-
ible parties who may be willing to farm them and provide
for the support and comfort of the Indians thereon, oi who
may be brought there by the superintendents, for a sum not
exceeding $3,000 per annum, and upon such party giving a
bond, on such terms and for such sum as the Secretary may
may dictate, for the faithful performance of his contract to
support the Indians, preserve and return the Government
property intrusted to his care: And provided further, That
the express condition of such leasing is to save the Govern-
ment of the United States from all expense connected with
said reservations, except the salary of the superintendent
of each district, and each lessee is to receive and support all
Indians brought to the reservations by the superintendents:
And -provided further, That all acts or parts of acts in con-
flict with th's provision be, and are hereby, repealed.
Mr. SCOTT. I move to amend that amend-
ment of the Senate by inserting after the word
"superintendents," near the close, these words:
And that all laws and paits of laws providing for the ap-
pointment of a superintendent, agent, and sub-agents, tor
California, in conflict with this act be, and the same are
hereby, lepealed.
The Committee of Ways and Means have rec-
ommended a non-concurrence in this amendment.
This matter was before the Committee on Indian
Affairs, of which I am a member, and that com-
mittee voted unanimously to concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
In the limited space of five minutes allowed me,
I cannot state to the House the whole history of
the reservation system of the State of California.
Suffice it to say, that it was inaugurated in 1854.
under the administration of Mr. Pierce. That
system has been found to work badly, and the
Secretary of the Interior and the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs have both strenuously recom-
mended the adoption of this amendment.
It will be seen by a perusal of the amendment
that, instead of having one superintendent, the
State is to be divided into two districts, and we
are to have a superintendent in each. Now, I am
informed by the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
that such an arrangement will save to the Govern-
ment annually from fifteen to twenty thousand
dollars. In addition to that, it cuts off a great
many employes now in the employ of the Gov-
ernment.
The amendment also gives to the superintend-
ent of Indian affairs power to appoint his agents,
or what are called in this amendment farmers,
who are held to a strict accountability to the su-
perintendent, instead of being, as is the case under
the present system, accountable directly to the
Secretary of the Interior. This last provision of
the present system has been the cause of great
difficulty between the superintendent of Indian
affairs and these sub-agents, resulting in great
injury to the efficiency of the system.
I believe that by the adoption of this amend-
ment of the Senate the Indians will be amplv and
fully provided for and taken care of. An objec-
tion may be made by some that this is providing
for a pauper system. This reservation system,
adopted in 1852, was to take these Indians, carry
them to the different reserves, put farming imple-
ments into their hands, and teach them how to
use them, instead of letting them exist on acorns
and grasshoppers; and instead of roaming about
in a state of nudity, to let them be clothed and fed
by the products of their own labor. I believe
that, by the addition of good farmers to the five
Indian rcservtitions in California, the Government
will effect a large saving in the prevention of In-
dian wars. There are forty thousand Indians
within the limits of California. The whole of the
public domain in that State, amounting to thirty
million acres, is unincumbered by a single Indian
title. I believe that the adoption of the amend-
ment would be advantageous to the Govern-
ment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mi. SHERMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommended non-concurrencc m the
amendment, and I will endeavor to state, very
briefly, the reason. This is the first of a scries
of similar amendments, and it would be well
enough for the House to take a position in regard
to it. The amendment proposes an entire change
in our Indian relations m California—proposes it
by way of a proviso or amendment to a general
appropriation bill. This amendment, if offered
in the House,-would be ruled out of order. It is,
however, put on this appropriation bill by thfr
Senate, and is sent here. It is referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, und that com-
