1960
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
we have any such power under the Constitution,
and I therefore go against it.
Mr, PEARCE. Mr. President, as for this
being an offshoot of old Whiggery, the Senator
is, in one sense, under an entire mistake. If he
means to say that I was an old Whig, he is un-
doubtedly correct, and it is only what every one
here perfectly well knows. I was associated
with the Whig party so long as it had existence.
Since it has ceased to exist, I have seen occasion
to associate myself with the Democratic party,
believing that it was the only conservative national
party in the country. I shall endeavor to be as
frankly loyal to that (though by no means bound
by an indefeasible allegiance) as I ever was to
the party to which I formerly belonged. But if
the gentleman means anything beyond that, he is
totally mistaken. This Coast Survey, and this
whole business of determining longitude, was not
the offshoot of old Whiggery, which wasnotevbn
known at the time the Coast Survey was intro-
duced into the law by the message of Mr. Jeffer-
son. It had its root in the very fountain of
American Democracy, being the offspring of Mr.
Jefferson's philosophical mind; so that the Sen-
ator is entirely mistaken.
« As to the power of the Government to establish
any such department as this, there is no depart-
ment proposed to be established. There is al-
ready a bureau of the Government—1 suppose it
may be properly called so—styled the Coast Sur-
vey; and I presume that the authority which
builds light-houses and piers, and establishes
beacons and buoys, is equally effective for the
purpose of determining the position of headlands
and capes <?n our coast, so necessary to commerce
and navigation. If we have no authority to make
these observations, we have no authority to make
a coast survey, and no authority to do anything
else for the protection of commerce which wo do
every day without the least suspicion that it is
an offshoot of old Whiggery. I think, sir, it is
really a provision which is due from the Govern-
ment to its own interests. It has no conncction
with party politics at all, and I think it is as littlo
liable to abuse as any other thing that ever was
proposed in Congress.
Mr. IVEKSON. The Coast Survey office wan
established, as I understand, under that branch
of the Constitution which gave Congress the power
to maintain a Navy. We must have our coast,
our harbors and rivers surveyed for the protec-
tion and benefit of the Navy of the United Slates,
and not for tire protection or facilitation of com-
merce. If it is done for the benefit of commerce,
then 1 totally repudiate it. Congress has no
power to facilitate commerce—none whatever.
You may regulate it; hut that is a very different
thing. We cannot facilitate it. Wo cannot pass
laws to advance it, but we may regulate it, if we
choose, and that we must do. We have power to
do that under the Constitution. Wc may survey
the coasts; wc may make charts for the benefit of
the Navy. That is a power necessarily incidental
to the power granted of maintaining a Navy; but
what benefit or what object can be accomplished,
so far as maintaining a Navy is concerned, by
providing for the eclipse of the sun ? Does that
enable the ships to come into port any better or
any safer ?
Mr. PEAIICE. Yes, sir.
Mr. 1VEIIS0N. I think not. I flunk it is
wholly unconnected with any useful thing con-
nected with the Navy. I said that it was an off-
spring of Whiggery. i meant that the Senator
himself was formerly a member of the Whig
party, that that was a party of liberal construc-
tion, and that although now associated with the
Democratic party, and I believe m good faith, yet
eveiy now and then the cloven foot will show
itself. [Laughter.]
Mr. PEARCE. Well, Mr. President, I do not
think it worth while to keep up this dialogue; but
now the Senator admits the right to survey the
coast. Now, if wc are to survey the coast and
delineate its form on the maps, wc must have the
longitude as well as the latitude of important
points accurately ascertained and laid down. The
Senator knows, I presume, that all longitude is
relative. There is no natural point where longi-
tude begins. We arbitrarily select for this coun-
try, Greenwich, in England, which, for many
reasons, is our initial meridian. It is a fact that
the relative longitudes of this coast have not been,
and could not be, heretofore determined with all
possible accuracy. Those very observations to
which one Senator has reforred, made by Lieu-
tenant Gillis, in Chili, have corrected the longi-
tudes of the western portion of the coast of the
South American continent by four degrees, and
we have yet to ascertain with precision the
longitudes of the eastern part of our continent.
Now, sir, these observations of the central eclipse
of the sun will furnish one of the best means of
determining the longitude. These observations
arc liable to error, it is true, as all observations
are, and it is only by availing ourselves of every
opportunity (and these central eclipses occur com-
paratively seldom) that wc are enabled accurately
to determine these questions of longitude. If we
determine accurately the longitude at any one
point, then we have a basis on which to proceed
to ascertain the longitudes of other important
points on the coast. I will not trouble the Senate
further.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to ask the Senator from
Maryland why it is that a provision is made for
sending five astronomers, and not a provision
made for sending officers of our own Navy? It
seems to me very strange if we have not got men
connected with the Navy more particularly com-
petent to make these observations. They are the
very men who ought to make these observations,
in order that they may be able to perform such
duties if ever a similar occasion should arise. I
am opposed to that portion of the resolution, at
any rate. It seems to me that we ought to send
the most accomplished and scientific men in our
own naval corps to make these observations, in-
stead of authorizing a man who is not connected
with the Navy at all, but who is at the head of
the Coast Survey, to select his friends throughout
the country to make these observations.
Mr. PEARCE. If the gentleman supposes that
all the officers of the Navy are accomplished as-
tronomers, he is totally mistaken.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not.
Mr. PEARCE. Not only is such not the fact
as to those officers, but there is only a very small
proportion of them good astronomers. There are
some. The gentleman at the head of the Nautical
Almanac is a very accomplished astronomer. I
think it very probable he may go; but there are
not, I take it, half a dozen officers of the Navy
who are accomplished astronomers and fit to do
this business. Not only are delicate observations
to be made as one edge of the moon or the other 1
touches the sun's rim, but various computations
to be made afterwards. It is due to the import-
ance of the subject and the delicacy of these ob-
servations that*the very best men in the country
shall be sent. An officer of the Navy, who, I
know, is an accomplished astronomer, is going
to the northeast coast. That is in our own terri-
tory, and requires no act of Congress. The su-
perintendent not only has the right, but it is his
duty, to make these observations within the limits
of our own country. Pie has not the right to go
out of it; and that is the sole reason for asking
the passage of this resolution, which has been
most carefully guarded.
Then, sir, I think wc can as soon trust that
officer as any one whatever with the selection of j
those who arc to go. It will not be u matter of
profit to any one of them. It is not to be a mere
pleasure jaunt. They will be at sea for a large
portion of the time in going and returning, and on
the land in a desolate, inhospitable region for a
much shorter period. There is no money to be
made by it, and nothing to be gained except rep-
utation, and reputation can only be gained by those
who are competent to the tast, and that requires
very rare accomplishments. Wherever there is
an officer of the Navy at leisure to go, who is thor-
oughlycompetent, 1 have notadoubthowillbein-
vited; but I venture to say, if it were confined to
officers of the Navy, you would not have the
task performed to the perfect satisfaction ofthe sci-
entific world, for you could not obtain officers
enough with all the requirements. With the ex-
ception of that gentleman who is going out to the
northeast coast, I know of but one whom I sup-
pose to be thoroughly competent. That gentle-
man very possibly will go. I have not a doubt
he will, if his duties in regard to the Nautical Al-
manac do notprcventhim. Those gentlemen who
do wish to go are not money-hunters or pleasure-
seekers. They arc scientific men, willing to sac-
rifice time and comfort and ease by going out on
this expedition; and surely wc cannot find abetter
person for their selection than the Superintendent
of the Coast Survey, named in the resolution.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without an amendment, ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, and was read the third time.
The PRESIDING OFFTCER. Upon the pas-
sage of this resolution the yeas and nays have
been demanded.
The yeas and nays were orderd; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 27, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bingham, Brnca,
Chesnut, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittle, Fesisenden,
Foot, Foster, Gwiii, Hamlin, Harlan, Hemphill. Latham,
Pearee, Polk, Saulsbuiy, Sowatd, Simmons, Sunnier,Ten
Eyck, Thomson, Wilson, and Yulee—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Blown, Chandler, Fitch, Fitzpatrick,
Green, Grimes, Iverson, Johnson of Tennessee, Powell,
Slidell, Toombs, Trumbull, and Wigfail—13.
So the joint resolution was passed.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senate to take
up the bill S. No. 168. It is a bill that comes
from the Committee on Private Land Claims, of
which I am a member, and relates to private land
claims in California. It is very necessary that it
should be passed at this session. I think there
will be no objection to it, and as time wears, I
designed calling it up some days ago, but did not
find an opportunity to do so.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 168) to amend an act enti-
tled " An act to ascertain and settle private land
claims in tho State of California," passed March
3, 1851. It is proposed by legislation to provide
that whenever the surveyor general of California
shall, in compliance with the thirteenth section of
an act entitled 5 4 An act to ascertain and settle pri-
vate land claims in the State of Calfornia," ap-
proved March 3, 1851, have caused any private
land claim to bo surveyed, and a plat to be made
thereof, he shall give notice that the same has been
done, and the survey and plat approved by him,
by a publication in newspapers; and the district
courts of the United States for the northern and
southern districts of California are to be author-
ized, upon the application of any party interested,
to make an order requiring any survey of a pri-
vate land claim within their respective districts to
be returned into the district court for examination
and adjudication; and on the receipt of the order,
duly certified by the clerk of either of the courts,
it is to be the duty of the surveyor general to trans-
mit the survey and plat forthwith to the court.
The order is to be granted on the application of
any party whom the district courts, or the judge
thereof, in vacation, shall deem to have such an
interest in the survey and location of a land claim
as to make it just and proper that he should be
allowed to take testimony, and to intervene for
his interest therein; and provision is made pre-
scribing the course to be pursued, if objections be
made to the survey and location on the part of
the United States, &c., &c.
Tho Committee on Private Land Claims re-
ported the bill with amendments. The first amend-
ment of the committee was in section three, after
line twenty, to insert:
Provided, however, That all parties elaiminginterest un-
der preemption, settlement, or other right or title derived
from the United States, shall not be permitted to intervene
separately; but the right? and inteiests of said parties shall
be represented by thedistrietattorney of the United States,
intervening m the name of the United States: Jlnd pro-
vided further, That before proceeding to take the testimony,
or to determine on tho validity of an v objection so made to
the survey and location as aforesaid, the said courts shall
cause notice to be given, by public advertisement, or in
some other form to be pie^cr'ibed bv their rules, to ail par-
ties in interest, that objection has been made to such sur-
vey and location, and admonishing all patties in interest to
intervene for the protection of such interest; and the said
courts shall adopt lules providing for the psompt and sum-
mary decision of all controversies on survey*, and locations
that may arise under the piovisions of this act.
Mr. LATHAM. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to that amendment. After the words " Uni-
ted States,55 in line twenty-six of that amendment,
to insert:
Aided by counsel acting for such parties jointly, if they
think proper to employ such counsel.
So that it will read:
Shall be represented by the district attorney of the Uni-
ted States, intervening m the name of the United States,
aided by counsel acting for such parties jointly, if they think
piopor to employ such counsel.
