1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mittee is not prepared to consider it. They know
nothing about it. They are not charged with that
kind of business. The effect of this mode of legis-
lation will be to throw all business of the House
into the hands of the Committee of Ways and
Means. I am satisfied that that committee do not
desire it; and we therefore endeavor to keep the
appropriation bills as clear as possible from all
extraneous legislation.
That is the first objection that the Committee
of Ways and Means had to this amendment; but
they were also compelled to object to it because
itwould create an additional Indian superintend-
ency in California, and quite a number of new
offices. It is true, that the amendment now of-
fered by the gentleman from California [Mr.
Scott] repeals the old superintendency which
now exists; but in the amendment sent to us
from the Senate, there is no provision to dis-
pense with the existing superintendent or agents.
There is another reason why the Committee of
Ways and Means disagreed to it. This propo-
sition has not been considered formally by any
committee of the House. I am told that the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, wider the pressure of
this amendment, took up the matter this morn-
ing, and considered it; but I appeal to the chair-
man of that committee to say whether or not this
radical change has been considered by the com-
mittee as fully as such an important measure of
legislation ought to be considered.
The effect of the introduction of this change
would be to establish in California the pauper
system of England; to make the Indians paupers;
to let out the keeping of them to the lowest bid-
der. I do not believe that the House is prepared
for that radical change. I therefore insist that,
unless the Committee on Indian Affairs are pre-
pared to say that they have.fully considered this
matter, and that they recommend it, the House
should not concur in this amendment. This prop-
osition should stand like any other proposition
to change existing law, which must be considered
by committees of both Houses, and passed upon
as an independent subject of legislation.
I protest now, and shall have occasion to pro-
test many times this week, against putting on
appropriation bills various measures of legisla-
tion, to change existing laws; and I hope that a
majority of the House will now, when the first
occasion is presented, strike out this amendment,
and require all those radical changes to be made
by independent law, and not by mere amend-
ments attached to the appropriation bills.
Mr. BURCH. I suppose it is in order to move
to amend the amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. As the Senate amend-
ment is the text on which the committee is acting,
the Chair is of opinion that an amendment to the
amendment offered by the gentleman's colleague
will be in order.
Mr. BURCH. 1 hope the committee will per-
fect the amendment of the Senate before the vote
is taken on it. I should like to say something in
regard to the general matters alluded to by the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. STOUT. I desire to ask the gentleman
from California whether his amendment was rec-
omended by the Committee on Indian Affairs?
Mr. SCOTT. It was. It was suggested to the
committee bv Mr. Greenwood, the Commissioner
of Indian Affairs.
The question was taken on Mr. Scott's amend-
ment to the amendment; and it was agreed to.
The question jecuned on the Senate amend-
ment, as amended.
Mr. BURCH. Is it in order now to discuss
this amendment ?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not.
Tile question was taken; and the amendment,
as amended, was non-concurred in.
Mr. BURCH. I ask leave to have a separate
vote upon it in the House.
Objection was made.
Seventieth amendment:
On page 53, line twelve hundred and -sixty-nine, after the
word '• 1 insert the word '• two so tliat it will read :
For insurance, tiasportation, ami necessary expenses
of the delivery of annuities and piovisions to the Indian
tribes m Minnesota and Michigan, $20,352 63.
Mr. SHERMAN. It turns out that this was
not a clerical error at all. The clerk of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means was right, and not
the clerk of the Finance Committee. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means recommend non-con-
currence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-first amendment:
For fulfilling the provisions of the treaty with the Creek
Indians, of March 24,1832, tespecting the orphan children
of the Creeks, and to be. in lieu of the investment of the
same sum required to be made by the sixth article of the
treaty with the Creeks and Seminoles, of August 7,1856,
the Creeks, by formal act of their council, having agreed to
exchange funds with said orphans, the proceeds of whose
reservations, under the treaty of 1832, were heretofore,
without authority of iaw, invested and used as a general
school fund among the Creeks, and the said council of the
Creeks, for and in behalf of the nation and the said orphans,
having petitioned for such exchange and for the payment
to said orphans of tiieir dues, §20(1,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventy-second amendment:
For payment of this amount to the Shawnees, due them
under tile provisions of the eleventh article of the treaty of
the 10th May, 1854, (Statutes at Larce, volume ten, page
1057.) to be reimbursed to the United States when collected
from agents Gay and Arnold, against whom suits are pend-
ing, £3,074 44.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-third amendment:
For expenses attending the vaccination of Indians for the
yeais I860 and 1881, $5,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a concurrencc.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-fourth amendment: /
For purchasing land claims on the general reservatiop'at
Puget Sound, .$9,000. 4 /
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended a non-concurreneo.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I move to
amend the amendment by adding one dollar to the
amount. I desire to state a few facts, which I trust
will satisfy this committee that this appropriation
ought to be made. The amendment provides for
purchasing land claims oil the general reservation
at Puget Sound, §9,000. We have, by treaties
made with the Indians on Puget Sound, provided
forageneral reservation, on which are to be placed
a great number of Indian tribes, numbering some
ten thousand souls. In consequence of the oper-
ation of the land laws of Congress, under which
our citizens have claimed anil acquired title to
lands before the extinguishment of the Indian
title, it became a very difficult matter to select a
reservation on Puget Sound that was not em-
barrassed by donation settlers. One was finally
found answering all the conditions of a reserva-
tion, with the single exception that there were
upon it a number of settlers, who had made sub-
stantial improvements, which, with their land,
were valued at the time, and amounted to §9,000.
Now, I submit the question to this committee,
isitnot right, is it notjust, that the Indians should
be disembarrassed of these donation claims; that
the Government should extinguish the titles of
these donation settlers, and make good the pro-
visions of the treaty which secured this tract 01
land to the Indians for a reservation ? I submit
that question to every member of this committee,
and, if I have succeeded in making my statement
understood, all must answer in the affirmative.
Such was the understanding of the Indians at the
time the treaties were made: such was the under-
standing and such the estimate of the Indian su-
perintendent when he transmitted the treaties; and
this estimate has been included in every annual
report of the superintendent of Indian affairs since,
and is now strongly urged by the Commissioner.
It has had the sanction of committees of the Sen-
ate—both the Committee on-Indian Affairs and
the Committee on Finance.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will state in a word or
two why the Committee of Ways and Means
recommended a non-concurrence m this amend-
ment. The Government has never sold or re-
ceived a dollar for lands in Washington Terri-
tory, and perhaps none in Oregon. The Indian
title has not been extinguished to the lands, and
how squatters or settlers could get land claims
on lands to which the Indian title was not extin-
guished, and the Government could be called upon
to pay those settlers for the lands; was what passed
our comprehension. We could understand that
settlers might have gone there and settled on die
lands; but if so, they took the risk; and if the.
lands are needed for an Indian reservation,pr for.
anything else, surely their settlement upon unap-
propriated and wild lands does not gtve thai} a
title, which the Government is bound to pay .for.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I with-',
draw my amendment, and move to amend, by
adding two dollars to the amount. I am very
glad that my friend, the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, has put his point,
because I think 1 can satisfy him on that ground.
We have been embarrassed by such questions,
from time to time. Those familiar with the land
laws of Congress know that Congress passed a
donation act, giving to every settler who went to
that Territory six hundred and forty acres if he
had a family, or three l/undred and twenty acre?*
if he was a single man, without any condition
with regard to the extinguishment of the Indian
title. Congress organized the Territoriesof Wash-
ington and Oregon knowing that notan acre of the,
public lands there had had the Indian title extin-
guished. More than that: Congress appointed a
surveyor general; directed surveys to be made,
making appropriations therefor, fiom time to time,
knowing that the Indian title was extinguished to
not an acre of that land. More than that: it or-
ganized a land office there, and your Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, underthelaws
of Congress, is at this moment, and has been for
the last few years, sending out patents to our set-
tlers upon lands, the Indian title to which,has
never been extinguished.
I affirm that such arc the laws in regard to Ore-
gon and Washington. Be they right or wrongisnot
the question. We have preemption laws, which
authorize the settlers to preempt unsurveyed as-
well as surveyed lands. Wo had a law of Con-
gress extending the surveys east of the Cascades
when we had not made a treaty east of the Cas-
cades. Our treaties unfortunately have followed
settlement; they have followed the organization
of the Territory; they have followed the creation
of the office of surveyor general; they have fol-
lowed the land surveys; and it seems to me that
the honest settler, who has simply responded to
the invitation of the Government, and gone there
under the laws of Congress, ought not to have his
title called in question. I hope my friend will be
satisfied.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the gentleman
this question: were not the settlements made upon
lands in which the Indian title had not been extin-
guished ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Theywere.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then, if so, had the settlers
any right to go upon lands in which the Indian
title had not been extinguished?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. They had
a perfect right to do so under the donation law.
That is the decision of our courts; that is the de-
cision of the Land Office; and it has never been
questioned by a judicial tribunal, and never can
be. Such is the provision of your law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have always understood
that no settler had a right to go upon any lands
ill an Indian country until the Indian title waa
extinguished; or if he settled there and made im-
provements, and the Indians afterwards needed
the lands, or they were reserved to them, cer-
tainly the settler had no right to claim for his
improvements.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I withdraw
my amendment, and move to increase the appro-
priation three dollars.
Mr. CURTIS. I desire to ask the gentleman
one question. There is 110 doubt that by usage
iaw white people had a right to settle there, and
did settle there, and have, therefore, claims which
ought to be recognized. I would ask the gentle-
man whether this matter has been properly ad-
justed before a committee,and has been reported
by a committee who understand all the facts ? If
it has been properly adjusted, and the claim has
been fairly and equitably determined, I think I
shall vote for it.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I will statotliat the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs has, during the present
II session, had undei consideration a case, as I un-
derstand, identical with this, in which a party-
settled upon Government lands which were after-
wards appropriated by the Government for an In-
