1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1961
There is no objection on the part of the com-
mittee to this amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment of the committee was, in
section five, line thirteen, after the word "court,"
to insert:
Excrpt in the location arid surveys of grants and claims
involving the title in whole or in part to the quicksilver
mines known as the New Almaden mines, and except in
cases where the survey and location, as established by said
district courts, may interfere or conflict with the survey and
location of other grants or claims derived from the Mexican
Government; in both which classes of excepted cases an
appeal may be taken to the Supreme Court of the United
States for final determination by said court. If applied for
within six months from the date of the decree of said dis-
trict courts, but not afterwards.
Mr. LATHAM. I move to strike out all the
amendment, commencing withline thirteen, after
the word "except," to the word "if," in the
twenty-second line, so as to place all parties on an
equal footing so far as the question of appeal is
concerned. That will simply leave the amend-
ment to insert the words " if applied for within
six months from the date of the decree of said dis-
trict courts, butnot afterwards."
The PRESIDING OFFICER,,(Mr. Foot.)
The hour having arrived for the consideration of
tile special order, the unfinished business of yes-
terday, it becomes the duty of the Chair to call up
tlftkt subject for consideration. That special order
is the resolutions ofthe Senator from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis,] on which the Senator from North
Carolina [Mr. Clingman] has the floor.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do not desire to interrupt
the Senator from North Carolina, but if he will
give us five minutes, this bill will be finished by
that time, I think; but if not, this will give way.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator from Louisiana is
mistaken. The bill cannot pass without discus-
sion. I think it is a most extraordinary proposi-
tion—the whole bill.'
Mr. GWIN. Well, let us get through with
the amendments.
Mr. PUGH. I have no objection to theamend-
ments being adopted; but the principle of the bill
seems to me objectionable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then, by com-
mon consent, the bill will still be considered be-
fore the Semite, and the question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from California to the
amendment of the committee.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will say in relation to
that, that this section in the original bill provided
for no appeal from the decision of the district
judge relative to the location of private land claims.
The committee, however, thought there should
be an appeal in all important cases, and made
some exceptions. The California delegation at
that time thought it was more important to Cal-
ifornia that these claims should be finally determ-
ined by the court below, m order at once to put
an end to litigation about title; but the Senator
from California [Mr. Lathasi] thinks that would
be dangerous, and that instead of excepting a
certain class of cases, a general appeal ought to
be allowed to the parties in interest to the Su-
preme Court. As this is a matter which had been
originally put in the bill at the suggestion of the
California delegation, I make 110 opposition what-
ever to the nmendment now moved by the Sen-
ator from that State. I was doubtful of the pro-
priety of the section originally, and only yielded
to it at the solicitation of the California delega-
tion. As they themselves now agree that it would
not be judicisus to leave these cases to be decided
by the judge below without appeal, the amend-
ment of the Senator from California which gives
an appeal in all cases if applied for within six
months, meets my hearty concurrence.
Mr. GWIN. My late colleague, the predeces-
sor of my present colleague, was in favor of this
proposition which has been introduced into the
bill. I do not take any interest in it particularly,
but I prefer the amendment of my present col-
league.
Mr. LATHAM. T want all parties put on an
equal footing. I want no exceptions in favor of
any one. Some of these claims involve twenty-
five or thirty millions of property 011 a mere ques-
tion of boundary. I do not believe in investing
m any one man the power of deciding a cause of
that importance. If the uarties want to appeal to
the Supreme Court of tne United States, let them
appeal) under the restrictions, of course, which
would ordinarily be imposed in suits of that
kind.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to; and the amendment,as amended, was adopted.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will now move, myself,
to amend the sixth section by striking out all after
the words " surveyor general," in the ninth line.
The words to be stricken out are:
"And all approved surveys and locations which have not
been returned to the said district courts, or either of them,
or in which no proceedings are pending in said district
courts, or either of them, for the purpose of contesting or
reforming the same, are hereby approved, and the land
therein surveyed confirmed to the claimants, or their as-
signs, respectively, in the samfi manner as if the same had
been acted on by the said district courts as hereinbefore
provided."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know the
reason for striking out that portion of the bill.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will simply state to the
Senator that this bill was prepared by the district
judge of California in relation to the location of
surveys, and was by him submitted to several of
the judges of the Supreme Court, who put their
approval on the back of the original bill, and
therefore it was passed through committee with
perhaps somewhat less scrutiny than it would
otherwise have been. On examination of the bill,
however, I find that these eight or nine lines pro-
vide for a general approval and confirmation of a
largo class of surveys, about which we are not
fully advised. It is acting somewhat too much in
the dark. 1 think it somewhat dangerous to in-
sert these lines which provide for the confirma-
tion and approval of all surveys which have not
been returned to the district courts, or in which
no proceedings are now pending. Until we know
what these surveys are, I should be disinclined to
pass such a general approval. I think it more
prudent not to do it; and that is the motive for
my amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I inquire if it is subject-
ing them to any other process, or giving them
greater advantages than any of the surveys that
may hereafter be made, to which there shall be
no objection filed?
Mr. BENJAMIN. It does not; but then there
has been 110 chance under this bill, as yet, to ob-
ject to those which I am striking out. As to all
others hereafter to be acted on, under the prop-
osition contained in the bill, all parties will be
allowed an opportunity of making opposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Have they not had that
opportunity heretofore ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. They have not, and for
that reason I think it would be improper to insert
this general clause.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I inquire for information,
because I am not familiar with it, what has been
the course with these surveys heretofore, in re-
gard to their approval—what process have they
gone through p
Mr. LATHAM. After they are returned to the
office of the surveyor general, he forwards them to
the Secretary of the Interior here. If a dispute
arises, the parties go into the district court and
there file a petition, praying for a mandamus on the
surveyorgeneral to send into court the surveys; al-
leging, of course, grounds of incorrectness and any
other grounds which may suggest themselves. The
parties then contest before the district judge rela-
tive to the correctness and accuracy of the survey,
whether it follows the decree of the Supreme
Court or the decree of the district court, if an
appeal has not been taken to the Supreme Court.
This bill remedies a defect. The court itself, while
in consideration of the question of boundary, was
met by the Department pursuing it also. The
two came necessarily in conflict; the Department
would not recognize the authority of the district
court to inquirelnto these surveys; and a question
arose at once as to the court's jurisdiction. This
bill has an effect to settle that controversy, and
vests authority in the court; and the Department
of the Interior will be bound by it when the ques-
tion of jurisdiction is settled by law. I think I
have answered fully.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will there not be some
provision necessary to bring surveys heretofore
made within the jurisdiction of the district court,
under this bill ? . .
Mr. LATHAM. I tlunk the general provisions
of the bill and the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Louisiana cover the case entirely.
They will all stand on the same footing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it will place them on
the same footing with the others, I shall make no
objection.
Mr. LATHAM. I so understand it.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I think perhaps I can
contribute some little to a satisfactory answer to
the question of the Senator from Maine.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I gave way for five min-
utes; ten have now elapsed, and I hope the Senate
will take up the special order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think now that this
amendment has been proposed, the bill had better
go over for further examination.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I wish to make a few
remarks. I may not be here to-morrow. The
law providing for the settlement of private land
claims in California, directing the mode of pro-
ceeding by which those claims were to be inves-
tigated and litigated between claimants and ther
United States, provided that the court should de-
cide upon the validity of the claim. That is the
only question submitted to the court by that act
of Congress, and that remains unaltered to this
day The court was to decide on the,validity of the
claim, and the surveyor general was afterwards to
go and survey the land accordingly. Of course,
under the decision of the court establishing the '
validity of a claim, the surveyor must make his
survey conformable to the concession and grant,
as his judgment may best dictate, on a view of the
ground to which the claim applies. I thought this
was a wise provision. I have been familiar with
a great deal of this land litigation, and I know
the trouble; I know the harassment; I know the
vexation of procuring the boundaries of entries
or of claims, to be ascertained when they become
the subject of adjudication. There is a math-
ematical certainty in respect to them, when you
make them the subject of judicial investigation,
that is difficult to be understood. It is a science
in the courts. I suppose that Congress intended
to avoid all this litigation. The claim was re-
garded as one between the United States and the
claimant alone, and Congress simply provided,
"if our courts shall decide your claim valid, then
the surveyor shall go and lay it down, and his
survey shall be conclusive." That is the law 0.
Congress and the whole law with respect to the
survey. It is to be returned when made, to the
surveyor general of California, and from there to
the General Land Office, and upon it a patent
issues.
Now, what has been the course in respect to
this matter? It is a very interesting subject for
Congress, and more deeply interesting to the peo-
ple of California. Instead of leaving it entirely
ns the law, according, I think, to a fair construc-
tion, intended, to the surveyor general only—a
high officer selected, or who ought to be selected,
not only for his character for intelligence and in-
tegrity, but for his scientific knowledge for sur-
veying—you find the courts and the Departments
interfering. If a claim is valid, the claimant has
a right to so much land, and the United States are
bound to grant it. Now, as between him and th
United States, it is no matter of consequence that
the lines run a little further north and a little less
south than they Ought to have done, so that the
man gets the quantity of land to which ho is en-
titled; and although the surveyor may have been
a little mistaken m the mathematical location of
the boundary, it is not a question for us, and it
is idle and wanton to involve us in it. This
seems to have been the policy of the law;andyet
our courts have undertaken, when they have de-
cided the validity of a claim, to order the sur-
veyor to go and survey it—a decree utterly un-
necessary, because the law provided for it. They
have gone further in some instances, and directed
how it shall be surveyed; and then, having di-
rected how it shall be surveyed, the survey has
1 een ordered into court, and the court undertakes
to examine its conformity or non-conformity to
the orisinal concession or grant, and there arises
a litigation the most interminable, as the gentle-
man °from Maine or any other gentleman will
perceive, and a fruitless litigation; for it is a litiga-
tion between the United States and the individual
011 a mere question of boundary lines. Whether
a grant of five thousand acres of land is surveyed
on the precise ground laid down by the conces-
sion is of 110 great consequence to us.
But the supervision ef these surveys is under-
taken not only by your courts, butitisundertaken
