1018
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 6,
nceted with the present Executive Department of this
Government, or by any person acting with their advice or
consent, to influence the action of this Hpuse, or 01 any of
its members, upon any question or measure upon which it
has acted, or which it has or may have under consideration,
directly or indirectly, by any promise, offer, or intimation
of employment, patronage, office, favors, or rewards, under
the Government, or under any depaitinent, officer, or ser-
vant thereof, to be conferred or withheld in consideration
of any vote given, or to be given, withheld, or to be with-
held ; with power to send for persons and papers, examine
witnesses, and leave to report at any time, by bill or other-
wise.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope there will be no ob-
jection to-the resolution. The charges are made
upon responsible names.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from New York whether we are to have
two special committees to investigate the same
subject? That is entire,y unnecessary.
Mr. CLEMENS. I rise to a point of order.
It is, that it is not competent for the gentleman
from New York to move to raise a special com-
mittee with regard to a matter already referred by
the House to the committee ordered yesterday.
There certainly must be some end to questions of
this kind.
Mr. HO^RD. These are special charges. The
others were not.
Mr. CLEMENS. To appoint this committee
will only tend to incur expense by an inquiry into
a matter embraced in the power of a committee
raised yesterday, on motion of the gentleman's
own party, at the head of which is the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode.] I desire to
make no objection to the resolution, but I do sug-
gest, as a measure of economy, that the resolu-
tion, though more specific, is embraced in the
resolutions of inquiry adopted yesterday, and
therefore it ought to be sent to that committee.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question
raised by the gentleman from Virginia is not ex-
actly a question of order. It directs itself to the
discretion of the House.
Mr. HOARD. I move the previous question.
Mr. CLEMENS. I move that the resolution
of the gentleman from New York be referred to
the select committee ordered yesterday.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from Virginia has not the floor to make the mo-
tion. The gentleman from New York has the
floor, and moves the previous question.
Mr. HOUSTON. Is the resolution before the
House ?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair so
understands it.
Mr. BRANCH. No one upon this side of the
House objects to the resolution.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am not going to object to
the resolution; but it seems to me, as the com-
mittee ordered yesterday has almost all of the
subject-matter of this resolution under considera-
tion, that the resolution might go to that commit-
tee most appropriately. And the gentleman from
New York has no objection, as I understand.
Mr. COVODE. I will explain the matter to
the gentleman from Alabama. It would appear
that the subject-matter of this resolution is covered
by the resolution I offered yesterday, and I will
state, for the purpose of avoiding any additional
expense, that wherever the duties of the two com-
mittees embrace the same subject, I will notliave
testimony taken under the resolution I offered.
Mr. FLORENCE. The House must know
that there is no necessity for these committees of
investigation. The Committee on Public Ex-
penditures had referred to them, the-other day,
some matters relating to the public printing. And
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Covode,]
yesterday, by his resolution, cut a very wide
swath, extending from the Atlantic to the Pa-
cific, and from th'e Arostook—where investiga-
tion is needed, if all wo hear be true—to the Ilio
Grande; and if he "gets through with alt that busi-
ness by the time the Tliirty-Sixth Congress ad-
journs, he will have all he can do.
So far as economy is concerned—though I am
in favor of economy everywhere—let them have
an investigation, thorough and complete, and then
we shall know whether there is any truth in these
charges or not. I am in favor of a thorough in-
vestigation; but the committee already ordered
have charge of the same matter.
Mr. BRANCH. I earnestly hope no objection
will be made upon this side of the House to the
resolution. Here are specific charges made upon
the responsibility of members upon this floor.
Members have risen in their places and made
charges of corruption upon the Administration.
The gentleman from New York asks for a com-
mittee to investigate those charges, and he ought
to have it. The country is entitled to an investi-
gation, and it ought not to be mixed up with the
investigation of charges of fraud against officials
in custom-houses, and those connected with the
public printing. I say that grave charges like
these, made upon grave authority, from respons-
ible sources, ought not to be sent to a committee
raised for the purpose of investigating official cor-
ruption in custom-houses and the like. I hope
the resolution will pass unanimously; that a com-
mittee will be raised, and that the charges will be
investigated, in order that, if true, the President
and his advisers may be held responsible: and if
false, that those who originated them may be held
responsible for their calumnies.
Mr. HOUSTON. The "gentleman from North
Carolina has made a very warm speech, seeming
to appeal to this side of the House to make no
objection to the introduction of the resolution, as
if objection had been made, or was contemplated
by some of his own friends. Why, sir, the speech
was wholly unnecessary. I do not understand
that any Democrat has intimated a desire to make
objection to the introduction of the resolution, or
has any such purpose; and therefore I do not
want the speech of the gentleman to go to the
country under circumstances from which an infer-
ence may be drawn, even remotely, that I desire,
or that any other Democrat desires, to object to
the resolution. I did wish, and I yet would pre-
fer, to have this resolution go to the select com-
mittee which was raised yesterday. That, in
my opinion, is the proper place for it. I appealed
to the gentleman from New York [Mr. Hoard]
to agree that the resolution be referred to the spe-
cial committee already ordered, because, in my
judgment, it should go there; but I do not intend
to object, nor have I understood that any one else
on this side of the House intended to object. If
the gentleman from New York refuses to allow it
to be sent to the committee already raised, then,
I say, Jot it take that course.
There is no disposition upon this side of the
House, nor has there beerhat any time, to smother
or prevent the investigation of charges against the
present Administration; butif gentlemen will look
at the resolutions adopted yesterday by the votes,
in large part, of members upon this side of the
House, they will see that any such charge is
groundless; so far from that being true, they have
directed the committee to extend their examina-
tion into Pennsylvania, and every other State,
district, or county, in this Union, to learn whether
money has been expended in elections; an*d if so,
by whom. Yes, sir; to send to the congressional
district of any member of this body, and bring
witnesses here to testify whether that Represent-
ative, or any of his friends, or any one else, had
expended any money in the congressional or any
other election- What character of resolution is
that? What sort of an inquiry is that which au-
thorizes your committee to send all over the States
of the Union, into every congressional district, to
inquire whether any candidate for any office, or
the friends of any such candidate, have expended
money in electioneering for their friend? Not
whether the President of the United States has
used money corruptly; not whether any officers
responsible to us have used money in elections
corruptly; but whether any one, I care not who
he may be, though he may be a private citizen,
not amenable to this House for his conduct, has
expended money in elections ?
Mr. Speaker, I wish to know whetherthe mem-
bers of that committee will, in the discharge of
their duty, examine into the statements made in
reference to the action of the late State treasurer
of the State of Maine, who I believe is acknowl-
edged to be a defaulter to the State to the amount
of many thousands of dollars, and who, it is said,
has admitted that he expended the money for
which he is a defaulter in efforts to carry the
Black Republican elections in the State of Maine?
I want to know whether the committee raised
yesterday will discharge its whole duty to the
country, according to-the terms of the resolution?
If it will, it must send into the State of Maine for
proper testimony to show what became of that
large amount of money, which, it is said, was used
in the elections in that State. And the committee
must not stop at that; it may be profitable to learn
something of the influences or means used in the
organization of this House. Some very strange
voting was done, and it may be well that the com- -
mittee investigate and let the House know all
about it—whether there has been any division of
spoils, or promises to divide; whether clerkships
or other offices have been used in producing an
organization. It may be that nothing of the kind
has been done; if so, let the committee ascertain
and report; and if otherwise, let us know it. Y our
Speaker, your Postmaster, your Doorkeeper,
your Clerk, your Printer, and your—but I will
not say your Chaplaiffto pray for you, for 1 sup-
pose you are aware that you need a good deal of
praying to be done for you, and you may have
exercised some fairness about that.
Mr. DUNN. I think I understood the gentle-
man from Alabama to say, that the Speaker had
made some bargain to secure his election. Will
the gentleman specify any charge? If he will,
and will propose a committee to investigate the
charge, I will vote for it.
Mr. HOUSTON. I said no such thing. I said
I wanted to know whether that committee would
inquire into the manner in which these elections
were brought about; and that is what, I must be-
lieve, every man who heard me understood me
as saying, except the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. DUNN. I want to ask you one question
more, if you please.
Mr. HOUSTON. I want the chairman of that
investigating committee to tell me this 
Mr. DUNN. You seem to think that you
were not misunderstood by any one but me.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suppose I was not, for
what I said was so plain, that I take it for granted
nobody but yourself misunderstood me.
Mr.'DUNN. Then 1 want to know why it
was that you mentioned the Speaker's name in
Connection with fraudulent con tractors, unless you
meant to be understood as charging him with
something of that kind ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I was referring to the organ-
ization of the House, including all the elections,
and expressed the desire that the investigating
committee would direct its attention to those elec-
tions, that tliey may learn how and why these
strange things were enacted, and results produced
such as we liave witnessed. I was going to call
the attention of the distinguished gentleman from
Pennsylvania 
Mr. COVODE. I will answer the gentleman
from Alabama as to anything he wants to know
from me. The gentleman from Alabama has
charged me with taking a range all over the elec-
tion districts of the United States. Let ine say
to the gentleman that within the last half hour a
distinguished Democrat from Pittsburg, Pennsyl-
vania, called me to the door to tell me that he
wanted me to subpenahimto come here and give
his testimony in regard to corruption at the elec-
tion there. [Criesof"Name!" "Name!" "Who
was he ?" " Give us his name!" from the Demo-
cratic benches.]
Mr. FLORENCE. Let us have his name by
all means. [Great uproar and confusion.]
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to proceed with my
remarks; but I would first like the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania to let us know who
this " distinguished Democrat" is. Will the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania favor us with the name
of that " distinguished" person?
Mr. COVODE. I will not; for I am afraid that
the ends of justice might be defeated by my doing
so. But here [pointing to a member behind him,
supposed to be Mr. Dawes] is the proof that
what I say is correct.
Mr. HOUSTON. That may be; but will you
let us know the name? The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania very boastingly took the floor, and stated
that he would answer any question I might ask
him. Now, it is certainly very strange"that he
declines to answer the first question I propound
to him. Let us hear the name of this " distin-
guished Democrat."
Mr. COVODE. You will get his name in the
report that the committee will make.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes, sir; we will get his
name then. I take it for granted that the gentle-
man thinks so; but he should not have proposed
in advance to answer questions, unless he had in-
tended to do so. That is a backing down which
