1962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
by your officers here in the Departments. The
Commissioner of the Land Office thinks he has a
right to supervise the action in some way. He ap-
plies his rule and compass; he applies his interpre-
tation of the concession; and if it is not just so, the
claimanthas great trouble here in getting his pat-
ent; but if he yields, the Secretary of the Interior,
who is at the head of the Department, as I under-
stand, supposes that he has a right to interfere.
"Well, now, in the midst of all these interfering au-
thoiities,when is the mosthonestclaimant in Cali-
fornia, whose claim has been pronounced valid,
to reach the end of that litigation which is to fix
the exact locality of the land ? Something ought to
be done. The interests of California demand and
require it. The interests of California demand and
require more, in my humble judgment. The in-
terests of California require—and it would be wise
end just and benevolent in the Congress of the
United States this day to pass a bill declaring that
every claim in California which had been con-
firmed by the land commissioners and the United
States district court of California, or by the United
States districtcourt, reversing the judgment of the
commissioners, should be confirmed; and all ap-
peals of those claimants to the Supreme Court of
► the United States should be dismissed only in
those cases wheie fraud 
Mr. CLINGrMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I am on the floor. I
do not know what right anybody has to interfere.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair was
about to put the question, as is the usual form,
to the gentleman entitled to the floor, whether he
yielded. The Chair asks the Senator from Ken-
tucky whether he yields the floor to the Senator
from North Carolina?
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I only want five min-
utes.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. I yielded the floor for five
minutes. Fifteen or eighteen have now elapsed;
but if the Senator only wants a few minutes, I
will not insist.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I would except only
from this universal confirmation by act of Con-
gress, cases which were objected to on the ground
of the genuineness or authenticity of claim.
Cases which were impeached for fraud might still
go on to the end of the law. But California pre-
sents the only political community that ever the
world saw where every foot of land was by com-
pulsion of law brought into litigation,and every
landholder in the country made party to a law-
suit. That ia the position. The world before
never showed it. There is not a man in California
that claims under title of its original Government
—Spain or Mexico—one foot of land that is not
put under litigation by (heart of Congress. It is
one universal lawsuit, u>vonng every acre of land
in California. No conqueror ever proposed such
terms. It was done with benevolent purposes,
and m a benevolent spirit. This is the result of
it. They are all in law; not only in law there,
but are to go from court to court, until finally
the cases come to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
te! States to be decided; and after that, accord-
ing to the modern practice, a new series of liti-
gation is to be introduced, when ihe validity of
the claim is established, as to the exactitude with
winch the survey ought to be laid down on the
ground—a still more distressing and prolonged
litigation. If ever the condition of a people de-
manded the interposition of their Government, to
save them from being consumed by law and law
suits, it is the State of California.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The further
consideration of this hill is postponed, for the
consideration of the special order; being the res-
olutions offered some time since by the Senator
from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis;] on which thf
Senator from North Carolina has the floor.
"RELATIONS OF STATES.
The Senate accordingly resumed the consider-
ation of the following resolutions, submitted by
All. Davis on the 1st of March:
1. Revolted. That, in the adoption of the Federal Consti-
tution, the States adopting the same acted severally as free
and independent sovereignties, delegating a portion of their
pow er< to be ex< rcised by the Fedeial Government for the
increased security «f each against dangers, domestic as well
as loreign : and that any intermeddling by any one or more
States, or by a combination of their citizens, with the do-
mestic institafons of the other*, on any pretext whatever,
political, moral, or religions, with a view to their disturb-
ance or subversion, i  m violation of the Constitution, in-
sulting to the States so interfered with, endangers their
domestic peace and tranquillity—objects for which the
Constitution was formed—and, by necessary consequence,
tends to weaken and destroy the Union itself.
2. Resolved, That negro slavery, as it exists In fifteen
States of this Union, composes an important portion of
their domestic institutions, inherited from their ancestors,
and existing at the adoption of the Constitution, by which
it is recognized as constituting an important element m the
apportionment of powers among the States; and that no
changc of opinion or feeling on the part of the non-slave-
holding States of the Union, in relation to this institution,
can justify them, or their citizens, in open or covert attacks
thereon, with a view to its ovcrthiow; and that all such
attacks are in manifest violation of the mutual and solemn
pledge to protect and defend each other, given by the States
respectively on entering into the constitutional compact
which formed the Union, and are a manliest breach of faith,
and a violation of the mo-^t solemn obligations.
3. Resolved, That the Union of these States rests on the
equality ot rights and privileges among its members; and
that it is especially the duty of the Senate, which repre-
sents the States in their sovereign capacity, to resist all
attempts to discriminate either in relation "to pet sons or
property in the Territories, which are the common posses-
sions of the United States, so as to give advantages to the
citizens of one State which are not equally assuied to those
of eveiy other State.
4. Resolved, That neither Congress nora Teintorial Le-
gislature. whether by direct legislation or legislation of an
indirect and unfiiendly character, possess power to annul
or impair the constitutional light of any citizen of the United
Ktaten to take his slave property into the common Terri-
tories, and there hold and enjoy the same while the terri-
torial condition remains.
5. Resolved, That if experience should at any lime prove
that the judicial and executive authority do not possess
means to m^uie adequate piotection to constitutional rights
- ia a Teiritoiy, and n the teiritoiial government should fail
or refuse to piovide the necessity remedies for that pur-
pose, it will be the duty of Congress to supply such defi-
ciency.
6. Itaolved, That the inhabitants nf a Teiritory of the
United States, when they rightfully foim a constitution to
be admitted aa a State into the L'mon, may then, lor the
fiist time, like the people of a State when foimmg a new
constitution, decide for themselves whether slavery, as a
domestic institution, shall be maintained or prohibited
Within then juusdiction; and " they shall be received into
the Union with or without slavery, a-, their constitution
may pioscribe at the time of their admission.M
7. Resolved, That the piovision of the Constitution for
the i emiiiiou of fugitives from t<ervicc or labor, without the
adoption of which the Union could not have been formed,
and that the laws of 17913 and 1850, which were enacted to
secure its execution, and the main featuics of which, being
similar, bcai the impress of nearly seventy years of sanc-
tion by the highest judicial authority, should be honestly
and faithfully obsetved and maintained by all who enjoy
the benefits of our compact of union ; and that all acts of
individuals or of State legislatures to defeat the purpose or
nullify the requirements of that provision, and the laws
made m pursuance ot it, aic hostile m character, subvcisive
of the Constitution, and revolutionary m their elfeet.
Mr. CL1NGMAN. Mr. President, I hope I
shall not find it necessary to occupy much of tho
time of tho Senate. "When I commenced last even-
ing 1 thought i should he able to conclude very
soon; but finding that the explanations which 1
wished to make would take a little more time than
I had anticipated, I gave way for a motion to ad-
journ. I will now express as rapidly, as 1 can,
my impressions on this question; and it is, per-
haps, duo to myself to say that, on the 9th of
January, 1857, 1 published a letter indicating my
views on the whole subject, in which 1 took the
position that this Government had a right and
was bound to protect property in the Territories,
but could not abolish or exclude it, and that a
Territorial Legislature could have no greater power
than Congress, which created the Territory. In
that letter I said:
" The right to legislate over thf Tcmtoucs of the United
States lias, by some persons, beendeuved fiom that clause
of the Constitution which authorize* Congirs^ to dispose
oi and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the
territoiy or other pioperty of the united States. Others
maintain that, as an incident to the powt r to admit new
Slates, the right to piepaie the Temtoiy for the condition
of a ^tate authorizes legislation..
'• It neither of these clauses should be deemed sufficient
to authonzc legislation, then it may be contended that, in
the fnst place, it must now be admitted as a settled mat-
;! tor, that tiic Government of the United States is capable of
:i acquiring terutory b> tieaty, conquest, or discovery, and of
], holding or cxpteismg authority over the same. 15ut the
|j Government derives all of its powers from the Constitution;
j] and, but for thilt instrument, the 1'iesident, the Senators,
|j and moinheisof Congress, would have no more powerovcr
lj the teintory than any other set of people, three bundled
|! in number.
j " It is, however, universally admitted that the Govern-
I ment of the United States i-, only a tiu<tee of power, or
i j agent for the people of the United States, and must exer-
|| ci«e its authont) for their benefit. As the Government de-
■\ nves its power solely from the Constitution, it cannot go
'i beyond that mstiument. and is bound by its limitations
therefore. It could not, for example, in the Territory, grant
titles of nobility, establish religion, abridge the freedom of
speech or of the ptess, &c. Whichever of the^e three
sources of power be assumed as the tiue one, it seems clear
that Congress and the President, in holding the teintory, or
exercising jurisdiction ovet it, can only legislate to the ex-
tent required to protect the interest of the Government and
of the people of tho, United States. The preservation of its
own property, and the protection of the property and per-
sonal rights of the people, limit the extent of its powers.
It is bound, however, to legislate, or 4 make needful lules,'
to that extent.
'•AD enters the Territory with his wife, child, horse, and
slave. These are taken away from him by force, and lie
is himself imprisoned. Now, it is obvious that there should
be laws to pioteet his own liberty, and also his right to the
possession of his wife, child, horse, and slave. Hence, it
follows that theie must be powei in Congress to legislate
on the subject of slavery as well as in relation to wives,
children, and horses. It is clear that the Government has
power to pioteet these rights. Canitgoturther? The Con-
stitution declares, thati puvate pioperty shall not be taken
for public use [even] without just compensation.7 The
Government cannot, therefore, take my pioperty, or, what
is the same thing, release another fiom an obligation tome,
winch is in the nature of propeity. While it may protect,
it cannot destroy peisonal lights.
" It must be remembered, however, that every Mave in
the United States is necessarily the pioperty of some per-
son ; but, as the Government of the United States cannot
destroy or take away property, it cannot, of course, change
the relation of any one in these respects. If a peiton is
under obligation to serve me for life, or a shorter term, he
cannot be released fiom that obligation by Congress, be-
cause it cannot take my property by any law that it can
pass, whether that law is to operate in a State or Teiri-
toiy. In the latter it is bound to preserve, that is, protect,
existing rights; but it cannot destroy theig. If, therefore,
its power is limited to the preservation ot rights now in
being, such a law as the Missouri compromise, which would
destroy rights that already exist in certain citizens, would
be unconstitutional, since it might, and in faet must, ne-
cessarily mtei fere with property in slaves. It seems to me
that these propositions cover the whole giound of contffo-
versy; and hence, if they are held to be true, Congress can-
not, except 'for public use,' and with 'just compensa-
tion,1 deprive any person of an obligation on another, or
declare that the ownei's right to his slave shall not be rec-
ognized in any Territory oi the United States. And if Con-
gress has not the power ltselt, then it cannot delegate it;
and hence the Kansas-Nebiaska bill doc* not cairy with
it anj( such power."
I yesterday alluded to the opinions of Mr. Cal-
houn. It is perhaps right that I should say that,
in tho very same speech from which I read, he
expressed the opinion that a Territorial Legisla-
ture had no right to exclude slavery, or to legis-
late against it. I concur with hun m that. He
also, i think almost uniformly, perhaps invari-
ably, held that Congress had a right and ought to
protect ail property in tho Territories subject to
its jurisdiction; but he waived that right in his
speech, to which I referred, and in his support of the
Clayton compromise bill, which passed at the same
session of Congress, and only a few weeks after-
wards, he again waived it. By the provisions of
that bill, Congress did not legislate at all in rela-
tion to slavery in the Territories, but transferred
the subject to the Territorial Legislature, with an
inhibition that they should have no power to
abolish or establish slavery—those were the term a
—but saying nothing as to how far they might
legislate. It turned over the whole subject to
them, and left them to legislate,subject,of course,
to the control of the courts. That was the prom-
inent idea of that bill.
Now, sir, one other remark in connection with
the first point which I made. During the discua-
I sion of 1850 1 insisted that if gentlemen would
' come forward andicpcal the Missouri restriction,
and throw open all the territory, 1 would agree
to take it; and m fact, in a speech in the House
of Representatives,! agreed to vote for this princi-
ple if they would remove the restriction up to
the fortieth parallel, from 36° 30', considering
that sufficient compensation. It was not done,
however, and I opposed the scheme. But, in
1854, the northern portion of the Democratic
party, with great magnanimity and with great risk
to themselves, came up and repealed this old re-
striction. In doing that they had to encounter
prejudices at home; they had to take upon their
shoulders the responsibility of repealing a line
which had been regarded as sanctified by thirty-
four years' existence, and which was called a
compromise. They had the manliness, in car-
rying out this principle of non-intervention, to
come forward and repeal that line. Why1 It
was in order that all the territory might be placed
upon the same footing; and i hold that after that
sacrifice upon thei/part; that willingness to
carry out this compromise, begun in 1850, in-
dorsed in 1852 by the Democratic and also by
the Opposition convention, wc of tho South were
under the highest obligations to stand to it. Now,
sir, I make no reflection on any honorable Sena-
tor who differs from mc on this question. I do
them all the justice to say that, if they looked
upon it as I do, as a compromise, I am very sure
