2906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 12,
dian reservation. He applied to the Governmcntto
be indemnified for the improvements he had made
upon the lands. The Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, after a very full and careful examination of
the question, were, I believe, unanimously of the
opinion that he had no relief as against the Gov-
ernment; that when he settled upon the land, he
did it with a full knowledge of the fact that it
might be appropriated by the Government as an
Indian reservation. The committee were of the
opinion that he had no remedy as a matter of law,
and that if he received any relief, it would be
purely a gratuity upon the part of Congress. This
was a case arising, if I mistake not, in Oregon;
and the committee reported against the bill.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I hope this
will not be taken out of my time.
. The CHAIRMAN. As the gentleman from
Washington yielded the floor, it will be taken
from his time.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I say that
we have the action of Congress, both in Oregon
and Washington, sustaining the view I have ex-
pressed. The claims of settlers on lands taken
by the Government for reservations, both in Or-
egon and Washington, were recognized in direct
terms by Congress. Thus, in regard to claims on
an Indian reservation at the head of Paget Sound,
it was provided by the act approved March 3,1857:
"That a part of said sum not exceeding $5,917 may, by
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, be applied fin the
payment of the just value of land'', inipiovoinents,and pre-
emption claims, owned by whites located within the In-
dian reservation, established on the south hide of the Com-
mencement Bay, in Washington Territory, toi the I'ayakop
and other bands of Indiana in the relinquishment of said
lands, improvements, and claims to the United States."
We have a number of precedents in the legis-
lation of Congress taking the very ground as to
the law of the case which I have endeavored to
explain here.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr, STEVENS, of Washington, by unani-
mous consent, withdrew his amendment.
Mr. STOUT. I renew the amendment of the
gentleman fiom Washington, for the purpose of
saying a word.
I know that much time has already been spent
in discussing this matter; but I believe the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, as well as the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, arc laboring under an
error in regard to what aie the legal rights of the
parties for whom we here claim compensation.
These parties who had settled upon these lands,
and who were deprived of their farms by the art
of the Government, held their lands by the same
title by which neailynll the lands occupied by
private individuals in Washington and Oregon are
held; and if these parties are entitled to no lelief,
then no man m Oregon or Washington has a title
to his land which is worth a cent against a Gov-
ernment agent who wishes to drive him from it.
These parties settled upon their lands in accord-
ance with an act of Congress, before any Indian
treaties were made. They were there legally in
possession when they were driven off, and have
the right to be remunerated by the Government.
Government agents aie too much accustomed to
the practice of taking any man's possessions in
Oregon and Washington when their own fancy
prompts them. It has frequently been done.
Mr. ETHERIDGE. I was speaking alone
with referenccto land whichhadnotbccnpatented
or granted by the Government.
Mr. SI OUT. The donation law of 1850 pro-
vides that, where a party had lived upon land for
four years, he should be entitled to a patent for a
certain quantity of land: and by that act, if he had
resided upon the same land for four years con-
tinuously, previous and up to the time of the pas-
sage of the act, he could obtain his title at once;
so that there were many residents in Oregon and
Washington who were entitled to their land do-
nated under this act in 1850; and I have no doubt
that some of these parties, whose lands were taken
away for an Indian reservation, settled upon them
under these circumstances, and were entitled to
receive patents from the Government when their
lands were taken.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I move that the com-
mittee rise for the purpose of closing debate upon
the Senate amendment to this bill. It is now
nearly ten o'clock, and we shall not get through
at all, unless we can stop the debate.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will
not propose to close debate upon all these amend-
ments.
Mr. STOUT. I suppose I am not entitled to
discuss the motion of the gentleman from Georgia;
but I hope he will permit me to suggest that this
is about the first occasion when any gentleman
from the Pacific coast has endeavored to occupy
the attention of the House. These are important
questions for our people, and I hope we shall at
least have the opportunity of explanation, though
it may have been predetermined that all we may
say shall be of no avail.
Mr. UNDERWOOD. I will modify my prop-
osition so that the committee shall rise for the pur-
pose of closing debate upon this specific amend-
ment of the Senate.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question then recurred upon the amend-
ment submitted by Mr. Stout.
Mr. STANTON. I propose to say a word
in opposition to the amendment of the gentle-
man fiom Oregon. If I understand the question
properly, it seems to me the gentleman from
Washington and the gentleman from Oregon arc
clearly right in the view taken by them. As I
understand it, by a law of Congress, the United
States undertook to grant six hundred and forty
acres of land to the head of a family, or two hun-
dred and twenty acres to a single person, upon
the condition of settlement and occupancy for the
term of four years. Now, if these persons have
gone on and occupied the land in good faith for
the purpose of obtaining a title from the Gov-
ernment under this law of Congress, they have
thereby acquired a title which wc are bound to rec-
ognize. If this Government afterwards chooses
to take lands so occupied for Indian reservations,
it seenjs to me the least it can do is to pny the
settlers for the improvements they have made;
and that is what I understand is contemplated by
the amendment of the Senate.
Now, we may have inaugurated a very fool-
ish land policy in disposing of these lands !n Ore-
gon and Washington without getting any money
for them; but after we have undertaken to grant
titles upon the simple condition of settlement and
occupancy, and our citizens have gone there in
good faith, and settled upon lands which the Gov-
ernment has afterwards taken for reservations, it
is very strange if the party whose land has been
taken away from him is not entitled to the value
of the improvements he has made.
Mr. STOUT, by unanimous consent, withdrew
his amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the Senate by adding:
Provided. That bcfoic any of thi<« sum shall be paid, the
Secreurv of itio Intcrioi shall ascertain, by a commission
to be appointed for that purpose, the actual value of the
impiovements so made.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I hope the
gentleman will not prevent the payment also of
of the value of the lands.
Mr. CURTIS. Very well, I will include in my
amendment also the actual value of the lands
taken.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
Iowa will not provide forany more commissions.
I think wc have had enough of them.
Mr. CURTIS. Then I will modify my amend-
ment so that the Secretary of the Interior shall be
satisfied in reference to the value of the improve-
ment and lands before any payment shall be au-
thorized to be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment proposes
to recognize a very important principle. I do not
think we ought to adopt it without full considera-
tion.
Mr. CURTIS. I do not think there is any
doubt that we have adopted the principle in our
policy so far as Washington and Oregon are con-
cerned.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon the
amendment of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Curtis.]
Mr. STANTON. I think that amendment goes
a little too far.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted upon
it, and a division has been called for.
Mr. BRANCH. I wish to inquire, if we adopt
the amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Iowa, and then vote to non-concur with the Sen-
ate amendment, whether the amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa falls with it?
The CHAIRMAN, ltfallswiththeamendment
of the Senate.
Mr. ALDRICH. Will it be in order to move
to amend the amendment of the gentleman from
Iowa?
The CHAIRMAN. It would be in order.
Mr. ALDRICH. I move to amend, by insert-
ing after the word "commission," the words
"satisfactory proof of."
I desire to state to the committee that the prin-
ciple of this amendment has been recognized in
Minnesota. In making a new treaty with the
Winnebago Indians, by which they were re-
moved from one reservation to another, the same
principle was provided for in the treaty. It pro-
vided that those who had settled upon the lands
which were taken for the Indian reservation,
should be remunerated for their improvements. I
would state further, that the Committee o"n In-
dian Affairs have recognized this principle this
session, in their decision of a case whicu arose
in Nebraska. The chairman of the committee
was mistaken in saying that it arose in Oregon or
Washington Territory. A bill was reported
from the committee to remunerate and pay a set-
tler for his improvements, and that bill is now
upon the Private Calendar. It pays the settler
for the improvements which he can prove that he
made upon the land before it was taken by the
Government for an Indian reservation.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I will say
to the committee that it is not fair to compare Or-
egon and Washington Territory with Minnesota.
The state of facts is entirely different. The prin-
ciple has been recognized and carried out m all
the States and Territories this side of the Rocky
Mountains, that a settler has no right to go upon
Indian lands. But it was different all along the
western coast. Congress has declared, by express
law, that all the lands of California are public
lands.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where is the law for that ?
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I have not
the law before me, but I can show it to the gen-
tleman. I submit to my friend from Minnesota
that wc ought to give to these settlers the value
of their lands, as well as of their improvements.
Mr. ALDRICH. I would state to the gentle-
man, and to the committee, that the lands in Min-
nesota, to which I referred, were lands subject to
preemption, which makes it a very differentcase.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I was not
aware of that. I simply wanted to present the
fact to the committee, that the principle has been
recognized by legislation, that settlers, under such
circumstances, were entitled to their lands. And
the principle has been recognized by the action of
the Committee on Public Lands this session in a
bill they reported for the relief of an individual
whose lands and improvements had been taken
from him for public purposes. They recognized
the principle that he was entitled to his lands as
well as to his improvements.
Mr. VANDEvER. I wish to make a single
statement, in reference to the case alluded to by
the gentleman from Washington, as far as the
action of the Committee on Public Lands is
concerned. The question was up before the com-
mittee, and they viewed it in this light: that the
settlers who had originally gone to Oregon and
Washington Territories, had gone there under the
stimulus of an act passed by Congress, providing
for the giving of six hundred and forty acres of
land to those who should go out into those distant
Territories in advance of settlement and of popu-
lation; and providing for the extinguishment of
the Indian titles to those lands. If, by the action
of the Government, any portion of these lands
occupied by settlers is made an Indian reserva-
tion, it is but an act of simple confiscation by the
Government, not only as to the improvements,
but as to the land itself, to take the land without
any compensation. I have given afair statement
of the case in a nutshell.
Mr. REAGAN. I move to add the words " and
land," after the word "improvement." I pre-
sume, if we understood the facts in reference to
the matter we are acting upon, our conclusions
would be very easily come to. It is assumed
that under the act of Congress which gave set-
tlers the right to acquire a section of six hundred
and forty acres of land by residence of four
years on it, they acquirc title; if that be so, they
had an equitable title from the time of settlement,
