1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1963
they would not seek to disturb it. Taking the
view of it I do, believing that the two parties sot-
tied down upon non-intervention, I feel it to be
my duty to adhere to it in the absence of any
great pressing necessity which would justify its
abandonment.
Mr. President, what are the poiptsof difference
between the two parties? The Senator from Mis-
sissippi, if I read his resolutions aright, does not
propose to favor intervention by Congress to pro-
tect slavery in the Territories at this time; but he
declares if it should turn out hereafter that the
existing laws are not sufficient to protect it under
the Constitution, he is then for legislation. What
do those who oppose his resolutions say ? The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Pugh] and the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Douglas] say that if, here-
after, the courts shall make decisions which can-
not be carried out without legislation, they will
legislate to carry them out. The Senator from
Mississippi says that the Dred Scottdecision has
settled the question, and he wants a declaration
that we mean to legislate in future. These gen-
tlemen, admitting, as they must, that the judges
have, in the Dred Scott case, expressed their opin-
ion that a Territorial Legislature cannot legislate
adversely to slavery, say, however, that point in
fact was not presented in the case; that it was not
argued in the case; but that, if such was the set-
tled opinion of the court, when a proper case is
directly presented it will so decide; and they stand
ready to carry out that decision of the court when
it shall be made.
Then, do we not all come together on the same
point? The Senator from Mississippi says that
jf the court makes decisions which cannot be en-
forced without legislation, he is for legislation.
These gentlemen say that when the court does
make decisions, they will submit to them and
carry them out. It seems, therefore, that they are
traveling in lines that will converge and come to-
gether at some point. Then, why wrangle now
in advance?
This may be readily illustrated.^Suppose I
have a controversy with a neighbor about the title
to a piece of land. Neither of us is in a hurry
to have possession. We arc willing to await the
decision of the court. He comes to me, however,
and says: *{I find that the court, in expressing
an opinion in another case, which I admit is not
like ours, and does not present the same facts, has
declared, nevertheless, that in,a case like yours
and mine my title would be good, and therefore
1 wish you to give me a deed acknowledging my
title to be good, though I do not want possession
now, and am willing to wait for it until the case
is decided." I reply to him, " I admit that the i
court may have expressed such an opinion, but
the point between us did not arise in that case,
was not argued by my counsel or any other coun-
sel; all I ca# say to you is, if that be the opinion
of the court, of course, when they decide our case,
they will decide in your favor, and I shall then
surrender to you; but I am not willing to assume
beforehand that the court will so decide." It
seems to me, then, Mr. President, that in the
present condition of the case there is no necessity
for ill-feeling on either side, or for declarations in
advance.
My second point was, that New Mexico had
already established a slave code and given us more
territory than we should have gotten under the
Missouri line, if carried out. I come nowio the
third point, and that is, what has grown out of
the decision of the court in the Dred Scott case.
When this subject was under debate in 1850, we
of the South objected to non-intervention on the
ground that it would leave the Mexican law in
force; and inasmuch as the Supreme Court had
maintained the opinion in a case from Florida,
and perhaps in some other decisions, that where
ten itory was acquired the local law might remain
in force, wc were disinclined to take non-interven-
tion without a repeal of the Mexican law. During
that interesting controversy, we held a caucus of
southern members, consisting of Senators and
Representatives, and on that occasion the Senator
from Georgia, who usually sits behind me, [Mr.
Toombs,] introduced a proposition into our caucus
that we would support the compromise measures
if they would repeal the Mexican laws and sub-
stitute the British colonial laws which prevailed
in our colonies prior to the Revolution. That was
adopted, and that gentleman moved it in the House
of Representatives as an amendment, but it was
defeated. I am free to say that if at that time we
had been satisfied that the court would hold that
under the Constitution slave property could exist
and be protected in the Territories, without refer-
ence to local laws, I am very sure we should all
have voted for the compromise of 1850.
If it be true, as the Senator from Mississippi
contends, that the Dred Scott decision settles the
question and supports the right of a slaveholder
in aTerritory, then there is another strong reason
why we should acquiesce in non-intervention at
this time. This, therefore, is a third reason; and I
now propose to give one or two others why a per-
son like myself, who originally did not adopt it,
may now be for it.
It has been adopted as the policy of the country
for ten years. Can we now pass through resolu-
tions or bills to establish or protect slavery in the
Territories? That is the question. Recollect,itis
only in a case where the people of aTerritory are
hostile to our rights; it is only where they are so
hostile that they refuse to protect us, or even
legislate against us, that we have been called upon
to exercise this power. Nobody pretends that
there is any necessity for our going into New
Mexico, or other Territories that are favorable to
us, with this legislation. Therefore, the question
presented is simply this: suppose a Territory is
hostile to us, and its Legislature will not protect
slave property, or even legislates against it, will
Congress intervene? First, is there any political
possibility that wc can pass such a law through
the two Houses ? We have had a test on the ques-
tion already. Here is the Territory of Kansas,
which not only does not give us any protection,
but which,! am informed, has legislated adversely.
One Senator from Mississippi (Mr. Brown] has
brought forward a proposition to interfere for the
protection of slavery in that Territory, and yet 1
believe he has not gotten one southern man to back
him; and if you were to submit the question to a
body of southern Senators I have very greatdoubt
whether you would get them to agree to such
legislation. Why is it? If wc of the South are
willing to impose the institution—that is the com-
mon phrase—on a Territory against the wish of a
majority,why is it that gentlemen do notcome up
and support the proposition of the Senator from
Mississippi? Is it because it is ft* It that it is po-
litically and morally wrong to interfere in this
way ? Is that it, or is it because gentlemen know
that such legislation would be unavailing? I ask
why we have not induced southern Senators yet
to come up and vote for the establishment or pro-
tection of slavery in Kansas, notwithstanding the
adverse legislation of the territorial authorities? I
leave every gentleman to give hi? own reasons.
But suppose every southern Senator went for it, ;
wc coulu not pass it; and how many northern men j
are there who are ready to vote for iO How many :
northern members are there in the othei House for
it? It will take thirty noithem Representatives to
pass through such a bill. Wo all know what a
clamor was raised two or three years ago by the
Abolitionists—falselymised—when itwas alleged
that Congress intended to force slavery upon the
Territory of Kansas, whether it wished it or not.
Now, if wc undertake to protect or maintain sla-
very m aTerritory against the wish of the inhab-
itants, I ask you how many northern men are
likely to sustain us in it? At present we have no
southern men for it that I know of except one.
There may be others: but they have not thought
proper, after a debate of thiec months, to state the
fact. But suppose they come up and do it, how
many men will you get from the North5 1 hold
that it is a political impossibility that we should
pass such a measure; and. as 1 shall presently
endeavor to show, nothing but mischicf will re-
sult fiom the attempt.
But suppose there were nothing ift this fourth
objection of mine, and that Congress should act-
ually pass a law of that sort, how much would it
be worth in a Territory where the _ people are
thoroughly adverse to it and unwilling that the
institution should exist or be protected? If you
are going to enforce the law, you must send either
an army or an immense number of officials, and
scatter them ail over the Territory. Gentlemen :
know now how difficult it is to get a runaway j
negro from the free States. From some of these j
States you can only get him by the help of an j
army. It was stated the other day, in a speech by i
amemberofthe Republican party,who, Isuppose, |
knows—I mean Mr. Raymona, who was once 1
LieutenantGovernor of New York—that of the
runaways who went to the North, not one in five
hundred over got back; and yet it is much easier
to send a posse or a body of troops there to got
a single negro at one point and return him, than
it would be to support an army and protect it
over a whole Territory. But, nevertheless, sup-
pose you could maintain it there, what then?
Everybody on our side of the House admits that
when they make a State constitution, they have a
right to exclude it. Have you, or I, or any other
man, the least doubt that when such a people
made a State constitution they would make it
anti-slavery ? Any community on earth who had
had forced upon them a system to which they
were adverse would inevitably throw it off when
they could. What would be the result? Every
State brought into the Union under these circum-
stances would not only be a free State, but would
probably be abohtionized; probably strong anti-
slavery features would be thrown into its consti-
tution. What advantage is that to us of the South,
I ask gentlemen ? Wc would like to have slave
States; they would give us additional strength
in the two Houses of Congress; but slave Terri-
tories are worth nothing to us—they give us no
strength. We should like to have slave Territo-
ries that might be formed into slave States; but if
we can only have them under a system which is
almost sure to make them germinate into free and
hostile States, they are of no advantage whatever
to us.
I have now, Mr. President, given some five
reasons why, in my judgment, even if non-inter-
vention had not been right originally,it would be
the true policy now; but gentlemen say, if it is
our right to have protection, let us insist upon it.
I take it for granted that every man believes he
has rights which he cannot insist on at all times.
No man will insist on an abstract, remote sort of
right which he can turn to no practical advantage,
and thereby merely incur very great losses. If a
man believed that he had a certain valuable prop-
erty in the moon, nobody would expect him to
attempt to get at it there either by balloons or
otherwise. Everybody would regard it as an
impossibility, and any expenditure of time and
money that he made to effect it would be regarded
as thrown away. I am free to say that, in my
judgment, there is about as much probability of
effecting a thing of that sort as there is of getting
through Congress and maintaining a system of
legislation to protect slavery in Territories that
are «o utterly hostile to it that they make their
Legislature act against it, and then to bring them
in as slaveholdmg States. One is a political, the
other a physical impossibility. I think we shall
lose by the operation; and this brings me to
another class of objections.
If we take this system of congressional inter-
vention for the protection of slavery, we must act
in opposition to the settled policy of the Demo-
cratic party for the last trn years. Then you
necessarily divide the party. The movement will
not divide our opponents; they will all stand as
they now do, firmly united against us; but we
shall divide our own party into two sections; and
I beg leave to call the attention of Senators to the
fact that, on looking over the resolutions adopted
in the Democratic conventions of the free States—
and I have examined all of them but one—every
single one of them, as far as I know or believe,
has declared in favor of the Cincinnati platform,
and non-intervention. So have many of the south-
ern States likewise. If we adopt a diffeicnt pol-
icy, all these gentlemen must change their ground
at once,or be driven out of the party. I ask you,
Mr. President, can they maintain them selves be-
fore their opponents under this disadvantage?
Suppose, for example, the delegation from Penn-
sylvania go home from a convention where the
policy of intervention has been adopted: how will
their opponents meet them ? Their Republican
opponents will say to them: " you have all been
fiarhting for ten years upon the principle of non-
intervention, and at your State convention, last
March, you passed resolutions, without division,
unanimously declaring that Congress had no
power to legislate on the subject of slavery in the
Territories; and that it would not be expedient
for them to exercise it, if they had it; you went
to the national convention, and the slave power
