I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2907
which was to bo perfected by a grant at the end
of the four years. It cannot be assumed that
Government ought not to pay for these lands
because they gave them to the settlers. It mat-
ters not how settlers got the title, so that they
acquired it. After they acquired it, the Govern-
ment could not divest the title out of a citizen
without compensation. Now, if Government has
assumed to take his land for an Indian reserva-
tion—and it is the duty of the Government to
pay for it, if the settlers had title—I do not mean
to pass upon that, because I have not the neces-
sary information upon which to base a sound
judgment. But I presume the amendment of the
Senate is based upon the idea that the settlers had
an equitable or legal title; and that, in their judg-
ment, it was improper for the Government to
divest them of it, without just compensation to the
owners of the land. It is possible, however, that
some additional proviso should be made, for the
purpose of ascertaining the title of the individuals
and of protecting the rights of the Government.
The amendment of Mr. Reagan was notagreed
to.
The amendment of Mr. Aldrich was net agreed
to.
The amendment of Mr. Curtis was notagreed
to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
the Senate, the question was put; and the amend-
ment was not concurred in.
Seventy-fifth amendment:
Insert the following:
For completing Llnj building of the grist and saw-mills at
Leech Lake, for the Pillager and Lake Winnebagoshisll
bands of Chippewas, piovided for under the third article of
the treaty with the Chippewa Indians of the 2February,
1855, (see Statutes at Large, voiume ten, page 1168,) $2,500.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommcnd a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-sixth amendment:
Insert the following:
For pay of an pngmcrr for one year, $600.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-seventh amendment:
Insert the following:
For the purchase ot seven hundred and ninety-four sev-
enty-five one hundredths acres of land, owned by the Mis-
sionary Society ot the Muthodi.st Episcopal Church, at Iro-
quois Point, Michigan, for certain hands of Ottawas and
Chippewa*, at the usual Government price, §993 44.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventy-eighth amendment:
Insert the following:
For the payment to Spunk or Bull Frog, alias Joseph
Henson, the amount of §400 for his valuation of an im-
provement undoi the Choctaw treaty ot 18*1.>. in pursuance
of the provision of tile twenty-fourth section of the act of
Maiell 3, 1855, making appropriations tortile civil and dip-
lomatic expenses of the Government, $100.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to move to
amend that amendment by striking out the word
"Choctaw," and insert in lieu thereof the word
" Cherokee."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. With that amendment the
Committee of Ways and Means recommend a
concurrence.
The amendment, as amended, was concurred in.
Seventy-ninth amendment:
Insert the following:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in the Tei'ntorv of Utah, pi csents of goods, agncuituial im-
plements, and other u-.ctul articles, including tlic traveling
expenses of the superintendent, agents, clerk lure, &c.,
$45,000.
The CHAIRMAN. The Committee of Ways
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Eightieth amendment:
Insert the following:
For purveying and mapping four farms and reservation^,
$1,200.
The CHAIRMAN. TheCommitteeofWays
and Means recommend a non-concurrence.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Eighty-first amendment:
For the general incidental expenses of the Indian service
in Oregon and Washington, including insuranoe and trans-
portation of annuities, goods, and presents, where no spe-
cial provision is made by treaties, and oftiee and traveling
expenses of the superintendent, agents, and sub-agent3,for
the year ending 30th June, 1861, §35,000.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended no n-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Mr. Chair-
man, I might ask the question, what has been the
object of making appropriations to carry out In-
dian treaties, and to pay the salaries of superin-
tendents and agents? There are no funds appro-
priated excepting those to enable the service to
be performed. When the Committee of Ways
and Means recommcnd non-concurrence in this
amendment, it is recommending to the House to
give to the Indian agents no means of transacting
their duties. It is to allow them no incidental
expenses, no clerk hire, no office rent, nothing for
the transportation of annuity goods.
Now, this is not the usual appropriation for
this purpose for Oregon and Washington Terri-
tories. The appropriation has generally been
larger than that. It was this samo amount last
year, and proved barely adequate to the wants of
that year; and I dare say our officers there are
economical. I believe they are. The Indian su-
perintendent recommended a much higher sum—
$50,000; but the Department concluded to reduce
the sum to the amount appropriated last year—
$33,000. Unless you make this appropriation,
the Indian service in Washington and Oregon
will be totally ineffective, for the agent and su-
perintendent will not have the means of sending
an express to the Indian country in time of an
emergency. I submit to the committee whether
they intend to have the Indian service paralyzed,
and whether they intend to mock at and scorn it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state briefly the rea-
sons why the Committee of Ways and Means
recommen d a non -concuri ence. We have reported
so many appropriations for the Indian service in
Oregon and Washington that we really do not
know for what purpose §35,000 more could be
wanted. We have made appropriations to pay
the superintendent and agents, and to pay for
presents and annuities and goods to the Indians
with whom we have treaty stipulations; and it is
quite uncertain whether there are any Indians in
tliat country whom we have not provided for. The
eighty-first, eighty-second, eighty-third, eighty-
fourth,eighty-fifth,and eighty-sixth amendments
are all for contingent items, and amount to about
two hundred thousand dollars. Itis possible that
some of this money is needed; but it was difficult
for the Committee of Ways and Means to arrive
at a knowledge of the amount actually necessary.
We had appropriated for everything we could
imagine; and I do not think we should appropriate
$200,000for contingent expenses—for that isreally
the amount of it.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. I withdraw
my amendment, and move to increase the appro-
priation §1,000. 1 am very sorry that my friend,
the chairmann of the Committee of Ways and
Means should see fit to throw distrust on all these
items, for they can all be vindicated. Gentlemen
do not seem to understand the kind of country
we have on that coast. They forget that these
treaties operate over a country as large as the
thirteen old States—over a country three hundred
thousand square miles in extent. The treaties
made with the Indian tribes in Washington Ter-
ritory extinguish titles to over sixty million acres
of land, and those made with the Indian tribes in
Oregon to almost an equal amount. I have stated
to the committee that this was the lowest esti-
mate made for incidental expenses in Washing-
ton Territory and Oregon. This is the sum ap-
propriated last year. The treaties do not make
any special provisions for the payment of trans-
portation and insurance. I state these facts because
1 know them, and the official records show that my
statement is true. Part of this sum will be un-
questionably required for insurance and trans-
portation for the seventeen thousand Indians west
of the Cascade mountains, and a portion will be
required for the incidental expenses enumerated,
I ask the honorable chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means why he cannot put confi-
dence in the Department-
Mr. SHERMAN. No estimates were sub-
mitted to us by the Department in the regular an-
nual estimates for these items. We found nothing
of them in the Secretary's report. It is true, the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs told us that these
items were oveilooked; but we thought it very
strange that items amounting to $200,000 should'
be overlooked, and that there should be no esti-
mates covering any of that amount submitted in
the annual reports. Therefore, we could not acts
upon them when we reported the Indian bill. -
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. Here'is a
report from the Secretary of the Interior recom-
mending this item as indispensable.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; but that is since the
bill was reported.
Mr. STEVENS, of Washington. And you
see, from the subsequentitems,that the Secretary
referred to the fact that this appropriation ,was
called for. But I do not intend to refer to this
till the items come up.
The question was taken on the eighty-first
amendment of the Senate, and it was non-con-
curred in.
Eighty-second amendment:
For defraying the expenses of the removal and subsist-
ence of the Indians in Oregon to the reservations therein,
aiding them in procuring their own subsistence, purchase
of provisions and presents, compensation of laborers and
to the employes, for the year ending 30th June, 1861, $-25,000.
Mr. STOUT. I desire to say a few words in
reference to this amendment, and for that purpose
I move to increase the amountfive dollars. It is
suggested to me by members that the committee
should rise. I know very well that the course
taken by my friend from vVashington Territory
and myself is tedious, perhaps, to the committee;
[Cries of " No!" " No!"] but there are circum-
stances which I wish to present to the committee
in reference to this one amendment. If Congress
strikes out this appropriation, in less thai) twelve
months the constituents of some members on this
floor will have suffered the penalty by the loss oi
their lives. It is impossible for men to go from
this portion of our country to Oregon across the
plains,unless some course is pursued by the De-
partment to preserve peace with those Indians
with whom we have not yet made treaties. The
object of the eighty-first Senate amendment is to
provide a fund which shall be used by the super-
intendent of Indian affairs, as he has used the
funds heretofore,in giving presents to the Indians,
and in keeping agents among them to preserve
friendly relations with them.
These Indians are located principally on the
route leading from Salt Lake City to southern
Oregon; and on the northern route, whichisealled
the Stevens route, leading to Washington Terri-
tory; and it is for the purpose of maintaining
friendly relations with them that this appropria-
tion should be made. I make this prophecy: that
if the amendment be stricken out, the result ot
youractionwill be that in less than twelve months
the lives of some of your constituents will be for-
feited in that section of country.
It is usual for Congress to make this appropri-
ation, and it will be a great injustice, both to our
people and the Indians, if you refuse it now. I
regret to see our interests in that section sacrificed
to gratify a desire on the part of Congress to
appear economical. I know that the sum pro-
posed, which is far less than it should be, will be
profitably expended, and, in the end, will be a'
"saving to the Government. I desire to see a
course pursued by this Government which will,
in the future, tend to prevent a repetition of the
difficulties our people have had with these In-
dians; and I do sincerely desire that what tho
Department shall say, and what we may say,
shall have some little weight with members. The
member from Washington and myself have some
knowledge, from actual observation, in relation
to the matters of which we speak. While wo
attribute to every member here the strictest hon-
esty of purpose in all he may do, we must protest
against what seems to be the determination of the
majority. We regret to see this House take a
course which we believe will lead to a renewal of
the difficulties we have heretofore encountered
with these Indians. We are weak in numbers
here are entitled to but one vote on this floor—
and are compelled to rely upon the good judgment
and discretion of those who know from observa-
tion but little or nothing of our wants in that sec-
tion; but however regardless this House maybe
of what we say, we will not remain quiet when
injustice is done our people. I here predict it
will be my painful duty to point out to this House,
