1964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
have imposed on you an intervention plank—a |
plank by which you will have to legislate slavery |
into and maintain it in the Territories." They
will call it, of course, a slave code. "Will our !
friends be able to maintain themselves advanta-
geously under these circumstances ? I put it to
the common sense of everybody if that can be
expected. I will not say, as a southern gentle-
man said to me the other day, who was in favor
of a southern candidate at Charleston, that if the
angel Gabriel was put upon a slave-code plank
he would be defeated all through the North. I do
not know anything about what sort of a run an-
gels would make; but I am clearly of the opinion
that it would weaken any candidate we run in the
North. Why? All men have a pride of opinion;
all men have a regard for consistency. If this
were a new question, and no ground had ever
I5een taken upon it, it is possible that we might
bring up many gentlemen to the point of passing
a proposition to protect slavery in the Territories;
but when they have stood upon non-intervention
for ten years; when all their conventions have
adopted it, I ask you if it is possible that they
can be prepared, at this time, to turn right about,
and go for intervention. It does not help the
. matter at all that this thing is held up in fataro.
Suppose it be said that4' whenever it is necessary,
Congress must legislate to protect slave property:"
the Abolitionists would say in this canvass, "it
will be necessary as soon as the presidential elec-
tion is over, if you carry tin1 day. They will say
that, of course. Our friends, perhaps, may dis-
pute it, and say they think it will be a long time
before it is necessary; but that is the argument
they will have to meet. The Abolitionists will hold
up all the bloody slave codes from the time of
Draco down, and tell the northern people that is
the music they have got to face. If we arc going
to legislate al all, I have no doubt upon the earth
it would be better for us to pass a ntntuto now,
declaring that slave and all other property should
be protected in all the Territories of the United
States daring the territorial condition; because
men would see that statute, would know what it
meant, and have a better chance to defend it.
But again, Mr.President, it is argued that there
are differences of opinion on the subject of non-
intervention and the meaning of the Cincinnati
platform. I really do not think there is any dif-
ference of opinion as far as the action of Congress
is concerned. 1 think no man can read that plat-
form, or the Nebraska bill, or the speeches on that
occasion, without seeing that we aie all agreed so
far as congressional action is concerned, By the
way, I may as well mention here that I have ex-
tracts from the speeches of many southern Sen-
ators and Representatives upon the occasion of
the passage of tile Kansas-Nebiaska bill, but I do
not clioo.se to read them. In the first place, the.
argumcntiim at I hoinincm is not a very convincing
one to an intelligent mind. In the next place, to
show that this was the universal opinion of the
party then, as I could do in this way, [ should
nave to take up the time of the Senate to too great
length, and I should also, perhaps, oblige gentle-
men to make explanations of their positions. Hut
I think it abundantly clear that Congress was not
to interfere with the subject; that the difference of
opinion was upon the point after that—what would
be the effect of congressional non-interference.
Some gentlemen said that the Territories might
legislate to protect slavery, but not to prohibit it.
Otuera said they might legislate either to prohibit
it or not. Tins question, from necessity, is one
thatthe courts must determine. Suppose a law is
passed by a Territorial Legislature: who determ-
ines its constitutionality and validity ? The courts.
Our opinion will not contiol the courts. Suppose
the Senate should resolve unanimously that a par-
ticular thing was legal and constitutional: the
Supreme Court, or any other court, would not be
bound to adopt it at all. There is, in fact, no dif- !
ferenee, as far as the action of Congress is required, !
on the subject. We differ as to what tiic court
will decide about the power of a Territory. I, for
example, believe, and have said again and again
that I think the court will hold, that a Territorial
Legislature has a right to protect property, and
cannot legislate against it. I think so. Somebody
else entertains an opposite opinion. It is necessa-
rily a judicial question.
But again, sir, it is said that the Cincinnati plat-
form , with the doctrine of non-intervention, is con-
strued differently by different people. So is the
Constitution of the United States; and yet we have
never thought proper to make a new Constitution.
So is the Bible: the churches have divided about
it for the last two thousand years or more; and yet
Providence has not thought proper to favor us
with a new Bible. Nobody has asked it. Per-
haps I am wrong—I believe the Abolitionists have
said that the times demanded an anti-slavery Con-
stitution,an anti-slavery Bible, and an anti-slavery
God; and they have made for themselves a new
constitution in the "higher law," and, for aught
I know, they may adopt Joe Smith's Mormon
Bible. They have easily found a divinity in John
Brown; and some of them are relying, they say,
44 on him, and him hanged." But I do not find
that any considerable portion of the Christian
world asks for a new divinity or a different Bible,
and yet they differ about it. So with regard to the
Constitution. It turns out, therefore, thatthe Cin-
cinnati platform stands in the same position with
these other great instruments in this respect.
What has occurred since 1856? I was a member
of the convention when that platform was adopted
at Cincinnati, and it was unanimously adopted,
and was satisfactory. What has occurred since?
I know of nothing that is supposed to have any
bcaiing upon it, except the Drcd Scott decision. If
gentlemen say that that ought to be a part of our
platform, 1 doubt whether anybody will object.
Every Democrat that I know of yields to the de-
cisions of the courts on questions of that kind, f
prefer, though, taking the decision itself to any
man's commentary upon it, just as I would prefer
adopting the Bible to the views of any comment-
ator. If I should attempt to read in any court
what somebody said was a former decision, the
judges would fctop me, and say, "Give us the de-
cision itself;" bccausc the judges know their opin-
ions, and can express them better than anybody
else.
But, Mr. President, I may any that I look upon
platforms and candidates very much as I do upon
the weights that are to be put upon horses. I
think the less of a platform you hamper a candi-
date with, generally, so you express your prin-
ciples clearly, the better; just as the less weight
you put upon a horse, the better race he runs. I
have a great many lights that weie not in the
Cincinnati platform. I do not expect to get them
all put into it. To get thorn there, I should have
to have the Constitution of the United States cer-
tainly all there, and the constitution of my own
State, and no doubt some other great natural
rights that are not in either. My friend from
MissouVi [Mr. Greek] suggests to me the Bible,
also. Are we to expect everything to be put in?
If we did, 1 do not know how large we -should
make it. It would be just as absurd as if a man
who had a horse that was going to run an im-
portant race, and on which he had bet largely,
should put upon his back all the property he had
in the shape of kettles, millstones, or anything
else cumbersome. That would be the height of
an absurdity. I tell you further, Mr. President,
after we get a candidate in the field, and he is
running against our adversaries over the way, the
very gentlemen who now may be disposed to
quibble, and who want to insist on this and that,
if they saw that lie was hampered and was likely
to lose support, would be very sorry that he was
thus placed in a false position. My real liking
for the Cincinnati platform was, that it had been
four years before the country, everybody under-
stood it, and it was not nccessary to debate it or
talk about it further in the canvass. As it con-
tained all the pnnciples in issue between the par-
ties, I preferred waging the fight on it, with the
addition only of the Drcd Scott decision, if gen-
tlemen dcsiied it.
I know, however, that there arc several classes
of persons who will not agree with me in these
views. In the first place, there are some gentle-
men who are called disunionists pes se; that is,
persons who think sound policy requires a disso-
lution of the Union. I know some who entertain
these views. They arc men of ability, intelli-
gence, public spirit, and patriotism. I have no
doubt about that. They honestly believe that
this Government is a failure. They think this
slavery agitation has been continued to that ex-
tent that it has paralyzed the Government for
useful purposes; that it will grow worse and
worse; and thatthe Union had better be dissolved,
and a new system of Government made. They
arc honorable men, or many of them are known
to me as such. „They believe that if the Demo-
cratic party were destroyed, a great step would
be taken in that direction; and 1 am free to admit
it. They suppose, therefore, that by pressing
extreme views, by having the South to insist,
for example, on slave protection in Territories,
while the North is for non-intervention, wc may
either break up the party or defeat it in the com-
ing election. I shall not enter into an argument
with such gentlemen as to how far they are right.
I think they are wrong. It seems to me they are
incapablc of learning by experience. There is
one thing they might have learned, and that is,
that they cannot drive the majority of the south-
ern people into a line of action of that kind. They
may, by expressing their extreme opinions, in-
volve us in difficulties, divide us at the South, and
weaken our influence in the country.
I thought, in 1850, that my section suffered be-
cause certain gentlemen deemed it proper, very
unwisely, in my judgment, to express these views
and divide us at home. Mr. Calhoun made a re-
mark, which was reported to me, shortly before
his death, which I refer to because, m my judg-
ment, it illustrates the feeling of the South, and,
as I have alluded to him, I beg leave to say that,
having once, in my earlier years, in some speech
spoken in a manner not kind to him, I take great
pleasure in saying, on this occasion, that my opin-
ion was subsequently changed, and I am satisfied
that I did him great injustice. His course in 1848,
on the Clayton compromise, satisfied me; because
lie agreed to take a measure which he thought fell
greatly short of our rights, for the sake of peace
and harmony; and his course in 1850 satisfied
me that lie had no ulterior designs against the
Government; that he was very anxious, provided
it could be kept on the line of the Constitution,
to preserve it. But, sir, the remark to which I
allude, was this: after I saw him for the last time
—for I believe the last conversation I had with
him was oil the last day he was in the Senate,
and if I were to repeat it, which it is not neces-
sary that I should do, it would only be creditable
to him and his views—a gentleman from South
Carolina, then a colleague of his, a gentleman
with whom I was on terms of great intimacy—
and there is no reason why I should not repeat it—
said in the House one day, " last evening, when
I was talking to Mr. Calhoun, by his bed-side,
giving him my views as to what would be the
effect of a dissolution of the Union, he stopped
me; and he always stops me at that point. He
said 'you may be right in your opinions, your
argument is very plausible. I admit that I cannot
answer it, but there may comc in disturbing
causes which would change all this. The effect
of a dissolution is ono of those great problems
that the human mind cannot grasp;*all we can
say is, that if the North force it upon us we must
make up our minds to take it.'" That, I think,
was substantially his position, that if we could
maintain our equality and our rights in the Union,
we ought to stand by it; but, if forced to take the
other alternative, we ought to make up our minds
to do it. I think this illustrates the view of the
great majority of the people of the South. They
have no such blind rcvcicnce for the Union, or
for this Government, as to submit to it when their
great essential rights arc invaded; but they will
not, in advance of such an emergency, take steps
to produce it.
My own opinions on that subject have already
been sufficiently expressed, and there was no part
of the speech or the Senator from Mississippi yes-
terday, able and eloquent as it was, that I heard
with more pleasure than I did those declarations
of his in which he warned gentlemen on the other
side of the effect that would follow their attempt
to carry out their views. I expressed my opin-
ions early this session; I expressed them in the
Fremont contest, and I shall stand upon them;
and in such a contingency, I doubt whether any
gentleman will be more zealous, though doubtless
many will be more able, than myself.
But, sir, the people of the southern States will
not regard it as a sufficient reason to break up the
Democratic party, much less to justify revolution,
that we are obliged to stand upon the old Cincin-
nati platform. It was the unanimous feeling of
the South four years ago, and of the Democracy
of the North, that the Cincinnati platform was
