1020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Mr. HOARD. This resolution is introduced
with the consent of Mr. Covode.
Mr. HASKIN. I voted yesterday for the res-
olution of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Covode,] and I did it cheerfully, for I am anxious
to have many of the matters referred to in it ex-
amined; but if he and his friends intend that the
subjects embraced in his resolution—some twenty
 shall be parceled out among different commit-
tees, then retrenchment and reform are not advo-
cated by that side of the House.
I intend, so far as I am conccrncd, during this
session, to act with them in favor of exposing
corruption wherever it may exist; but I want to
keep them within the line of duty in keeping down
the enormous expenses of this Government; and
therefore I say that this resolution should go to
the committee created yesterday by the resolu-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Those
gentlemen upon the other side of the House must
look out, or they wili get the laugh upon theiyi for
raisingunnecessaryspccial committeesupon vague
rumors. Before moving the previous question,
as 1 promised to do, I appeal to my colleague to
allow me to move to refer his resolution to the
committee appointed yesterday on motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr HOARD. I must decline to do that. I
renew the demand for the previous question.
Mr. HINDMAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdrawthe demand for the
previous question to enable me to offer, as an
amendment, the resolution which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
Mr. HOARD. I must decline to yield the floor
for that purpose.
Mr. HINDMAN. I ask that it be read for in-
formation.
Mr. HOARD. I decline to yield for that pur-
pose.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in order
to have it read, unless the gentleman from New
York withdraws the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. HINDMAN. Lot it be read only for in-
formation. [Cries of " Order!" "Order!"]
Mr, HOARD. It is time to adjourn, and I
must object.
Mr. HINDMAN. 'I only ask that it shall be
read for information.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. HOARD. Yes; I object.
Mr. HINDMAN. I still have the floor, and
1 design to read the resolution myself for the
purpose of letting the gentleman from New York
know what it is.
[Mr. Hindman then, amidst deafening shouts
of "Order!" from the Republican benches, and
the utmost confusion and uproar, proceeded to
read his amendment to the resolution; the purport
of which was an instruction to thp committee to
inquire whether any money was used corruptly
to procure the election of any member of the
House: and also, whether any corrupt means
were used, or proposed to be used, in the election
of Printer of the House; and to inquire generally
into any and all charges preferred against mem-
bers of the House, or officers of the General Gov-
ernment.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore repeatedly called
the gentleman from Arkansas to order, and re-
quested him to take his seat.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I want to hear
the resolutions that gentlemen have to offer, and
I am opposed to stifling any that may be pre-
sented, setting forth any specific charges against
officers of this Government.
Mr. HINDMAN. Are you of the other side
determined to muzzle investigation ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the previous
question is called, then this debate is not in or-
der.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and, under the operation
thereof, the resolution was adopted.
Mr. MORRIS, of Pennsylvania, moved to re-
consider the voto by which the resolution was
adopted; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. I insist that I rose and ad-
(jressed the Speaker before the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, who vcouId not lay any claim of
precedence to it over me, under the rules, as he
was not the mover of the resolution.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair did
not see the gentleman from Kentucky at all.
Mr LOVEJOY. I wish to inquire whether it
is in order for a resolution, read despite objection
and repeated decisions of the Speaker to the con-
trary, to be included by the reporters for the
Globe in their report of our debates?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The House has
no control over the Globe.
Mr. HINDMAN. Does the gentleman wish
to abridge the freedom of the press? Does his
party object to full and fair inquiry into all charges
against all officers of the Government? Is the
original resolution a mere party move, intended
to make capital for Black Republicans, but de-
signed to hide their own corruptions? If so, the
people of the United States will put the right esti-
mate upon it. If Republicans wish to conceal the
fact that I have attempted to institute a full and
impartial inquiry into all Federal corruptions,
they will exclude my resolution from the Globe;
otherwise they will let it appear there.
Then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE, of'
Illinois, (at twenty minutes to five o'clock, p.
m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 7, 1860.
The Journal ofyesterday was read andapproved.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
The VICE PRESIDENT announced the ap-
pointment of Mr. Latham to fill the vacancies on
the Committee on Indian Affairs, the Committee
on Territories, and the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, made vacant by the retirement of Mr.
Haun.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
An act (No. 237) for the relief of Anthony
Schlander—to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
An act (No.241)authorizingpublishersto print
on their papers the date when subscriptions ex-
pire—to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Koads.
An act (No. 279) providing for satisfying claims
for bounty lands and for other purposes—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution (No. 11) providing for the
manner of expending the balance of appropria-
tion for repairing the works and piers, in order to
preserve and secure the light-house at Chicago,
Illinois—to the Committee on Commerce.
An act (No. 19) to amend an act entitled " An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in steam-
ships and othervcssels"approvedMarch 3,1855,
for the better protection of female passengers and
for other purposes—to the Committee on Com-
merce.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SEWARD presented seven petitions of
manufacturers, coal operators, merchants, farm-
ers, mechanics, miners, and laborers, of Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania, praying such a modifica-
tion of the tariff as wiU protect the industrial in-
terests of the country; which were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Brook-
lyn, New York, praying Congress to pass a law
to prevent all further traffic m and monopoly of
the public lands, and that they be laid out in
farms and lots for the free and exclusive use of
actual settlers; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of Joseph
Pattee,a sergeant in the war of 1812, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. TEN EYCIv presented the petition of Rich-
ard Stout, praying compensation for carrying the
mail from Easton, Pennsylvania, via New Bruns-
wick, to New York; which was referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS presented the memorial of C. T.
Alexander, in relation to his rank in the medical
corps of the Army: which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and Militia
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD-, it was
Ordered, That the petition of J. Hosford Smith, late Uni-
ted States consul at Beirut, Syria, praying an increase ot
compensation for his service5? as consul, and compensation
for judicial services, on the files of the Senate, be referred
to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. SEWARD, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of Townsend Hams, pray-
ing compensation for diplomatic services in negotiating a
treaty with the Kingdom of Siam, while consul general at
Japan, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. FITCH asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
254) to confirm certain entries of land therein
named; which was read twice b^'its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a com-
munication from the Mayor of Washington, in-
closing a copy of a joint resolution of the Boar,d
of Aldermen and Board of Common Council of
that city, instructing the committee appointed to
represent the interests of the city before Congress
to ask an appropriation for the improvement of
the navigation of the Potomac river, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and that
it be referred to the Committee on Commerce;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James and Theodore
Walters, praying that certain lots of ground in
the city of Washington may be conveyed to them,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition L. A. Gobright and
others, in behalf of the Grand Lodge of the Inde-
pendent Order of Odd Fellows, of the District of
Columbia, praying an act of incorporation, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 252) to incorporate the
Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd
Fellows of .the District of Columbia; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. SEBASTIAN, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, to whom was referred the memorial
of the legal representatives of Wetonsaw, son of
James Conner, deceased, praying the payment of
a sum of money stipulated to be paid to said We-
tonsaw, by an Indian treaty, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 253) for the relief
of the legal representatives of Wetonsaw, son of
James Conner. The bill was read, and passed to
a second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MALLORY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of the
legal representatives of John G. Mackall, praying
indemnity for the destruction of a house during the
last war with Great Britain, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of William G. Ridgely,
of. the District of Columbia, praying indemnity
for tobacco destroyed by the British in the war of
1812, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Hodges & Lans-
dalc, praying indemnity foi property destroyed
by the British in the war of 1812, submitted aw
adverse report; which was ordered to be printed.
RECOMMITTAL.
On motion of Mr. DAVIS, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Sirs. Mary Walbach, widow
of the late Brevet Brigadier General J. 13. Walbach, of the
United States Army, praying to be allowed a pension, with
the adverse report thereon, be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
CODIFICATION OF STATUTES.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be di-
rected to consider the expediency of providing by law for
the appointment of a commission to revise the public sut-
ures of the United States; to simplify their language; to
correct their incongruities; to supply their deficiencies; to
anange them in order ; to reduce them to one connected
text; and to report them thus improved to Congress for its
final action, to the end that the public statutes, which ai!
