1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1965
right. Because our convention chooses to adhere
to it now, or to adhere to it substantially, you can-
not induce the majority of the southern people to
dissolve the Democratic party; and hence I regret
extremely that a portion of our friends in the
South found it necessary, in their judgment, to
withdraw from the convention. All those gentle-
men thatl know, are men of liigli honor, courage,
and ability. I think they made a mistake. But,
be that as it may, a large majority of the southern
delegates, in the proportion of seventy to fifty,
remained in the convention.
Something is said, I know,*ibout the cotton
States withdrawing. I have great respcct for cot-
ton, and if we are to have a king, I would as soon
acknowledge that cotton is king as anybody else.
But, sir, I cannot admit that the men who arc cul-
tivating cotton are necessarily wiser or better than
those in old Virginia, who are cultivating tobacco
and wheat, and no cotton at all. Virginiaha^as
much interest in slavery and the slave question as
the Gulf States. We ought all to act together.
We ought all to go into the contest and make a
common fight. 1 will say, however, though I
may be treading on delicate ground, that if I even
thoughtstatesmanship required a dissolution ofthe
Union, I should haveachoiceastohowitsliould
be effected, looking to future results. For ex-
ample: if we were to go into a common straggle,
with our Democratic friends in the North aiding
us, they would, at least, see that we had done all
that men could be expected to do to maintain our
rights, and they would sympathize, to some ex-
tent, with us in any action which we might have
to take. On the other hand, if we were to cut
loose from them, make a purely sectional party,
say that the whole North was hostile, we should,
of course, solidify them against us; and, I think,
with due deference to the opinion of others, it
would be the most insane party that could be
adopted. If there were ten men hostile to me,
and ten others whom I could have as frientft,
would it not be the height of folly for me to make
the whole twenty hostile, and turn them all
against me?
But I come, Mr. President, to consider a sec-
ond class who do not agree with me on this ques-
tion. There are some gentlemen who think that
these national conventions aremischievous things,
and that they had better be broken up. Some be-
lieve that if the conventions were broken up, we
should have candidates put out who might run
better. I think this is all a mistake. The coun-
try is not in the condition in which it was in 1824,
when there was but one party. Then they could
dispense with conventions safely, and every man
support the candidate of his choice. Now, there
i3 a formidable organization, which four years
ago was almost strong enough to get possession
of the Government, which I believe has revolu-
tionary objects in view; and if we divide, I think
we surrender the Government to them. Suppose
we had a southern candidate running in the fifteen
slave States, and a northern candidate running, I
do not believe we could bring the same force to
support our man in the South that we could bring
to the support of one carrying the national Dem-
ocratic banner. The great argument which has
been used with us, and the most effective, to bring
men to our support, North and South, is, that the
Democratic party is one which stands up in the
thirty-three States, and makes fight everywhere.
Its flag waves from Maine to California, and men
are everywhere marshaled undent. Cutitin two,
and many patriots and good men, who did not be-
long to it originally, but who have come into it
recently, will fall off. I perceive that some of the
Republican papers said very sagaciously, when
they thought the Democracy was broken to pieces,
that they were to have a triumph, because a great
many conservative and timid men supported the
Democratic party to preserve the Union, and would
now leave it. Sir, I do not consider it a reproach
to any man to say that he is timid in reference to
public calamities. Those men who are the bravest
m matters that concern themselves personally are
often the most anxious and careful for their coun-
try and its rights; and I say it is honorable to any
man, no matter what his past opinions may have
been, that he stands up to protect the great interests
of his country at the sacrifice of party prejudices.
I hold-, then, that those gentlemen who think an
ad\ antage will result from breaking up the party,
if such there be, are unwise.
There is a third class of persons who wish to
press these extreme views, not with any purpose
to assail the integrity of the Government or to
break up the party, but who desire simply to use
them to make capital for particular candidates
against other candidates. 1 think they arc very
unwise in that. If you can only get a candidate
nominated by going in opposition to about half
the States of the Union and their views, and by
making a platform that drives off particular men,
are you likely to elect such a candidate? I ask,
in all soberness, could you possibly so change your
Elatform as to drive off some of your candidates,
ecause they are too strong to be beaten otherwise,
and expect to succeed> I do not believe it; and
I say, therefore, that of the three classes of men
that are opposed to the view I am taking, the first
are the only wise ones. To the last I would say
if they got a candidate nominated upon interven-
tion, I greatly fear he would be defeated, and if
they got separate candidates, I have no doubt they
will be. I hold, then, that the only wise men of
these three classes are those who believe the Gov-
ernment had better be broken up; because if they
can destoy the Democratic party in any way, they
will have made a great stride in that direction.
Before quitting this branch of the subject, I de-
sire to allude to another remark that is often made
in the country. It is said somewhat tauntingly f
I think, by thoughtless southern men, that as to
the northern States, they cannot be counted upon
as Democratic; that no one of them is certainly
Democratic, and that their views ought not to be
heard. Mr. President, I think it comes with a
bad grace from any southern man to throw this
out. Upon the old issues upon which the Dem-
ocratic party was built up, the great body of the
North would be Democratic to-day—there is no
doubt about that—and the South might not so
unanimously bo so. In the very last contest that
turned upon these old issues, in 1848, about half
the South voted for the Whig candidate,*and the
North was divided in about the same proportion.
About that tune the anti-slavery movement, which
had previously existed, gained such power that
our elections since then have turned upon the sla-
very question, and they have gained strength, I
admit, against our friends; but we of the South
have no right to boast of our position. The only
fight has been with the Abolitionists in the last
two elections. When I say Abolitionists, per-
haps I use too strong a term. I mean the anti-
slavery party, consisting of Abolitionists, Free-
Soilers, and others. We boast in the South that
they have made no inroads among us. Why,
sir, if an Abolitionist were to come into the part
of the country where I live, or were to manifest
himself in any way, the besttcrms he could make
would be to emigrate very rapidly, and if he did
not carry with him a little tar and feathers he
would be quite lucky. Are we to boast and plume
ourselves on the idea that in fighting the Aboli-
tionists we can carry the southern States If
we could not we should not be worth anything;
but where they exist in the North they are for-
midable, and there they have beaten many of our
friends. Those friends are fighting this battle,
not for their personal rights or to protect their
own immediate interests. Far from it. If you
abolished slavery, it would not take the property
of any man in the free States. I admit that indi-
rectly it might ultimately prejudice their citizens.
Their inteiest is not at all what ours is; and yet
they have the manliness to stand up and fight the
Abolitionists from year to year. They are beaten
down from time to time in many of the States.
They give up all the honor of representing their
people in the Federal councils; they lose State,
place, and power and office; and because they are
defeated and cut down, we find southern men
taunting them with their diminished numbers.
Mr. President, when General Scott reached the
city of Mexico, would it have been just for him
to turn around to the Palmetto regiment, which
from its gallantry in many battles had lost more
men than perhaps any One in his army, and say
to them; "You are a mere skeleton of a regi-
ment; you do not amount to half a regiment;
the greater part of you have been killed or left
on the road to die; the few of you that have
come up licre are scarred and maimed and halt,
your very flag is shot to pieces; I do not consider
you worthy to remain in my camp; I want these
sleek, full regiments, that came in late, and did no
fighting, to make up my army." Or suppose
when George Washington's army was returning
from one of its hard campaigns, an American had
taunted its soldiers with being half clad and
emaciated anil wounded, what would have been
thought of him ? I hold, sir, with the Senator
from Georgia, [Mr. Toombs,] that no applause
and no honors can be too high to be heaped on
these men, and, as he said, instead of throwing
additional burdens on them, by nan-owing the
platform, I would rather widen it, and give them
all the aid and support possible. I would allow
every man to come upon it in this fight which wo
have with the public enemy.
Mr. President, in 1854, we repealed the Mis-
souri compromise line, and a great many of our
northern friends were cut down; and the Congress
elected in 1855 had, I believe, a majority of two.
to one against the Democracy; but they reso-
lutely went to work and recovered their ground,
so far as not only to elect Mr. Buchanan in 1856,
but to secure a majority in Congress. Wc all
know that the discussion on the Lecompton bill,
and the movements then made, hurt us again. I
do not undertake to say who is to blame fir this,
but I speak of the fact. The consequence was,
in the next election the Democratic party in the
North suffered severely. Take the State of Penn-
sylvania for example. Instead of seventeen mem-
bers of Congress that our party there elected in
185G, we only got two or three in 1858. Our friends
have been recovering their ground again, and are
ready to go into the fight with high hopes. Now,
I ask if it is wise policy for us m the South to
seek to get the platform changed just before an-
other election—a total, radical change, from non-
intervention to intervention ? I am free to say that
I have very great apprehensions that such a thing
would lead to a defeat, and hence I would not
make the change.
We all know, Mr. President, %vho were here in
this city four or five days ago, that when the re-
ports came that the secession had occurred at
Charleston, and it was supposed the Democratic
party was broken up and destroyed, every one
who met our Republican opponents was struck
with their jubilant expression. If they had act-
ually carried the election, and got into power,
they could not have shown more elation. They
thought that the Democratic party, which they
had in vain endeavored to destroy,-had killed
itself by committing political suicide. But when,
on Thursday morning last, wo learned that the
convention had adjourned over to meet in Balti-
more, their faces were very much elongated. I
have no doubt they would like that wo should
get into such collisions and divisions as would
enable them to triumph over us; but I do not think
they are destined to have this gratification. The
Democratic party has great vitality, because it
stands on the great principles of the Constitution;
it has good and true men in every section of the
country, and I entertain the highest hopes that
they will yet come together and make a harmo-
nious nomination.
It is to be regretted exceedingly,however, that
we should have these debates on immaterial ques-
tions. Senators upon this floor are representa-
tive men; and hence when we embark in discus-
sions, and squabble over these points which arc
small in themselves, we tend to divide our people
at home; and I forebore to embark in this discus-
sion,for this reason: the question was connected
somewhat with the aspirations and claims of dif-
ferent presidential candidates, and I felt a del-
icacy in embarking in it; and I do so now only
with extreme-reluctance. As a citizen, I have a
right to my opinions. As a Senator, I regard my-
self as a member of a coordinate branch which is
the equal of the President; and as a Senator, I
have no desire to interfere with the presidential
contest. There are reasons which will strike
every mind why I ought not to do so, and why
I think no Senator here ought to do so. Wo
have a rule of the Senate which requires us in de-
bate to awid personality and personal allusions;
and yet, sir, some half a dozen perhaps of the Sen-
ators here are prominent candidates for the Pres-
idency; and if I should interfere to aid one of them,
I necessarily get up discussions as to the personal
i merits of these gentlemen. I cannot indeed do
i so without doing violence to my own feelings. I
| see before me the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
' Douglas,] whom I know to he a very thorough
