1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i(M
are presumed to know, tnay be in such form as to be more
within the apprehension of ail.
PONCA INDIANS.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill of the House of
Representatives (INTo. 216) making appropria-
tions for fulfilling the treaty stipulations with the
Poi*ca Indians, and with certain bands of Indi-
ans in the State of Oregon and Territory of Wash-
ington, for the year ending June 30, 1860, have
directed me to report it back with certain amend-
ments. I will state that this is merely to carry
out treaty stipulations with certain Indian tribes,
ratified at the last extra session of the Senate, and
I ask that it may be considered and acted on now.
It will take no time. If it does, I will not press it.
There being: no objection, the Senate, asm Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded, to consider the bill
(H. R. No. 216) making appropriations for ful-
filling treaty stipulations with the Ponca Indians-,
and with certain bands of Indians in the State of
Oregon and Territory of Washington, for the
year ending June 30, 1860.
The bill was reported back from the Cemmittee
on Finance with certain amendments. The first
amendment of the committee was, after line twen-
ty-four, to insert:
For maintaining and subsisting the Poncas duiing the
first year after their i emoval to their new home, purchasing
stock and agncullur.il implements, breaking up and fencing
land, building houses, and iri making cuch other lmpiove-
nients as may be necessary for their^comfort and welfare,
per second article of the treaty of the 12th of March, 16o8,
§•20.000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
To provide the Poncas with a mill suitable for grinding
grain and sawing timber, one or more mechanic shops, with
necessary tools ior the same, and dweilmg-hou.ses for in-
terpreter, miller, engineer for the mill, it one be necessary,
fanner and mechanics that may be employed fortheir ben-
efit, per second article of the treaty of the 12th of March,
1858, £10,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
add:
To provide and set apart this sum to enable the Poncas
to adjust and settle their existing obligations and engage-
ments, including depredations committed by them on prop-
erty of citizens of the United States prior to the date of the
ratification of this agreement, so far as the same may be
found and decided by their agent to be valid and just, sub-
ject to the approval of the Secretary of the Interior, per
second artieie of the treaty of the 12th of March, 1S58,
$20,000.
The amendment was agreed to
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the amend-
ments be voted upon together or separately? [" All
together!"]
The amendments were concurred in, and or-
dered to be engrossed; and the bill was ordered
tobe.reada third time. It was read the third
time, and passed
TEXAS MOUNTED VOLUNTEERS.
Mr, DAVIS. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 18)
making appropriations for the support of one
regiment of Texas mounted volunteers, author-
ized by the act of Congress approved April 7,
1858, have instructed me to report it back with
an amendment, and recommend that it be passed,
and to ask for its present consideration.
Mr. HL^NTER. It seems to me we had better
consider it m this shape than as an amendmentto
the appropriation bill. If this be decided upon,
there will be no trouble ingoingon with the West
Point bill afterwards. As I understand it, this
bill is the same as the amendment of the Senator
from Texas. It is the same subject.
Mr. DAVIS. It is the same subject, and covers
the same question.
Mr. HUNTER. This is the bill as matured
by the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. GWIN. I will suggest to the Senator from
Virginia that we may get into a difficulty with the
House by sending them an appropriation bill: and
therefore I think we had better take up the West
Point bill and ascertain, by examining the ques-
tion, whether or not we shall not be forced to put
this as an amendment on that bill; otherwise the
House might not consider the bill reported from
the Committee on Military Affairs, on the ground
of its being an appropriation bill, and as infring-
ing upon their rights I merely make the sug-
gestion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to under-
stand what bill it is that is proposed to be taken
up ? There seems to be some difference of opinion
about it.
Mr. DAVIS. It is a bill which was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, to provide an
appropriation for a regiment of mounted volun-
teers which was authorized by a law passed on
the 7th of April last.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to
that being taken up, except this: that I under-
stand there will be a motion to adjourn at a pretty
early hour, and to-day was assigned, by common
consent, to the Senatorfrom Ohio, to address the
Senate. If this bill be taken up, it will unques-
tionably lead to debate.
Mr. HUNTER. It will comc up after the Sen-
ator from Ohio has concluded his speech, as the
unfinished business, if we take it up now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it does not interfere
with the Senator from Ohio, I have no sort of
objection.
Mr. GWIN. I desire to go on with the bill in
such a manner as not to interrupt the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the special or-
der on which he is to speak will come up at half
past twelve o'clock to-day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. At one o'clock.
Mr. GWIN. 1 should prefer taking up the
West Point bill now. By the time the Senator
from Ohio wishes to proceed with his remarks^ I
think we can dispose of the bill,
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Ohio
may wish to proceed now; because, if a motion
is to be made at two or three o'clock to adjourn,
of course he will have no time to make his speech
unless he commences at once.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Three o'clock was the
time spoken of.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator wishes to pro-
ceed, I will not press the bill now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no objection to its
being taken up; I shall not object to it, provided
it does not interfere with the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator wishes to proceed
now, I will not make my motion. I thought it
was understood that he was to proceed at half
past one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. GWIN. I have no objection to his pro-
ceeding now, with the understanding that we shall
take up the bill after he is through.
Mr. WIGFALL. I hope the Senator will pro-
ceed now with his remarks; and as soon as he is
through we can take up the unfinished business
of yesterday
Several Senators. That is right.
Mr. WIGFALL. I have no wish to interfere
with the Senator's speech.
Mr. WADE. I am entirely willing to begin
now, or at any other time, or on any other day.
I have no particular desire about it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to taking up the bill from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs?
Mr. GWIN Yes. sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it must lie
over
PRESIDENTIAL PATRONAGE.
The VICEPRESIDENT. Ifthere be no further
morning business, the next business in order is
the resolution submitted by the Senator from
Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson*] on the 7th of Feb-
ruary, for a select committee to inquire into the
extent of the patronage of the President of the
United States.
Mr. WILSON. Lot that matter lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the resolution will lie over.
METEOROLOGICAL REPORTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The next business !
m order is the following resolution, reported by '
the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Fitch.] from the
Committee on Printing, on the 7th of February
last:
iirsoh cdy That there bo printed, in addition to the u^ual :
munbei.in quarto form, with the plates, to illustrate the
f.ame, thiee thousand copies of the report of the Coniims- ,
s-iouer oi Patent:* on meteorological ob>ervauons, for the <
u-e of the Commi^ioncr of Patents and the Secretary of
the Smithsonian institution. i
Mr. FOOTE. Let that lie overfor the present.
I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The next business
in order is the following resolution, submitted by
the Senator from California [Mr. Gwiu] on the
14th of February:
Resolved, That so much of the President's message as
refers to the construction of a Pacific railroad be referred
to a select committee, to be composed of nine members, to
be appointed by the President of the Senate.
Mr. GWIN. I hope that will lie over for the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the resolution will lie over.
PROPERTY IN TERRITORIES.
Mr. WADE. I suppose we mightas well come
directly to' the resolutions that are to be under
consideration—the resolutions offered by the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, [Mr. Brown]—on which
it is understood that I have the floor. I move,
therefore, to postpone all prior orders, with a
view of taking up those resolutions.
The motion wds agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolutions submitted by
the Senator from Mississippi on the 18th of Jan-
uary.
Mr. WADE, who was entitled to the floor,
proceeded to address the Senate, and spoke until
two o'clock, when he was interrupted, the hour
having arrived for another special order—the
homestead bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bright
in the chair.) The Senator from Ohio will allow
the Chair to suggest that the hour for the con-
sideration of the special order has arrived; and it
must be taken up, unless otherwise directed by
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the specia,
order be postponed until the Senator has finished
his remarks.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee I have no ob-
jection to its being postponed, if by general con-
sent it retain its presentposition,until the Senator
has done speaking.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is any par-
ticular hour named ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Until the Sen-
ator from Ohio has concluded his speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That order will
be made, unless there be objection. The Chair
hears none.
Mr. WADE resumed and concluded his speech.
[This speech will be found in the Appendix.]
Mr. TOOMBS. I shall detain the Senate but
a few moments in a brief reply to so much of the
remarks of the Senator from Ohio as had special
reference to myself; and if it be the pleasure of the
Senate, I will go on now, provided that by so
doing I do not interfere with my friend from
Te xas
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. The Senator
from Texas has a bill which is the unfinished
business, and the Senator from Georgia wishes
now to make a short reply to the Senator from
Ohio. By way of comity to all parties, and with
a certain expectation that the Senate will, to-mor-
row, at half past one o'clock, take up the liome-^
stead bill, I move to postpone the special order"*
until that hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The special
order is the bill (S. No. 1) to grant to every per-
son who is the head of a family and a citizen of
the United States, a homestead of one hundred
and sixty acres, &c. The Senator from Tennes-
see moves to postpone that bill until to-morrow
at half past one o'clock, and to make it the special
order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TOOMBS then addressed the Senate in
reply to the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. WADE responded.
[These speeches will be published in the Ap-
pendix.]
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire, at as early a day
as the Senate are willing to give me time, to be
heard oil this subject at some length; but I do not
wish to be heard now. I propose that this sub-
ject be deferred, and made the special order for
to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
special order for to-morrow
