1966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Democrat, who lias fought the Abolitionists for
the last twelve or fifteen years with as much zeal
and effect as any man in America; and who has
been burnt in effigy perhaps oftener than any
one else, and who is perhaps more thoroughly
feared and hated by them than any man above
ground. Immediately at his side sits,the Sena-
tor from Virginia, [Mr. Hxjnter,] with whom I
vote as frequently as with any man on this floor—
a« Senator whose statesmanlike qualities have
made him favorably known to the whole coun-
try, and whom everybody admits to be worthy of
the Presidency. Looking further along, I find
the Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] whose
resolutions I have been discussing, in whose com-
pany I was defeated in 1850, when the compro-
mise bills were passed in opposition to our views,
whose services to his country in the field and in
the civil councils are such as to render him em-
inently worthy to be presented by his State. If
I look further on, I see the Senator from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Johnson,] a native of my own State,
a gentleman whose talents and energy have en-
abled him to overcome the greatest obstacles, and
placed him in the front rank of the statesmen of
the country. If I look around, f find the Sena-
tor from Oregon, [Mr. Lane,J likewi&c a native
of my own State, whose long services to his coun-
try on the field of battle and in our civil councils
render him, too, eminently worthy of this posi-
tion. Sir, so far from endeavoring to thiow an
obstacle in the way of any one of these gentle-
men, I would be proud to aid him. There is
nothing that either of them could desire that it
would not give me sincere gratification to assist
them m. There is no personal or political object
of theirs that 1 would not like to aid them in
effecting; and if any one of them should receive
the nomination, I want no other privilege than
that of sustaining him. 1 am ready to march in
the ranks and with those who go on foot, and
wherever the struggle is hardest and the toil and
danger the greatest.
Entertaining these views, I have been disposed
to abstain as much as possible from the discus-
sion of these questions, and f really hope that we
shall not pi ess them. I think no advantage can
grow out of it. I greatly fear that 1 have occupied
more of the valuable time of the Senate than I in-
tended. 1 felt, however, that from me, in my po-
sition, some'explanation was necessary. I think
that the gentlemen on the other side of the Cham-
ber have given us a platform already. We shall
have to fight them; we had better make up our
minds to go into the contest, and meet them on the
great issue they tender us. In ten days we shall
probably have their declaration of wai from Chi-
cago, and the clash of aims will commence very
soon. It is time for uh to dose our ranks. I am
ready to fight under any flag and any standard-
bearer that may be given us. I ean adopt any of
those platforms that were presented at Charleston.
I leave all that to our political friends assembled
in convention. I know that they will present a
platform, and present a man kss objectionable to
me than the candidate on the other side. 1 regard
them as the deadly political enemies of my sec-
tion; as the enemies of the Constitution of the
United States. 1 want to embark'm the contest
and li«ht them with closed and .serried ranks on
our side. I have spoken only in behalf of the
Democratic party, of the Constitution, and the
country.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. President, I had no
intention ofjoining m this debate, or of uttering
one word on the resolutions now before the Sen-
ate.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator give way for
an executive session, and make his remarks to-
morrow ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I have very few words to
say, and 1 prefer going on now. But, sir, I have
listened with intense surprise to what has fallen
from the Senator from North Carolina this morn-
ing, and i cannot remain quiescent and by silence
appear to give consent to what he has said m re-
lation to the action of certain southern delegates
in the recent convention at Charleston.
The Senator from North Corolina thinks that
political races can best be run without the load of
principles. The Senator from North Carolina
thinks that the best way to get success in a po-
litical contest is not to bother yourself with the
baggage of principle, but to let your candidate
run with nothing on his back, and probably in
that way he may run the faster and reach the goal
the sooner. And again, the honorable Senator
thinks that, because the Cincinnati platform was
acceptable to the whole Democracy m 1856, there
is and can be no reason why Democrats who
stood on that platform at that time should be dis-
satisfied with it now.
Mr. President, let us look a little back, behind
1856, in relation to that platform, and to the living
issue on which we are separated as regards that
platform. We all remember, sir—no man can for-
get—that, in the exciting contest which took place
on the Kansas-Nebraska bill, those who were the
firmest supporters of the bill differed in principle
upon that one point which now threatens to di-
vide the Democratic party. They differed openly;
they avowed their differences; they provided for
the final settlement of those differences. Sir, when
we met in caucus, under the lead of the honorable
Senator from Illinois, who introduced the Kan-
sas-Nebraska bill, it was found that the Democrats
from the North and the Democrats from the South
could not agree in principle. The Democrats from
the South then took the position that the Consti-
tution of the United States was plain and clear.
The rights of the people of the South were placed
upon that instrument. I agree with the Senator
from Mississippi [Mr. Dams] that we have noth-
ing to do in this controversy with natural rights
or natural principles. Those rights and those
principles, which lie at the foundation of social
organization and civil government, were proper
subjects of examination and consideration with
the fathers. They did take them into considera-
tion. They decided them. They have given us
a chart by which now we are bound ail to direct
our course; and that chart is the Constitution of
our country. Resting the rights of the South upon
that Constitution, when the discussions arose upon
the Kansas-Nebraska bill, the Senators from the
South who met in caucus, or in convention, or in
primary meeting, if you choose so to say, all
ngre/'d, without a dissenting voice, that, by the
t rue construct ion of the Constitution of the United
States, the Territories belonging to the United
States were tin common pioperty of all; thatcach
State had equal rights m those Territories; that
amongst those rights was the right of the citizens
of the different Slates to emigrate to those Terri-
tories with their property of e\ery nature and kind;
and, when there, we contended that there was no
power under heaven that could drive us out of
those Territories, or deprive us therein of the pro-
tection of the Constitution and the laws, until the
people of the Teintory should make a constitu-
tion and form a State.
The Senator from Illinois did not a^rec with
us in that, lie lias been consistent. The Sena-
tor from Illinois held that there was a power in
the people of a Territory; he believed in popular
.sovereignty; he believed in some inherent right
in the people when assembled, even in the ori-
ginal inchoate shape m which they come as emi-
grants to the Teriitories, to pass laws to govern
themselves; to mold their own institutions, as he
phrased it, and included in that power the right to
act against slavery. We could notagrce. Morn-
ing after morning we met, for the purpose of
coming to some understanding upon that very
point; and it was finally understood by all, agreed
to by all, made the basis of a compromise by all
the supporters of that bill, that the Territories
should ne organized with a delegation by Con-
gress of all the power of Congress m the Terri-
tories, and that the extent of the power of Con-
giess should be determined by the courts. Firm
in our belief of our rights, conscious that in the
Constitution we had guarantee enough; knowing
that it was impossible for a judicial tribunal to
make other than one decision, we said that we
would stand by that decision when made; and if
it should be determined by the Supreme Court of
the United States that there was a power in this
Government to deprive the people of the South
of their fair share of the common Territories of
the Union, if that power in this Government ex-
isted in Congress, and if Congress delegated all
its power to the Territories, we would stand by
the decision and agree that we asserted a right
that found no warrant in the Constitution; and,
on the other hand, our brother Democrats of the
North, and the Senator from Illinois at their head,
agreed that if the Supreme Court of the United
States should determine that the Congress of the
United States had no power to interfere with
southern rights in the Territories, if, conse-
quently, we had not the power that we could del-
egate at all, then the Democrats of the North
would join us in showing respect and obedience
to that decision, and stand with us on the princi-
ple that we advocated as the true one. None of
us supposed at the time that the decision would
come so quick. None of us knew of the exist-
ence of a controversy then pendingin the Federal
courts that would lead almost immediately to the
decision of that question. We provided in the
Kansas act itself; we introduced an express clause
having for its avowed object to bring that ques-
tion before the courts for decision.
Well, sir, the question did come before the
courts^ and the Supreme Court of the United
States, in the decision in the Dred Scott case, has
determined—gentlemen say it is no decision—as
doctrine, or as opinion, or in some way has de-
clared that the Congress of the United States has
no power so to legislate as to destroy the rights
of the people of the South in their slave property
in the Territories, and the judges have said as a
proposition, so clear that it required no argument,
that the Congress possessing no such power, it
was plain that it could give none to the Territorial
Legislature. I do not understand that the gen-
tlemen from the North, the members of the Dem-
ocratic party, controvert that.
But at a time when we supposed that we all at
length stood upon one common platform; that we
had at last a guide and a pole star by which the
Demociatic party could guide the ship of State, a
sudden and alarming heresy sprung up in the
North, and somethingwas said about the right of
the LegislatureofthcTerritoriesnot to destroy sla-
very; uot to abolish it; not to confiscate by direct
legislation the rights of the citizens of the South
who might find themselves in the Territories with
their property, but, by a side blow, by indirec-
tion, and by failure to perform duty, by "un-
friendly legislation," to do that which constitu-
tionally they had no power to do by any direct
effoit of legislative will. Now, sir, the Cincin-
nati platform, with which the gentleman from
North Carolina seems to be so much in love, and
which lie thinks is sufficient for the constitutional
rights of the South, would be sufficient for that
purpose, is sufficient for that purpose properly
construed; but when the delegates of a great party
assembled together from all portions of the Con-
federacy recently met, and the proposition was
made to them to adopt the Cincinnati platform, it
was made under what circumstances and with
what view ? it was made with a knowledge of
every man in that convention that two distinctly
opposite interpretations were put upon that plat-
form—one at the South, and the other at the
North.
Mr CLINGMAN. The Senator will allow
me to ask him if these two opinions were not upon
whether a Territorial Legislature could legislate
for or against slavery ? Are those the opinions
to which he refers 51
Mr. BENJAMIN. The opposite constructions
are put in several points. One point is, whether
the Territorial Legislature has a right to abolish
slavery in the Territories or not, before forming
a State constitution; and another is, whether or
not it is the duty of the Federal Government to
protect the rights of the people of the South in
the Territories". Upon those two points opposite
interpretations and opposite principles exist, and
were developed in the Charleston convention.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will answer the gentle-
man when he is through.
Mr. PUGH. Do I understand the gentleman
to say that every member of the convention
agreed that the platform had received two inter-
pretations, or that it was susceptible of it?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that opposite
interpretations were plainly and openly given to
that platform in convention, by men whose good
faith no man has ever yet disputed to my knowl-
edge.
Mr.PUGH. I do not think that was the ground
of the difference of opinion at all. I said there
never were two interpretations that could be fairly
given to it; that the platform purposely, in the
language of the Senator from North Carolina, re-
ferred that question to judicial tribunals; that the
difference of opinion arose upon the judicial ques-
