1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1987
tion; it did not arise upon the platform; and that
consequently it was a false accusation. I say
that certainly in no unkind spirit to the Senator;
but I say the platform is not susceptible of two
interpretations; that it referred a controversy to
arbitration. There might be a difference of opin-
ion as to the particular arbitration of it, but there
was none as to the terms of submission.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I read, Mr. President, with
as much attention as I was capable of, everything
that occurred in that convention, and I saw the
statement over and over again made in the con-
vention, and not controverted, tSat different opin-
ions were put upon that platform in different parts
of the country.
Mr. PUGH. I certainly controverted it for one.
I do riot recollect who else may have stated it. It
may have been repeated a great many times; but I
did controvert it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Now, sir, I say, in rela-
tion to that Cincinnati platform, which the Sena-
tor from North Carolina seems to think ought to
have amply sufficed the South, and to have suf-
ficed the Democratic party, these two opposite in-
terpretations were known to be intended to be
given to it. Further, 1 say this: I say it was
avowed at Charleston, over and over again, that
if a construction was given to that platform by
which it should be clearly stated that the people
of the South were entitled to have their slaves pro-
tected in the Territories against any direct inter-
ference, either by congressional or territorial
legislation; if that was avowed; if the doctrine of
the party was asserted to be that the Legislature
of the Territory, whilst a Territory existed in its
inchoate organization, had no right to interfere
with slavery, then it was said, again and again,
that no northern State could be carried upon that
ground.
Mr. CLINGMAN. On the question as to
whether a Territorial Legislature could legislate
against slavery or for it, I asked the Senator
whether that would not necessarily be a question
which a court must determine; that if the Legis-
lature legislated or acted in any way, could we,
by our opinions, settle it; or is it not, from neces-
sity, a judicial question?
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is directing
me entirely out of the line of my argument. 1
must beg him to allow me to proceed in my line.
That is not at all what I am at. It has no refer-
ence at ail to my line of argument.
I say this: I say that distinctly opposite inter-
pretations, or distinctly opposite principles, if
you choose, in relation to southern rights under
the Constitution, were avowed at Charleston, by
men professing all to be Democrats; and that, in
my judgment, it is a brand upon the good faith
of the Democratic party; it is an imputation upon
their honor; it is unworthy of them, and un-
worthy of us ail, that we should go before the
people of this country and ask their votes in fa-
vor of one party or another, with the avowed
purpose of piesentmg opposite interpretations or
opposite sets of principles in the two sections of
the Confederacy, as being the principles of a com-
mon party, and forming a common party creed.
I say that I will never be a party to any such con-
test as that. Ifl go into an electoral contest, I
want to know the principles of the party with
which I act, and I want, betore the people of my
State, before the people oi the country, to declare
those principles, to stand by them, to find them
written in letters of hght, so that no man can
dare misconstrue them, and by them to stand,
and with them, if need be, fall.
That 1 understand to have been the position of
the delegation of Louisiana at Charleston. Talc-
ing that position, determined that they wouldnot
palter io public prejudices by using words ill any
double sense; that all that they did and all they
said must go forth to the country incapable of
misconstruction; when they found it impossible
to have the principles upon which alone they
could «o into the presidential contest, stated thus
clearly and thus plainly, they withdrew, rightly
withdrew, honorably withdrew. I applaud them,
1 approve them. 1 stand by them. I think they
did as became high-nunded and honorable citi-
zens. 1 think the State will show itself grateful
to them for their act.
in say mg this, Mr. President, I do not mean for
one nn.uii'Ht to pass judgment upon the action of
those delegations who thought proper to pursue
a different course. I believe that those delegations
were equally faithful to their principles as the
delegation from my own State. I believe them
I to have been equally single-minded in relation to
j the principles upon which this contest was to be
j waged; but they were more hopeful. They be-
I lieved, they hoped, they trusted, that before that
i convention should adjourn, the members of the
I Democratic party from the northern States, again
beingappealed to, would reconsider theirdecision, !
would consen t to an enunciation of principles upon !
which tlfe party could stand;and if that occurred, !
tiiey were willing to continue in action with the
! national organization of the Democratic party,
j If they did not, they had declared, with no doubt-
ful voice, their intention of standing by those
that withdrew. The only possible reason that j
J could induce the southern delegations to aban-1
! don tile national organization, or the delegates
oven in national convention, was that their prin- ;
eiples could not be maintained, and those dele-1
gates that remained behind hoped that before the j
' adjournment of that convention those principles i
| would be avowed, would be spread upon the party :
! banner; and upon that being done, they hoped to !
! bring back their southern brethren, and thus re- I
unite the Democratic party upon a basis of prin-
ciple, not a basis of plunder or of spoils. I think J
that, before any of us are six weeks older, we will j
find that the whole Democratic party is reunited ;
upon a basis of principle. I think, before we are
six weeks older, we shall find that northern gen-
tlemen who, in that convention,-did not hesitate in
private conversation to avow their conviction that
the southerners were right in relation to the prin-
ciples that they claimed, and who refused that re- |
cognition of principles solely upon the ground of
expediency, will see the error of their ways, and
will add one more to the long line of examples I
that honesty is thebest policy,and expediency the
worst of all the possible policies when principle is .
to be sacrificed to that expediency. !
Now, Mr. President, one word more  j
Mr. CLINGMAN rose. ]
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will give the Senator from ;
North Carolina an opportunity in a moment. I
desire to say now all that I have to say upon this j
subject. There were one or two other points I j
jotted down in the course of his remarks, and I I
will look over my notes and see if there is any-
thing else to be said.
The honorable Senator from North Carolina
makes reference to allusions made by the South
to the fact, that all the Democratic electoral votes
in the convention voted one way, and all those J
States which could not be relied upon for votes
voted the other way; and then he says it is not J
generous for us to taunt our Democratic brethren
with this matter; and he makes of the Palmetto
regiment upon tlie plains of Mexico an example
of the condition of the northern wing of the Deni-1
ocratic party, and asks us what we should think
of the jestice of General Scott, if, after that gal- i
lant legimcnt had been beaten down in battle in
supporting the cause of his country, he had then
turned to them and said he did not require their ;
services any longer, and had given preference to ;i
new levies. Mr. President, I agree with every ;
word that that honorable Senator said in honor
of the faithful and gallant defenders of the Con-
stitution at the North, who, in the midst of pop-
ular clamor, unawedby the outcries of a fanatical .
population, looking with a single eye to the Con-
stitution, and the preservation of the Union, which j
depends on the preservation and maintenance of;
i the Constitution—I say, I agree with every word :
I that he has said in honor of that gallant band, and ;
; am willing to go further than he who here goes j
j furthest m rendering them the honor which is their '
I due; but, sir, to what northern Democrats does
! the 'honorable Senator allude as entitled to this
i honor ? I look to the men who have never fal-
1 tered, and neither directly nor indirectly have
given countenance to a violation of the Constitu-
tion or of the equal rights of the States under it.
I honor the northern Democrats, who are willing |
' to go just as far as the Constitution leads them, I
; and do not trip up or falter on the way. looking 1
I around timidly to see how the constituencies will
! back them. Those are the Democrats I honor,
I and those are the Democrats that I am evei icady
i to put in high places whenever they will deign to
j accept them as homage and testimonials ofgrati-1
i tnde from the South. I go as far as any man can i
go in honoring them; but I am not willing that
these high testimonials of gratitude and admira-
tion shall be squandered upon all, because then
they become valueless. I want them confined to
the true men, and to them alone. I am not will-
ing.to pour out these priceless riches of southern
gratitude and southern honors upon men that fal-
ter in the faith, and that propose to break down
southern rights by indirection when unable to do
it by direct appeals to principle. I am sorry, sir,
to be obliged to say what I am saying; but I can-
not say less, in view of what has fallen from the
honorable Senator from North Carolina. It is
my duty that my people shall know my senti-
ments ; and it is my duty, so far as I know, to re-
echo their sentiments on this floor, particularly
when they are accordant with my own. Those
are my opinions, and I believe them to be
theirs.
Now, the honorable Senator says he is willing
to go with Democrats upon almost any platform;
that almost any one that we can elect would ba
preferable to the adversaries against whom we are
to be opposed.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I said any of those pro-
posed. I alluded to those proposed in the con-
vention.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I suppose so. Now, Mr.
President, I am not. I am not willing to go for
any man, I do not care whether his name has been
proposed or not, who is not willing to stand upon
a platform of principle, of constitutional principle:
I am willing togoforany man, whether named or
not, who will pledge his honor to stand faithfully
and squarely upon a platform of sound principles;
and when a platform of sound constitutional prin-
ciple shall be adopted by a Democratic convention,
satisfactory to me, with" my views of constitutional
right, and satisfactory to my people—principles
satisfactory to my people, 1 say; I care not for
men—then you may put upon that platform any
man who can stand upon it honorably, and I wiil
vote for him; I will maintain him; I will canvass
my State in his behalf; I will spend all my time
and all my breath in his cause, wherever, when-
ever, and however, I may be asked by his friends.
That far, sir, 1 am willing to go; but I have no
stomach for a fight in which I am to have the
choice between a man who denies me all my rights
openly and fairly and a man who admits my rights
but intends to filch them. I have no choice there.
I can go for neither of these men; notthat I admit
or would suggest for a moment that anybody has
any such intention; but I say that unless we can
get such a platform of principle as shall secure the
constitutional rights of the South, I will go for no
man, the nominee of the Democratic party or not.
If we can get such a platform; if we can get such
an enunciation of principle to go into the fight
on, then I will go with any man who will stand
on that platform and honestly and honorably
declare that he will carry it out. That far I can
go; and if I cannot reach that point, of having a
clear, open combat between principle and error,
between right and heresy, then I am not in the
combat at all; but I will join any third party that
will join me in putting up a platform of principle,
and putting on that platform of sound constitu-
tional principle any proper representative honor-
ably bound to maintain it. That is my position,
and that is the position of the people of my State.
If they can get a platform adopted at Baltimore
which shall recognize their rights; if they can get
the party pledged to uphold those rights, it is not
too late; cheerfully and willingly will they come
back into the Democratic fold. If that platform
is not given, then they will not be the only ones
out. If that platform is not accorded, then, one
after the other, every Democratic State that holds
to principle and stands on principle will follow
the men who have given the gallant example; and
then we shall see in our appeal before the country
which is the true Democracy of the Union.
Mr. President, we may speak of Democracy,
or Whiggery, Union Constitutional parties, or
Black Republican parties; every man knows and
feels that the crisis is grave, and that the fate of
the country is at issue. I do not know when,in
the whole course of my life, I felt such an utter
shrinking of my whole being; I do not lcwow
whether I ever felt my heart sink within me as it
did at the news that the Democratic party was
about to break into two sectional divisions. I said
if this cannot be avoided; if this last remaining
