1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3
Mr. GARNETT. X submit, Mr. Cleric, that
it is not within the power of the House to atop
debate. The question is, wh& shall we elect
Speaker ? and I contend that the gentleman from
Missouri has a right to proceed, which this House
cannot control, unless by rules previously adopted.
We have, as yet, adopted no rules; and I think that
he has the right to proceed, as he desires, with
remarks going to show why certain candidates
before this House ought not to be elected Speaker.
The usage has been for the Glerk to decide such
points of order.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Under the Con-
stitution of the United States I have rights as a
member upon this floor which 1 deny this House
can deprive me of. I demand, as a constitutional
right, that I be allowed to proceed with my re-
marks. I call upon you, Mr. Clerk, as the only
organ at present of this House, to decide the ques-
tion; it cannot be submitted to the House.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state that he
has carefully examined this subject, and can
find no authority conferred upon him as Clerk of
the former House, except to put questions, when
raised, to the House for its decision. He will not,
therefore, take upon himself the power to decide
this question.
Mr. FLORENCE demanded the yeas and nays
on the question.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. As an individual
member of this House, I claim the right to be
heard; and I deny the power of the House to de-
prive me of it. I decide it for myself; and I will
therefore proceed with my remarks. I claim the
right under the Constitution.
Mr. CURTIS. To what constitution does the
gentleman refer, when he claims the right to pro-
ceed under the Constitution? If he has the right, j
I have the right.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I claim the right
to proceed under the Constitution of the United
States. [Cries of " Question!" " Question!"] I
claim the right to proceed.
The CLERK. The pomt of order has been
made, and the Clerk does not feel that he has the
power to decide it. He knows of no other way
to decide it than by submitting it to the House.
Mr. STEWART, of Maryland. Let the ques-
tion be submitted, and let the majority determ-
ine it.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I could show pre-
cedent for what I ask, if I had time, and our desks
had not been taken away from us.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GARNETT. What is the point of order?
The CLERK. Whether the gentleman from
Missouri shall be permitted to proceed to submit
remarks, there being no question hefore the
House ?
Mr. KEITT. There is a question before the
House.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will offer a reso-
lution, and there will then be a question before
the House.
The CLERK. It is not in order, according to
the Manual, to offer a resolution unless the pomt
of order be withdrawn.
Mr. CRAIGE, of North Carolina. With def-
erence to the Clerk. I think he lias mis-stated the
question of order. The Clerk stated the question
to be whether the gentleman fromMissoun should
be permitted to proceed, there being no question
before the House. I insist that there is a ques-
tion before the House, and that is, the election ol
a Speaker.
Mr. KILGORE. I presume that this matter
can be settled without difficulty. From the con-
sultation I have been enabled to have, I think
gentlemen on this aide of the House will consent
to an adjournment after another vote has been
taken. I think there is no doubt about it.
Mr CLARK, of Missouri. I want to make one
suggestion to the gentleman who has demanded
the yeas and nays. If that call is withdrawn, I
will offer a resolution; and then there can be no
question that there will be something before the
House. I had supposed there was a great deal
before us; but to obviate any objection of that
kind, I have a resolution which I will offer, if the
gentleman will withdraw the demand for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. "KILGORE. I would suggest that it he
the understanding that after another vote shall
have been taken, the House shall adjourn.
Mr. McQ,UEEN. I object to any arrangement
or concert whatever. I want no compromises in
reference to this election, and I object to any being
made.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. It has been sug-
gested, I understand, that, as a certain number of
the members on this side of the House are ab-
sent, an equal number on the other side be with-
drawn, and that the voting be then proflfeded
with. [Laughter.]
Mr. KILGORE. I feel certain that, after an-
other vote, the members on this side of the House
will consent to adjourn.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I withdraw my ap-
plication to make remarks, and offer this resolu-
tion;
Whereas certain members of this House, now in nom-
ination for Speaker, did indoise and recommend the book
hereinafter mentioned,
Resolved, That the doctrines and sentiments of a certain
book, called " The Impending Crisis of the South—How to
meet it," purporting to have been written by one Ilinton
R Ileiper, are insurrectionary and hostile to the domestic*
peace and tranquillity of the country, and that no member
of this House who has indorsed and recommended it, or
tlie eompend from it, is fit to be Speaker of this Ilnuse.
[Applause in the galleries, accompanied with
hisses.]
I will now proceed with my remarks on that
resolution.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. It seems to me that, in the
present condition of the House, there are but two
things in order, one "is a motion to adjourn, and
another is to proceed to another ballot. I think
it has been so decided on a former occasion. I
submit to the Clerk if it is not so.
The CLERK. The Cleric will remark, that
the question, under like circumstances, seems to
have been decided both ways a number of times,
and he has not been able to determine which way
the preponderance of decisions has been. If the
point of order is made, he will submit it to the
House for their decision.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I suppose I can
debate the question' of order.
Several Members. Oh, certainly.
Mr STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I submit
that the question of order must be decided with-
out debate.
Mr. FLORENCE. Under what rule ? v
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope I will now
be allowed to proceed. Sir, in view of the crisis
of this country, representing as I do a constitu-
ency in a border State, adjoining the non-slave-
holding States of this Union; representing a
slaveholding constituency, and claiming that
constituency to be equal m intelligence, equal in
patriotism, and equal in morals to that of any
other gentleman m this House; I should be recre-
ant to that constituency, recreant to my own self
respect, and a traitor to our common country, if I
failed to titter before this deliberative body, which
is presumed to be to a great extent the embodi-
ment of the intelligence and the will of the great
American people, my condemnation of sentiments
such as have been indorsed by gentlemen on the
other side of the House, who are now presented
as candidates for the position of Speaker.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I rise to a
question of order.
Mr. PHELPS. There is one question of or-
der already pending.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I make the
point that the gentleman from Missouri must
confine himself to the question of ordesfcwhether
thc resolution is in order or not. Ire has no
right to discuss other matters.
The CLERK. The Clerk cannot undertake to
decide whether the gentleman from Missouri is
confining himself to the question of order or not.
If the point of order be insisted on, he must sub-
mit the question to the House.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I hope gentlemen
on the other side of the House will bear with me,
and not get unhappy before "I hale had an op-
portunity to deliver the sentiments which I pro-
pose to deliver, and place upon the political rec-
ords of the country, in reference to deeds which
strike at the peace of the people of this Union,
and at the perpetuity of the Union itself. No
wonder they are unhappy and want to stop de-
bate, when the constituents of members upon
this floor have been incited by their representa-
tions and by their advice, to insurrection, to
treason, to bloodshed, and to murder.
Mr. Clerk, we have passed through many-
gloomy periods since the foundation' of this Gov-
ernment; we have passed through two wars since
the war of Independence, but we have been a
united and happy people; we have grown from a
few weak States to a great Confederacy, which
now challenges the admiration of the civilised
world.
Mr. STANTON. I apprehend that nobgdy
desires to remain here. If the object of gentle-
men on the other side of the House is simply to
gain time, we might just as well adjourn. W,e
,can do no good by remaining here. We know
that gentlemen on the other side of the House can
consume the day; if that be their object. It seems
to me unprofitable to remain longer. I therefore
ask the gentleman from Missouri to give way, and
allow me to move-that the House adjourn until
twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I will say to the
gentleman from Ohio, that my purpose is higher
than merely to consume time. My purpose is to
place facts before the country.
Mr. STANTON. I wish to say this to the
gentleman from Missouri. The kind of discus-
sion which the gentleman proposes to engage in,
it seems tome, would be much more appropriate,
and could be much better managed, if the House
were organized, with a presiding officer in the
chair. Ipropose,therefore,thathe shallgiveVa*
and allow the House to adjourn now.
The CLERK. Does the gentleman from Mis.
souri yield for a motion to adjourn ?'
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. If the gentleman
from Ohio proposes an adjournment, I will yield
for that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I understood
the gentleman from Missouri to state that he vrould
be satisfied to allow the vote to be taken, if as many
members on this side would withdraw as are absent
on his side.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Not at all. I
understood that that proposition was made, but
I afterwards found it was not; and I will now
proceed with my remarks unless the' motion be
made to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I hope the
fentleman from Ohio will. not move to adjourn.
'hese things must come out, and they might just
as well come out now.
Mr. STANTON. If gentlemen on the other
side choose to take the responsibility of pre-
venting further balloting, I see no reason why
we should remain here. As they have avowed
that purpose, and assumed the responsibility, I
take upon myself the responsibility, without can-
suiting anybody else, of moving that the House
adjourn until to-morrow, at twelve o'clock.
Mr. LOVEJOY called for the yeas and nays
upon the motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
' Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I want it under-
stood that Jjield only for a motion to adjourn,
and hold the floor for to-morrow.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 113, nays 115; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adrain, Alien, Thomas L. Anderson,
William C. Anderson, Ashmore, Avery, Barksdale, Bail',
Barrett, Boeock, ISonham, Boteler, Bonligny, Boyce, Brab-
son, Branch, Rriggs, Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark,
Clemens, Clopton, Cobb, John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox,
James Craig, Burton Cralge, Crawford, Curry, Davithon,
II. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Reuben Davis, De-
jarnette, Dimmiek, Edmundson, English, Etheridge, Flor-
ence, Fouke, Gamett,Gartrell, Gilmer, Hardeman, J. Mor-
rison Harris, John T. Harris, Hattou, Hawkins, Hill,
Hindman. Holtnan, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, 'jones, Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar, Larrabee, Leake,
Logan, Love, Maelav, Mallory, Charles D. Martin, Elbert
S. Martin, Maynard, MeClernand, McQueen, MeRae,
Miles, Millson, Montgomery, Laban T. Moore, Sydenham
Moore, Isaae N. Morris, Niblacls, Noell, Pendleton, Pey-
ton, Phelps, Pryor, Pugh, Quarles, Reagan, Rigg«, James
C. Robinson, Kutfin, Scott. Sickles, Slmrns. Singleton,Wil-
liam Smith, William N. II. Smith, Stanton, Stevenson,
James A. Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Taylor, Theaker,
Thomas, Underwoocf, Vallandigham, Vance, Webster,
Whiteley, Winslow, Woodson, and Wright—113.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles P. Adams, Aldrieh, Alley,
Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Brayton,
BristoV, Buffinton, Builingame, Burnham, fiunoughs,
Butterfield, Campbell, Caiey, Carter, Case, Horace l\
Clark, Colfax, Conkhn, Corwin, Covode, Curtis; Daw«s,
Delano, JJuell, Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Famsworth, Fenton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, Frepoh, uopch,
Graham, Grow, Gurlev, Hale, Hall, Hasfci , Jlelmldc,
Hickman, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutehins, Irvine, Junkrn,
Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Kilgore^
I DeWitt C. Leach, James M, keaeh. Lee, Longnecker,
' Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McLean, MeKmght, McPher-
I son, Milhvard, "MoorheaU, Momil, Edward Joy Morris,
