2912
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i
June 13.
salary, in addition to the amount received by him,
according to the salary fixed by law. Besides,
he will get, under the bill, all the claims that have
been suspended—$3,000, or more—1 do not know
how much; God only knows the extent of them.
Here will be eight or ten thousand dollars for his
twenty-one months' service.
I will not discuss it further. I leave it to the
Senate to say whether this man shall have this
money. As I have shown, General Palmer pe-
titioned for the same increase, and certainly the
same increased salaries should be given to others
who served at least as faithfully as this man. I
hope that my amendment will be adopted; for it
provides for all alike. It puts the honest and the
dishonest on the same footing. It does justice to
those gentlemen who have performed the duties,
and now live in Oregon, who were always at
their posts and never seeking to get more than
the law allowed them. I hope there will be no
discrimination, and that these gentlemen will
have the justice extended to them by giving to
each of them the same salary which you allow
to this man.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask the Senate to come
now, if we can, to a vote on this bill, and that we
dispose of it.
The amendment was rejected—ayes 13, noes
24.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on ordering the bill to be read a third
time.
Mr. LANE. I move to amend the bill by strik-
ing out all „of it that relates to salary, and then
give him a chance to come in with his new claims,
under a law authorizing a readjustment; and I
hope, as the Senate have declined raising the sal-
ary of others to the same amount that is provided
by the hill, they will strike out all the bill that
relates to the increased salary. I call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I am very glad to see the
Senator put the question in that way, because it
tests the merits of the hi)!, if the amendment be
adopted, it of course leaves hut a fragment behind.
That touches the merits of the case. I hope the
friends of the bill will stand by it and not agree
to the amendment.
Mr. HUNTER. Is there not a special order
now—an appropriation bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill is
the unfinished business of yesterday.
Several Senators. Let us vote on this bill.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. We only want to take the
vote on this. 1 hope the Senator from Virginia
will allow us to do so.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is upon the amendment moved by the Senator
from Oregon, to strike out of the bill all thatpoi-
tioii relative to the increased salary.
Mr. HUNTER. If the Senate is ready to vote,
I have nothing to say. If it is not, I think we
ought to take up the appropriation bill. [" Let
ns vote."]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion js on the amendment of the Senator from
Oregon, on which the yeas and nays have been
asked.
The yeas and nays weie ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 2i, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Bayaid. Brasg, Blight, Brown,Ciiesnut,
Davis, Fitei), FitxpatnckjOrocn, Hammond, Iluntei, Ivci-
eoii, Johnson of Tennessee, L«m<\ NfelioKo'n, Polk, Powell,
Saulsfoury, Slide)!, Wigiall, and Yuleo—:2t.
NAY'S—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark, Coliamer, Crittenden, J >i\on, Doohulo, Dutl,re,
Foot, Fo-uer, Grimes, Ilamhn, Ilailan, Hemphill, Kennedv,
Mallory, Sebastian, Seward, Simmon-*, S u inner. Ten Eyek,
Toombs, Tiumbuiij Wade, and Wilson—27.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. DAVIS. Before the question is taken on
the passage of the bill, I wish to say a few words.
This is the inauguration of a new policy, allow-
ing a retrospective salary, and giving a man who
accepted an office with a fixed salary an increase
of salary; and if it is applicable to tins ease it is
applicable to every other. It has been very rare
in my experience 
Mr. HUNTER. It is evident that this bill is
to be debated. I hope we shall get up the appro-
priation bill, and go on with it. I have not inter-
fered with the morning hour. This is business
of the morning hour. It is now after twelve
o'clock.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order must be taken up if it be insisted upon.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I move to postpone the
special order for a few minutes. Certainly, when
we have so nearly got through with a difficult
and tedious matter, we shall best economize time
by devoting the few minutes necessary to finish
it. I do not intend myself to open my lips this
morning, though I have had provocation enough
to do it.
Mr. HALE. Say ten minutes.
Mr. HUNTER. Postpone this bill, and fix it
for half past eleven o'clock to-morrow morning.
Evidently ten minutes now will not suffice. If
postponed until to-morrow morning, the vote can
then be taken.
Mr. FITCH. I must object to fixing to-mor-
row for it, because I desire then to call up the
printing bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator from Arkansas submit a motion in reference
to the special order?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I submit a distinct motion
to postpone the special order for ten minutes.
The motion was agreed to; there being, on a
division—ayes twenty-eight; noes not counted.
Mr. DAVIS. I wasabout to remark that seldom,
in my experience, has it been found otherwise
than that an officer, after enjoying bis position
for a short time, believed his*salary too low. If
his office is temporary, his first object after getting
it is to make it permanent, and the next to raise
the salary. As stated by the Senator from Ore-
gon, who has investigated this subject—which I
admit I have done to but a very small extent—
the other persons similarly situated to this offi-
cer whose claim is before us, are recommended
in like terms by the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, and are alike applicants for an increase of
salary. I infer from nis remarks they ought to
have the preference. I am an exception to the
rule the Senator has stated, when he said that the
claimant has been boring all the Senators. He
has not bored me. I do not know him, and am
indebted to him for never having asked me
to vote for his bill; he has never troubled me
with it; but I think it wrong in principle. He
had his option, when the office was tendered
to him, to accept it or decline it. If he had de-
clined it, I doubt not we should have found some
other person equally competent to perform its
duties.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Will the Senator allow me
a word?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I merely wish to ask the
Senator if he remembers the statement I gave yes-
terday of the exceptional circumstances under
which this officer accepted this office, which took
it out of the general rule ? He was not satisfied
with the salary, and the officers of the Govern-
ment here promised to have it raised; and he went
under that assurance, showing that it was not
enough at the time, and no person recognized it
as enough. I stated these circumstances, and
acknowledged the soundness of the general prin-
ciple. I brought forward the evidence to show
that there were particular circumstances that took
this case out of the general rule. I presume the
Senator from Mississippi has forgotten my state-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS. The question returns to the Sen-
ator from Arkansas whether that is on record.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. It isamong the files in the
office of theComnussioner.of Indian Affairs. This
assurance was given by the Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, and by the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs of this body at that time,
General Atchison.
Mr. DAVIS. Do I understand the Senator
to say that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
and the chairman of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, as a condition on which this individual
accepted the appointment, agreed to raise his sal-
ary ?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will state that they could
not agree to it, and did not agree to it; but the
then Commissioner of Indian Affairs said the sal-
ary was fixed at 500 by mistake; that the in-
tention was to raise itto |4,000; and thathc would
make that recommendation; which he did. The
then chairman of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs of this body, General Atchison, of Missouri,
promised to move an amendment in the Senate,
which he neglected to do, as he says upon record,
and in consequence of that the omission was
made- As soon as this officer found out that
there was no prospect of raising it, he resigned
the office.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not see that the statement
of the Senator from Arkansas makes out a case.
It appears that the officer wanted a higher salary;
that his friends wanted to get a higher salary for
him. If the Senator will point mo to an instance
in the Government where the same fact does not
exist, I shall be obliged to him. Let him point
out one man who does not want his salary raised,
orone man whose friends do not desiie it. If that
be the universal rule, why this exception? The
Senator from Oregon offered this morning an
amendment to put others upon the same footing
who were in like circumstances; but it was voted
down—voted down by the friends of this special
bill.
But the Senator from Arkansas, in his argument
in connection with this matter—for I always listen
to him, and recollected his remark; if he had not
repeated it, 1 should not have neglected it—endeav-
ored to prove yesterday that this would not be a
precedent. Why not? After the officer has ceased
to serve the Government, we are asked to recon-
sider the question of the salary which was fixed
when he accepted his appointment, and to increase
the salary: that is the proposition. There is no
plea that any extraordinary services were ren-
dered. As far as that attempt has been made, it
has been answered by the Senator from Oregon,
who shows that the only thing exceptional in his
service was his absence from his post, and the
only extraordinary feature in his allowance was
an amount of postal claim which I think was as-
tonishing. Unless he was the editor of a daily
newspaper, I can hardly understand how he wrote
so much, and how he had such a large account
for postage. It is a precedent for every case where
an officer chooses to come after a lapse of years
and ask that an extraordinary allowance be made;
my experience, 1 will say, is, that those who are
the least useful to the Government are those who
are most importunate for increase of salary and
extraordinary allowances. They have plenty of
leisure on hand to spend m besetting Congress for
an increase of salary, and for making extraordi-
nary allowances in their favor. But the argument
made, as I understand it, by the Senator yester-
day, was, that we were not to make an allowance
toothers, because they had not asked for it. This,
sir, is truly encouraging to those who advocate the
sacred right of petition. All a man has to do, then,
to show that the Government should pay him
money, is to beset Congress and press upon them
importunately, like the widow of the Holy Book,
that they may give him more money for an office
which at first, I suppose, he was equally impor-
tunate to get!
The expense of living in Oregon and California
was high, certainly, as stated by the Senator.
That consideration belongs to every civil officer
who resided there. It may be that we should
except this case, which, according to the Senator
from Oregon, was that of an officer residing in
Washington city. A very little portion of the
time for which he claims extraordinary allowances
was spent in Oregon, according to the statement
of the Senator from Oregon. If he was not there,
the extraordinary price of living in Oregon does
not seem to have any bearing on his case. But
he was here, it seems, and had ins traveling ex-
penses for coming here, and extraordinary allow-
ances for staying here.
Really,Mr. Piesident, this is the niostextrava-
gant claim on the liberality of Congress which I
have ever seen. If the character of the service
rendered had been of so highly meritorious a char-
acter as to make this officer an exception to all
others of his class; if he had encountered toil and
danger, in preventing Indian warfare on the bor-
ders; if he had exposed his person by remaining
at his post among hostile Indians, I should have
been more ready to believe he htid need for extraor-
dinary expenses. His service to the public would
have been a claim sufficient to command a favora-
ble regai d. But when his services seem to have been
in Washington, and in the use of reams of paper;
in traveling, and getting paid for traveling; in not
