1968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8.
national organization is again to be divided, and
principle is to fall in the struggle for power and for
place, then at last we have reached that point
which the Father of his Country foresaw with
dismay,and which all who heed his counsels dread
to see arise—the day when the people of this
country will be divided, in relation to the rights
and the interests they respectively own, by a geo-
graphical sectional line. Up to this hour it has
been our boast that the Democratic party was the
only national party in the field. Up to this time
it has been our boast that we had not yet been
divided into North and South. We have made it
a reproach to our adversaries, that they have not
a solitary voice raised in their behalf south of
Mason and Dixon's line. We have called upon
the people of the North to put down a party that
could not raise a solitary voice in the South. Now
we, we are to do the same thing; the Democratic
party is to follow the old Whig party. The mem-
bers of the Democratic party from the northern
States are to go into the Black Republican ranks,
fust as the members of the Whig party from the
northern States went into the Know Nothing, and
then in the Black Republican ranks. The southern
Democrats are to remain alone. At least this
seemed to be the result on the first news that-came
from Charleston.
Bat, sir, when we came to analyze what had
been done, we found that the calamity was not so
great as anticipated by us, or appeared to be ex-
ulted over on the other side. We found that the
whole Pacific slope was with us. We found that
we had a majority of two other gallant northern
Democratic States; and we found we had a large
body of northern Democrats, whose voice had
been stifled in the convention by the adoption of
the rule imposed by their State conventions, which
required that the State votes should be given as
units. We found, upon analysis, there was a ma-
jority of States for a sound platform; and we found,
upon further analysis, that there was a majority
of delegates per capita in favor of a sound plat-
form; that a sound constitutional platform had
only been voted down by a series of tactics which
took the votes of the delegates, part by States rec-
ognized as units, the other part by States divided;
so as, wherever there was a minority in our favor,
the voice of that minority should be stilled, and
wherever there was a minority against us, that mi-
nority should be heard; or, 111 other words, all the
minorities for and against us were counted against
us. In that way it was easy to show an apparent
fictitious majority.
Mr. PUGII. Will the Senator tell me the
States in which the minority was suppressed? I
should like to hear one of them.
Air. BENJAMIN. Your own State, Oluo, and
New Yoik.
Mr. PUGII. There was no minority on that
question in Ohio—not one delegate.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Oluo, New Yorkflndiana,
and other States. I have not the list before me.
Numbers of delegates from all those States, agree-
ing with us upon the'platform, could not vote.
Tlse votes of their States were cast by units.
Mr. PUGII. I need not speak for any other
State; but the platform adopted at Charleston had
previously been adopted by a unanimous vole in
the Democratic convention in Ohio; and 1 do not
think a single delegate from the State, in any r.it-
cumsfances would have voted for the proposition
which the Senator has announced to-day; nor do
I believe there is a Democrat in the State who
would do it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I shall not go into a dis-
pute with the Senator from Ohio in relation to the
votes or principles of particular members of his
own delegation; but 1 believe it is a fact which
cannot be concealed, which is known to the coun-
try, which is known to numerous gentlemen sit-
ting upon tins floor, thatm that convention, if the
vote upon the platform of principles had been ta-
ken per capita, the platform adopted by the major-
ity of States would have carried.
Mr. PUGH. I think not.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I thmk it can be demon-
strated, and carried by a decided majority. How
did New York vote upon that platform?
Mr. PUGH. Which platform?
Air. BENJAMIN. Upon the platform of the
majority.
Mr, PUGH. She voted thirty-five against it.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Does not the gentleman
know that there were twelve who would vote for
the platform of the majority of the States ?
Mr, PUGH. I do not know. I know the con-
vention of New York would not appoint them ex-
cept under instructions to vote as a unit. I know
several southern States voted as a unit; so that
it is as broad as It is long.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It is very easy for the prac-
ticed dialectics of the Senator from Ohio to evade
the point. I am not talking about what the State
conventions instructed. I am talking about facts.
I ask whether there were not a minority*in New
York of twelve or fourteen votes, if allowed to
vote as a minority, that were in favor of the ma-
jority platform ?
Mr. PUGH. I stated to the Senator that I did
not know. They did not authorize me to say.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I do know, so far as a
man can know a thing he lias not seen with his
own eyes. I know from the reports of trust-
worthy men. I know that there was a minority
in Indiana. I know that there was a number in
Pennsylvania. I know that there was a major-
ity in New Jersey. I know that the delegates
thatrvoted from some States against that platform
were instructed by their delegations to vote for
it. That is known to every one. Therefore, 1
say  
Mr. PUGH. I do not understand that remark
of the Senator. Pie speaks of the votes in Penn-
sylvania. Pennsylvania did not vote as a unit, nor
did New Jersey.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Instructions were given
to those who voted for Pennsylvania, and to those
who voted for New Jersey, to vote far the majority
platform. The instructions were not obeyed.
Mr. PUGH. That might be in committee.
When they came into convention the vote was
taken per capita. Both those States were divided;
and I can tell the Senator, furthermore, that the
slaveholding States did not unanimously vote fur
that platform.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I know that. I know that
six or eight men from the South did not vote for
that platform. They had a perfect right to refuse
to do so.
Mr. PUGII. The States of Maryland and
Missouri were almost equally divided.
Mr. BENJAMIN. There were six or eight
votes against it, no doubt; that is exactly what I
say. llero, you luivc the Senator from North
Carolina. He is against the majority platform;
that is to say, lie goes for the Cincinnati platform
pure and simple; uot that ho does not believe that
lie has not aright to send slaves into the Terri-
tories, and there to hold slaves as property with-
out that right being impaired or destroyed by ter-
ritorial legislation. That Senator will tell you that
he believes that; but he is simply against announc-
ing it. The question that I am at is, how many
men were there in that* convention who believed
in the constitutional rights of the South just as
the majority of the platform laid them down ? I
say there was a largo and decided majority of del-
egates that believed it. There was a small ma-
jority who agreed with the honorable Senator from
North Carolina, that principles arc a little too
heavy to run a race with, and that it was better
to throw them overboard. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, lam not willing to go into
an electoial struggle on any such ground; and I
will tell the Senator from North Carolina further
the deliberate dictates of my judgment. If we
have but a simple phalanx of friends who remain
at the North with us; if those who stood beside
us in so many battles have been stiicken down,
one by one, 1 believe it to be just by reason of
that falpe policy of supposed expediency which
the Senator would still continue. Could we have
been any worse if principles had been boldly and
clearly stated and pressed upon the people of the
North? Would we have had fewer votes at the
North than we have now? I tell you, sir, I am
sick and tired of hearing this constant paltering
with the true meaning of the people of the South
in relation to their rights. I long for the day when,
from the one end to the other of this Union, every
member of the Democratic party shall have but
one voice and one tongue, and shall say to the
people: here are our principles, they are right;
you do not like them; they are unpopular; listen
to reason, brethren, listen to reason, and wo will
prove to you that we are in the right. .Go before
the people of the North with that tone; go into
the towns, the hamlets, and the villages, and state
to them, the Constitution of your country m your
hand, what your constitutional rights are; make
an appeal to them openly and boldly as men; do
not try to deceive them. It is dishonorable to at-
tempt it; it is foolish to suppose that you can suc-
ceed. Now, then, let us fight this battle upon the
broad platform of principle known to all. arid
there will be no divided Democratic party, and
our friends on the other side will have no exult-
ant looks; but the whole Democratic army, pro-
ceeding under one banner, which will have in-
scribed upon its fftlds its own old time-honored
device, " fidelity to the Constitution, love for the
Union, observance of the laws"—this whole great
army, pressing forward to battle under such a
standard as that, cannot be put down by anjriium-
ber of parties, by any combination of parties, or
by any efforts on the other side. Try truth, try
principle. They will not fail you.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Louisiana has rendered it necessary that
I should ask the attention of the Senate for a few
moments. He says that there were differences
of opinion at Charleston in relation to the Cincin-
nati platform; and in reply to my question as to
what they were, he specified two: first, as to the
power of the Territorial Legislature under it; and
secondly, as to the right of Congress, under it, to
protect slavery by legislation. 1 asked the Sen-
ator whether the question of the power of the Ter-
ritorial Legislature was not necessarily a judicial
question. I-Io declined to answer that.
Mr. BENJAAIIN. I am willing to answer the
Senator now. I certainly did not mean any dis-
respect to the Senator; but the question was not
in the line of my argument. I admit the power
of territorial legislation was a judicial question—
that is to say, we agreed it should be a judicial
question. It is a political question also; but we
agreed to make it a judicial question. I agree to
that.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Then there is no difference
between us on that point; and however A, B, or
C might think of the power, when it is admitted
that the courts must settle, and the courts alone
can settle it, these speculative opinions amount to
nothing; and therefore they were no more valid
against the platform at Charleston than they were
at Cincinnati when it was adopted, for he admits
lie knew at that time this difference existed.
Upon the second point, the Senator tells us that
the opinion was maintained at Charleston that
under the Cincinnati platform Congress could le-
gislate to protect slavery. I am utterly amazed at
that declaration. I had supposed that if there was
any language which could be employed which
would make it manifest that we did not expect
Congress to legislate in relation to slavery, it
was the Cincinnati platform, coupled with the
Nebraska bill, which received the support of the
Senator and myself, and which I read, in which
it was declared that Congress would allow no
law to stand in Kansas that either established or
protected slavery. That is specially referred to in
the platform. 1 wonder, therefore, that any man
could suppose that under that platform we intend-
ed to legislate for the protection of slavery; and I
ask the honorable Senator, when four years ago
that platform was adopted, if lie believed under it
Congress was to legislate affirmatively to protect
slavery in the Territories?
Mr. BENJAMIN. I will state to the honor-
able Senator that, at the time the platform was
adopted, it was agreed by us all so to shape the
platform as to leave the question subject to judicial
decision; and it is the judicial decision precisely
which has covered the last debatable ground.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Well, sir,as I understand,
the convention proposed to take that judicial decis-
ion which the Senator objects to having adopted;
but that was notstated. I willnotarguc that point
with him; but I am quite sure he is too good a
lawyer to maintain, if in point of fact there was
no case where a Territorial Legislature ever had
legislated, that the opinion of the court upon that
point was authority, even though the judges went
out of the way.
Air. BENJAAIIN. I will say this upon that
point: Iunderstand,Mr. President, thatajudicial '
decjsion, so far as it is binding upon the parties,
decides only the precise point at issue, and con-
sequently that, as a decision binding on the par-
ties, that point alone is considered; but that a
