1024
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
North Carolina is entitled to it.
Mr. BRANCH. This bill is one of vast im-
portance to the interests of the country, not only
for the amount of public property which is pro-
posed to be donated for the purposes specified,
but for the principle involved. I do not desire to
see a bill of the importance which attaches to this
pass through this House under the whip and spur
of the previous question, or any other gag law.
It is right that the bill should be discussed, and
I am pleased to hear the gentleman from Ver-
mont say that his object is to permit a discussion
of the bill. If the motion to postpone succeed,
we all know perfectly well that when the day ar-
rives to which the bill is pOstooned, all the gen-
tleman has to do is to rise al call the previous
question upon the bill, and it will be put upon its
passage without discussion or an opportunity for
amendment.
If this bill is similar to the one reported at the
last Congress by the gentleman from Vermont,
there are important amendments I wish to offer
to it, in order to make it just to the old States of
this Union. There are provisions in that bill that
are grossly unjustto all but the new States. When-
ever it is taken up for consideration, I desire an
opportunity to propose amendments to it which
shall remove those unjust provisions.  
Mr. MORRILL. I will say to the gentleman
that it'is not my intention to move the previous
question; but it is my purpose to do precisely what
I said I would do—to give it a fair chance in this
House; nothing more, nothing less.
Mr. BRANCH. We all know that our rules
were framed to provide for the reference of bills
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union; because experience and reason both have
taught us that no fair discussion and perfection
of a measure can be made in the House; that the
only way any measure can receive lull and fair
discussion and perfection by amendment is under
the freedom which exists in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union
Nor can I see why the friends of this measure
should object to its going to that committee. It
is a great mistake, which has grown up in the
House, to suppose that the sending a bill to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
is equivalent to its being lost. A majority of this
House can rcach any bill that stands upon our
Calendar in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. All that a gentleman has to do
in that committee, when he wishes his bill taken
up, is to move to pass over the bills before it upon
the Calendar. Then a majority of the House has
full and absolute control over it, not only to amend
it, but to bring it into the House, whenever they
think it is sufficiently discussed and amended.
My object in desiring it to go to that committee
is none other than I indicate—that we may have
a full opportunity to discuss its details, the great
principles involved in it, and to amend it so as to
make it more perfect. And m particular, as I be-
fore informed the gentleman from Vermont, my
object is to amend it so that it shall be made to
conform to what it professes to be—a bill to do
equal and exact justice between all the Suites of
this Union, the old States as well as the new.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman from
North Carolina allow me?
Mr. BRANCH. Certainly. _
Mr. MORRILL. I make this proposition to
the gentleman from North Carolina: to allow
the bill to be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, and let me enter
a motion to reconsider.
Mr. BRANCH. Ah, Mr. Speaker, that would
not put die bill in a different position, in any re-
spect, from that which it occupies to-day. The
motion to reconsider is a privileged motion, and
thegentleman from Vermontcould call itup when-
ever it might be his pleasure to do so, and thus
bring the bill into the House in precisely the
same position in which it now is.
More than that, Mr. Speaker. After the gen-
  tleman had entered his motion to reconsider, the
bill could not be taken up and discussed in Com- !
iftittee of the Whole on the state of the Union until j
that motion was withdrawn, or otherwise dis-
posed of, so that we would not have advanced
one single step in referring the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, if
at the same time the gentleman from Vermont
were to enter his motion to reconsider. The geB-
tleman from Vermont will understand that his
motion to' reconsider would prevent the bill from
going to the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union until the motion was disposed of.
The only way in which we can discuss the bill
and have an opportunity of perfecting it by
amendments is, by sending it absolutely to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
This bill purports to donate lands to the several
States for agricultural purposes. Now, I am cu-
rious to know—and we can only ascertain by a
discussion of the bill in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union—where gentle-
men propose to get the lands to comply with the
requirements of the bill, if they sljpuld pass their
homestead bill ? The vote that was taken here
yesterday indicates very clearly that this House,
at least, intends to pass a homestead law, and by
a sufficient majority to set at defiance the veto of
the President, if the President should think fit to
veto it. When that homestead law is passed,
where are we to get the lands with which to build
these agricultural colleges ? The friends of this
bill are, I believe, very geflerally the friends of
the homestead bill. I want them to explain this
to us; I want them to prove it to us; and it can
only be explained and proved in free discussion
in the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. How are they going to give lands to
the States for agricultural colleges, when they
have already passed, or are about to pass, a bill
to give all the lands that the Government owns to
whomsoever will go and take possession, whether
he be an American citizen or a foreigner freshly
landed on our shores? That is one of the points
which I wish to have discussed in Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union in regard to
this bill. That is precisely the object of my mo-
tion to refer to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union—so as to give gentlemen a
chance to explain to us where they are to get the
lands with which to build agricultural colleges, if
they give away all the lands to actual settlers. I
now make my motion to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the-Unioe.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
on the motion to postpone, submitted by thegen-
tleman from Vermont.
Mr. BRANCH. Do I understand' the Chair
to say that the motion to postpone will take pre-
cedence of my motion to refer to the Committee
of (he Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer to the
Committee of the Whole 011 the state of the Union
is not in order while the motion to postpone is
pending. It will be in order afterwards.
Mr. PHELPS. I desire to know what was the
recommendation of the Committee on Public
Lando?
The SPEAKER. That the bill do not pass.
Mr. PIIELPS. Then, I suppose, the proper
motion would be to lay the bill on the .table. I
submit that motion.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understood that that was
the motion of the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. COBB. If so, how, then, has this debate
been got up ?
The SPEAKER. It was a mere recommenda-
tion. The motion to lay on the table has been
made by the gentleman from Missouri. The mo-
tion is m order and is not debatable.
Mr. COBB addressed the Speaker.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman from
Missouri to withdraw his motion for a single mo-
ment.
Mr. PHELPS. I will.
Mr. COBB. I have got the floor; but I will
not occupy it more than three minutes.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Missouri waive his motion to lay on the table?
Mr. PHELPS. I withdraw my motion to lay
011 the table, for this reason: The gentleman from
Vermont, I believe, has introduced this bill, and
had it referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
I know it, at al! events, to have been a favorite
scheme of his. He introduced a bill similar to it
in the last Congress; and I am willing to afford
to the gentleman from Vermont an opportunity to
make suggestions in regard to his b'lll; and then
afford the same opportunity to the gentleman from
Alabama.
Mr..COBB. I have the floor, I believe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ala-
bama is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COBB. After the gentleman from Mis-
souri has withdrawn his motion to lay on the table,
he cannot transfer the floor from me. I am a mem-
ber of the Committee on Public Lands. That
committee has directed its chairman to make an
adverse report on this bill. A similar report was
made by the committee in the last Congress. At
that Congress, only two members of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands favored the bill. The bill
came into the House. It was taken up and dis-
cussed; and it occupied so much time that the
Committee on Public Lands was prevented from
making some most important reports which it had
topresent. I call the attention of the House to this
fact. If this thing goes on now, we will have the
yeas and nays on the question of referring it, and
the Committee on Public Lands will have no time
to present their other reports, so as to let the other
committees of the House make their reports. It
is, therefore, the duty of all who feel an interest
in having the reports of the Committee on Public
Lands made, to endeavor to get this matter into
such a form as will enable that committee to go
on and report to-day.
Now, I make this suggestion to the gentleman
from Vermont. Let me move that the bill be re-
committed to the Committee on Public Lands.
And let the gentleman from Vermont say that he
is satisfied with that motion. [A gesture of dis-
sent from Mr. Morrill.] Ah! the gentleman
shakes his head. He will not. Then I shall
make the motion, and call on the House to sus-
tain it. I do not make the motion with a view
to defeat the gentleman's bill; because, if it be
recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands,
that committee will probably be called before the
day that the gentleman proposes to have it made
a special order. The question is now before the
House and the country, and every member of the
House, and the citizens of the country, can, in
the mean time, investigate the merits of the bill.
When it is again reported hack by the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, whether adversely or favora-
bly, the gentleman from Vermont can take such
action upon it as he may deem proper. The
Committee on Public Lands has but a few min-
utes left in which to make'iheir reports, on sub-
jects in which the whole country is interested;
and, I therefore request thegentleman from Ver-
mont, and the House, to let this bill be lecom-
mitted. That will not, as I said before, throw
his bill back, because he purposes himself .to
have it postponed to a period, subsequent, 111 all
probability, to the time when the Committee on
Public Lands will be again called.
The measure is not particularly a favorite with
me; but still I do not want to put it in any worse
position than the gentleman from Vermont pro-
poses. All that I desire is, that the matter shall
not prevent us to-day from making reports that
are to result in bene* to the country.
The gentleman from Vermont can accomplish
the very object that he desires by accepting my
proposition, letting the bill be referred back to the
Committee 011 Public Lands, and letting that com-
mittee report it back again. I hope the gentle-
man from Vermont will consent to this, and per-
mit the Committee on Public Lands to report
other measures, m which the whole country is
concerned.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not purpose, Mr. Speak-
er, to consume more than a few minutes of the
time of the House. This is a bill which occupied
a considerable time of the last House, and which
passed both the House and the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. DAVIDSON, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported as truly enrolled a bill for
the relief of W llliam B. Herrick; when the Speaker
signed the same.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE AGAIN.
Mr; MORRILL. I deem this bill one of the
most important that will come before us for some
time. The proposition which I made was not to
make it a special order. I would much prefer to
make it ar special order, but I know how objec-
tionable special orders are to gentlemen upon all
sides of the House, and I merely asked to post-
pone it to a day certain, in order that tye might
