2914
=FF
=F
THE CONGrRESSIOyAL' GLOBE.,
June 13,
assistant messenger, and laborers in ins office,
$132,64 0. And that Hie uventy-nine clerks, now transferred
by the Secretary of the Treasury, &c.
Mr. HUNTER. The explanation of that
amendment is this: in the original law classify-
ing "the clerks, a certain number was assigned to
£&eli office. Congress assigned at t}tat time, be-
cause it was necessary on account of the bounty
land laws, to the Third Auditor a certain number
mentioned here. There was power given, how-
ever, to the head of the Pepartment, to trans-
fer them from one bureau to another. The head
of the .Department accordingly did transfer them
from one bureau to another, and hence there has
been no extra clerk asked for in the Treasury De-
partment, I believe, since, with the exception of
three that wore necessary to carry out the Treas-
ury note law which we passed. With that ex-
ception, there has been no extra or additional
clerk asked since the classification. The Third
Auditor, however, not liking to have so many
clerks charged to his bureau who really were not
employed there, addressed a letter asking that the
classification should be changed to that extent.
We have accordingly done so. We have changed
the classification, made these tlerks pernianentni
the bureaus where they now are, and restored the
number. The House, i presume, misunderstand-
ing the number, supposed they were (Supernu-
meraries, and struck out the twenty-nine clerks
altogether. We have restored them. They are
indispensable. This only changes the classifica-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection to this amendment ? The Chair hears
none.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was, after line three hun-
dred and ninety-six, to insert:
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to carry into
eflfeet the act approved the 16th May, I860, creating an
additional land district in Washington Territory, $8,000.
Mr. HUNTER. That is in pursuance of esti-
mate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection to this amendment? The Chair hears
none. It is agreed to.
The next amendment was, after lino four hun-
dred and four, to insert:
For compensation of five extra clerks employed in the
Indian Office, under acts of August 5, 185-1, and March 3,
1835, and under appropriations made from year to vear.
$7,000. '
Mr. HUNTER. Theseare calledextraclerks.
There were seven of them. All of them were
stricken out by the House. We inquired, and
found that they were necessary, with the excep-
tion of two. We restored five and left out two.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to this amendment ? The Chair hears none.
It is agreed to.
The next amendment was on page 28, line six
hundred and sixty-eight, to strike out "§15,000,"
and insert, " engineer, (for steam engines,) labor-
ers, and repairs of furniture, $25,000;" so that the
clause will read:
For blank book*, binding, and stationery, fuel for the
General Po*t Ofliee building, including the Auditor's office,
oil, gas, and candles, printing, day watchman, and for mis-
cellaneous items, for repairs of the General Post Office
building, for office furnituie, glazing,painting, whitewash-
ing, and for keeping the fire-place* ami furnace* in order,
engineer, (for steam engines,) laborers, and repairs of fur-
niture, $05,000.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there ob-
jection to this amendment? The Chair hears
none. It is agreed to.
The next amendment was in page 33, lines
seven hundred and eighty-six and seven hundred
and eighty seven, to strike out the word " statis-
tics" and insert " statutes," so that the clause
will read;
For the purchase of deficient State reports and statutes
for the oftjee of the Attorney General, ,$500.
Mr. HUNTER. That is merely a verbal amend-
ment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The Ciuur
hears no objection to jthe amendment. It is
agreed to.
The next amendment >vas, aftejr line eight hun-
dred and seventy-three, to insert*
For compensation of tlje Auxiliary Guard, ibi fuel,
oil, and lamps, and for twenty policemen, to be appointed
$11 the same manner as the AuvMary Quar^
. Mr. HUNTER. Tins is an appropriation omit-,
ted by the .House,tand restored by the Finance
Committee," for the Auxiliary Guard -here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there objec-
tion to this amendment? The Chair he^rs jrone.
It is agreed to.
The next amendment was, to strike out
ond section, in the following words:
" Sec. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That no part of the
amount appropriated by any net of Congress shall bo trans-
ferred to or used for any branch of expenditure than that
for which it may be specifically appropriated; and that the
twenty-third section of the act entitled * An act legalizing
and making appropriations for such necessaty objects as
have been usually included in the general appropriation
bills, without authority of law, and to fix and piovide for
certain incidental expenses of the departments and offices
of the Government, and for other purposes,' appioved 26th
August, 1842, is hereby repealed."
Mr. HUNTER. That second section, as it
stands in the bill, proposes a radical change in
the laws regulating the working of the Executive
Departments. The Committee on Finance did
not believe such a change would work well. It
is a subject which has attracted the attention of
Congress for some eight or ten years past; and
they have been constantly restricting the power
of the Departments in regard to transfers, until
they have restrained them as far as we think is
proper. On consultation with some of the heads
of Departments, I, for one, was convinced that
there would be danger in making so radical a
change as this; and accordingly the committee
recommend that'the section be .stricken out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am of opinion that it
would be perfectly safe and proper to adopt the
provision incorporated by the House in this hill
on this subject; and it is my duty to call a little
more attention to the facts. It is a provision that
has been insisted on by some of us for several
years, to put a stop to the power of the Derail-
ments to transfer sums apppropriatcd for one
purpose to be used for other purposes. I do not
apprehend from this provision the danger or the
inconvenience which the Senator from Virginia
does. It is already applicable, I think, to the
Navy Department.
Mr. PEARCE. liy special statute.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, by special statute;
and I do not know that it has been found to work
any evil there. At any late, there has been no
disposition shown and no attempt made to restore
it. The House has come to the conclusion now,
and not for the first time, that it is best to make
the provision general, and restrict all the Depart-
ments to the use of the appropriations for pur-
poses for which they are appropriated, without a
power to transfer them at all. i have myself been
in favor of it at the previous periods when it has
been proposed. I think we had better have the
yeas and nays upon it. My own opinion is that
we had better concur with the action of the House
in tins respect.
Mr. HUNTER. # I will state that the power to
transfer is very limited now under the existing
laws. It is chiefly to be found m the War De-
partment, where it has always been supposed to
be indispensable. The effect of preventing these
transfers entirely, I apprehend, will turn out to
be that we shall make larger appropriations than
otherwise would be necessary. The system of
specific appropriations has its recommendations
and its advantages; but there is a medium in all
things. If there is no power to transfer, and if
everything is to be specific, the consequence is,
that the Departments will estimate for what they
arc sure will be enough under each head, and the
gross sum of the estimates will be larger in th.it j
way than if they were allowed a limited power tj
to transfer; and as one proof of it, I will state the i|
history of the legislation on this subject in regard j!
to the Navy Department. At one time it was
abolished entnely; but during the pendency of
the Mexican war, when it was difficult to provide !j
funds, and the Treasury was strained to find the j1
means of carrying on the war, Congress restored j!
the power of transfer for ti limited lime; and the ||
reason for so doing was that, by restoring it, the !!
Departments could get along with a less amount
of appropriation than if we had to appropriate
what was certainly enough under each head. But,
sir, it will be for the Senate,to do as they thirik
proper. I have given them what is the result of
my examination and experience for whatever it
may be worth; and what is still better, I have
consulted the heads of Departments, who seem
to think that, to the extent it now exists, it would
be very inconvenient if it were abolished.
Mr. PEARCE. This subject was very much
discussed in the Senate in the year 3852, at which
time the power of transfer in the Navy Depart-
ment'was wholly repealed; and by referring to
the legislation of that year, the Senate will see
how very largely the power has been restricted
in all other cases. I recollect that the subject was
much discussed by the Senator from Virgina and
myself, and'finally, by agreement, the provision
of the law as it now stands was adopted. I beg
leave to read it. This is the act of 1852:
'• That all acts or parts of acts authorizing the President
of tite United States or the Secretary of the proper Depart-
merit, under his direction, to tiansfer any poition of the
moneys appropriated for a particular branch ot expend'ture
in that Department, to be applied to another bianeh of ex-
penditure m the same Department, be, and are heieby, so
far as relates to the Depaitmem ot'War, repealed : and 110
portions of the moneys appropriated by this act shait be ap-
plied to the payment ot any expenses incurred pi jor to the
1st day of July, lSoO. But nothing herein contained r-hall
be so eon.-tiued us to prevent the President fiom authoriz-
ing appiopiiations for the <mb<i.vtence ot the Anny, {'or for-
age, for the medical and hospital depaitment, and lor the
quarternm-ster'* department, to be applied to any of the
above-mentioned blanches ot expenditure m the f-ame De-
partment; and appropriations maae for a specific object for
one fiscal year shall not be transterred to any other object
alter the expnatron ot that year."
It was supposed, sir, to be inconsistent with
the proper management and support of an army
in the field, to withdraw this power of transfer
altogether from the President. It is very mani-
fest that the movement of troops may be very
unexpected at the time the appropriations are
( made: and the appropriations which are sufficient,
j or more than sufficient, for one branch of the ser-
!\iee, may be entyely insufficient for another
| branch of that service. The quartermaster's de-
I partment may require more subsistence, more
| forage; and so, because of the unforeseen conun-
| gencies which may affect the necessities of the sor-
| vice, and absolutely require some such power of
; transfer, this reservation was made in behalf of
; the War Department. I do not recollect exactly
| how far they are restricted in the Department of
. the Interior and other Departments: but I know
1 that the restriction is very large; that they have
very little, if any,discretion in that matter; butm
the War Department, if we are to have troops
anywhere else than in garrison—if they are to be
1 in motion; if unexpected expeditions'are to be
made; if a sudden Indian war arises—it seems to
be very necessary that this power of transfer
should remain in the Executive. That was a very
slight exception from the restrictions put upon the
Executive in this regard. T confess I thought it
was better to leave it as it was established under
the act of 185*3, and I think so now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. One word in reply. The
inconvenience suggested by the Senator from
Maryland may sometimes possibly occur. In
time of peace, however, it would not be likely to
be of any very serious extent. I think, with the
experience wo have had, it would be better to run
the risk of that inconvcnience, than to subject
ourselves to the constant abuses that may arise,
such as have arisen, in using a surplus of money
which may present itself in one particular head,
for purposes for which it is not appropriated. It
is very easy to find grounds or modes of spending
a surplus of an appropriation if' there is a dispo-
sition to do so; and that that has manifested itself
recently in many very striking instances, I sup-
pose nobody can doubt, i think we had better
run th<> risk of the inconvenience at the present
time, than to subject ourselves to n kind of sys-
tem which, I think, has been adopted of late in
one of the Departments, at least.
Mr. PEARCE. I have not heard of any great
abuses recently—none since the passage of this
act. I dt< not recollect to have seen the report
which is annuahy made-of truisfers; but if there
are such abuses, i hope they will be specified.
They may satisfy me, and change my vote.
Mr. DAVIS. I do not know, Mr. President,
uh.a construction i* given to the language which
is here employed, if by the words " for any branch
of expemhUue than thatfoi which it may be spe-
cially appropriated," it is meant that the appro-
priation fnr iorage shall not be transferred to the
account of transportation, or the reverse; that an
appropriation for fuel and quarters must be kept
distinct; that no part of the allowance for fuel may
