2916
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
the support of the Army for the year ending the 30th of
June,-185a," any outstanding and unpaid bonds and cou-
pons issued by said State i'or said war debt prior to the pas-
sage of said act, but bearing date subsequent to thy 1st day
of January, 1854: Provided, That no payment shall be made
beyond the unexpended amount of said appropriation now
remaining m the Treasury.
Mr. PEARCE. This provision has passed the
Senate heretofore- By the act of August 5, 1854,
Cohgressagreed to pay §925,000, being the amount
of the war bonds, as they Mrere Called, of Califor-
nia—expenses to which that State had been put
in Indian wars prior to that time. Congress,.by'
that act, appropriated tb&t sum of money, but
limited the application of it to the war bonds
which had been issued, and bore date prior to the
1st of January, 1854. They supposed that all
those bonds had been issued up to that date. ThG
fact turned out to be that a small portion of the
bonds had not been issued until after the 1st day
of January, 1854; and therefore, under the direc-
tion of the act of Congress of August 5,1854, the
Secretary of War could not pay them. The whole
of the money, therefore, has not been expended;
part of if remains in the Treasury-unapplied to
the objects for which it was intended. The amount
is small. The proposition now is only to pay
those bonds which were issued subsequently to
January 1,1854, but prior to the passage of the
act of August 5, 1854; and the prbvision now
offered declares that they shall not be paid any
further than as there is.an unpaid balance of that
fund appropriated by the act of 1854.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Finance to offer an amendment, which
I send to xhe Chair to be read. ..
The Secretary read, as follows:
That the President of the United States be, and hereby
Is, authorized, at any time within twelve months from the
passage of this act, to borrow, on the credit of the United
States, a sum not exceeding $21,000,000, or &o much thereof
as, in his opinion, the exigencies of the public service may
require, to be applied to the payment of appropriations made
by ia^,and the balance of Treasury notes now outf>tandmi
under this taw shah be used only fot the purpose of reimburs-
ing the Treasury lor Treasury notes ledeemcd, oi for the re-
demption oi the same: Jtnd provided Jurtker, That no stip-
ulation or contract shall be made lo pievent the United
States from reimbursing any sum borrowed under the au-
thority of this act at any time after the expiration of five
years from the 1st day of July next, by the Uuited States
giving three months' notiec, to be published in some news-
paper published at the seat of Government, of their readi-
ness to do so; and no contract shall be made to pievent tiie
redemption of the  aiuc at any time after the expiration of
six years irom the said 1st day of July next, withoutnoticc.
Sec.—. *dnd be it further cnactcd, That stock thall be
issued for the amount boriowed, bearing interest not
exceeding six per centum per annuni; and the Secretary of
the Treasury be, and is hereby, authorized, with the con-
sent* ol the- Picsident, to cause certificates of stock to be
prepaied, which shall be signed by the Register, and sealed
with the seal of the Treasury Department, for the amount
so borrowed, in favor of the parties lending the same, or
their assigns, which certificates may be transferred on the
books of the Treasury, under >uch regulations as may be
established by the Secretary of the Tteasury: Provided,
That no certificate &hall be issued for a less sum than
$1,000: *#nd provided also, That, whenever required, the
Secretary of the Treasury may c-nusc coupons ofseuu-an-
nM.il interest payable thereon to be attached to ceitifioates
issued under this act; and any certificate with such coupons
of interest attached may be assigned and tiaiMerred by de-
livery of the same, instead of being transferred on the books
of the Treasury.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That before awarding
said loan, the Secretary of the Treasury bhall cause to be
inserted in two of the public newspapers of the city of
Washington, and m one or more public newspapers in othei
cities of the Uuited States, public notice that sealed pro-
posals for such loan will bo received until a certain dav, to
be specified in such notice, not less than thnty da>s  fioni
ics first insertion in a Washington newspaper; and such
notice shall state the amount ot the loan, at what periods
the money shall he paid, if by installments, and at what
places. Such sealed proposal** shall be opened, on the day
appointed in the notice, in the presence ot such persons as
may choose to attend, and the piopoaiiia decided bv the Sec-
retary of the Trca^uiy, who shall accept the most favorable
offered by responsible bidders for said stock. And the said
Secretaiy shall report to Congress, at the commencement
oi the next session, the amount oi money borrowed undet
this act, and of whom and on what terms it shall have been
obtained, with an abstract or brief statement of all the pio-
po-sals submitted for the tame, dj&tiugublrijig between those
accepted and those rejected, with a detaiie-d statement of
the expense of making such loans: Provid£<ly T^at no stock
shall be disposed of at less than its par value.
tt S.EC; further enacted, That the faitji of the
L nited States is hereby pledged for the due payment of"£he
interest and the redemption of the principal of said stoe&,
Mr. HUNTER. I will state, in regard to that
amendment, with which the Senate is probably
familiar, thatitis the funding partof the tariffaotas
it passed the House of Representatives, with two
exceptions. Theirs allowed the United States to
redeem after two years, on giving notice. v This
proposes to make the stock a five-years stock,
and has some additional restrictions. The House
bill did not restrict the use of tliis money to fund-
ing the Treasury notes; but allowed' it to be used
for other purposes. We have introduced a re-
stiiction to prevent-the Treasury having a credit,
not only on the loan,but on the Treasury notes
too, making it a provision strictly to provide for
the redempiion of the Treasuty notes that are out.
The Treasury note bill authorized $20,000,000.
The House have passed a loan for $21,000,000.
We have taken their amount. I do not know wiiy
they fixed it at §21,000,000, unless it was to fund
the outstanding interest. That was the sum as it
came to us, and wejust took their bill with thejse
amendments; and 1 will now go on to explain
why we think it ought to be appended to this bill
at this time.
Mr. President, it is obvious to all that some-
thing like this must pass, whether we pass the
tarifl bill or not. That itis essential, even if you
pass the tariff,is proved by the fact that the House
sent it up with their tariff bill. If we do not pass
the tariff, still it will be essential, in order to pre-
vent the Treasury from finding itself unable to re-
deem theTreasury notes if they should be thrown
in upon it. Now, sir, we have the assurance of
ihe Secretary of the Treasury, that if we give him
this authority, he will be able to go through with
his present resources. Certain it is, that he can
be in no difficulty before we meet again on the
first Monday in December—audit is to thatmonth
that we shall hereafter propose to postpone the
consideration of the tariff bill—if he is protected
against being run upon for the Treasury notes.
Upon looking to his estimates, I have become
convinced that if he be fortified with some such
provision as this, the probability is that there will
be surplus enough not only to pay the current
expenditures of the year and the interest upon the
public debt—that is to say within the amount for
which he estimated—but even to cover a portion
of the additions which wc have made in our appro-
priation bills. All, however, that he has under-
taken to say is, that if Congress keep within his
estimates, and give him the means of protecting
the Treasury against the run of these Treasury
notes, he will be able to carry on the Government
with the means which he will be likely to receive.
Upon examining his report, I think there is good
reason to believe that to this extent his estimates
will turn out to be coreect.
I find, taking the two years together, that his
estimates of the receipts for this year will proba-
bly fall short $3,377,000; that is to say, instead of
receiving $75,384,541, he will probably receive
§72,007,423. We have the actual receipts ofthree
quarters, and the estimated receipts of the last
quarter, and that estimate made on the 1st of June.
1 find that his estimated receipts from miscella-
neous sources, lands, and. customs, fornext year,
are $66,225,000, making the sum total of receipts
in the two years §138,232,423. His estimate of
expenditures for this year, including the deficien-
cies in the Post Office Department—and in that
has been included some four and a half million of
old debt—is §71,363,683. That seventy-one mil-
lion includes about four and a half million of mere
technical expenditure; that is to say, Treasury
notes redeemed. 1 call it a technical expenditure,
because, when you redeem the note, you have the
power to reissue it; and to the extent to which
you deplete the Treasury, oil the one hand, you
strengthen it on the other.
But, without referring to that now, I find that
his estimate of expenditures for this year is
§71,363,683. His estimate of expenditure for the
next fiscal year is §66,714,928; and in that esti-
mate he includes $12,262,452 of outstanding bal-
ances of appropriation; but he does not calculate
for any outstanding balances of appropriations
for the next year. Now, we all know that the
outstanding balances are about the same one year
as another; and not only that, but we know there
must necessarily be outstanding balances, because
the expenses of the last quarter of the year are,
to a great extent, paid in the succeeding quarter.
If, therefore, we deduct from his estimate of ex- j
penditure §66,714,028, his own estimate of out- j
-standing balances, it would leave an expenditure
for iho next year, if you keep within the estimates,
of $54,452,476, making §125,816,159 of expendi-
ture in the two years. That, deducted from his
estimate of means, would leave him a surplus for
the two years of receipts over expenditures, count-
ing the resources which he has from loans and
Treasury notes, of $12,416,264; and that ought
strictly'to be increased by the sum of §4,500,000,
which constitutes a partof the §71,000,000 of stated
expenditure which, as I said before, was a mere
technical charge upon the Treasury; because,al-
though the Treasury had to spend to redeem the
notes on the one hand, the redemption gave it the
authority to reissue as much on the other hand.
If you add that, it will make something over six-
teen million dollars, provided we get what we
know now we shall receive this year, and get his
estimate of receipts for the next year. This sur-
plues of §16,000,000 would not only allow for an
area of some four million dollars in the estimates
for the next year, which would still leave us
§12,000,000, but would allow us the means of
keeping a balance to work the Tieasury; and,
besides that, something to pay these additional
appropriations—I hope more than enough to pay
the additional appropriations after the House shall
have cleared the bills of some very bad amend-
ments which I think have gone down to them.
But, sir, 1 believe", even taking what we have
done" so far, that we should be able,to stand that,
if the Secretary's estimates of receipts should turn
out to be correct for the next year. 1 believe we
should be able to stand that, to pay the current
expenses, pay the interest on the publicdebt>and
possibly have some little to apply to the payment,
of tie standing debt. We know that during thi3
year we have paid §4,500,000 of old Post Office
debt; that is, PostOffiee deficiencies which did not
belong to this fiscal year, but to the one which
preceded it.
Under these circumstances, I believe that if we
can obtain this power; if Congress will give the
Secretary the power either to reissue the Treas-
ury notes, or to fund them—perhaps his prefer-
ence would be the power to reissue, if ho had it;
but I was disposed to take the proposition which
the House had sent up, and present the measure
in the form which was most acceptable to them—
I believe, if we give him this power, we shall be
able to go through the next year probably with
our receipts, unless, indeed,in ourappropriations
we should very largely exceed the estimates.
For this purpose, we have thought it prudent to
put this amendment, as was done before in the
case of the Treasury notes, to this bill, in order
that the House may get at the question. If it
were sent there in a separate bill, I believe, under
their rules, the objection of any one member would
prevent them from getting at it. We piopose to
append it to an appropriation bill that they them-
selves may say whether they will afford the Treas-
ury this relief or not. So faras the tariff question
is concerned, it seems to me that it is independent
of this, because, whether you pass the tariff bill
or not, you are obliged to have this provision in
order to protect the Treasury. I hope, sir, that
this amendment will be decided upon its own mer-
its. I hope we shall not be involved in any tariff
j discussion on this question, because the tarift'bill
will come up next, and any speeches in regard to
that matter can then be made that Senators may
be desirous of making.
1 will only add, sir, because I omitted it in its
| proper place, as some proof that if we can be pro-
tected against the run of the Treasury notes upon
the Department, we can go on without adding to
the public debt, the fact that the balance in the
I reasury has remained the same ever since March.
We have scarcely lost anything since that time,
and the outstanding balance is between six and
seven million now. If we take a privilege which
is not yet exhausted of using §300,000 in Treas-
ury notes or stock—1 forget which—-it comes very
near to seven million. In my opinion, the 1st of
July will find theTreasury with that balance; and
with that balance, and with the knowltdge that
the deficiencies for the Post Office" Department
cannot be spentat once—because, unlike the other
Departments, they have a longer time to settle,
for a quarter after the service is rendered—I think
we may rely with great certainty upon the ex-
pectation that everything will go on well enough
until we return. If it should then be necessary
| either to add to the duties, to change the fiscal
system, or to make any more loans, it will be time
