1972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
stead bill should be taken up, and continued from
day to day until it was finally disposed of. After
that agreement was made, and the homestead bill
was made the special order to be continued from
day to day, by courtesy these resolutions were
taken u)} and made the special order for yester-
day. I can see no good reason why, having been
postponed again and again, though one of the
Senators from Mississippi has been earnestly and
zealously pressing action upon them, they should
now take precedence of a bill which has been
pending for a long time, and was made the spe-
cial order for a particular day last week, with the
understanding that it should then be disposed of.
I notify the Senate now, that to-morrow there will
be a movement made to press the consideration
of the homestead bill; and I have no doubt itcan
bo disposed of to-morrow. I think it, however,
a matter of courtesy, so far as the Senator from
Illinois is concerned, to postpone any remarks he
may wish to make in reply to what has been said
in reference to his political course, until the day
nfter to-morrow, and m the mean time the home-
stead bill can be considered and disposed of.
I am free to say here, that I consider the home-
stead bill of at least equal importance with the
consideration ofthese resolutions,which are mere
abstractions, from which no practical good is to
result, which propose no legislative action, but
simply an expression of the opinion of the Senate
in reference to certain doctrines. When there is
a measure before the Senate of great importance,
in which a large portion of the American people
feel a great interest, I do not sec why it should
be postponed again and again for the considera-
tion of a proposition which simply proposes an
expression of opinion by the Senate without fix-
ing any legislative enactment on the country. If
it is believed to be important to legislate in refer-
ence to slavery in the Territories, and if the Su-
preme Court of the United States have dccided,
as I believe they have, that slaves are property,
and if the legislative authorities of the Territories
have attempted to interfere with oV impair the
rights of slaveholders in the Territories, why not,
like men, propose, by legislative enactment by
Congress, to protect slave property in the Terri-
tories? Why, when we are pressed to the wall,
shall we say that it is inexpedient to legislate,
but that we are willing to make a declaration of
opinion now? Why not come up and meet tin:
question squarely. I am prepared to vote upon
tne proposition, not in the abstract and ineffect-
ual and unofficial form of asiniple resolution, but
1 am willing to record my vote upon a bill one
way or the other. That will tost our sincerity on
tliis important question.
Now, sir, as 1 understand it meets the appro-
bation of the Senator from Mississippi and the
Senator from Louisiana, and as there are others
who want to speak on this question, and will
sneak on it before it is concluded, 1 hope the res-
olutions will be postponed until the day after to-
morrow; and I make that motion.
Mr. DAVIS. I simply desire to say to the
Senate that I do not wish to discuss this question;
I do not know whether it will ho necessary for
me ever to say another word on the subject; but
m any event, I desire, by the general consent of
flic Senate, to fix a period at winch we shall take
the vote. Say Tuesday, at three o'clock—that is a
week hence—and let as many speeches be made
in that time as gentlemen please.
Mr. FJTCII. Perhaps the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is not aware of the fact that we are under
obligation to hftvc a recess for the benefit of our
friends on the other side of the Chamber, which
must commence on Monday next, as those who
desire to leave hero must leave by Monday, be-
cause their convention assembles on the JGth.
Mr. DAVIS. Then I ask the Senators if it
would be agreeable to them to meet on Saturday,
and take a vote at three o'clock on Saturday next?
Mr. KING. For those who are going to the
Chicago convention Saturday would be as incon-
venient, because we must go earlier than Satur-
day to be in time.
Mr. GREEN. Say Friday.
Mr. DAVIS. Fiiday is private bill day, but
I have no objection to taking that day.
Mr. KING. I should prefer that any question
of importance should not be taken. I have not
been disposed to ask an adjournment of the Sen-
ate, but only that they would not take a vote on
any important question until after the return of
Senators from the Chicago convention, which
would carry us over until the week after next.
Mr. DAVIS. I cannot hear the Senator dis-
tinctly, on account of the number of voices.
Mr. KING. I say I should prefer, and I intended
to ask the Senate, that no vote on any of these
important questions on which Senators might do-
sire to record their votes should be taken during
the period of the absence of the Senators at that
convention.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly not.
Mr. KING-. Saturday will be a day upon
which we shall have to be going.
Mr. DAVIS. Say Friday.
Mr. KING. Very well.
Mr. IVERSON. Not Friday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am entirely willing 
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator from Illinois will
pause a moment, I want to ask if it will meet the
consent of the Senate to fix Friday, at three
o'clock, as the time at which we shall take a
vote ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 3t is precisely on that
point that I desire to answer tne Senator, so far
as I am concerned. I do not think it will be pos-
sible to get a vote upon these resolutions on Fri-
day. Nor do I think we can fix a time when they
shall be voted upon. I am entirely willing, for
one, that we shall proceed to act upon the reso-
lutions and vote upon them as soon as gentlemen
who desire to do so shall have expressed their
views; but, to fix a time now when we shall take
a vote, might cut off gentlemen from expressing
the opinions they desire to express to the coun-
try. I think it will be impossible to fix a time,
though I am quite willing to agree with the Sen-
ator from Mississippi to press the resolutions un-
til we are through with them; and I think that is
the only economical way to do business.
Mr. DAVIS. It is so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing to go on
with the resolutions and let gentlemen who de-
sire to speak on them speak until they are done.
Then let us vote, and 1 am willing to sit late in
order to get through with the discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to postpone the resolutions un-
til Thursday next.
Mr. DAVIS. Before that question was taken
I desired to ascertain, in a sort of colloquial debate,
whether Senators could fix any time at which
they would take the vote. If it cannot be done
before Senators on the other side must needs be
absent, let it be fixed for some day by which they
may return. I desire to have some day fixed to
indicate that we are going to have a vote; and to
the Senator from Tennessee 1 would say, that I
do not see (hat an expression of opinion upon a
general proposition, or in the abstract, stands m
the way, or at all evades the issue of a bill. A
general declaration, applicable to all manner of
cases, may have a special application to a bill;
gnd when the bill is presented every man must
vote according to his judgment; but general dec-
larations may precede, or they may follow bills.
I do not consider that the wish to express, in the
general terms contained in the resolutions, the
views that some of us entertain, is at all a declar-
ation that we will not legislate in a case that re-
quires it, but is rather, to my mind, an indication
that we will. The o«ly thing is to know whether
the case has arisen—whether the necessity exists.
Then apply the principle. But if Senators on the
other side feel that they cannot take a vote on
these resolutions, these general abstract declara-
tions if you please, dining next week, I would
ask them whether it would be agreeable to them,
to fix Monday week at three o'clock, and let us
have an understanding that on Monday week, at
three o'clock, we shail take the vote?
Mr. KING. So far as I am concerned, I am
indifferent as to when the question shall be taken,
so that I shall be here to vote on the resolutions.
I do not intend to speak on them, but I should
like to record my vote.
Mr. DAVIS. But when will you be here to
vote on them ?
Mr. KING. 1 was going on to say that we hear
objections made to fixing an hour, which might I
deprive Senators who desired to express their '
opinions of an opportunity to do so, and I am dis-
posed to concur in the suggestion of the Senator
from Illinois, that a day may be fixed when we
shall take up these resolutions and considerthem,
and proceed with them until they are disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS. 1?hcy come up of course.
Mr. GREEN. I move now that we proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I suppose these resolutions
had better be postponed to some certain time.
Mr. PUGH. The day after to-morrow.
Mr. GREEN. They will come up as unfin-
ished business, if we now go into executive ses-
sion.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Then I give notice, as thero
seems to be no objection to it, that I shall avail
myself of the day after to-morrow to submit my
views.
Mr. GREEN. I insist on my motion.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before putting
the question,the Chair will lay before the Senate
a House bill for the purpose of reference.
The bill (No. 669) to amend an act regulating
the diplomatic and consular system of the United
States was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask the unanimous consent
of the Senate that the bill be put upon its passage
now.
Several Senators. What is it?
Mr. SUMNER. A bill to raise the mission at
Sardinia.
Mr. MASON. It had better go over.
Mr. PUGH. I object to its being passed with-
out a reference to the committee. 4
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill will
be referred to the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. GREEN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and, after some time spent therein, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, -May 8, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. T. H. Stockton.
P he J ournal of yesterday was read an d approved.
CORRECTION OF TIIE JOURNAL.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is a
motion made yesterday, by the gentleman from
Georgia, [Mr. Jokes,] just previous to the ad-
journment, that the Journal of Saturday last be^
corrected, by strikingout so much thereof as states
that the bill of the House (No. 374) for the relief
of tire Missionary Society of the Methodist Epis-
copal Church was reported from the Committee of
the Whole House, and also by striking out the
subsequent proceedings of the House upon said
bill; and on that question the gentleman from
Georgia [Mr. Jones] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. M1LLSON. Mr. Speaker, the House yes-
terday resolved to terminate debate in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
the tariff bill, at one o'elockto-day. A quarter of
an hour of to-day's session has already expired.
The gentleman from Alabama [Mr. Houston]
has the floor; and unless the Housenow goeft into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, he will be deprived altogether of an op-
portunity to speak. With the permission of the ^
gentleman from Georgia, I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is right and proper.
Mr. JONES. I have no objection to that ar-
rangement, provided I shall be permitted to call
up my privileged question at any leisure time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman already has
that privilege.
TARIFF BILL.,
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended; and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Wash-
burn, of Maine, in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 338) to pro-
vide for the payment of outstanding Treasury
