8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
comes from that side; and I think I may say that,
ever since I have been a member of this body,
every time the action of this body has been in-
voked on this subject, it has not been by those
who are opposed to, bufcby those who are in favor
of slavery. I say that, if the ultimate results to
which the discussion is to come are to be brought
up and elucidated by this committee, and laid
before the Senate, I shall be prepared, m my
humble way, to meet that. I think the time has
come when we ought to look things in the face as
they are; and if a state of facts exists such as
seems, by the public prints, to be supposed to
exist, we ought to know it; and we ought to
know the foundation on which such a suspicion
rests.
I am free to say, sir, that, while I desire now,
as I always have desired, that this Union may bo
perpetual, I confess that I do see danger to it. I
do not see danger from anything we are doing in
the free States—not the slightest; but I do see
danger to this Union from the continual obloquy,
reproach, and crimination which is heaped upon
the people of the free States every time that there
is anything calling attention to the subject m the
South. Why, sir, take this very fact—and let it
be everything that has been said of it, and I doubt
not it is—of twenty-two men, more or less, about
that number, doing what they did in Virginia.
Instead of its being met, by the public sentiment
and the public press and the public authorities,
as the act of the men who did it, it was distinctly
and directly and unequivocally over and over again
charged upon other men, with ail the confidence
that it could have been if they had had a judg-
ment of the highest court in the land that it was
the fact—charged upon men who knew as little
about it as the child that is to be born a century
hence. 1 think we must exercise a little forbear-
ance.. I do not ask gentlemen of the South to
exercise forbearance; but we are the party from
whom forbearance should come. Sir, we have
forborne, and we have had contumely and re-
proach and bitter accusation, day after day, and
month after month, and year after year, heaped
upon us. There is where, I think, the danger to
this Union exists. I do not see, for myself, how
southern gentlemen can consent to live in a Union
if they believe that those who arc associated with
them arc the characters which the public press
represent us to be; if wo arc so utterly false, not
only to the oaths we have taken to support the
Constitution, but to the moral obligations which
ought to bind men as patriots and Christians. If
the sentiment that we are so utterly wanting in
all those qualities of character is to be continually
and eternally iterated and reiterated, from one end
of the section of the country where these trans-
actions may take place to the other, there will be
a feeling generated that will be fatal to this Union.
Again, sir, there is danger in another aspect.
You have a set of venal politicians in this country—
we have onr full share of them m the northern
States—who are ready to seize upon every such
occasion which you give them, to fan and inflame
and excite public sentiment; and there are papers
in the free States which 1 might name, it I saw
fit to do so, but I shall not, whose whole voca-
tion, whose daily work is, to stir up the waters
of this strife; and then we have another set of
men who make a trade of saving the Union, and
there is to be a convention of these mummies, I
believe, holdcn at a future day in Faneuil Hall,
who will take this subject up. But the whole
tendency and the whole effect of all these move-
ments is to vitiate and to abuse and to embitter
public opinion.
Sir, whatever may be said to the contrary, I
speak for myself—and I do not choose to speak
for others, because others arc here, and can speak
for themselves—I do not plead guilty here, or
elsewhere, to having been, on any occasion or at
any time, one of those who have given utterance,
by word or by deed or by act, to anything that
can justly subject me, individually, to any of
these charges; but I deny them utterly and en-
tirely, and I am willing to go for any investiga-
tion and any measure that will throw light upon
the public councils or give peace to the country.
But, sir, I believe that peace is to be had by jus-
tice, and that we shall not do anything to procure
pe&cc to a distracted country by an unmanly and
pusillanimous surrender of what are our just
rights and the rights of our constituents. If the
honorable Senator thinks that any of the constit-
uency which I represent have anything to do with
any of these measures, I shall not interpose the
slightest objection to any inquiry he may propose
I to make.
| Sir, there have been some things in the public
; press that it requires a great degree of forbearance
, m the public mind of the free States to tolerate.
, There have been incitements to blood and to vio-
I lencc published in the papers of some of the slave-
holding States. I think that in the Richmond
Enquirer, if I am not mistaken, there was an
advertisement offering a reward of $10,000 for the
head of a distinguished citizen of Ohio—§10,000
if he was brought alive, or §5,000 for Ins dead
body. Then, immediately upon that advertise-
ment appearing, there came out a scction of a
public law passed here in 1846—I have not got
it before me—by which we undertook to confer
upon the judges of the Federal courts authority
to carry a citizen from any one State to any other
State for the purpose of testifying in the Federal
courts. A warrantfor that purpose may be issued,
I believe, upon the affidavit of any district attor-
ney; and any Federal judge, in any State of the
Union, may issue such a paper, and send it out
and bring any individual before him. I desire to
say a word on that proposition, and say it here
and now, though it is not exactly germane to this
resolution.
I do not know but that such a use as has been
suggested may be attempted to be made of that
provision of the law. I think the law was im-
providently passed, because I believe this Fed-
eral Government has no sort of authority to take
any citizen out of his State, except in the two
i instances that are provided form the Constitution,
f and they arc fugitives from justice and fugitives
from labor; and, in my judgment, the amendment
to the Constitution which secures to the people
and to the States those rights which they have
not surrendered, precludes the idea of any other
power of taking a citizen out of his State ; and if
we had a Supreme Court where any question as
to the rights of freemen was safe when brought in
collision with those of slavery, the citizens of the
fiee States would be perfectly safe there; but we
have got no such Supreme Court. The tribunal
which sits m this Capitol has shown that, in every
question in which the rights of freemen of the
free States are brought in collision with the re-
quirements of slavery, its members arc themselves
the basest slaves of the slave power. They do
not enjoy, and 1 thank God for it, nor arc they
entitled to, the confidence of the people of the free
States. I hope, sir, that such a proceeding as
has been intimated as finding its authority in the
law leferred to, will be resisted whenever the at-
tempt is made. I hope that we shall find outni the
progress of the history of this Government that
our lathers actually left two tribunals, and that
the States are not to be entirely swallowed up in
this vortex of Federal usurpation. It looks to me
I as an onion of peculiar significance that the very
i politicians who a few years ago were loudest in
their assertion of State rights, and relied upon
that great conservative clement in the Constitution
for the preservation of public liberty, are now, to-
day, the men who are the very foremost in tj-amp-
lin" those rights under foot, and yielding anything
and. everything to the usurpations of the Federal
i power.
Sir, if all the dof.trines that have been proclaimed
in relation to this Federal power are to prevail,
and the free States are to submit to them, then we
have no Confederation, but we have one great
gigantic Federal central power that is embracing
| everything within its own grasp. They may do
] it, but 1 do hope, and I do trust in God, and in the
people, too, that the usurpation of the Federal
power, in this respect, will be taken heed of by
the Legislatures of the free States, and that they
will place their foot firmly upon the line of the
Constitution, and say to any Federal officer com-
ing with any precept from any tribunal, that when
he trenches upon the sacred ground of State rights
he will be resisted by all the force and all the
power that the State can call to its aid. It is in
this way, and in this way alone, that the liberties
of the people can be preserved against the constant
and the alarming encroachments of the Federal
power sanctioned by the Federal judiciary. You
cannot make any claim that they will not indorse.
I judge of the future by the past, and as was said
by a distinguished man, a good while ago, I know
no better lamp to guide my feet than the light of
experience, and experience teaches me that when
freedom is brought in collision with slavery, the
Supreme Court of the United States, and your
whole Federal array, are all the basest slaves of
power, striking down the most sacred guaranties
and provisions of the Constitution.
Why, sir, the trials in your Federal courts,
growing out of the attempt to enforce the fugi-
tive slave law, are the most outrageous and the
most monstrous perversions of justice that are to
be found on record even in the bloodiest times of
English history. Theydonotdeservetobe named
in the history of judicial proceedings; but when
some man whose taste shall lead him to write a
history of mobs shall give it, then the proceed-
ings of your Federal courts will find an appro-
priate place, and not till then. They have got so
now, sir, I believe, in some of the States, that
there is no jury law at all, and if there is, it is
not heeded. They send out a marshal and he
catches whom he pleases for a jury, and, lest he
may not catch the right sort, the judge undertakes
to interrogate them to know, in the first place,
what their opinions arc; and if they have any
scruples against rendering just exactly such a
verdict as ho wants, he will not let them be sworn;
and they call that a jury-trial, arid it is sanctioned
by your highest Federal judges !
I have been led into this train of remarks, not
that I think they arc all of them exactly germane
to the resolution; I did not suppose they were;
and I do not believe exactly that the resolution is
germane to any legislation that we shall have to
consider; nor do I believe that when the resolu-
tion is passed, and the investigation is had, and
the report is made, the gentlemen who have moved
it will ho very swift to ask for any Federal action;
and 1 will tell you why, sir. It is a very good
thing to have Federal action if we could always
have it on our side; and there are no gentlemen
who have scouted the idea of Federal action on
the subject of slavery more than those represent-
ing slaveholding States, when it was undertaken
to be exercised for the purpose of restraining or
restricting slavery. I remember, sir, m the ses-
sion of 1848, when a distinguished Senator from
South Carolina, not now amongst the living, John
C. Calhoun, made his great speech on the Oregon
bill. I remember how he opened that speech.
He opened it by saying—I see the Senator from
Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,] and I think he was a
member of the Senate at the same time, and he
will recollect it—that the very great advantage
which the slaveholding States had over the free
States in that controversy was, that they asked
for no Federal action, but they stood opposing
Federal action, which was invoked, as he said, by
the free States. Well, sir, there was something
plausible, to say the least of it, in that assump-
tion, and it was that they stood upon the broad
basis of the Constitution and invoked no action;
while they said the free States were invoking ac-
tion prejudicial to their interests. Mr. Calhoun
began that famous speech with an avowal of the
very great advantage which they had in the position
they occupicd, in that respect, that they invoked
no Federal action. Now, however, I understand
Federal action is to be invoked. I understand it
not only from the resolution; but I understand it
from some other things that I have read and
heard. I think I heard the same avowal made by
an honorable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr.
Brown,] at the last session of Congress, when he
said that if certain things were done the South
would invoke the action of Congress for the pro-
tection of slavery in the Territories. Well, sir,
it is not absolutely certain, though it may be pro-
bable, that if this Federal action is invoked, and
you get it, you can always control it. It is not
absolutely certain but that, in the progress of the
future, there may be a time when the Federal ac-
tion that you are now invoking for the protection
of slavery may be in hands that will find the
precedent supplied to them, and the Federal action
invoked and exerted, and they may think that a
little Federal action may then be employed for
freedom as well as for slavery. For that reason
I think, when gentlemen who arc now invoking
this action, come to look at the question and see
the results to which it may lead, and the conse-
quences that may follow, that upon the whole
they will come to the conclusion that although a
