1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 7,
thing which would have a tendency to retard their
settlement or dimmish their value; and, as the
entire history of the world shows, and our own
country establishes, that slavery is a mildew and
blight, that .Congress should keep free territory
ftec during its territorial condition, unless for any
cause it delegates such power to be exercised, by
the people therein.
I believe that slavery is a local institution, ex-
isting entirely and sustained alone by virtue of
the law of the State which creates it, not recog-
nized as such beyond the State limits only so far
as tlje Constitution of the United States regards
the rigfrt of each State to retake, and the obligation
of sister States.to return, fugitives from justice or
labor.
•Such, sir, is the platform of the Republican
' party. Does itrvoUcontain the recorded principles
of the Democratic party, and of all parties, from
the adoption of the Constitution down to 1847?
Listen to a resolution of the gallant State of
Georgia, whose entire delegation on this floor and
in the Senate make loud and valorous boasts that
no man elected on the Republican platform shall
ever be inaugurated President. On the 12th day of
January, 1775, she said:
To show the world that wc arc not influenced by any
interested or contracted, motives, but a general philan-
thropy for all mankind, of whatever language or complex-
ion. we hereby declare our disapprobation and abhonence
oftne unnatural practice ofe«Iavcry m America—a practice
founded In injustice and cruelty, and highly dxng roii.i to
our liberties, debasing part of our fellow-creaturea below
meo, and corrupting the virtu" and morals of the rest, and
is laying the basis of that liberty wc contend for upon avoiy
wrong foundation. Wc therefore waive at all times to use
our utmost endeavor* for the manumission of our slaves
in this colony, upon the most safe and cquitaUls footing for
the masters and themselves."
Men of Georgia, go by the graves of your
fathers, renew your love of country, and recall
your treasonable designs. Tho serious charges
you make against us but react upon the memory
of your ancestors. We stand this day on the
Georgia resolutions of 1775. Such were the sen-
timents of all the patriots of the Revolution.
Under their influence, your fathers—1 mean your
liberty-loving fathers, for 1 suppose the tories of
Georgia did not, even in that day, subscribe to
the aoo-ve resolutions—aided to achieve the free-
dom of our country. Tho desire of universal
liberty warmed the heart of the American soldier;
and, i  the hope of its final establishment and full
fruition, he sacrificed property and life. "By men
breathing such sentiments, the Constitution and
Union were established; and now you say that
the mere enunciation of the, same principles must
producc dissolution, anarchy, and a reign of
terror.
Washington said, in 1786:
It being among my first wl.->hcs to ^-;c some plan adopted
by which slavery in this country may be abolished by law."
Franklin, who lent the powers of a great soul
to achieve our independence, and then brought
the wisdom of a great mind to aid in constructing
a Constitution, became, almost immediately after
its adoption, president of an abolition society.
Madison said:
" We have seen mere distinction of color made, in the
most enlightened period of time, a ground of the most op-
pressive dominion ever exercised by man over man."
Mr. Henry said:
" I deplore slavery with all the pity of humanity; 1 re-
peat again, it would rejoice my soul tiiat cv-ary one of my
tcllow-beinga way emancipated."
Mr. Jefferson said:
"And with what execration should the statesman be
loaded who, permitting one halt of tho citizens thus to
trample on the rights of the other, tran form* thos-c into
despots and thr.se into enemies. Indeed, f tremble lor my
country when i icflect that God i* ju 1; ilmt Injustice
cannot sleep forever. Nothing is ino:c certainly Wiittcn in
the book of fate, than that these pooplc aio "t > bo free.
What a stupendous, what an meomprehemiibij machine is
man, wiio can endure toil, iamme, ^tr.pes, impiisonment,
and death itself, in vindication of his own hbcriv, and tin-
next moment be deaf to all those motive* who^'e power
supported him through Ills trials and inflict on ins feilow-
men a bondage, one hour of which us fraught with more
misery than ages of that which he ioxc in lcbeilion to op-
pose ! When the measure of their tears: hall he full; when
their groans .shall have involved heaven itself in darkuess,
doubtless a God of justice will awaken to their distress,
and, by diffusing light and liberality among their opptoss-
ors, or, at length, by His exterminating thunder, manifest
His attentioa to the things of this world, and that they are
not left to the guidance of a blind fatality.''
Dare you, now, believe these sentiments ? Would
you suffer a press in the southern States to pub-
fish them? Would you allow a man, except under
pain of death, to read them in the ears of your
slaves? And must I be expatriated and disfran-
chised because I merely reecho them? Sir, these
principles were bom in the shock of the Revolu-
tion, and were baptized in the blood of your fathers
and mine on the battle-fields of the North and the
South. In the light of so universal ascntimentof
universal liberty among the patriot framers of the
Constitution, will you say that the Declaration
of Independence is but a " glittering generality ?"
When the pillars of the Republic shall have crum-
bled in the dust; when her libraries shall have
been sacked and burned; when a free press and
free speech shall be dragged, as Hector, at the
chariot wheels of a slave oligarchy; when the
traditions of the battle-fields of arms and opinions
of the Revolution shall be "forgotten by an un- i
worthy posterity; then toll thorn that the great
bill of rights for all mankind was but a glittering
generality. No, sir; our Dithers throw it out, not
as a wandering comet, to dazzle for a moment by
its brilliant corruscations, but as a sun, far above
the mists and exhalations of avarice and power,
to shine upon and for all, to the remotest genera-
tions.
Such sentiments were repeated by your great
men in Virginia in 1832, shortly after the slave
insurrection at Southampton, when over sixty of
your white persons were slain. They were then
m convention discussing tho question of emanci-
pation, and when all the horrors of a servile war
were fresh in their memories, your statesmen pro-
posed to remedy the evil, not by the penitentiary
and gallows, but by applying the principle of uni-
versal liberty. Such were thcopinionsof Moore,
Rives, Powell, Preston, Randolph,Marshall, and
a host of others.
McDowell said:
"You may close upon his mind ever- avenue to knowl-
edge and cloud it over v/'th artiiieial night—yoke him to
jour labor us an ox. You may do this, and the idea tiiat
he wa* hoin to be (ice mil ^uivivo it nil; it in allied to hid
hop''of immortality; it is the cthcioal pat t of his nature
winch oppie^ion cannot icach : it i-i a tmch lit up in his
soul by tit'- hand of the Deity, and never meant to be ex-
tinguished by the hand of man. Tt gentlemen do not see or
feci this evil of slavery whiht the Federal Union lasts, they
will see and feel it when it is gone. We cannot correct
the match of time, nor stop the current of events."
Among the number who thus spoke was Charles
J. Faulkner, who lately has avowed so much of
disunity), and been duly rewarded by an appoint-
ment at the hands of this slavery-controlled Admin-
istration. The disunionist Faulkner is worthy
a foreign appointment; while the disjmionists
Phillips and Garrison would only be worthy of
stripes and imprisonment. Disunion for slavery
or for freedom are quite different things. Mr.
Faulkner, on tho 20th day of January, 383^, speak-
ing of emancipation, said:
" I tltall reckon it amort" the proudest incidents of my
life, that f haw contubuted my feeble aid to iorward a rev-
olution to grand and patriotic in its icsult-5. The people
demand it. f have tailed my voice for < mancipation. Sir,
tax my lands; vilify our country; carry the sword of ex-
termination tlnough our now defenseless villages; butrpare
us, f imnloro you, tpavo us the curse of slavery, that bit-
terest dtop from the chalice of the destroy ins angel."
This he said while the soil of Virginia was yet
moist with the blood of his murdered country-
men. He further added:
" Slaves are held not by any law of nature; not by any
patent fiom God. Sir, I am Ratified to perceive that no
gentleman lnr* yet lisen in t'lH hail the avowed advocate
of slavery. Tho day ha° feono by when such a voice could
be listened to with patience Oi forbeaiance." *
Men of Virginia, can you believe that such
opinions were uttered in the Old Dominion scarce
thirty years ago ? Now take down Helper; place
them side by side, and determine which is the
most treasonable and incendiary. How con you
"rest o' nights" while such sentiments are slum-
bering in the debates and archives of your Com-
monwealth? Get some country squire to pro-
nounce judgment, and commit them to the flames.
Fprmerly, the courts of nearly all your States
held that slavery was merely a right existing by
positive law of a municipal character, without
foundation in the law of nature.
Congress, guided by the prevailing sentiment
of the nation, exercised its power over free terri-
tory by prohibiting slavery. This was the uni-
versal action of Congress unless it was restrained
by the act of purchase oreession. In the territory
ceded to the General Government by the Carohnas
and Georgia, those States, in ceding, expressly
did so on the condition that Congress should not .
prohibit slavery therein. Those States, which
had but recently been discussing the national Con-
stitution, were presumed to be well informed as
to its spirit and provisions', and the mere fact of
their restraining Congress was an acknowledg-
ment on their part that Congress did have the
right to exercise the power, and they desired to
guardagainstit. When Louisiana was purchased,
Napoleon, in the treaty of sale, provided that the
rights of the inhabitants should be protected; and
one of those rights then existing was slavery..
Congress, however, did interfere, and exercise
a power over the Territories, by prohibiting the
foreign and domestic slave trade.
From the oidiuonceof 1787, prohibiting slavery
in the territory northwest of the Ohio, down to
1848, Congress, on eighteen different occasions,
and during each Democratic Administration, d:d,
without interruption or rebuke, exercise the power
of governing the Territories, furnishing their on-
cers, and retaining a negative or approval upon
the acts of respective Territorial Legislatures. In
the case of Florida, Congress, five times, between
1&23 and 1838, approved of, and eleven times,
during the same period, amended, the laws of her
Legislature.
The people will not, if gentlemen on this floor
dare, impugn the Democracy of Jackson. During
his administration, in 1836, a law was passed de-
claring " that no act of the Territorial Legislature
incorporating any banking institution, hereafter
to be passed, shall have any force or effect what-
ever until approved or confirmed by •Congress."
Twice did Jackson arrest the Legislatures of Wis-
consin and Florida in violation of this law. Tins
power was questioned in 1820, when Mr. Mon-
roe (and all his Cabinet, with possibly the excep-
tion of Mr. Calhoun, a majority of whom were
slaveholders) and his Democratic Administration
acknowlegcd the right, and approved its exefoyffc^
Even m 1848, Mr. Polk signed, and a DefSo*-
cratic Administration approved, the Oiegon 1-iH,
in which slavery was prohibited It is said Mr.
Polk approved the bill because the Temtory lay
north of 36° 30'. That does not weaken the force
of the argument that he recognized the existen.ee
of the power, from the fact of exercising it. The
line of 3fi° 30', by its very terms, only extended-
to the Louisiana purchase, and could not be ap-
plied to any other Territory, unless especially
enacted. It did not reach west of the Rocky
Mountains, and when the South insisttd that the
line, in 1847-48, should be extended to the Pacific,
tho very fact that they urged an extension of the
line by Congress,'is an irresistible argument that
they believed Congress had the power so to ex-
tend it. They claimed thai in the spirit of the
legislation of 18'20,the line should be extended to
the Pacific. They did net question the power <f
Congress so long as they hoped to control its cjerciw
Hence, there was no possible restraint on Mr.
Polk from vetoing the Oregon bill, had lie or his
party believed Congress possessed no sych power.
Polk had only to restrain legislation, not to and >,
but to keep from doing, in onkr to"save the Con-
stitution.
In 1854, the Democratic party bejieved, or pro-
fessed to believe, that Congress had no such
power, and it had no hesitation in destroying the
workt of the fathers. By way of episode, allow
me to add that Mr. Buchanan, at Lancaster, No-
vember 523,1819, offered a resolution that the Rep-
resentatives in Congress arc most earnestly '' jr -
quested to use their utmost endeavors, as members
of the national Legislature, to prevent the exten-
sion of slavery in any of the Territories or Stales
which may be cieatcd by Congress." Does Mr.
Buchanan occupy that position to-day? He went
a step further in'behalf of freedeftn than the P.* -
publicans on this floor. Was Mr. Buchanan a
murderer and traitor in 1819?
In 3810 and 1828, the Supreme Court of the
United States recognized and alermed this power
of Congress under the Constitution.
Such is the uniform and concurrent historical,
legislative, and judicial history of this subject,
down to 1848. At that time the fruitful valleys
and rich mines of California aroused the lust of
gain and desire for power in the breasts of the
slaveholders. They sought a market on the Pa
cific coast for their human merchandize, and were
a\ aricious for the control of that princely domain;
and they knew their only way was through and
over the well-defined legislation of the country.
