1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
They ai.so knew the influence a few slate owners
would exercise; that less than three hundred thou-
sand controlled fifteen States of the Union; and
they sought to take the arm of Congress from be-
tween their unholy desires and the object of their
ambition. Lewis Cass was easily m ol d od to their
purposes. In his famous Nicholson letter, which
procured for him the title of father of squatter
sovereignty, he says:
" I am strongly imnrcsscd with the opinion that a groat
change has been going on m the public mind upon this-sub-
jeet1-in my own as well oUieiri."'
Change from what? Clearly from the restrict-
ive policy of Congress. If squatter sovereignty
had always been the faith of the party, there was
no occasion for a change. In the. same letter, he
declares tho result of the change to be, u leaving
the people of the Territories to regulate their in-
ternal concerns in their own way; they are just
as capable of doing so as the people of the States.''
This was to be the open-sesame for the extension
of slavery on the Pacific coast. It was all the
slave pow er demanded. Under it they expected
to cxpandond conquer. But the swift current of
events brought California into the Union before
they could stake the hazard on the race; and this
doy we rejoice that, in the land of the setting sun,
the clanking chains of oppression grpte not with
nature's harmony, and her soil is not wet with
the sweat and tears and blood of the slave.
In 3847, the northern Democracy did not doubt
the constitutional right of Congress to prohibit
slavery in the Territories, but claimed that Con-
gress should not act upon the subject until the
war with Mexico was terminated, and it should
be first ascertained whether we were to acquire
additional domain. The .Legislatures of all the
Democratic free States, save one, passed resolu-
tions demanding that slavery should be prohibited
in tho Territories. At that time Lewis Cass was
not nominated tor the Presidency, and amid the
"noise and confusion" of that session the change
had not commenced coming over <{ the spirit of
his dream," for m the Senate lie nowhere denied
the power of Congress, at the proper time, to
restrict slavery.
Daniel S. Dickinson, whose Democracy has
never been questioned south of Mason and Dix-
on's line, said in yonder Senate Chamber, on the
1st day of March, 1847—for lie had not yet experi-
enced a change of heart, although he shortly tffter
became an anxious inquirer when he heard the
blowing of the South wind:
" 1 would not have added one single word upon the sub-
ject of slavery; but it is due to the occasion that my views
upon it shou'd be fully understood, rio far as I am advised
or believe, the great mass of the people of the Noith enter-
tain but one opinion on the subject, and that is the same
which was entertained by many at the South. Thev rcgaid
the institution as a great mora! and political evil, and would
that it had no cxi^tcnce. Hut beinpr an institution ol ioeal
K>v>rni«rntv, they deny that t-ueh sovereignty or its people
can ju-ith chum the light to icgard it transiton, ami to
erect it in the Tcrutory of the United St ites \\ ith'vit the
amhoiity of Congress, and they behave that Congiess hipy
prohibit its introduction into the Territones while they
rentain such."
Commenting upon the resolution of New York,
demanding a fundamental provision restraining
ela\ery from the Territories, he continued;
"The tuiritorycontemplated is California, which is now
free, and it it h obtained by us it will be fiee until it is in-
corporated by us, and cannot become slave teiritory with-
out the legislation of Congress; and in and bj such legis-
lation a fundamental article prohibiting slavery can be
piopeily inserted. This resolution, then, instructs u* that
when any territory shall be brought within our iiiiHdietion
by the act of Congie s, whatever that a<.t may be, to insert
in iouoh act a fundamental clause piohibitnig slavery ; and
so I am ready to vote, xnstiueted or unmstiucted.*'
But he was not willing to insert it in an appro-
priation bill. On tho same day, Hon. Revcrdy
Johnson, then a Whig Senator from Maryland,
now one of the leaders of the slavery-extending
Democracy, said:
[ believe. [ have ever believed, since I was capable of
thought, that slavery is a great affliction to any country
wiu'ie it picvails. and so believing, I can never vote fot
any mea^me calculated to enlaige its area, and to render
more permanent it* duiation: and above all, di&guise it
we ma", it the lawsot population shall not b« changed by
Provul^ju-e, ei man's natute snail not be changed, it is an
InstitiU on sooner or later pregnant with fearful mischief.
The op mon i hold upon this institution i  not now for the
fh.-t tune ionncd o) expressed by a southern man. The lus-
toij oiourcountrv psovesthis. At the peuod ofthe Declaia-
tion ol our Independence, at the period of this Com-tltution,
there wa* but one M'ntiruent upon the >ubiect among en-
Iijihtened i-outhem state&incn. What 1 have said was on
cvct psopT occasion more forcibly said bv them, and as
furenit>M among Hiein, Messrs, Jwkrvuu ana Madisou."
Now, sir, do Mr. Dickinson and his friends,
and Mr. Johnson and his friends, occupy that
position ( The Republican party is standing this
aay on the platform they gave us in 1847. Were
they murderers and traitors ? Why should we be
now ?
In December, 1847, Mr. Dickinson began to
bend before the southern blast, and he introduced
a resolution in the Senate:
"That the truespuit and meaning of the Constitution
wili be be*t ob^civcd, and the Confedeiacy strengthened,
by leaving ail questions concerning the domestic policy of
the Terntoued to tne Legislatures chosen by the people
thereof'
And in his speech on the 12th day of January,
1848, he said:
"The resolution declares that the domestic policy ofthe
people of a Territory shall be IcJt with them, and if that
power resides m Congies?- a? is eontended,"(whiehhe did
not then deny,) " it should be delegated to the people of
the Tenitoiv, and be cxercis-ed by the m.''
For the benefit of conservative old-line Whigs,
Mr. Webster said, August IS, 1848:
" We certainly do not pi event the.mfiom going into these
Territones with what i-, m general law, called pioperty.
lint the>e States have by their ioeal laws created a property
in persons, and th-y cannot carry their local laws with them.
Slaveiy is cjcited and e\i>ts, by a local law which is lim-
ited to a certam section, and it i-ia^ked that Congress should
estabh.-ji a local law in other Teiritones to enable southern
Senators to cairy their particular law with them. There is
a belief prevailing tluit .-lave labor and fiee labor cannot exist
together. lie had a letter from Mr. Mason, in which it is
stated, that (slave labor will expel free labor.'"
An irrepressible conflict older than Seward's
Rochester speech.
I beg pardon for quoting Mr. Webster. I know
the latter-day saints in the Democraticparty ,m this
and the Senate Chamber, have lately discovered
that the groat expounder was mistaken about the
Constitution, as were the fathers and fiamcrs
thereof. Onlya few days ago, in the Senate, Sen-
ator Wigfall said:
" Why, sir, there was the mo«t distinguished man this
country ha« ever seen. Daniel Webster, the great expounder
ofthe Constitution, as he was called; and fhazard theas-
seition, that it theie was a > ingle thing about which he was
more piofoundiy ignoiont than any man m the United
States, it was the Constitution ofthe United States."
For the benofitofthat portion ofthe Democracy
who arc now the self-constituted custodians ofthe
memory and reputation of Henry Clay, I com-
mend his remarks in the Senate, m 1850:
" So long as God allows the vital current to flow through
my veins J w;!I never—no, nevei—by word or thought, by
mind or will, aid in admitting one rood of fiee teiritory to
the everkxstmgcuise ofhuman bondage."
Were Webster and Clay murderers and traitors? ;
Then why are wo? Their faith is now our politi- j
cal creed. ! f we are deserving imprisonment and j
death, then, hyena-like, go cast your harsh de- i
nunciations at tlfeir rifled graves, expose them to
political execration, and hang their bones from
your gibbets in chains.
In 1848, many Democrats did not experience the
sudden conversion which overtook Lewis Cass,
and the clone which was iejected at Philadelphia
became the head of the corner at BulFalo, and was
laid with great care by the Ludlows, the Van Bu-J
rens, the Caggers, the R.chmonds, and a host of j
others, among whom it would be disrespectful j
to omit my distinguished colleague, [Mr. John \
Cochrane.] I have not the honor of their politi- j
cal fellowship now, although 1 never deserted the >
principles they taught me. When my friend's '
[Mr. John: Cochrane] attention was called to the !
resolutions at U tier. he would none of it, butdesired t
to meet at Plulippi. Let hnn beware; for on that j
field may appear to him the ^hostof the murdered j
Ccesar. It might not have been at the base of ;
Poiupey's pillar he stabbed the principles he so \
earnestly and eloquently—and his followers be- i
lieved honestly—professed; but they stood be- j
tvvcen him and the aim of his ambition j
Did any northern Democrat, Hunker, or Barn- !
burner dream, in July, 1848, that neither Con- f
gress nor the people could exclude slavery from j
the Territories ? rso, sir: not one. Greene C. '
Bronson, who, 1 believe, was never suspected by j
friend or foe of having any abolition tendencies, \
the hardest granite m the quarry, receiving an j
invitation from All. John* Cochrane to address a |
political meeting, respectfully declined. In
his letter lie said.*
" ^kivciy i,\un«ot exist wnere tnerr is w  positive law to
uphold it. It is not nccessarv that it should be forbidden;
it is enough that it is not specially authorized. State laws
have no extra tentorial authoiitv ; and a law ol Yugmia
which makes a man a slave there, cannot make frhn a
slave m New York, nor beyond the Rocky Mountains, if
our southern brethren wish to carry their slaves to OrQgon,
New Mexico, or California, they will be under the neces-
sity of asking a law to warrant it; and it will thei* be-in
time for the free States to resist the measure, as £ cannot
doubt they vfbuld with unwavering firmness. But if our
southern brethren should make the question, we shall havp
no choice but to meet it; and then, whatever consequences
may.follow, I trust the people of the free States win give
a united voice against allowing slaverv on a single foot of
soil where it is not now authorized by'laW."
Do Mr. Bronson and his friends now main-
tain that position? This very day the Republi-
cans are occupying that ground. Was he a
murderer and traitor ? Then why are we ?
In 1849, the Democratic party in the State df
New York became a unit on substantially the
basis of Mr. Bronson's letter. The slave power
soon forced them from it; and from the resolu-
tions of the united Democracy in that State, the
Republicans have compiled their political cate-
chism.
The compromise measures of 3850 were acqui-
esced in for the reason that the Democratic con-
vention and Franklin Pierce assured is, it was
the last great finality, and as all our territory was
provided for, the disturbing question could never
arise. Scarcely had his pledge reached the ex-
treme of the? Union, when, like a shock of thunder
in a clear sky, the public mind was startled „with
the cry of repeal of the Missouri line, and the sea
of slavery agitation was again lashed into a furi-
ous foam. To feed the encroaching spirit of ag-
gression, the Democratic party had to go mousing
back thirty years in order to find some law to
repeal to satisfy its insatiable desire. Congres-
sional restriction stood botwoen the slave breeders
and the golden shores of California, and it receded
at their command. The compromise line which
your fathers and ours then planted as a barrier on
which wight break and rebound the dark and ad-
vancing wave of slavery, stood,bctween them and
the rolling prairies of Kansas and Nebraska. And
the edict went forth for its demolition for no other
object than the spread of slavery. It lay within
their reach, and they supposed would be an easy
prey to their peculiar institutions.
The sword that was to strike down the barrier
to slavery was to be drawn from the scabbard of
popular sovereignty. This new doctrine was the
rallying cry of the Democracy of 1856, and was
indorsed in Mr. Buchanan's letter of acceptance.
Who then believed it was a myth, and meaning-
less? Were the northern Democrats told that
this new opinion was to be supplanted in less than
four years, and that they must surrender at dis-
cretion and rcccdc from the position they honestly
sustained ?
The South was again beaten at her own game,
(i for the wicked is snared in the work of his own
hands;" but the victory cost northern freemen
treasure and blood. The power she so much cov-
eted passed from her reach, and by the retribution
of a wise Providence, she was not allowed to reap
the hopes of her folly and wickedness:
"Like Dead sea fiuits,
They turned to ashes on the lips."
Twice had she struck down the monuments of
the past to gratify her unholy lust for gain and
power, and twice was she prevented from reach-
ing the crown. Tho South could have no rest
while Mordecni sat at the king's gate; while the
prohibitory clause guarded the freedom of the
western plains; but she perished on the gallows
erected for another. Freedom could not be over-1
come by all the power of fraud,"of unjust legisla-
tion, and a willing Executive; then she must be
bound and taken in the temple of justice, and
throttled by a political decision.
Calhoun ai}d Buchanan, m the Senate of the
United States, assumed it as a cardinal faith of
the Democratic party, that one coordinate depart-
ment of the Government could not control the
exercise of the other while acting in its proper
sphere.
When did South Carolina experience a baptism
into this new love and undying allegiance to the
merging of fill departments of Government into the
judiciary ? Has she forgotten that, in her nulli-
fying ordinance of 1832, she went so far as to pro-
hibit any appeal, or the transmission of any rec-
ords, from her State courts to the Supremo Court
of the United States, under pain of fine and im-
prisonment?
Let me notbe misunderstood. I yield to no man
