10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
worth resulted from the transaction which has been
referred to. As to the statement of Captain Leon-
ard, I would receive it in its entirety. He is an hon-
orable man, a gallant soldier, who has borne arms
for his country, who performed distinguished ser-
vice on the field of rlattsburg. He is living, to-
day, a monument of the time when northern men
did not consider partisan advantages when the in-
terests of the whole country were involved. He
was a northern man by birth; he was from Ver-
mont; but, sir, it was neither a question of anti-
slavery nor pro-slavery with Leonard. As an offi-
cer of the Government, hchadhisduty to perform,
and 1 believe he performed it honestly and fear-
lessly at all times. He was seized, overpowered,
and the arms were taken away from him; such, as
I remember, was his report; I have not referred
to it recently. It was not then a question of
extending slavery or restricting slavery—a dis-
crimination that is now sought to be made between
the two cases. It was the search of men who
were engaged in border warfare in Kansas as to
where they could get arms, and they seized the
public arms. The other was a case of disturb-
ing the sovereignty, the peace, the constitutional
rights of the people of one of the States of the
Union.
The Senator from New Hampshire quoted a
remark of Mr. Calhoun, and referred to me as
one who was here at the time; but lie did not
state, and it would have been fair in him to have
gone on and stated, what were the circumstances
"under which Mr. Calhoun made the remark.
•There was then an attempt on the part of those
who were opposed to the extension of slavery to
introduce a law prohibitory of its extension into
Oregon and other Territories. Clearly, then, the
great advantage which the South had was, that
she was standing still when all that was proposed
to be done was evil. In the Senator's subsequent
reference to my colleague, the case was entirely
different. I do not pretend to state what the posi-
tion of my colleague was; but certainly the cases
are wholly unlike when constitutional rights are
  invaded in one, and when constitutional rights are
to be protected in the other. The remedy in the
one is resistance—m the other, action. I do not
suppose that my colleague has ever said we had
no protection now. I do not suppose he is willing
to admit to-day, or ever has admit ted, that the laws
and the Government of the United States do not
afford us protection. I trust itis adequate; in the
hands of faithful executive officers L nope it will
always so remain. But the Senator goes on to refer
to what maybe the state of the case when the Ex-
ecutive changes, and what may be the state of the
case when the purpose for which the Federal Gov-
ernment is invoked may change. Then, sir, I have
only to tell him that, when the Executive shall use
the powers intrusted to him, for the protection of
constitutionalrights, for their destruction, and th-%
Congress of the United States shall legislate not to
secure to us the blessmgs of peace, not to secure
to us the rights of liberty, and the protection of
person and property, tlien the Government will
nave been perverted from the purpose for which
it was established, and we shall recur to our
reserved rights.
I have no wis!) to cripple the power of the Fed-
eral Government; I have no wish to put it in
fetters that will prevent it from discharging its
legitimate duty, for the fear that if properly en-
dowed its powers may at some time be used for
our destruction. I trust the people of whom 1
am an humble representative will never sink so far
beneath the dignity of their fathers as only to feel
that they are .secure under a king-log. Suffi-
ciently intelligent to understand their rights, suf-
ficiently brave to defend them, they have proved
loyal to the Government, and loyal they will re-
main to il so long as it remains true to its duty.
When its powers shall bo perverted from pro-
tection to destruction, their allegiance will cease,
and with the same spirit in which they instituted
this Government They will build up another.
Wc, therefore, Mr. President, look to this Gov-
ernment that it may show its good faith to the
obligation which the Constitution imposes, to
protect us m our rights of person and property as
far as the Federal functions extend. We expect
of the Federal Government, in consideration of
the fact that lh'1 States offer no barrier to the mi-
gration of individuals from other States, tln>t it
will see that lawless mobs do not go forth to dis-
turb the peace of their neighbors. This Govern-
ment was instituted to protect the people against
the invasion of their rights, from any quarter
whatever. The President is empowered by the
Congress to call out the militia to suppress insur-
rection and repel invasion. That word "inva-
sion," once had a signification which carried the
mind simply to foreigners alone. God forbid we
should ever come to learn that it means likewise
a portion of our own brethren; and may He also
forbid that the time shall ever come when we
shall have an Executive who would shrink from
the performance of that duty with the directness,
manliness, and honesty which have been delayed
by James Buchanan. *
Mr. GREEN. Mr. President, I very much
regret hearing any reference made to the by-gone
scenes and days of Kansas; and I certainly must
consider it as very inappropriate. All the ques-
tions springing out of that Territory, and of the
events which there occurred, are past and gone;
and when this absolute and direct attempt to sub-
vert the Government was made at Harper's Ferry,
I had supposed it would'meet the unanimous con-
demnation of every man in the land not engaged
in it. The Senator from Illinois says he does
condemn it; but it looks very extraordinary, to
my mind, at least, that he should seek to associate
with it and to connect with it the old and for-
gotten scenes of Kansas. Is it to lesson the enor-
mity of the deeds of Brown and his associates?
Is it to divert public attention from their proper
consideration and condemnation ? What is the
purpose ? Be the purpose what it may in his own
mind, I must be indulged, in behalf of Missouri
and Missourians, m a few words of vindication
of them from the remarks he made in seeking to
assimilate the events of Kansas with this direct
attack, by proclamation and by attempted consti-
tutional organization, to subvert the Federal Gov-
ernment of the Union.
There was a depository of arms in the State
of Missouri. The Mr. Thompson to whom the
Senator from Illinois referred is a highly honor-
able and good citizen. Arms were taken from
that place, for what purpose ? To seek to estab-
lish slavery in Kansas, as the Senator a'sserts in
the Senate ? Not one word of it, sir. To seek to
subvert any law in the State of Virginia or m the
Territory of Kansas? Not one word of it, sir.
What then ? In the Territory of Kansas, the legal
authorities were resisted by the Emigrant Aid So-
ciety, carrying Sharpens rifles,setting at defiance
the laws of Kansas. The legal authorities of
Kansas requested assistance, for what? To vio-
late law? To subvert government? No; but to
resist the lawless bands that had been brought in
through the instrumentality of the Emigrant Aid
Society. That assistance was extended by some
citizens of Missouri. It may be said that the
generous impulse of their hearts to aid and assist
the lawful authorities of the neighboring Terri-
tory induced them to cross a boundary which
they ought not to have crossed; that is all that
can be said to their condemnation; but whether
so or not, whether they did right or wrong in
crossing the boundary line that separated Kansas
from Missouri, they went to uphold the lawful
authorities of the Territory, not to plant slavery
anywhere, not to excite insurrection anywhere,
but to maintain and support the constitutional
authority of the Territory. This is the truth,
and the remarks of the Senator shall not be per-
mitted to go broadcast over the land, in the light
in which he chooscs to consider the transaction,
without my correction.
Again, the mappropriatenoss of the reference
must strike every one who will tax his memory
enough to go bark in congressional history to
the record of 1806. Subsequent to these scenes
the whole matter was investigated; all of the then
denominatedcivihvarwas gone into. The efforts
to interfere with the affairs of Kansas were first
made by the societies of Massachusetts, and
prcacheis of the Gospel asked contributions of
Sharpc *s rifles to arm bands, and send them there
to resist law. After these things were all done,
and a counter resistance had been made from Mis-
souri, but a counter resistance to maintain and
uphold law—I will not say who was right and
who was wrong—the whole matter was submit-
ted to a committee in this body; was thoroughly
and completely investigated; and the Senator's
own colleague [Mr. Douglas] made an elaborate
report in which the legal, constitutional authori-
ties were maintained and sustained, and the assist-
ance they received from the Missourians passed
without condemnation.
Now, it will not do to go back and say it was
all wrong. Whether right or wrong, shall we
keep up a perpetual quarrel on subjects that have
been investigated and settled5 Must we, at every
meeting of this body, instead of turning our at-
tention to the present condition of the country
and shaping our legislation so as to meet the wants
of the country, go back five or ten years and quar-
rel over old subjects long since investigated, set-
tled and determined and past?
For my part, I look upon the unfortunate occur-
rence at Harper's Ferry as demanding some ac-
tion of the Federal Government. As to the scenes
that transpired in Kansas four or five years ago,
though I differ with the Senator from Illinois as
to the cause of the difficulty there; but whether I
am right or wrong, it is best to let them all pass.
That is a subject in the prior history of the coun-
try. The acts which transpired then are recorded,
and posterity will judge cither with him or myself
when they come to review them. So far as the
present application is concerncd, it ought not to
be associated or connected with the occurrences
that took place in Kansas. Thefcnly object I have
in view is to keep up the separation; but, at the
same time, if he wants a reexamination, to con-
cede to him a committee independent and separate
from this. The whole action of the Missourians
in that regard is open to public inspection, ready
to be investigated, and they ore willing to have it
investigated. The honorable Senator himself may
have any committee he pleases for that purpose.
But let the inquiries be separate. Let us not look
back so far to stir up subjects of irritation, to in-
crease the discord, to magnify the ill feeling that
unfortunately already exists. My only purpose
in rising was to correct the Senator.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. Mr. President, it seems
to me, if I understand gentlemen correctly on all
sides of the House, that there can be no occasion
for any debate or dispute. Both the subjects of
inquiry are to be attended to, as I understand.
The inquiry proposed by the honorable Senator
fiom Virginia, seems to meet the approbation of
every Senator who has expressed an opinion.
The inquiry proposed by the honorable Senator
from Illinois, who moves the amendment, does
not seem to be objected to, certainly not by the
honorable Senator from Virginia. I suppose the
only objection is that these two subjects should
be united together and referred to the same com-
mittee. I presume the Senator from Virginia is
entirely willing to have the subject of inquiry in
relation to the arsenal on the borders of Kansas
referred to a different committee. A simple reso-
lution, then, that these two subjects shall be re-
ferred to different committees, it seems to me,
would silence all objection on every side; and I
hope that course will be taken. A very slight
amendment in the conclusion of the resolution,
simply declaring that the two subjects shall be
referred to different committees, will meet every
objection.
1 think it is of some little consequence that us
far as possible we should avoid discussion at this
time upon a subject of such recent and irritating
character as that which now has been attracted
by the resolution of the gentleman from Virginia.
We meet under circumstances of peculiar respons-
ibility and peculiar care and concern to the
whole country. I have not known a Congress at
any time assembled, unless it be. in time ofTorcign
war, under circumstances so much demanding the
Senate's calmness and consideration as at present.
The subject proposed for reference by the gentle-
man from Virginia is undoubtedly a very grave
one, and ought to be treated as such. Sir, I shall
not go into it at all, because that would lead to
the very debate which I think may be very profit-
ably avoided on this occasion. There is enough
of passion, enough of irritation, and enough of
excitement in every part of the Union. You, sir,
and those over whom you preside, as the fathers
of the country, may be cxpectcd to set an exam-
ple of forbearance and of deliberation. I hope we
shall do so, sir.
Undoubtedly the resolution of inquiry proposed
by the gentleman from Virginia is entirely, to say
the least of it, unobjectionable. I have some ap-
prehensions that both these resolutions, in all
