ms
THE: OOKGEESSIONAIi GLOBE.
June 13,
revulsion upon us for six months I did not biame
men for insisting upon waiting until we had a re-
currence of prosperous times before forming a
judgment as to a change ,of the tariff laws. AH,I
asked then, all I have asked since, is that you
will prevent frauds. That,*I think, will do well
any time. But this is an attempt to evade the
whole question, to say again, after having re-
peated It before twice, that there is a prospect of
meeting the expenditures of this Government with
'a revenue bill that yields an average of only four-
teen per cent. I have taken the' pair.s to aver-
age' the imports for five years before the tariff
was altered, and they did not come up to ovei
070,000,000. Last year we imported three hun-
dred and thirty or three hundred and forty r\nl-
lion dollars, and we did not get §50,000,000 of
duty. 1 have not seen one return that averaged
over fourteen per cent, under the present tanfl,
and yet we are told by twisting the figures, tnat
it can be got up to nineteen per cent. I have
heard the Senator from Virginia say repeatedly
that there was no doubt it would yield seventeen
or eighteen per cent., when he had the tables be-
fore him showing that it only produced fourteen.
I do not understand why men will persist in these
things after experience has shown their error. I
agree that every man has a right to his judgment
"as to what will be the result ol a change oi the
revenue laws, and wc may honestly differ as to the
effect of that. He said last year that, if he was
going to get more revenue, lie would reduce the
rates even below tiie piesent average, fourteen
percent. I do not hear any such proposition
now. That-eeems to have gone by. We aie im-
porting 'as much, as we can pAiy for, and have
been lor three years We cannot import any
more permanently. Look at our present condi-
tion. There is not a uulroad difficulty which
occurs in the country, but you hear that the adjust-
ment of its atfai is must wait for the British bond
holders to inteifeieand see bow they will arrange
matters. We are under them now m everyplace
where we are indebted; and X do not want to see
us placed any more under the control of foreign
bondholders. I would prefer that we should not
import any more than we can pay lor. I have not
kept the run of the amounts that we have appro-
priated; but! am sure they are far beyond the re-
ceipts under this tariff. I was very glad to see
some appropriation made lo pay tne clahns^ of
contractors for furnishing maleiiuls and carrying
on in a moderate way the eompletion ot the pub-
lie buildings. I think that laajudiciousexpundi-
turc; but as to going into any large outlay, I am
as much opposed to it as anybody. I say, how-
ever, we cannot obtain the necessary means undei
the present tariff. 'The interest on our debt is now
#4,000,000 a year. You have increased the debt
during the present Administration ^40,000,000,
and there was twenty-five or twenty-eight million
dollars of debt before, so that the whole debt to-
day, is sixty-five or sixty-eight million dollars:
the interest on which at six per cent, would come
to about four million dollars a year. 1 do not
want to hire money lo pay interest; and we have
heard a great deal lately about compounding in-
terest.
We have had a six months' session, and noth-
ing has been done in this respect. 1 complain of
nobody; but i do thmk it is due to the country
that we should meet the expenditures of the coun-
try by a judicious arrangement of our revenue
laws. X am no advocate of exorbitant duties,
and never have been. X do not think, however,
that they pioduce the effect that many people
suppose, for after you impose enough duties to
give our people the market, it makes but little
difference what the duty is. If twenty per cent,
will do, it is just as good as sixty; and I suppose
that nobody will deny that we ought to give a
little preference to our own people in our own
market. _ _
Now, sir, as to this proposition to fund this
debt to be paid off a few years hence, and under-
take to rely for its redemption under the receipts
of the present Saw, I think it is not what states-
men ought to rely upon, after the experience we
have had. No man can make it out, by any pos-
sible statement of figures, that we have collected
enough in tin- last three years to meet our ex-
penses in that time by from fifty-five to sixty mil-
lion dollars. I know how matters have been kept
along. In the first place, we issued Treasury notes
for a little while. There was great complaint
among some Senators that tliatkind of paper was
circulating medium; and before that session was
over we had a loan of the same amount to redeem
these Treasury .notes. Was there ever one of them
redeemed with the loan ? Not a dollar. We did
not issue the last of the loan so long as we had
any Treasury notes at issue. The loan was kept
back, and the Treasury notes kept in circula-
tion until, I believe, last February there were
§10,000,000of the loan negotiated;but,atany rate,
it was since we came here. I venture to say we got
more premium on the loan than there are now
Treasury notes to issue. We have received into
the Treasury §40,000,000 from paper money that
is afloat to-day, and X believe it is a good time to
fund this debt. It is my deliberate judgment that,
with such a modification of the revenue system
as the House of Representatives have devised, we
shall want to fund these $20,000,000 of Treasury
notesforaperiodgoingaheadafew years—I should
think ten years ccrtainly—and then wc shall have
to give liberty to issue a few Treasury notes be-
sides. If that is the necessity of the case, with a
proper revision of our revenue system, so as to
meet in all ordinary times the expenditures of the
Government, and lay by such amountthat we can
redeem this debt in fifteen years, I will agree to it
Anybody who looks over the present debt will
see that it is all to bo paid in fifteen years. This
amount of charge upon the Treasury is not only
pO,000,000, but it is §15,000,000 more for mtei-
ost. That is $35,000,000. If you put these present
Treasury notes on the same basis, that will be
thirty-five other millions, making £,70,000,000;
and the present $28,000,000 of debt, with the in-
terest on it, will be as much as ^38,000,000. There
will be §108,000,000 that will be chargeable on the
Treasury for the next fifteen years, ifyou mean to
get it out ill that time; and you must have about
seven million dollars a year appropriated to it.
I do not believe any one would want to postpone
this cfebt over fifteen years., in time of peace; and
in order to redeem it in fifteen years every man
knows we must get as much as from six to eight
million dollars more than the ordinary expenses
of the Government. We cannot meet it. We do
not expect to pay it all next year, or two years, or
three years; and I want the Senator from Virginia,
who lifis charge of the finances, to make a state-
ment of whata mount over and above the ordinary
expenses of the Government will be required to
redeem the last few years'indebtedness in the next
ten or twelve or fifteen years, or just as soon as
he thinks it judicious to redeem it. When we
contracted the debt, he said it ought to be tempo-
rary. The only apology he made for issuing
Treasury notes was, that he did not want a per-
manent debt; and then,when hegot his |20,000,000
loan bill, it was to redeem the Treasury notes,
and pi event us from having this floating debt. It
was so stated; but wc did not redeem the floating
debt; we have used up the money, and have not
paid the Treasury notes. X do not complain
about that, though X thmk it is a bad way of do-
nig things. But I say now, inasmuch as we owe
these ^,08,000,000, with interest on it, any man j
who professes to have any regard for a judicious !
system of managing the finances of the country,
should provide m the revenue laws for the redemp-
, don of that debt within the period by which he
I proposes to have it come due; and that cannot be
done, and he will not pretend that it can be done,
with the present revenue system. He does not
propose to lesort to direct taxes. There isagood
deal oftalk of how much better thatsystem would
be; but I never saw anybody who would bo will-
ing to resort to it.
I cannot believe that there is a man in the Sen-
ate of the United States who will venture the
assertion that we can collect money enough under (
the present levenue laws to pay the oidmary ex- ]
pens s of the Government and redeem this debt j
withm the time in which it will fall due. I have j
not heard any man bold enough to make that ;
statement. Unless it is disigned to complicate'
this matter and get up a disagreement between the
two Houses, X say the legitimate way is to take 1
the bill which the'House of Representatives have
sent to us. They are, by the Constitution, the
custodians of this subject. The bill is to originate
there, though we can amend it. Now, this isnot j
a bill purporting to laise revenue, but a proposi- j
wliat-does the Senator from Virginia propose to
do with it > He takes a part of the very bill that
is provided to raise the revenue and to fund the
debt, and proposes to put it as an amendment to
an appropriation bill, lstliat a legitimate method?
Is it a fair method towards the House of Repre-
sentatives? Is it not a method to complicate this
matter, and to get it in a place where six men will
be appointed to agree upon it, as the tariff was
agreed upon in a conference, and neither House
of Congress knew what the tariff was when it
came backfromtheconferencecommittee? I have
no desire to find fault with six men arranging the
whole revenue system of the country in a com-
mittce-room, and coming m here and saying," the
committee of conference have agreed to put in
this, that, and the other amendment, and to leave
out this, that, and the other." You mightas well
undertake to weave a web here as to understand
it. Nobody knows about it; but we have confi-
dence in the committees, and vote it blind. Here
is a great system to be remodeled. I say it can
be done in a reasonable time, and it is our duty
to stay here and do it.
I had no expectation that such a proposition as
this would come in as an amendment to this bill,
and I do not know what the title of the bill is, but
it is not for any purpose of raising revenue. I
am told this appropriation bill is the executive,
judicial, and legislative appropriation bill. I do
not know but that an amendment of this kind
might, with propriety, be put on to an executive
bilF, but I have no disposition to find fault with
any department of this Government, further than
to say that I think they are bound to give us, in
the annual statements of the Treasury, their dc-
libeiate judgment, as to what will be the result.
I must confcss that I felt chagrined when that first
annual statement of theSecretary of the Treasury
came in here stating that, on the 30th of June, he
would have a balance of four or five hundred thou-
sand dollars, and that witlun a week he should ask
us for §30,000,000 to get along with that year. I
say that was not a fur exhibit of accounts to the
Congress of the United States; nor do X believe
now that the Secretary of the Treasury can give
it as his deliberate opinion that with this amend-
ment he can getedong.
Mr. TOOMBS. Mr. President, this is a very
narrow question of itself. Of course, gentlemen
can, on any financial question or appropriation,
wander as far as they please; for it is a very great
subjectin all its ramifications. The House of Rep-
resentatives sent a bill to this body to fund for
two years the floating public debt m the shape
of Treasury notes, connected with a tariff bill.
The Committee on Finance, to whom it was re-
ferred, did not concur with the House in the ne-
cessity or propriety of that tariff, though that
question will come up in the future to be decided
by the Senate; but we did concur in so much of
their bill as proposed to fund this debt; or rather,
I believe, a majority of the committee preferred
that they should continue to float; but inasmuch
as the House of Representatives proposed to fund
it for two years, wc supposed it best to extend
the time to five years. Then, as was stated by
the chairman of the Committee on Finance, we
proposed to guard it so that the money should
not be used for any other purpose; and tlmt is all
there is in the amendment. The House has con-
ceded the necessity of funding fortwo years. If
the Senate prefers two years, I am content. We
have shown the necessity of guarding it. We
propose to guard it in order that the proceeds of
this loan may be used exclusively for the purpose
of paying the public debt, and not expended in the
payment of appropriations. I say that is the
whole question m the amendment, and no other.
The gentleman has not only branched off into
politics, but he has spoken about the estimates of
the Secretary of the Treasury. I remember that
argument of the Senator, frequently made upon
this fiooragain jind again; and I should have sup-
posed that the Senator had enough experience of
his own to have got rather tired of it. The first
estimate of the Secretary of the Treasury was
wide of the mark. The second, I think, came
within less than $1,000,000 of the entire receipts
of the Government. He estimated them at the
sum of $50,000,000; and they were between forty-
nine and fifty million dollars—less than a million.
I think, when the Senator spoke on the subject
tt K/Xll UWl [JUJ *• ™  I! -------- j   --    ...... t _
tion to provide for the funding of the debt; and j! of the estimates, he missed the mark by at least
