1030
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
in my demotion to the laws and judicial decisions;
but 1 claim the right to seek the repeal of an un-
just law, or the reversal of a decision which shocks
the humanity of the nation. This very hour,
"Virginia is waging an irrepressible cojifliet in the
court of appeals, in the State of New York, to
nullify one of the humane laws of that State, so
that slavery may be allowed the right, in defiance
of State laws, to roam throughout the Union.
And when Virginia, as she undoubtedly will, not-
withstanding her clamor for State rights, carries
theLemmon case to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, that court will sustain Virginia, and
then all the States will be slave. Even to so out-
rageous a decision, we would not propose armed
or factious resistance. We would obey it; but,at
the same time, we would indulge the hope that
the awakening of the public mind, the arousing
of a righteous indignation, would send some rays
of light down into the subterranean vaults from
whence Dred Scott decisions emanate; that the
conscience and judgment of the court would see
the folly and wickcdness, and reverse its own
decisions.
We will obey the law, right or wrong; but when
we feel and believe it to be wrong, we must be
allowed an effort to make it right.
The records of the world show mat the last
and most insidious attacks made on the rights of
the people have been through the judiciary. How
often has "man looked for judgment and beheld
oppression." The history of England is full of
admonition. "We cannot forget the Star Cham-
ber and the High Commission; with what avidity
English judges were ready to obey the behests of
English monarchs, whether to confiscate property
or to sacrifice life. The Divine right of kings re-
ceived judicial acknowledgment from the judges
of Charles I., and the right of Parliament to tax
the American colonies was protected by thebench.
What faith now arc the followers of the Demo-
cratic party called upon to profess' Said Mr.
Iveuson, a few days since, in the Senate Cham-
ber:
" I wish tlie Democratic party was purer and better than
it is. I am aft aid it is becoming itself, if not corrupt, at
least corruptible
On another occasion:
" But I believe thnt the greater portion of the northern
Democratic party—those who belong to that organization
in the northern States—are to-day as rotten as the Black
Republicans."
Corrupt, rotten—expressive adjectivcs. I make
no such charges; but a dignified, venerable, gray-
headed Democratic Senator thus solemnly ar-
raigns the northern Democracy. At a later day,
to point his former speeches, he adds:
"The largo portion, if not the whole, of the northern De-
mocracy are unsound. I mean on the question of temtorial
rights; their position is quite as fatal to the rights of the
southern States as the Wihnot proviso it-sclf.1'
It is for me to
" Nothing extenuate,
Nor set down aught in malice."
I only desire the Democracy to see to what in-
dignities they must be subjected, if they manifest
any unwillingness to bow down and worship this
black Juggernaut of slavery. Unsound, rotten,
corrupt! To show that slavery propagandism
controls the Democratic party, and is now mold-
ing its destinies, only notice that Mr. Buchanan,
in his late message, says:
" I cordially congiatulate you upon the final settlement,
by the Supreme Court of the United States, of the question
I of slavery in the Territories. The rij?iit has been estab-
lished of any citizen to take his property, of any kind, in-
cluding slaves, into the common Territories belonging
equally to all tlie States of tiic Confederacy, and to have it
protected there under theFodeial Constitution. Neither
Congress nor a Territorial Legislature, nor any human
power, has any authority to annul or impair this vested
right."
Task the Democratic party, where now is your
popular sovereignty ? Where the right of the peo-
ple of the Territories ? What will become of that
portion who were leaders of the radical Barn-
burners? What a record will stare them in the
face ! Frec-Soilers in 1848, popular sovereignty
men in 1856, denyers of both in 1860.
When did you, gentlemen, first incorporate this
dogma in your creed? Did you believe it when
you begged from Congress the privilege to retake
your slaves imtlie Territories ? Did you believe
it in 1854-55-56, when, at the sacrifice of much
money and blood, you were determined to force
slavery into Kansas > If the people in that Terri-
tory had no right to exclude slavery, you would
never have waged so cruel and unnatural a war-
fare. Why did you struggle, if the Constitution
gave you all you could obtain after a hard-fought
victory ? ]No, gentlemen, you never believed it;
not for one moment. It was not until defeat stared
you in the face in Kansas, that you sought to arm
yourself with a last and doubtful resort.
Within a few weeks the Legislature of Ne-
braska, by law, prohibited slavery therein; and
tlie willing tool of this Administration vetoed the
bill. The people of that Territory, now number-
ing some forty or fifty thousand, along whose
rivers villages and cities are springing up as if by
magic, whose prairies are teeming with the fruits
of free and educated industry, are told that they
cannot frame their domestic institutions, even to
keeping back " the bitter water that causeth the
curse."
Only a few days since the Legislature of Kan-
sas enacted a law prohibiting slavery within the
Territory, and another pliant Administration-pro-
slavery Executive vetoes the bill; and that people,
who were assured by the Democratic party on
this floor, a year ago, that they had age and ex-
perience and numbers sufficient to assume the
rights and position of a sovereign State, if they
would only submit to a constitution recognizing
human bondage, are now told that they have no
inherent or delegated power to stop the tread of
the slave hunter. Yet what Democratic leaders,
what Democratic organs, even in the free States,
dare rebuke the insolence and spurn the outrage ?
Possibly you may turn on us and say, why do
wc object, that we were opposed to the Nebraska
bill? You told us, in 1854, that the men of the
North, in 1820, opposed the Missouri line; granted.
Did that give you the right, when you wrenched
all but that from us, to turn and steal that little
also. And when, again,you drive us to the wall,
and take all but tlie uncertain privilege of pop-
ular rights, and tell us we must wage the war-
fare on the soil of tlie Territories; and, while we
protest that you leave us so little, must wc qui-
etly submit that you should finally come and de-
spoil us even of that ?
It is due to truth to say that, in the circle of the
Democratic family, on this subject there is an ir-
repressible conflictnow waging; they differ about
the meaning of the Constitution; quarrel about
the Cincinnati platform, seeming to forget it was
designed to have a northern as well as southern
exposure; and have a furious contest as to what
has been decided by the Dred Scott decision. This
organization will allow no toleration of individual
opinion on this slavery question. You may claim
it, as did Galileo and Wickliffe,at the risk of the
anathemas of a religious despotism. See the po-
litical executions of the last two years. No mat-
ter how humble the man, how unimportant his
situation, if he suffered the leastglimmer of anti-
slavery sentiment he must be excluded from the
pale of the party as a warning to all others that
a like rebellion should merit and receive a like
fate.
1 Pause for a moment, and see the positions Dem-
ocratic leaders must assume jn waging this un-
holy war to extend slavery. Senator Jefferson
Davis said, in Mississippi, in July last:
"Thus, for along period error scattered her seed broad-
cast, while reason in over confidence, stood passive. The
lecent free discussion by the press and on the forum have
dispelled delusions which had obscured ike minds of a gener-
ation, until even among ourselves it was more easy to find I
the apologist than the defenderI
Alexander H. Stephens, the acknowledged
leader of the Democracy on thisiloor during the
last Congress, said in Georgia, in June last:
"Negroslavcryisbutin its infancy; it is a mere problem
of our Government; our fathers did not understand it. I
grant that the public men of the South were oncc against it,
but they did not understand it."
Negro slavery in its infancy ! That fact must
be consoling to those exceedingly pious gentle-
men who are claiming for African slavery a Divine
origin from the curse denounced against Canaan
in the frantic rage of Noah's delirium. In its in-
fancy ! when gentlemen justify it because it has
existed in all ages of the world. The gentleman
from South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] on this floor,
adds his testimony:
"Tlie sentiments u'hich(the great men of the Revolution
entertained upon the question of slavery, are immaterial to
me. The institution had not been discussed; its character
and capacities had not been tested; besides, thty were int-
bued with the influence of the French encyclopedists, and were
affected by the abstractions of tlie Declaration of Independ-
ence.,}
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Smitii]
said:
" The gentleman refers to the sentiments of distinguished
revolutionary men, and asks me if X repudiate them. Sir,
many of those sentiments, of course, I repudiate; many of
thdse sentiments are false in philosophy and unsound in fact.n
As gdfntlcmen daily pass through the rotunda
of this Capitol' do they ever pause to consider the
magnificent painting representing their fathers in
Congress signing this now vilified Declaration of
Independence? Why, sir,since the world began,
save the band of Apostles gathered with Christ
at the last supper, never has there been convened
so grave, deliberate, and determined a body of
men. When you are in the presence ofthelife-liko
representation of your patriot fathers, then there
must come down a withering rebuke from the
silent canvas reproving your ingratitude and in-
fidelity, in stigmatizing the work before them as
abstractions, and the frenzies of French encyclo-
pedists.
Sir, such impiety needs only the rebuke of si-
lence. Where are the Danites who assassinate
men if they are suspected of slandering the history
of the South? Who now are the cold-blooded
slanderers of your history and the memory of
your great men ? Why not seize your canes, and
clutch your knives, and drive such men from
your borders?
Has it come to this—the solemn declaration of
your own fathers you call generalities and ab-
stractions; their well-settled principles of freedom
you stigmatize as delusions; their established
policy and laws you rebuke under the insolent
arrogance that the public men of the South " did
not understand the system of negro slavery;" and
that, in face of the fact that for years they had
been struggling against the despc5xism of royalty
to suppress slavery and the slave trade?
You have a right to change your views and
condemn your fathers. We have a right to pursue
their policy and venerate their memories. For
this,you may reproach and proscribe,and deprive
us of all participation in the administration of this
Government; yet you cannot control us by threats
of danger, or blandishments of power. For us,
"Is not the gleaning of the grapes of Ephraim
betftr than the vintage of Abi-Ezer?"
Do you ever reflect upon the treason of your
insane threats? Said the member from South Car-
olina, [Mr. Keitt:]
" The South will resist to the overthrow of the Govern-
ment the ascendency of the Republican party. Should the
Republican party succeed at the next presidential election,
my advice to the South is to snap the cords of the Union at
once and forever.''
Said the member from Mississippi, [Mr. Da-
vis:]
" The Black Republicans showed their organized rebellion
when they presented Fremont as a sectional candidate for
the Presidency, as a representative of their system of free
labor ih opposition to our system of slave labor. Against
that rebellion wc intend to act; we moan to put it down,
even if we have to ds it with the bayonet. Gentlemen of
the Republican party, I warn you: present your sectional
candidate for 1860, elect him as a representative of your sys-
tem of labor, and we of the South will tear the Constitu-
tion into picces."
Sir, craze your brain, nerve your arm, precipi-
tate this issue upon us, and we are ready. Our
northern fathers were told by an English officer,
"Disperse, ye rebels; throw down your arms,
and disperse." Their answer, if necessary, shall
be our answer.
He continued:
" I, to-day, have more affection for an Englishman than
a Black Republican.'*
Gluite likely. Many of the men in the South,
durinerthe Revolution,experienced the same thrill
of joy in loving a British red-coat, or a Hessian
child-butcher, better than an American patriot or
a colonial rebel.
You also threaten to dissolve the Union in case
another demand is not complied with. The mem-
ber from Georgia [Mr. Crawford] said:
''We have now four million slaves. In some twenty-
five years hence we will have eight million. Wc demand
expansion. We will have expansion, in spite of the Re-
publican party."
The member from Mississippi [Mr Single-
ton] said:
" We have now four million slaves in fifteen States; wo
will, in fifty years from now, hive sixteen million. But I
