1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
§8,000,000 the next year. I could turn to it in
the Globe. My attention has been called to it
recently. His estimates for the next year were
nearly as,wide of the mark as the estimates of the
Secretary on the first. The estimates of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury will be affected by the facts
to which he refers. We not only have the ques-
tion of consumption, which is affected by the gen-
eral condition of the country, but also the ques-
tion of price; and that is a$ectq4 by many other
facts and circumstances over which we have no
control whatever. The seasons, foreign war, po-
litical and financial troubles of all sorts, affect
price; but even under them, the estimate from cus-
tomsof the Secretary this year does not miss the
receipts as much as £2,000,000. His estimate
was ^56,000,000 for this year. I think the Sena-
tor said $65,000,000. The Secretary's estimate
was $56,000,000; and we shall not receive less
than ^54,000^000.
IVfr. SIMMONS. I hope the Senator will not
say that I said what I did not say. I know he
does a unintentionally. I spoke of his first esti-
mate; and in that he estimated for the last year
§65,000,000. I did not say that he estimated the
second year.
Mr. TOOMBS. He estimated three years
ahead.
Mr. SIMMONS. Two years ahead.
Mr. TOOMBS. Eut the estimate for Ia&t year,
on which Congress acted, is exactly as I Stated.
Mr. SIMMONS. Did I dispute it?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; but you made abate-
ment which would mislead the public instead of
enlightening it; and that is the reason why I am
stating the facts.
,Mr. SIMMONS. Do not state anything but
what I said.
Mr. TOOMBS. That was the estimate made
by the Secretary. As to speculations of esti-
mates of receipts live years hence, accuracy is not
to be expected; but we do requne a general ap-
proximation of what the honor of the country
and its interests may demand in an annual esti-
mate. We have it here, and that is the only
thing that can properly be called an estimate. To
estimate the receipts lor the year, and then to ask
for the expenditures of the year, is the duty of the
Secretary. He may give speculative opinions
like the Secretary did, who missed it very largely.
He made a speech last year as to the receipts,
and missed it nearly as far: but upon the esti-
mates on which Congress legislate, he estimated
§56,000,000, and we know that they will be be-
tween fifty-four and fifty-live million dollars. I
say that no public officer, from the foundation of
this Government, lias come nearer his estimates
of the actual receipts of the Government than the
present Secretary of the Treasury has for the last
two years. It was remarkable accuracy. I think
much of it was good luck. I think they were
much more accurate than the Secretary himself
ought reasonably to have expected. As to the
estimates of last year, I have no doubt they
were.
Mr. COLLAMEK. A fortunate coincidence.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; n was a fortunate
coincidence, as my friend says. But the esti-
mates this year to the Legislature come within a
very small fraction of the receipts, notwithstand-
ing all the fluctuations in trade and commerce.
There will be a deficiency for the last quaiter;
but the first three quarters there was an excess, j
which, if maintained, would have carried them i
beyond ^56,000,000. ]
Tiie Senator throws in another element which i
does not concern this question. He speaks of the :
extravagance of this Administration. j
* Mr. SIMMONS. I beg your pardon; I did i
not say anything about the Administiation. i
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; about the extrava- j
gancc of the Administration, and concealing the ;
extravagance of the Administration. Now 1 de- I
sire to say a word about this extravagance of the
Administration. 1 have had to look a good deal,
unfortunately for my time and leisure, into the
finances of this country for the last fourteen years.
It is by far the greatest of all questions m this
Government, as well as of all others. Since this
Administration has come into power it has never
had under its discretion $1,000,000. Congiess
lias made the appropriations, and left generally
but Mnall discretion m the manner of expenditure.
Sir, this is an attempt of gentlemen to put their
own reckless profusion upon another dcp&rtment
of this Government; and I deem it due to truth, and
due to the people, that they should understand it.
It is here in these Halls where the public money is
squandered and the public calamity mocked by
the authors of the mischief, in order that they
may acquire power by putting their own sins
upon other people's backs, and thus enabling
themselves to plunge their hands deeper into the
pockets of the people.
^How is this done, sir? The ordinary tactics
of the gentleman's own party is to swell the ap-
propriations by loading the supply bills with the'
worst amendments offered fr m any quarter, and
then to. vote against the bill. In the bill which I
conducted yesterday, the general policy of the
Republican party has been illustrated. The worst
appropriations upon that bill were put there by
their votes, in cooperation with a minority of this
[ side of the Chamber; but when the vote came on
| the passage of the bill, which embraced some five
j or six million of estimates necessary to carry out
existing laws, they sought to shield themselves
by voting against the bill. That is your policy.
This moment there lies on your table, sir, a pen-
sion bill of 1^7,000,000, passed by a Republican
House during this very session. The Democratic
party have sought to lessen the expenses that fall
on the Post Office Department, which that Sen-
ator now complains of, and to make u support
itself, as it had done for sixty years; and it is
sternly resisted by the minority here, and assternly
resisted by the majority of the other House. Take
away the expenses of that Department alpne—«-tlie
excess of the expenditures of the Post Office De-
partment—and there will be no pretext for a tariff.
Take away, I say, thai single excess; go back to
our former policy, as you pretend you desire to
do; make that Departmentself-sustaining,and you
get rid of from seven to ten million dollars a year,
and then you will have no pretext for robbing in-
dustry under the plea of protecting it. When the
Senate attempted it at the last session, the House
threw the bill back m your faces.
We sought to put down the franking privilege,
costing ^2,000,000, and how was it sustained?
Who maintained those 000.000? Who main-
tained your $7,000,000 of excess upon the Post
Office bill ? From what quarter comes your
^7,000,000 of pensions.-1 Who is it that throws
these two things upon your revenue, amounting
to twelve or fifteen million dollars, so as to make
j it impossible to carry on the Government with
the existing revenues, or any other revenues that :
any honest man ought to submit Co.? It is the j
Republican paity; and then we are to be taunted j
with corrupt Administrations on account of their j
acts. {
Sir, what estimates were presented you by the |
j Government? Simply such as were necessary to .
I carry out existing laws, laws some of which have i
! been on your statute-book for seventy years, and ;
j others passed from that time to the end of the last '
j session. We have the English habit of holding !
; Administrations responsible for public expend 1- ;
; tures, when our institutions aie, in this res pee t, i
i wholly diffeient. In England an administration j
| is responsible for every expenditure, for their ex- I
I travagance. Why' Because the unanimous vote j
i of the Lords and Commons cannot take one dol- j
! lar out of the treasury, unless it is recommended 1
by responsible ministers of the Crown, who, by '
the theory and practice of that Government, are
responsible to the country for every dollar which !
may be voted. To apply that theory here is but 1
to conceal the real culprits. Heie any member :
of either House can move what appropriation he i
pleases, and pass it, if he can get a majority. ;
Here an Opposition may embarrass the Govern- '
mcnt, and, as we witness doily, by cooperating ;
with a fragment, of the majority, iniluenced by a '
selfish local or mistaken policy, and pass the most
profuse and unjustifiable measures, against the
principles, policy, and action of a large majority ;
of the dominant party. Such a policy is impos- 1
sible under the English system, Such men would ;
be duven over permanently to the Opposition, or I
put out of Parliament by a dissolution. They j
could not hold their old friends responsible for the !
mischiefs which they and their temporary allies i
perpetrate. But this is done here every day. |
It is the duty of the Government to recommend :]
every appropriation necessary to carry out the jj
existing laws, or to carry on the Government, il
Has thd President control" over his'salary? < Has
lie control over the salaries of the -heads of ths
Departments? You raised the pay of the Arm^r
a few years ago on an Army bill; you raised the
pay of the Navy at this session. That is yotrf
law. If you should come into power—if'thefcoirii^
try should be cursed with such a calamity— ho*w
will the country get rid of it? You supported^!
Your votes are recorded for it and for nearly all
this permanent increase of expense,-which -can
never be cut off without legislation, and which
all parties and all Administrations must, of neces-
sity, carry out. They have been put there-by
your hands, and by men who get in as Democrats*
and who unite with you to betray its principles
a*d overturn its policy. Therefore, while in Eng-V
land they can justly hold an administration re-
sponsible for expenditure, 1 wish the countrytb
know the truth, thatm this country, from our-very
Constitution, from the fact that ihc lawmaking*
power fixes tins whole question, the Administra-
tion are responsible for nothing but the applica-'
tion of the appropriations according to law, and
for its own recommendations, and not for the
amount of appropriations, which neither the Ad-
ministration nor its supporters can control as long
as this policy is tolerated by the country. There
is no remedy except holding each legislator re-
sponsible for his own vote; which is next to impos-
sible in a Confederacy like ours,, when, as a gen-
eral rule, that member is considered the best who,
in spite of all principle, can get the most public
money given to or expended among his owtl im-
mediate constituents. Our Constitution ia'r&di-
caliy defective and vicious in this respect, and
nothing but a change in it of tome sort can pre-
vent its final overthrow of the system. :
Is it pretended that one dollar has been taken
from the Treasury of the United States except
by law ? No respectable man has asserted it. I
believe you have a sort of roving commission to
gather up whatever you could against the mem-
bers of tiie Administiation,hunting up witnesses
among the dissolute, the corrupt, and the disap-
pointed; and you cannot make a case of the ex-
penditure of a single dollar except where the
money was taken from the Treasury by your
law—not one: and then the cry of the other side is
"a corrupt Administration!" Thce.ountry under-
stands the cry. It is only to aid them in getting
into power to practice the corruptions which they
affect to condemn. Give tlvm power, and if they
will vote in a majority as they do in a minority,
(and they now vote under oath, and 1 suppose
they would not change their votes if their posi-
tion was changed,) every one of these bills would
be swelled far beyond their present dimensions.
There is no remedy but an appeal to the people
against each individual wrong-doer. Appeal to
my constituents for such as 1 vote for; appeal
to your own constituents for such as you vote
for; and then we may get responsibility and re-
form. You will never get reform by putting the
charge on the wrong place; this will aggravate,
not mitigate, the public calamity. Who is re-
sponsible, for instance, for the last year's work?
Who is responsible for the seven million of pen-
sions? Who is responsible for putting on those
Post Office contracts which that Department of the
Government sought to control? Who is respons-
ible for attempting to take out of the hands of the
Executive the control of one great Department?
When the PostmasterGcneral attemptsaretrench-
ment of from one to two million dollars, you de-
mand to put back the servicc over his head on an
appiopiiation bill. That is your retrenchment.
A more profligate and more unjustifiable act of
legislation, in my judgment, I rejoice to say, is
hard to find in our legislative annals. You say
we cannot carry on the Government. No, sir;
you never can carry on the Government with
such people to pass your laws. It is the law-
makers who deplete the Treasury in this coun-
try, and the law-makers alone. It is to the law-
makers the people must apply the remedy, and
the law-makers alone. Gentlemen on the Repub-
lican side who are honestly for reform know that
this, and this alone, is the road to it.
Then, sir, so far as this tariff question is con-
cerned, 1 am ready to argue it when it comes up.
When the tariff of 1857 was passed with such
general unanimity, it was with the declaration
of its friends that it would ordinarily produce
§50,000,000. It was proclaimed by all of us—by
