1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
Mr. WADE. Was the Government applied to,
and did it refuse to interpose ? The point is about
the Government not taking part in it. Was the
President applied to for assistance in this matter,
and did he refuse ?
Mr. PUGH. I do not suppose he refused; I
hope not. I should have condemned him most
unqualifiedly if he had refused.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will allow me a
moment, the facts were these: all those men who
went there under John Brown were killed, with
one exception, who made his escape, except some
six or seven who were with him on the public
property, in what is called the engine house, where
he had fortified himself, and where he and his
people were when the troops of the United States
came there, and they took the public property out
of his possession at the loss of one of their men.
That is the fact.
Mr. PUGH. Well, sir, suppose the emer-
fency were so great that the President could not
ave been called upon, as it wag in the case of
the Texas frontier, and as it was in the case of
many Indian tribes who have revolted in other
States, we have never hesitated to make good to
the State that which she was compelled to pay
out for the sake of defending herself; and I wish
to call the attention of Senators on this side to the
fact that two years ago, when the President of
the United States justified an officer of the Navy
forprotecting the State of Nicaragua against inva-
sion from our midst at the expense of the Treas-
ury, they all lauded not only the act of the Presi-
dent, but the act of the officer; and I ask them
whether the State of Nicaragua is dearer to them
than the State of Virginia ? whether, when she
tells us that she has been outraged by expeditions
and conspiracies originating in other States of the
Union, instead of listening to her complaint, we
are to engage in a controversy about Kansas, and
a question of whether slavery is a good or a bad
institution ? As to how far it may be a question
of political or partisan importance, I shall speak
to that question at the proper time and place; I
shall not speak to it now.
For the reasons which I have stated, I shall vote
against this amendment, and I shall vote against
every amendment which is calculated to embarrass
the original resolution, to add to it any other in-
quiry to break the force of the question and the
complaint which is submitted to us by the Sen-
ators from Virginia. When the committee shall
have brought before us, in a definite form, such
facts and circumstances as they deem material for
us to know, and have made their recommendation,
if any recommendation they shall make, of fur-
ther legislation, I shall be prepared to act on that
subject with an earnest determination, so far as I
am concerned, to protect every State of thisUnion,
slaveholding and non-slaveholdmg, against all at-
tempts of other States, or of individuals in other
States, to interfere with their rights and sover-
eignty.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. When I proposed that
the Senate should refer both these subjects of in-
quiry, I did not understand that the latter had
heretofore been made a subject of investigation
and report in the other House. As I learn that
that is the case, I do not see the necessity of our
reinvestigating it. Certainly, I should not be will-
ing that wo should go to the unnecessary expense
of reinvestigating what has been satisfactorily
investigatedbefore.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 'Allow me to say to the
Senatorfrom Kentucky, that this matter has never
been referred to a committee for investigation.
The facts in regard to the seizure of the arsenal
at Liberty, in Missouri, were not a subject-matter
referred to the committee that went to Kansas.
It only came up as incidental to the facts brought
out in the discharge of their duties.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. But it was reported on
by the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; any action which
ought to be taken in regard to that matter was
not reported upon by the committee at all. -The
committee alluded to the fact that the troops who
besieged Lawrence were armed with weapons
which wore taken from the arsenal at Liberty, as
appeared in the testimony of a witness who was
examined by them. It is only incidentally that
the matter appears at all in the Kansas report.
I wish to say one other word while I am up.
Captain Leonard states that lie made an dfneial
report of this matter to Colonel Craig, who has
charge of the ordnance department. I have never
been able to see that official report, although we
have called for all the documents relating to the
affairs of Kansas. If that report has ever been
communicated to the Senate, I nave not been able
to see it.
Mr. PUGH. Offer a resolution asking for that
document, and I shall vote for it with pleasure.
Mr. MASON. When the Senator from Illinois
offered the amendment, I told him, in good faith,
that as an independent proposition, if he would lay
aproper foundation for the inquiry, I would sustain
him in calling fora committee; but I had no idea that
it had been already made the subject of elaborate
inquiry by a committee of the other House, before
whom it legitimately and properly came in the
subject-matter of inquiry committed to that com-
mittee by the House. If I had ever heard of this
seizure of some of the public arms at Liberty, I
had forgotten it; and 1 really supposed it was
something that had escaped attention at the time,
and which the honorable Senator thought was
worthy of attention now, after four or five years
had elapsed; and when he read what I understood
—but it seems misunderstood—him to say was
the official report of Captain Leonard, I said to
him: " you have all the facts; what more do you
want than the facts given by the officer who best
knew them?" He replied, then, the document
from which he read was not the official report of
the officer, but apart of the proceedings of a com-
mittee of the other Housa, who were charged to
make the very inquiry that they did make. I
have before me the resolution of the House under
which that committee was raised; and the Senate
will see that they not only investigated this mat-
ter on the spot, or in Kansas, adjacent to it, but
that it was legitimately before them from the terms
of the resolution. In March, 1856, the House of
Representatives appointed a committee to invest-
igate alleged election frauds in Kansas, and other
things; and the resolution contained this clause:
" And that they fully investigate and take proof of all
violent and tumultuous proceedings in said Territory at
any time since the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska act,
whether engaged in by residents of said Territory or by any
person or persons, from elsewhere going into said Territory
and doing, or encouraging athers to do, any act of violence
or public disturbance against the laws of the United States,
or the lights, peace, and safety ot tiie residents of the said
Territory."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator per-
ceive that that is confined to acts in the Territory?
Mr. MASON. Certainly not, sir. They were
to inquire "and take proof of all violent and
tumultuous proceedings in said Territory,"
"whether engaged in by residents of said Ter-
ritory or by any person or persons from else-
where." Now, does the Senator mean to give it
such a literal construction as to say that when
the committee were there, and learned that arms
belonging to the United States had been taken,
upon the border of Kansas, from an arsenal of the
United States, and carried to and used in Kansas,
they were to put such a strict interpretation on
their power that they were not to inquire into the
fact whether the arms of the United States had
been taken, and how they had been taken ? Does
the Senator mean to say that this was net legiti-
mately within the scope of that inquiry ? If he
does, the committee repudiate him, for they did
inquire into it. They sought the best source of
information; they brought before them the offi-
cer in command of the arsenal in the State of
Missouri, and learned trom him all the facts and
made a report upon them. I have not read that
report. I do not know whether they took any
further preof as to the taking of these arms than
from the officer; but I should take it for granted
that if there was any other proof proper to be
had, or that would have been germane or useful,
the committee discharged their duty.
Then, what is the fact? The Senator says this
irruption was in December, 1855. Now, four
years afterwards and after it has been reported
upon by a committee of the House in an elabor-
ate inquiry made by them on the spot, the Sena-
tor brings it up here and asks us to connect it
with a subject totally different, having a different
aspect, a different bearing, from which different
consequences are to result to the country. When
that matter was new and recent, and when, if at
all, good was to be obtained from furthennquiry,
the Senator sat silent in his seat and asked for no
inquiry. When the facts were brought before him
by the means of a committee of the other House,
the Senator remained silent in his seat and asked
for no action upon the matter—I mean upon the
separate matter of this alleged irruption upon the
public arms. I submit, then, to honorable Sen-
ators, to their candor, to their fairness, to their
propriety as statesmen, whether it will be toler-
ated that a subject thus stale and acted upon,
elaborately acted upon, shall be brought up to
embarrass the present procedure. I trust that the
amendment will not be made, that the attempt
will not be countenanced to get up a committee
now with a view of any kind to embarrass action,
or to embarrass the obtaining of information for
the American people as to the recent outrage. I
take back what I said under a misapprehension,
in favor of giving a committee for the inquiry pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois. I had no
knowledge that it had been the subject of inquiry
by a former committee, on the spot where they
could obtain the best information. I trust the
amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. President, it was the pleasure of the hon-
orable Senatorfrom Massachusetts,who occupied
the floor a short time since, to arraign the conduct
of the Governor of Virginia in his action. Itwas
the pleasure of the honorable Senator to impute
to him, acting within the limits of Virginia, as the
chief magistrate of Virginia, a sinister and un-
worthy purpose in what he did. It was the
pleasure of the Senator to say that the Governor
had in view, not the discharge of his public trust
to the people who placed him there; but that he
had in view some selfish purpose of making po-
litical capital in what he did. Mr. President, the
people of Virginia are the only political commu-
nity to whom the Governor ofVirginia is respons-
ible. I have not heard one word of doubt ex-
pressed in the State of Virginia by anybody, of
any political party, as to 'the propriety, expedi-
ency, and wisdom of the conduct of the Governor
of Virginia in taking care that the laws of Vir-
ginia should be respected and should be enforced.
Sir, the very opposite was the fact. If the Gov-
ernor of Virginia, when such an outrage was
practiced upon the sovereignty and the soil of
that State as was attempted by these vagabond
instruments of people elsewhere, had run the re-
motest risk that they should not have expiated
their crime under the laws ofVirginia, he would
have met and would have deserved the execration
of the people of Virginia. Sir, it was an occasion
when no risk should be run; there should exist
no possibility that in any mode that wretched
vagabond, Brown, should escape the just doom
that he deserved. It was for that reason that he
brought there, properly, the large military force
present in the county where the outrage was
committed and where the execution took place.
It was to put all possibility of rescue at defiance.
I can tell the honorable Senator there is no dis-
puting about taste; there is no correcting taste;
and if the honorable Senator thinks that even his
constituents will justify him in gratuitously and
without foundation arraigning the Governor of
a State who is discharging his duty within the
limits of his State, taking upon himself, as the
representative of another State, to ascribe to him
a sinister purpose in discharging a duty at home,
I trust that he misconceives the spirit of his own
people when he stands as their exponent thus.
Now, sir, one word more as to what fell from
the Senatorfrom New Hampshire, [Mr. Clark.]
That honorable Senator, in order to produce, or
I should more properly say, with the respact I
certainly bear to him, in order to convey the im-
pressions upon his mind as to the character of the
recent outrage in Virginia, said that Brown had
bean engaged for two years in collecting his men,
and was unable to collect but twenty-two, and
thence the honorable Senator infers that he met
with no countenance or encouragement, except of
the most stinted character, in collecting his mate-
rials for the war that he proposed to wage. Mr.
President, the misinformation of the honorable
Senator, the absence of a correct view of this
transaction, shows the still greater importance of
a searching inquiry by the proposed committee
to get at the actual facts. Now, I will tell that
honorable Senator that when those facts are as-
certained, I think he will find, and the country
will find, that lie wanted no more than twenty or
twenty-two men; that he never proposed to him-
