1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sider us safe to go on committees ataH, except in
the proportion of two to five, and every one of
those propositions for an increase of these large
amounts come from committees, and can come m
no other way.
Mr. TOOMBS. Many of these propositions I
(stated had come from the other House, and we
would not allow them upon the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps some of them
may have come from the other House; but even
there we arc not a majority, and were not in the
last Congress.
Mr. TOOMBS. If the Senator wants the facts,
f stated particularly that they had refused to raise
the postage and refused to take off the franking
privilege, and therefore this body could not alter
the legislation so as to bring the Post Office De-
partment within its revenues.
Mr. FESSENDEN'. In other words, Mr. Pres-
ident, there are some party purposes, party ob-
jects, that Senators on the other side want carried
out: and there is a statement that they can save a
certain amount of money, and because there is
power enough in the House to prevent those,
therefore we are responsible for all the appropri-
ations that they do make ! That is a queer kind
of logic. As to this question of raising the post-
age, the Senator well knows that there arc a vast
number of considerations that enter into thatques-
tion. That is a system established now. Itisa
question to the country whether the people shall
pav iow postage or high; and whether, in point
of fact, as I look at it, one particular section of
-this country shall pay for the whole mail service
of all the sections. That is the great question
which is involved in this subject of raising the
postage: whether the free States, which pay, and
more than pay theirown expenses, for ihebenefit
of others, shall have the postage doubled and treb-
led on them to pay postage for certain parts of the
country that do not pay ?
Mr. TOOMBS. As to what the Senator is now
stating, t have called the attention of the Senate
to it before. I showed last year, from the official
returns, that thej'c was not a State in the Union
that paid it own postal expenses.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 know there are defi-
ciencies; but I mean they come very much nearer
to it.
Mr. TOOMBS. There is not one State that
pays, when you include all the postage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Massachusetts does.
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; including the foreign
postage, she does not. I showed at the last ses-
sion, in reply to Mr. Bigler, the fact from the
official records, from the Post Office, that there
was not one State in this Union that paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator showed it
to his satisfaction.
Mr. TOOMBS. From the official records.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Precisely.
Mr. BIGLER. 1 desire to say the Senator from
Georgia showed that to his satisfaction; but I wish
to protest here that he never showed it to my sat-
isfaction. Whenever it is necessary, I think I
can convince him that he is wrong. There is no
use in figures, unless that can be made to appear.
Mr. TOOMBS. No.
Mr BIGLER. I treat every suggestion the
Senator makes with respect. I have no doubt of
his sincerity; but what I say, I say as a Senator,
and I expect to be treated as a Senator. I am
willing at any time to renew that discussion upon
the facts and upon the figures which we had be-
fore the Senate at the last session. If I am mis-
taken, I will yield. I cannot allow the impression
to go out, however, that the Senator made out his
case to my satisfaction, for I am sure that he was
irt palpable error.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I had no design whatever
of going into a discussion of that question. I
merely made this answer to what the Senator said
with reference to that matter; hut I do not wish
to be taken as designing to be exactly accurate.
1 state things in general. What I mean is simply
this: that with a very small sum, comparatively,
of the post Office deficiency, the free States pay.
They are behind hand to a certain amount, but
nothing in comparison to other States of this
Union, so far as the deficiency is concerned. I
regard the proposition to raise postage as a prop-
osition to make certain States pay for the postal
service of other States.
Mr. WIGFALL. Mr. President  *
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to be in
terrupted.
Mr. WIGFALL. I only desire to ask a ques-S
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. WIGFALL, Is California a free State?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir; California is a
free State. I am not going into the details; I am
stating the general proposition. I do not pretend
to take the figures about this matter. The gen-
eral proposition I have stated will be found to be
true. It may not be true of all the States; but I
am taking the mass. I merely made the state-
ment to show the Senator that that question de-
pends entirely on other considerations. Because
we will not take his particular mode, which we
deem to be unjust to us, of settling this question
of the revenue, we are not to 1^?taunted, I take
it, with profligacy in the expenditure of money.
That is a stiong term; but I take no exception to
it, inasmuch as the Senator applies it as well to
his own side of the House as to us. I only con-
sider it as a pretty strong mode of expressing the
idea that we expend too much money.
Well,sir, vrith regard to thefranking privilege,I
voted to abolish the franking privilege; and it is
the only vote, except one, that I have ever given
in this body—and I take this occasion to say it—
that I feel ashamed of. I feel ashamed of it for
the grounds and motives which induccd me to
vote for it. It was because everybody else did
so pretty much, and I supposed it would be a very
good thing, so far as I was concerned, to have it
abolished. I should be glad to strike it out. I
should'be glad to be saved the infinite trouble that
it occasions'me; but I say here now that I Relieve
the people would not justify us in abolishing the
franking privilege; it is a vast deal more conse-
quence to them than it is to us in every point of i
view. I-believe, moreover, that the stateme-nt of
the Postmaster General, in reference to the money
to be saved by it, is just as absurd, and can be
demonstrated to be as absurd, as any other prop-
osition made by a public officer. I do not believe
it would save any appreciable sum, if abolished,
anywhere, in any shape or form.
So much for these questions. But let us come
back. The Senator says that we are responsible
for all those things.
Mr. TOOMBS. Only for your votes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ' Only for our votes! I
am perfectly willing to be responsible for all the
votes I give. They go before the country, and
will be understood. Sir, the position which the
Republican party has taken and is ready to stand
by is this: they will vote liberally—I will vote lib-
erally—for all necessary appropriations to carry
on this Government properly and well. We are
able to do it; it is our duty to doit. If money is
needed to finish this Capitol, I will vote for it. If
it is proper to extend the Capitol grounds—as I
believe it to be—I will vote for it, if it is to cost
$2,000,000. I do not deem'it profligacy. If it is
proper to extend the Treasury Department, I will
vote for that, and for any reasonable sum to ac-
complish it; and my friends will do the same, 1
trust, as a general rule, according to their views.
Voting for necessary appropriations is not profli-
gacy.
But, sir, we believe that the expenditures of
this Government might be very much diminished
in other quarters—m the Army, the Navy, in the
administration of the Departments generally, in
diminishing the number of civil officeis,in cutting
down salaries, in many cases. The Senator will
reply to me, " Weie you not in favor of raising
the pay of the Navy Of a certain class of naval
officers I was. But did the Republicans carry
that? They were the only men upon this floor
who voted against it, in any shape or form. It
seemed to be a general assumption that the pay
of some classes of the Navy should be raised. I
believed it to be proper. But the bill that was
last passed was passed under the pressure of the
Committee on Naval Affairs in the Senate, right
or wrong, by their urgency, and by their strenu-
ous appeals to each other to support the report of
the Committee on Naval Affairs in reference to
their views; and now, when the bill has passed,
and it is found out how bad it is and how much
money it takes, it seems the responsibility with
reference, to itis tobc thrown upon the Republicans!
Sir, who voted to increase the Army ? Who voted
for the Texas regiment bill ? That is an increase
of your Army. Who voted for all those meas-j
ures ? Not the Republicans. The;re was a party
vote on that question; and (hat adtls almost two
million. Did not the Senator vote for it ? Was
it profligacy? '
Mr. TOOMBS. I voted for the public defense's
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did it nof iherease the
Army? But does the Senator say, in voting Upon
matters of that description, we had riot as gocrS
motives as he has? The question arises, what is
necessary ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I judge upon acts,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well -, then come to
acts. The Democratic party in this body ap-
proved of these tilings. They ha-ve nearly two
thirds. They have all the committees. They
initiate all the measures. Nothing can be brought
forward without their assent and under their di-
rection. We cannot originate a measure on this
side of the House for the appropriation Of money-
tint, one. We have not the power to do it, apd
the Senator knows it perfectly well. The House
cut down appropriations in every direction. Wh<J
raised them? They have been raised here in the
Senate, where you ffave got a majority and all the
committees, as 1 said before.
Now, sir, what I rose to say was simply what
I have said. 1 do not propose to carry the mat-
ter any further. It is not because we vote neces-
sary appropriations that we are to be taunted with
increasing the expenditures when Senators on .the
other 3ide vote for them,andforagreatdeal more.
It is not we who are to be held responsible for the
great increase of expenditures of tjjis Government
when we have just come into existence as a party,
and the Government has been in your power for
the last eight years, in which time you have .
swelled the expenditures of this Government from
something short of fifty million dollars up to
§80,000,000 in one direction and another, with
no power here or elsewhere in any party but your
own to make a retrenchment in any one direc-
tion. Why have we not heard from the Admin-
istration on the subject of retrenching expendi-
tures in some quarter. Some slight effort has
been made; but itis but a drop in the ocean; there
has been no system. Where do your large de-
ficiency bills come from ? Are they not from the
executive Administration ? How happens it that
debts are incurred within a year which we are
called upon to pay? 1 do not say they are all
wrong; but is it not from the executive Adminis-
tration? Whence originated the ten million de-
ficiency bill that we passed two years ago, when
this Administration came into power? Was it
not from the Utah expedition ? Who resisted it
on this floor? There were ten million added to
the expenditures of the Government. The Re-
publicans alone, "what there were of them; but
they were powerless.
You may trace it through, and there has been
one consistent and persistent effort to reduce the
expenditures of this Government on this side of
the Chamber. My friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] tried to do it once, with reference
to the collection of the revenue; but he failed.
And yet the Senator from Georgia makes these
sweeping charges; and because, on this side of the
Chamber you find votes for payingdebts already
incurred for the erection of the Treasury building,
for the erection of this Capitol in which we stand,
and other debts incurred in consequence of law,
we arc to be held responsible for all the waste and
all the expenditure of money under this Admin-
istration. Sir, when we see an effort made on the
part of the Democracy in this Chamber to prevent
these large appropriations, and when the Democ-
racy of this Chamber cease to bring in deficiency
bills for matters not appropriated for, where the
money has been spent in advance, and we resist
those efforts, it will be time enough then, m my
judgment, for the honorable Senator from Geor-
gia"to charge upon us ail the expenditures that
have been made for the last eight years in this
Government, and the great increase of the public
debt consequent upon it, and not before.
Mr. SIMMONS. The Senator from Georgia
has included a very wide range, and charged upon
me that I made party assaults. The Senator also
says that I made a mistake in the estimate of re-
ceipts of last year wider than the Secretary. I
recollect what I said upon that subject. It was
on a debate with him upon this very question.
He said thin tariff would yield- some sixteen or
