1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1033
The glory of the men of the Revolution, from
whatever section, belongs not to the North or the
South. It is a union of glory which can never be
dissolved. It belongs to the world, wherever lib-
erty is worshiped, and Freedom receives the in-
cense of her struggling millions. Sir, no enmity,
however malignant, can blacken their memory.
They are as far above your reach as the bold and
heaven-defying eagle is above the earth-crawling
and hissing serpent. You boast, and you have
a right to boast, that you gave us a Washington;
and, like Moses of old, he had our armies to the
promised land; but his Joshuas and Aarons he
gathered from the North. Because you gave us a
Washington, and his bones rest on southern soil,
we mean to preserve the Union forever Mount
Vernon and Montioello shall long be the Mecca
and Medina of the northern pilgrim.
Washington was clothcd with absolute power
over the Army. When he thought you wanted
a general, he sent you Lincoln, then Gates. At
Camden you had a sufficiency of troops. Your
army numbered four thousand, and the enemy
two thousand; yet you were overborne. I would
scorn to charge it to a lack of courage. Then he
sent the old Quaker of Rhode Island, General
Greene, and he saved the men of Carolina.
After the attack on Charleston, in 1776, you
were free from a foreign foe until 1779. Then tlio
enemy removed a part of his forces to the South,
bccause he expected sympathy and succor from
the Carolinas and Georgia, on accountofthe great
number of tories in those States; and he did re-
ceive it. At the battle of King's Mountain, in the
enemy's rank of fifteen hundred, probably thir-
teen hundred were Carolina and Georgia tories;
hence the opening of a new seat of war in the
South. I speak not to your injury. No country
ever produced truer, braver patriots, than the Car-
olinas and Georgia. They had a stern conflict.
They had to fight the English on the coast, and
their tory countrymen at the hearthstone.
The greatest cruelty and spoliation you suffered
was at the hands of your native tories, and from
threats of rebellion and violence. I conclude their
descendants are numerous on that soil. With their
blood seem to have descended their principles.
But your brave men and women of the Revolu-
tion we can never forget. You may proscribe,
imprison, and (subject to stripes, our countrymen;
distract and divide this great Confederacy; divorce
yourselves from us with all the bitter, burning
passions of brotherly hate; yet the memory of
your dashing Marion, and impetuous Sumpter,
the heroism of your women at Charleston, will
be cherished as long as freedom has a shrine in the
hearts of the American people.
Would Washington, the son of Virginia, sec
his mother in jeopardy, and not rush to her relief?
In 1781, when Cornwalhs appeared in Virginia,
although Clinton had a large fleet in the bay, and
a large army in the city of New York, with brave
impetuosity he marched his northern army, coin-
posed of men of all sections of the Union, and,
with their tents, they "encamped on southern
soil;" and the evening of the 18th day of October,
1781, drew its mantle over the mangled and life-
less northern soldier on the field of Yorktown.
Virginia's visit "had been returned," and the evi-
dences were the bones left whitening on your
sunny plains. Will gentlemen talk of northern
courage ? Where were fought the battles of 1812,
1813, and 1814? Whence came the seamen that
humbled the proud navy of England, and gave us
distinction on the seas? It is true, you had your
splendid victory at New Orleans; but that did not
conquer a peace, for the treaty was signed before
that battle was fought. Still, that did fiot detract
from the glory of Jackson, or the valor of his
troops. In all our wars, the North and the South
eonjointly achieved the victory, and are equally
entitled to the glory.
Sir, in reading of the men of the Revolution, I
have not been wont to limit their patriotism by
State lines, or estimate their valor by the country
where born. Whether the rough blasts of the
Noi ih hardened their frames, or a southern sun
quickened their blood, to me, whether from the
North or South, like the men whom Zebah slew
at Tabor, " each one resembled the children of a
king."
^Notwithstanding he now claims for the South
all the glory of the past, the same distinguished
gentleman, in his own State, in 1856, lamenting
that South Carolina had no history, said:
"Where is your history? It is yet in tradition. The
struggle is coming, the future is gloomy and towering, and
I cannot tell what it will bring forth. Now is the time.
Every memorable people, at all times, have had a history
written on their monuments, on their pyramids, or in books.
South Carolina lias none. A few years ago your greatest
mail died. The nation mourned, and Clay and Webster
strewed flowers upon his tomb. Finally, he eameinaship
clothed in crape; the State mourned, but no monument
rises to mark his fame."
Such was the mournful condition of South Car-
olina, as faithfully portrayed by one of her most
eloquent and earnest defenders. Why had South
Carolina no history? Why had Calhoun no mon-
ument? You will find a ready answer in the acts
and declarations of your fathers. Now, such as
South Carolina is, do you wish to make the States
hereafter to be added to the Union ? Do you wish
to entail upon them an inheritance, which, in af-
ter years, will compel from one of her sons so
mournful a eulogium ?
Gentlemen on tliis floor here have been dolor-
ous in their lamentations as to the heavy burdens
they have suffered since the adoption of the Con-
stitution, and that they have now become insup-
portable; and they have nottfie philosophy to say
they can—
" Rather bear those ills they have,
Than fly to others that they know not of."
As we have had Democratic Administrations
most of the time of their oppression, now, in order
to relieve the miseries, real or imaginary, 1 know
of no other remedy but a change of rulers; and fer
their salces we must make a vigorous effort to re-
store the Republic td* the principles of Madison
and Jefferson, so that their troubled spirits may
find rest.
You know a certain remnant of northern De-
mocracy is a faithful ally. It has bent and bowed
at your command. No doubt the old Free-Soil
leaders believe as they did in 1848; but you must
now allow them to assume any disguise, adhere
to any standard, if they can only be camp-fol-
lowers of a victorious legion. But you are de-
termined,if they rater the Charleston convention,
it must not be erect and with banners flying; but
as the serpent when he entered the garden. You
mean that the only entrance shall be through a
" hole in the wall;" but when they enter, they
will find " greater abominations " than appeared
in Ezekiel's vision. They will find "that the
bed is shorter than that a man can stretch himself
on it, and the covcrin:* narrower than that he can
wrap himself in it." Treat theni kindly, for they
speak " half in the speech of Ashdod," and will
have to Us •. for they " cannot frama to pro-
nounce" your shibboleth.
You taunt us with cowardice; that we have not
the courage to do as Brown did. May it long be
our boast, as it is now our pride, that we have
not the courage to do wrong.
" I dare do all that may become n man;
Who dares do more, is none."
Why this boast of courage ? Are you not aware
that bravery is an instinct of the man and brute
creation ? You see it in the gentle wren and the
bold eagle, ill the tiniest insect and the king of
the forest, in all nations, in every age of the world,
in all chmatcs, and under all forms of socicty.
You never heard of a nation lacking bravery. It
is not the result of education or religion; but the
nearer you reach the barbarian and uncivilized,
th9 stronger the instinct, the more stubborn the
bravery, the greater indifference to torture and
. death. See the Goths and Vandals, as they poured
i out of the cold and gloomy recesses of the North
I and overran the polished Roman empire. See
| the Russian heart stand unyielding before the
. I science-directed missiles of the Allies. See the
!l North American savage, with soul unsubdued,
ready to brave all dangers in battle. Your knowl-
edge of history will teach you that the most un-
conquerable bravery comes from the cold climates
and rough regions of northern countries. Again
I ask, why do gentlemen thus talk? Mark the
first and second wars with England. Go home,
and ask the remnant of the gallant Palmetto regi-
ment, who received the shock of battle on the
plains of Mexico, where stood the New York
volunteers, who, with them side by side, were in
the thickest of the fight, at Churubusco, Cerro
Gordo, and Chepultepec? and, when your gallant
Butler fell at the head of the regiments of njy
State and yo.urs, northern warriors joined yours
to carry him from the field, and regret that one
so brave had fallen. Ask your own regiment
what they think of northern bravery r
In the history of the country you provoked and
incited a controversy in whicn you met northern
bravery face to face on the plains of Kansas, and
you quailed before it and fled. Ask your border-
ruffian banditti what they think of northern cuur-
age ? After the fight at Ossawatomie, - where
Brown received his cognomen, your men cowered
at the very thought of meeting the stern freemen
of the North, sustained by right, in battle array,
and they made a precipitate flight, not waiting for
the morning dawn, in spite of just such vaunts
and boasts as you daily make on the floor of this
House. Talk no more of northern courage. You
have felt their steel and seen their metal. They
went not to meet in bloody strife, but to carve
them out homes and fortunes amid those bound-
less prairies; but you met them as enemies, hedged
up your highways, prevented their passage over
your rivers by cannon, and compelled them to toil
with arms in the furrow; " for the builders, every
one, bad his sword girded by his side, and so
builded, and half of them held the spears from the
rising of the morning till the stars appeared."
Sir, these men went as men of peace:
" They crossed the prairies, as of old
Our fathers -crossed the sea,
To make the West as they the East,
The homestead of the frre.:'
But, sir, while bravery is an instinct, true cour-
age is the result of an educated head and disci-
plined breast; not to delight in the exhibition of
physical ferocity, for mere gratification or per-
sonal resentment, but courageous from principle,
to resist aggression and defend th® right, at all
hazard and every sacrifice.
Gentlemen here rebuked the great State which,
in part, I represent. Sir, she needs no defense
at my hands. Unlike South Carolina, she has a
history written in books; also in the blood of her
fathers, a d the battle-fields of the Revolution and
the second war; upon her monuments and her
aqueducts; in all her industrial, commercial, me-
chanical, manufacturing, benevolent, and educa-
tional enterprises. It is written upon her mount-
ain sides; by the banks ofher rivers, and uponher
flowing streams; in her thousands of miles of tele-
graph, railroad, and canal navigation; in her com-
merce, that whitens every sea, and floats the stars
and stripes in every port of the wide, wide world.
When did slje ever hesitate to respond to the de-
mands of her country, whether the call was for
treasure or blood ? The craven, traitorous notes
of disunion are never heard in her borders, from
the Canada frontier to the valley of the Susque-
hanna, from the inland seas to the crested waves
of the Atlantic.
Let me speak of my own people—the district I
more immediately represent. In the days of the
Revolution, her soil was pressed with the foot of
the invader, and her women and children felt the
knife and tomahawk and merciless barbarities of
savage warfare. Through the valley of theMam-
akating and by the mountains of Minisinlc
-■ The mammoth came, the foe, the monster Brandt,
With all his howling, desolating band."'
On the evergreen mountains and by the crystal
streams of Sullivan, and in the valleys of Orange,
rest the bones of those who nobly fought and fell.
The graves of those brave men have never been
violated by the steps of the disunionist, or their
long repose disturbed by the sound of rebellion.
In that district still stan3s the old mansion occu-
pied by Washington; in it the same chair in which
he sat, and the same table on which he wrote his
celebrated answer to the mutinous letter of Arm-
strong, and presented to the world the spectacle
of an army " victorious over its enemies, victori-
ous over itself." On the same spot, too, he dis-
banded his grand army.
You reproach us because we will not do the me-
nial service of hunting down your runaway slaves.
There is not a man on this floor of your own num-
ber who would thus demean his manhood or dis-
grace his nobility. In my district there may be
two or three men who believe with you that sla-
very is a Divine institution, and ought to be ex-
tencled. There are none who wouki resist, the
execution of your fugitive slave law; but I am
