1034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
frank and proud to tell you, I do not believe there
is one who would place his hand upon the heaving
breast of the fleeing fugitive who is panting for
1 liberty as the hart panteth for the water-brooks,
although there be symbols of ownership, in the
brand of the magter on his cheek, the rust of the
iron on his limbs, and the scars of tKe lash on his
back. No, sir; I rejoice that there is not one who,
if he gave him a cup of cold water, would not feel
that he could claim the blessing, " Inasmuch as
ye have done it unto one of the least of these my
brethren, ye have done it unto me." Not one
who, if asked for bread, would give him a stone;
if asked for a fish, would give him a serpent.
Because we do this, you say we are no longer
Democrats. The people of the North can read
and think; they are in a land of churches and free
schools. When Pierce, in less than two years
after his election, betrayed the Democracy into
the hands of the stave-trader, the people of his
native New Hampshire—then and now as firm in
Democracy as hor granite hills are by the sound-
ing sea-—diescrtcd the organization and rebuked
his power. In less than two years after Buchanan
is elected, and, outdoing Pierce, is willing to sell
for less than thirty pieces ofsilver the constitutional
rights of a free people into .the hands of a despotic
oligarchy, the people ofhis native Pennsylvania—
now and then true to the principles bequeathed by
Jefferson and Madison—seize the hand of the as-
sassin of the rights of the people. And the De-
mocracy of the rferth are firmly planted upon the
ancient faith, that freedom is more desirable than
servitude. The remote East, from New Hamp-
shire, stretches .forth her arms, and receives a
welcome from the far West, even from the young
sister which is nestled amid the head waters of the
Mississippi, and greet each other over the Key-
stone of the Union—"a land whose stones are
iron, and out of whose hills thou mayest dig
brass."
The honorable member from South Carolina,
[Mr. Ashmore,] m his speech oil Thursday last,
in an eloquent and glowing description of the
South, presented to our imaginations ffli array of
greater proportions than the grand army Napo-
leon led to Moscow. They will probably take
counsel of prudence and remain at home; they
might find a Russian winter in their path. Does
the gentleman, candid and frank as I know him
to be, forget that portion of history which assures
him that many good men in the South dreaded
rebellion against England in consequence of the
insecurity that would follow to-slave property?
that this system of bondage prevented his people
from bestowing the full measure of their abilities
to the cause of Independence? that two of the seri-
ous defeats you suffered in the South were ill con-
sequence of your chattels .suflSenly converting
themselves into sentient beings, and leading the
enemy upon your armies? Arc not the obstacles
which your fathers encountered increasing every
year, not only from the addition of numbers, but
the intelligence which you say you arc implant-
ing ill their minds ? Will the slaves quietly stay
at home and work, while the kind-hearted pa-
triarchs are engaged in the easy task of chas-
tising the " heathen round about ?" Look at the
rigors of your fugitive slave law—the cruelties of
your statutes—the jails in your own cities filled
with slaves when you are abouttransporting them
from place to place—the mother driving tlxe cold
steel to the heart of her offspring rather than their
limbs should be chafed with the chains of endless
bondage—see within the very shadow of this Cap-
itol, while the Representatives of a great and free
people are deliberating, innocent, guiltless hu-
man beings driven, chained in gangs, guarded by
arniod men, and then answer the question. Or
will you do as did good old Abraham—whose
patriarchal system you so much venerate—when
no heard Lot was taken captive, "armed his trained
servants born in his own house, three hundred
and eighteen, and pursued them unto Dan." Try
it; marshal your black regiments—your trained
servants: you must be satisfied it is a Divine ar-
rangement. You claim the attachment of your
slaves: they certainly ought to love as did the
trained servants of Abraham. You boast to have
taken them into the covenant and circumcised
them in the new faith.
I will not contemplate tho collision of arms and
Datiquet of blood to which you invite us, for I be- I
lieve it to be the aim of civilization and mission
of Christianity to teach
"That right is more than might,
And justice more than mail."
Sir, I desire not, I will not, suffer myself to in-
stitute a comparison between the North and the
South, but when gentlemen talk of armies of five
hundred thousand to control opinion in the North,
it must be they are talking to amuse our fancy;
they certainly are not weak enough to suppose
they can excite our fears. If a book of two hun-
dred pages convulses your empire, and is so deadly
a spark in your dangerous magazine; if John
Brown and twenty followers could frighten your
brave men, and make your women nervous, as
one of your Virginia lawyers said, in the lftte
State trials in that State, do not deceive yourselves
by any delusion that you can annihilate eighteen
million freemen.
Gentlemen tell us, in certain contingencies they
will dissolve the Union. However much you de-
sire it, whatevcrof power and influence the "Gulf
squadron" may bring to bear "upon that issue,
neither you nor your children's children will wit-
ness that gloomy event. " There is no terror,
Cass1us,in your threats." When you undertake
such treason, there will be a Palmetto regiment to
stand by New York, to save the ark of the cove-
nant. We cannot surrender our principles at your
dictation. We prefer an anarchy of opinion to
an order like the order of Warsaw, founded on
despotism. "Peace, and at such a time !" No,
sirs, you will long have to march to the music of
the Union; that mtisic which is everywhere up-
rising, from the fields whert labor is repaid, and
tho workshops where industry's rewarded; from
the machinery which, through the instrumentality
of steam, is doing the bidding of man; from the
gigantic steamers that plow our rivers and lakes;
from the buzz of the electric telegraph; and the
scream of the iron horse. We are bound together
by a common language, a common religion, and
a common destiny. Majorities will still control
the affairs of the nation. You cannot, you dare
not, resist. We threaten not with bayonet, re-
volver, and bowie knife; but with the silent ballot,
" Which cxccutes a freeman's will
As lightning does the wili of God.'5'
Your own people would rebuke your mad ambi-
tion. Theirarmof fiower would be raised, and the
voice of prayer ascend to spare us the curse of a
ruptured brotherhood. They would suffer you
to commit no such treason against human hope.
They never would indulge you in the agricultural
pursuit of which so flippantly you have spoken,
" to run a burning plowshare over the foundations
of the Republic."
The weal or woe of nations is in the hands of
the American people, and they never will betray
their trust. Their progress is onward; their aim
is upward. Your blind and reckless infatuation
cannot stay the advancing column. Throw in
your lot with theirs, and it will bea " lightthing
for the shadow to go down ten degrees;" but you
have not the supernatural power, neither would
your unholy designs deserve the Almighty aid
which would " let the shadow return backward."
When you force this issue upon your own peo-
ple, they will not move alone, but the spirit of him
who was cradled in South Carolina and entombed
in Tennessee will lead their hosts. When you
raise the parricidal arm to stab the liberties of
your country, you will hear the voice of the great
Jackson warning you now, as lie did South Car-
olina in 1832, when he said:
" And then add, without horror and remorse, this happy
Union we will dissolve ; this picture of peace and prosper-
ity we will deface ; this free intercourse wo will interiupt;
these fertile fields we will deluge m blood ; the protection
of that glorious flaz we will renounce ; the very name of
Americans we discard. And for wliat, mistaken men, for
what do you throw away these inestimable blessings r Their
object is disunion; but he not deceived by names—disunion
by aimed force is treason. Tell them, that compared to
disunion; all other evils are light, because that brings with
it an accumulation of all; declare that you will never take
the field unless the star-spangled banner of your country
shall float over you; that you wiil not be stigmatized when
dead, and dishonored and scorned while you live, as the
authors of the first attack on the Constitution of your
country."
Not only guided bythe spiritand prophetic ad-
monition of Jackson, but, arming themselves with
theancientseal of Virginia, representing Virtue as
their tutelary genius, robed in the drapery of an
Amazon, resting one hand upon her lance, hold-
ing with the other a sword, trampling upon Tyr-
anny under the figure of a prostrate man, having
near liitn a crown fallen from his head, and bear-
ing in ope hand a broken chain, and in the other a
scourge, while beneath the word Virginia is in-
scribed sic semper tyrannis—under this sign they
would march, and march to conquer. Then from
among the tribes of your own people you would
see "the shadow of mountains, as if they were
men." It would be they who would move " Bir-
nam wood to Dunsinane;" it would be they who
would furnish the Macduffs to meet you on the
field.
"Sail on, O Union, strong-and great;
Humanity, with all its fears,
With all the hope of future years,
Is> hanging breathle&s on thy fate!
We know what master laid thy keel,
What workmen wrought thy ntis of steel;
Who made each mast, and sail, and rope,
What anvils rang, what hammers beat,
In what a forge, and what a heat
Were shaped the anchors of thy hope!
Fear not each sudden sound and shock;
'Tis of the wave and not'the rock}
JTis but the flapping of the sail,
And not a rent made by the gale!
In spite of lock and tempest's roar,
In spite of false lights on the shore,
Sail on, nor fear to breast the sea!
Our hearts, our hopes, are all with thee.''
Mr. BURNHAM next addressed the committee.
[His speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. LOVE obtained the floor.
Mr. HUTCHINS. I think it is about time for
the committee to rise,that we mayadjourn. Will
the gentleman from Georgia yield the floor for
that purpose ?
Mr. LOVE. I yield for a motion that the com-
mittee rise. *
Mr. PERRY. I have some few remarks which
I wish to make; and if the gentleman from Geor-
gia will yield me the floor, with (he understand-
ing that he shall resume it when the committee is
next in session, I will go on this evening.
Mr. LOVE. I will yield the floor with that
understanding.
Mr. PERRY. Mr. Chairman, since the adop-
tion of the American Constitution, our beloved
country has been called upon to pass through
several fiery ordeals. Our Governemnt was an
experiment, and as such it has been put to severe
tests and trials. Our political horizon has no*
always basked in unclouded sunshine; and more
than one important period has come and gone,
when gathering clouds have draped the American
horizon—when the low mutterings of the distant
thunder threatened a coming storm.
Upon one of these important occasions, when a
crisis was apparently upon us, there stood up a
hero, a chieftain, a patriot, clothed with authority
by the American people, and solemnly declared
by the great Eternal: " The Union, it must and
shall be preserved."
The illustrious old hero, backed up and sup-
ported by millions of patriotic hearts, rallied
around the Constitution of our common country,
and the Union was saved. Since that time, we
have been traveling on as a nation to glory, great-
ness, and power.
• Although we have been increasing ir wealth,
extending^ our borders, developing our vast and
varied national resources, diffusing the means of
intelligence and education in every direction, there
is an apparent restlessness, a stirring up of the
bitter waters of sectional strife in certain localities
in this Government. The discordant notes of
disunion ! disunion ! have in defiant tones grated
upon our ears, from the first day that we tooK
our seats in this Hall, until the present time;
while upon every southern breeze there come up
to the Capitol from southern executives, southern
Legislatures, southern conventions,and the south-
ern press, the same unwelcome threatenings.
At this^point the question suggests itself, what
has the North done, or left undone, that it should
be thus rudely assailed? and what reason has the
South for dealing out these bitter threats and
denunciations against their brethren in the free
States? This question, with its incidental connec-
tions, I now propose briefly to discuss; and while
I feel called upon to speak plainly, and in all frank-
ness, I mean to observe that strict courtesy and
gentlemanly bearing which is due from every
member upon this floor to his peers.
In the discussions which have here taken place,
