14
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
self to bring more there; that he intended those
men whom he did bring there., with the exception
of four 01* five negroes whom I suppose he brought
as decoys, to be officers, to be placed at the head
of other troops; and he knew that where there
would be great difficulty in bringing even twenty
or twenty-two men, there would be infinitely
greater difficulty as he increased the number, be-
cause he was obliged to keep them concealed, and
did keep them concealed, as the facts will show,
until he was ready. Sir, he wanted no more men.
It was not a part ofhis theory to bring more men
with him. He expected to find his troops within
the limits of Virginia. He brought weapons there
sufficient to have put an effective weapon of his
own in the hands of two thousand men, and he
came there because there was a large deposit of
public arms, that he might increase his arms as
his force increased.
That was his view; and that an insurrection
did not follow upon his efforts which would have
spread itself sufficiently, at least, to lwve brought
hundreds if not thousands under extermination;
an insurrection which could have been extinguish-
ed only in the blood of thousands; was owing
solely to the loyalty of the slaves. Sir, when the
facts are inquired into, it will appear that of those
whom he captured and took possession of, proba-
bly some ten or twelve altogether, and in whose
hands he placed arms, every one of the slaves, as
soon as he could escape the eye of his captor—
I suppose I must not cull him master—dropped
his gun and ran. Where did he run to ? He nin
home to his master's house. Every one of them
did so; there waft not a single instance to the con-
trary.
I say, then, it was no part of the plan of this
vagabond Brown, ruffian as he was, to carry men
there with him for the purpose of effecting an in-
surrection. Ho acted on a theory that we know
has been proclaimed over and over again by those
who entertain this nefarious abolition design. He
acted on the theory that the slaves are always
ready for revolt; that it required nothing but to
put arms in their hands to bring them to revolt;
and he relied upon that theory and took the con-
sequences. lie came there; but so far from a sin-
gle slave joining him during the twenty-four or
thirty hours that he had possession of the armory,
the few that he captured, some ton or twelve in
number, and to whom he proclaimed freedom and
in whose hands he placed arms, every one of them
escaped from him as soon as practicable and ran
home for safety to their masters' houses. That
is the history of the transaction, and it was owing
to the loyalty of the slaves, it was owing to the
actual condition of slavery in the State of Virginia,
to the affection, tlu; kindness, the love which they
bear to their masters and to their masters 'homes,
that we are indebted that he did not succeed in
raising a formidable insurrection.
I think, when the facts are developed, the hon-
orable Senator's mind will be disabused of the
idea that Brown, having obtained but twenty or
twenty-two men in two years, thereby proved that
he had no aid or countenance where he went. Sir,
he brought there arms which could not have been
purchased at a cost of less than fifteen oi* twenty
thousand dollars, to say nothing of Uig expenses
of various kinds incident to the getting up of the
expedition. What they werw, 1 do not know.
He brought a large sum"in gold upon Ins person.
He could not have brought more arms, and con-
cealed them effectively. It was all planned with
the crudcness that belonged to an unlettered and
a vulgar mind; but so far as it went, it was con-
cealed, designedly concealed—his arms and his
men and everything—until lie was ready to make
the irruption.
I know nothing about the man, except the pub-
lic notoriety he has obtained as a ruffian, a thief,
and a robber—nothing more; but, it is part of his
history itself that he had been a vagrant for years;
that he was poor; that he had no resources of his
own; his will that was published here, the other
day, in one of the papers, shows that he had no
resources of his own; but he brought resources
there for the purposes of this insurrection, pro-
portioned to it, and costing a large sum of money.
We want to know where that money was sup-
plied. We want to know the incentives that led
him to that expedition. We want to know the
state of public sentiment, notwithstanding gen-
tlemen representing the northern States say here
that they disapproved it or condemned it. We
want to get at those thousand rills which go to
make up public sentiment, and which resulted in
furnishing an adequate treasure to send a ruffian,
with an armed band, and arms enough at his
command and in his power, to place them in the
hands of the slaves, certainly to the amount of
two thousand, within one hour after he had col-
lected them. These are facts that we want to get
at by this inquiry.
I trust, then, inasmuch as the circumstance of
the taking of public arms in Missouri some four
years ago, has been already the subject of inquiry ?
and the honorable Senator who introduced it
never then acted upon it, that the Senate will not
connect it in such a way as to embarrass or to
impair or to give a different type to the original
resolution.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, I shall occupy
the Senate but a few moments. I should not have
addressed the Senate at all if the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois had not been presented,
and did not seem to be pressed upon us for decision.
As 1 cannot vote for that proposition, cither as an
amendment to the resolution of the Senator from
Virginia or in the shape of an original resolution,
I must submit a few remark's to the Senate in
justification of my position.
The purpose of the resolution of the Senator
from Virginia is to investigate the proceedings
that have taken place at Harper's Ferry. As I
understand, there are two objects to be accom-
plished. The first is, to enlighten the public mind
of the United States in relation to the political
bearings of that transaction, so that thv people of
this country may form a just judgment ni relation
to the motives and results attempted by that pro-
cess; the second is, to ascertain the facts, and de-
termine whether any legislation is necessary and
proper on the part of Congress.
1 hese are the objects, as 1 understand, to be ac-
complished by the resolution offt red by the Senator
from Virginia. Now, sir, the Senator from Illi-
nois meets this proposition by his amendment
proposing to investigate the circumstances con-
nected with the incident which has been related,
at Liberty, in the State of Missouri. What can
be accomplished by that? Does the Senator from
Illinois propose any legislation upon the facts
which he desires to have investigated,and which
may grow out of that investigation'1 He does not.
Ancl tlw> Senator knows, as well as every other man
on this floor and in this country, that the laws now
in existence are amply sufficient to punish the out-
rage which was committed at Liberty. There are
laws in existence, statutes on your books suffi-
cient to punish the outrage committed at Har-
per's Ferry, so far as that was an outrage against
the Government of the United States. No legis-
lation, therefore, is necessary, so far as regards
the outrage committed at Liberty. The facts are
already developed. The persons who perpetrated
that outrage are liable to indictment and punish-
ment. The Senator does not propose any addi-
tional legislation. He docs not affect that there
is any defect in the law which he desires to
amend by investigating the facts—by no means.
What, then, is his object? Is it political? Is it
to have a political influence on parties in this
country? Why, sir, all the facts of thatoutrage,
if it be an outrage, are already known to the
people of the United States, and all the political
effect and results which could possibly grow out
of it have already been felt and have expended
themselves on the public mind. Now, why in-
vestigate that affair at Liberty? The Senator does
not propose any legislation upon it; he cannot
effect any political object by it; the thing is gone
by and past, and never would have been brought
up, it seems to me, except by some Old (political)
Mortality like the Senator from Illinois, who
delights in wrangling among the rotten and dis-
gusting rubbish of the scenes which have dis-
graced the history of Kansas.
No, sir, the object is not that. The Senator
does not intend to accomplish either of these
results by this amendment. The object, it seems
to me, can be no other than to break the force of
the investigation, and the result of thai investiga-
tion which will be accomplished by the resolution
offered by the Senator from Virginia. That ap-
pears to me to be the object ana the only object
the Senator from Illinois, or any other advocate
of his proposition, can possibly have in view. It
is to smother up the inquiry which the Senator
from Virginia desires to make. It is to break the
force of the circumstances which we expect to
develop. It is to draw off the public mind from
the monstrous oxitrage which has been committed
against the soil and sovereignty of the State of
Virginia by some of the northern people of this
country. This can be the only object which can
be intended by the proposition offered by the
Senator from Illinois, whether in the form of an
amendment or m the shape of an original resolu-
tion, and therefore I shall vote against it. I want
an investigation of all the facts which occurred at
Harper's Perry, that the American people may
see their full bearings m every possible form and
shape, that we may understand how far the
northern people are effective in their opposition
to slavery in the southern States.
Senators here disclaim any sympathy witli
Brown. They say that the northern heart does
not sympathize with Brown's conduct in his ne-
farious attempt upon th® soil of Virginia. Sen-
ators may make declarations, but their acts speak
louder than words. They may disclaim for them-
selves and their people any sympathy with Brown
and his eonduet ana his intentions; but, sir, they
cannot shut the eyes of the people of this coun-
try, and of the southern States especially, to facts
which are exhibiting themselves every day before
the country.
Why, sir, this very attempt which the Senator
from Illinois has made to divert public attention
and to divert the object of the Senator from Vir-
ginia, is evidence of his sympathy with Brown
and hiu acts. I so considei it. If he was im-
pressed with a proper feeling against Brown and
his conduct and his acts and intentions, he would
have come forward and voted for this resolution
of the Senator from Virginia, and would not have
attempted to trammel it with any extraneous ob-
ject whatever. The Senator declares that he
intends to vote for the resolution of the Senator
from Virginia, and scouts the conduct of Brown.
He does it in very patriotic and eloquent language;
and if any one had entered the Hall without know-
ing the antecedents of the gentlwman and of the
party to which he belongs and its conduct, he would
nnve supposed that he was a southern man, with
true southern blood, who was disposed to vindi-
cate the South against its enemies, from every
quarter.
The Senator from New Hampshire also, and
the Senator from Massachusetts disclaim for them-
selves and their people any sympathy whatever
with Brown and his acts and his intentions. And
yet, sir, look at what is transpiring this very day
m this very Capitol. That party, to which these
gentlemen belong, are this day attempting to raise
to the third office in this Government a man who
has openly indorsed sentiments more incendiary
in their character than anything that John Brown
has ever uttered. Sherman is their candidate for
Speaker in the other branch of this Legislature—
a man who has indorsed the book of Helper,
which inculcates incendiary sentiments and feel-
ings 
Mr. HALE. I call the Senator to order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pearce
in the chair.) What is the point of order?
Mr. HALE. Whether it is in order here to
impeach the character ef a member of the other
House.
Mr. IVERSON. I am not referring to any
proceedings of the other House. I state a fact
known to the country.
Mr. HALE. I want the question of order set-
tled.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks the Senator from Georgia should abstain,
from any reflections on the otner House. It is
not customary, I believe, to allow such remarks.
Mr. IVEIISON. I do not understand the
Chair?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
begs the Senator from Georgia to abstain from
any reflections on the other Hou^e or its mem-
bers.
Mr. IVERSON. I was not making any reflec-
tions on the other House. I reflected on the Re-
publican party of this country, not on the mem-
bers of the otner House. I stated the fact, which
is known through the public press, known to
every man in this country, known to every man
on this floor, that Sherman has been proposed
