1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
15
and is the candidate of the Republican party for
Speaker of the House of Representatives, and I
state the fact which the public press has disclosed,
that Sherman is one of the sixty-eight members
of the last Congress who indorsed and approved
the sentiments uttered by Mr. Helper in his cel-
ebrated book.
Can any gentleman on the other side of the
Chamber dispute these facts ? If he can, let him
do it. Is that no sympathy for John Brown on
the part of the Republican party of the country ?
Do those Senators disclaim the act of their col-
leagues in the other branch? Have we heard
them here denouncing John Sherman for his sen-
timents and his approval of Helper's book and
doctrines ? No, sir; tliey belong to that political
organization; and if they will speak out their
sentiments, they; will justify the conduct of their
political friends in the other branch of Congress.
They say they have no sympathy for Brown and
his conduct, his objects, and designs; and yet they
are to-day presenting to the American people for
the third office in the Government a man who has
indorsed and approved, and contributed to the
circulation of sentiments the most damnable that
have ever been uttered from the public press of
this country.
The Senator from Massachusetts disclaims
any sympathy for Brown and his conduct, and
yet he admits the fact that he was present at a
large meeting in his own town in wnich a resolu-
tion was brought forward declaring that resistance
to tyrants was the will of God, and that it was
the duty of the northern people to excite the
southern slaves to insurrection. Can language
be stronger than that? That Senator, disclaim-
ing \itterly as he docs, for which I give him
credit, any idea of approval on his own part of
the sentiments of that resolution, stoodby and did
not rebuke it. What was his duty as a Senator
occupying a seat upon the floor of Congress?
What his duty as a patriot? What was his duty,
as a man of honor? When that resolution was
presented and passed there, receiving, at least, the
silent support of every man in that house, his duty,
if he dissented from the principle of the resolu-
tion, was to rise and rebuke it. No sympathy for
Brown and his acts! No sympathy for incendi-
ary efforts against slavery in the southern States!
I do not understand that kind of absence of sym-
pathy.
The Senator from New Hampshire says that
all his people were opposed to Brown and his
acts, that they do not sympathize with him at all.
Why, sir, what means the ringing of bells in
New Hampshire on the second day of this month
when Brown was hung? The people of Massa-
chusetts have no sympathy for Brown! What
means the resolution introduced into the Senate of
Massachusetts 
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me a
moment ?
Mr. IYERSON. For what purpose?
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the Senator his
authority for saying that the bells were rung in
New Hampshire on the day that Brown was
executed?
Mr. IVERSON. The papers Bay that they
were rung at Concord.
Mr. HALE. What paper?'
Mr. IYERSON. I have seen it stated in a
number of papers. They wero rung not only
there, but elsewhere.
Mr. MALLORY. The Herald states it.
Mr. IYERSON. Yes, the Herald states it.
Mr. HALE. The New York Herald! 1 have
not a word to say.
Mr. BROWN. The Tribune. Is that good
authority?
Mr. IVERSON. But, sir, I will go on.
Mr. HALE. But the Senator allowed me to in-
terrupt him, and I will state all I know about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Georgia give way?
Mr. IYERSON. For a moment, for an expla-
nation.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to have things put
into my mouth which I have not said—not even
by mistake. I have never said that I had no
sympathy for Brown. I said I did not approve
his act, and had no sympathy for the means which
he employed; but, sir, Brown displayed some
high traits of character for which I have high
sympathy.
Mr. IYERSON. And other malefactors have
displayed equal fortitude with Brown. Did they
excite the sympathy of the Senator from New
Hampshire ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir. Now let me conclude.
Mr. IYERSON. We might quote thousands of
instances where men have died on the gallows,
the scaffold, or the cross, or have been gibbeted,
who have exhibited some of the finest traits of
the human character—bravery and fortitude. Did
they excite the sympathy of these men} They
say Brown's fortitude and courage excited their
sympathy. Ah, sir, Brown died because he was
the enemy of slavery, and they can see a great
many causcs of sympathy in his case which they
never thought of feeling or suggesting in the case
of others. Is he the first man who has died on
the gallows that has exhibited fortitude and cour-
age? No, sir.
Who is John Brown, that he should excite the
sympathy of any honorable man? A man who,
in Kansas for live years, was engaged in no other
business but theft and robbery and murder; a
man who in cold blood could take out men from
their beds at night, and, in the presence of their
wives and children, murder them upon the spot—
that is the man for whom you have sympathy,
because he has shown courage.
But, sir, the sympathy extends much beyond
the mere personalities of Brown's character. It
cannot be disguised that the northern heart sym-
pathizes with Brown and his fate, because he died
m the cause of what they call liberty. There is
the truth, and it is unnecessary to disguise it; and
no declarations made here or elsewhere can close
the eyes of the southern people to the fact. Look
at the conduct of the Legislature of Massachu-
setts. On the 2d day of this mouth, at the time
Brown was to be executed, a proposition was
made in the Senate of the State of Massachusetts
—grave and dignified body—to adjourn in honor
and commemoration of him who was about to be
executed for a bloody crime, for'theft and rob-
bery and murder, the.most heinous crimes that
can disgrace humanity; and eight members of
that dignified body voted for an adjournment, and
the proposition was lost by only three votes. Is
that no evidence of sympathy with Brown and his
designs ? What means the expression of the public
press of your party in the northern States? Look
at the New York Tribune; you acknowledge that
as your organ; it speaks the sentiments of your
party. Has it expressed no sympathy for Brown?
Show me a paper, any respectable journal of the
Republican party, in all the northern States, that
has condemned the act of John Brown, except it
is the one that is said to be controlled by one of
the Senators from Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony;]
and he is entitled to my approbation for his course
on this matter, at least, and I believe to the ap-
probation of the southern people. I am glad to
find that there is one man, at least, who has had
the courage to speak out the true sentiments which
ought to actuate the heart of every American cit-
izen on ail occasion like this.
But, sir, the tone of sentiment of the Republi-
can press throughout the whole North is sympathy
for John Brown and his failure—failuie to do that
which, if he had succeeded, would have rent this
Union asunder. Sir, it is needless to disguise
the fact; Senators on this floor may disclaim as
much as tliey please, but their acts speak louder
than words. When they bring forward here, as
a party candidate, a man who openly avows the
principles, and endeavors to circulate and con-
tribute to the circulation of documents which are
calculated to excite the negroes m all the southern
States to rise against their masters, to burn their
property, and cut their throats—the party that
sanctions such a man for such an office, cannot
stand up before the American people and say
they have no sympathy for John Brown and his
acts. No, sir; the truth is that it is the intention
of the Republican party—their public press avows
it, and their political course shows it—it is their
settled design to break down the institution of
slavery by fair means orfoui means; and if they
cannot accomplish it m one way, they intend to
accomplish it in another. If they cannot accom-
plish it by appealing to the slaveholders them-
selves, they mean to accomplish it by appealing
to the slaves.
The Senator from New Hampshire says they
do not appeal to the slaves. Sir, what is Helper s
book ? Is no appeal made to the slaves in that
document, of wnich a hundred thousand have
been circulated already; that document which is.
indorsed and approved by sixty-eight members'
of your party who were members of the last Con-
gress ? Is that no appeal to the slaves? Ay, sir;
your appeals are not only to the slaveholders, but
to the slaves themselves; and all your political
conduct proves that your intention is to excite
insurrection in the South, so that slavery'may
become burdensome to the southern people, and
they be compelled to give it up. That was the'
object of John Brown. That was the object of
those who have taken care of him. That was the
object of those who fostered and protected him;
who gave him aid and comfort; and because he
has failed, and the attempt has been put down,
as I trust all such' attempts ever will be, an ex-
traordinary sympathy for John Brown has been
exhibited throughout -the northern States. This
is the naked truth.
I tell Senators that the southern people are be-'
coming aware of the intention of the Republican
party. I know how strong that party is, and the
Senator from New Hampshhe has very properly
said that even the Democrats of the North, some
of them, at least, have rejoiced at this incident at
Harper's Ferry, because it may have a political
bearing in their behalf. I wish that was the only
reason and the only motive which many of tjie
Democratic party of the North have haa for re-
joicing over what has occurred at Harper's Ferry;
but I am afraid that too many of them sympathize
against slavery, and are willing to put it down by
any means. I am afraid that too many of the
Democratic party of the northern States are going
over to the Black Republicans, because the Black
Republicans havo exhibited more zeal and de-
termination in their war against slavery than the
Democratic party itself has. I wish the Demo-
cratic party was purer and better than it is. I am
afraid that it is becoming itself, if not corrupt, at
least corruptible. But, sir, the South will be able
to take care of itself like Virginia. In the pride*
and power @f her sovereignty she has spurned all
assistance, and stands to-day vindicated as a sov-
ereign State. We are able to protect ourselves,
and wc intend to do it; and whatever may be your
political action and course against the South and
her institutions, rely upon it we shall be prepared
to defend ourselves to the last extremity, even at
the sacrifice of the Union, which you all pretend
so much to revere.
Mr. President, I did not intend to say as much
as I have done. Perhaps, in the heat of debate,
I may have said what I ought not to have said.
I certainly do not intend to impugn the motives
or impeach the character of any individual on this
floor. I speak of them in a political sense; I
speak of their political action; I mention facts
which speak louder than the words that they utter
on this floor.
Mr. HALE. I do not want to occupy the
attention of the Senate; but the honorable Sen-
ator from Georgia has made a statement at the
close which does honor to his heart. I, for one,
certainly freely forgive him for all the Injustice he
did the Republicans for the little modicum of jus-
tice which he did the "Democrats. [Laughter.]
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SIMMONS. If it is the intention of the
Senate to take the question on this amendment
to-night, I should like to say a word or two on it.
Mr. DIXON. If the Senator gives way, I
move thai the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.  
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, December 6, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, who was entitled
to the floor, resumed it.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I ask my friend from
Missouri to allow me an opportunity to submit a
motion to the House this morning before he pro-
ceeds with his remarks. I will state to the gen-
tleman the object I have in view, and I have no
doubt he will concur with me. It being very evi-
dent that when the gentleman shall conclude his
