1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1035
southern gentlemen have expressed a willingness
to stand by the Constitution of our common coun-
try, to observe in good faith its obligations and
compromises. "We, of the North, join hands with
you here. We claim thst \vc are not only loyal
to this great fundamental law, but that we have
been so m all times past. And here comes the
issue to be tried: you charge us with numerous
derelictions in duty; we charge them back upon
you. You have arraigned the great Republican
party of the Union before the high court of the
American people, and charged it with treason to
the Constitution; we fling all special pleadings to
the winds, join issue upon the merits, and go to
the country.
"What is the Constitution? Is it a mere mem-
orandum of an agreement, entered into by ihe
States of this Union in their sovereign capacity as
States, to be observed or broken at the pleasure of
any one or more of the high contracting parties ;
Is it a great confederated partnership, in which
the several States have agreed to do business un-
der the firm-name of "the Union," with the right
reserved to each and every partner to withdraw
at pleasure ? Is it a compact or league between
the several States, entered into, and ratified by
State sovereignty; simply an agreement that can
be kept or broken at the will of any or either of
the parties thereto ? Is this a fair interpretation
of the Constitution? I answer most emphati-
cally in the negative. The reasons for this opin-
ion arc numerous and weighty. If this is all there
is of the Constitution, then it need never have
been formed. The thirteen original States or
colonies, as far back as before the Revolution,
entered into ^compact; they reduced this com-
pact to writing, and it is found in the old Articles
of Confederation framed in 1777. Acting under
this compact, the thirteen colonies sentforth to the
world and posterity that great magna charta of
Republican principles, the Declaration of Inde-
pendence. Under this compact our fathers strug-
gled and toiled through seven long years of rev-
olutionary warfare, and achieved the independ-
ence and liberties of our common country. The
preamble to this compact defines the "Articles of
Confederation to be a perpetual anion between the
States;'5 while the thirteenth and last article closes
by declaring '' that the articles thereof shall be in vi-
olably observed by the States, and that the Union
shall b"e perpetual." Why did our fathers
abandon the old league or compact formed under
these Articles of Confederation and substitute the
Constitution? If they had been satisfied to have
lived under a league or compact they never would
have changed their form of government—and this
is the reason that they preferred a Constitution to
a compact.
Although there has been a slight conflict of
opinion among American statesmen and jurists ,
upon this subject, yet a vast majority of the au- j
thorities concur m this opinion, that the Consti- ;
tution is not a league, compact, or confederacy,
but a fundamental law. The idea that the Consti-
tution is a mere compact between the States is
completely refuted by the instrument itself. In
the preamble, it declares the "people," and not
the States, made it, in words too plain and direct
to be mistaken: " We, the people of the United
States, in order to form a more perfect union, do
ordain and establish this Constitution." I make
these remarks as the basis of what I may desire
to say hereafter relative to the doctrine pro-
claimed by certain honorable gentlemen upon this
floor, that a State, m its sovereign capacity, has
a right peaceably to secede from the Union.
I now turn to another point involved in this
controversy, namely, the compromises entered
into upon thu slavery question between the North
and the South at the formation of the Constitution.
Neither the word "s/are" nor " slavery" any-
where appears in the Constitution, and this omis-
sion was not accidental Mr. Madison, who had
more to do with framing the Constitution than
any other man, said, he "thought it wrong to
admit into the Constitution the idea that there
cov.ld be property in men." (3 Madison Pa-
pers, 1429.) Mr.Sherman said, "ho was opposed
to a tax on slaves, because it implied they were
property(3 Madison Papers, 1390.) Other
members expressed similar opinions. Notwith-.
standing our fathers carefully guarded the lan-
guage incorporated into the Constitution, with a
'iir«ct view to the ultimate extinction of slavery,
yet the fact is not to be denied, that the institution
then existed in nearly all the States, " under the
laws thereofand this fact entered into the com-
promises which resulted in its formation and adop-
tion. The first compromise agreed upon is found
in article one, section two, clause three, of the
Constitution, and was a direct concession to the
South. This provision allows a property basis of
representation upon this floor, which is not al-
lowed the North; the operation of which is to give
to the slaveholding States to-day, as was truly
remarked by an honorable gentleman from Mis-
sissippi, [Mr. Lamar,] twenty Representatives in
this House based upon property.
The members of the convention which framed
the Constitution, from the North, contended that
if "three fifths" of the slave property in the
South was to be added to the "whole number of
free persons," then the exports—the products of
thcslave population—should* be taxed as an equiv-
alent to the North. Mr. King expressed the opin-
ions of the North when he said: "At all events,
either slaves should not be represented or exports
should be taxable." (3 Madison Papers, 1262.)
The only equivalent which the North received
was the connecting provision in the article^nd
section above referred to, which declares, that in
levying "direct taxes," they should be appor-
tioned accoiding to the basis of representation;
and, as we raise our taxes from a tariff of duties
levied upon imports, this provision is worthless
to the people of the free States.
The next compromise embodied in the Consti-
tution upon the slavery question is found in sec-
tion nine, article one:
" The migration or importation of such persons as any of
the States now existing shall think pioper to admit, shall
not be prohibited by Congress prior to the year 1808; but a
tax or duty may be imposed on such importation, not ex-
ceeding ten dollars for each person."
Prior to this time, Maryland, Virginia, and sev-
eral other'States, had abolished the foreign slave
trade. A large majority of the convention desired
to abolish it at once. We have the most conclu-
sive evidence upon this point. Mr. Iredell, in the
North Carolina State convention callcd to ratify
the Constitution, said:
" It was the wish of a great majority of the convention
to put an end to the trade immediately, but South Carolina
and Georgia would not agree to it."
Again he said:
" It is probable that all the members reprobated the in-
human traffic, but South Carolina aik Georgia would not
consent to an immediate prohibition or it; one reason was,
that during the last war, the devolution, they lost a vast
number of negroes, which loss they wished to supply."—3
ElioVs Debates, 06, 97, 08.
Mr. Spaight, in the same convention, said that
" The limitation of this trade to the term of twenty years,
was a compromise between the eastern and southern States
—South Carolina and Georgia wished to extend the term—
the eastern State* insisted on the entire abolition of the
trade.—3 Eliot's Debates, 9S.
General Pmckney, in the South Carolina rati-
fication State convention, said, that while some of
the eastern States were willing, for the sake of
the South, to wait a little before putting stop to
the slave traffic—
"The middle States and Virginia made us no «uch propo-
sition; they were for an immediate and total prohibition."'—
3 EhoVs Debates, 357.
Thus the fact is established and proved, that
Congress was prevented from abolishing the slave
trade for twenty years, as special favor to two
southern States of this Union.
The only remaining clause in the Constitution
relating to slavery is article four, section two,
clause three:
'• Xo person held to service or labor in one State, under
the laws thereof, escaping into another, -hail, in conse-
quence ot anv law or regulation therein, be discharged from
such service or labor, but shall be delivered up on claim of
the party to whom s uch service or labor may be due."
This provision was another concession to slave -
holding States.
And'here it is important to inquire whether the
framers of the Constitution considered slavery
nationaloriocal? Therenditionclausejust quoted
is an answer to the question: "Persons held to
service or labor in one State, under the lairs there-
; of." Here they put upon record, in the great fun-
i dnmental law of the land, the fact that slaves are
I held " under the laws" of the States, and not by
i force of theConstitution. Its framers so expressed
i themselves in the constitutional convention. Mr.
| Gorry said:
i '• We had nothing to do with the conduct of States as to
slaves; but ought to he careful not to give any sanction to
it."—3 Madison Papers, page 13S4.
They left the whole question where they found
it—with the States; to be continued or abolished
as they severally, in their sovereign capacities,
should determine.
II. The framers of the Constitution made that
instrument with the desire and expectation that
slavery would ultimately be abolished in all the
States; that in this country it would come to a
final end. This proposition is clearly demonstra-
ted in their openly avowed opinions upon the
slavery question.
General Washington, although a slaveholder
believed slavery wrong. He freely expressed
himself upon this point, and has left the clearest
evidence behind him upon this question.
Thomas Jefferson, in his official acts and public
writings, has left to posterity a record that can-
not be mistaken. In his Notes on Virginia, ho
boldly declares:
"Nobody wishes more ardently than I, an abolition not
only of the slave trade, but of the condition of slavery
Page 170.
Gouverneur Morris, in the convention which
formed the Constitution, said:
c< He never could consent to uphold human slavery; it
was a nefarious institution.*'—3 Madison Papers, 1263.
Mr. Sherman said:
" That the abolition of slavery seemed to be going on in
the United States, and that the good sense of the several
States would, probably by degrees, complete it."—3 Madi-
son Papers, 1390.
Colonel Mason, of Virginia, said:
"Slavery discourages tbe arts and manufactures, and
brings the judgment of Heaven on a country."—3 Madison
Papers, 1391. <£
In the Virginia convention to ratify the Con-
stitution, Mr. Henry said:
" Slavery is detested; we feel its fatal defect* ; we de-
plore it witli ail the pitv of humanity."—ZEiioVs Debates,
437.
The illustrious William Pinkney, in the Mary-
land Legislature, in 1788, said:
tc By the eternal principles of eternal justice, no master
in the State has the right to hold his slave m bondage for a
single hour." * * * " We may talk of liberty, in
our public councils, and fancy that we feel reverence for
her dictates." * * * " In the name of Heaven, can
we cull our&elves the friends of equal freedom and the in-
heient riahts of our species, when we wantonly pass laws
inimical to each; when we reject every opportunity of de-
stroying, by silent, imperceptible degrees, the horrid fabric
of individual bondage, reared by the mercenary hands of
those from whom the sacred flame of lihmy received no
devotion r"—IVilliston's Eloquence of the United States,
volume 5.
But I will not further elaborate ji proposition
which cannot be successfully denied, by quot-
ing additional ex tracts-from the writings of early
American statesmen.
2. The hypothesis here set up is proved by the
cotemporaneous acts of our fathers. The provis-
ion in the Constitution relating to the suppression
of the slave trade after 1808, is strong evidence
to this point. The^naeting of the celebrated or-
dinance of 1787, by which all territory then out-
side of the States was made forever free, is another
incontrovertible proof of their intentions.
3. The opinions of the founders of this Repub-
lic were not only acquiesced jn and indorsed, but
taken as authoritative expositions of the Consti-
tution, by nearly all the great statesmen of lbs
country during the first sixty years of its exist-
ence.
First. TilSt Congress has power, under the
Constitution,toprohibitslavery in theTerritories.
The ordinance of 1787, passed by the first Con-
gross under the Constitution, in which were
twenty members of the Federal convention which
framed the Constitution, is a direct exercise of
this power. It passed unanimously, and was
approved by General Washington. Subsequent
acts, in which the same principle was directly rec-
ognized, were passed, as follows: an act, April
7, 1798, organizing Mississippi Territory; in the
Sixth Congress, an act organizing Indiana Terri-
tory; an act, March 26, 1804, dividing Louisiana
into two Territories; January 11, 1805, an act
organizing MichiganTerritory ■. February 3,1809,
an act establishing Illinois Territory; June 4,
1812, an act establishing Missouri Territory;
March 3, 1817, an act relating to Alabama Terri-
tory ; March 9, 1819, m act establishing Arkan-
sas Territory; March 6, 1820, the Missouri com-
