1980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
was the effect of the tariff of 1857 upon the iron
interest. I represent perhaps the largest iron in-
terest west of the Alleghany mountains, except-
ing, it may be, a portion of Missouri. There arc
in the district I represent twenty-five iron estab-
lishments, and I can inform the gentleman that
but six are in blast, and that the others will not
pay to run them. With such facts, sir, staring
him in the facc, how can he stand here and de-
clare to the country that this interest is pros-
pering? There is not a man in the whole coun-
try who has been manufacturing iron who has
not, within the last three or four years, been
broken or badly damaged.
Let me ask the gentleman whether he did not
vote for the tariff of 1846?
Mr. HOUSTON. I did.
Mr. &UARLES. 'Did you regard that as a
protective tariff?
Mr. HOUSTON. I did not at the time. I
know that the duties it imposed were high, and
that the incidental advantages afforded to manu-
facture would be great; but then, Mr. Chairman,
we got rid of specific duties by that tariff. Not
only that, but got a large reduction of duties on
the law of 1842. The gentleman must Irani an-
other fact, and that is this: what may have keen
a revenue duty in 1846 may now, because of the
improvement in machinery and the cultivation of
a knowledge of manufacture, have becomc a duty
for protection.
Mr. QUARLES. I must peply to the gentle-
man that tliere has not been much improvement
in digging ore out of the ground and melting it in
the furnaces. There is not much machinery used
there, except that, sir, whit h belongs to bone and
muscle. There has? not been much improvement
in the digging of iron ore, although there may be
in rojhng bars. That, however, has only been
rceen tly.
The gentleman says that he voted for the tariff
of 184G. I will tell him that the tariff proposed
by this bill meiely makes specific the ad valorem
duties under the tariff of 1846. It fixes the aver-
age price for five years at thirty per cent. That
was in the tariff of 1816, for which the gentleman
voted and in favor of which his parly has sung
so many hosannas. How dues it happen that
that tariff now becomes protective? llow does
it happen that it protects the iron interest now,
and did not piotcet ii in 1846*'
Ho has told us, sir, that in the last ten yeais
we him; \ery neailv doubled in the production
ofiron. Why was that ? Puun 181(> to 1857 we
had the lanffof' 1846, under whn h the iron inter-
est did piosper. It !s pir>pi)s'1 f 1 now to adopt the
same tariff, which was introdwcrd into a Dem-
ocratic House by a Democratic member, and over
the operations oI which hosannas wcie Kimjrfroni
one end of the country to the other by the Dem-
ocratic party. Hut it is now alleged that it is a
protective taulF, because the duties are changed
from ad valorem to specific, although that change
'was recommended by the present Demociatie
President of the United States. The gentleman
from. Alabama, who may be considered almost
the leader of his p.irty upon this floor, and who
always stands up hero in defense of the present
Executive oftheUmted Stntes. and notwithstand-
ing that he voted for the tariff of 1846, now op-
poses the duties imposed by that tariff, and also
uppoM-s the recommendation ol President Buch-
anan in favor of specific duties, who certainly
must be well informed m regard to the interests
of his State of Pennsylvania, and in regard to this
particular interest of iron manufacture. I know
that the reduction of duty upon iron has been
very onerous upon my people. It has thrown
into the production of tobacco, and wheat, and
pork, the larger portion of the industry which
was engaged in the manufacture ofiron.
[Here the hammer fell.J
Mr. HOUSTON. The difference between the
gentleman fiom Tennessee and myself is this: I
prefer to be governed by the dictates of my judg-
ment as to what is right; and reasoning from his
speech, I presume he always goes with his party.
There is, in that respect, a wide difference between
us. While I defend the President of the United
States when he is assailed ruthlessly, and I must
say, sometimes m a vulgar manner, by gentlemen
who hold seats on this floor,yet at the same time,
when the President enunciates tloctrincs I believe
to be wrong, I will as soon combat those doctrines
as if they were declared by the party of which the
gentleman is a prominent member.
The gentleman says that he takes issue with me
upon the prosperity of the iron interest, and he
speaks of the furnaces in his district being out of
blast. That is not because of a decrease or an
increase of the tariff. I venture to assert, Mr.
Chairman, that the furnaces in the gentleman's
district arc seldom benefited or injured to the
amount of one dime by the duty laid upon im-
ported iron. They are. too far in the interior, and
so out of the way, that the effect of a duty could
hardly reach them. If they are out of blast, then
it must be bccause of bad management. The
Congress of the United States cannot keep men
from badly managing their business.
I have referred to tables, and here they are.
They show the price of iron for every month in
the year for a few years previous to 1859. They
show, sir, that there has not been any very ma-
| terial reduction in the price of iron from 1855 to
1859. The gentleman may be right; but if be is,
the Secretary of the Treasury and this book are
wrong.
The gentleman says that while I voted for the
tariff of 1846,1 am now disposed to assert that
the duties imposed by that tariff are too high. I
am opposed to reinstating that tariff, still 1 would
prefer it to this bill. One of the reasons for my
supporting the tariff of 184G was, that it avoided
specific duties, and adopted the ad valorem system,
so as to let each article pay a duty according to
its value. That is one of the reasons why I Tooted
for that bill; and I cannot now vote for reinstat-
ing the precise amount, it be put in a specific
form, for two reasons. 1 am opposed to speci-
fics, and I cannot do it in that shape. I voted for
that bill, in part, to get rid of specifics. Another
reason is, that the progress and advancement of
science, as applied even to the manufacture ofiron,
make the duty, which might have been a fan* rev-
enue duty in 1846, a duty too high now; and I
would not vote for it for that reason.
Again, 1 am opposed to going back and im-
posing larger duties upon the necessaries of life—
those things which everybody must have, the
poor as well as the rich, and which men earn by
the sweat of their brows. 1 am opposed to im-
posing taxes upon the poorer class of people for
the benefit of these iron manufacturers.
Mr. KE1TT. 1 move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was then taken upon Mr.
Q,i-Aiu.rs's amendment, and it was not agreed to
! Mr. HARKSDALE. I desire to inquire of the
j gentleman 'from Vermont, when he proposes to
j jtress thus bill to a ^ote.
I Mr. MORIULL. I will say, in response to the
gentleman from Mississippi, that 1 believe it is the
almost universal desire that we shall progress as
rapidly as possible wkh the business of the House
so that we may have an early adjournment. And
if wo do not spend the greater portion of this day
in the consideration of this bill, I fear we shall
not attain that object. It is, therefore, my inten-
tion to devote this entire day to the consideration
of this bill.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I agree with the gentle-
man from Vermont as to the importance of press-
ing thi§ bill, as well as all other business of the
House, as rapidly as possible. Cut there are a
number of membui.s absent now; and it strikes
me that it is important to know when it is the in-
■! tention of the gentleman to take a vote upon this
h bill, and with that view 1 have propounded the
question to the gentleman I did not understand
the gentleman to say whether lie intends to press
a vote'to-dav or to-morrow.
Mr. MORSE. I presume the bill will not get
through to-day.
Mr. HOUSTON. I object to any day being
specified when a vote shall be taken.
Mr. MORSE. I move to amend line thirty-
three, page 8, by inserting after the word "use/5
and "damaged iron secured from wreckcd ves-
sels.'' I offer this amendment to remedy an
evil in which ship-owners may find themselves
occasionally involved under this bill unless it
be amended. A ship loaded with lion is occa-
sionally wrecked on our coast. A misfortune of
this kind occurred but a few years ago on the
coast of Maine, near the seaport town where I
reside. The iron was not secured from the wreck
for several months; and was so damaged by ly-
ing so long in the salt water that it could not be
used as new iron, and had seriously decreased in
value. This deterioration of value in iron will
always take place when the article is long ex-
posed to the action of salt water. The expense
of obtaining it from the sunken ship may be so
expensive, and its leductipn in value so great, as
to be hardly worth the duties and cost of obtain-
ing it. Yet, under this bill, full duties would be
demanded of him. I submit to the committee,
then, whether it be wise or just to force the im-
porter to pay duties on an article which the mis-
fortunes of the voyage had rendered quite differ*
ent from the one he invoiced. That he may not
be left in the hands of revenue officers, and to re-
move all doubt on the subject, I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was adopted.
Mr. MORSE. I now move to strike out the
words "fifty cents" after "one dollar;" so that
the clause will read:
uOa iron cables or chains, or parts thereof, anchors or
parts theieof, and anvils, one doil.u pei hundred pouuds "
I dislike to interfere with the bill as it came
from the hands of the committee, and do so only
in obedience to a firm conviction that the duty
which this clause of the bill attempts to establish
is clearly wrong, and will bear hardly upon one
of the great industrial interests of the country, now
yet more depressed than any other interest in the
country. This clause of your bill doubles the
duty on chain cables, sheets, ties, and all the chain
work used in the rigging of a ship, and adds about
ten dollars per ton to the duty on anchors. This
bill raises the duty on bar and every other form
of iron used in the construction of a ship, and
ends by adding one hundred per cent, to the duty
on all chain work, and about fifty on anchors.
Sir, I should not be doing justice to my con-
stituents, who are all identified, cither directly or
indirectly, without an attempt to see justice done
them in this particular, and to get these severe
duties reduced at least to one dollar for the hun-
dred pounds. The navigating interest generally
stands a poor chance in tariff bills; but this bill,
it appears to me, is unusually hard upon it. From
$5,1)00 to $6,000 worth of iron is used m the con-
struction and rigging of a ship-of one thousand
tons. About one tenth of the whole value of a
ship ready for sea is in iron, which has always
been taxed for the support of Government, and
for the benefit of the miner and manufacturer of
iron; and now, while that interest is so much de-
pressed, you propose to increase, its burdens by
laying still heavier duties upon every imported
article which goes into the construction of a ship,
solely for the benefit of other interests.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman, whether he considers that the imposition
of this increased duty will increase the price of
the article?
Mr. MORSE. I assent to the theory which
has been presented here by two or three gentle-
men, that the increase of the duties will for atime
increase the price of the articles sought to be pro-
tected. Otherwise, it could not benefit other in-
terests, and would be without motive, except to
raise more revenue. The ultimate effect in most
cases will be to encourage manufactures in our
own country, which, with other causes, will bring
down prices, and in other respects, also, benefit
the whole industry of the countiy. But that, as
a general thing, the immediate effect will be to in-
crease prices, and make the consumer of to-day
contribute something m the form of taxation for
the future well-being and industrial prosperity of
their country, I tlunk must be admitted by all; and
further, that the system, regulated with due wis-
dom and care, and a proper regard for ail inter-
ests, is right. But, sir, 1 think it unjust and im-
politic to make an interest, so essential to the suc-
cess of other interests, their servant, carrier, and
exchanger, now, after a steady depression of
years, after adverse fortunes have brought it to a
struggle for existence, contribute so much more
than its due share to the revenues and the pros-
perity of other interests of the country. Look
where you may, and you will find no interest that
has had so hard an experience, during the last
four years, as the shipping interest of our coun-
try. 1 do not know upon whatprmcipleyou act
m this particular, unless it be on the principle
