1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1981
stated by the gentlenfan from Ohio, [Mr. Stan-
ton,] that of driving those of our people engaged
in commerce into what he is pleased to term a more
honest business. The gentleman has started a
strange philosophy; ho would retire from all in-
tercourse with the " outside world," and make it
dishonest for us to trade with his people and carry
their products over the soa. Dishonest to build
up commercial cities, great markets for the West,
and run railro'ads .to your doors, to convey the
fruits of your industry to the sea shore, and thence
abroad ! Our ships are, in this particular, but a
continuation ofyour railroads,and quite as import-
ant to you. They are our winged cars, sailing on
ocean's broad gauge, fieighted with the products
of all parts of our country, carrying it wherever a
market offers. Our mercantile marine fleet has
c§st over two hundred million dollars, but is not
perhaps to-day worth much over half this sum.
It is manned by about one hundred and fifty thou-
sand men, honest and brave as are to be found in
any employment or profession. It is true, sir,
they are not the sailors of the West and South,
who brave the yellow feverand vomito in tropical
climes, and the iceberg and ice fields of northern
seas; they are not your heroic sailors, who stand
firmly at the helm, midst tempest and storm, or
cling to the yard-arm, gathering in the fragments
of a sail, on a lee shore, with breakers sounding
their death knell; but they are brave., generous,
and honest, and following one of the most hazard-
ous and dangerous of all pursuits. They are the
carriers and exchangers of the commodities of all
lands, and absolutely necessary to the prosperity
of all. This important interest, then, is the com-
mon interest of the whole country, and should be
cared for and encouraged, instead of having its
burdens increased and being hedged about by dis-
couragements. It stands between two other great
interests, and is, unfortunately, too often disre-
garded by both, instead of being the handmaid
and co-worker of both. We are willing to per-
form our part, to make present sacrifices, if need
be, toward rearing American industry. We arc
willing to be moderately pressed, to aid in the
accomplishment of such an important object; but
do not, in the name of justice, press the life out
of us.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JENKINS. The remark of the gentle-
man from Maine shows how gentlemen on the
other side preach to us what they do not practice
for themselves. We have been informed, in one
or two speeches on that side, that an increase of
the tariff on all these articles will ultimately reduce
the price to the consumer. Yet it seems as if the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Morse] was very
anxious to have the duty reduced on anchors and
chains and the like. My friend from New York
[Mr. Hoard] suggested the point to him, and
asked whether lie believed the tariff would not
have the cffect of decreasing the price of the article;
and he responded that the present and immediate
effect of it would be to increase the price; but that
he believed it would be ultimately to decrease it.
Now I hope that the gentleman from Maine is not
lookin"'to the present, immediate, and tempoiary
advantage of his people, but to their ultimate
prosperity. Believing thatthe increaseof duty will
ultimately make chains and anchors cheaper, he
ought to be in favor of increasing the duty,rather
than of taking it off.
Mr. HOARD. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Maine, by striking
out fifty cents and inserting $1 ^5.
The gentleman from Virginia [Mr. jenkinsj
has put the point which I desired to press on the
gentleman from Maine; but there is a consequence,
Mr. Chairman, connected with the question, to
which I desire to call the attention of the commit-
tee. There are two propositions submitted to us.
One proposition is, that the imposition of the duty
does not increase the price of the article, and that
if it did, it would be unjust to impose it. The
* other proposition is, that the duty is good for
liothinir to the manufacturer if it does not increase
the puce U is evident, therefore, that the argu-
ments do not hold together. If it does not m-
rea.se the price, it is of no benefit to the manufac-
and if it does increase the price, the gentle-
from Ohio admits that it ought not to be
uu-enaiid 'if it docs increase the price, the gentle-
nm) fror* thnt it ou<?ht not
Now, I have an idea on this subject different
from any that lias been propounded here. 1 be-
lieve myself that the imposition of duty on any
manufactured article is a direct injury to the man-
ufacturer of the article, for this reason: that it be-
comes the 'interest of the consumer to buy the
foreign article, and not the American. Let me
illustrate this. If I go to buy a hundred tons of
iron, I find that the foreign and* the domestic ar-
ticle, of the same quality, are offered to me at the
same price. Which is it my interest to buy? Most
undoubtedly to buy the foreign article, because I
thereby put money in the Treasury, and to that
extent relieve myself from taxes; whereas if I buy
the domestic article, I pay the same price, and de-
rive no advantage from it. Now, if all other con-
sumers would open their eyes to this, and act upon
this principle, the domestic manufacturers would
lose their trade; and it is because consumers do
not understand the operation of this law that they
purchase the domestic article. Now. I say here
distinctly that, when I go into the market to buy
an article that is the subject of protection, I al-
ways buy the foreign article, because it is my
interest to do so.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
New York, as well as to the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine. The gentleman from
Maine asks for a reduction of duty on anchors.
Scarcely a foreign anchor is now used. But
$13,000 worth were imported during the whole of
the last fiscal year.
Mr. MORSE. My friend from Pennsylvania
will permit me to ask him where there is an estab-
lishment in this country that manufactures the
article ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One of the
largest manufactories of anchors in the country
is at Bristol, Tennessee.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. In regard
to the prosperity of the iron trade, I would have
been del iglited with what the gentleman from Ala-
bama [Mr. Houston] said this morning if I could
believe it to be true; but what he said with regard
to the prosperity of the iron trade now shows liow
good a speech a man may make without one par-
ticle of knowledge of the subject. If he lived in
the iron districts of Virginia, Tennessee, Oluo, or
Pennsylvania, he could scarcely go into a neigh-
borhood where, four years ago, iron works were
in full blast, that he iiiill not find one half of them
idle; and yet lie says they are increasing the pro-
duction.
Now, I undertake to say that you may go
through Pennsylvania, where you please, and you
will find one third of the furnaces and other iron
establishments standing idle; and they have been
so, fitfully at least, since 1857. I was glad to find
that the theory of the gentleman from Alabama
was about to set all these m blast, and relieve the
iron masters from the debts and judgments and
dockets against them in every iron county of the
State. A large furnace that had been, while in
operation, one of the most successful in the coun-
ty, was sold the other day. One ot the most suc-
cessful iron masters in Pittsburg told me, this
winter, that his house had brouglitup their books
for the last twenty-eight months, and balanced
them, at the rate of six per cent, interest on then-
capital, and found themselves $98,000 worse off
than if they had had their money out at six per
C°The gentleman from Alabama has the happy
faculty of finding that iron is selling at the same
i price as ever, because he has got from the Secre-
| tary of the Treasury, gathered up 1 know notliow,
the prices of iron at New ork. But the gentle-
man knows just as much about the tables as the
man who made the tables knew about the prices.
Sir, in 1856 bar iron sold in New York at$61 per
ton, and pig iron at $35. In 1656-57 liar iron sold
at 4,60, and pig at £'25. In 1857-5S bar iron sold
. at S55, and pig at 50. In 1858-59 bar iron
sold at $45, and pig at §23. That is the table
which the gentleman tells us proves that the price
of iron is as great as it ever was. It there be any
iron merchants within my hearing, they know-
that I state the truth when I say thatthe prices of
iron are reallv one third lower than those before
the tariff of 1857. You cannot sell tug iron readily
now, in any of the cities, for mo' e than ^1; nn<!
I pray you, when you listen to the haiangucs of
eentlemcn here who do not understand the facts
If which they speak, that you will not accept
their theories, in opposition to the facts as they
exist.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. Hoard's amendment to the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to ametid the amend-
ment by striking out "one dollar" and inserting
"seventy-five cents "
Mr. Chairman, I do not know that a more
forcible illustration of the correctness of the views
which I expressed this morning could be given
than is furnished in the remarks of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, who has just taken his seat
He says the iron interest is prostrated. Well,
sir, I suppose that may be true to some extent,
and to that extent I agree with my friend from
Alabama, [Mr. Houston.] But thereare unques-
tionably certain establishments where they are
now prosecuting the business with profit. There
are a great many others, the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania says,and the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Q.UARLES.,] who addressed the committee to-
day, says which have suspended altogether, and
wliich require additional protection before they
can be revived. What is the inference from this ?
Why, with the very great advantages of having
the foreign commodity purchased in their own
market, paying a duty of twenty-four per cent.,
) laying all the intermediate charges, the iron man-
ufacturers of Pennsylvania are still doing a losing
business. In other words, with all these advant-
ages, amounting to not less perhaps than fifty
per cent, in the aggregate, the Pennsylvania iron
manufacturer is still doing a losing business; and
I say what do you infei'from it? Sir, I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania if, when they re-
ceive twenty-four per cent, or fifty per cent, more
than they can produce the article for in the foreign
country, whether the twenty-four or fifty per
cent, goes into the manufacturer's pocket?
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania, ltdoesnot;
it goes into the pockets of the laborers, whose
wages are proportionably higher than those paid
in England.
Mr. MILLSON. Certainly, I anticipated the
answer of the gentleman; the profit does not go
into the hands of the manufacturer. It is, as I
said, ridiculous to suppose that any branch of busi-
ness m this country pays a profit of from twenty-
five to fifty per cent, upon every article sold. Tliey
do not make any such profit. What, then, is the
inference we must draw ? It is what I stated be-
fore, that what we pay they do not gain. It isnot
their profits. Nobody gains it; the country loses
i it. It is a dead los3 in the wealth of the country
, and of the world.
[Here the hammer fell.] ,
Mr. HOUSTON. I was certainly surprised to
hear the statements made by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] I was aware that
he was in the habit of being very reckless in his
statements; but I was not prepared to hear him,
with a book in his hand, purport to read a state-
ment and read it wrong.
Now, sir, the gentleman pretended to read from
a table the price of pig iron, and he said that in
1859 the price was $-23 per ton. That is exactly
what he said. Now, sir, here is a table which
shows that in 1859 the price of pig iron was some-
thing over $25 per ton.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. The state-
ment I have before me makes the price $23 15j,
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman is reading
from some slip of paper which he has got hold of.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. No, sir; 1
am reading from a table taken from an official
record. , ,
air. HOUSTON. Well, then, if the gentleman
reads from an official table he reads it wiong. I
will state, precisely? the facts as I have theui hi
a table before me. In 1855-5G the price of pig
iron was «2(i 96. In the next year it was §20 08;
. in the next, $22 78; and in the last year, $2a 10.
I; If you will take railroad iron, or any other species
'' of iron, you will find it has varied in the last four
> or five years, in about the same proportions. The
!: crisis of 1857 affected the price of iron, as it did
1 Of' every other article. In 1855 the price was fe,ab;
! but in 1857 it went down to a little over $22. In
i 1858-59, however, it regained its position m re-
! p-ard to price precisely as every other comoioti-
! ity did upon the revival of a prosperous state of
s commercial affairs. I say, therefore, that am
! sustained in the statement I made, that the iron
