1982
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
interest was in as prosperous a condition as any
other interest of the country. If gentlemen will
examine these tables they will find that the facts
are as I have stated them. I profess, when I see
a figure, to know what it is; and when I profess
to read a thing, I read it as it is. I am sure to
read nothing but what is put down in the book.
I wish the gentleman from Pennsylvania could
say the same.
Mr. HUGHES. I am afraid, if this ferruginous
discussion continues much longer, the iron will
enter into our very souls; and 1 therefore move
that the committee rise.
, The committee divided; and there were—ayes
fifty-three.
Mr. HOARD demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. Mii.lson's amendment to the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. BURNETT. Is it the purpose of the
friends of this bill to press a vote on it to-night?
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing, for one, to pit
here until this business of the tariff is disposed
of. 1 wish to get away from this city as soon as
lean. This bill has to be voted on, sooner or
later, and I trust it will be the pleasure of the
committee to dispose of it this evening.
Mr. BURNET. T. At the rate at which we have
proceeded with the bill to-day, and considering
its great length, it will be, in my judgment, utterly
impossible to dispose of it this evening.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing that we shall
take arecess, get our dinners, and return here and
dispose of the bill to-night. I think that by eight
or nine o'clock we can finish it.
Mr. BURNETT. We cannot finish it this
evening; and, if it be the pleasure of the commit-
tee, I would suggestthat to-morrowat one o'clock
be fixed for taking the vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us get through with the
bill to-night.
Mr. MOORE, of Kentucky. There are some
members who desire to vote on this bill to-day,
because to-morrow they must necessarily be ab-
sent. As we have given the gentlemen on the
other side two weeks for Charleston, it is as little
as they can do to give us a day at Baltimore.
Mr. BURNETT. I am willing to postpone
the vote on this question of the tariff until after
to-morrow. 1 am sure that wu 'cannot get a vote
on this bill to-night.
Mr. MORRILL? I will say this to the gen-
tleman from Kentucky: it" we can get through
with the bill to-night, 1 do not think that theie
will be any objection to postponing a vote upon
the bill until to-mprrow. I deem it desirable that
to-night we should get the bill in a condition foi
a vote on its passage.
Mr. BRANCH. I hope the gentleman from
Vermont will give me his attention for a moment.
I cannot consent that there shall be any under-
standing that this bill shall be voted on to-mor-
row or the next day. It is the most important
bill that has been before this Congress, or that is
likely to come before it. Here is a clause in ref-
erence to the-duLy upon iron. Now, gentlemen,
appealing to their consciences, must agree that
this committee ought, out of a decent regard for
the opinions and interests of the several sections
of the country, to devote at least a day or two to
that clause alone.. I trust sincerely that gentle-
men on the other side will not press us into a
night session in order to coerce us into a vote on
this bill. I do not believe that ther*« is any dis-
position on this side to pi oerastinate action on
the bill unnecessarily. We have now arrived at
a point when I think we ought to adjourn. It is
a later hour than that at which we usually ad-
journ; and why should we on the first day that
we are debating this bill by clauses be coerccd to
a vote on the bill which, if taken to-night, must
prevent gentlemen fiom offering amendments
which they desire to be considered and acted on?
There is no disposition to procrastinate action on
this subject, and why, therefore, should gentle-
men press us ? You know well enough that this
bill is too important to be forced down our throats
and fastened upon the country without a full dis-
cussion of its various clau&es,and ample opportu-
nity to perfect it.
Mr, HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
theie has been a great disposition all round the
House to accommodate gentlemen who desire to
leave the city on business, which they consider
important to their constituents, but the gentler-
men who desire to go to Baltimore do not ask that
there shall be the slightest pause in the legislation
of the House for them. If this bill is not to be
vot.ed on to-night; ff gentlemen who are friends of
the bill and ansSous to have for it the votes of
those who desire to be absent to-morrow, and
perhaps the next day, are satisfied to have the pre-
vious question ordered to-night, that the vote may
be taken to-morrow, then I am frank to say that
that is not satisfactory to some gentlemen whose
wishes might as well be consulted. If it be pro-
Eosed that the committee shall sit through this
ill to-night, and that it shall be disposed of, that,
sir, is a tangible, practical proposition, to which
I will agree; but if the bill is to be pressed to-
night until the previous question is ordered, and
then we are to adjourn for the vote to-morrow, I
am, for one, in favor of the committee rising
now.
Mr. PHELPS. Submit that motion.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. If the opponents of
the bill will not consent that a certain time shall
be fixed for a vote on the bill, I trust that the
friends of the bill will continue to sit until we have
ordered the previous question on it, and placed it
in a condition where we can have an early vote
on it. There is no use of offering compromises
when gentlemen refuse to accept them all. If the
enemies of the bill will not consent to a fair com-
promise, then let us sit here until the bill is dis-
posed of.
Mr. REAGAN. We have considered the bill
by clauses until wc have long passed the usual
hour for the adjournment; and, in my judgment, if
we continue sitting until daylight to-morrow morn-
ing, we cannot, with any reasonable opportunity
for amendment and a consideration of the several
sections of the bill, more than get through with
the bill in committee. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Montgomery,] to be sure, urges
us to sit continuously until wc pass the bill. That
comes with bad grace from a gentleman who has
just returned to his seat after a two weeks'ab-
sence in Charleston, where he lias not attended to
his legislative duties. [Laughter.] Some of us
during those two weeks have been trying to do
all we could.
Mr. MONTGOMERY. Those of us who have
returned show how willing* we are to work after
a little rest.
Mr. REAGAN. A generous disposition was
manifested on the part of the Opposition when
members of the Democratic party were absent—
it is true that most of them were paired off—not
to force us to a vote on any question. It is now
suggested by the gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Harris! that some of the members of his party
in this House desire to be absent a few days at
Baltimore, and I think that they ought to have
that favor granted them. No public interest can
suffer by omitting to take the vote on this bill
until they shall have returned. I do not see any
necessity for departing from the ordinary course
and detaining members through the night in order
to hurry this measure through. There are other
questions quite as important which are not pro-
posed to be forced upon the House without due
consideration. I would not factiously oppose this
bill to prevent its passage. I know that it will
pass, and all I desire is that there shall be oppor-
tunity to amend and perfect it. I shall vote
against it-, but I want those who are opposed to
this bill to have an opportunity to offer such
amendments as^vill indicate their points of oppo-
sition, and present such views as they may rea-
sonably expect to present to sustain their opinions.
The question was taken upon Mr. Morse's
amendment, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the committee
do now rise.
Mr. STANTON. Permit me to make a sug-
gestion to the gentleman from Kentucky. I have
no idea that this bill can begone through with to-
night, and I do not propose to sit here and force
a night session for the purpose of going through
with it. But I sec no reason why we may not
sit here some two or three hours longer and pro-
gress with the bill as far as we can, and then
come here to-morrow and resume its considera-
tion. In that way we may possibly be able to
reach a vote on Thursday.
Mr. BURNETT. I have no disposition to
force the committee to rise, nor have I any dis-
position to interfere with the action of a majority
of the friends of this bill; but I am not willing to
have forced upon us the alternative of sitting here
all night, or having this bill voted upon to-night.
We are not ready for a vote,
Mr. SHERMAN. I must call the gentleman
to order.
Mr. BURNETT. I desire to §ay to the gen-
tleman from Ohio that, if it is ttnderstoodthat we
are not to have a vote upon this bill to-night, I
certainly have no objection to going on with its
consideration for a couple of hours.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Kentucky withdraw his motion?
Mr. BURNETT. I do not.
Mr. SINGLETON. I demand tellers upon the
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Branch and
Jones were appointed.
The committee di vided ;and the tellers reported—
ayes 56, noes 77.
So the committee refused to rise.
Mr. MORSE. I desire to ofFerone otheramend-
ment, to see if I cannot secure a change of this
bill in reference to the matter to which I directed
my previous effort. I move to amend line thirty-
eight, page 8, by striking out the word "fifty"
and inserting the word " one;" so that the duty
upon iron cables or chains and anchors shall be
$1 01 rather than §1 50 per hundred pounds. We
were told by the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that the importation of these articles was small,
and that it was a matter of small consequcnce.
I am told by several gentlemen around me that
these articles are already manufactured in this
country. If they arc now manufactured here, to
the extent they say, and the importation is small,
what is the use of the duty as a protection ? If we
are going on well as we are, what is the use of
doubling the duty? I would like to know upon
what principle you are going to sustain this im-
position? If we are going on well enough now,
and this duty is not for the protection of the man-
ufacturers of these articles, this duty must be sim-
ply for the purpose ofrevonue. But let me suggest
that in England there is not a single article which
enters into the construction of a ship which does
not go in free of duty. And they go further than
that; for when a ship is going on a foreign voyage,
they are permitted to take stores and provisions
from the warehouses free of duty. But here we are
imposing a duty upon articles* which enter into
the construction of our ships, while it is admit-
ted that the duty is unnecessary for the protection
of their manufacture, because they are now so ex-
tensively manufactured that very small quantities
are imported from abroad.
Let me also, now that I am upon the floor, ad-
vert to another thing, for fear that I may not have
an opportunity to do so when we reach it. This
bill discriminates against commerce, by putting a
duty of twenty dollars a ton upon Manilla hemp,
an article which is not, and never will be, raised
in this country; an article raised entirely in India.
The principle was started here that we do not
want to put a duty upon anyraw material which
cannot be produced m this country. Why, then,
do you propose to impose a large duty upon this
article ? What can be the object, unless it be for
revenue purposes ! It is a discrimination against
commerce;and ifl am present when we reach that
part of the bill, I shall move to strike out that pro-
vision . Let us rather imitate the foreign example
in this respect. Our navigating interest has to
contend directly almost with the most powerful
maritime nation on the globe—a nation which
neglccts 110 opportunity of encouraging her com-
merce in all possible ways. Sir, England has
now a larger mercantile tonnage than we have by
some 300,000 tons—hers being .5,539,154 tons,
while ours has not reached over 5,143,000 tons—
and is still encouraging its enlargement by taking
off every burden, while we are increasing the ob-
stacles in the way of a cheap construction of ships
by levying higher duties on every article but our
native timber and labor that goes into their con-
struction. We use large quantities of bar and
round iron in our ships, the duties on all of which
are raised by this bill. Every pound of the iron
UfSed m the construction and fitting out of ships
pays duties, some of it heavy duties; and now you
propose to levy a duty of twenty dollars per ton
on a raw material which enters largely into the
