1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
against the bill, in a letter, dated "Congress Hall,
March 2, 1820, three o'clock, at night,"speaking
of the Missouri compromise, said:
" It is considered here by the slavekolding Stales as a great
triumphs'
Mr. Benton, in his Thirty Years in the United
States Senate, says:
" This [the Missouri compromise] was the work of the
South, sustained by the united voice of Mr. Monroe's
Cabinet, the united voice of the ^authern Senators, and r
majority of the southern Representatives."
Mr. Monroe's Cabinet then consisted of John
Cluincy Adams, Secretary of State; John C. Cal-
houn, Secretary of War; William H. Crawford,
Secretary of the Treasury; Smith Thompson, Sec-
retary of the Navy; John McLean, Postmaster
General; and William Wirt, Attorney General.
No special pleading, no circumlocution of ar-
gument, no declamation can destroy or blot out
these facts. There they stand, and there they will
forever stand, as conclusive proof that the Mis-
souri compromise was a southern measure; the
*i work of the South," and a "great southern tri-
umph." The consideration received by the South
for the restriction, was paid down by the admis-
sion of Missouri as a slave State.
This leads to another inquiry. Has the South
stood by their own compromise, or violated it?
This question, too, shall be answered by stub-
born facts—facts which politicians neither North
or South can ever disprove. In the Senate, upon
the passage of the Kansas-Nebraska bill,tunefeen
southern Senators voted for it; two against it. In
the House, sixty-nine southern members voted for
it; and nine against it. And yet we are coolly
told, becausc a northern man introduced the bill,
it is a northern measure. It is true, members from
the free States voted for the bill; but, in doing it,
they outj-aged their constituents; who have, for
this very act, sent nearly every one of them to
their political graves, there to sleep that "sleep
which knows no waking." Will gentlemen from
the South stand up here and tell me that a bill
which commanded the votes of eighty-eight south-
ern men, with only eleven against it, was not a
southern measure ? If it be said Kansas and Ne-
braska will be eventually free States, my answer
is, no thanks to the South, for that,. I charge, then,
that the Missouri compromise was a southern
measure; and that the southern men went almost
cntiiely in a body for a violation of their own
compact—a compact to which they had made
themselves a party.
5. My nextcharge against the South is, that, after
it had broken down the Missouri restriction,under
the pretense that the people of a Territory were,
by the Kansas-Nebraska bill, to be "left perfectly
free to form and regulate their own domestic in-
stitutions in thoirown way, "it undertook to force
slavery into Kansas, first by violence, and sec-
ondly by fraud.
The first election held in Kansas was on the
29th day of November, 1854. The polls were
taken forcible possession of by a horde of armed
ruffians from the slave Stated and, out of 2,258
votes cast for General Whitfield, the Democratic
candidate for Congress, 1,729 were thrown by
those lawless invaders. These facts appear in the
report of a committee of the-Thirty-Fourth Con-
giess, sent out by the House to investigate these
frauds. (See House Document No. 200, first ses-
sion Thirty-Fourth Congress.)
In January and February, 1855, a census of the
inhabitants of the Territory was taken, by order
of the Governor; and 2,905 men were found, by
this census, qualified to vote for members of a
Territorial Legislature. On the 30th of March, of
tha same year, an election for members of a Ter-
ritorial Legislature was holden. At this election
another armed foray was made into the Terri-
tory, and 0,309 votes were returned as cast. A
subsequent investigation proved only 1,410 legal
votes thrown; leaving 4,900 illegal votes cast by
ruffian invaders.
The Territorial Legislature chosen at this worse
than mock election, passed the infamous" Kansas
code,"a compilation of laws worse than the code
of Draco This illegitimate Legislature passed
an act providing that in October, 1856, the people
should vote whether a constitutional convention
should be called or not. The bona fide citizens
of the Territory spurned the act of these " usurp-
ers," and refused-to participate in the election.
A few tools of the Administration voted; and the
bogus Legislature, on the 19th of February, 1857,
passed an act providing for the election of dele-
gates to frame a State constitution. The law pro-
viding for the convention and election of delegates
required a census to be taken,and the votes regis-
tered, in the thirty-four counties recognized as
election districts. Ill nineteen of these thirty-four
counties there was no census taken; and in fifteen
of the thirty-four there was no registry of votes.
Governor tValker, in his letter of resignation,
says these fifteen disfranchised countics contained
more voters than were cast in the whole Territory
at this election. Th'is election was a mockery;
and the main body of the free-State men very
properly refused to have anything to do with it.
Subsequently, the people of Kansas, at their
territorial election in October, 1857, achieved an
overwhelming free-State victory. Jlfter this, the
convention of" usurpers"assembled, and framed
the atrocious " Lecompton constitution." These
" usurpers" did not dare to submit this constitu-
tion to a fair vote of the people, for they knew
they would spurn it: so they provided that " no
alteration should be made to affect the right of
property in the ownership of slaves, until after
1864;" and then provided, in the schedule, that it
should be submitted to the people, and the ballots
should contain, "/or the constitution with sla-
very, or, for th*e constitution without slavery."
At the election on the 21st of December, 1857,
the pro-slavery clause was voted into this con-
stitution by illegal votes and false returns. These
frauds were investigated by the Governor of the
Territory, and it was shown that at Oxford, where
there were but forty-two votes all told, over one
thousand votes were returned. At Shawnee, where
there were but forty legal votes, twelve hundred
votes were returned; and from Delaware Crossing,
which had only forty-three legal votes, four hun-
dred votes were returned. I have not stopped to
even glance at cities sacked, peaceable citizens
murdered in cool blood, public highways lined
with assassins and robbers—burglaries, arson, and
other crimes, committed by border-ruffian raids
into Kansas—but have briefly given an authentic
history of pro-slavery violence and fraud at the
ballot-box, up to the time the Lecompton swindle
was sent to Congress by James Buchanan.
Well knowing these facts, the President of the
United States noLj>nly sent this constitution to
Congress, with n message urging its adoption, but
exerted the whole power and patronage of his ad-
ministration to force it through Congress. Is proof
demanded ? Let me call attention to some remarks
made in this House by an honorable member from
New Jersey, who was also a member of the last
Congress: I mean Mr. Adrain. He said:
"During the Lecompton controversy, I was approached
in such a manner as shows corruption on the part of the
■AdministutUon. If I had given my support to the Lecomp-
ton policy, I was assured that f could secure a foreign ap-
pohumeiitfor one moist near and dear to me."—Daily Globe
of December 13.
This is but a solitary case, among many others.
No greater outrage was ever attempted to be per-
petrated upon the people of the free States; and
yet it was most emphatically a southern measure.
Here is the proof: in the Senate, every southern
member, with two exceptions, voted for the bill;
and in the House, the entire South, with seven
exceptions, supported the measure.
The measure finally assumed the shape of the
English bill; went to the people of Kansas, and
was by them rejected with scorn and con tempt by
more than ten thousand majority.
This is a "specimen article" of Democratic
popular sovereignty. 1 leave the country to make
further comments.
6 The South have undertaken to drive free labor
from the Territories by forceof judicial construc-
tion.
I here refer to the Drcd Scott decision, in
which a. majority of the court have traveled out
of the record to overturn the well-settled opinions
of a greatmajority of American jurists and states-
men, agreed to and acquiesced in in all parts of
the country for more than sixty years. When a
majority of the judges decided Dred Scott was not
a citizen of the United States, and was not right-
fully in court, it was an end of the case. But
when they undertook to travel out of the record
and give opinions involving questions not legally
before them, their opinions have no binding force
upon the people of the country. The able and
conclusive opinions of Justices McLean and Cur-
tis, upon the question of congressional interven-
tion in the Territories, are entitled to equal re-
spect with those of, a majority of the court.
Great political questions, involving matters of
national policy, are for the people, and not the Su-
preme Court. The alien and sedition laws of
John Adams's day were by the,court decided con-
stitutional, and so was a national bank; but the
people rebuked thisattempted abridgment of their
rights by the court, and overruled their decisions.
James Buchanan entertained and expressed the
same opinions now entertained by the Republican
party upon this question, in 1841. On the 7th of
July, of that year, he made a speech in the United
States Senate on the bank question. Speaking of
the fact that the United States Court had decided
a national bank constitutional, he said:
"Now, if it were not unparliamentary language,and if I
did not desire to treat all my Mends on this [Whig] side of
the House with the respect which I feel for them, I would
say that the idea of the question having been settled so as
to bind the consciences of members ol Congress when vot-
ing on the present bill, is ridiculous arfd absurd. If all the
judges and all the lawyers in Chustendom had decided in
the affirmative, when the question is thus brought home to
me as a legislator, bound to vote for$r against a new char-
ter, upon oath to support the Constitution, I must exeicise
my own judgment. 1 would treat with piofound respect the
arguments and opinions of judges and constitutional law-
yers ; but if, after all, tliey fail to convince me that the law
was constitutional, I should be guilt} oi'peijury bel'oie high
Heaven if I voted in its favor.
" But even if the judiciary had settled the question, I
should never hold myself bound by their decision while act-
ing in a legislative character. Unlike the Senator fiom
' Massachusetts, [Mr. Bates,] Tshall never consent to place the
i liberties of the people in the hands of any judicial tribunal."
I Now, this same James Buchanan stultifies liim-
! self; allows the South to hack him down from the
i tenable position he occupied in 1841; takes the
j back track, and declares this same Supreme Court
1 has " made a final settlement of the slavery ques-
j tion in the Territories, "that "neither Congress nor
a Territorial Legislature, nor any human power,
can annul or impair;" and yet, because the people
refuse to follow him into the very sewers of abso-
lute construction, judicial despotism, and tyranny,
the Presidentinsults their honesty and intelligence,
by denouncing them as traitors and fanatics.
The obiter dictum of the court in the Dred Scott
case, relative to congressional sovereignty over
the Territories, has been caught up by the South,
' and an attempt made by Democratic politicians to
give it the authority oflaw. This is an assump-
tion against right; ademand set up against the
people of the North without authority. The peo-
ple of the North were neither parties nor privies
m the Dred Scott case, and hence they are not
estopped from contesting the usurpations set up
against them by the court. The sequence grow-
ingout of these premises cannot bemisundeistoocl.
This attempt to plant slavery upon free soil, and
spread it over every foot of territory outside of
State lilies", merely because five men have under-
taken to say so, in a matter not legally before
them, is a most unwarrantable aggression against
the people of the free States, it is such an un-
justifiable encroachment upon the rights of the
free laboring millions of this country as they never
will submit to. Iris a narrow-minded sectional
policy, which can never be made national in the
Union or out of it. It is a demand made by loss
than half a million slaveholders to monopolize
more than one million square miles of territory, to
the exclusion of twenty-six million freemen,
who have no interest in slave property. It is a
monstrous aggression, and one that should be met
and repelled at every hazard, and without regard
to consequences.
7. The South, although numerically less by one
half than the North, claim the exclusive control of
the General Government. Men of the South,es-
pecially her politicians, seem to have got an idea
into their heads that they are born to rule and the
people the ./free States are born to obey. It
is the boast of the slaveholders that they have ruled
and governed this country from its infancy. Listen
to what a distinguished Senator from South Car-
olina [Mr. Hammond] said in a speech in*the Uni-
ted States Senate, March 4, 1858:
"The Senator from New York [Mr. Seward] says that
you intend to take the Government from us, that it will pas a
from our hands. Perhaps what he sajs is Hue—it may be ;
but do not forget, it can never be forgotten, it is written on
the bughtest page of human history, that we, the slave-
