1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
198B
rigging of ships, not one pound of which is pro-
duced in Qurown country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say that we have
raised the duty upon anchors only three mills, and
I do not think that sum is unreasonable, nor do I
think it will tend to depress the shipping interest.
As I said .before, I think it is important for the
safety of our vessels that their anchors and cables
should be made of American iron, which is of
much stouter fiber than foreign iron.
While I arn upon the floor I desire to say a
single word in reply to a remark which fell from
the gentleman from Virginia about our raising
the duty upon sheet, bar, boiler, and railroad
iron. I have here a table showing the amount of
duties paid upon those articles under the tariffs of
1846 and 1857. Under the tariff of 1857, the duty
upon iron in bars was $12 10 per ton. During
the years 1856 and 1857, the average duty was
$15 30 per ton. On railroad iron it was $12 40
per ton. On sheet iron it was eight mills on the
pound. Under this bill we propose a duty of §25
per ton on sheet iron under the gauge of 20,
which is the article mostly used in this country.
Therefore we have raised the duty in a very in-
considerable degree.
~ The amendment ofMr. Morse wasnot agreed to.
Mr. HOARD. I desire to offer an amendment.
I propose to reduce the duty on sheet iron from
twenty to fifteen per cent. And first, I desire to
call the attention of the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] to a clerical error in the bill. If
he will look at this bill, he will find, on the fifty-
fourth line, the word " thicker," while it should
be " thinner." Now, sir, this duty on sheet iron
—the second class of sheet iron, black iron—may
be as high as 45 per cent. I do not know what
portion of the Russian iron is sheet iron. This
black iron, under gauge 20, is bought in England
for a shadow more or less than two cents a pound
—from two to two and a quarter cents a pound.
I know this, because 1 bought it myself several
times; and I tell the gentleman from Vermont that
his proposed duty upon it is monstrous. I do not
think that there is any considerable amount of
this iron produced in the United States, and there-
fore it docs not need such protection. In Albany
I bought it for three cents per pound, duty and
all paid. Now I cannot see why 40 or 50 per cent,
should be placed on iron, and I should like the gen-
tleman to answer why such a duty is proposed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JONES. I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
The question was taken upon Mr. Hoard's
amendment; which was not agreed to.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. I move to
amend the eighth section by striking out from the
eighteenth line the word "fifty,"and inserting, m
lieu thereof, "one dollar;" so that it will read:
On zinc, spelter, or teutcnegue, unmanufactured, in
blocks or pigs, one dollar per one liundied pounds.
And also in the twentieth lino, by adding after
the word "one," the word "half;" so that it will
read: !
On zinc, spelter, or teutenegue, in sheets, one and a j
half cent per pound. j
Mr. Chairman, about the only interest in "Wis- j
consin, taken notice of in this bill, is that ot lead,
zinc, and copper. To be sure, the gentleman from j
Vermonthas reported in favor of protecting wheat,
corn, &c., which I believe we have not asked or
desired protection on. But the article of zinc we do
desire to see protected. It is a new business en-
tirely with us. We hnve in Wisconsin the finest
zinc mines that are to be found, perhaps, in the
world. But it is a new business with us, and re-
quires considerable capital to develop it. The
business of developing it has just commenced,
and it is alleged by those engaged in it, that it is
necessary they should have 'some protection. It
is proposed in this bill to protect them by a duty
of one cent per pound upon sheet zinc, which is
equivalent to about eight per cent, ad valorem. If
my amendment was adopted, making it one and
a half cent, that would be equivalent to sixteen
per cent, ad vahrrm. Even that is too low. It
should be twenty-live per cent, ad valorem, or
about two cents a pound.
But I will not propose a higher rate of duty
than one and a half cent a pound. My impres-
sion is that with that rate of duty we could make
the manufacture of zinc a profitable business. I he
zinc mines of the country should and ought to
produce all the zinc consumed here. I understand
that considerable zinc has commenced to be made
in Pennsylvania and New Jersey, and that they
also desire an additional rate of duty.
We have but one smelting furnace engaged in
manufacturing metallic zinc, and that has been but
recently put in operation. The want of scientific
knowledge as to the manner of smelting zinc is
what has heretofore prevented it from beingprofit-
ably manufactured in this country—that and the
want of protection. Ail intelligent German has
gone into the business, and he is quite confident
that, with the protection asked for here, it can be
made a profitable business.
Mr. MILLSON. I do not know, Mr. Chair-
man, that I have any objection to the amendment
proposed by the gentleman, although I am sur-
prised to hear him say that the present tariff does
not give adequate protection. It is placed on the
ground of a raw material. Well, I afri opposed
to the exemption of raw materials from the pay-
ment of duty, and therefore I have not made any
objection to the increase proposed. But I suggest
to the gentleman that, accordmgto my calculation,
the bill proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means will increase the duty upon zinc about
two or three hundred per ccnt.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Wisconsin. It almost
doubles the duty. The present duty on zinc is
about four per cent.
Mr. MILLSON. It rather more than doubles
the present duty, and the gentleman proposes to
quadruple it. It is a small item, and I only advert
to it for the reason 
Mr. WA.SHBURN, of Wisconsin. The duty
at present is merely nominal. The duty I pro-
pose is not extravagant—only sixteen per cent.
Mr. MILLSON. I have no objection to it.
The question tfas taken on Mr. Washburn's
amendment; and it was agreed to.
Mr. STANTON. I want to understand the
condition of things here. We are now moving
amendments to the original bill. The Committee
of Ways and Means has pioposed a substitute,
which the gentleman from Vermont will offer.
Now, when we have gone through the original
bill, and agreed to such amendments as we want,
the Committee of Ways and Means will intro-
duce their substitute, and avoid every one of these
amendments, so that the work here is utter non-
sense. I would suggest, tn gentlemen on the
other side whether it would not be better to take
up the amendment proposed by "the gentleman
from Vermont, and let us proceed to consider it.
I am in favor of the amendments to the bill, and
do not want to be humbugged by having those
amendments agreed to now? and then adopting
the substitute, cutting out all the amendments. I
would like to know whether, by unanimous con-
sent, we could not take up the substitute of the
gentleman fiom Vermont.
" Mr. VALLAND1GHAM. The only objec-
tion to that is, as was stated this morning, that
the bill is not in our hands.
Mr. STANTON. Well, then, our labor goes
for nothing.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
business will proceed in order.
The CHAIRMAN. This discussion is not in
order.
Mr. STANTON. I do not see that anything
is to be gamed in this way. If gentlemen 011 the
other side do not choose to take up the amend-
ments, I do not see what we shall gain by our
labor. I propose, therefore, that the committee
now rise. Will any gentleman tell me what we
would gain by spending three days in amending
the bill, and then having another bill, without
those amendments, substituted for it?
Several Members. Nothing at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means will have got the
sense of the Committee of the Whole upon the
various propositions.
Mr. STANTON. Yes; and then the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means can do just^ what they
please with the sense of the Committee of the
Whole.
Air. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would sup-
pose the Committee of Ways and Means would
adopt the views of this committee. 1 think we
are getting along very well.
Mr. STANTON. If the gen tleman from V er-
mont will state that I10 will adopt in his substitute
the amendments which are agreed to in commit-
tee to this bill, that will be a satisfactory manner
of getting along with the matter; but I confess
that, if such is not to be the fact, I have no fancy
for spending two or three days in perfecting this
.bill, which is to be replaced then by another bill,
in which all of our work will be lost. IT would
be a perfectly idle business
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 take it for granted that
the Committee of Ways and Means will not dis-
regard the will of this committee in the amend-
ments they may indicate, when the substitute
comes to be determined, or after we shall have
gone through with this bill. But, in order to ob-
viate all difficulty, I propose again that we shall
take up the substitute proposed by Mr. Morrill,
and consider it as the original bill. So far as I
know, there arc no changes made in the original
bill by the substitute of the gentleman from Ver-
mont, up to the point which we have now reached.
I suggest, therefore, it will be more satisfactory
to take the substitute, and consider it from this
point as the original bill.
Mr. BRANCH. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio if the substitute has been printed ?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is simply the original
bill with a few alterations, many of them merely
verbal.
Mr. BRANCH. The gentleman must see that
it is utterly impossilje for us to go on with the
consideration of suchabili as this without printed,
copies in our hands. I think, therefore, it would
be much better to allow it to go over until to-mor-
row. In the mqfin time the substitute may be
printed, and may then be considered in place of
the original bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Ver-
mont will make his bill conform in every respect
to the bill as amended by us, we can then adopt
his substitute after we shall have gone through
with this bill. I think that will be the best way
to get along with the matter.
Mr. STANTON. Vfery well. That will be
satisfactory to me.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state that in the sub-
stitute 1 have proposed there are many amend-
ments before the point of the bill w^are now con-
sidering. Many of them are merely verbal, while
others are important. I will state further that,
while so far as 1 am concerned, I should regard
the action of this committee in the amendments it
has made, in so modifying my substitute as to
make it conform, as far as my judgment will per-
mit, to such action as may be had; yet I will not
hold myself bound to incorporate all the amend-
ments which have been made here, for some of
them do not meet my approval.
Mr. STANTON. Then I would again appeal
to the committee to take the substitute of the gen-
tleman from Vermont, and modify it so far to
make it conform to our action, and then consider
it instead of the original bill.
Mr. GARTRELL. I would suggest that that
arrangement can be better made in the morning.
It is now after five 0'clock,°and I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. 1 move to amend,
in the tenth line, by striking out all that relates
to flaxseed and linseed, and inserting as follows:
On flaxseed,sometimes calledlinseed, twenty per eentutn
ad valorem.
I offer that amendment, not as a matter of form,
but in good faith, for the purpose of commanding
the assent of the committee. Flaxseed, or lin-
seed oil is, in this bill, rated at sixteen cents pet-
gallon. A bushel of flaxseed, or linseed, will
make about two gallons of oil. I have praposod
' all ad valorem duly because I prefer it ill that form,
and because I believe it is preferred by those m
whose behalf I speak. There is 110 difficulty, if
, the duty is fixed at sixteen cents per gallon on
| the oil, to fix a certain sum per bushel upon the
linseed to correspond, as was suggested by the
! chairman of-the Committee of Ways and Means.
Having discussed tins subject at some length
more than a year ago, I do not now propose to
renew it. I believe that under the act of 1857, the
article of flaxseed was subjcct to a duty of fifteen
per cent, ad valaem. Some two or three months
j since, I addressed a letter to the Secretary of the
j Treasury, directing his attention to the point of
! construction upon which I asked his decision; and
I as that communication will serve to illustrate some
! of the provisions of the present bill, I propose to
