1984
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8.
have that communication read as a part of my re-
marks. Undc-r the law of 1857, with a very great
loss of revenue, linseed and flaxseed have been
admitted duty free, notwithstanding the fact that
under one of the different designations for the
same article, it was hy that act subjected to a duty
of fifteen per cent. I propose now to fix the duty
at twenty per cent., which is the rate fixed by the
tariff' of 1846.
The communication was read, as follows:
House of Representatives, Washington. D. C.,
February 24, I860.
Sir: I have the honor to represent a district winch is
largely interested in the pioduction of flaxseed, as also
in its manufacture into oil. The State of Ohio, and sev-
eral of the adjoining States, arc equally conccrncd m both.
I be«r leave, therefore, to call join attention to a gio^s in-
equity in the practical construing of the tariff act of 1857,
and one winch bears heavily upon the inteiesi of those
whom X represent, especially as between them and the
eastern manufacturers.
The third section of the act of March '3, 1857, schedule
ce I," enumerate* anion? the lVcc aitiele^, u Unseed, but
not embracing flax." Referring to this provision on the
24th of Februaiy, 1859, in the House of llepiesentatives.
I said:
" 1 do not know, <-ir, by whose fault it happened, but so
it is that a distinction is made m the act ot 1857 between
linseed and flaxseed. The language of the schedule is
'linseed, but not embracing flaxseed, free.' Now, sir,
there is not a practical ajmeultuii.st who does not know;
there is not a piofessor of theoietical, scientific agriculture,
who ought not to know; tlicie is not, J ventuie to afiiim, a
mem (km even of that assemblage of ugricultmal sarans who
convened m this eitv the other day, under the auspices of
the Commifsioner of Patent*;, who is ignoiant that linseed
and flax&eed are piicheiy one and the >ame thing Jt is
so m every lexicon and in ovciy cyclopedia. It is vo in
your " Coimncioe and Navigation," ami in your finance
repoits; and u was so regaided in the eailier taiilfs. Lm-
teetl is tim semen—the seed of linear; find the result has
been that eveiy bushel of flaxseed is admitted duty fiec."
A distinction, as is said, is pieteruled among importers
(doubtless for the veiy put post of evading a duty) between
linseed and llavsced ; but no diflerenee, in faet,exists, and
then* ought to he none inlaw. The same blunder,orwhat-
ever el-e it may be, oecuricd, ami lor the fust tune, in the
tariff net of lb 10— Indeed" being rated at ten per cent.,
and " ilavseed" at twenu ; hut the Secietaiyof tbeTieas
my lefuscd then to uvoguue aitj distinction, and no u lin-
seed"' ,11 ten pel cent, u,is evet impoited. Notions* but
u flaxseed,*' in p!:un F/nnhsh, wa*. entered ; and it paid a
dim ot t\vont\ pei cent while that tariff continued in force.
Hut utulei the act ot 1^37,u linseed, not embiaemg flax-
seed," being deelaied duty liee, very strangely no pt ovi.- ion
is made in a separate seliedule foi flaxseed, whieii is so
carefully distinguished from linseed. There is no leeipio-
oiiy—no " flaxseed, but not embiaemg linseed."' And the
result has been th.it  u//n>r, with tin: exception hereafter
noted, has paid a dollai ot duty since.
The consequent loss ot icvehuc to the Government has
been «ieau Upon this subject, in the lcmarks above le-
feued to, I said :
"• Here, then, is a heavy loss of levenue, and an unjust
dlscuminaiiou'uiso against an aitiele in which the people
of Ohio and of the Miami x alley sue, above all othei in-
terested 'i'he sum tolal of flawed, oi linseed, laised m
the United States in IK>h wai f>;)J.:M7 bushel-. Of this,
Ohio alone pi od need ]!-s,UlH), oi moie th.'ii one thud of the
whole amount. Altei hoi, in the tnble, Kentucky sj;\u(]h
nc\t; and alter hei, New Voile and V.i i:na; but Ohio
equals all thiee. 'Pile ([uatilih has n<> doubt ineie.wd
Muce, Ohio still letaiunig her piomnmenee. And Indiana
now is aho largely lnleiostcd in the ai ticle. Hut the de-
mand is much greater than tin* home supplv, which ts not
great , because |l.t\ i-, an exhau^tim* nop, .mil nevei will
l>e extensively cultivated unless it commands a hbeial
price. Aceoulnigly,the import.ition oi Hawed dm.ngthe
fiscal yeai endum lit IcvS, amounted to I, a shrill
increase.—•« S0,0'J0—upon the impoir-'<>f IWh Cndorthe
tanffol iSli), flaxseed \\ :is Kited iitiwrim pei cent., ami
flic duly in IK57 amounted to .^dUD^Ul N); .md, had il ie-
mained at the same iaie, it would h«i\c welded a levcuuc
last yesti ol ^r>lS,00i)."
The importation or' lin-ced" duly fiee dm ing the \<'ai
ending J line 3-), lstVJ, amounted to j,-ll ;"),* {. 5 AI twenty pei
cent, tin- duty upon tin ■ sum x\ ould have been P IJ.U Id G!>,
or neaily ; suul ai lille.'ii pel cent, ituouid ha\e
yielded -Q Dm inglhe sane- fiscal > cat, a - appeals
fioni *• Coinmeicc and \avi«£.niou,'' lc\">l>, p.i^e 5291, «nme
iiorn'st or unhu tusiate i/entleiiMU seems t<> inve unpolled
two lnindied and sexentv h\e pounds ot •• !ia\-eed." In
that name, \ altied aiv 5ii) Ih.uiiitn h as the impoiialion
was in a '£ Ibieiyn \0s-,c|." < videntlv ti was | \ -ome o-ie
unacquainted with Ameuean tami's oi the Iwj'^1 i^h lan-
guage., The revenue denv ed liom this hug" and hour st un
poitaiion (at iilteen pei cent, I picMiiue,) was jim ^7! ,M.
Now, the point uhnii Jdesiie |o pies-nt is this the
first section oi the «u t of Jt.57 pt ovules ih.t' '■ all ai tide* so
impoited sis aioie«.md. and not enumeiated in the s.i'd
schedules, not iu schedule i," sludi p.ij a dun ot fifteen
pei centuui."
Flaxseed i> expressly excepted fioni the fiee h-t, and at
the &ame time is not enumeiated in anv of the srhednh's
among the dutv-paying aitieie^. Con -equently, it it> sub
ject to aduty oi fit teen per cent.; and insismuch as all u lin-
seed, " so called, i^ leally '• flaxseed," I ask that the same
interpretation may be given m this particular to the act of
1^57, as to the act of lyift, and that insttuetmns be issued
to the proper revenue ofheers to collect fifteen pei cent,
upon all the '-seed of flax-' impoited.
C. L VAl.LANDlGIlAM.
Iloi). IIowtll Com;, Scneta} y oj the Treasury.
Air. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
express a strong- hope that this amendment will
be rejected- I represent, perhaps, as many oil
mills as any man upon this floor. We require
far more flaxseed than this country at the pres-
ent time produces. Not more than one fourth,
probably not one fifth, of the amount annually
consumed is produced in this country.
We produced, by the census of 1850, in that
year, 562,312 bushels, and I feel sure the crop
has not much increased since, as the importations
have largely increased, and the crop for last year,
I do not think can have been over 500,000 bush-
els. For the same year (1859) we imported over
2,400,000 bushels of linseed, and over 1,000,000
gallons of linseed oil, although the latter paid a
duty, while the former was free. A duty upon
flaxseed, therefore, cannot be of benefit to the
farmer. Instead of coming here as linseed, it will
be imported as linseed oil. England has far greater
advantages in this matter than we have, because
of her intimate connection with the Indies.
If we did not have to send the oil cakes back to
England for a market, then wc might get along
better. The oil cake sells for about §35 a ton;
and a bushel makes about forty pounds, which
causes a loss in freight equal to the cost of crush-
ing the seed. We propose to protect the farmer
by encouraging a demand for the fiber, the lint,
now thi own away, and by far the most valuable
part of the crop; but m regard to linseed, it is
entirely useless to impose any higher duty. It
takes one hundred ships to bring the 2,400,000
bushels I have indicated to this country. These
ships arc of as much or more value than all of the
oil mills of the United States. Drive these outof
employment, and you wilt not even then add at
all to the business of the oil mills. I am unwill-
ing to do anything which would injure the capital
or labor of any section of the country, and es-
pecially to injure any where it will notbenefitany
other interest.
Mr. PENDLETON. I move to amend my
colleague's "amendment by strikingoutu twenty/'
and inserting" twenty-four." Isend to the Clerk's
table to be lead, as my argument on this subject,
a memorial which I have received from a number
of the most intelligent of my constituents, who
are largely interested in this subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Dcing infoimed that the aitiele of flaxseed and Unseed
has been placed upon the new tarnl'bill, at eiglu cents per
bushel dutv, as lepoited by the Committee of Ways? and
Means, we think it quite pioper to give you our views in
brief upon fho subject.
The yiowimr of flaxseed, otherwise known as linseed, in
the western States, has been quite an impoitant item; and
as the ml made fiom the seed has laigely eeuteicd heie foi
distribution to all p:n ts of the countrj, we feel quite an in-
leie.st in having a piopei piotection placed ovei it. Cin-
cinnati lias been a lamei market lor the sale of linseed oil
madrj fiom fl i\oecd jrunvn m this eountiy than any other
point in lln  Knifed States, and utidcrajiLst duty would be-
come much cjieatei; bfft if the foieign linseed is allowed to
nunc in <it the low rate ol eighteenth pel bu>hel, it will not
be lrm«? until Cincinnati and the West will depend entirely
upon the Atlantic cities for linseed oil, inasmuch as the
tai mers cannot grow the .seed to compete with the imported
linseed. Should a duty of twenty <>i twenty-five ccnt>pej
bushel be imposed, which, in our opinion, would be just
and reasonable to ;tll parts of our country, flaxseed would
be gtown, and a huge im-unes*. piomoted in the West. If,
however, it i-> allowed to come in at ;i low late, the icsult
would be that in a shoit time it would cease to bo a eiop
gum n in the West, oi, indeed, any paitof this country;
and eastci n nmnutai tuu-is ot'oil would have the monopoly
they seek, compelling the deahus and eonauinets in the
West to pay a huge meieaso of puce.
A duty oi twenty pei cent. aJ valoicm was levied under
the taiJfof Jtf 16, umb'i which piotection an animal in-
ciease o! >ccd was sown in the western States, and many
nulls elected, until the amount laised m Ohio alone in 18.")6,
w u> about one million bushel*., as nuu h inoic w as grown
iu other western States—say Indiana, Kentucky, Tennes-
see, Mi«,souu, and Illinois.
liy the laid* of UJ.)7 it was the intention of Congress to
give a dut) of fifteen per cent, on flaxseed; but for some
je.uson lion. Mi. Cobb has eonsiiued the law of 18T>7 to. ad-
mit linseed, oi flaxseed, duty ftee, which has already'had
the eflcct oi ieducing thoamountot seed sown largely,arid
would soon be an uidclc notgrown by our\ves,tcin tanneis
under such construction.
J A ^ our Representatives, we have thought proper to wiite.
I \ou, and we hope you will icgard it a.s a matter of impoit-
i ance to the western farmei, the western manufactuier,
i and the western ciiiMimei.
I Caniield & MoH'iu, James Andrews,
1 Minor Aiuhenw, P. Hammai & Co ,
j Uai.lhit, Good & Co., Gtove it Penney,
; l>tnd-sal &, liio., IIirks, Poitcr & Co.,
| II. Uaitlet St Co., RobeitMooie,
j Spining &. Brown, Meader & Co.,
' Spimger & Whiteman, Knisv, Hinder St Co.,
| fkimund Dexter & Sons, James Got don 6c Co.,
James A. Fiazer, Stiaisrht, Dennig &, Co.,
lliown. Stout & Butler.
Cincinnati, Apnl 28, Is60.
Mr. STANTON. My colleague has thought
proper to move an ad valorem instead of a specific
duty. I am not satisfied that it is precisely tho
proper rate. I think it desirable that we should
not exceed the proper rate of duty; quite as much
so indeed as that we should have a sufficientduty.
I desire to call the attention of the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to one consideration in
connection with this subject. Up to 1857, the
farmers had a duty of fifteen per cent, upon flax-
seed.
A Member. Twenty per cent.
Mr. STANTON. I am told, twenty per cent.
They had also a duty of thirty per cent, on the
oil. -By some hocus-pocus or other, by accident
or design, the tarifF of 1857 has been so con-
strued, that they lose the duty on both. It is
proposed, by the tariff of 1857, to levy a duty of
fifteen percent, upon linseed or flaxseed. There
is no other thing which came within the descrip-
tion of flaxseed; and, notwithstanding, that it
was the understanding that that duty of fifteen
per cent, should be imposed, yet the Secretary of
the Treasury gives the law a construction by
which flaxseed is placed upon the free list. I sub-
mit to gentlemen, that these strange accidents,
which result under the action of the tariff of 1857,
to the prejudice of agriculture, and for the benefit
of the manufacture, are not having a wholesome
effect upon the opinions of those who arc willing
to grant protection all round.
I will not vote for the protection of my col-
league, because I do not like the form of it. If it
be voted down, I propose that we shall impose a
specificduty of sixteen cents a bushel. That will
put it precisely where the tariff of 1857 intended
to put it. It will put one half the amount of duty
upon the raw agricultural product that is levied
by this same bill upon the manufactured com-
modity. I submit, whether it is wise or whether
anything is to he made out of it, that, hy some
sort of contrivance or accident, we are deprived
of the duty which, upon the face of our legis-
lation, was really promised. The law of 1857
plainly intended to levy a duty of fifteen percent.,
and I want in this, as well as in other cases, to
have the duty that was promised. If the amend-
ment of my colleague be voted down, I will move
that a specific duty of sixteen per cent, shall be
imposed upon flaxseed. I shall offer the amend-
ment in earnest, and not as a matter of form.
Mr. Pevdj.f.ton's amendment was rejected.
Mr. PETTIT. I wish to know whether the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Vallandigham] is now open to amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. PETTIT. Then I move the proposition
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton;] and
instead of twenty cents, as proposed by him, I
propose a specific duty of twenty-four cents per
bushel, instead of twenty per cent, ad volorem, as
proposed by his colleague, [Mr. Vallandigham.]
If I understand the argument of the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] it seems that he
would have this farming interest subjected to the
shipping interest engaged in importing foreign
flaxseed into this country. 1 beg to call the at-
tention of the members of the Committee of Ways
and Means who reported this bill to the fact that
it only imposes a duty of four per cent, upon the
value of the imported article. Flaxseed and lin-
seed, though treated in the customs report, and
in the tariff act of 1857, as different things, are
identical, as has been already mentioned.
The ad valorem valuation of flaxseed and lin-
j seed, upon which duty has been paid heretofore,
j was two dollars a bushel. The duty under this
i bill amounts, then, to four per cent, only, a low
rate of duty, applied to almost the only produc-
tion of the farm that is named in the bill as a
proper subject of piotection, unexampled in tho
rate proposed on any other interest named in the
bill. I would like to know why the protection
' on this interest is so limited ? If protection be the
j object, then why is it that this interest, of no in-
significant importance, shall receive but a small
share of the protection extended to other interests
—a plausible protection, which is only a snare;
and which affords it no substantial advantage?
The quantity of linseed reported as having been
admitted during the last year, reaches $2,415,243
in \ tilue. The quantity oflmseed oil was $G95,172.
It becomes, consequently, to the pcfoplc of the dis-
tricts engaged in growing flax, already a large and
increasing staple applied already to infinite uses,
and likely to become a new and important means
of wealth and industry, that this interest should
