THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18.
Mr. TOOMBS. An appropriation bill is a law.
Mr. SIMMONS. I aslc, was in an appropria-
tion bill, or a proposition for a law ?
Mr. TOOMBS. A proposition for a law? They
only voted for it; that is all?
Mr. SIMMONS. It has not been voted on here.
Mr. TOOMBS. No; it has not.
Mr. SIMMONS. Does that appropriate any-
thing?
Mr. TOOMBS. No, sir; not until it passes.
It only needs a majority hero, such as they have
had there, to pass it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to know if the
Senator knows who voted for it in the House.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; I have looked at
it. The Urge majority of the Democratic party
voted against it, and it was carried by Republican
power over their heads. I do not deny that it re-
ceived a few Democratic votes; they are entitled
to equal censure, and I am quite sure I should
rejoice in the defeat of all such. I do not screen
men because they belong; to any political party.
The only difference is this: that all that are hon-
estly for retrenching, as a general rule—I will not
say of individual men—are Democrats; and the
great body of those who are for excessive expend-
itures are Republicans. That isthe difference be-
tween them, and it is a very important difference.
The Senator talked to us about the Democratic
party having a majority in the last Congress. He
spoke about electing Mr. Orr. Does ho not know
that the treachery of the anti-Lecompton Demo-
crats, .sometimes called by another name, threw
the majority into your own hands?
Mr. SIMMONS. Does the Senator allude to
me ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; you said that the
Democratic party was the majority there at the
last Congress. They were not. They opened
the Congress with a majority, but the treachery
of the anti-Lecompton Democrats threw them in
a minority before the end of the session.
Mr. SIMMONS. What did I say about elect-
ing Mr. Orr ?
Mr. TOOMBS. You said that the last House
of Representatives was Democratic, and that Mr.
Orr was Speaker. #
Mr. SIMMONS. I said that. .
Mr. TOOMBS. I admit it; but I put in a plea
in avoidance that, before the end o'f the session, by
the treachery of the anti-Lecompton Democrats,
you had a majority. The Senator stated a fact
which I am not contesting; but omitted to state
another fact necessaiy to qualify it. Everybody
knows that we had no majority. Could we carry
the Lecompton constitution5 We could not. A
part of the party abandoned its standard, aban-
doned its policy, and joined the enemy. They
not only opposed us on that question, but their
■sympathies and cooperation extended to m:.my
■other matters. I have stated two of the amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance that I sup-
ported. Here is another:
" For the extension of the Treasury building. 35335,263 71,
and tu pay lot materials already delivered and to be used
in the eoiiHruetioii of'&aui extension, $104,736 29."
We found that the materials had been furnished,
and we proposed to pay for them according to ex-
isting law. Then there was another proposition,
to pay for laborandmatenalfurnished on the Cap-
itol extension. We put that on and nothing more,
although the Senate, on motion of the Committee
on Public Buildings, have carried it further. Here
is the building. It was begun many years ago;
it must be finished. You cannot set off bad pen-
sion laws and gratuities against such legitimate
legislation as this. Your system of pensions is
corrupt and corrupting. Your party are its firm
and steady advocates. When did it begin ? Not
with our revolutionary sires? Sir, the men that
fought your Revolution rejected this policy with
indignation. The enemies of the Revolution, and
the profligate sons of worthy fathers, instituted the
infamous system. It was not until 1818—thirty-
five years after the Revolution—that a pension
was ever given for past services as a gratuity, and
that act gave it to paupers only. The applicant
had to swear that he was not worth, I think, §300.
It was not until 1838—which was forty-five years
after the Revolution—when the honest men that
won liberty had gone to the grave, that their con-
temptible descendants began this mischievous sys-
tem, winch not only robbed the Treasury, but
lowered the standard of patriotism, by rewarding
camp-followers and cowboys and men who did
not fight for liberty, as well as those who won
independence. They were nearly all dead, and
the survivors generally treated the proposition
with indignant scorn.
Mr. SIMMONS. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator if any pension was given to any one who was
dead ?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have no doubt the repre-
sentatives of thousands of those who were dead
got them. 1 recollect that in one State—I will not
mention its name, because it may be invidious—
the Commissioner of Pensions informed me, out
of one hundred and seventeen men on a company
roll, seventy-seven of them drew pensions under
the acts of 1828 and 1832. This being more than
forty years after the Revolution, it is very clear
that there must have been some personating the
dead.
I recollect that there were about twenty-five
thousand who received bounty lands for being in
the battle of Plattsburg, when there never were
more than seven thousand rank and file engaged
in it; and yet thirty-five years afterwards they had
increased fourfold, and got the bounty. That is a
fair specimen of your pension system. It is cor-
rupt andcorruptingeverywhere. But the Republi-
can party are the great advocates.and extenders
of the whole system. The old Federal party al-
ways went for pensionsand places and large pub-
lic expenditures, and all men that go for them
stand ill their shoes, I do not care where they
come from, whether North or South. We are not
without those who advocate and practice the same
vicious system. Like all bad systems, this is ex-
tending itself among us. We have claim agents,
whose interest it is to get this description of legis-
lation, and they sometimes go even to the Legis-
lature of Geoigia to get instructions for me to
support the pension system. I have never voted
for one outside ef the principle of existing laws,
and never will under any pressure whatever. I
will inflict no such injury upon the people.
The pertinacity of the advocates of profuse ex-
penditure was well illustrated ill the vote to strike
out the seed appropriation. Ill this Senate so
anxious were they to get hold of §60,000, that we
had three votes upon it—once in committee, once
in the Senate, and once afterwards, I believe, on
a motion to reconsider. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts made the motion. Although he
had condemned the thing, in order to give them
another chance, he made a motion to reconsider.
We could no t have the heart to refuse them $60,000,
or as much as they could get hold of—for what?
For the purpose of telling me and my constituents
how to raise cotton, I suppose; or to tell the Sen-
ator from Louisiana how to raise sugar, or his
own constituents how to raise beans. He knows
he cannot learn a Yankee farmer anything about
raising beans and broom-corn. They would laugh
at him for his folly. But there was ajob in it,
and a job always triumphs in this way. Nobody
wanted any seeds. We have been ridiculed for-
tius folly for the last eight or ten years for petty
seed jobbing. We refused it last year, but I sup-
pose it will go now; and I believe, as my friend
from Mississippi [Mr. Brown] said, when they
put the cow-doctoring with the seeds, it became
irresistible.
Sir, the Government of this country rests on
the people. No republic can exist where the
people took to the Government for their support.
The Government rests on the people, and must
be maintained by the people. The people main-
tain the Government, and not the Government the
people. The Government does not work; it pro-
duces nothing.
The distribution must necessarily be grossly
unequal, with your $60,000 appropriation. You
could not send a paper of onions to one man in
fifty. If the Government will undertake to do
people's business, give to all equally. If you levy
taxes on all, confer your favors on all, or you
become a robber. I recollect a celebrated French-
man (Proudhon) wrote a book to prove that all
property was theft. 1 find no great fault with the
assertion, lfyou will confine it to property acquired
through legislation. It can only transfer property
from one man's pocket to another; and in the
exchange the honest man is always the victim.
I arraign no man's motives. Doubtless many
well-meaning and honest persons give their votes
under the fellacious idea that they are really ben-
efiting the great agricultural interests. But that
does not alter the nature of things. While I do
not condemn those who vote against mc, I con- -
demn the system. It is wasteful, vicious, and un-
equal; does harm, and not good; and is a depart-
ure from the true theory of good government. It
generally ends jn ajob, and a bad job at that.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senatcy allow me a
moment ?
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; I will.
Mr. BIGLER. I am exceedingly unwilling to
allow myself to become excited, or to excite any
feeling of unkindness with my friend from Geor-
gia; but, sir, I must protest against a public meas-
ure—an appropriation which is estimated for by
a Department of the Government which comes
here regularly—being talked aboutas ajob. Now,
sir 
Mr. TOOMBS. I decline to hear further from
the Senator from Pennsylvania. The gentleman
objects to what I say. If he wants to correct me
he may do so; but if he only wishes to repel the
argument, he can answer me when I have done.
Mr. BIGLER. I object to imputations of that
kind.
Mr. TOOMBS. Very well; you can answer
them in the Senate, or wherever you please, at
your leisure. I do not wish to be interrupted in
that way. I have expressly disclaimed an impu-
tation on any man's motives. The Senator must
be content with that. I will not permit myself to
be interrupted in this way.
Mr. BIGLER. I simply interrupted the Sen-
ator for the purpose of making an explanation.
This came here as a regular appropriation, esti-
mated for by the Departments. As the chairman
of that committee, 1 desire to say that I never
heard a solicitation about it from any quarter.
When I discovered that the appropriation was
above the estimate, I moved to reduce it to the
estimate; and so far as my knowledge goes, it
ought to be treated just as any other appropriation
is treated for which there is an estimate here.
Mr. TOOMBS. I am treating it in the same
way.
Mr. BIGLER. I desire to say to the Senator
from Georgia, that I did feel that his remark that
this was a job was a reflection upon Senators
who had voted for it here, and I think 
Mr. TOOMBS. I cannot help what the Senator
thinks. I have stated that I cast no reflection on
any man's motives. 1 quoted from an eminent
French writer who said allproperty was theft. I
gave the sentiment a qualified assent when applied
to the operations of Government. I again repeat,
that the effect of this policy of the Government,
though honest men may vote for it, is to take
away one man's property and give it to another.
I do not believe that the Department estimated
for the $60,000; but it would notalter my opinion
of the policy if it did.
Mr. BIGLER. Foity thousand dollars.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir; $40,000 is the esti-
mate, and $60,000 was putin by the House; and
$60,000 was voted for by a great many gentlemen
until they could not get it, and then they put it
at $40,000, in order to secure that much, if pos-
sible.
There was some dj^iculty about one appropri-
ation of $300, to clean out traps in Pennsylvania
avenue. It was rejected once, but finally, after a
good deal of hesitation in the committee—1 do not
know whether my friend from Maine went for it
or not—we concluded that we would cican the
traps, voted the enormous sum of $300 for this
valuable purpose! and for the further reason that
we put them there, and therefore they were our
traps, and did not belong to the city.
After this long digression, I resume the con-
sideration of the committee'samendments. The
next is:
" For completing the printing, binding, and publishing one
thousand copies ot tlie jiapers of James Madison, under the
dnection of tlie Joint Committee uu the Library, $2,000."
We had ordered that work printed years be-
fore, and this was an appropriation to conclude
it. Our next proposition was, to repeal " the sec-
ond section of the act making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1860," &c.; which was retrenchment.
With the exception oftlie traps, which we added,
the whole of our additions to the appropriations,
for which the Senator from Massachusetts says
