1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
In one of the most eloquent speeches that ever
I read, the Hon. James McDowell, jr., afterwards
Governor of Virginia and a distinguished mem-
ber of Congress, said:
" It has been frankly and unquestionably- declared, from
the very commencement of this debate, by the mostdecidcd
enemies of abolition themselves, as well as otheis, that this
property is an ' en!/ and that it is a ba.ngf.rohs property.
Yes, sir; so dangerous has it been represented to be, even
by those who decire to retain it, that we have been re-
proached for spealun^ of it, otherwise than in fireside whis-
pers ; reproached for entertaining debate upon it in this
hall."
Hon. Charles J. Faulkner, just appointed by
Mr. Buchanan to the French mission, m a speech
111 the Virginia House of Delegates, January 20,
1832, in speaking of the slave population in that
State, said:
" Sir, to the eye of the statesman as to the eye of Om-
niscicnee, dangeis pressing, and dangers that must necessa-
rily press, are alike present. With a single glance lie em-
braces Virginia now with ttie elements of destruction
reposing quietly upon her bosom,andVirginia lighted irom
one extremity to tiie other with the torch of servile insur-
rection and massacre. It is not sufficient for luni that the
match is not yet applied. Jt is enough that the magazine
Is open, and that the match will siftrtly be applied."
I speak not of these things to reproach Virginia,
but adduce them as facts worthy of serious con-
sideration; facts not only admitted but proved by
some of Virginia's most distinguished statesmen.
I will repeat what has been said so many times
before, that the Republican party all over the
country is opposed to any and all measures which
tend to disturb the domestic relations between
master and slave in those States where it lawfully
exists; at the same time they are in lavor of all
constitutional, lawful measures which will prevent
its extension now and forever.
Mr. Chairman, I desire to say a few words in
reply to the threats of disunion which have so
often been made on the Democratic side of this
House, and I have done. And it is a significant
fact, that should go out to the country, that all
political organizations 111 tins House, excepting
the Democratic party, arc willing to unite upon
broad national grounds for the preservation of the
Union. When gentlemen talk about a dissolution
of the Union, there are two views to be taken of
the subjcct. The history of the past discloses
the fact that the Union has often beeft threatened
before, and as o^en dissolved; and yet these mar-
ble columns steadily maintain their places, and
instead of States going out of the Union, they
have all the time been coming in, until wc have a
glorious galaxy of thirty-three States. A serious
purpose to dissolve the Union involves the grave
inquiry,/tow can it be done ? If I understand the
theory of those who advocate (his doctrine, it is
this: that a State, in its sovereign capacity, has
a right lo judge for itself, and determine, inde-
pendently of the General Government or of the
otherStales,howlongit shall remain in the Union;
and whenever it determines 110 longer to remain in
the Confederacy, it can peaceably secede. Against
this doctrine I enter my solemn protest. For the
sake of the argument, if it were true, that the
Union was a simple compact between the States,
it would require the, consent of all the parties to
the compact to permit one of its members to go
out; hence there could be no such thing as a
peaceable dissolution of such Union.
But the States, as independent sovereignties,
did not make the Constitution; it was the work
of the people, as expressed in the preamble: " We,
the people, do oidain and establish this Constitu-
tion." Every citizen is a citizen not only of Iris
State, but of the United States; and has a right,
under tiie Federal Constitution, to claim its pro-
tection._ But how can a State settle the point that
they will socedc? It can only be done by a ma-
jority, acting through its Legislatures or by con- j
vention; and in such acase,what becomes'ofthe '
mirionty, who are opposed to secession? They j
cannot be forced out of the Union by majorities,
because they are citizens of the United States, and !
have a right to claim the protection the Constitu-
tion affords all its citizens. Again, so far as the
several Slates consented, ns sovereignties, to enter
the Union, there was 110 reservation of a right to
withdraw. The bond was to be perpetual. Hence
it is clear that there can be no such thing as a 1
peaceful secession. The Constitution (article1
one, section eight) gives Congress the power to
" [ii ovale for the common defense and general wel-
fare of the United States;" " to make all laws !
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying
into execution the foregoing powers," (in section
eight,) " and all other powers vested by the Con-
stitution in the Government of the United States,
or any department, or office thereof."
The President, before entering upon the execu-
tion of his office, is obliged by the Constitution to
take an oath or affirmation, that he will, "accord-
ing to the best of his ability, preserve, protect, and
defend the Constitution of the United States."
(Article two, section one.) tThe Cdfistitution (ar-
ticle three, section three) gives Congress the power
to '' declare the punishmen t of treasonand they
have done it. Any attempt on the part of a State,
or of any of its citizens, to break up the Union, is
rebellion against the laws of Congress and war
upon the Constitution, and " levying war against
the United Slate?,'' which the Constitution, in the
same aitide, declares to be "treason." In such
an event, it would be the duty of the President of
the United States, by virtue of his oath and the
authority with "which he is vested by the Consti-
tution, to put down such rebellion, and, if neces-
sary, to use the "Army and Navy of the United
Spates," to aid in doing it. And it would be
equally the duty of the Federal courts to try all
persons engaged in such overt acts, and, if found
guilty, hang them high as Haman. There is no
such thing as secession without revolution—the
one necessarily involves the other. The people
made this^overnmcnt and " established the Con-
stitution," and they can abolish it by revolution,
and in 110 other way. Any other construction of
the Constitution would make it a mere rope of
sand—a Government liable to fly into fragments
at any movement, with 110 cohesive power to per-
petuate its existence or protect itself against do-
mestic violence, insurrection, and treason.
Sir, this Government cost too much blood and
treasure to be destroyed upon any slight pretext
under it. From thirteen feeble colonies, with three
million inhabitants, wc have,in a little more than
seventy years, advanced with giant strides until
we have thirty-three powerful States, and about
twenty-eight million inhabitants.
Our national domain has increased from eight
hundred and twenty thousand six hundred and
eighty, to two million nine hundred and thirty-six
thousand one hundred and sixty-six square miles.
It stretches across the continent from ocean to
ocean, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and from
the Gulf of Mexico to the frigid regions of the
North. Out natural resources are unbounded.
Our waving fields not only yield a generous re-
turn to the hand of the husbandman, but furnish
bread for Lhe world. Our workshops dot every
valley and encircle every hill; while tiie busy hum
of machinery sends forth its music from almost
every gurgling stream and waterfall. The pliant
hand of American industry has digged down into
the mine of the earth, developing our vast min-
eral resources, furnishing not only to America,
but the world, the precious metals—coal, iron,
lead, and other valuable productions lying in the
subterranean regions beneath our feet. All over
our land, as by the hand of magic, have sprung
into active life splendid and magnificent cities,
mighty in wealth, vast in population, abounding
in marts of trade, and the bustle of mercantile
life.
Along our coasts, washed by the ebbing and
flowing tides of two mighty oceans, may be
heard the chiming music" of the ax, the saw,
and the mallet, plied by the ingenious hands of
American mechanics, transferring the rugged
oak and the lofty pine into " shipswhich go down
into the deep " to whiten every ocean and every
sea with their canvas, and visit every port around
the vast circle of the globe. Our institutions of
learning, our colleges, our academies, and com-
mon schools, travel along pari passu with the ad-
vancing wave of a refined American civilization,
aUover our States and Territories. Among our sons
and daughters there is none too poor to tread the
classic halls of lore, or climb the rugged " hills
of science." From every part of our land the
church spire points away to heaven, and in these
temples, made with hands, the God of our fathers
is adored and worshiped by their posterity. Our
coun try is bound together by bands of iron, spread-
ing themselves like one vast network in every di-
rection, annihilating space, bringing distant cities
near; while the thundering tramp of the fiery-
steed and tiie shrill scream of the locomotive are
echoed and reechoed wherever the arts of Ameri-
can industry have found a home. Through the
instrumentality of American inventive genius
thought, with lightning speed, flashes over a thou-
sand wires, makes far-olf distant cities next-door
neighbors, while New Orleans, Boston, Charles-
ton, and Chicago tip their beavers and shake
hands before breakfast. ,
Where is the American citizen that can glance
his eyes over this young, but mighty western
empire—this beacon-li<*ht of warning to tyrants
and despots in the old world—this land, where
the hand of honest toil and industry reaps a sure
reward, without patriotic emotions and national
pride? Who can gaze upon the "stars and
stripes"—the proud banner under whose floating
folds our brave countrymen from every section
have fought the battles of a common country—
and then indulge in a desire to strike it down, and
trail it in the dust ? We gaze upon these lofty
domes, colossal pillars, and marble columns; we
view these standing evidences of national wealth
and greatness—then turn away to inquire, where
is the American citizen that is ready to strike
them down a heap of ruins ? Our country in the
past had its lights and shades, its sunshine and
its storms. " Clouds and darkness" have some-
times hung low over our political horizon; the
lightning's flash, and hoarse, muttering thunder
foreboded the coming storm; yet they have passed
away behind the beautiful rainbow of peace,chccr-
ing the patriot's heart with bright visions of prom-
ise and hope. Shall we, instead of learning
wisdom from the past, and in God's good time
correcting the evils in the Union, rush madly oitJ
of it?
We talk of disunion; and yet how can we do it
without waking up the memories of the past?
Comes there not a voice from the sequestered
shade of Mount Vernon, rolling over the waters of
lhe Potomac in trumpet tones, exclaiming: "Stay
the rude hand, already uplifted to disturb the
peaceful repose of the mighty dead and desecrate
the quiet home of the sleeping hero?" Will you
visit that hallowed spot, just rescued from the
destroying hand of time by the benevolence and
affection of American mothers and daughters,
from the North, the South, the East, and the
West, with the frightful torch-light of civil war?
Shall American citizens light over the bones of
the immortal Warren, under the very shadow of
Bunker Hill monument, or rudely contend for the
sacred relics entombed at Monticello ? Will they
invade the peaceful retreats that surround the
tombstone which marks the final resting place of
Ashland's illustrious departed statesman, or sound
the direful alarm of civil war over the grave of
Jackson, or insult the ashes of the old hero of the
Hermitage? Have we quite forgotten Bunker
Hill and Trenton, Saratoga and Yorktown ?
But I will indulge in no dreary foreboding upon
this subject. This mighty Republic has not yet
fulfilled its manifest destiny. Lives there a man,
who owes allegiance to American soil, who would
hazard the experiment? Roll out your rattling
car of disunion from its black Democratic charncl
house; dross up your hideous, ghastly goddess
of disunion, with habiliments stained with human
gore, drawn from the veins of our own brethren.
Mount her upon your clanking chariot wheels;
drive her, with all the pageantry of an eastern
monarch, through the length and breadth of the
' Union; everywhere exhibit her bloody hands; her
eyes lit up by the fires of hell; her teeth chatter-
nig with horrid grimaces, frightful even to the king
of terrors himself; then call upon the Ameucan
people to fall down and worship the image you
have set up; how many would be found ready to
worship at her -shrine ? Just as soon would they
cast their bodies before the sacrilegious wheels of
a Hindoo juggernaut, as pay homage to such an
idol.
No, sir; the American people love and rever-
ence the Union; and, in a spirit of true patriot-
ism, will they cheerfully endure the ills that arc
in it until they can be corrected, rather than aid
in its destruction.
If ever the time shall come when the black flag
of disunion shall be unfurled; when the tocsin of
civil war, domestic strife, and servile insurrection,
shall be sounded, when American hands, guided
by the lawlessness of treason, shall bo reached
forth to pull down the tall pillars which support
the American Union; then, from the North and
