1986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
studied the bill, (having only reached here this
morning,) and prepared some amendments that I
desire to offer. There is one amendment in par-
ticular, which can only come in, as I say, as an
amendment to the final section; and I would be
very reluctant to be deprived of an opportunity
of offering it. When I do offer it I shall be sur-
prised if it do not meet the concurrence of both
sides of the House. 1 do not think there is any
fear of the discussion running through any un-
reasonable length of time.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from North
Carolinaknows very well that, in the closing days
of the session, we have always to sit at night;
sometimes till nine or ten o'clock. Now, it seems
to me, if we are to dispose of this important bill,
and to get through this long session, we may as
well commence now and sit late and dispose of
this bill. The gentleman from North Carolina
will have an opportunity to offer his amendment,
and to say what he may desire to say, and to have
a vote of the House upon it. But if his political
friends will not remain here till Che adjournment
of the House, it is not our fault, but tfie fault of
his friends.  
Mr. NIBLAGK. If the gentleman from Ohio
had been half as anxious to organize the House,
by the election of a Speaker, as he is now to get
through this tariff bill, we would not have been
two months in a disorganized condition.
Mr. SOMES. I desire to know whether it is
intended to take a vote upon the bill to-night?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, whether
the committee shall now rise.
Mr. SOMES. I hadnot my question answered.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not the fault of
the Chair.
Mr. SOMES. This is the first time I have been
able to get the floor since I came here. I re-
gard the question ofthe tariff aa paramount to any
question we have had before us, or that we are
likely to have before us. 1 regard the question of
protection as lying at the foundation of political
economy, as the most important question to be
settled, and as the one least understood almost of
any discussed here in Congress. It strikes me
that the importance of this question should secure
for it at least afew days'discussion; that we should
have the privilege of discussing it in detail. 1 am
iniavor of protection. I am in favor of protection
pcrsc for the sake of protection; and if we take
the arguments of the gentlemen who have spoken
here to-day, we find that there is not one of them
who is not in favor of protection for the sake of
protection. The gentleman from Louisiana wants
protection on sugar. Those from Wisconsin want
it upon lead and zinc. Those fiom New England,
upon cloths and other inanufactuies. Those from
Pennsylvania,on ironjand those from Kentucky,
on hemp; and so on through the whole range ofthe
States. And yet we are trying to cheat ourselves
and the people into the belief that we are not in
favor of protection.
Now, i want to have the question discussed
fairly. The subject of the negro has been dis-
cussed fully. Tiie negro has been introduced by
both sides of the House. He has been made to
trot bcfoie us backwards and lbrwui ds, fi om hour
to hour, from day to-day,and from week to week,
and nobody has manifested the slightest desire to
have him put down. I regard tins tariff bill as a
subject of too mueh importance to bo hastily dis-
posed of in this manner, and especially when wo
nave no quorum present. I therefore hope the
committecwill rise.
The question was taken; and the committee re-
fused to rise.
The question now was upon the amendment
offered by Mr. Pet tit to that proposed by Mr.
Vavlandigiiam.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman will
modify his proposition, so as to make the duty
specific at sixteen cents per bushel. If not, 1 give
notice that, when the pending amendments have
been acted upon, I will make that proposition. I
will now make this proposition: the committee is
now very thin, so that we cannot have a fair vote
upon these propositions to-night; and 1 desire to
ask the gentleman from Vermont if he will con-
sent to have a motion made to go into the House,
and a vote taken on it there? If the gentleman
will consent to that, we may then go on with the
reading of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know that I have
any power to make any such arrangement as the
gentleman proposes; and if I had, I should de-
cline, for several reasons. 4 am opposed to the
gentleman's amendment in principle, and I cannot
willingly give it any advantage*
Mr. STANTON. Then I shall ask for a di-
vision of the committee upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Indiana. This is an important
question, affecting the interests of the people of
that portion of the country from which I come.
We are not making any monument for Buncombe;
we are acting in reference to a great interest, in
which our people are deeply concerned. All we
ask is, that we may have a' vote upon these
amendments in a reasonably full House. I, for
one, will not consent to strike down a great in-
dustrial interest of the country for the sake of
getting through with this bill to-night. It is idle
and preposterous to talk of getting, through it to-
night. I move that the committee do now rise.
Mr. SINGLETON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Barksdale
and Edwards were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 4G, noes 73.
So the committee refused to rise.
The question then recurred upon Mr. Pettit's
amendment to the amendment. i
Mr. STANTON called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Florence
and Edorrton were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 37, noes 52; no quorum voting.
[Cries of "Call the roll!"]
The roll was called.®
The committee then rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that.the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had, according to Older, had
the Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the tariff bill; and having found itself
withouta quorum, had caused the roll to be called,
ami had directed him to report the facts to the
House, with the names ofthe absentees.
A quorum having appeared, the committee
again resumed its session.
-The CHAIRMAN stated the question to be on
the amendment of Mr. Pettit to the amendment.
The tellers again resumed their places.
The committee again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 40, noes GO; no quorum. [Cries of
" Call the lull! "J
The roll was again called.
The committee rose; and the Speaker having re-
sumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
Mate of the Union had, according to order, had
thy Union generally under consideration, and par-
ticularly the tariffhill; and having again found it-
self without a quorum, had caused the roll to be
called, and had directed him to report the facts to
the House, with the names of the absentees.
The SPEAKER stated that no quorum ap-
peared on the call of {he roll.
Mr. GARTRELL moved that the House ad-
journ.
Mr. SHERMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Air. SIMMS. It is perfect nonsense for us to
be going on in this way. I have a proposition to
make to gentlemen on the other side.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I call the gentleman to
order.
The SPEAKER. No debate is m order*
The question was taken on the motion of Mr.
Gartkell, and it was decided in the negative—
yeas 4f>, nays 71; as follows:
YEAS—Mosms. Allen, Avery, Baiksdaio, Buffinton,
John B. Cluik, Clopton, John Coehiane, Cox, Burton
Ciaige, John (1. Davis, Edg'aton, Rdwnids, Floienee,
Gattiell, Holman, Houston, ilovwud, llughe*, Hutching
Jones, William Kellogg, Landrum, Leake. Logan,. EUais-
ton, MiUson, NibLvk, Pendleton, P«ttit. Pdjton, Phelps,
Pugh, Quarles, Itiggs, Scott, Siinm^, Singleton, William
N. H. Smith,Somes.Spinner, Stalhvortli,Stanton,Stokes,
ValkuuligUam, and Wright—
NAYS—Messrs. Green Admn-*, AMrieh, William C. An-
derson, Bingham, Bitstow, Burlingame, Burnham, Butter-
tiokl, Campbell, Carter, Colfax/ Colliding, Covode, II.
VV. Kellogg, Kenyon, Kiiimger, DeWitt C. Leach, Long-
neeker, Lootnis, Lovejoy, Mallory, McKoan., McPiior-
son, Montgomery, Labari T. Mooie, Moorhead, Monill,
Morse, Palmer, Potter, Rice, Christopher ltobinson, Royee,
Schwartz, Sedgwick, Sherman, Stevens, William Stew-
ait,Tappan, Thayer, Tompkins, Train, Vance, Vandever,
Verree, Wade, Waklron, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Ellihu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Well?, Wmdom, Wood,
and Woodruff—71.
So the House refused to adjourn.'
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DUNN stated that Mr. Wilson had paired
with Mr. Larrabee.
Mr. BLAKE stated that he had paired with Mr.
Prvor.
Mr. SCOTT stated that his colleague, Mr.
Burch, had paired off with Mr. Lee.
Mr. QJJARLES stated that his colleague, Mr
Maynard, had paired with Mr. McClernand.
Mr. DUNN stated that he had paired with Mr.
Stevenson.
Mr. FLORENCE stated that Mr. Morris, of
Illinois, had paired with Mr. Clark B. Coch-
rane.
Mr. STOKES stated that his colleague, Mr.
Nelson, had paired with Air. Smith, of Virginia.
Mr. TOMPKINS stated that Mr. Porter had
paired with Mr. Hill.
Mr. AVERY announced thathis colleague, Mr.
Thomas, had paired with Mr. Walton.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, announced that
Mr. Robinson had paired with Mr. Etheridge*.
Mr. PEYTON snid that Mr. Rust had paired
with some gentleman on the other side, he did not
rccoilect who.
Mr. TOMPKINS stated thatMr. Trimble had
been compelled to leave the Hall on account of
ill health.
Mr. ADRAIN stated that he had paired with
Mr. Curry.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that Mr. Ashmore
had paired with Mr. Curtis.
Mr. McPHERSON stated that Mr. Babbitt
had paired with Mr. Underwood.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, stated that Mr.
Farnsworth had paired with Mr. Taylor.
Mr. DELANO said he desired to vote.
The SPEAKER. Were you within the bar
when your name was called?
Mr. DELANO. I was within the bar of the
restaurant. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. If the gentleman
will explain what he wasdoing there, perhaps we
may consent to allow him to vote.
Mr. DELANO. I was engaged in the great
work of self-protection. [Laughter.]
Mr. VANCE. 1 thought perhaps the gentleman
might have been upon the subject of internal im-
provement. [Renewed laughter.]
The vote was announced, as above recorded.
Mr. HOUSTON. A quorum has not voted.
Mr. PETTIT. I move that there be a call of
the House. If we are to vote on this measure to-
night, it is important before going into commit-
tee that we should have a quorum present. It is
proper that members should all be hero to give
their sanction to or their vote against the pend-
ing amendments in the committee. Several of its
friends are under the apprehension that if the vote
be now taken it will lose many votes because o.
the absence of those who, if present, would favor
it. If, therefore, at this late hour, the chairman
ofthe Committee of Ways and Means be indis-
posed to consent to an adjournment", I trust that my
motion for a call of the House will be adopted, in
order that we may not pioceed without the pres-
ence of a quorum.
Mr. FLORENCE. Fromaprofound conviction
of duty, I am compelled to move that this House
do now adjourn. 1 have now been here since
twelve o'clock—present, sir, for seven and a half
hours, and in that time I have not broken my fast.
1 cannot remain here longer. I am as devoted,
all must conless, to the interests of my constitu-
ents as any man upon this floor. I do not per-
ceive what possible good can result in prolonging
tins contest of physical endurance. I hope my
motion to adjourn will be adopted.
The House was divided, and there were—ayes
56, noes 51.
Mr. COVODE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Harris of
Virginia, and Moorhead were appointed.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I hope that my colleague
will withdraw his motion to adjourn, for if
adopted, it must defeat the bill.
Mr. FLORENCE. If the gentleman will tell
me how the bill can pass without the presence of
a quorum, then I will withdraw the motion to
adjourn.
