29B0
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
Mr. TOOMBS. They may be different. I think
mine are lionest ones, and I do not think yours
arc.
Mr. SIMMONS. You can have your opin-
ions as you please. I think the men who sacri-
ficed their fortunes for the country have a right
to the gratitude of their country.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir. Can they do that
■when they ore dead?
Mr. SIMMONS. I say I know men who were
living when the first pension law was passed,
who, the history of the country stated, were in
the battles of the Revolution. The muster-rolls
stated it. Now, the Senator denounces the whole
class of these people; but I am not going into
these generalities. I do not dispute that there
have been frauds aboutgetting pensions, and 1 do
not justify the frauds; but I have never known a
man before that ever denounced an honest revo-
lutionary soldier for taking a pension from this
Government. I have never heard it before to-day.
There have been frauds in getting pensions for
persons who did not fight. But the Senator seems
to think that he has always been for the most le- }
gitimate expenditures, and that everybody that
disagrees with him must be of the class that are
for profligate expenditures.
Mr. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. SIMMONS. That is natural. Every one
thinks he is right. Now, I never had but one
real disagreement with the Senator from Georgia
in my life. He knows that he has my habitual
respect. I admire his talent; I admire his fear-
lessness; but I have known him to defend lu re—
and he and I got both pretty warm about it—what
1 thought was the most extravagant demand on
the Treasury, and the most indefensible of any I
ever heard argued in this Senate; and that was
about the payment of the salary to Chinese min-
isters. He proposed to pay them in those old
Carolus dollars, worth 67; that was denounced
by the Secretary of the Treasury. He said it was
not exchange, and I knew better; andhc went on
and denounced me. After he had got through, I
happened to meet with a very intelligent man
from Georgia. I could not account for this pecu-
liar argumentof the Senator from Geoi ia. It was
so unlike him that it produced some curiosity in
me to find what could have induced him to do it;
and I found out.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not think the Senator
would ever allude to that discussion, especially
after his judgment upon the old-fashioned fifty-
four pence dollar, that never hud any existence.
Mr. SIMMONS. There was a dollar of ex-
change; but put down as worth fifty-four pence.
It was one of those sort of dollars which men got 1
who never earned a dollar in their life and never j
produced a dollar—just money to start upon. The :
Senator objected that there was a half penny's j
difference in the value of the dollar and the Amcr- |
ican dollar; and he thought I had made a great j
mistake. He knew very well that we were pay- j
ing $20,000 out of our Treasury, by the repoit of ,
Mr. Guthrie, for #18,000. He knew that, because j
the jeport of the Secretary was on the table, and I 1
read Irom it. j
Mr, TOOMBS. And you ought to have paid it.
Mr. SIMMONS. You defended it.
Mr, TOOMBS. You agreed to pay $12,000 in
China, and I made you do it. j
Mr, SIMMONS. Certainly. When I came j
to inquire of a respectable gentleman from Geor- :
gia about it, he accounted for it in this way: when I
the friend of the Senator from Georgia was ap- '
pointed, there was a sort of understanding that !
that salary should be put on the same footing as ,
Ather/salaries; but the President failed to recom- '
mend it^ and the Senator took this way to make s
it so. That y/as the way I heard it accounted for. !
If I had.kmwp that, we should never have had a
xlispute about it. JLf / had been aware that it was
to make an illegal payment for a salary where j
there was a breach of faith on the part of the Ad- !
ministration^ as I was told there was, I would not !
have had i>ny 4ispute with him about it. He de- J
fended it because he thought it was jrjght, and IJ
went against it becmise I thought it -was wrong. 1
That is the only time, I believe, I .ev.er disagreed !
with the Senator from Georgia in my hfc $ bo tit !
appropriation, or a .question of this sort; and
when I heard the explanation from a man 1 knew .
I could believe, I said if I had known it before I ,\
would not have had any dispute about it, I would li
never make a point about $8,000, if it came around
in that kind of indiiect way.
We had a case somewhat similar about which
there was much dispute here lately. Somebody
was appointed to do some business, not in Geor-
gia, but m Oregon, with the understanding that
the salary should be raised, but we did not raise
it; and I suppose we have been very profligate in
giving what was agreed to be given. That is one
of the profligate measures I voted for. The Sen-
ator from Arkansas, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Indian Alfairs, said it was right, and I
voted for it. I did not know anything about
Anson Dart, or what the understanding was here
when he was appointed, but I followed the chair-
man of the committee.
But I find that people get into the habit of using
epithets and denunciation, and get into temper
when there is no particular occasion for it. No-
body pretends that all the virtue is on one side.
But here is a party that has had power for the
last eight years; had power in both Houses of
Congress until this year—everybody knows it—
and there has been the most outrageous expend-
iture of public money that ever was witnessed in
this Government, and no man can deny it. The
Senator will not deny it. He denounced it. 1
undertook to defend the Secretary of the Interior,
and think now he was right in not putting lands
in the market. I defended htm then, and! de-
fend him now. In 1857, men were paying five
per cent, a month for money out in their cabins,
and could not get money enough to pay for their
pieemption rights, or whatever they call them.
1 say the Secretary of the interior deserved the
thanks of the country for not pushing those men
m those tunes, and I defended him. When it
came to the Postmaster Geneial, where the ex-
penditures had then gone up to £13,000,000 for
carrying the mails and paying postmasters, I
agreed to let the Senator fiom Georgia lash him
as much as he pleased. I said 1 wouid not un-
dertake to defend him.
As to resorting to an increase of letter postage,
I do not agree with the Senator from Georgia m
regard to that. I say that we get more money
with alow rate than we ever did with a high one,
man for man, and that that is not the cause of the
deficiency. The Senatoi from South Carolina
[Mr. Hammuxd] said that we wanted to get low
lates of postage in order to make the planting
States pay the postage of the manufacturing
States. 1 got somebody to make out the tables,
and J found that the eight manufacturing States
in every instance, and 1 had it made out tor four
or five years, had invariably paid a profit, and
these eight planting States never paid a profit,
since the Government existed, so far as the table
showed, and tn the last year there was £.2,500,000
of deficiency. 1 do not complain of it. I only
say it was outrageous extiavagance.
The Senator from Georgia has gone out. I was
going to «ay a little more about his denunciation
of the Republican party, and connecting the Re-
publican party with the old Federal party of 1780.
1 have the highest respect lor the Republican
party, and my highestaspirattons for them would
be that they should administer the Government
well, and with as honest a man as the old Fed-
eral patty under Washington. 1 hope that the
Republican paity under Lincoln may reach the
reputation that the Federal party had under Wash-
ington. Other people may get a better Adminis-
tiation than that if they can.
1 come now to the consideration of the matter
before us. I had made off—and when I lelurned
home I found it—the public debt of the United
States, and when it was payable; and 1 ask the
attention of the Senator fiom Virginia, unless he
has got such a table, to the facts of tins statement
from the Treasury looks. There is payable m
1862, $;2,d8,'J,UOO. Was the Senator informed of
that fact when he proposed this time to pay fur
the $20,000,000?
Mr. HUNTER, I have not adverted to it
lately, if that is what he means. No; 1 did not
remember it.
Mr. SIMMONS. There is about three million
due next year.
Mr. itUNTER. I do not see what that has
to do with the matter. I suppose wo shall be able
to pay it when it becomes due.
Mr. SIMMONS. Perhaps you will see what
it has to do with it before 1 get through, There
is about eight hundred thousand dollars that is
due on demand, the fragments of these different
loans. There is about two hundred thousand
dollars due of the Texas debt, whenever it is
presented on demand. Then, in 1SG5, there is
$3,460,000 of Texas debt due. That is the very
year that the Senator proposes to make this
$19,682,000 due. So that with the proposition of
the Committee on Finance, in 1868 there will be
$18,000,000, the remaining part of the debt, due-,
about half of it iu January, and the other half in
July. If this proposition of the Committee on
Finance prevails, there will be aboutforty-fivc mil-
lion dollars principal to pay off within the next
seven years, besides interest on the whole.
Now, I ask the Senator if, as a financier, he
would pledge the faith of this Government for the
payment of $47,000,000 within the next seven
years, with the interest on §47,000,000 in addi-
tion, making an average of about eleven million
dollars above the ordinary expenditures of the
Government? He complains that they have post-
poned this, and agreed to take up a part of it, or
what they can, from year to year. 1 say, if this
amendment is proposed with any view to relieve
the country—for everyone knows we always
lose by taking up a loan and renewing it again—
a portion of it should be postponed beyond that
time*. At least half of it should be put ten years
off. I shall notgo into this matter of finance again,
with a single exception, to show from the table
before me that the last two years, taking the im-
portations of over three hundred million, with a
payment from the warehouse of $10,000,000 on
goods imported before, and which waited until
the duties were reduced, we have got only
$100,000,000. With over six hundred million, we
aet only £.90,000,000; and yet he supposes that we
can get fifty or sixty million upon these rates of
duties. I have got the expenditures of this Gov-
ernment, exclusive of the public debt, for the last
two years. They were $138,000,000, exclusive
of the public debt—$69,000,000 each year; and yet
the Senator says $56,000,000 will be sufficient.
During these last two years, everybody knows,
we did not pay the expenses of the Government.
I heard the Senator from Maryland say that we
passed a deficiency bill for the year before last,
one of these years, of $3,500,000 on the Post Office
account. 1 suppose the Senator will admit that
we did not appropriate enough to cover the Post
Office deficiency for the last year, according to
these tables for 1859, because three or four million
have been appropriated this year.
Now*, the Senator from Georgia has spoken
about these estimates. He said there never has
been a session in which Congiess did not appro-
priate more than the estimates. Well, what is the
reason? The Secretary of the Tieasuiy will not
put into his estimates what he wishes us to ap-
propriate. This! happen to know withm my own
observation. He recommended to us two years
ago to appropriate $2,000,000 for the public build-
ings—for the Treasury buildings,and the two cus-
tom-houses at New* Orleans and Charleston; and
because he did not put it- into his estimates, a
Democratic House of Representatives refused to
appropriate it. You, Mi. President, must recol-
Icct it. The Secretary took it in a sort of dudgeon
that they did not appropriate, and tins year he
said he wouid refer to what he recommcndcd be-
fore, but he did not put any intimates in again.
The Committee of Way** and Means* f-aid they
would not appiopriate for U, because he wouid
not estimate, end that j<? the reason the Senator
from Virginia has had to make these amendments.
It jrrew up out of a soi t of disagreement; 1 call it
a miff, a petulant quariel. A man reconnncnds
$2,000,000, and gives the a port of the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings, end tells Congress that
he requnes the appi oni Dillon m continuation of a
work, and then he says, " the House of Repre-
sentatives ou^ht to have appioptuited two yars
a^o, and I will not make any estimates.That
is the way these appreciation;-: come above the
(stimatey. The Departments recommend certain
appropriations, and they do not estimate for them.
If Congress follows their recommendations, they
say, and they intend to have it to suv, 44 you ap-
propriated more than I estimated for," so as to
put the responsibility off their shoulders. I say
it is unmanly; it is unworthy of anybody who is
at the head of a Department of this Government.
I have no idea that the Secretary of the Treasury
