1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
the South, the East and the West; from every
hill and valley; from the snow-capped mountains
of the North, the sunny fields of the South, and
wide-extended prairies of the West, men of bravo
hearts and strong hands will be seen flocking
around one common standard; with steady step
and solid columns advancing, shoulder to shoul-
der, in defense of the Constitution and the
Union"; fighting for their homes and firesides;
rallying to the old battle-cry of our fathers, one
destiny, one country ! independence now, and
independence forever!
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois obtained the floor
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Chairman 
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Illinois yield to the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I will yield if the
gentleman from Pennsylvania desires to go on this
evening.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I should like to occupy
the attention of the committee forashorttime this
evening.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then I will yield
to the gentleman.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Chairman, three
months have elapsed since we assembled in this
Hall. Amidst all the excitement which has ex-
isted , the members with whom I act have preserved
a commendable silence, believing, as they did, that
no business but the election of Speaker was in
order until the House was organized. I will not
review the scenes exhibited during the struggle
for the election of Speaker. I will not expose, in
all their enormity, tne hissing threats of disunion
which proceeded from the lips of gentlemen on the
Democratic side of the House. I have no heart,
Mr. Chairman, to undertake such a work, and
would not even recall them, did I not consider it
important that the people should understand the
purposes entertained by the distinguished leaders
of the Democratic party. These threats were, in
my opinion, vdry unwisely made. If intended to.
prevent the election of a President who has respect
for and sympathy with the interests of the free
white laboring man, they will be powerless; for
the people of this country knowtheirintcrests, and
will protect them. Least of all, will they abandon
them under treasonable threats of destroying the
Government.
The people have always maintained, and will
always maintain, the right of the majority to rule.
In disregard of all this bluster, and those threats,
the Republican party will meet in convention,
nominate a candidate, elect him if possible, and
as surely install him in office as he is elected.
They will not brag nor swagger about it. They
do not now use the language of defiance. But
they will permit no dictation of interested parties
to swerve them from their purpose, or nullify the
popular will. It is a slander upon the Republican
party to say that they have any design against
the persons or property of our southern neighbors.
They are Union-loving men, and will stand by
the Constitution and the laws. Whilst they will
carefully avoid attacking others, they will resist
aggressions upon their rights, come they from
what quarter they may. To anticipate the reverse,
is in one case to charge them with perfidy, in the
other with cowardice, both foreign to the charac-
ter of the American citizen.
But, Mr. Chairman, I did notrise to discuss any
of these topics, believing, as 1 do, that this Union
will not be dissolved, let who may be elected Pres-
ident, but will continue to grow and prosper until
we become the greatest nation on the globe. My
purpose is to direct the attention of tiie House to
the revenue policy of the Government, and to
suggest what, in my opinion, will tend more than
anything else to strengthen the bonds of this
Union.
Mr. Chairman, the Government must be sup-
ported by revenue, which the people, in some way
or othei, must pay. Now, to make these contri-
butions most equitable, least burdensome, and
most beneficial to the entire community, and have
their proceeds placed in the Treasury a't the small-
est expense, should bo the object of the states-
man.
Whether the revenue be raised by taxing im-
ports, or by direct taxation, are grave questions.
As the legitimate result of free trade would lead to
the latter, it is well to examine them; and,in do-
ing so, I will refer to the doctrine laid down in the
Cincinnati platform on this subject, which is as
follows:
"Resolved, That there are questions connected with
the foreign policy of this country which are inferior to no
domestic question whatever. The time has coine for the
people of the United States to declare themselves in favor
of free seas and progressive free trade throughout the
world ; and, hy solemn manifestations, to place their moral
influence at the side of their successful example."
How far the Cincinnati platform may be con-
sidered authority with the Democracy, it is not
for me to say. The ambiguity of its terms has
caused endless disputes and dissensions, whilst a
strict adherence to its doctrines has caused many
an official his head. But I regret to say that, on
this question of progressive fr.ee trade, so far
as I have been able to observe, there is a very
general acquiescence by that party; and thus the
means and manner of supporting the Government
are made, or attempted to be made, mere ques-
tions of party politics—a course to be regretted
by all fair and candid men. So far as I may dis-
cuss them, I will endeavor to treat them as ques-
tions of political economy, and not of party pol-
itics.
We have an extensive country, and greatly
diversified interests, all to be governed by the same
law. It should, therefore, be so framed as to con-
fer its blessings upon all; or,in other words, add
to the prosperity, enterprise, industry, and value
of the whole^country; to make us wealthy and
happy at home; respected, honored, and feared
abroad. How can this be done ? If I can say
anything that will contribute to produce this
result, my purpose will be accomplished. I will,
at least, give my views upon what I consider equal
in importance to any subject that will engage the
attention of the present Congress.
We buy too much from abroad; and, I was
going to say, sell too little; but I will not say that.
We sell enough, perhaps too much; for it would
greatly enhance our wealth and prosperity if we
consumed our products at home, instead of send-
ing them abroad to feed foreign labor, and then
buy the product of that labor m the shape of man-
ufactured articles, as I will endeavor to show more
ftillv hereafter.
There has been much discussion and variety of
opinion on the subject of a protect ire tariff, or a
revenue tariff— a mere difference oi terms, as the
opponents of protection have, until recently, fa-
vored a revenue tariff, with discriminations in
favor of the manufactures of our own country. It
matters not by what name a tariff is called—call
it what you please; but it does matter that its
principles should be such as to add to the pros-
perity and hpppiness of the people.
Providence has dealt most bountifully with us
as a nation an'd a people. We have great agri- I
cultural resources, mineral wealth of all kinds, 1
and in immense quantities. Commerce has spread :
J her wings from the Atlantic to the Pacific, and j
i that upon our navigable rivers and lakes has no I
j parallel on the face of the globe. Our free and >
j liberal form of government is inviting to our j
j shores the emigration of the world; and, having I
| the means to feed and support them, and the ma- j
j terial upon which to employ their labor, why ,
j should we not make the most of our own re- '
! sources, and become the wealthiest, the happiest, !
! and the greatest nation on the earth ? j
j Why should we permit so humiliating a record '
j to be laid before tliis House as that exhibited j
j by the financial report now on your table. I say, .
i sir, it is the result of bad legislation—miserable le-
] gislation; legislation to foster and protect the man- !
j ufacturers, laborers, farmers, and artisans of other 1
I countries, whilst you bring rum, distress, and 1
j starvation upon the same classes at home. What i
i is it: Why, heie it is, sir; j
liM9. j
Total importations, exclusive of specie j
Totai exportation*, except specie  29-2.9y5.0ol |l
.gnsuTMTO ;!
Yes, sir. the balance of trade aga.nst us to the !j
amount of $39,490,370, and that paid by draining |j
our precious metals (which are the heart's blooll
of a nation) from us, at a rate equal to the product ; j
of the California mines. It requires no prophetic J]
vision to see that this must lead to national bank- il
ruptey, and that that point would have been jj
readied ere this, but for the fortunate discovery
of valuable gold mines in our own country. i:
The most humiliating aspect in which this pic- ' I
tare can be examined, however, Mr. Chairman, is
that presented by the Secretary of the Treasury.
We find him highly delighted with the large im-
portations; exulting over the fact that the reve-
nue from that source has exceeded his estimate,
and congratulating the country upon this great
evidence of prosperity. Why, Mr. Chairman, it
reminds me of the fable of the frogs: " Whilst it
is sport to you, it is death to us;" and so, surely
in this case, whilst it may be sport to Mr. Cobb,
whilst it may for the present bring money into
the I reasury, and keep the wheels of Governmen t
in motion, it is death to the best interests of the
country.
And now, sir, this very fact of the large amount,
of revenue received from these excessive impor-
tations is to to be used as an argument against a
revision of tho tariff. No matter how the coun-
try groans and suffers, so that we have revenue
to carry on the Government; no matter how little
demand there is for labor, how utterly prostrate
the manufacturing interests of the country may
be, how many thousands of our industrious cit-
izens may be turned idle, and driven to starva-
tion; so that we have money to pay the office-
holders, the contractors, and various expenses of
Government, all is well. Away witji such doc-
trines. Out upon such a policy as this. Give us
such revenue laws as will foster and protect our
own manufactures and give employment to labor
at home. Enable us to develop the resources
that we have in such abundance, and that are en-
tirely without value whilst buried in the earth,
but by the talismanic touch of labor become gold.
Let this labor receive aid and support, by a wise
and just policy, and not crush it to the level of
the down-trodden foreign labor. Why require
protection ? is a question frequently asked. Why
can you not manufacture iron as cheaply in this
country as in England ? I answer: it is true, we
have the raw material in abundance; we have the
requisite skill; we have the labor-saving machine-
ry, and we have the labor; but that labor should
be encouraged, and not crushed to the earth. It
is the glory of our country that the road to for-
tune and to fame is open to all, and is traveled by
all. We have no special classes or grades here.
We frequently find the laborer of to-day becom-
ing the employer of to-morrow; and this can only
be the case when labor is remunerated. We can-
not employ labor at the priccs paid in the old
countries; we should not wish to; and when the
day ariives, if it ever should, (which Heaven for-
. bid,) that the laboring man of our country is re-
duced to the wages paid in foreign countries, then
indeed will our glory as a nation have departed.
Let us,on theotherhand, encoumgehonieprod-
ucts. Stop this miserable policy of forcing our
provisions abroad to find a market, and having
them returned to us in the shape of manufactured
articles, we paying some sixty or eighty per cent.,
in addition to their original value, for transporta-
tion, &c., to the middle men through whom they
have passed; but let us apply our own labor to our
oioi raw materials, and thus provide a home market
for our own breadstuffs, for the product of our
own farmers; supplying ourselves with the man-
ufactured articles; saving transportation, com-
missions, and various expenses, and feeding and
supporting our own labor m preference to for-
eign. If the power and greatness of a State or
country depend upon the number and prosperity
of its population, then it follows, as a matter of
course, that, by combining manufacturing with
agriculture, you can increase the population to the
extent that the products of the soil would supply
with nourishment; or in other words, you could
employ as large a population in manufacturing
ana trade as the agricultural productions of the
soil would feed, and by this policy you would
bring the producer and the consumer together;
you would have a home market for the agricul-
turist, who would, in exchange, receive the do-
mestic manufacture instead of the foreign, and
thus add to tho wealth of our own country by
developing its great natural resources.
Why should any portion of our Union object
to this policy > The argument is, that some States
of the Union are consumers, and not jiroduccis of
these manufactured articles; hence they must buy
as cheap as they can, and sell their own products
as dear as possible. Let us examine this. At the
formation of our Confederation, when the great
experiment of a Republic was about to be tried.
