1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mst
The House was divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 5G.
j\Ir. COVODE demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it -was decided in
the negative—yeas 54, nays 71: as follows:
YEAfj — Me-^rs. Alien, Avery, Harksdalc, Buffinton,
John B. Clark, C'iopion, Joim Cochrane, Conklmg, Cox,
Burtpn Craipo, John G. Davis, Delano, Dunn, Ed^'rton,
Edwards, Ethcri'lge, Fioicneo, Gnrtrcll, John T. Harris,
Holman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jones, William Kel-
logg, Lamai, Landrum, James M. Leach, Leake, Lagan,
Malstoii, McQueen, Mill>on, Niblack, Pendleton, Pettit,
Pejton, Phelps, Push, Quartos, Reagan, Riggc, Scott,
Sirnrns, Singleton, William N. II. Smith, Soinea, Spinner^
ytallwoith,broken, Vallandighain, Vance, EUihuB. Wash
bume, and Wiiglit—04.
NAYS—Me^is Green Adamc, Aldrich, William C. An-
den-on, Bingham, Blair, Brayton, Bu-now, Buihngame,
Buinham, Butterfield, Campbell, Carter, Uoll'ax, Covode,
H. Winter Davis, Dawes, Duell, Eliot, Ely, Fcnton, Ferry,
Foster, Frank, Fieneh, Giow, Hale, J. Moruson Ilasns,
Heliniek, lliekman, Humphrey, Junkin, Fiancis W. Kel-
logg, Kcnyon, Killiuger, DeWitt C. Leach, Longneeker,
Loomis, Lovejoy, Malloiy, McKean, McICnigiit, McPlicr-
son, Millward, Montgomery, Laban T. Mooie, Moorhead,
Edward Joy Morn?, Worse, Palmer, Potter, liice, (Chris-
topher Ilobni&on, Ilovcc, SUnvaitz, Scranlou, Sedgwick,
Sherman, William Stewart, fttratton. Tappan, Tompkins,
Train, Vandever, Venue, Waldron, Cadwalader C. Wash-
bum, Israel Washburn, Wells, Windoni, VVTood, and
Woodiuff—71.
So the House refused to adjourn.
During the vote,
Mr. ETHERIDGE stated that he was paired
with Mr. Robinson, of Illinois, since five o'clock
p. m.; but that, with the consent of that gentle-
man's colleagues, he would vote in the affirmative.
Mr. HUTCHINS stated that he was paired
with Mr. Moore, of Alabama.
Mr. PORTER stated that he was paired with
Mr. Hill.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
Mr. SHERMAN. The remaining portion of
the bill, with the exception of one section, can
give rise to no debate. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, in order that we may dispose of this bill
this evening.
Mr. FLORENCE. I demand the yeas and
nays. Members who have long ago left the Hall,
ana who have had their dinners now, come in and
vociferously cry out for a continuation of the ses-
sion.
Mr. PETTIT. I rise to a point of order. Pre-
vious to the motion to adjourn, I moved that there
be a call of the House.
The SPEAKER. The first question is on the
gentleman's motion for a call of the House.
Mr. PHELPS. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
Mr. EDWARDS. A gentleman on this side
of the House made a remaik a few moments d§;o,
in relation to one of his colleagues, which I con-
sider reflects upon every one who voted for the
motion made by his colleague. He said that he
should regard a motion to adjourn,under the«cir-
cumstances, as demonstrating a hostility to the
measure.
Mr. TOMPKINS. I object to debate.
Mr. EDWARDS. I repudiate any such in-
ference that a vote to adjourn is a vote hostile to
this bill. I am friendly to the bill, and with that
statement, I now move that the House adjourn.
TheSPEAKER. Nothing has intervened since
the last vote was taken on the adjournment.
Mr. PHELPS demanded tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays on the motion that there be a
call of the House.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Porter and
Adraix were appointed.
The tellers reported—ayes thirty; so the yeas
and nays were ordered—more than one fifth of
those present having voted in the affirmative.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. THEAKER, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported, as truly enrolled, bills and
resolutions of the following titles, which were
thereupon signed by the Speaker; namely:
A resolution (S. No. 7) for the relief of the
legal representatives ot John A. Frost, deceased;
A resolution (S. No. 16) authorizing Captains
William L. Hudson and Joshua R. Sands to ac-
cept certain testimonials awarded to them by the
Government of Great Britain;
An act (S. No. 420) to authorize the issuance of
patents in the name of James S. Douglas upon
certain land entries made at Chockchuma, Mis-
sissippi;
A bill (S. No. 192) authorizing the corporation
of Washington city to make a loon and issue stock
for ^200,000 for building a market-house;
An act (S. No. 150) for the relief of Madison
Swcctzcr;
An act (S. No, 119) for the relief of A. M.
Mitchell, late colonel of Ohio volunteers in the
Mexican war;
An act (S. No. 55) for the relief of Tilman
Leak;
An act (S. No. 70) for the relief of George
Stealey;
An act (S. No. 56) for the relief of Richard W.
Meade; and
An act (S. No. 57) for the relief of David D.
Porter.
And then, motion of Mr. PHELPS, (at
five minutes to eight o'clock, p. m ,) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, May 9, 1860.
Prayer oy the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of ypsterday was read.
Mr. HALE. I desire to call the attention of the
Chair to the manner in which the Journal is made
up and read. I did it once before. I think the
Journal should show that every stage required by
the Constitution has been pursued; and I think
it is an irregular and vicious mode to say that
" eight enrolled bills" were received and disposed
of so and so, without the Journal showing spe-
cifically what the enrolled bills arc.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will state
to the Senator from New Hampshire that each
enrolled bill was read over by the Secretary.
Mr. HALE. It did not so strike my car.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The title of each
enrolled bill is on the Journal.
Mr. HALE, (to the Secretary.) Pass me over
the Journal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. While the Senator
from New Hampshire is examining the Journal,
the Chair will call for petitions and reports.
BILLS JLSTKODCCED.
Mr. FOOT asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 434) for
the relief of Ehas Hall; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to tin-Committee on Claims.
Mr. HALE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 435)
explanatory of the fifth section of the naval ap-
propriationact, approved August 31,1852; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee oa Naval Affairs.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. The Committee on Finance
have instructed me to report back the bill (H. R.
No. 499) to supply deficiencies in the appropria-
tions for the service of the fiscal year ending the
30th June, 1860, with some amendments. I am
very much pressed to endeavor to get this bill
through. It is mainly to supply deficiencies in
the House of Representatives, and some of our
own, and it is necessary, in order to enable per-
sons who are waiting here for their money, wit-
nesses and others, to get away. I hope it will
be the pleasure of the Senate to permit us to take
up this bill and pass it through this morning. I
ask general consent for that purpose.
Mr. FITCH. I trust the Senator will defer his
motion until the morning hour has expired. I
presume there is nothing to-day that will inter-
fere with his bill. I do not know of any bill or
resolution likely to come up that will interfere
with the Senator's bill. *
Mr. HUNTER. I am afraid that if I defer it
the special order will be in my way. Of course
I cannot get on without general consent. The
Senate may refuse to grant it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Indiana object to the present consideration
of this bill?
Mr. FITCH. I dislike to object to the consid-
eration of any appropriation bill; but I am desirous
of getting through with the morning hour m reg-
ular order. I shall be willing to take up this bill
immediately after the expiration of the morning
hour. Then probably the special order may be
moved; but surely its fr>ends cannot expect to
press it to-day, in view of the fact that the Senate
will doubtless be thin, and the probability is that
no vote will be had to-day on that special-order.
I allude to the homestead bill.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I hope wc shall
take a final vote on it to-day.
Mr. FITCH. I should be glad, of course, with
the Senator from Tennessee, to have a nnal -vote
on that bill; but I,apprehend it cannot be had
to-day.
Mr. HUNTER. This is a bill to supply de-
ficiencies. As I said before, it is mamly to supply
deficiencies m the contingent expenses of the two
Houses, and to pay witnesses. There are men
here—some of them from Oregon and distaiU parts
of the country—waiting to get their money.
Mr. FITCH. I have no doubt it can be passed
to-day.
Mr. HUNTER Then \ve had better proceed
with it at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection be
made, the Chair presumes that there is general
consent to the consideration of the bill.
Mr. FITCH. I shall not object.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. I understood
objection to be made.
Mr. FITCH. I shall not object. I simply ask
that, after the passage of this bill, I shall have the
permission of the Senate to make certain reports,
contemplating myself a temporary absence from
the. city.
Mr. HUNTER. Nobody will object to that,
if it will take no time,
Mr. FITCH. It will take some time toacton
the reports. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the bill is called
up, I should like to make an inquiry to know
whether it has been printed, •and what its charac-
ter is. If we are to pass a deficiency appropria-
tion bill, I should like to know what it means.
If it is a small matter that can be explained and
understood at once, 1 shall not object; but if it
involves, as some deficiency bills do, several mil-
lion dollars, with amendments to be made in the
Senate increasing the'amount, I think we oug]^
to have an opportunity to see it before we act
on it.
Mr. HUNTER. It does not amount to any-
thing like a million. It is a small bill. It can be
read, and the Senator will see that it consists
mainly of items for deficiencies m the contingent
expenses of the House of Representatives, alter-
ing seats, taking up the carpets, for printing,and
so on. There are in it three items of deficiencies
for surveying the public lands—none of them
large. On hearing the bill read, if senators will
allow it to be read, I think there will be no ob-
jection to passing it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have the amendments of
the Senate committee been printed, I would in-
quire ?
Mr. HUNTER. They have not. The amend-
ments are very few. They are only for our own
deficiencies in the Secretary's office.
the VICE PRESIDENT.. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Illinois that the bill has
been printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a House bill, I un-
derstand. ["Yes."] Well, sir, I am willing
that it shall be read. I dislike very much to ob-
ject to its consideration.
Mr. HUNTER. Of course the bill will be
read when it is taken up. I think when the Sen-
ator hears it, he will not object.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose we-can object
after the bill is read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
make objection after hearing the bill. The Sec-
retary will read it, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill has been
read through; and this is the latest moment at
which objection can bo made to its present con-
sideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I recollect that we had a
discussion at a former session of the Senate in
regard to the deficiencies m the appropriations for
the California land surveys, and tliey were op-
posed very strenuously at that time by a number
of members of the Senate. Now there is brought
in here again a deficiency of over fifty, thousand
dollars ®u that account in this bill. If I recollect
aright, the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan,] at
the time the matter was up beftJre, investigated
ki
