24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
question before us, and no more. One portion
of the members of this House say that positions
assumed by other members lead inevitably, ulti-
mately, to strife and civil war. We are now pre-
pared to test that question; and if it is true, let
the members from the North who are ready to
indorse that attitude of hostility to the South take
the responsibility.
In 1848, Mr. Seward made a speech, in which
he said that there were two systems of govern-
ment, the one at the North and the other at the
South, and that a conflict must come between
them. He said:
"There are two antagonistical elements of society in
America—freedom and slavery. Freedom is in harmony
with our system of govsrnment and with the spirit of the
age, and is thciefore passive and quiescent. Slavery is in
conflict with that system, with justice, and with humanity,
and is therefore organized, defensive, active, and perpetu-
ally aggressive." * ***** *
"These elements divide and classify the American peo-
ple into two classes—the party of freedom and the party of
-laveiy. Each of these parties has its court and its scep-
fpr.'5 * * * ******
" The party of freedom seeks complete and universal
emancipation. You Whigs of the Reserve, and especially
you seceding Whigs, none know so well as you that these
elements exist and {ire developed in the two ereat national
parties of the land as I have described them. That existence
and development constitute the only lca^on you cauass>i u
for having enrolled in the Whig party, and mustered under
its banner so zealously and so long. And now I am not to
contend that the evil spirit I described has possessed the one
party without mitigation or exception, and fully directed the
actions of the othei; but I appeal to you, to your candor
and justice, if the beneficent spirit lias not worked chief! y
in (he Whig party, and its antagonist in the adverse party ?"
**■****>? A * *
" Slavery is the sin of not some of the States only, but
of them all—ot not one nation only, but of all nations. It
perverted and corrupted the moral sense of mankind deeply
and universal, and tins corruption becamc a universal habit.
Habits of thought became fixed principles. No American
State has yet deliveied itself entirely from these habits.
We, in Now York, are guilty ot slavery still by withhold-
ing the right of suffrage from the race wc have emanci-
pated. You, in Ohio, aie guilty in the same way by a sys-
tem of black laws still moie aristocratic and odious. It is
written in the Constitution of the United States that live
slaves shall count equal to three freemen as a basis of rep-
resentation; and it is wmten also, in violation to divine
iaw, that we shall suirondor the fugitive slave who takes
lefuge at our fireside fiom his relentless pursuer. You
blush not at these tiling?*, because they have become as
familial as household woiiK; and your pictendcd Fice-Soil
allies claim peculiar meiif for maintaining these miscalled
guarantees oi >Iavory which they find m the national com-
pact. Does not all'this prove that the Whig party have
kept up with the ^pnir of the ago? that it us true and
faithful to human fieedom as the ineit conscience of the
American people will peimit it to he? What, then, you
say, can nothing he done lor freedom because the public
conscience remains intfrt? Yes, much can be done, eveiy-
tlung can he done. Slavery can be hmited to its present
bounds. It can be ameliorated. It can he and must ho
abolished, and you and f can and must do it. The task is
simple and easy, as its consummation will be beneficent and
itsiewaids glorious. It lequires only to follow this simple
lule of action: To do ever} where, and ou every occasion,
what we can, and not to neglect or refuse to do what wc
can at any tune, because at that precise time and on that
particular occasion we cannot do more.
" Ciicumstances determine possibilities. WIhti we have
done our best to shape them and make them piopitious, we
may rest satisfied J hat superior wisdom has deteimmed their
form as they exist, and will he satisfied with us it we do
all the good that cireumhtanoes leave: in oui powei. But
vye must begin deeper and lower than the composition and
combination of factions oi parties, wherein the strength and
security of slavery lie. You answer that it lies in the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the constitutions and
laws of slaveholding States. Not at all. It is m the euo-
ucous sentiment oi the American people. (Jonititutions
and laws can no moie ribC above the virtue of thc4people
than the limpid stream can climb above ii< native spring,
inculcate the love of freedom and the equal rights of man
under the paternal root; see to it that they aie taught m
the schools and m the chinches; leform your own code ;
extend a cordial wolcomc to the fugitive who lays his weary
limbs at your door, and defend him as you would your
paternal gods ; correct your own error, that slavery has any
constitutional guarantee which may not be released, anil
ought not to be relinquished; say to slavery, when it shows
its bond and demands its pound ot flesh, that, if it draws
one drop of blood, its life shall pay the foifeit: inculcate
that the free States can maintain the lights of hospitality
and humanity; that Executive authority can forbear to
favor slavery; that Congress can debate ; "that Congicss, at
least, can mediate with the sdaveholding States fthat, at
lea^t, future generations might be bought ami given up to
lreedom; and that the treasuies wasted m the war with
Mexico would have been sufficient to have redeemed mil-
lions unborn from bondage. Do ail tins, and inculcate all
this, in the spirit of moderation and benevolence, and not
of retaliation and fanaticism, and vou will soon bring the
parties of the country into an effective aggie=sion upon
slavery. Whenever the public mind shall will the aboli-
tion ot slavery, the way will open for it.
" 1 know that you will tell me this is all too slow. Well,
then, go faster if you can, and 1 will go with you; but, re-
member the instructive lesson that was taught in the words,
* these things ought yc to have done, and not to have left
the others undone.'"
These arc the wordbOfMr. Seward, Li a speech j
made in Ohio, in 1848. He was then elected to
the Senate of the United States by the people of
New York. He is now the head of the Repub-
lican party. Do you indorse him, or do you re-
pudiate him? No Abolitionists in New York?
Well; it went on. In 1858, I believe it was,
he made his Rochester 44 irrepressible conflict"
spefech, developing this policy. The recommend-
ation of the Helper book is signed. The bloody
raid is made; and it is but the fruit on the tree of
the policy which he inculcated. 44 Signed," say
these gentlemen; 4 4 we did not know what we were
signing." Let us see how it stands. Can any
one tell me when the paper was signed ? I un-
derstand that it was signed on the 9th of March,
1859, after the whole book had been exposed in
the Senate by a Senator from North Carolina, and
after attention had been called to it in this House.
Signed nine months ago, and scattered by the
hundred thousand among the northern people.
Mr. STANTON. I desire to say that if it was
signed on the 9th of March, 1-859, so far as my
name is concerned, it is a forgery.
Mr. KEITT. Doyouknowwhenyousignedit?
Mr. STANTON. No, sir; I do not. I do not
know that I signed it at all.
Mr. McQXTEEN. Was your signature ap-
pended to that paper before Brown's raid into
Virginia?
Mr. STANTON. If I signed it at all, it un-
doubtedly was.
Mr. KEITT. It was signed not many months
ago. Subscriptions were made to circulate this
hook by leading Republicans. The Governor of
New York gave §100 to circulate k.
The New York Tribune, of a few weeks ago,
the 16th of November, says:
" Nine or ten months ago, a number of earnest and active
Republicans of this city united in an appeal to their fellow
Republicans foi aid in an effort to print and circulate one
hundred thousand copies of Mr. H. R. Helper's admirable
4 Impending Crisis of the South.'"
And then lie lashes the indolence of the Repub-
licans in not subscribing more money for the
purpose. One million of copies ought to have
been in the hands of southern men. Nine months
ago they signed it. The elections are conducted,
funds arc subscribed, the book is distributed, the
outrage upon the soil of Virginia is perpetrated,
and notaword is said about the pamphlet by these
gentlemen. Only within the last few hours have
they found out that its doctrines are infamous, and
that thev are shocked by their course. Are they
retiring "before the consuming execrations of their
own people ? Only at this moment, it seems, they
have discovered that there is something in Hel-
per's book ; and even yet they do not profess to
know thoroughly what its doctrines arc. Do you
believe, after all this, that tliey did not know what
it was? No, gentlemen, take the responsibility
fairly. Let us see one branch of this great Re-
public, this, tin: Representative biancTi, in the
hands of men who instigate a war of pillage and
a war of races. Do you repudiate your organ—
the New York Tribune ? Do you repudiate your
great party leader—the Senator from New York?
If you do not, how can you repudiate the doc-
trines of this book? As loyal men, as lovers of
the Constitution, as the gentleman from New
York [Mr. ClarkJ said, ought you not to have
examined into this book which you had recom-
mended so hastily ? Did not know that anybody
at the South believed that men at the North in-
dorsed John Brown, when, for months, every
press in the State of Virginia had been appealing
to the people of the North to cleanse themselves
from tins foul stain; when the press of your own
State had called upon you to repudiate the act!
Did not know it ? What means the meeting which
was held in Boston, a week ago, in order to cleanse
from the robes of that old city the blood thus infa-
mously shed ? What mean similar meetings in
the city of New York? Nobody thought that
a y one at the South supposed that the North was
at all implicated in Brown's foray ! Ah, gentle-
men; that will not do. The South here asks noth-
ing but its rights. As one of its Representatives,
1 would have no more ; but as God is my judge,
as one of its Representatives, I would shatter this
Republic from turret to foundation stone before I
would take one tittle less. [Applause in the gal-
leries.]
Let the Government pass into the hands of the
Abolition party of this country; let us know that,
and it is all we wish to know. I do not wish the
elections conducted under subterfuges. Let what
cach one thinks of the Republic be borne upon
his forehead, and let us march on with the step of
events and reach our destined go,al. We of the
South are on the defensive, and we shrink from
meeting no act of aggression which may be com-
mitted against us upon any field. We make no
war upon persons at the North. I know there
are good men there—men who sustain justice and
right, but unfortunately in too many States, I fear,
they are in a hopeless minority. We mean now
to defend ourselves. All we say to you is elect
your candidate# Stand upon your platform, and
then let each party fight out its own cause.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Clerk,
I do not rise to make a speech. [Cries from the
Republican benches of£c Go on!" 4c Go on!"] I
will just take the course I think proper, and leave
others to do the same. I believe, Mr. Clerk, that
the discussion which has already been had ought
by this time to convince everybody that the point
of order which I made yesterday was a correct
and proper one; and I rise for the purpose of re-
newing that point of order. It is this: that until
this House is organized, it is not competent foi
the Clerk of the House to entertain any question
except that of proceeding to the election of a
Speaker, or on a motion to adjourn. I make that
point of order, and I want it decided.
But, Mr. Clerk, before I sit down I will say
one single word. I do not blame the gentlemen
from the South for taking the course they do, al-
though I deem it untimely and irregular, and al-
though I deem it withholding from the public
creditors, who are needing the means which we
arc bound as honest men to give them speedily.
Nor do I blame them for the language of intimi-
dation, for using this threat of rending God's cre-
ation from the turret to the foundation. [Laugh-
ter.] All this is right in them, for they have tried
it fifty times, and fifty times they have found
weak and recreant tremblers in the North who
have been affected by it, and who have acted from
those intimidations. [Applause.] They are right,
therefore,and I give them credit for repeating with
grave countenances that which they have so often
found to be effective when operating upon timid
men.
Mr. CRAWFORD. Will you keep down your
Union meetings at the North, and not deceive the
South by pretending to respect our rights, whilst
you never intend to give us pcace? [Shouts of
44Order!" 44 Order !"]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am not
to be provoked by interruptions.
Mr. CRAWFORD. I do not desire to pro-
voke you; but desire to say, that you will have
your Union meetings all over the North. [Cries
of44 Order!" "Order!"]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am not
to be provoked by interruptions. Interruptions
have no cffcct on me.
Mr. CRAWFORD. [Amidst continued inter-
ruptions, and cries of 44 Order!"] I do not mean
to interrupt the gentleman. My object is only to
make a single remark, and it is, that I hope that
the Black Republican party will not undertake to
deceive the South by a pretended friendship for
our constitutional rights now, and when our ap-
prehensions are gone, then renew their warfare
upon slavery. If the true sentiments of your
people, as I believe them to be, are for the aboli-
tion of slavery, we are anxious that there shall
at this time be no flinching; no lowering of your
flag for purposes of policy; wc want you to sail
under your true colors, and then the gentlemen
will see whether we are in earnest in what we say. '
This, sir, has ever been your course; and when-
ever the people of the South are aroused to re-
sistance, then it is that you call your public meet-
ings, as you did in 1850, in New York, at Castle
Garden and elsewhere, and induce us to believe
that you will not further disturb our rights under
the Constitution; just exactly as you are now
beginning to do again in the New England States.
And this you will keep up until the southern peo-
ple shall conclude that they are still safe in the
Union, when you at once renew your warfare
upon slavery. I am for no shirking of this ques-
tion; I want no backing down from positions
taken, but a bold and manly avowal of them; and
I pledge the gentleman my word that he will see
whether we are endeavoring to intimidate the
