2932
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
ought to have the information now. When this
loan bill comes in, now on the heel of this judi-
cial and executive appropriation bill, it is not ac-
companied by any statement as to what we have
got to pay within the tunc it proposes to pay it.
I have found out that we have to get a great deal
more than by the estimates we ran get, in order
to redeem this loan within any reasonable time.
Then why should it be put within a time, when
there is no probability of our being; able to accu-
mulate.money enough to pay what is due? Why
should wc saddle another $20,000,000 upon the
$25,000,000 that are already coming due in the
next six years? I think there is no propriety in
it; and I should think that the Senator fiom Vir-
ginia, if he expected lo be at the head of the Com-
mittee on Finance, or at the head of the Govern-
ment, would calculate to put this loan where it
could be paid without having to admif that there
was a mistake in it. I would 4<> it, if I expected
ever to reach the position he is in now.
When the proper bill comes up, 1 shall try to
induce him to offer an amendment varying the
present time for its payment, which is now six
years at the furthest, and it will come due before
we have the money. Then, if the tariff part of
that bill is modified, you will not get .sufficient
money. I see, by an estimate said to be made at
the Treasury Department, that if the importations
continue as large as they are now, the revenues
may be increased $9,000,000; but that will not
bring up the amount to what we spend now. We
have spent $20,000,000a year moie than we have
got the last three years. *Therc is no doubt about
that; the figures show it; and we are iretung more
and more in debt. Taking the £17,000,000 on
hand when this Administration came in, with the
§40,000,000 of debt smcc created, and the defi-
ciencies now to be paid,and they are a good deal
more than sixty million dollars behindhand. I
see no reason why we should expect $20,000,000
more a year with the same rates of duty. The
importations last year were nearly three hundred
antl forty million dollars; but we did not get
enough revenue by $20,000,000 to pay our ex-
penses. We got about forty-nine million dollars,
and spent nearly seventy million dollars. The
exact figures show the expenditures last year to be
some sixty-eight million eight bundled thousand
dollars. Last year was a very successful year
for the revenue, and wc got £>49,000,000 of in-
come from customs, with an expenditure of about
sixty-nine million dollars. There is a deficiency
of about twenty million dollars. The Post Office
deficiency is more than wc get from the lands.
We did not get §2,000,000 ftom lands last year,
and for the general expenses of this Government
we have got to resort to the customs; you must
make your calculations on that. If the other
things meet, you are fortunate. If you get enough
from lands and incidentals to pay incidentals and
the deficiency in the Post Oifice Department, I
think wc shall do better than we have done in ten
years. According to the rules of simple arith-
metic, it is a plain case. If we pass this bill as
the House of Representatives have made it, with
no expectation of getting half the deficiency we
have spent the last three years, I think jt is bet-
ter to postpone the payment of these §20,000,000.
If we are going to make it a permanent debt, put it
oft' so that it will not be an annoyance every other
session; and if,by any possible means, wc could
induce the Senator fiom Virginia to withdraw
this, and take it up m the regular way, I will try
to induce him. If not, 1 will move—and I believe
he will not oppose it—to extend the payment over
a larger number of years
Mr. SAULSBURY. My purpose, sir, is not
to join in this discussion. While I regard this
debate as very interesting and very learned and
very able, I think it is useless. I do not presume
the vote of any member of this body will be
changed by this discussion. We ought to con-
sult our convenience, our peisonal feehngsa little.
I therefore hope, sir, that wc shall now be allowed
to vote upon this question. If not, I shall move
that the Senate adjourn.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, I should like
to say something, but still I am so anxious for a
vote that I shall not say anything; and if the
Senate will say that they will vote, I will sit
down.
Mr*PCGH. That is all I want to say. jUwish,
for mercy's sake, tiiat we may have a vote. We .
have hcaid all this a hundred times. ["Vote!"
" Vote!"]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fjtzpat-
nicic in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. HUNTER cat led for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered.
Mr. GREEN, I have paired off on this sub-
ject.
Mr. SEWARD. I am paired off with the hon-
orable Senator from South Carolina [Mr. Ham-
mond] on this question.
Mr. WADE. I have paired on this bill with
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason.]
Mr. BINGHAM. I have paired with the Sen-
ator from Florida [Mr. Yulee] on this question.
If I were at liberty to do so, I would vote in the
negative.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 29, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Me-srs. Bayard, Biag", Bught, Brown, Chcsnut,
Ctingman, Dave', Pitch, Fuzpatriek, Gwiti, Hemphill,
Hunter, Ivuaon. John>ou of Arkansas, Johnson ot Ten-
nessee, Lane, Latham. Mailory, Nicholson, Peaice, Polk,
'Powell,['u?h,Ricc, Saulsbmy,beha&tian.Slidcil,Toombd,
and YVig'dll—29.
NAYrf—Me^rs. Anthony, Bigler, Cameron, Chandler,
Collamer, Dixon, DochtUe. Fe^scnden, Foot, Fo-tei,
Grimes. Hamlin, Uailan, King, Simmons, Sumner, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, and Wilson—19.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move an additional section
to the bill:
•>3mi he it fmthcr enacted, That the following provision
of the art oi' the L^gi-iative As->enibly of the 'JYi i itory of
New Mexico, appmved Januaiy 26,entitled " An act
aniendatoiv ol the law lelative to contia'U-; between mai-
lers ami s<*i vann," he, and the miiiic i herein . di?appiov «d
and d'elarcd inopetative and void, to wit. -no cnuitof
Hut. Temtoiy °hal! have jim-diction, noi t-hall take cogni-
zance ol any yau-e lor the correction that masters may give
their bei\am-> for neglect of then duties a> servants.''
Mr. BROWN. I ask if that is in order? It is
legislation onageneral appropriation bill of a very
extraordinary character. I laisc the question that
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. HUNTER. Whether it is in order or not,
I ask the Senator from Massachusetts if he is
willing to introduce a debate of this sort now,
| when we are nil trying to work up to the day
fixed for the adjournment? He knows that such
legislation as that cannot pass this body without
a long and bitter debate; and is this the place to
introduce that sifbject? I just submit it to him.
Mr. WILSON. It is not my purpose to oc-
cupy the attention of the Senate m discussing this
question. X am willing to take a vote upon it. I
merely wish to state the point. By the organic
act of IboO, for the Territory of New Mexico, it
is provided that all laws passed by the Legislative
Assembly and Governor of New Mexico, shall be
submitted to the Congress of the United States;
and if disapproved, shall be null and void. " An
act amendatory of the law relative to contracts
between masters and servants," passed in the
Territorial Legislature ofNew Mexico, January
2G, 1859, declares that " when any servant shall
run away from the survicc of his master, he shall j
be considered a fugitive from justice:" and this j
provision makes it the duty of the ministerial and j
judicial officers to arrest such persons, and put >
them to work on the public works, a;id hold and ;
keep them until they are called for. This act also j
provides that i
"No court of this Ten itory shall have juii-.diction. nor ]
shall take cognizance of any cause for the collection that !
master* may give their servants lor neglect of th«.u duties I
us servants?; for they are considered as* domestic servants '
lo then master, and they ehould ooneetthen neglect and j
faults; for as soldiers aie punished by their chicfe^ without j
theinunventionofthe civil authority, by rea-on ofthesahny I
they enjoy, an e<]ual light should be granted tlio-e per-ons
who pay their money to be borvedin the protection of their |
piopoU}.'' |
Sir, this is a white slave code; a code by which I
white men and white women, too, may be flogged ;
by their employers at will; and the courts are '
closed against white men and women, who may j
be brutally punished by their employers. Sir,
this law of New Mexico is a disgrace to human
nature; and it should be pronounced null and void
by the representatives of the American people.
Let the laboring millions of Amcriea remember,
that in an American Tenitory the courts ore de-
nied jurisdiction in any qasc of the punishment
of white men and white women by their employ-
ers. But I do not wish to discuss this proposi-
tion to repeal tins law, which dishonors labor
and degrades laboring men. I ask the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzpat-
rick.) Docs the Senator from Mississippi raise
the question of order?
Mr. BROWN. 1 withdraw the point without
having the decision of the Chair, if there can be
a vote without further debate.
The yeas and nays were oidercd; and the Sec-
retary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HEMPHILL, when his name was called,
said; I vote "nay," although I do not approve at
all of that provision of the law relative to contracts
between masters and hired servants which pro-
hibits the courts from taking jurisdiction over any
cause growing out of the correction which masters
may give their servants. This is a new feature
in the laws regulating the contracts of peonage
service, not to be found m the laws of the States of
Mexico regulating such contracts. I vote " nay"
for the reason that the provision is not germane
to this bill.
Mr. SEWARD. I have paired off with the
Senator fiom South Carolina, [Mr. Hammond.]
Mr. DURKEE. I have paired oiF with the
Senator from Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin'.]
Mr. SEWARD. After reflecting on the sub-
ject, 1 shall take the responsibility of voting. I
vote in the affirmative.
The result was announced—yeas 21, nays 29;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Collamer. Dixon, Doolittle, Fet-^endcn, Foot, Foster,
Gaines, Hamlin, Ilatlan, Kinar, Feward, Simmons, Sum
ner. Ten Eyck, Tiumbull, Wilkinson, and Wilson—21.
N AY S—Messis. Bayard, Uisriei. Bias;*, Bright, JJiovvn,
Ohe-mut, C'hngman, Davis, Fuels, Fitzpatrick. Gwin,
Hemphill, Hunter, Iver.^on, JohrKon ot Arkansas Johnson
of Tennessee, Lane. Latham, Malloiy, Nicholson, Pearco,
Powell, Pugh, Iviee.Sjaul-sbuiy, Sebastian, Shdell, Toombs,
and Wig'all—'39,
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the bill in
line eight hundred and seventy-four, by inserting,
after the woid "guard," "and one lieutenant."
I will explain that last year an appropriation was
made to cover the expense of this lieutenant, but
the words I now propose to insert were accident-
ally left out. This involves no additional ex-
penditure, for the officer is already provided.
Mr. HUNTER. I believe that is a mere verbal
amendment, and I shall not object to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I have another amendment
which does not involve any additional appropri-
ation, and is merely a verbal alteration to carry
out the principle. This amendment is to come in
after line eight hundred and seventy-seven:
And that theie bo paid to the coipoiatson of the city of
Wa.-hiugion, out ot money heretofore appropriated, the
compensation ot one lieutenant of police.
I simply desire to say, in a single word, that
last year the money was appropriated to pay this
lieutenant of the guard, but on account o'f the
name of the office being accidentally omitted, he
did not get the money from us. The city paid
him. The amount is already appropriated, and
you arc asked for no additional appropriation
whatever.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUNTER. I wish to beg my friends not
to put any more amendments on this bill, for the
reason that H will be very hard to carry it m the
other House. We have as much on it now as we
can carry, if we can do that; and the effect of
adding all the amendments that really belong to
the miscellaneous bill, whi'di gentlemen have for-
gotten and left in their draweis,will be to imperil
this bill still more than it is already endangered.
I hope that at least our friends will not do 3t. I
have no right to make any such appeal to the
other side of the House.
Mr. BAYARD. I have but a single amend-
ment to offer, by instruction of the Committee on
the Judiciary, and one other which I take it for
granted the honorable Senator from Vugmia will
not object to. 1 move in the two hundred and
forty-sixth line to strike out the words " twenty-
six and twenty-seven," and insert " twenty-two
and twenty-three." An appropriation is made
to pay for the twenty-sixth and twenty-seventh
volumes of Howard's Reports of the Decisions
of the Supreme Court, which will not be pub-
lished for three years. j I suppose the appropria-
tion is intended for the twenty-second and twen-
