1990
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
rily inclined in the suppression of Indian hostilities in the
late Indian war in Oregon and Washington by the territo-
rial governments of said Teiritones, for the maintenance
of the volunteer forces engaged in said war, including pay
of volunteers; and that he may. if in his judgment it bs
necessary, directa commission of three to pioceed to ascer-
tain and report to him "all expanses incurred for purposes
above specified.
The Secretary, acting under the authority vested
in him by this clause, appointed a commission of
three persons, two of them officers of the Army,
long engaged in service on the Pacific coast, thor-
oughly acquainted with the history of the war
from its commencement to its close, and possess-
ing an extensive and accurate knowledge of the
prices of forage and subsistence necessary for the
maintenance of an effective military force in a re-
gion so remote from the great channels and marts
of trade and commerce, and the unlimited facili-
ties of transportation on the Atlantic side of the
continent.
The commission, after a patient and laborious
investigation of all claims submitted for their con-
sideration, made a report to the Sccntary of War,
in which they say:
" In passing upon the rates of compensation and allow-
ance, the commission took into consideration the various
maikot prices of the different sections of country embraced
in the field of operations during the late Indian war, and
established, on the statements and testimony ot the most
competent witnesses, carcfully-adjusted puces current of
the several local markets. VVith these rates as a guide,
each vouehcr was examined with iclersnce to the sums
therein allowed for the property or service described."
They further say:
"Tlic commission deemed it proper, under the authority
contained in the order organising the board, to visit exten-
sively both Territories, with a view of being infoimod iully
of the nature and extent of the late Indian hostilities, the
means employed for their suppression, the rates of labor,
the prteea current of propcity furnHied thp seivice, and
the facilities and expense of transportation."
Mr. WADR. Mr President 
Mr. LANE. If the Senator will allow me ten
minutes, I will then give way, and finish my ar-
gument on this question to-morrow.
Mr. WADE. I am exceedingly anxious to get
through with the homestead bill to-day. 1 hope
we shall do so. It has been debated; everybody
understands it; and I hope we shall have an end
of it before night.
Mr. HALK. He only wants ton minutes.
Mr. WADE. Let it be ten minutes, then.
Mr. LANE. It thus appears, from the state-
ments of the commission, ill their official report,
that every claim for compensation for animals,
forage, or subsistence, was examined with refer-
ence to the current prices of theseveial local mai-
Icets; and thoy assert that, "in all cases where
there existed established rates for a particular
kind of property, and the rates in the voucher
wore excessive, a deduction was recommended,
and indorsed thereon." This obviously justaml
proper rule seems to have been rigidly adhered to
by the commission in their adjudications; and
there is, in my judgment, abundant evidence tn
satisfy impartial minds that thesa adjudications
were the result of a careful and impartial investi-
gation of each particular case. In the progress
of the investigation, when deemed necessary, con-
ferences were held with officers and agents, and
the testimony of competent and disinterested wit-
nesses taken touching claims of doubtful regular-
ity and integrity.
The fact that a majority of the members com-
posing the Commission were selected with espe-
cial reference to their high character for integ-
rity, and their long experience in connection with
the militaiy service on the Pacific coast, is a suf-
ficient guarantee that they brought to the position
assigned them the qualifications necessary to a
proper discharge of its duties. The great care,
the patient labor with which each ease seems to
have been examined, can be viewed in no other
light than as evincing, on the part of the commis-
sion, the strongest possible tlesue to perform their
duties faithfully and impartially. That they suc-
ceeded in carrying out this very laudable desire,
we have the testimony of .T. Ross Browne, Esq.,
special agent of the Treasury Department, who
having made a tourof inspection through the Ter-
ritories of Oregon and Washington, under the
orders of that Department, in a letter to the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs, dated December 4,
1857, referring to the proceedings of the commis-
sion, said:
" TJie commissioners at Vancouver have faithfully and
impartially performed their duty. Whatever sum they amy
have decidcd upon in estimating this war debt, I hold that
"amount to be justly due, and trust that Congress will pro-
vide at once for its extinguishment.''1
This is the testimony of a confidential agent of
the Treasury Department, who closely observed
the proceedings of the commissioners, and having
rendered himself familiar, by minute and careful
examination, with all the data upon which their
action was predicated, could arrive at no other
conclusion than that above stated. We find a still
higher and more authoritative sanction of the ac-
tion ofthe commission, in the language of the Sec-
retary of War, in his report accompanying the
President's message, submitted to Congress in
December, 1857. He says:
"These officers entered upon their duties on the lOtli
day of October, 1858, and seem to have labored with great
assiduity and patience in discharge of them,-until the 20th
of October last, when thpy were bi ought to a close. I have
examined this report very carefully, and conclude that,
from the data they have adopted for their guide, as to the
prices for stoies and subsistence and time of service ren-
deied by the men, it is not piobablc a mare just and aceu-
ratc result could be attained than these gentlemen have
arrived at. The amount ascertained to be duo is a very
large one, and Congress win have to make provision lor its
payment, if it is intended they shall be liquidated, of which
I pre&umc theic can be no doubt."
To this recognition by the Secretary of War of
the propriety of the action of the commission, and
the justice of their decisions, may be added a
clause of the resolution of the House of Repre-
sentatives, adopted February 8, 1859, showing
that, in the opinion of the House, the principle of
adjustment adopted by the commission was just
and proper. The clause referred to is in these
words:
"That, in auditing the claims for supplies transporta-
tion, and other FGrviccs incuricd for tlie maintenance of
said volunteers, he [the Auditor] is diiected to have a due
regard to the number of said hoop*, to their period of sci-
vice, and to the pnccs current in the countiy at the time,
and not to rcpoit «aid service beyond the time actually
engaged therein, nor to recognize supplies beyond a ica-
sonablc approximation to the propouions and desenpuons
authorized by existing laws nnd regulation*, fur such tioops,
taking mto confederation the nature and peculiarities ol the
service."
The requirements of this resolution, in my
opinion, have been fully met bv the action of the
commission hereinbefore described. They have
shown in their investigations and decisions <s a
due regard to the number of troops, to their peiiod
of service, and the prices current of the country
at the lime." They appear to have rejected every
claim for compensation for service not actually
rendered; nnd m recognizing supplies, they seem
not to have gone beyond " a reasonable approx-
imation to the proportions and descriptions author-
ized by existing jaws." What that " reasonable
approximation'" is, could be arrived at, and was
arnved at, by the commission, only by a " due
consideration of the nature and peculiarities of the
service"—its many hazards and difficulties, the
high price oflaborand provisions,and the remote-
ness of the theater of hostilities from the sources
of supply of the most ordinary and necessary
comforts and equipments. When it is remem-
bered that these Territories were sparsely settled,
mere germs of future States; that m the progress
of the war a great part of the settlements were
destroyed, the houses pillaged and burnt, the
cattle dnven otf; that the agricultural industry of
the country was almost entnely suspended; that
to icach the enemy in their fastnesses it became
necessary for the troops to traverse rugged mount-
ains with baggage, munitions, and ail the cum-
brous paraphernalia of a camp; that long and
painful marches were performed, and battles
fought by volunteers imperfectly equipped, and
exposed to the rigors of a winter of unusual se-
verity; when it is remembered, also, that the
price of labor and the value of all property on the
Pacific coast are much above the prices of labor
and property on this side the Rocky Mountains,
it will not appear unreasonable that in adjusting
the standard of compensation for military service
and supplies furnished on thePacifi®, there should
be a departure from the ordinary rates allowed m
the Atlantic States.
The inhabitants of the present State of Oregon
and Territory of Washington—such of them at
least as bore arms in the late war, or furnished
supplies—have, in my opinion, a special claim to
a just and speedy compensation for their service
and sacrifices. Invited to those distant regions by
the law donating the public lands—a policy des-
tined to give strength and stability to our posses-
sions on the Pacific—they went, relying upon the
ability of the Government to afford them pro-
tection. The faith of the Government, by the
very act of extending to them such an invitation,
was pledged for their protection. Isolated for a
long time from the rest of the world, few«n num-
bers, but resolute in spirit, they applied themselves
industriously to agricultural pursuits, and by a
course of non-aggression towards their treacher-
ous and dangerous neighbors, succeeded for some
time in preserving peace,®between the two races,
with occasional outbreaks, until October, 1855,
when a general outbreak took place. It ]s not
necessary to go into a history of the causes which
led to the war. It may have been projected, as
asserted by Mr. Browne, in his report already
quoted,"by an ambitious old chief, jealous of the
growing strength and numbers and wealth of the
white men. Tins may have been the immediate
cause of the outbreak. But it is unnecessary to
look beyond the mutual aniipathy between the
two races for causes of hostility. The history of
the first settlement of every part of this country,
from the Atlantic to the Pacific, is a history of a
continual struggle between the white man and red
man for dominion. This conflict has usually fol-
lowed, sooner or later, whenever the two laces
have been brought in contact. However pacific
the whites may have shown themselves in inten-
tion and action towards neighboring tribes, there
are very few instances on record in which they
have succeeded in avertinga collision for any long
period of time. I will not undertake to inquire
now far tins antagonism of races may be recon-
ciled by removing, if possible, the causes which
produced it. The fact cannot be denied, that
such antagonism does exist, and that, thus far, it
has, except in the few instances referred to,proved
incompatible with the preservation of a lasting
peace between the two races.
There is no reliable, impartial evidence to sus-
tain the charge of aggression preferred against the
people of Washington and Oregon. Yon have no
reason to believe that they have committed acts
of Aggression towards the Indians in their neigh-
borhood, justifying- the latter m making war, much
lessj ustifymg the atrocities perpetrated on defense-
less settlers and their helpless families. Jknowthe
war was forced upon our people by circumstances
over which they had no control. They have sus-
tained immense losses of property, plundered or
destroyed by the savages, for which they have re-
ceived no compensation. For the service actually
rendered, the supplies furnished m the prosecution
ofthe war, upon the implied faith of the Gov-
ernment, they should receivc compensation with-
out further delay. Justice demands that some-
thing should be done to reward the volunteers of
Oregon and Washington, who so gallantly de-
fended their homes from the torch oi the savage,
and with unshaken fortitude and herwic courage,
amidst the most fearful perils, saved our settle-
ments from devastation and ruin. -
Mr. President, it was my desire to go into a
history of the war, and examine nil the authori-
ties on the subject, and the reports of the various
officers whose "duty it has been to examine this
matter, and especially to examine the criticism of
certain officers of the Government upon the claims
of our people; but, as I have occupied the time
that the Senator from Ohio had the kindness to
extend to me, I will merely state, that I shajl
avail myself of the very first opportunity to go
into a thorough examination of the facts connected
with the case, and examine with care the criti-
cisms on the justice of these claims. I will say-
no more atpresent than that the claims presented
by the people of Oregon and Washington are just,
and this Government will not refuse "to pay them;
and he who has the temerity to charge that the
claims are not just, that it is an attempt to defraud
this Government, is capable of slandering an in-
nocent people-* a people as patriotic and as "devoted
to this country as the people in any portion of the
Union. Ther e are none more so. Why any gen-
tleman or man, scribbler or other, could have it
in his heart to charge that Oregon would send uj"
a claim against theGovernment that was not just,
I cannot conceive. One thing I will say: that I
shall never present a claim that in my conscience
I do not believe to be j&st. I will never ask the
consideration of anything for the people of Ore-
