26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
Alabama whether he has any objection to have
the vote taken now on ordering the main ques-
tion ?
Mr. HOUSTON. I want to look into the ques-
tion. It may be that my rights would be com-
promitted by advancing that one step; and I
therefore move an adjournment.
Mr. BUItLlNGAME demanded the yeas and
nays.
The CLERK declared that the yeas and nays
were ordered; thirty-four members voting there-
for.
Mr. PHELPS. That is not enough. There
are more than two hundred members present.
Mr. HOUSTON called for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Mr. CURTIS. I rise to a point of order. Has
any business been transacted since the House re-
fused to adjourn?
The CLliRIC. A new motion has been made,
and a point of order raised.
Mr. CURTIS. But the House has done no
business.
The CLERK. There is one question of order
already pending, which has been raised since the
vote was taken on adjourning.
Mr. HOUSTON. There is a point of order
pending.
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. Was there
not a point of order before ? How can a new
point be raised now ?
Mr. BURNETT. I will try and obviate the
gentleman's difficulty. I move a call of the House.
Mr. FLORENCE. I move that the House do
110w adjourn.
The CLERK. The Clerk thinks the motion
to adjourn in order; but if there be any doubt
about it, he will put the question to the House for
its decision. [Laughter.]
Tellers on ordering the yeas and nays were
ordered; and Messrs. Craig, of Missouri, and
Waidrok were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
none in the affirmative.
So the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question was taken, and the motion was
agreed to; there being, on a division—ayes one
hundred and thirty-one.
And thereupon,at half-past fouro'clock,p. m.,
the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 7, 1859
Mr. Pitch appeared to-day.
The Journal of yesterday was read.
Mr. HALE- I wish lo state that I think there
is an error m the record. It has been the prac-
tice heretofore not to refer any matters until the
committees were appointed. I see by the Jour-
nal that there were several matters referred yes-
terday. Now, sir, there are no committees; and
the practice has been to lay such matters on the
tahl" until the committees are appointed.
Th.' VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair did not
hear that part of the Journal; but 111 accordance
to what ho believes to be the usage, some peti-
tions were received to lie on the table for the pres-
ent, to go to the proper committees when ap-
pointed.
Mr. HALE. I wish that the correction may
be imidc, so that it may not appear as the Jour-
nal has it, for that will be a precedent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The correction will
be made, if there be no objection
The Journal was approved.
AMERICAN STATU PAPERS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Senate and
Clerk of the House of Representatives, in rela-
tion to the continuation of the compilation and
publication of the American State Papers; which,
on motion of Mr. Cameron, was ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
NOTICES OF BILLS.
Mr. POWELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill to abolish the frank-
ing privilege.
Mr. CLAY gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill to repeal the fishing
bounties.
INVASION OF llAKPEIt's EERIIY.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Mason on
Monday last:
Resolved. That a committee be appointed to inquire into
the facte attending the iate invasion and seizure of the arm-
on* and arsenal ot the United States at Uai pei's Ferry, m
Virginia, by u band of armed men, and report, whether the
same was attended by armed resistance to the authorities
and public force of the United States, and by the murder
of any <>f the citizens of Virginia, or of any troops sent
there to protect the public property 5 whether such invasion
and seizure was made under color of any organization
intended to subvert the government of any of the States of
the Union; what was the charactei and extent of such or-
ganization ; and whether any citizens of the United States,
not present, were implicated therein or accessory thereto
by contubu'uons of money, arms, munitions, or otherwise;
what was the chmacter and extent of the military equip-
ment in the hand*, or under the control, of said armed band,
and where and how and when the same was obtained and
tianspoitcd to the place so invaded. And that said com-
mitter report whether any and what legislation may, in
their opinion, be necessary, on the part of the United States,
for the future preservation of the peace of the country, or
for the safety of the public property; and that said committee
have power to send for persons and papers.
The pending question being on the following
amendment offered by Mr. Trumbull:
And that the said committee also inquire into the facts
attending the invasion, seizure, and robbery, in December,
1855, of the arsenal of the United States, at Liberty, in the
State ot Missouri, by a mob or body of armed men, and
report whether such seizure arid jobbery was attended by
resistance to thn authentic5* of the United States, and fol-
lowed by an invasion of the Tcrritoiy of Kansas, and the
plunder and murder of any of its inhabitants, or of any cit-
izen of the United States, by the peisons who thus seized
the arms and ammunition of {he Government, or others
combined with them. Whether said seizure and robbery
of the arsenal were made under color of any organization
intended to subvert the government of the Staterf or Tcru-
tories of the Union; what was the character and extent of
such organization ; and whether an\ citizens of the United
States, not present, were implicated thetem or accessory
thereto by contiibutions of money, arms, ammunition, or
otherwise; what was the character and extent of the mili-
tary equipments in the hands or under the control ot said
mob, and how and when and where the same were subse-
quently used by such mob; what was the value of the arms
and ammunition of every description so taken from said
arsenal by the mob; whether the same or any part thereof
have been returned; and the value of such as were lost;
whether Captain Luther Leonard, the United States officer
m command of the arsenal at the time, communicated the
facts in relation to its seizure and robbery to his superior
officer, and what measures, if any, were taken m reference
thereto.
Mr. SIMMONS. When the Senate adjourned
yesterday, the question was about to be put on
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Illinois to the resolution of inquiry presented by
the Senator from Virginia. I was inclined, on
hearing the original resolution read, to vote for
the inquiry—as I feel inclined to do so now; but
the questions suggested by the amendment, and
the observations made in refeience to it, seem to j
me to require some further consideration. The ,
original resolution proposes several inquiries, and j
the object of those inquiries is for the Senate to j
ascertain whether any other legislation is neees- !
sary to protect the public property of the United |
States. The amendment proposes to enlarge the
inquiry, and make it apply to other property of;
the United States which has been unlawfully aop- ;
reflated upon in another State. I cannot see why
these two subjects do not properly belong to-
gether, or why they ought not to go to the same
committee; and if any legislation be necessary, it
should embrace all descriptions of public property.
The subjects seem to be kindred in their nature,
and the acts complained of similar in character, j
and I thought the inquiry should embrace them •
both. I
Alter the amendment was presented, objection 1
was made, and it seemed to be intimated that the !
amendment was proposed, with a view to embar- '
rass the examination proposed by the Senator
from Virginia, and the examination itself, upon
tin; explanation of the colleague of the Senator
who introduced the original resolution, wjs en-
larged in its scope and object. He said that an-
other purpose of this resolution was to inquire
and ascertain what the feelings and purpose of
the co-States of this Union were in reference to 1
the depredation which has been committed upon ;
Virginia. That makes it an inquiry into the char- 1
acter and conduct of the citizens of all the States :
of this Union, in reference to the transaction at
Harper's Ferrv, and in that aspect of the case, it
has a significance and importance that it did not i
strike me the original resolution had. 1 was dis-
posed myself to pursue any course, with reference
to this inquiry, that should be suggested by the
distinguished representatives from the State of
Virginia, whoso soil had been invaded in a law-
less manner: but if, as the purpose now is d« -
clared to be, ihe conduct of the people of this
country in reference to this matter is to be gone
into, and that is to enter into the judgment of the
Senate in its final decision of the resolution, it ac-
quires a gravity surpassing that of any question
that I ever knew presented to the Senate of the
United States, especially when we consider the
consequences which it is intimated are to result
from such an inquiry—no less consequences than
the destruction of our Government itself.
I can see no possible objection to pursuing the
inquiry as is proposed by the original resolution
and the amendment to it. In point of fact, if I
were to ascertain the causes of the recent lawless
invasion of the State of Virginia, I should look
in that direction for them. I think it will proba-
bly be traced to causes originating in the trouble
about slavery, and possibly to the omission on the
part of the United States to punish the first agres-
sion upon its public property. We are too apt,
I havu no doubt, in oveilook these lawless acts
when they arc at a distance from us. There is
in this transaction something os unaccountable as
it was unexpected. I shall not undertake to ex-
plain or to comprehend it even; nor shall I hold
any body of ni'-n or the citizens of any State re-
sponsible, if they cannot satisfactorily account
for such a raid as this. I know not how to ac-
count for it. It is an unaccountable transaction
in all its aspects.
In the course of the debate yesterday, very
strung allusions were made to the organized par-
ties of this counti y, and I thought a visible attempt
was made to fasten the enormity of this crime
upon one of the political organizations of the
country as sympathizers with it, if not partici-
pants and aiders in it. Such a charge, or such an
insinuation is of the gravest character. 1 know
nothing of, and have no means of ascertaining
what may be, the sentiments of all the individuals
belonging to political organizations embracing so
many hundreds of thousands as the principal or-
ganizations of the parties of this country embrace.
1 feel bound to judge of these organizations by the
platforms of principles they adopt and proclaim
to the country. I know of no other way to judge
of them; and if a party adopt a platform deliber-
ately setting forth their principles and purposes,
if they get power in this country, they should be
held to the doctrine which they announce, and
they arc responsible for the exercise of it in good
faith towards the nation and responsible for a de-
parture from it; but they cannot be held respons-
ible for a departure from it until they perform
some act in contravention of it. Such a rule un-
doubtedly will be acknowledged to be correct by
those who propose to pursue this investigation.
Every Senator upon this side of the floor that I
have heard speak has disapproved entirely of the
act that is proposed to be investigated. Theirpub-
lie,sincere, and earnest disavowal of all sympathy
or approval with it does not seem to give entire
satisfaction upon the other side of the Chamber.
The last Senator who addressed the Senate upon
this subject said that their acts spoke louder than
their words, but he did not condescend to say
what those acts wore. I have been a member of
this political organisation for nearly three years—
two years last .Tune, when it was first formed in
the State that I m part represent. I was invited
to its first meeting. I did not commit myself to
what it might do. but expressly disavowed any
committal until I saw what it proposed to do. I
said then that if I did approve it, I should coop-
erate with them; if I did not, I should not. When
f saw its platform of principles I did approve
them, and I have been proud to cooperate with
them ever since. I say here in my place, upon
my responsibility as a" Senator, that neither in
public gatherings nor in private conversation have
I ever heard a man who was a member of that
party intimate a suggestion that under any cir-
cumstances would he invade a State to disturb the
institution of slavery wherever it existed. No
single individual have i ever heard utter such a
sentiment. Certainly no public body has ever
uttered it. Nor do I believe there is any promi-
nent man among them who would not utterly
and publicly disavow any such purpose: but it is
not to be expected that every individual is to de-
fend himself from such imputations as these.
It has been said that the sympathy for the prin- •<
