1046
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
under proper protection, will be a sure guarantee
against any excess of price; and, as in the article
of nails, the day may not be far distant when we
will be able to compete with the world in the man-
ufacture of steel. Let us, Mr. Chairman, by the
encouragement of our own labor, increase the pro-
duction of iron, steel, and all articles made from
our own minerals, and not hereafter, as has been
the case heretofore, have English railroad bars
laid down in our own country, over the iron-ore
beds and coal deposits that exist in such abund-
ance. Let us remove that reproach from our coun-
try at any rate; and as the history of the world
has developed the fact that the countries that en-
courage and sustain the manufacturing interests
bccame great and wealthy, let us seek prosperity
in that direction, and show our protection of labor
by increasing the duty upon all articles as their
value is increased by labor put upon them.
Let us, in this particular, learn from the Eng-
lish and Frencli tariffs; and I challenge any gentle-
man to show a single instance in either of them
where the rate of duty has decreased upon an
article as its value was increased by labor, as I
have shown to be the case in the article of steel
under our tariff. No, Mr. Chairman, you will
find the case to be exactly the reverse, as a few
examples will show. The following, from the
English tariff, shows clearly that it is a protective
one:
Silk:
Haw, (free.)
Satin, plain fsfl 45 per lb.
Thrown, dyed.  44 "
Figured or brocaded  3 30 <c
Gauze, figured   6 60 «
Velvet,figured   6 60 {(
Drosses 12 00 each.
Tobacco:
Unmanufactured  66 per lb.
Snuff    l 32 «
Cigars  2 00 «
See also how the French tariff protects French
labor:
Schedule showing tho duties levied by ike French on the raw
material and on the manufactured article,
Brass:
In pigs, bars or blocks     $5 50 per ton.
In plates, sheet*, or rolled  102 85 "
Hammered  160 14 <
Wire, polished, (prohibited.)
Wire for cords for musical instruments, 201 30 "
Cooking utensils, common  201 38 "
Fine cooking utensils  397 85 i{
A11 other manufacturer of brass, (pro-
hibited.)
Brimstone •
Ciude  2 79 ft
Purified  10 20 "
Calf Skins:
TJntaimed  2 3ft "
Tanned, (prohibited.)
Copper;
Ore  j .<
In blocks, burs, See  5 58 14
itoHed in sheets  [02 93 " i
Hammered  1G0 jg u \
Wire  oyi 30 « |
Manufacture, Minply turned  20130 " ,
Manufacture, ?.iHip]y fine  397 85 ;
All other manufactures of copper, (pro- I
hibited.) 'u (
Cottons; 1
Prom French colonies, (free.) I
From foreign countries  64 80 << 1
Yarn, No. 341, and under 1420 00 «
All other cotton threads, (prohibihvL)
Ail manufactures of cotton,except Nan-
keens, (prohibited.)
Hair:
Camels', law  2 03 "
Shawls  13 51 ollr])
Carpets  102 00 per ton.
Harness:
Coarse pack saddles    9 each.
Ail other harness, (prohibited.)
Hemp:
In stalks, raw -  71 per ton.
Hackled *  l,; on «
Combed 30 -J «
Cof'lage  50 9o «
Hides:
Raw, dry, or salted  8 33 «
Tanned for sole leather  ljO 37 «
Iron: *
Cast in blocks not weighing Ipsa than
500 pounds  14 "
ore c.
Purified ciMt iron. ,  24 44 "
All other east iron, (prohibited.)
Forqt'd ju blocks, (prohibited.)
Slain and bars, according to size, from
$33 53 to  67 ag «
  81 50 ••
Sneet, tinned  140 70 "
U'iir    12-2 q-, <t
Leather:
Raw hides..    8 33 per ton.
Sole  150 37 «
Boots, (prohibited.)
Logwood:
In sticks.....    1116 "
Ground    40 70 "
Extracts of, (prohibited.)
Marble:
Crude    SO 46 "
Sculptured or otheiwiso worked  81 40 "
Silk:
In cocoons    2 40 "
In carpets  589 00 "
Spermaceti: .
Raw  40 70 "
Pressed  51 10 "
Kefined  150 00 "
Candles  432 00 «
Tallow:
Raw  14 80 "
Candles .  20 40 "
Tin:
Ore  1 89 «
In bars (crude)  9 30 "
Beaten or laminated  132 65 "
Pots   S01 30 "
All other manufactures thereof, (pro-
hibited.)
Wool:
Raw, 20 per cent, ad valorem.
Combed, 30 per cent, ad valorem.
Blankets  397 95 "
Carpets, half wool  468 16 u
Carpets, knotted on one side, face of
linen  587 90 "
All other carpets, (prohibited.)
Lace work  874 00 "
All other manufactures of wool, (pro-
hibited.)
Zinc:
Fused into ingots *  2 80 <<
Diawn and laminated  102 00 "
Manufacture, (prohibited.)
Lotus, therefore, Mr. Chairman, remodel the
present tariff. Let us return to specific duties on
all articles where it is at all practicable. Let us
protect the products of our own country, the iron,
coal, glass, steel, wool, salt, sugar, and the nu-
merous articles that arc tile products of tho soil,
and of the skill of our mechanics and manu-
facturers. Let us improve o_ur rivers and har-
bors, build one or more railroads to the Pacific,
giving employment to thousands of laborers, bind-
ing our "Union together with bands of American
iron. Let us give a homestead to every citizen
who will become an actual settler upon the viro-in
soil of our western States and Territories. £et
us put down all sectional issues, strifes^nd jeal-
ousies, and act as one great, happy and independ-
ent nation or people. Let us spread and diffuse
manufacturing skill and industry throughout all
tho States, North and South, so that we may rely
more upon ourselves and less upon foreign na-
tions, and we will soon find that sectional discord,
dissension, and all thoughts of disunion, will dis-
appear, and we will occupy the position among
the nations of the earth that God and nature in-
tended we should,
Mr. KELLOGG-, of Illinois, obtained the floor,
but yielded it to **"
Mr. BLAIR, who moved that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and Mr. Blair having
taken the chair as Speaker pro tempore, Air.
Washecrne, of Illinois, reported that the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union had
had the Union generally under consideration, and
particularly the last annual message of the Presi-
dent of the United States,and the resolutions pro-
posing to refer the same, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at twenty-five minutes after five
o'clock, p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 8, I860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gwiley.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FITZPATRICK presented the petition of
George D. C. Hibbs, praying to lie allowed the
difference in the amount of salary between that of
messenger and clerk, during the time that he per-
formed the duties of clerk while acting in the ca'
pacity of a messenger in the Pension Office; which ;
was referred to the Committee on Claims I
He also presented an act of the Legislature of
Alabama, on the subject of the selection of public
lands to aid in the construction of the Girard and
Mobile railroad; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. BIGLER presented two memorials of in-
surance companies, merchants, and others, citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying that steamers of
light draught of water may be substituted for the
present class of sailing vessels in the revenue ser-
vice; which were referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. PEARCE presented the petition of Car-
roll Spence, late minister to Turkey, praying com-
pensation for negotiating a treaty with Persia;
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of tho
Philadelphia Board of Trade, praying the adop-
tion of efficient measures for the saving of life and
property shipwrecked on the coasts of Long Island
and New Jersey; which was referred to the Com-
mitter on Commerce.
He also presented two petitions of merchants
and others, citizens of Pennsylvania, praying
such a modification of the tariff as will afford ade-
quate protection to the industrial interests of the
country; which were referred to the Committee
on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented resolutions
of the Legislature of Kansas, in favor of the ap-
pointment of an additional district judge for that
Territory; which were referred to the Committee
on Territories.
Mr. MASON presented the petition of Hiram
Paulding, a captain in the Navy, praying remu-
neration for expenses incurred m defending him-
self in a suit brought against him for having cau sed
William Walker and his followers to leave San
Juan, in Nicaragua; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
REPORTS OF "COMMITTEES.
Mr. BIGLER, from the Committee on Patents
and the Patent Office, to whom was referred the
memorial of James Fleming, praying remunera-
tion for the use of a pile-cutting machine invented
by him, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs; which was agreed to.
.Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, to whom was referred
the memorial of Elias Yulee, submitted a report,
srecompanied by a bill (S. No. 255) for the relief
of Elias Yulee, late receiver of public moneys at
Olympia, in Washington Territory. The bill
was read, and passed to a second reading; and the
report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the pe-
tition of William Petchaka, as the only son and
surviving child of Elizabeth Petchaka, deceased,
praying_compensation in money, or the privilege
of locating other lands of equal value, in lieu of
a grant of three hundred and twenty acres of
land, made to his mother by the treaty made with
the Delaware nation of Indians, at St. Mary's,
in the State of Ohio, on the 3d day ofMa'y, 1818,
submitted an adverse report; which was ordered
to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 107) to confirm the
titles of certain purchasers of school lands in
Kansas Territory, reported it with an amendmgnt.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the papers relating to the applica-
tion of Thomas L. Disharoon to locate certain
land warrants on any of the public lands subjcct
to private sale, submitted a report, accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 256) for the relief of Thomas
L. Disharoon. The bill was read, and passed to
a second reading; and the report was ordered to
be printed.
Mr. MASON, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom were referred the petition of
Mary Martin, formerly widow of Robert Lind-
say, praying remuneration for a slave captured
by the enemy during the war with Great Britain;
the petition of Ann Robinson, praying compen-
sation out of the fund provided by the treaty of
Ghent, for negroes carried off b^ the British troops
in the war of 1812; the petition of William K. and
Alphia W. Jennings, legal representatives of Wil-
liam Bean, praying compensation out of the fund
