1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2935
to have these accounts adjusted. There is 110 i
doubt that there are claims. They are brought J
here year after year. They are referred to the j
committees. They are referred to the Depart- ;
merits. They are objected to because they are I
pvoved ex parte. Persons in the border States who j
have lost property in consequence of Indian dep- j
redations—those Indians in treaty with the Uni- t
ted States, and the United States responsible for j
the depredations—go before the magistrates of
their own States, make their own affidavits, bring
up their testimony; but when that testimony is
offered here, it is objected to because it is cx parte.
Now, we ask tluat for this moderate sum a com-
mission be appointed by the Government men
in whom the Government lias confidetici ; that
these men shall go there, investigate the facts,
hear the testimony on the ground both pro and
con., and report the chums here. The effect of it
is to prevent the Government from being swindled
on the one. side, and to enable, just claimants to
obtain what is due to them on the other. The
amendment is germane to this bill; it is props r,
and it is right; and I am surprised that the Sen-
ator from Virginia should object to it. I supposed
that if any one would object, it would be my inend
from Georgia, and I know he docs not object.
He says it is fair. ' . .
Mi. CLARK. I understand that this is the
same amendment that was offered twice ycstei-
dav to the appropriation hill then under consid-
eration.
Mr. HEMPHILL. It was only offered once
yesterday. „
Mr. CLARK. Well, it was offered once,.then,
and voted down. 1 understood it to be offered
twice. Be that as it may, I do not understand
that there is any authority from the. committee to
go around offering this amendment to evciy ap- ^
propiiunon bill that comes along. The amend- i;
ment comes from the Committee on Indian At- j[
fairs, as 1 understand. I opposed itm committee. H
It was offered to an appropriation bill yisteruay i
and lejeeted, and now it is brought in again to be i,
offered to this bill. It seems to me that if we are
to provide for having proof made of these claims, j
it had belter be done by authorizing some magis-
trates there to take testimony, and not send a I
ro\ ing commission arouud the country to hunt up ;
these claims for the sake of paying the commis- |
stoners. Vv7e can very readily authorize the magis- [
trates ill that country to take the testimony, and j
remove the objection made here that they have no I
authority to do it. It is not necessary to send j
commissioners around from pillar to post, from j
vilia,re to town, and from town to city, to hunt up |i
the testimony of these claimants that they may
make proof against the Governmert. Let it be i|
done by some magistrate there, and let this ex- :
pense be saved. . ;
Mr. WIGFALL. This amendment was offered
yesterday by the Committee on Indian Affairs to
a bill, ami objected to because, it was not germane
toil. Theie is no otpietion on that ground to-
day; but instead of discussing the merits of the
matter, the Senator from Isew Hampshire chooses
to put it upon the ground that it was offered as an
amendment to a bill to which it was notgermane.
So far so good. I said nothing yesterday, waen ,
it was offered as an amendment to a bill to which
1 thought it was notgermane; but to-day, when .
it is offered to a bill to which it xs germane, when ,
it is prooerly offered, when it is brought in by a J
committee, the objection that is raised is that it
was once before offered upon a bill improperly.
The Senator from New Hampshire makes no ob-
jection upon that ground to the merits of the pi op-
'osition itself, but he goes oil then and objects fui-
ther that the committee did not recommend that
the magistrates in the border States should be
authorized to adjudicate these matters. It tnc
Committee on Indian Affairs had made such a
proposition as that, the Senator tiomiNew hlamp-
shire, I have no doubt, would have objected that
they were, 1 suppos", partkips criminis to the
robberies that the Indians had committed on them ;
that these magistrates living in the neighborhood
would be unfair judges between their neighbors
and the Government. In order that equal justice
may be done, we propose that the Government,
' against whom the chum is, shall appoint its own
' aSe.it and that he shall go there and take the tes-
' tfmony; and it was to avoid the objections which
might bo made to the partiality oi the luounal,
that the magistrates in the States where the clo im-
ants live were not proposed to be appointed.
| Nothing could be fairer, unless the Government
j intends, in the first place, to make treaties with
! savages, and then turn them loose on the border
' populations, to scalp and tomahawk and rob the
! people there, and then refuse to pay for thedam-
! ages which are done. The lives that are lost we
| ask nothing for; but for the propei tv that is taken,
s we ask juf.t compensation, and only just compen-
sation: and we ask the Government that owes i
sation; and we ask the Government that owes it
to appoint its own arbitrator, and we will abide
j the award. Nothing can be fairer.
! Mr. CLARK. 1 must have been very unfor-
i tunate in my language if I did not succeed in
: making the Senator understand that I objected to
this proposition upon its merits. I said distinctly
that I thought it was better to authorize some
1 magistrates to take this testimony,
j Mr. WIGFALL. 1 understood the Senatorto
' object on two grounds: fitst, because it had been
i, passed ill the uegati\e yesterday, and next, upon
■■ the nieiits; and I discuss'd both.
' Mr. CLARK. Very well. Then the Senator
1 should not have said that I did not object on the
merits, as I understood bun to say.
:! Mr. WIGFALL. I said that the Senator from
;Xew Hamnshire did not predicate his main ob-
|i jection on the merits. I said his first objection
was not on the merits, and then the next one was
on the merits: and 1 discussed both.
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand way the
Senator from Texas should have said the " main
objection." I did not indicate which was the
mam objection.
Mr WIGFALL. It was the first one.
Mr. CLARK. Neither by putting it first nor
putting it'last. .
Mr "WIGFALL. Well, I am indifferent about
it Then it was not your main objection.
Mr. HUNTER. 1 am anxious for a vote. I
hope we may have a \ote.
Mr. CLARK. I will yield atonce to the Sen-
ator from Virginia. 1 aiii for voting rather than
talking. „ . • ■ ,
Mr. HEMPHILL. This proposition does no,
depend on the merits of the claims altogether; but
these depredations have been committed for a great
■ many years, and havr been extended over afrontiei'
i of fifteen hundred miles: so that the idea of theSen-
! atorfromNew Hampshire, of appointing amagis-
' trate to take the testimony m these cases, is not
I appropriate at sill, unless you appoint magistrates
! in the different counties for this whole length of
| a thousand or fifteen hundred miles. The object
! of appointing commissioners, as has been said
' by my colleague, is that proper persons, no niat-
! ter where appointed from, may investigate these
' claims: so that their report, when presented,wi.l
! have credit We only wish the data on which to
i lav our claims against the Government. We do
not wish these claims, when they come heie, to
have the objection that they are not properly
P1Mr."cLARK. I desire to make one inquiry of
the Senator trom Texas. I wish to ask him if
i they have notgot magistrates competent and hon-
est enough to take this testimony?
i Mr HEMPHILL. We have; but when the
testimony is taken and presented here, 'h™
! sav at least in effect—they aic not sufficiently
honest; that it is all ex parte, and therefore cannot
! be believed. We desire to be relieved from such
scruples and embarrassments, and have the facts
' in a form which cannot be disputed.
! Mr. SIMMONS. I wish to make one sugges-
; tion about this commission that is to cost
i it is not to the magistrates that any objection
! would be made, but to the testimony. That will
be all on one side. The Senator from Texas
! who is looking at me, [Mr. WiorAix,] says i
! will be pro and con. No, sir, it will all be pro an 1
no con, no matter what magistrates you puttlu r.
■ We shall not object to this testimony because
i is taken before commissioners or before justices
•I of the peace, but we shall look into he probable
character of the testimony itself, and that is the
1 difficulty. Now, I do not believe it is necessaiy
,1 to nay 610,000 for swearing a man to his deposi-
'I tion, that is sent here about these depredations
'! T et them take the testimony there and bring It
!■ here and we shall judge of it. Let them take it
j! at their own expense, like any other private claim-
!l ants.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope my friend will let us
take the vote. These gentlemen want a com-
mission to go out there, that we may have all the
circumstances and the facts. I think that is fair
enough; but if you do not think so, vote it down.
I think it is right.
Mr. SIMMONS. But if I should votc^ for it,
the Senator from Georgia, the very next time he
got the floor, would accuse me of profligate ex-
penditure, and very justly too. I am not going
to vote for an appropriation of |il0,000 for com-
missioners to take testimony. We have had more
commissioners in this Government than we have
had claims against it, and half these claims are got
up to make commissioners and pay the salaries.
Mr. PEARCE. 1 believe the United States have
never acknowledged the validity of these claims,
although they have been presented at intervals
during the last nine years, as I am informed. If
we pass this proposition, we shall be told, when
the commission comes back with its report, that
we have acknowledged the validity of the claims,
and have nothing to do but to pay'them. 1 do not
I know that I shall ever be willing; to acknowledge
' the validity of these claims, and I am hot willing
to provide for taking testimony in regard to them.
Mr. HEMPHILL. The commissioners have
nothing to do with the validity of the claims. All
they have to do is to take evidence in regard to
the spoliations, and to certify, as I presume they
j will under the regulations of the Secretary of the
Interior, whether those spoliations were by Io-
dians under the jurisdiction of the United States
or not, or whether they were at amity with the
United States or not; and when the report is made
here, Congress can determine what portions of
the claims ought to bo paid. I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was iejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 22.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I offer thefollowing amend-
ment from the Committee on Indian Affairs.
For cam m? into cflect the award of the Senate, made
Maieli!), l's.'9, pursuant to the eleventh ai tide ot the treaty m
w.til the Choctaws of June 22, 1855, $3,334,380 83. So 1
much thereof as ^hall ho m;ees>saiy for the payment ot the
cI'viih winch, by the tweltth arttcio of the Mid treaty, the
Choctaw* have a^unifd to pay. and of such other iiabiu-
tie« oi't.he tub1: as tin; pioper authorities Uicrcot s hdll ascer-
tain and detennme to bo just, shall, on their requisition, be
iri'd ovei to tliem at such times and in such manner as
they >hall u-otiest; and the balance remaining, alter satts-
*uch claims amMiabUiues, shall be held m trust for
tiie benefit of the Choctaws, according to the provisions of
the thirteenth article of the said treaty.
Mr HUNTER. I ask if that is in order?
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I shall make but very few
remarks in reference to the amendment. Although
it embraces a large amount, I presume the exist-
ence of the claim has been known for a long time
to the Senate, and the obligation lias been ac-
knowledged by which we are bound to pay the
amount, which is reported from the proper JJe-
partment. Although this is the first time this
case has made its advent in this form, I am sat-
isfied that its merits are not strange to the Senate.
There was a question between the United States
and the Choctaw tribe under the treaty ot 1 JU.
In 1855 a treaty was made with the Choctaw tribe,
by which the matter of difference was referred
to" the Senate of the United States as the proper
arbiter of the treaty; and in pursuance of that
reference, at the last session, the Senate made its
award. , . -
Mr HUNTER. So far as the question of or-
dor is'concerned, I do not believe 1 can raise it, if
such is the character of the treaty, althou|n 1
wish I could. Still 1 should like to hear the Sen-
ator's explanation.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. I will proceed with the
explanation which I vvas about to give of the char-
acter and nature of this claim. Ihetreaty of 18oo
was ratified by the Senate. That treaty contained
a provision by which an unadjusted claim or dis-
j| pute between the United States and the Choctaw
l! nation of Indians was referred to the Senate of
11 till- United States as the arbiter by an express
j article in the treaty, because the Department and
the Choctaws could r.ot agree upon a mutual ad-
justment. In the exercise of this Powcr'
bv treaty between the Choctaws and the United
States, the Senate at its last session, acliw «s «n
arbiter, settled the principle upon winch
tcr in dispute should be adjusted; and that was,
that whereas the Choctaws on the one side re-
