1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
cipal perpetrator of those acts which has been
manifested in th
ci_
manifested in the non-slaveholding States is a
certain indication that they approve of the wrong.
I have seen 110 such approval in the State that I
represent. The Senator from Georgia [Mr.
Iverson] did 110 more than justice to my distin-
guished colleague when he said that his paper had
always discountenauced everything of the char-
acter of sympathy with this proceeding. He
might have said so of all the papers in the State
of Rhode Island, of every party and of no party,
secular and ecclesiastical. I have never seen a
publication in Rhode Island that approved or gave
countenance to this transaction. But, notwith-
standing the just influence acquire# during the
long time my colleague has had charge of that
paper, he had not left liis post and the State a day
before there was a sympathizing meeting in the
town ho left. There is no press, powerful as it is
in this country, that can control the feeiings of the
heart. There are traits in this man's character
that all mankind will approve of and sympathize
with. That is what they sympathize with—not
his crimes. I should be sorry to look at the con-
duct of my constituents who have this sympathy,
and have boldness enough, in defianee of public
sentiment, to express it, with that jaundiced eye
to suppose that they could not discriminate be-
tween the virtues of a man and his crimes.
The acts of Brown are unaccountable, coming
from a man of such characteristic virtues His
indomitable will, his unbending integrity, and the
nervous truth with which he asserts everything,
commands every man's respect—commanded the.
respect of the Executive of Virginia amidst the
turmoil and strife of the conflict. He said that
he Was .an old Roman, which I suppose meant
what I should mean if I said he was an old Briton.
These traits of character, and everything we
. have read about John Brown in his prison and
during his trial, excited our sympathy. We ean-
liot help it. There is not an act of kindness but
what he has acknowledged, no matter from whom
it Came, and given with it his blessing that has
more than satisfied the giver. He at first com-
plained of the unfairness, or the prospect of un-
fairness, of the trial; but after it was through,!
dare say the Senator from Virginia was gratified
at his acknowledgment that he had had a fair
trial.
Mr. MASON. Not in the least, sir; 1 was not
at all gratified by it.
Mr, SIMMONS. I was gratified with it. It
showed to me that the man meant to be truthful,
although he was criminal. 1 say this of the man
without the slightest toleration of his crime. I
think that his crime, but for such a character,
would have carried him and his name to infamy
forever. I see in the crime not one redeeming
quality that can save it from utter detestation
and execration. When I look at it, the conse-
quences of it, and the suppression of it, I am
grateful that it was suppressed with so little blood-
shed. When I contemplate its consequences,
had it been successful, my imagination is filled
with horror. That is the way it is viewed, in
my deliberate judgment, throughout the length
and breadth of this broad land.
But what a pass has the country come to when,
in a body like this, composed of representatives
of the States of this Union, looked up to by the
citizens of the whole land for counsel and wisdom
to get rid of past difficulties of this kind, wo see
attempts to criminate and recriminate. That does
not appear to me to be the way to allay public
alarm and sentiment. It is said—the Senator from
Virginia [Mr. Mason] said that he thought if the
Senators upon this side of the Chamber knew as
much as lie did about it, they would not be so
confident that he had no participators and aiders
and abettors to some considerable extent. I know
of no such person, nor do I believe that there is
any participation or connection between the mad
attempt of this man and his associates and any
political organization in the country that, is rec-
ognized as a political organization. There may
be in some of the States an organized party called
Abolitionists or Garrison Abolitionists, that sym-
pathize witlvhim.
Such an inquiry, to result in such consequences
from a resolution to appoint a committee to ascer-
tain whether Brown received any aid from indi-
viduals other than the persons implicated and con-
demned, would be a most singular institution—an
inquisition in a free country. I suppose that those
who feel most intensely oh this subject, and who
have reasoned themselves into a belief that some
of the doctrines of their political opponents have
a direct tendency to produce such effects, if they
could find a dozen men who had contributed
money to John Brown, would deem that sufficient
evidence to fasten the imputation on the party to
which they belonged. Nay, it is attempted to be
fastened on it without finding one man who ever
contributed a dollar for such a purpose. The
party that it is attempted to implicate in this trans-
action, I believe, in the last presidential election,
polled some one million three hundred thousand
votes, and that number of voters represented
probably thirteen millions of inhabitants. The
Senator from Massachusetts said yesterday that
there were nine hundred and ninety-nine men in
a thousand who condemned the raid of Brown.
Well, suppose there was one who did not con-
demn it, then, of one million three hundred thou-
sand voters, there would be one thousand three
hundred such men; and if they contributed a dol-
lar it would be " proof as strong as Holy Writ"
that the party was implicated! I believe if one
such man could be found in a million, it would
be sufficient, with some, to fasten an imputation
on them. If thirteen men connected with that
party deliberately contributed money, knowing
that it was for this object, the proof having been
obtained, would place the party in a most difficult
position to justify themselves before the country.
Well, now look at the inquiry which is pro-
posed for some purpose or other; no political
purpose is intended by the mover, I know. As
soon as the thing happened, nearly the entire
press of one party attempted to charge this crime
as instigated by the other, there happening to bo
three or four important State elections pending, and
these are the witnesses who are to be examined—
those who have already made the charge; and
they will hunt up something in order to sustain
it. I say such an inquiry, with such an avowed
object, would be the most pernicious inquiry ever
carried on by any deliberative body in the world,
if conviction was to result from such testimony
as I have adverted to.
I agree with the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Push]
that I have no doubt of the constitutional power
of this Government to protect every State in this
Union from invasion from without. It is its duty
to do it. It is made its duty in the contract that
we formed when the Union itself was made. I
would go to any extent the Senators from Vir-
ginia may indicate, to guard in every possible
form every State in this Union from interference
by obtrusive and intrusive men from abroad, med-
dlesome and vicious men from abroad, to disturb
them in their tranquillity and repose. I am not
going to be particular in examining the cause,
whether adequate or not to produce the alarm that
we all know this raid has occasioned. It is suffi-
cient for me that the alarm exists, and I will go
as far as he who will go farthest to allay it. Let
me know that in any of the peaceful States of this
Union a mother trembles for the sleep of the cra-
dle, and she shall have the extent of the national
arm for her protection. That is our duty. Theio
is no question about the power. The Govern-
ment of the United States is bound to protect the
citizens of this Union against invasion without
request, and upon the request of the Legislature,
or of the Governor, when the Legislature cannot
be convened, against domestic violence. That is
the great chart that we have to follow; and no bill
can be proposed here with such a purpose that
will not, in my deliberate judgment, meet with the
unanimous concurrence of the Senate. If there
is danger of a recurrence of these ernnes, I will
cooperate cheerfully to guard against it.
But, Mr. President, 1 have looked for some sug-
gestion, some means of making a suggestion that
would allay the acrimony and bitterness that this
mad act has produced. I should have liked to
hear the Senators from Virginia, who seemed to
have so much solicitude for this inquiry, suggest
a mode by which the States of this Union could
renew their obligation of good faith to the ancient I
compact. Such an appeal would not lie made in I
this Chamber in vain, and it would bo mi t with {
alacrity. But this sort of inquiry, with too great
a purpose, or appearance, at least, of a disposition ,
to implicate public men, and implicate political ]
parties by the implication of individual men, it >
strikes me, is a very dangerous proceeding; one
not at all calculated to produce the effect that I
trust we all desire—a restoration of quiet and good
feeling throughout this land on such topics. It is
not to be expected that we can have a millennium
in politics; there will be political parties and po-
litical differences; but tljey need not, and they
should not, involve the peace and security of the
country.
I would suggest to the Senators from Virginia
that, inasmuch as this amendment has Been-pro-
posed and as the two subjecls are similar jp char-
acter, it would be better now that they shsuld go
together, because unless this inquiry is cattied on
with the utmost candor and fairness it must pro-
duce more mischief than good. Nothing but the
most careful, considerate, and candid examina-
tion of the whole matter, can possibly result in
good. Any attempt to make party capital out of
it will only exasperate the whole country. We
have party differences enough. Upon this single
question there is a wide diversity of opinion in
the country. A large portion of the people of the
United States consider the system of slave labor,
as a question of economical labor, not equal to
free J,abor. They have a perfect right to this
opinion, so that they do not disturb the quiet and
repose of their neighbors, who entertain different
opinions. But I have never seen the man who
believed the system of labor bad, that had the
heart to wish to make it worse. No man can say
that these raids upon our neighbors could possibly
do anybody any good; they must make everybody
worse off. But when we come to parceling out
territory and fixing its condition, the individual
opinions of those who have to do it will guide '
their action, and no man should complain if they
act conscientiously and honestly, according to the
convictions of their duty.
I have no disposition to go further into this
debate, or to undertake to call the attention and
reflection of Senators to the attempts that have
been made for the last five or six years to better
our condition in reference to the laws that existed
formerly in regard to our Territories. Those
questions have been settled finally a number
of times within the last ten years; we have had
several final settlements that were to exclude the
subject from Congress; but ever since I have been
here, after the last settlement in 1854 that was
effectually to exclude it, it has been a fruitful
source of contention for the whole time, and has
never been introduced by a Senator upon this
side of the floor who believed that settlement to
have been wrong. It always has come from the
other side of the Chamber, where it was insisted
that that was to be a final settlement, and to ex-
clude the subject from Congress. When those
who broke up the old settlement which had been
acquiesced in for thirty years, and contrived new
modes of settlement, find, and candidly believe
that, instead of producing peace and quiet, it has
been a fruitful source of strife and ill feeling, I
hope their patriotism will induce them to go back
to the ways of the fathers, and be satisfied with
what was well.
I have thrown out these suggestions hastily,
and now in conclusion I hope the amendment of
the Senator from Illinois will be. accepted, as it is
here, in order that the. country may see that we
intend, if we investigate this matter at all, to in-
vestigate it fairly; to treat a raid upon the property
of the United States, win tiler it be made in the
interests of those who hold one view or those who
hold another, exactly alike, and condemn it if it
is wrong, and provide the same remedy for the
invasion of our rights, and the stealing of our
property, and the disturbance of the repose of
our people that is proposed on the other side. It
is all wrong, let it be made in the interest of which-
ever side it may, and it should meet the decided
disapprobation of every lover of his country.
Mr. MALLORY. "Mr. President, I do not
rise to discuss this resolution, or to offer any ar-
guments to facilitate its passage, for I must say
that, since I have found the reception with which
it has been met in this body, shorn as it is of all
the moral effect which it was calculatcd to pro-
duce by this covert and indirect opposition by
way of amendment, I am quite indifferent whether
the resolution shall pass or not. I regard it sim- •
ply as affording to the northern gentlemen an
opportunity to quiet public feeling, as a resolu-
tion which they themselves should cheerfully
