1992
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBE.
not for one hundred andiive, and why not in per-
petuity ? I doubt on this question, and only make
the suggestion so as to call the attention of the
Senate to the point.
To preemptors, we have always said: " go upon
the public lands; make your claim; we give you
one year within which to prove the fact of your
claim, to pay for your land, and obtain your
title." Further than this the Government has
never gone. Prior to 1822, the Federal Govern-
ment sold the land at two dollars an acre, and
gave a credit for the payment of the purchase
money. It was found, by actual experience, that
it involved purchaser and Government both in in-
extricable contusion. The policy was changed.
Instead of selling the land at two dollars an acre,
on credit, the Government brought it down to
$1 25, cash. It has remained from that day to
the present. In 183o a preemption law was
passed. However, before that time, I may re-
late a certain matter of history. Before the lands
were surveyed and open to settlement, certain in-
dividuals would rush in and occupy the best por-
tions of the public lands without authority from
the United States; and even before treaties were
made with the Indians, authorizing them, they
would rush in and pick out the choicest spots of
the land. Congress passed a number of what
were called preemption laws, everyone of which
was retrospective, lookingbackwards, saying tlmt
those who now occupy the land shall have the
privilege of purchasing it, paying the minimum
price, according to the laws of the United States. 1
Until 1838, or 1840, I am not positive about the
date, there never was a prospective preemption
law. Mr. Van Burcn was the fust candidate be-
fore the American people who announced as his
doctrine prospective preemption laws. What I
mean by a prospective preemption law is, a pre-
emption law which says to the people in advance,
before they do settle upon the land, "go upon it;
occupy it; and you shall have the lirst choice in
buying it." The public, however, sustained oven
that law. It was passed, I think, in 1838, 1839,
or 1840, I do not remember which.
m What is this ? It was thrown into the Senate,
passed through the House with a huzza, and
heralded before the country as a great homestead
measure. When members make speeches on the
subject, they say " why not provide homes for
the homeless and houses lor the houseless; why
not provide for the men, women, and children
who want an opportunity to work; why not se-
cure to them ail opportunity not to be forced into
the poor-house and into the work-shops?" That
all sounds very well; but when reduced to its
merits, is this a homestead - Does it secui e a home
to anybody? I challenge the wannest friend of
this measure to answer this one single rpustion:
does it secure a home to anybody? Has Con-
gress the power to secure a home to anybody 3
Congress can give away its money, Congress can
gtvd away its land, Congress can give away all
its property as an agent of the Federal Govern-
ment, wrongfully I admit, 1 ut still it has the con-
stitutwinaUnower to do it. In other words, you
have the physical brute force to do it, whether
right or wrong; but when thus given away, what
have you accomplished? Have you secured
homes to.the homeless, houses to the houseless,
and work to men who do r,ot want work? The
% ei y last thing the man who will not buy land at
the present rate fixed by law wants is work. 1
think it would be a great deal better to amend this
bill, and propose to give twenty-five dollars for a
chest of tools to every mechanic of the North who
wants a chest of tools. I want to know the dif-
ference, and I challenge my fnend from Tennes-
see, [Mr. Johnson-]—no I do not challenge him;
being a candidate for the Presidency,! do not
want to call him out—but I want anybody else
except him to tell me the difference. If you talk
about giving work to the man who has no oppor-
tunity to work, why not vote twenty-five dollars
to buy a chest of tools to the mechanic of Natick.
the man who struck for wages—twenty-five dol-
fats for a chest of tools; I believe they call it a
at sometimes when it is a smaller quantity—a
kit of tools to put on their back ? Why not vote
for that as well as for forty acres of land, eighty
acres of land, or one hundred and sixty acres of
land to a man who does not know how to use
tools, ami perhaps cannot drive a plow? Where
is the difference in principle ?
May 9,
I say to you, Mr. President, to-day, and I say
to the American people, if you predicate the right
to pass this bill on the idea of furnishing homes
to the homeless, and work to the worthless ras-
cals who will not work when you give them an
opportunity, I am against the whole proceeding.
Any man, now, who wants to get work, can get
forty acres of land in the State of Missouri for
five dollars. He can do the same in Iowa for ten
dollars.
No, sir.
Yes, sir; twenty-five cents an
Mr. GRIMES.
Mr. GREEN.
a<Mr. GRIMES,
in Iowa.
Mr. GREEN.
We have no graduated land
   The graduation law applies to
Iowa as much as it does to any other State.
Mr. GRIMES. Exactly; but our lands are
cultivable; they were long ago sold and occupied.
Those that are left are sold at much higher rates
than that.
Mr. GREEN. I know what I am talking
about. &
Mr. GRIMES. So do I.
Mr. GREEN. I live within twenty-five miles
of the line of the State of the Senatorfrom Iowa,
and I know, personally, that lands are there in
that State that have not yet been sold, that have
been in maikct Jong enough to be reduced to
twenty-five ecnts'an acre.
Mr. HARLAN. If the Senator will allow me,
the report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office last year will show that no lands
have been sold in Iowa for less than a dollar an
acre under the graduation law.
Mr. GREEN. Have not been sold because they
were not worth selling at the low rate. I under-
stand that well. I will not be thrown off by these
side issues. I know what I say. You can go and
get a home for from five to ten, twenty, or forty
dollars in any of the western States; and now is
it possible that the character of the American peo-
ple is to be so disgraced that we are to reduce
them lower than that? What, do you accomplish
by it? Is any man fit to have forty acres of land
who will not pay five dollars for it? Your bill
makes him pay five dollars. It is the present law.
Ilence I say i am prepared to vote for your bill,
I think; but in voting for it I want to disabuse
the public mind, and let them know that the ori-
ginal cheat, fraud,and trick has been eviscerated;
its bowels have been taken out; it is a different
proposition.
I will say one word further. If this Govern-
ment had the power and the right to give away
money and property, it would be a very had pol-
icy. First, if you could give it away at all, it
ought to be given away equally; I ought to get
my share of it, and the Senator from Tennessee
ought to get his share of it. It ought to be given
away m piopoition to either population or to ne-
cessity. If necessity governed it, I would get a
larger share than he gets. And what is the object
of our Government? Is it to divide property'? I
knowthere isataxiiig povverin this Government.
It Ccjn tax without measure and without stint.
When taxation has accumulated in the Treasury,
what is to be done with it? For what purpose is
the power given to the Federal Government? To
pay the debts and to defray the expenses of the
Government. Is it for the purpose of dividing
out every few yeais? If that is the purpose, I
say this Government ought to end to-day. What!
an agrarian system which would enable a central
power to tax the whole people, the industrious,
the energetic, the active, those who work and
those who save I To tax them to give to whom?
I o the low, the worthless spendthrifts who never
made a dollar, who will never save a dollar, but
scatter all you give them. I tell you that the best
stimulus to industry atid to enterprise is, (and it
13 the great principle that has made England what
she is, and the United States what the United
States now are,) meum and tuum. What is mine
is mine. I have a stimulus to go forward and
make. What is thine is thine. Thou hast the
same advantage and the same motive. But you
create a power which says, " we will tax you all,
and divide out at periods of three, five, fifteen, or
twenty years." Who has any motive to do it'
Like the nomadic tribes of the desert, they will
waste, they will squander, they will do nothing
to promote the prosperity of the people.
I have never been more shocked in my life, and
I say it with all duo deference to my friends, with
whom I am compelled to differ on this question,
than to hear so much said about homes to the
homeless, and house;* to the houseless. Ruild
your houses—why do you not propose that?
You dare not come up to your own idea. Pro-
pose to take the money out of the Treasury, the
taxes laid upon you and me,-and upon the great
body of our constituents, to build a mansion
house for one of these vagabonds, who never
niade five dollars, ar.d never will in his life. If
it be, however, a proposition simply to dispose
of the public lands, to put them down within the
reach of everybody who will make a good use of
them, I shall have no objection to it; and all I am
saying to-day is designed simply for one purpose,
and that is to show that, so far as the original
proposition was concerned, it was false in fact,
false in principle, and destructive of the purposes
of the Government. As it is now eviscerated, it
is not quite so objectionable. I may, perhaps,
vote for it, but it shall not be sustained with my
vote in the character and under the guise of the
original proposition, which was offered in the
Senate. I think I have sufficiently expressed my
views on the sub ject, Mr. President, and I leave it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
as to the construction which the Senator from
Missouri has put on the provisions of the original
bill before the Senate granting homesteads, 1 will
say that I concur with him very fully, and I cer-
tainly never would have supported a bill with that
provision. Neitherdol believe that this side of the
Chamber would have supported it all, unless with
a very few exceptions. "Neither do I believe that
more than a majority of the other side could have
been persuaded to support it. Neither do I be-
lieve that the Plouse of Representatives them-
selves could have considered what they enacted
when they passed the provision that was in the
House bill. That provision went on expressly to
declare that the la: d which it was proposed to give,
should bo given upon a settlement of five years,
and should never become subjected to any debt
which existed or was contracted, or created, an-
terior to this grant. I do not believe that such a
law could ever have been enforced in our courts, m
or could over have been sanctioned, or could ever
have been regarded as constitutional on the part
of the Government of the United States. But my
impression is, that the House of Representatives
themselves, had, by carelessly throwing words
together, reached that result, and that their atten-
tion had not been- specially attracted to it. The
Senate committee, however, treating the proposi-
tion, of course, as being such as they had in fact
intended, propose to change it altogether; and it
is no longer a homestead in that sense. The prop-
osition which is made now has the homestead
characteristic about it sufficiently, as I understand
it, to satisfy at least the original friends of the
homestead measure. That is m the words which
I will read:
Sec. 3. That no land acquired under the provision? of
this net Shalt m any event liccome liable to the satisfaction
the'rclbr °' dCbtS aftCr ">C 1MuinS of tli0 Pate"t
The meaning of which is strictly and entirely
that the lands which the Government of the United
States owns, and has not parted with, shall not be
made liable to individual debts. To that extent,
it may be said that it has the characteristic of the
homestead for a period of five years, or up to such
time as the settler himself shall come forward and
pay the present standing minimum price of 25
and acquire his title. It operates no further. I
concur with the Senator from Missouri that I never
could—and I do not believe a majority of the Sen-
ate by any manner of means could—have been
persuaded to pass the original provision; but I im-
agine there is not a solitary individual in the Sen-
ate who will hesitate for one instant m voting for
this proposition, and supporting it. It is simply
that provision which is necessary to secure the
Government of the United States from a loss of its
own land, it may be, in some cases, for the hon-
est debts of a man who has settled on it; but it
may be, and in a thousand other cases it would
be, that lie would lose it by fraud, and it would be
acquired^ by collusion, and the Government of the
LnUed States lose the land, whilst others would
get it for a mere song, unless this provision were
in the bill. That is the true position of that mat-
ter. It simply gives a mail the protection which
