28
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
bring forward, and as an opportunity which they
themselves should not allow to pass by them
without doing something to quiet the public mind.
I will not delay its passage by animadverting upon
this insurrection, or attempted insurrection, at
Harper's Ferry. I will not trust myself to speak
of it now; because I do not wish to say a single
word—not one word, sir—to increase the feeling
which is already throughout the land. But it
cannot be disguised, ana I might appeal to you,
sir, [Mr. Brown in the chair,] and to every
southern Senator here, that southern men assem-
ble in this Chamber to-day under a consciousness
of responsibility which they have never felt in
the whole course of their lives before. I might
appeal to you and others, who have come a long
distance through the South to this Capitol, to
show that they represent a constituency moved,
from the loftiest to the lowest individual in them,
with a consciousness in every homestead that
their safety in this Union is in peril; that they
are no longer wanted in the Union; that their fel-
lowship is not sought, but repudiated. This is
no transient, no evanescent feeling; and gentlemen
of the Opposition may deceive themselves in this
matter. I would not deceive them by a wofd. I
think we are on the brink of a crisis such as this
country has never seen before, and I therefore
feel deeply.
In this case the cause of Virginia is the cause
of the South. Our fortunes are united to hers.
We feel proud of her attitude, proud of her high
tone, proud of the legal and constitutional manner
in which her executive and people have met this
.outbreak; and we expect to stand by her in any
issue that she may make. Now, sir, arc not the
southern people justified in looking to the Worth
to quiet public opinion? Are they not justified in
the excitement which is felt there, though it is
not manifested in words or acts, deeply as it under-
lies the current of society? I might appeal to
northern gentlemen for the justification. I might
tell them, sir, that the popular pulpit throughout
the North, that the light literature of tlie liorth,
that the separation of the churches between the
North and the South, that the laws upon her
statute books, the speeches in her Legislatures,
the messages of her Governors, all have tended to
produce the fruits which now stare us in the face.
Gentlemen get up here frankly and disavow, in
terms more or less explicit, all knowledge or con-
currence with, or approval of, the acts of this
simple murderer, midnight assassin, and traitor.
They could not do less. Wo expected nothing
less of gentlemen who have sworn to support the
Constitution and are members of this body. That
is a feeling which would prevail in the breast of
the humblest citizen of the world—a man who
was bound to his fellow-man by the ordinary ties
of humanity.
But, sir, in addition to all the previous elements
which have gone to stir up the South, and to con-
vince her more and more every day that the
North does not desire her fellowship, there are
speeches of men in the ranks of this great over-
shadowing Republican party, who stand a head
and shoulders above all the rest, saying that this
"irrepressible conflict" must go 011 to its final
termination, and telling the people of the North
that they must now put an end to slavery every-
where; and, besides, when the legitimate fruits of
this teaching come forth in the murder and mid-
night assassination at Harper's Ferry, what do
we see? Why, sir, throughout the length and
breadth of the New England States—I believe in
every one of them—meetings of sympathy, con-
dolence, and compassion have been called; and
expressions of this kind evinced for a man who
deserves the severest condemnation throughout
the whole world. Bells are tolled; m Albany one
hundred guns are fired. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] plead ignoranee of the
doings even in his own State, and, if I mistake
not, m his own town of Dover, perhaps within
his own hearing, for he certainly would have at-
tended to it, one of the most violent sermons on
this subject was preached, and the thread of the
standing text of the pulpit is taken from the in-
surrection of John Brown. In view of all this,
are not the southern people justified in drawing
the conclusions which they have drawn ? Is there
not room for them ?
Now, the Senator from Virginia comes here,
and with thec-'.lmest and most dispassionate tone
introduces this resolution of inquiry. A sover-
eign State of this Confederacy has been invaded
by northern men, with a large amount of north-
ern capital, with arms manufactured in northern
States, professing to have numerous friends and
constituents behind them, and with arms calcu-
lated to arm some two thousand persons. We
simply ask how it has transpired ? Had it oc-
curred in the New England States, I think I may
safely say that on this side of the Chamber there
would not have been a word of opposition; we
would have facilitated inquiry, and we would
have done more: from the distant States of Louis-
iana, Florida, and Texas, the New England States
would have offers of assistance—not only ex-
pressions of sympathy for them, and of profound
condemnation of the crimes of treason and mur-
der, but they would have had active cooperation
to suppress such crimes within their borders.
Now, sir, this proposition is met by an indi-
rect opposition. The honorable Senator from Illi-
nois [Mr. Trcmbull] may classify it as he pleases;
but every sensible man throughout the length and
breadth of the land knows that this is a mere at-
tempt to connect the matter with a political issue;
to examine into a subject which has transpired
five years ago, which has undergone investiga-
tion already in the other branch of this Capitol;
and to connect it with this subject, with which it
has not the remotest connection.
Furthermore, sir, we see gentlemen operating in
the same party putting forward, as the exponents
and candidates of their own choice and selection—
for I do not pretend to speak of the acts of any
member of the House of Representatives—two
gentlemen prominently from their whole party
who are distinguished for their zeal in that party,
and distinguished for recommending for publica-
tion and subscribing their money to disseminate
throughout the whole southern States doctrines
which lay the foundation of servile war, insur-
rection , and murder. Throughout all the patriotic
gentlemen who compose that party, they have
selected two, whose names stand prominently for-
ward among sixty others who signed the circular
which has already been alluded to, as their candi-
dates. Now, sir, I am willing to concede that
these gentlemen did not know what they signed;
I know that we are all in the habit frequently of
signing papers of a light nature of which we do
not know the contents; but are the southern people
satisfied with that? Is there any means to reach
them, to show them that the persons who put forth
this circular and document to their destruction,
were not aware of what they were doing? Are
not the southern people justified in drawing the
conclusions they did draw ? I think they are, and
I think our friends 011 the other side must see it;
and when this resolution is put forth calmly as it
has been, without one single word of reproach or
vituperation from any side, it should be met in a
better spirit, and they should assist us here in
transmitting to our constituents the fact that the
North is not overwhelmingly against us; that
there are conservative men there; that this party
does not design to drive us out of the Union.
In this connection, sir, permit me to say that
I disagree with my friend from Georgia, [Mr.
Iverson,] who yesterday took an opportunity to
throw a covert slur at the northern Democracy.
In that he followed the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hale,] whose legitimate office it is
to do so; but, my friend from Georgia is mis-
taken. I believe, sir, that, if there bo in the world
a patriotic band of men, devoted to the best inter-
ests of their country, and determined at every
self-sacrifice to maintain them, it is the gallant
little band of northern Democrats in these very
New England States; and I take this opportunity
to manifest my confidence in their actions.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, before this
debate passes off from the .Senate, I desire to call
the attention of the Senator from Massachusetts,
who yesterday disclaimed, on his own part, as
well as on the part of his constituents—the Black
Republican party of Massachusetts—any sympa-
thy for Brown and his acts, and the attention of
the American Senate and of the American people,
so far as anything I can say here can attract their
attention, to the proceedings of the Legislature of
Massachusetts, on the 2d day of December, 1859;
that memorable day, which, according to distin-
guished men in New England, has been sanctified
by the death of John Brown, as the death of
Christ has sanctified the cross. Now, let us look
at the proceedings of the Legislature of Massa-
chusetts, which, I believe, is a type of the senti-
ments of the Republican party of that State, and
of New England generally; for I apprehend that
the Senator from Massachusetts will not pretend
to say that the Legislature of Massachusetts is
not Republican. I do not know the proportion
between the Republicans and Democrats in that
distinguished body; but, I suppose, from what I
have understood, that nine out of every ten of
them are members of the Republican party. Well,
sir, on the 2d day of December, at the time when
it was suppled that John Brown was about to
swing, these proceedings took place in the Mas-
sachusetts Legislature:
" Friday, December 2,1859.—Senate—Met at ten o'clock.
Prayer by the Chaplain.
" Mr. Luce, of the Island district, moved that, in view
of the fact that this was the day on which John Brown was
sentenced to be hanged, the Senate do now adjourn.
" Mr. Rich, of Suffolk, objected, and called for the yeas
and nays.
" They were ordered, and the roll being called, the mo-
tion was lost, by a vote of 8 to 11, as follows: "
Then the names are given. I do not know how
they are composed; but I will venture the asser-
tion (and if the Senator from Massachusetts
knows, or anybody else knows, the fact, he can
correct me) that there was not a Democrat who
voted in the affirmative to adjourn. The yeas
and nays were:
" Yeas—Messrs. feacon, Bagg, Cornell, Fisher, Hotch-
kiss, Luce, Metcalf, and D. F. Parker—8.
" Nays—Messrs. Atwood, Brannmg, G. L. Davis, Frost,
Goddard, Knight, Odiorne, Osgood, Rich, Sawm, and Sim-
mons—ZI."
A very significant fact appears on this record.
There were nineteen Senators voting, eight for
the adjournment and eleven against it, and there
were twenty absentees. How came these twenty
absentees? It is unexplained; but I take it for
granted that the twenty men were shirking the
question. Could it be possible that twenty of the
Senators of the State of Massachusetts were ab-
sent and had gone home, leaving only nineteen,
less than a quorum present? Twenty of them
did not vote; twenty of them dodged the ques-
tion, doubtless because they were ashamed to
present themselves upon the record. They doubt-
less sympathized with those who desired to ad-
journ, but were either afraid or ashamed to pre-
sent themselves upon the record. How can the
Senator from Massachusetts explain the absence
of these twenty Senators ? How came they to
'be absent and not voting upon a proposition of
this sort? Well, sir, let us go to the House of
Representatives of that Legislature, and see what
was done there:
" I-Iouse—Met at ten o'clock. Prayer by the Chaplain.
" Mr. ltay, of Nantueket, moved that for the great respcct
we iiavc for the truthfulness and faith that John Brown has
in man and his religion, and the etiong sympathy for the
love of liberty, (the avowed principle of Massachusetts,)
for which he is this day to die, this House do now ad-
journ."
He manifested a great deal of sympathy for
religion in the robberies and thefts and murders
which distinguished his life from the time the
public have known anything about it until the
present day ! Well, sir:
a Mr. Wentworth, of Lowell, raised the point of order
that the motion was not debatable.
<■ Some discussion followed on the questions whether the
motion could be debated and amended, or laid over.
"The Chair [Mr. ltiee, of Worcester,] decided that the
motion could be debated, but could not be laid over.
" it was then proposed to amend the order so as to ad-
journ at eleven o'clock and at one.
" Mr. Eobinson, of Mtddleborougli, moved to amend by
striking out all except the motion to adjourn, so as not to
state any reason.
" Mr. Wentworth, of Lowell, appealed from the decision
of tile Chair, but after debate it was sustained.
"Mr. SpotFord, of Newburyport, thought there was a
disposition on the part of some members of the House to
evade the question by striking out the preamble. He op-
posed the motion because it showed a false sympathy for
a man who had trarisgressed the laws, and was to suffer by
paying the forfeit of his life. He closed by calling for the
yeas and nays.1'
Now, Mr. President, it will appear, as I read
on, that of the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives of the Legislature of Massachusetts
who took part in this debate, only two of them
denounced the proceedings of John Brown, and
those two were members of the Democratic party.
Mr. Spofford is well known to persons on this
floor. He is known to me personally. He was
a young and spirited man, who was the clerk of
