2936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
leased a large national claim against the United
States, which I believe has been estimated at be-
tween two and three million dollars,forviolationof
the treaty of 1830, the Senate agreed, and thought
it proper to give to the Choctaw nation the net
proceeds of the sales of all the lands which they
had ceded to the United States by the treaty of
1830, but deducting from that gross amount the
entire amount of expenditures which the United
States had made, either in fulfilling that treaty or
in their attempts to fulfill the treaty; so that, after
all, the award as it was finally made does not
take one d ollar from the Government of the United
States, but simply refuses to make a speculation
out of the ceded lands.
The principles, the ideas, the views of the com-
mittee, are embodied in an elaborate report. It is
unnecessary to go into that, since that matter is
all closed now by the award of the Senate at the
last session. That award further contained a
provision and an order that the Secretary of the
Interior should be requited to report toCongiess
the sum due to the Choctdws under the principles
of the award. "Wc have now that report, which
lias been referred to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs, and is by them reported to the Senate with
a reduction of $650,000 from the amount. The
amendment which [ have offered embraces the
balance thus found by taking from the amount
reported by the Secretary of the Interior an addi-
tional amount, which the Committee on Indian
Affairs thought ought to he dedu< ted from it, of
$650,000, leaving an amount of abouttwo million
three hundred thousand dollais. This is Iti pur-
suance of the final award of the Senate. I do not
deem it competent to go behind that award. Xtis
final; it is conclusive; it is irrepealable.
I will say further, that when this ease was up
for discussion before, at the called session of the
Senate last year, i was interrogated by the Sen-
ator from New York [Mr. King] as to the prob-
able amount of this award. I then stated frankly
to the Senate that it was a large claim; that my
estimate of the amount was nothing moie than an
approximate guess; and that it would amount to
■ at least from eight hundred thousand to one mil-
lion dollars. With this statement of mine, the
award of the Senate was made, T believe, without
even a division, or a call for a vote. In my esti-
mate of the amount 1 was mistaken. After ap-
plying these principles, however just they were—
and they were right, no matter what the amounts
may be—we were mistaken asto the amount that
would result from this kind of inquiry; but the
principle was just. That mistake, I say in jus-
tice to myself only, was occasioned by the fact
that, in answer to inquiries which had been pio-
pounded by the committee to the Land Office, the
sales of land were supposed to be much less than
they turned out to be, after a final and aecuiate
return. That final answer of the Land Office is
upon file, and I allude to the fact in order to ad-
monish the Senate, that while I was mistaken, 1
was mistaken on grounds which very naturally
led me into mistake. It docs not, however, alter
the principle of the case. The committee were
for allowing the Indians the net proceeds of the
land, amount to what they would. We supposed
it would be a large amount, although less than it
is; but the principle isright, and the award is irre-
pealable. It is right, whether the sum amounts
to $500,000 or $5,000,000. If it were competent
or legitimate to go into the investigation of the
justice of the views which the Committee on In-
dian Affairs took upon that subject, it would be
an easy task to defend them; but I am not called
upon to do that, and I will not now consume the
precious time of the Senate by going into it. I
state the facts briefly, as they arc. It is now a
final obligation of the United States to pay an
ascertained amount under a tieaty, as much sons
any of the round amounts which are voted in the
Indian bill, and theotherappropriation bills,every
day.
1 have given what I promised, a brief expla-
nation of th''. condition and character of the claim.
I shall content myself with that, unless remarks
in opposition to it should call for somethmgmore.
Mr. TOOMBS. I ask ihe Senator fi ora Arkan-
sas if he pioposos to appropriate $*2,300,000?
Mr. .SEBASTIAN. That is the amount.
Mr. TOOMBS. My understanding of the bal-
ance, as struck by the Department, is ,851,000.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. No; the Senator from
Georgia is mistaken about that. The amount as j
returned by the Department was $2,993,720. That |
did not embrace the amount of the five per cent, i
fttnd paid upon the sales of land to the State of
Mississippi under the compact of 1819 with that
State. The committee thought that ought to be
deducted. They thought two million nine hun-
dred thousand acres of land which were disposed
offor swamp land, railroad, and sixteenth section
purposes, ought not to be charged by the Choc-
taws against the United States, because the Gov-
ernment had never sold them. We therefore
deducted that amount out at twelve and a half
cents an acre, which was the rate allowed to the
Choctaws.
Mr. TOOMBS. But the Department deducted
§530,000 for the Chickasaw sale, and $600,000 for
the lease of a portion of the Choctaw country.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Senator from Geor-
gia is mistaken about the Department having 1
done that. In the end of the repot t those items :
are mentioned. That is all.
Mr. TOOMBS. I have the report before me,
and I have examined it, because I was charged
with this duty the other day.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. The Commissioner of In-
dian Affairs, in his great anxiety to conceal no
fact which might possibly have a bearing on this
case, adverted to facts which I think have no con-
nection in the world with it. It was, of course,
a laudable anxiety of his; but the committee
thought that had nothing in the world to do with
the case. After the Choctaws acquired the country
west by a cession of a pait of their territory in
M ississippi, and after the treaty of 3830 was made,
they being owners of the western country, they
sold a portion of it to the Chickasaw nation for
$530,000, which the United States paid to the Choc-
taws out of the Chickasaw moneys then in the
Treasury. At a subsequent tune, the Choctaws
leased to the United States another part of then-
territory for $600,000, which was paid to them
out of the Treasury of the United States, making
a gross amount of $1,130,000. These two amounts
are not under the treaty at all, and have nothing
m the world to do with it. This territory, thils
ceded to the Chickasaws and to the United States
by different atiangements, was the property of
the Choctaw nation, acquired by the treaty of
1820, in exchange for lands which they had ceded
to the United States by that treaty in Mississippi,
embracing five of the most populous, wealthy cot-
ton planting counties in that State. That was the
consideration which they paid for this land; and
in their subsequent cessions of a poition of it to
the Chickasaws, and a portion to the United States,
they were disposing simply of their own prop-
erty, and it could scarcely be considered an ex-
penditure under the treaty of 1830. The reason
why this note was made—for it is no part of the
return, but a mere note outof caution by.the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs—was this: by the
treaty of 1820 the cession was made of this terri-
tory, and by the treaty of 1830 the United States
guarantied to gire a patent for it: inasmuch, there-
fore,as the second article guarantying a patent for
this land was in the treaty of 1630, the Commis-
sioner of Indian Affairs, from abundant caution,
chose to call the attention of Congress to this fact,
not knowing but that it imght have some remote
bearing on the case. In the settlement between
the United States and the Choctaws, of course,
these sales by the Choctaws of lands which they
owned by a previous treaty, and for which a pat-
tent only was to be issued by a subsequent one,
could not possibly, with any propriety, be taken
into the account; for they were not expenditures
under that treaty. With this explanation, I think
the case is now presented.
Mr. TOOMBS. I had occasion to examine this
matter with reference to a measure which was
under my control in the Senate; and therefore,
while I do not pretend to be as fully p.osted upon
it as is necessary for so grave a matter, I have
some information which I am requested to give,
and which, possibly, may stand until somebody
else can give it more accurately. The history of
the case seems to be this: in 1820 a treaty was
made between the United States and the Choctaw
Indians, they ceding a small portion of country,
embracing certain counties, I believe Warren and
Hinds, and other counties in Mississippi, that
were valuable, but 8 very small portion of coun-
try. By that treaty of 1820 the United States
made the usual treaty grants, and also agreed to
give the Choctaws fifteen million acres of land
between the lied river and the Arkansas, west of
the present boundary of the State of Arkansas.
At the same time, the Choctaws agreed, after
ceding that land in Mississippi, to fix a boundary;
and when they became sufficiently civilized to be-
come citizens of the United States, that limited
quantities of the land then n-ot ceded in Missis-
sippi should be assigned to the Indians wishing
to remain in Mississippi; and the Choctaws who
remained east of the Mississippi were to become
citizens of Mississippi and the United States.
That was the treaty, and the land west of Ark-
ansas was intended for the use of all such Choc-
taws as chose to go to it. A few went—I think
some strolling bands of hunters—but they were
very few. This was a very large and beautiful
and valuable country. Subsequently, a supple-
mental y treaty was made, in 1S25, by which
there was no cession. In 1830, in carrying out
the policy of the Government, to emigrate the
Indians west of the Mississippi, the treaty of
Dancing Rabbit creek was made, upon which this
great claim is predicated. By that treaty, which
was really but a supplementary treaty to the one
of 1820, the United States gave a reservation to
the chiefs of four sections of land; to every head
of a family a section; to every child over ten
years old a half section; and to every child under
ten years a quarter section; making a very large:
and very liberal allowance to the Indians who
chosc to remain cast of the Mississippi river; and
they made a very large allowance (which finally
cost the United States *>1,500,000) to emigrate such
as desired to remove west of the Mississippi, and,
m addition to that,gave them §400,000 and other
valuable aid. For all this the United States got
nothing, unless they got the remainder of the land
m Mississippi, after taking these reservations out.
It is very clear that the United States, in that
treaty,whatever may have been the construction
since put upon it, never intended to give the Choc-
taws the entire net proceeds of this country east
of the Mississippi, for they had given them in
exchange a much larger and equally valuable
country. They treated with the Chickasaws,
who did get the net proceeds of their land, prob-
ably in 1832. There were complaints from the
Indians that these reservations were not faithfully
given them—that the Indians were not permitted
to make their applications within six months, as
provided by the treaty; some went west, and they
said theagentswould notreceivc theirapplications
at all, and therefore the United States had robbed
them of the benefits of the treaty. That may be; but
it is a question that requires calm and grave delib-
eration. Probably injustice was done. We passed
various supplemental acts to give them land scrip
m lieu of these reservations which they said they
were cheated out of. Time rolled on; twenty-five
years passed away; and finally, while wc were
looking into the claim of the Indians who never did
get the land scrip, or if they did, said they were
forced to part with it at a loss, they came to us and
made a claim for the Indians who never got a reser-
vation. After some discussion, they said, "upon
the whole you had better give its the net proceeds
of the lands," and in 1855 an arrangement was
made, called an Indian treaty—weall know what
Indian treaties mean, arrangements made in the
Departments—by which they agreed to refer the
question of what these Indians were entitled to,to
the Senate—a tribunal that I think ought not to
be encouraged. 1 suppose the whole world never
saw a body less competent to make contracts. I
do not think there are sixty-six sensible people of
common understanding on earth less qualified than
this body to make contiacts. We ratified the
treaty of 1855. somehow or other, possibly with
our hats in our hands, just as we were about to
lea^e the Chamber late in the day. We after-
wards agreed, it seems, on a report of the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, as the honorable Senator
says, to give the Choctaws the net proceeds of
their lands, by way of settling up the whole busi-
ness, and referred the question to the Secretary
of the Interior to state the account. We did
make the tjeaiy; but the difficulty I see now, and
one I am not satisfied of, and one that I think re 
quires a good deal of explanation is this: the Secre-
tary in taking the account, found that the net
proceeds of the lands were $2,993,000, to which,
certainly, the Choctaw nation had no more claim
