1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1049
for this body is the representative of these two
interests. I regard it as the duty of Congress, so
far as the powers which have been delegated to it
will enable it to do, to endeavor to promote and
advance the prosperity of all parts of this country;
of both these sections, if you call them sections;
of both these conditions of society. That may be
a very difficult problem; but the more difficult it
is, the more we should be willing to grasp it, meet
it, do our duty in relation to it. I think we are
not at liberty to set aside any one part of our
country, or any one of these conditions of society,
on the ground that we cannot exactly reconcile
its privileges, its interests, its duties, with those
of the other. That problem is put into our hands
in the formation of our Government, in the exist-
ence of this Government, and we cannot do our
duty if we avoid it.
It is, I say, Mr. President, not an easy task to
shape the policy of this Government, to order the
forms of our commercial intercourse, to lay our
duties and taxes, to frame all our laws in such a
manner as shall best promote the advantage of
the whole of this people, and both of these classes,
and this whole community. It may be true, at
times, that we shall find tire interests of one part
conflicting in some degree with the interests of
another part, and therefore it is that the problem
may be difficult of solution practically in our
hands; but it is nevertheless the problem put into
our hands. It is to that we must address our-
selves. It is that which we must perform as far
as we can, and as much as in us lies.
The first thing that occurs to my mind is this
question: is it at all probable that we can, either
of us, induce the other to adopt our system of
society r Argue it as long as we please, spend as
much of our time and breath about it as we may,
in commendation of the respective systems which
we represent, and to which we belong, after all,
I believe there is very little reason to suppose
that in this Hall one party will be able to induce
the other to adopt its system. It is not very
likely, it is not very probable. Whenever the
system of either party is attacked, and its weak-
nesses attempted to bo exposed, each may stand
on the defensive, and that is well enough, if so be
that it is conducted in appropriate spirit, and with
that courtesy and urbanity which should become
the places that we occupy in this, which ought to
be regarded as an august body.
It will hardly do to say that these two condi-
tions of society cannot exist in the same nation.
There is a cocxistence in the same nation. There
is another kind of coexistence in the same mun-
icipal government. They are not the same thing.
I fancy that, after an experiment of eighty years
or more, we may at least say that we can exist,
and prosperously, too, m the same nation. The
lesson of our own experience teaches as much as
.hat these two conditions can exist, and exist ,
prosperously, m the same nation. Bui when we
*>ay that, we should recollect that the word " 11a- 1
tion," as applied to a people like ours, is a term
composed of an aggregate of separate nations, in
one sense separate sovereignties; and all the in-
ternal and fnunieipal regulations to which the con-
dition of society belongs, fall appropriately and
exclusively w ithin the juiisdiction of the local
authorities of the sovereign States.
Then there may be a well-shaped and well-con-
ducted and prosperously-conducted nation, with
one condition of society, in one State, in one mu-
nicipality, and another in another State. They
may both be prosperous within the same nation:
but, after all, they cannot coexist in the same
municipal government. That is a mere truism,
perhaps. It requires one simply to state it to ap-
prehend it. I say a State cannot be a non-slave-
holding State and a slavchoMin? State at the same
time; and I may say, I may add with equal truth,
that I think our experience shows Ub that, under
a territorial government, a Territory cannot bent
the same time, a slaveholding and a free Terntoi y.
I believe that experiment has been attempted, and
it is a failure; the thing cannot be. It would seem
to be very obvious on the mere statement. It
would involve a paradox.
Well, now, sir, what shall we do with this coun-
try, having these two conditions of society spread
over it and existing in it? What is our duty m
n-lation to the matter? We have no quarrel or
difficulty in relation to slavery, so far as it exists
within the separate States, It exists under the
opeiation and protection of the governments of
those separate States, peaceably and quietly. But
the question arises, what shall we do in relation
to it when we come to the territory which lies out
of and beyond the jurisdiction of the several States?
We must keep the peace about it; it must be ar-
ranged in some way. What can we do with it?
How can we get along with it, quietly and peace-
ably? I think we, like any other people, might
be enabled, if we were so inclined, to draw some
lessons of advantage from our own experience,
and from the history of our own country. We
are apt to forget, in the hurry of new and untried
experiments, that after all experience is the safest
guide for to-day and the safest guide for truth.
We sneak of our fathers—they who established
this Government. How did they manage it? Is
it not well enough for us occasionally to look at
the old way, and ascertain how it was? The fur-
ther we get into difficulty, the more troubles we
experience in trying new modes and new exper-
iments, the more we ought to be inclined>to sec
how this matter was managed originally, and how
thatmanagementsucceeded. How was it? Ithink
nothing can be more clear, on a candid examina-
tion, than that they looked upon slavery as a great
evil. So admitsMr. Calhoun himself; undoubted-
ly it was true. No man disputes that now. Ho^
did they propose to manage it? It was in this
way: the old Congress of the Confederation was
sitting at the time the convention was sitting in
Philadelphia. In that Confederation Congress
they acted in relation to the then known and then
owned territory of the United* States, lying out
of and beyond the limits of the separate States;
and, in providing aGovernmcntforit, enacted that
slavery or involuntary servitude, except for crime,
should not there exist; it was entirely forbidden.
That provision was handed over and duly notified
to the convention that was sitting to form the
Constitution; sitting cotemporaneously. They
understood that it was in no way disapproved by
them. They provided in the Constitution that
Congress should have power4 c to make all needful
rules and legulations for the disposition of the
territory and other property of the United States;
thus bestowing on the new proposed Government I
the power of control over the Territories, and ;
they immediately exercised it in the First Con-
gress, by legitimating: and adapting the provisions
of the ordinance of 1787 to the then existing form
of government.
There was another thing. They did not look
upon slavery then as a mere local matter—a mat-
ter of mere local interest. The nation provided
for the Northwest Territory; but that was not
all. It was then undoubtedly the general prevail-
ing opinion that if you cut off the supply of slaves :
by prohibiting the African slave trade, and lim- ;
ited the extent of territory in which slavery should i
exist, by confining it to its then existing limits, it ;
would finally die out. There is no doubt that |
they entered upon that experiment. They vested S
m Congress the power, after 1808, to which time j
the extreme southern States then desired to con- !
tinuc the trade, to cut off that foreign supply—to ;
cut off the African slave trade; and thev had in 1
the ordinance of 1787, the continuance of which '
the new Constitution contemplated, a provision i
for limiting the extent of territory m which it .
should prevail.
I have been charged over and over—I can re-
member at least three times, by three different
gentlemen in the Senate, in the progress of this
discussion—with having said, which was true,
that I behoved the more limited the extent of ter-
ritory to which slavery was confined, the sooner
it would come to an end. The honorable Sena-
tor from Alabama, [Mr. Clay,] the honorable Sen-
atorfrom North Carolina, [Mr. Cli.vgmax,] and, I
believe, other gentlemen, have teemed to think
that, in approving of that sentiment, I am an Abo-
litionist: and one Senator says tnatthat is nothing
more nor less than a plan to smok*. them out—
not a very elegant expression. Hrsve I enter-
tained any new thought on that suoj'.et: I desire
to call attention for one moment to a single re-
mark made by the Senator from "\ iriiinia at this
session. Mr. Mason* said, on the 23d ot January,
speaking of those who made tin Constitution:
I believe tins was their opmioa* their prejudice was
aimed ayuni t the loretgu £iaw the AMi'*cui tl.uo
tKuk\ and their belief v\..rh ir hv -.uu.iilt that oli. .-lavoiy
would the out oi itself, without am ud of abolition I
tempted at one time to show, bv the recorded opinion* oi
Mr. that the famous ordinance of 176*, ho iai as
it prohibited -l.irnv in um tomton northwest uf tuu Oiito,
was aimed at the African slave trade, and aimed at that
alone; the idea being that if they could restrict the area into
which slaves coaid be introduced from abroad, they would,
to that extent, prevent the importation of slaves; and that,
when it was altogether prevented, the condition of slavery
woyld die out of itself; but tbey were not Abolitionists, far
less within the meaning and spirit of the Abolitionist of
the present day."
That is the view I wished to present in shorter
words. They entertained the idea that if the na-
tion would cut off the foreign supply,~and would
limit the area into which slavery was to go, it
would dieout. I am not now proposing to say
how far this idea of theirs was correct; but I must
say that I have a strong desire to play out that
play. I have much desire to see that play played
out. Let us go on and carry through the experi-
ment on which this Government was founded;
because it was under this idea—in the meridian
blaze of this idea—that our Constitution was
framed. It was framed by men who entertained
this thought, and it was framed for the purpose
of carrying it out. Hence it was that the power
to cut off the foreign supply was vested in Con-
gress, and the limitation in the Territories was
done in the ordinance approved by Congress.
Mr. President, is there anything new in the idea
which now constitutes the leading feature of the
Republican platform—that is, keeping slavery out
of the Territories, and keeping the foreign supply
still cut off? One would suppose, who had come
Into this body for the last two or three months,
that somehow or other this sentiment, this prin-
ciple, this proposed object, was anew and unheard
of aggression that was utterly unexampled; that
there was no precedent for it in the Government;
that it called upon all men, everywhere, to' raise
their voices in utter execration of the whole of it;
and we have been called upon, from day to day,
instead of proposing to carry out this princi-
ple, to disband utterly, throw down our arms,
and disperse, as the English said to our fathers
upon the field of Lexington. Sir, there is nothing
new in it at all. It was the very framework, it
constituted the great cspecial clement of the Con-
stitution; it was one of the great leading purposes
of its formation. Gentlemen have wandered so far
and so fast from this principle, amid the variety
of dogmas now set up, one of them being parent
to the other, they have made so large a depart-
ure, that when they corac to look at the thing in
its modern aspect, men are startled at it, because
it does violence to their newly-invented dogmas,
not because there is anything new or strange in it.
But, Mr. President, we acquired other and fur-
ther territory than what was owned at the time
the Constitution was formed. We did not at that
time, if you pleas^properly own that part of the
country which now makes Mississippi and Ala-
bama. It belonged to Georgia. Ourpeopleclaimed
it—claimed that the title to a large part of it, at
least, was in the United States, and not in Geor-
gia. That was not merely the part ceded by South
Carolina. There was another small piece; which
was, the difference of the line of Florida as made
by the British treaty, and as practically run. ITow
did the United States arrange the matter when
they acquired more territory—that part which
they got from North Carolina which makesTen-
nesseo, and that part winch they obtained from
France—the Louisiana purchase ? How did they
manage under this same Constitution in relation
to the"subject of slavery in that country I had
occasion to examine, with some care, this very
question some time since, and 1 presented it in as
brief words as I could in the report which I made
in 1856, in relation to the Kansas difficulties. As
I said then, I desire to inquire what our Govcrn-
' ment did m relation to that, for two purposes: in
the first place, to show what power they exor-
cised, ana then the manner of excrcisiag it. I
think the manner in which they exercised it will
clearly show us what power they understood
themselves to possess; and not only so, but the
manner in which they executed that power, so as
to show us clearly their purposes.
"What did they <lo r I grant to the Senator from
Georgia, for I believe he has called our attention
two or three times this session to the act of 1793,
that K is not true that Congress always prohibited
blavery m the Tciritories; not that they had not
the power to do it, but because of its inexpe-
diency. The true ground on which they went,
the rule they followed, was this, as the whole les-
son of our history will show: where slavery was
actually existing "in the country to any consider-
