1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2987
than I had. There mighthavc been individual In-
dians wi unged undei the treaty, who were entitled ||
to compensation for that wrong; but the Choctaw '\
nation had not a shadow of right under the treaty
of 1830, and no man pretends it. The Secretary ;
in taking the account, after making the net pro- 1
reeds $2,933,000, on ihe per contra allowed the :
United States, as I undeistanddiffetcnily from the ;
chairman of the committee, a credit for §530,000
worth of land that the Chiekasaws boughiof their
brethren, the Choctaws, and that was paid out of ,
their own trust fund, and cost us nothing. After- j
Wards, the United States wanting a portion of this ;
country in the West, upon the Canadian fuik of '
the Arkansas ri\er, bounded by the Red river on '
the south and the boundary of tiie United States i
on the west, by the Canadian fork probably on [
the north, and the Choctaw nation on the east, |
agreed to give them ^600,000 fora perpetual lease j
of that land, in order that we might put on it cur- :
tain wild Indians that we had nowhere else to 1
put. Therefore, for part of the fifteen million
acres of land which we had given the Choctaws
under the treaty of 1820, to which the treaty ot i
1830 was but supplemental, they got §1,130,000. ,
The Senator strikes that out; but the repot i of the |
Secretary of the Inteiior leases it undecided, un- :
less 1 misapprehend it. I had occasion to exam- !
ine it, and did it with «omo care, on the strong :
argument of the very able gentleman who repre-
sents the Indians.® 1
Air. SEBASTIAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will call his attention again to the fact that
the Seeietary of the Interior does not repoit this
as part of his official report; but after he gets
through, he puts on this postscript or note—I have
not got it before me, but I remember the language |
—that it is to be observed that the Choctaws have ]
sold a certain amount of this countiy west to the |
Ciisekusaws for $'530,000, which was pmd out of '
then moneyin the Treasury of the United States, '
and thft the Government afterwards obtained a
lease of lands for which they p.nd ^G00,000 more
to the Choctaws.
Air. TOOMBS. That is the way I stated it,
exactly.
A'Ir/SEBASTIAN. It is in the report, but not
embraced by the Secretary so as to say whether
it is m the resolution or not. It is a mere state-
ment of fact, that it was deemed necessary to state
out of abundant caution.
Air. TOOMBS. Aly honoiable fiiend from
Ai kansas will perceive that I was giving the same
narrative of the facts and was coming to the ap-
plication. The difficulty in the case is, that we
have not got an account stated. It seems thatthe
Commissioner, to whom we referred it, says that
if the $530,000 paid to the Choctaws for lan'ds sold
to the Chiekasaws, and if the ^600,000 which the
United States paid for the iaud they bought tor
the wild Indians, be taken into the account, there
is only $1,850,000 due; and making the Senator'*
deductions from that, the total amount would be
brought down lo about one million two hundred
thouMind or one million thieo hundred thousand
dollars. If he has not decided it, is the Senate
prepared to decide it upon an appropriation bill?
Air. CLARK- Will the Senator from Georgia
suffer me to intt irupt him for a moment?
Air. TOOMBS. C-rtamly.
Air, CLARK. The treaty of 1855 settles these
two sums conclusively; tliat they are to be allowed
and still held by the Government lor the Indians
—the §530,000 that was reserved in stocks out of
the Chickasaw fund, and the §500,000 that was
reserved and not paid over to the Choctaws out
of the ^000,000 agieed to be paid for the lease of
their lands. The lieaty settles that. *
Air. TOOMBS. I understand what the treaty
was, but the Senator does not seem to appreciate
my point. The Choctaws have got the whole
benefit of the *,600,000 and the $530,000. The
Government took the latter amount out of the
Chickasaw fund and gave it to the Choctaws. It
is submitted to us, on the part of theSecretary of
the Interior, whether these two sums aie to be
allowed as a credit m the account between the
United Stales and the Choctaws upon this settle-
ment of their accounts.
Air. CLARK. For the very reason that the
treaty of iboo provides that it shall not be, but
shall be still held as a fund in trust for the Indians.
Sueh is the language of the treaty.
Air. TOOAIBS. I am quite aware of that, and
nobody pretends to take it away. So it is with
everything else we pay them. Wo pay them
^400,000 a year. We know it is theirs, and do not
intend to di.-'u'b j(; but the question is whether,
in making th>'j equitable account,the United States
shall be ciediied for this much money that it is
admitted the Choctaws have got. The treaty of
1855 does not settle that.
Mr. CLARK. I think it does, clearly.
! Air. TOOMBS. Not at all. Otherwise, why
11 refer the question to the Senate? I know we
agreed to hold for them the <,600,000 and the
i, ^530,000; but the treaty of 1855 did not settle the
'! account. We were to give them the net proceeds
'I of the land. The Senate agreed to give them the
i; net proceeds, deducting legitimate credits. Now,
[j what are legitimate ciedus is the point m tins
[; ease; and the treaty of 1855, so far from settling
1' it, referred it to the Senate, and the Senate agreed
to give the net proceeds,afterdeducting legitimate
|,; credits. Now, whether these §1,130,000 arc le-
1 gitimate or illegitimate credits, is the question to
• be determined.
ij Air. CLARK. I think I can make that appa-
ll rent. In 1837, by neaty with the Chiekasaws
'j and Choctaws, the Choctaws ceded a part of their
land to the Chiekasaws.
■' Air. TOOAIBS. Yes, sir; I have stated that
fully and fairly, and the Choctaws got §530,000
1 for it.
i; Air. CLARK. I understand that, but the Sen-
!; ator will paidon me for going back a little. The
Chiekasaws paid out *>f their funds $530,000.
:l §30,000 of that was paid at the time the annuities
!| were paid to the Choctaws, and §500,000 wasin-
jj vested for the Choctaws. So far, we understand
■ each other.
I| All. TOOMBS. Yes, sir.
j1 Air. CLARK. By the treaty of 1855,the Choc-
\ taws and Chiekasaws made a new division among
• \ themselves of their land. The Choctaws agreed
,j to cede a part of their lands to the United States
ii —all west of the one hundredth meridian.
il Mr. TOOAIBS. Ali west of the ninety-eighth,
i! Air. CLARK. They agreed to lease to the
![ United States that portion of their land between
ji the ninety-eighth and theonehundredih meiidian, j
j1 and to cede what was west of the one hundredth, j
I For that land and the new division, the Choc- \
i! taws agreed to pay to the Chiekasaws the sum of j
i' §150,000, and the United States agreed to pay the ;
|i Choctaws §600,000. After that provision in the ;
j! treaty, they proceed to make a provision that this I
II dispute about the net proceeds of the lands shall j
j; be referred to the Senate of the United States, to j
Il say whether they should have the net proceeds. '
I] Air. TOOAIBS. 1 understand that. I merely j
J want to make a statement. I do not care about '
'j disputing it. '
'> Atr. CLARK. Will the Senator let me get
through r
Air. TOOAIBS. The Senator is interrupting,
ij me. I wish he would wait until I get through. ,
} Air. CLARK. The Senator will excuse me. :
I thought he was through. I did not understand j
\ that I was interrupting him.
• \ Air. TOOAIBS. I was not through. I admit .
"i that my knowledge of it is imperfect, and I would ,
ji rather be enlightened by gentlemen; but I was '
Ij requested to give whafciufoimation I had about i
!| the matter. This matter, under the treaty of 1855, [
jt was refeirrd to the Secretary of the Interior to ,
i! state the account under a resolution passed by the ;j
Senate at the extra session last spring, when 1 u
was not here. We did agree to give the Indians |
the net proceeds; but thcTdifficully is as to what
are net proceeds. I think, indeed I know, that
we agref d to a very wrong thing. There never
was a solitary foundation tor it on the face of the :
earth; and how anybody could have voted for it,
1 cannot imagine, because it is plainly in the lace
of the treaty, cveiy line and every word of it.
The Indians were to have certain reservations,
and we were to have the rest of the land. We
actually took it and sold it, and got §3,000.000 for
it, and our people kept it for a quarter of a cen-
tu'rv before there was ever a word said about this
demand of the net proceeds of all the lands m
A Mississippi which had belonged to the Indians.
It is a chum wholly unsustainable by one line m
the treaty, according to my judgment. This ques-
tion came up when! happened to be a member of
the Indian Comlnittee some years a^o, and 1 gave
attention to it as a member of that committee.
If this recommendation of the Interior Depart-
ment—I think it is a recommendation of the In-
terior Department—^o allow the $1,130,OOObe car-
ried out, what becomes of the ten million acres of
land ? This sum of §1,130,000 was part and par-
cel of the proceeds of a portion of the fifteen mil-
lion acres we exchanged with the Choctaws for
the lands east of the Mississippi. Now, it seems
thatthe Secretary, on the account stated, allows us
these §1,130,000, or perhaps leaves it undecided -
whether we are entitled to a credit for it, and we
are to decide this question. In coming to a con-
clusion upon it, one principle is clear: if wc are
entitled to a credit for the £1,130,000, we are also
entitled to a credit for the bafance of the fifteen
million acres of land now in their possession. We
chaige the Indians with §1,130,000, the proceeds
of some of these fifteen million acres. 1 say we
are entitled to a credit for the other ten million;
and if we are entitled to that crcdit the Choctaws
will find themselves on the wrong side of the bal-
ance sheet, because the balance will be largely in
favor of the United States. It is not clear to my
mind that they ought not to be so charged. If
you made an equitable arrangement to set aside
the treaties and do equity, I am willing to pay
these people justly. But I do not think the pres-
ent arrangement just to the United States, and I
would be astonished that the treaty of 1855 should
have passed this body without scrutiny, if I did
not know how careless the Senate is m all mat-
ters connected with public expenditure.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire, though I may be a little
tedious, to say a few words more on this matter,
because I think the proposition is clcarly right. I
have bestowed on it a good deal of care and atten-
tion, and 1 have come to the conclusion that this
amendment is right. The amendment was moved
under the direction of the Committee on Indian
Affairs, who believed it to be right. I hold in my
hand the awaid of the Senate, made m March,
i 1859:
1 " Resolved, That the Choctaws be allowed the procecd3
j of the sale ol Mich lamb a-* have been s-old by the United
! State-* on the 1-t da\ of January last, 1859, deducting thvre-
! l'orm the cost-s o!" their survey and ><aie, and all proper ex-
penditures and payments under &aid tieaty, excluding the
resei\ ations allowed and sccurcd, and estimating the scrip
j-nied in lieu of re-civations at the late of $1 03 per acie ;
and further, that the> be also allowed twelve and a half
cents per acre lor the lesidue of b.ud lands/"
Under that award, the Senate directed an ac-
count to be taken 
Air. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will give
way, I will move an adjournment. It is manifest
that we cannot get through with this bill to-night.
1 Air. CAMERON. Before that motion is made,
j I desire to make a motion which I believe is a
i privileged one. I move to reconsider the vote re-
i jecting the amendment providing for defraying the
expenses of the geological reconnoissancc and
' survey in Oregon.
Air. TRUAIBULL. Now, I renew the motion
1 to adjourn.
! Air. FESSENDEN. I hope not. Let us finish
S this bill to-night.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 17, noes 15;
and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
WeuxesTday, June 13, I860.
The House met at eleven o'clock, a. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas H. Stocktok.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
. before the House a communication fiom theSec-
! rctary of the Inteiior, in answer to a resolution
of the House of the 4th instant, transmitting a
statement prepared under the direction of the Scc-
retaiy of the Treasury, of all sums paid out of
; the Treasury for expenses of the Court ol Claims,
; and for the defense by the Government of cases
:! therein since its organization,specifying the chai-
' actcr of the expenditures, to whom paid, and the
'i amount m detail; which was laid upon the table,
. and ordered to be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House two
j reports from the Postmaster General: one as to
1 the expenditure of the contingent fund of his De-
I paitment, and the other transmitting a list of
,1 cleiks and other employes in his Department;
j| which were severally laid upon'the table, and
il ordered to be printed.
