30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
partyior Speaker of the House of Representatives
of the present Congress, has taken occasion to
disavow any knowledge of what was in the
Helper pamphlet at the time he indorsed it and
recommended it; but, sir, that is adding insult to
injury. ^ The man who with a knowledge of what
it contained indorsed and approved it committed
a crime, a crime against sovereign States, acrime
against the Constitution and rights of the people
of this country, a crime which Brown has expi-
ated upon the gallows, and which ought to hang
every man who has approved or indorsed it; but
he who signed such a paper, he who recom-
mended it, he who put his name to it in ignorance
of its contents, has not only committed a crime,
but an act of folly which deserves the execration
of every honorable man in the community. In-
dorse treasonable sentiments without knowing
what they are! And yet the Republican party
propose to elevate to a high office a man who lias
done this; who has attempted to circulate ft pam-
phlet containing the most treasonable and the
most insurrectionary sentiments, filled with ap-
peals not only to slaveholders but to the slaves
themselves, exciting insurrection and advising
our slaves to fire our dwellings and put their
knives to our throats. This is the sentiment
which has been approved and has been circulated
by the subscriptions of distinguished political men
in the northern States, members of the Republi-
can party; and one of these men, who does not
deny, and dare not deny that he put his signature
to the recommendation, is now brought forward
as the honored candidate of a great political party
of this country for the third office in the gift of
the American people; an office the occupant of
which may some time or other, by the accident
of God, hold the reins of this Government in his
hands.
Mr. HALE. Will the Senator allow me, right
there, to put a question to him ?
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir; not unless you want
to make an explanation of something that you
have said, or call on me for an explanation.
Mr. HALE. I do want to call on the Senator
for an explanation, if he will give it.
Mr. IVERSON. You can reply to me when
I get through.
Mr. HALE. Tt is a simple question that I
want to ask, and I think it is a fair one,and I be-
lieve the Senator will think so if he will allow me
to put it.
Mr. IVERSON. Mr. President, I never have
myself approved of carrying on debates by put-
ting a question to a gentleman when he is up for
the purpose of annoying or harassing him, and
1 object to Senators doingit on this occasion. If
I say anything which the Senator from New
Hampshire does not like, he can obtain the floor
alter 1 get through and can reply. I have but a
few words more to say on this subject.
Sir, the course which the Republican party, the
dominant party of a majority of these States, is
pursuing at this time, warns, or ought to warn,
the southern people of the danger under which
they live in this Confederacy. They stand upon
the very brink of a volcano, and unless we take
time by the forelock and provide for our safety
before it is too late, what will be our condition?
Sir, while Senators on the other side of this floor
and elsewhere are disclaiming any sympathy with
Brown; while they are professing to observe the
rights of the southern States, and say that they
do not intend to interfere with slavery 111 any State
of this Union, they are endeavoring by every
possible means in their power to strengthen the
anti-slavery sentiment of the northern States, and
now they are banded together, as I have said, to
elect to the Speakership of the House of Repre-
sentatives a marLwho has indorsed the sentiments
to which I have alluded.
Sir, I will tell you what I would do, if I had the
control of the southern members of this House
and the other, when you elect John Sherman,
as I suppose you will, because I take it for granted
that you will find traitors enough in the ranks of
the northern Democracy to elect him: you have
not got the power in your own ranks, but I reckon
you will take a few of the anti-Leeompton North-
ern Democrats finally to do it. If I had control
of the public sentiment, the very moment that you
elect John Sherman, thus giving to the South
the example of insult as well as injury, I would
walk, every one of us, out of the Halls of this
Capitol, and consult our constituents; and I would
never enter again until I was bade to do so by
those who had the right to control me. Sir, 1 go
further than that. 1 would counsel my constit-
uents instantly to dissolve all political ties with a
party and a people who thus trample on our
rights. That is what I would do.
I do not know that the southern members will
take my advice. Perhaps they consider me a little
rash. I am considered, I believe, even in Georgia,
a little too ultra; but, sir, whatis the Union worth
when the rights and equality of the States are put
at naught? When the rights and equality of my
section are disregarded by the numerical power
of a party majority in this country, then I think
the union is no longer worth preserving. I am
for dissolving it; and, as a distinguished man of
my own State has said, I would dissolve this
Union to-morrow, as much upon an abstraction
as 1 would upon a practical result. I do not pre-
tend to say that I would dissolve the Union, or
countenance any action such as I have just re-
ferred to, upon the mere election of a Black Re-
publican Speaker. The majority party have a
right to electa Republican, if they have the power
and choose to exercise it; and I would not with-
draw from the public councils because a Black
Republican was elected Speaker. But when you
elect a Black Republican who has counseled se-
dition, who has approved of treasonable senti-
ments, who has uttered to the slaves of the south-
ern States the sentiment that they ought to cut
the throats of their masters; when you put in
power a man of that character, and show, by your
elevating him to power, that you approve of his
sentiments, and the .sentiments of the book he has
indorsed, then, I say, that is an insult which I
would not brook, and which no honorable man
ought ever to brook. These are my sentiments,
Mr. President, and I express them freely.
Mr. HALE. I wanted to ask a simple question
of the Senator from Georgia, but I was glad that
he refused me the privilege of doing so, and I
say that courteously, because I do not approve
of the plan of interrupting- members on the floor,
and 1 am glad to see so high authority for not
submitting to it. As it was so common here, I
proposed to indulge in it; but I thank the Senator
for the precedent,' and I shall practice on it, if I
have occasion to address the Senate myself. I do
not suppose the Senator from Georgia means to
state anything, to say the least, that he does not
believe. I, of course, know that; but I want to
ask him what authority he has for saying that
Mr. Sherman has ever recommended a book that
advises the slaves to apply the knives to the
throats of their masters, and the torch to their
buildings ? I understand he refers to a publication
said to have been made by a Mr. Helper. I have
not read the book through 
Mr. PUGH. I call the Senator from New
Hampshire to ordt r. Hi: applied the rule him-
self yesterday, and I think it is high time this de-
bate was stopped. It is out of order to refer to
proceedings in the other House of Congress.
Mr. HALE. I am "not d'aing it.
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir, you are alluding to the
candidates for Speaker. I insist on the point of
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Brown
in the chair.) The Chair does not feel authorized
under the circumstances to arrest the course of
remark which was being indulged in by the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire.
Mr. HALE. Then 1 was going to say that I
suppose the honorable Senator from Georgia
refers to a publication said to have been published
by a Mr. Helper. I have seen the book. I have
consulted it several times as a book of reference.
1 have never read the book through carefully, but
I have read portions of it, and consulted it as a
book of reference frequently. I never saw any
such sentiment as that in the book, nor anything
like it; and I have heard it disavowed by those
who have read it. I refer now to an article which
I saw, I think, in yesterday's Tribune,, in which
the writer, who pretended to have road the book,
disavowed entirely any such sentiment as that
being in the book; and, with such light as 1 have
on it, I am not satisfied that it is there, unless the
Senator from Georgia has seen it; and I think if
he has not seen it, it will be quite as well to wait
before he charges on so many gentlemen the rec-
ommendation of such a sentiment, unless he is
eeriain that it is contained in the book. I think,
on consulting the book, the Senator will find him-
self mistaken. That is all I have to' say.
Mr. IVERSON. My authority is .this; Ihave
seen extracts from that book published not-only
in the Herald, but in the Constitution of this
city, which I suppose were not published without
authority, in which that counsel is given in direct
and positive terms. I am not permitted to refer
to what -has taken place in the House of Repre-
sentatives; but I will say that, on a certain occa-
sion, not very long since, and in a place not very
far from this Hall, a gentleman introduced a res-
olution expressing the opinion that a man who
had indorsed that book was not fit to be made
Speaker of the House of Representatives^and the
man who was the candidate for Speaker did no'
disavow the sentiment; but said, m explanation,
that, if he put his name to the book at all, he
did it ignorantly, and did not know what was
in it.
Mr. HALE. 1 take it he did not admit that
the sentiments which the honorable Senator has
indicated were in the book.
Mr. IVERSON. Well, if the Senator disputes
it, I will bring the book, and show the senti-
ments. I know where I can get the book.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, I have not dis-
puted anything; but I have said that I thought
the sentiments mentioned by the Senator were
not in the book. I said so, not from my exam-
ination of it, but from assurances that I have had
from those who have read it. If itdoes contain
any such sentiments, I think the Senator will do
a great service to the cause of (ruth by producing
the book. I think he will find that there is no
such tiling in it.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I will say a single word
on this matter. I have seen a copy of the book
alluded to; it was sent to me from the North; and
it will quite justify what has been said by the
Senator from Georgia. Without the book before
me, I should not pretend to give its language; but
it contains such expressions as, "throttle sla-
very," " stop it," and the like; and it is fully as
strong as the Senator from Georgia stated it to
be. There is, however, one point to which I
should like to call the attention of Senators on
the other side of the House. I have seen it stated
in a newspaper, and we all have a right to refer
to newspapers, that some gentleman by the name
of John Sherman has said that he utterly disap-
proves of that book, and he considers its senti-
ments very bad. Whether he is the John Sher-
man who has been referred to or not, I leave gen-
tlemen to find out from reading the Congressional
Globe or any other newspaper. There also ap-
pears to be a letter signed by one Blair, endeav-
oring to make it out that this man Sherman, and
divers others, signed the recommendation for the
book without knowing what was in it. Before
speaking of that, I wish to call the attention of
Senators to a circumstance which ought not to
be forgotten. A year ago last April, my prede-
cessor on this floor had occasion to speak of this
man Helper and his publication. Mr. Biggs, in
explanation of that work, which was then referred
to—it has been since modified and reduced into a
compendium—took occasion to give the history
of the man, and to state that he had fled from
North Carolina because he was detected in steal-
ing §300. That fact, as Mr. Biggs stated, had
not been denied by him, but had been attempted
to be excused on the ground of his youth at the
time, he having been only about seventeen years
of age. Mr. Biggs %vent on to comment on the
fact of his being a member of the Presbyterian
Church.
A few days after that occurrence, this individ-
ual, either of his own accord or stimulated by
somebody else, went into the Hall of the House
of Representatives, and commenced an altercation
with one of my colleagues, and they got into a
fight on the floor just as the' House was adjourn-
ing. Everybody there understood the cause of it,
for it was talked of everywhere. I told many
persons who inquired of me, that this man was a
notorious thief who had fled the State of North
Carolina. It was as notorious, probably, as any
fact that has occurred in congressional history.
That was about one year before the signature of
the paper which has been alluded to. Everybody,
therefore, will admit that if this man, John Sher-
man, did not know that Helper was an Abolition-
