1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1051
that. But, sir, what purpose had that compro-
mise line answered ? What had the South got out
of it? First, the making of that line admitted
Missouri; it left Arkansas to be admitted south
of it, and left all the country that could be formed
into States anywhere south of 36° 30' to be made
shareholding Territories, and so, of course, slave-
holding States. In the next place, the South
wanted Texas; we know what for. Undisguised
was the object. Mr. Calhoun officially, as Sec-
rotary of State, announced to the world that it was
to be obtained to perpetuate slavery. There was
no disguise about that. They wanted that. How
did they get it? One among the means by which
they obtained it, was this: they provided that the
line of 36° 30' should be continued across Texas.
I know it would not give much even if that had
been kept. It did not amount to a great deal; but
I shall have occasion to refer to thatagain. What-
ever was north of that line in Texas, was seques-
tered to the cause of freedom. That was one of
the elements that entered into the obtaining of the
annexation of Texas. It was one of the means by
which they effected that. Afterwards, there was
a dispute growing out of what I thought there
was never much ground for—a claim of Texas
to a large quantity of land now forming part of
New Mexico, and which was thus sequestered to
the cause of freedom, if in Texas. The United
States finally gave Texas §10,000,000 to quit-claim
all her right to that territory, and have it belong
to New Mexico where it would stand a chance of
being slave territory, and would not fall within
the saving of this clause of the Texas annexation
resolutions.
It is not necessary to trace the history of the
difficulties which were attempted to be settled, and
in some measure were settled, by what were called
the compromise measures of 1850; but the great
point which was desired to be obtained by the
action of that year—professedly desired, and I do
not know but really—was that Congress should
settle the subject of slavery for all the country
we then owned, as the compromise line of 1820
had settled the condition of the country in relation'
to all we then owned, and the ordinance of 1787
as to all we then owned. How was it settled in
1850' It was said that if Congiess passed the
measures in relation to Utah and New Mexico,
and the other compromise measures then agreed
upon, there would be no territory left about which
to quarrel in relation to the subject of slavery; it
would all be settled and arranged, and there would
be, as they said at that time, a finality of that
topic. Those compromise measures were passed.
They were passed because the Missouri com-
promise line had settled all the Louisiana pur-
chase, and they took it up there and settled all
beyond; and these two standing together made
a perfect provision for the whole subject in the
whole Union, Thu^ it was that the Missouri
compromise Ime entered as a very large element
into the formation of the compromise measures of
1850. It was the leading ingredient in it. btcause
that settlement was in relation to a larger and
more important part of the country than the other.
By means of this compromise line, the South
had, from step to step, as I have stated, obtained
these several advantages; and what do we come
to next? This had operated as a sort of stool-
pigeon, a decoy, to enable them to go on, step
after step, with these various arrangements as
they wanted. It quieted the North; it enabled
them to obtain from the North these various
measures. But, sir, when they had gotten them
ail through: when there v.vs no more expectation
of obtaining anything south of the line; when
they had secured every advantage it was practi-
cable to haw from it, now tliev must just at once
take down the stool-pigeon, destroy this decoy,
obliterate the line, ami spread their peculiar insti-
tution as much north of it ns they could. That
was attempted to be done in 1854, by the legisla-
tion of that year.
Now 1 come to the point that the Senator fiom
Louisiana suggest.-!. Why was that compromise
repealed? Why was that line obliterated1 IJ-re
In me say, that the more excuses a man makes
for a thine, the less we are satisfied with it. A
good excuse or reason is perfect in itself; it is
not made by collecting together half a dozen im-
pel feet ones; and 1 will now call attention to some
of what are said to be the causes of that oblitera-
tion. First, we are told by the honorable Senator
from Louisiana that the North were unfaithful
to the agreement. I know the honorable Senator
from Louisiana, in putting the question to me, does
not uso those terms; but they are the terms that
are attempted to be used in presenting this prop-
osition to the community; that the North were
unfaithful and untrue to that Missouri compro-
mise line. How? What do you mean by being
true and faithful to a compact? What is meant
by it in the English language ? I take it, it is the
carrying out and executing the compact according
to its terms, according to the understanding of it
when it was made. What was the understanding
in relation to that compromise line when it was
made in 1820 ? It was to run through the French
purchase—theLouisiana purchase, if you please—
from the Mississippi river to the Rocky Mount-
ains. Had not that always been carried out until
it was repealed? What had ever the northern
people done that was untrue to that compact? ;
Nothing, nothing. Nothing is pretended. Then1
that pretended excuse is unfounded. The allega-
tion that they had been untrue to it themselves is
simply untrug.
But we are told that they would not vote to ex-
tend it after the Mexican war and our obtaining
from Mexico territory towards the Pacific. It is
said they would not consent to extend that same
line through to the Pacific. In relation to that
point, I say, first, it is no matter what their reason
was; it is not true that there was any sort of ob-
ligation on them to makeanotherbargainandex- i
tend it over other country. It never was any part j
of the original compact thatitwasto be extended !
over other territory; and therefore it is a matter I
of no sort of importance what their reason for that |'
action was. I was not present at the time those ■
gentlemen objected to that. I am not possessed of e
what their true reasons were. I do not think they j
needed any. When one man proposes to another |i
to enter into a compact, he has simply to say, "I J;
do not intend to entertain it." What then? It is
very obvious that the gentlemen who represented !
the free States on that occasion were in a very dif- ■
ferent condition about that territory, for the coun- |
try obtained from Mexico had no slavery in it; it ' j
had been abolished while the country belonged to "
Mexico; it was not a slaveholding country at all;
and therefore they probably may have thought,
though I do not know it, that tlieir constituents j'
would not have approved of their making a bar-
gain to give away and make into slave territory '
that Which was already free, by any means. But
gem!emeu say they agreed to divide the new Ter- !;
ritories that were slaveholding. Very well; you
may have been generous on that occasion; that
makes no demand on the other side to reciprocate
it on a difierentoccasion. But that is not the great
difficulty with the thing. Suppose the North, as
you say, would not agree to extend that line over
the newly acquired territory: what then? You
might find fault, if you pleased; perhaps you
would have occasion to do so; I do not say
whether you would or not; but this I say: what
sort of excuse can a man of common discernment
make to another of similar character, to say, " Sir,
because you will not make this other additional
bargain, I will break up the one I made myself."
That is what you did do. You repealed the Mis-
souri compromise line in the country called the
Louisiana purchase, for which it was made, and
to which it was confined. To my mind this is
rather a lame excuse; m short, it is no excuse at
all; but it is said that that was the reason why it
was repealed.
The next reason is the one which is put into
the repealing bill. That bill, called the Kansas-
Nebraska act, which repealed the eighth section
of the Missouri act, does not say that it was
repealed for any such cause as that which I have
just noticed. It says that it was to be declared
null and void; because it was inconsistent With
the principles of the compromise acts of 1S50.
That is the reason given in the hill. 1 can merely
say. that those whopnssed it put on the record that
that is the reason, and it is—1 will not give it any
bad name—a sort of equivocation for any man to
risort to any other reason when he has lecorded
the one which he gave at the time: he is estopped
from givinsany others. That is an entirely dif-
ferent reason, and utterly inconsistent Willi the
first; and besides, they are both false; for the latter
one, though it was put on record that it was in-
eonsistent with the compromise of 1;50. is just as
wrong as the other. The fact is, that compromise
of 1850 was made on the ground that the former
one of 1820 was part and parcel of the arrange-
ment; and therefore this excuse is equally un-
founded with the other.
But, Mr. President, 1 have now attended to
three reasons for the repeal. The gentleman from
Virginia found fault with the compromise of 1820,
because, he said, the North made it, and it was an
aggression when it was made. The next reason
that is given is, that they would not extend it.
The third reason is the one put into the bill, that
it was contrary to the compromise of 1850; but we
have this session, and perhaps within a short
period before, got another reason. .It is said that it
is unconstitutional; that Congress was well justi-
fied in repealingit, because it was unconstitutional
Mr. WIGFALL. With the consent of the Sen-
ator, I will ask him a question. I do not want to
protract this debate, because I have a little mat-
ter that I want to get up after it is over; but, just
as a matter of curiosity, I should like to know
what the Senator understands to have been the
principle of the compromise of 1850 as to Utah
and New Mexico ?
Mr. COLLAMER. It was this: there had been
difficulties and controversies about the forming ot
territorial governments in those Territories. Con-
gress could not agree on it. At first we had Cali-
fornia in with them 
Mr. WIGFALL. Leave California out.
Mr. COLLAMER. It was in it, and we cannot
help it. It was in it for a year or two, until Cal-
ifornia formed a State government. Then, when
it came to the compromise period of 1850, as part
of the compromise, California was admitted as a
State. As to Utah and New Mexico, there had
been bills, especially for New Mexico, pending
m Congress before that. Various measures had
been proposed in relation to them; the northern
people insisting on the application of the provis-
ion of the ordinance of 1787, declaring that sla-
very should never exist there. They would not
pass them without it. When Congress passed
them, they were passed without that, and with a
provision that the people might make them free or
slave States, and that they should be admitted as
they should be formed, whenever they should be-
come Stutes.
Mr. WIGFALL. That was the principle?
Mr. COLLAMER. That was the provision in
relation to thern.
Sir. WIGFALL. That the Territories should
settle it for themselves; and that Congress should
not, in the meantime, interpose to prohibit the
introduction of slavery?
Mr. COLLAMER. No, sir. When the gen-
tleman says the Territories should settle it for
thems^'es, he includes more than I understand
Mr. WIGFALE. I am not a squatter-sov-
ereignty man. ^
Mr. COLLAMER. That is a point you hare
got in that was not put in. It was put in in rela-
tion to Nebraska and Kansas; but it was not put.
in in relation to the others.
Mr. WIGFALL. Did they not have the right
to regulate their own affairs, without any inter-
position of Congress as to slavery ?
Mr. COLLA51ER. There was nothing said
about that.  
Mr. WIGFALL. Was there any interposi-
tion on the part of Congress, either to establish or
prohibit slavery there ?
Mr. COLLAMER. There was none.
Mr. WIGFALL. Then tho.princip!o, if there
was any principle involved in the Utah and New
Mexico bills, was, that Congress should not legis-
late either to establish or jirotect 
Mr. COLLAMER. \ ou are drawing a con-
clusion.
Mr. WIGFALL. I am asking for information.
Mr. COLLAMER. The bills are very plain.
Mr. WIGFALL. These are historical facts:
only philosophers can give reasons. I was ask-
ing for a reason, possibly; but'I want the Sena-
tor, before he goes on, to answer that. You sec
I am a new Senator yet, and do not understand
these questions. New, I understand—at least be-
fore I got here I had supposed that the Utah and
New Slexico bills left this question beyond all
doubt—that Congress did not, io those bills, cither
interpose for or against slavery. Is that true,or
is it not?
