L052
THE CONGRESSIONAL . GLOBE.
March 8,
Mr. COLLAMER. I have stated about that.
There had been a difficulty m forming those ter-
ritorial governments, because a part of the coun-
try insisted on putting in the ordinance of 1787.
Mr. WIGFALL. Yes, sir.
Mr. COLLAMER. Congress could not agree
to it: but when they had the making of the com-
promise of 1850, as part and parcel of it, these
two Territories had territorial actspassed for,them,
which will speak for themselves, but they were
passed without the prohibition of the ordinance
of 1787.
Mr. WIGFALL. Precisely. Then I want to
ask the Senator, when you come to form a new
territorial bill as to Kansas and Nebraska, if you
are not following out the precedent ? I do not talk
about the principle spoken of m the great speeches
that were circulated m thousands and hundreds of
thousands, but if the precedent was not followed
when the Missouri restriction was repealed and
the Kansas-Nebraska bill was passed, as the Utah
and New Mexico bills were passed, without any
provision either favoring or disfavoring slavery?
That is the question.
Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman has made
his own speech, taking his own premises, and
drawing his own conclusions. I can present very
different views. I think that that whole compro-
mise must bo taken together.
Mr. WIGFALL. The omnibus was turned
over, and they were passed as separate bills.
Mr. COLLAMfeR. They were passed as sep-
arate bills, but they all constituted a compromise,
and are so spoken of in the Nebraska act. It
was a compromise consisting of three or four acts
passed here. That compromise put together made
a whole, and I insist that it was a disintegration
and destruction of the principle on which they
went when you repealed the compromise line
which settled the condition of a large part of the
territory, and which settlement entered into and
constituted part of the very compromise of 1850.
Mr. WIGFALL. With the permission of the
Senator, I will again draw his attention to the fact
that the Utah and New Mexico bills were passed
without any provision either establishing or pro-
hibiting slavery, and that the Kansas-Nebraska
bill, in order to be passed in accordance with that
precedent, must necessarily have repealed the Mis-
souri restriction, or it would have recognized the
right of Congress to interpose Therefore, what
the Senator would call non-interposition, I call
interposition. What ho would call non-interven-
tion,! call intervention. As there had previously
passed a bill in 1820 
■ Mr. COLLAMER. The gentleman is making
a speech of his own; he has not asked me a ques-
tion. He is makingup his own logic, stating his
premises, and drawing his conclusions in his own
way. 1 say all the parts of that compromise con-
stitute a whole. They shoukl be left to stand to-
gether, and I haye already explained what I con-
sidered entered into and constituted a part of it.
Now gentlemen say, that when they came to
pass a law making a territorial government for
Kansas and Nebraska, they had to pass it like
those for which they had a precedent. How was'
there any obligation to do that? Not the least in
the world. If a man had sold land for ten dollars
ar, acre, a large tract, and should afterwards sell
a similar amount to the same purchaser for twenty
dollars, could he then say, "now you must give
me twenty dollars for the first3" Theyhadmade
arrangements all about that line before; the com-
promise was made on that basis; and now, when
they came to make a territorial government, were
they obliged to rtiake it on the basis of the Utah
act, passed since the line was arranged?
1 was stating the reasons which were attempted
to be given for that repeal. The first, mentioned
here by the Senator from Virginia, was that the
North made it, and that it was an aggression; the
second was, that it was not extended over other j
Territories, but a new bargain made for them;
the third was, that it was inconsistent with the
compromise of 1860; and the fourth is, that it was
unconstitutional all the while. To my mind, this
last is pretty much like JackFalstaff's, "I knew
you all the while." It is an after-thought, a new
discovery. Is it possible that these gentlemen can
give that as an excuse for doing the thing when
they did not explain it or state it at the time they
did it? * '
Again, is it becoming in these people to say,
"We agreed to this proposition; we made this
arrangement with you in 1820; we have had our
States admitted south of the line, according to it;
we have had the consideration on our part, and
now we turn around on you, and tell you we never
had any authority to make it, and we knew we
had not when we did it; it was a great delusion
from beginning to end?" The truth is, that, in
common ethics, as well as in law, when a man
exercises the power to do a thing, he is estopped
from saying he had not the power. If a man
sells me a horse as his, he cannot afterwards,
after taking his pay, tell me that the horse be-
longed to another man. He has no right to say
it; he is estopped from saying it. So with those
who exercised this power. They are not at lib-
erty, in law or in morality, to say that they had
not the right-to do it. It is totally immaterial
whether they had the power or had not the power.
With them, it should
did it.
be held sacred; for they
But, Mr. President, I have been unable to see
what was the difficulty in this compromise line
being constitutional, was it unconstitutional be-
cause it was not long enough ? Is it possible for
you to say that if ithad been extended to the Pacific
it would have been a good and constitutional line ?
Here stands the honorable Senator from Louisi-
ana ; a more ingenious lawyer certainly can seldom
be found, whatever may have been said about the
Philadelphia lawyers; but he stands here and puts
to me a question implying plainly that the diffi-
culty was, wc would not extend the line. Then
you were willing to extend it and forbid slavery
north of it clear to the Pacific? Yes. Then how
had you a right to do it; or do you mean to ac-
knowledge that you were then trying to play
another trick on us? I do not believe anything oi
this notion; you did not believe it at the time; and
it is an excuse that should not be permitted to be
made by any man.
But, Mr. President, how has the experiment of
the repeal of the Missouri compromise, and the
measures which followed it, worked? What was
involved in it ? What did it propose to do ? If the
honorable Senator from Texas [Mr. Wigfall]
were now here, and designed to obtain my idea on
this subject, he would probably obtain it. The
Kansas bill was entirely a different bill from the
New Mexico and Utah acts. In that section re-
pealing the Missouri compromise line, it not only
declared that, being inconsistent with the princi-
ples of the compromise of 1850, that line was
thereby declared inoperative and void, but it fur-
ther went on to provide J.hat Congress would
neither legislate slavery into the Territory, nor
exclude it therefrom; but that the people thereof
should be left perfectly free to regulate their do-
mestic institutions in their own way, subject only
to the Constitution of the United States. Why
did they put in that last clause ? I am very apt to
forget it, because 1 have always supposed that all
laws made within this nation, whether by a State
Legislature or by Congress, were subject to the
Constitution as a matter of course. I did not
suppose that repeating that could alter the fact.
Still, there was a stress laid on that. Some gen-
tlemen have said in the Senate," We did not think
that the people were invested with power to reg-
ulate this institution in their own way, constitu-
tionally;" and yet they voted for that bill, with
that expression in it.
The honorable Senator from Virginia said, last
session, that he did not believe Congress had
power to invest the people of a Territory with the
authority of legislating and settling its institutions
in their own way under the Constitution; but he
agreed to give it to them, subject to the Constitu-
tion—meaning, thereby, to leave it to the courts.
Thatseems to me to be a very extraordinary mental
reservation—to vote for a law which was, in the
opinion of the voter, unconstitutional, in order to
leave the question to the courts ! Congress did
invest the people of the Territory with that power,
if they could, subject to the opinion of the courts,
whether they could or not. I cannot but say,
though it may be rather a harsh mode of illustrat-
ing it, that it is like the French naval officer going
into battle, and praying the Lord, if there was
one, to save his soul, if he had any. [Laughter.]
That is to say, "we give this power, if we have
power to give it; hut we do not believe we have
any power to give it." That is your position.
That was a very different bill from the others.
I know it has been said since, that really and in
fact nothing was meant by all that rigmarole of
words, except that when the people came to form
a State constitution, they could make it a free or
a slave State, as they pleased. Then, that ac-
tion was very unnecessary. There is no doubt
that, if gentlemen desire to make issues amongst
themselves, that is a matter for their considera-
tion. No man can mistake the expressions of
that bill; and those expressions were not put in
there for any such purpose as is jiow pretended
by some; and I can tell you why. The very pro-
vision of the New Mexico and Utah act, wherein
it was provided that .they should be admitted
either with or without slavery, as should be pro-
vided in the constitutions when the„y came to form
a State—that very expression was already in the
Kansas-Nebraska act, eight sections before the
other words to which I have alluded. It was all
provided for before you came to the repealing pro-
vision. That was not there, then, for any such
purpose. It evidently does mean, as it provides,
that the people there, while a Territory, and as a
Territory, should settle the matter in their own
way.
I will not enter into the question whether they
could or could not; but that was the power given.
Were they left to form it in their own way? Cer-
tainly not. In the very beginning, in the choosing
of the very first Territorial Legislature, more than
four thousand men under arms from Missouri in-
vaded and subjugated them, and made their elec-
tion. They never were left free to act in their own
way; and then followed all the extraordinarv
means which were resorted to, and all the vio-
lence which resulted, this Government saying that
it would not correct anything, and those laws
should be carried into effect with the whole power
of the Government, together with the ravages of
war, and bloodshed, and burning, and desolation,
which went over Kansas Territory. These all
followed your act. Did you think they were
worse than other people? What were you at-
tempting to do ? You were attempting to have a
' Territory that should be a slaveholding Territory
and a free Territory at the same time; and you
could not make it go through. Ill the nature of
things it cannot. The people supposed their ter-
ritorial government was to settle the question.
The Missourians went over, and chose the terri-
torialgovernment, because they understood it was
to settle it. All understood it so at that time.
That was an entirely different thing from the New
Mexico and Utah bills. That was the experiment
attempted.
How has it worked ? Is anybody so much satis-
fied with the results and effects of that experiment
that he desires to push it further? I do not believe
there are many. The people of the North believe
that tjiat was all wrong; in the first place, because -
it was contrary to the original policy of the Gov
ernment. In the next place, theySo not believe
it is beneficial to the country to turn it over to the
people, on the plains of Kansas, to fight out a sub-
ject of this kind in which the nation is interested.
It never was tried before, and I trust will never be
tried again.
But, Mr. President, it is said great danger will
result from the action of the Republican party, if
they should really apply their principles; if they
should reestablish the Missouri compromise line
and stop the spread of slavery in the Territories,
which the repeal of the line attempted to effect.
We propose to do nothing more and nothing less
than restore the Missouri compromise; and if we
should carry it out, does not that make a pretty-
fair division of this country ? Wc have, in round
numbers, about one third of our people m the
sloveholding States. We have about two thirds
of them in the free States. We have about three
million square miles, in round numbers. It does
not differ a hundred thousand from that. It is
very fully shown, from the best evidence and the
best information, as collected and collated by Pro-
fessor Henry, and to be found in the agricultural
report, in 1856, that there-is a little more than one
third of this whole country that is incapable of
settlement. We may be unwilling to acknowl-
edge that to ourselves; but that is the fact. As
stated by the Senator from Georgia, and which I
believe is true, the slaveholding States now have
within their territory, (and they are in the occu-
pancy of eight hundred and fifty thousand square
miles,) almost one million of the best part of the
