2940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13,
ness. We imagine at once that we can wield the
club of Hercules, or hurl the thunderbolts of
Jupiter.
" Wo avumc the £od,
Affect to nod.
And Mjem to shake the spheres.3'
Wc never oncc remember—why should we?—
that
"Pigmie* are pigmies still,though perchcd on Alps."
Our institutions arc based upon a written char-
ter of government. Ours is a Government of a
complicated character. We have State govern-
ments and a Federal Government, all having dif-
ferent departments. Our safety and safeguard
consist in the fact that the power and privileges
of each government, and cach department of these
governments, are strictly defined in the Consti-
tution of the country. We turn to the Constitu-
tion, and find it written that the House of Repre-
sentatives shall have the right to lay down its
own rules, and punish its members fordisorderly
conduct; hut tell me, sir, in what page of the
Constitution do you find the power in this House
10 pass censure on the President of (he United
States? I challenge the production of it. I dc-
nnnd it of those who are seeking to exercise it.
Show your title, or surrender your claim. Cer-
tain it is that the existence of such a right on our
part is inconsistent with the idea of any sound
discretion on the part of the Executive. He is not
free to act as he thinks best, if we may punish
him for thinking differently from us.
f come now, Mr. Speaker, to the last inquiry
which I shall discuss. Admitting now, for the
sake of argument, that we have the power to pass
this censure and jniliet this punishment on the
President and Secretary of the Navy, in the mode
and under the circumstances as now churned, I
come to inquire whether there is anything in the
whole volume of testimony which lies before me
to justify the resolutions reported during the last
Congress by the gentleman from Ohio, from ^he
minority of the select committee, and reported
this year by the gentleman Irom Tennessee, J Mr.
IIattonv] The honorable gentleman from Ten-
nessee told us the other day that he would be aide
to sustain himself tiiumphantly in the support of
his resolutions against me, by the facts admitud
by me in the report which I made at the last Con-
gress. Of course, 1 do not gainsay his declara-
tion. He may be able to do all that. I know
there are some men possessing iare and peculiar
ingenuity ni arraying and methodizing tacts, and
gilied with a powerful and overwhelming spirit of
eloquence; who are
ii Skilled to make the \voi>o appear the Ivttor eamu.*1
I do not know that the gentleman from Tennes-
see has not that power. 'All I luuo to say is that
I have no contest of ingenuity with him. All I
seek to do is to present, m a plain way, to the
practical good sense of the House, the conclu-
sions plainly derivable from facts whii h liein this
volume. And 1 say that, in my deliberate judg-
ment, there is not a single resolution reported by
this committee that is sustained by the testimony
in (his volume. With a tribunal free from preju-
dice, and sworn to decide aecoulin<> to the testi-
mony, 1 would not despair, humble as I am, of
beiiue able to defeat, by u unanimous vote, each
resolution reported. What is the first?
'• Rctolval, That the Secretary of the Navy has, with the
sanction of the Picsudcnt, dimmed his di-ciUtou.uy power
ui th'1 selection of ;t coal agent, and m the puioha-ie ot Inel
ten the Government.'*
Now, what is the true intent of this resolution >
it docs not mean simply that the Secretary of the
.Navy chanced to appoint a coal agent who turned
out to be incompetent. There is no contestabout
that; and it would be a needless consumption of
time to consider the point. The resolution says
the Secretary abused his power, with the sanction
of the President. The phraseology imports de-
liberation. It very clearly and distinctly implies
censure, blame; and if so, then it must be for
some willful wrong or gross neglect on the part
of the Secretary of the Navy, which requires the
interposition of this House. Now, where is the
willful wrong ? Where is the gross neglect? The
only coal agent appointed by the present Secre-
tary of the Navy was Dr. Charles H. Hunter,
of Reading, Pennsylvania. Now, what were the
circumstances attending Ins appointment ? Why,
sir, it is impossible, in the administration of the
great patronage of the Executive Departments at
the present time, that the President, or those sub-
ordinates more immediately under him, shall be
able to make appointments on their own personal
knowledge. Every man will admit that they
must rely on the information of friends.
Wei!, then, when Dr. Hunter w;as appointed,
.he came recommended to the President and the
Secretary of the Navy, in the most authentic way,
by a number of the very best men in that part of
the country. Among those were five persons who
were members of the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives of Pennsylvania; another has been the
selected candidate of his party for a seat in the Con-
gress of the United States; one was the editor of a
leading newspaper; and another was a gentleman
whom you have now serving under one of your
officers in a position of immediate contact with
the members of this House. They vouched, upon
their personal knowledge, that Dr. Hunter was
not only a good man, but eminently qualified to
fill this particular place. Some twenty or thirty
names were signed to that recommendation of Dr.
Hunter as a fit and proper person to fill this posi-
tion. Now, I say, what was there under these
circumstances to induce the President and the
Secretary of the Navy to doubt his competency?
If you condemn a man for making an appoint-
ment on such a recommendation as that, you will
have thousands and tens of thousands to condemn;
for it is about as strong a recommendation as 1
have often seen anywhere for any person. Will
you censure the officer for believing this recom-
mendation, and permit the man who gave in-
correct information to be rewarded under your
authority? Will you punish the deceived, and
icward the deceiver' 1 state the pointto try your
sincerity, not to injmo your employe. lie is
polite and courteous to me Weil, sir, thus was
the appointment made.
I come now to inquire whether there was any-
thing afterwards to excite suspicion, or direct the
attention of the President and of the Secretary
of the Navy particularly to this subject. It will
not be domed by those who have read the testi-
mony, that although this coal agent was an inef-
ficient officer, as 1 admit him to have been, a better
quality of coal was furnished to the Navy De-
partment than had ever been furnished before fur
a period of the same length. The engineers of
the Na\y, and oilier officers of the Government,
who have testified, have borne stronger witness
to its excellent quality. Not a bushel, 1 believe,
was ever ioj«rted for impurity. And not only
that, but it was furnished during that time at a
lower price than it had been furnished at for a
long time previously. Two officeis of the. De-
partment have particular charge of the subject,
one the chief of the bureau of Docks and Yards,
and the other the chief of the Bureau of Con-
struction, Equipment, and Repair. They were
both satisfied with the qui.hty and price of the
coal. They both say that the coal was good, and
was furnished at a satisfactory price.
It is true that thcie were gentlemen in Phila-
delphia who said that this coal ought to have been
furnished at a lower price; but when we come to
ask those gentlemen, one by one, (and the gen-
tleman from Ohio was sifting m his inquiries with
a view to get something against the Secretary of
the Navy,) if they had ever made any complaint
to the Navy Depaitment that this coal was fur-
nished at too high a price, they all, with one
accord, said " no." There is not a scintilla of
proof that any complaint was ever made to the
Secretary of the Navy in relation to the quality
or price of this coal. What, then, was there to
arouse his suspicion or awaken his attention?
The price may have been somewhat too high.
Considering the quality of the coal and the labor
bestowed upon it, the Government fared better
than usual m its transactions. The witnesses
who testified to great excess of price were gener-
ally discredited or contradicted. Why, fhen,
will you gravely censure the Secretary or the
President m relation to this matter. Will you
say because this agent made too much money?
It is true that, during the first six months after
he was appointed, he did make a large amount of
money, namely, about seven thousand dollars.
It was, however, in consequence of an unusual
contingency, that would not have continued, and
did not continue; it was the fitting out of the
Paraguay expedition and Gulf squadron. Tyson,
the predecessor of Hunter, received nearly as
much, and yet a proposition was brought forward
here yesterday to give to that man increased
compensation, so as to put him, perhaps, above
Hunter; and although the gentleman from Ohio
did not vote for it, it was voted for by nearly all
the gentlemen on the other side of the House.
But, sir, I shall have to hurry on, and perhaps
omit some points that I intended to embrace in
my discussion this morning. There is- one other
fact to be considered in this connection; and here
I shall appeal to my southern Opposition friends
to know what their position is on this point, and
whether they hold that it is a sufficient ground
for censuringapublic officer that his appointee in
such a matter received very large compensation.
Lot me tell you that Mr. Graham, the Whig Sec-
retary of the Navy in 1851, appointed Howland
& Aspinwall agents to furnish coal to the Japan
expedition, and that they actually made more
money by that agency in two years than all the
coal agents besides have received from the first
appointment down to this time; they made about
fifty thousand dollars by that contract in two
years. Mr. Graham gave to Howland & Aspin-
wall, for furnishing this coal to the Japan expe-
dition, ten per cent, upon the cost of the coal
shipped, and the lighterage upon the inland and
foreign freights, and upon the insurance, deduct-
ing, m some instances, five per cent, for the reg-
ular agent. It may, I think, be estimated that
they ieeeived,iip to 3853, seven or eight per ccnt.
on the charges stated above. The ordinary com-
missions of our coal agents, Dr. Hunter included,
were five per cent, upon cost and inland freights.
Now, sir, Mr. Springer, a man of character and
intelligence, then in the employ of the Govern-
ment, and in the confidence of the Secretary, for
he held the position of regular coal agent, testifies
as follows:
'•Thoy received nt the ratf of ten per cent, on all the
co«t and charge^ of this coal."
Again ho says:
" Thfir com;ni<sions mu^t have he^n very heavy if they
injured, for a person u^nrinic the freight and cargo, may
in-one if Tot what amount he pU"i-o«. 1 know that 1 oiTeru'd
to Mi. (italiam to do it for two and a half per cent., but my
otter \\a-< not accepted."
Yes, sir, he rejected Springer's offer to do it
for two and a half per cent., and engaged with
Howland & Aspinwall at ten. Vet, sir, I would
not vote to censure Mr. Graham. I presume he
had reasons for his course. I knew him, and
considered him an honorable gentleman. No,
sir, I should not think, for the sake of party cap-
ital* of entering upon the Journals of the House of
Representatives a solemn vote of censure against
such a man on such grounds. I hold myself far
above any such thought.- 1 am not partisan
enough for that. Mr. speaker, I do not profess
to be above party leelmg. 1 know that I have it.
I believe that the party to which I am attached
is a true constitutional paity; a party that desires
well for the whole country; has done well and
will do well for the country. But when I come
to forget myself so far as to permit my party feel-
ings to make me invade the precincts of gentle-
manly propriety, and cast censure and obloquy
upon honorable gentlemen, simply for mistaken
or errors of judgment, and nothing worse, I shall
be wholly unworthy to be the Representative of
that noble and gallant constituency which sends
me lieic.
It, however, gentlemen will cast this censure
upon Mr. Touccy and Mr. Buchanan, upon the
evidence taken by the committee of the last Con-
gress, why should they not go back and censure
Mr. Graham forgivingten per eont. to Howland
& Aspinwall, when Springer offered to furnish
the coal for two and a half per cent ?
But, perhaps, the gentleman from Ohio will say
that the groat point of blame and censure in this
matter is, that Dr. Hunter was appointed coal
agent, with an understanding that he would divide
the profits. Divide the profits! Bear that in mind.
Well, sir, the coal agency is not only a busi-
ness in which two men could be employed, but
m which the services of at least two were actually
desirable. It is an agency to which two men could
be appointed as well as one. Howland &. Aspin-
wall were the agents of Mr. Graham. Why could
not Hunter & Smith be the agents of Mr. Toucey?
Smith was to discharge the duties of the office in
Philadelphia, and Hunter in Reading. Tyson had
a partner. Springer had a partner. Why could
not Mr. Hunter have a partner, too? Springer
