1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,.
2941,
says that one man could not perform the duties of :
the agency propuly. !
Hut he was to divide" the profits of the office.
Ay, and the gentleman from Ohio, with calm and
quiet aspect, will give that as a reason why he
wishes to censure, condemn, and punish the Sec-
rctaiy of the ISavy. Well, sir, I will tebt hm
on that point.
 " tli*; play is the thing
Wherein I'll catch the conscicnce of the king."
Imagine now, if you please, a Republican cau- |i
ens assembled to nominate a candidate for Printer. '
The wordy war wages hot. In the midst of the
contest, see the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. ;
Kilgore] rising, and announcing that if Mr. De- j
frees should be nominated and elected, lie would j|
divide the profits of the office with the Repub- j:
lican party, giving one half his gains to aid their
success. "What follows? Of course, the party '
becomes indignant, ivfuses to nominate, and threat- /
ens him with their wrath. That is a great inis- ,
take ! The party nominates him, presents lum to !
the House, and continues to vote for him for sev-
eral days. And the gentleman flora Ohio [Mr.
Sherman] takes the lead in conducting the elec- ,
tion, moving for postponements, &c. Isow, sir,
it is idle to tell me that the fact of his proposition ,
was not known to all. Why, sir, the gentleman ,
from Massachusetts [Mr. Adams] refused to vote :
for lum. Doubtless, because of this proposition, j
He had a little spark—I beg pardon—a laige ;
amount of honesty left, and acted upon convic- :
tion. The causes of his vote were, doubtless, ,
freely discussed. Everybody 011 his side, I sup- j
pose, understood the matter. Hut the gentleman i
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] did not falter. On j
he moved, with the stately march of a military j
hero, keeping up the contest for Defrees for about j
a week and almost the entire party followed his !
lead. Then your present Printer, (Mr. Ford,)
what did he do? According to his own tostmony, ;
he promised to divide liberally. lie told them
he "was a soldier, and if he won a balile, lie '
would take care of the wounded." He said:
"I made an open promise to Jorm D. Defrees, of Imlnuv-
apoli?, William Moiau 01' PhiLulPlphui, and Dr. l'iUKfhom :
of Bo-ton, and a clcikthip was piomised to a Dr. YVihou.
of [mliana."
lie also agreed to help Mrs. Bailey, of the Era
office. This man is now your Piinter. Iieholds
his office unmolested and undisturbed. And lure
we arc called upon by the gentlenn'ii from Ohio
to censure Mr. Buchanan and Mr. Touccy, be-
cause their coal agent had agreed, holme his ap-
pointment, to divide his profits with others. Will
** , -v . 1 ' _ j TT  *1.
hypocrites, ye strain at a gnat and ye swallow a
camel r*' You have thunderbolts foryoui ene-
mies; you have nought but praises for your party
friends.
I ought to state, Mr. Speaker, that 116 knowl-
edge of the agreement to divide profits is tiaeed
by any witness to Mr.Toucey, in the case of the
coal agency. "\et, sir, he is to be censured by
men who voted for Defrees, and elected Ford! To
what destiny is our country tending !
The next resolution I shall discuss is the fol-
lowing:
 •' Resolved, That the President and Secretary of the
Navy, by receiving and considering the party leiations of
bidders lor coutiacts with the United States, and the effoa
ot awarding contracts upon jtendinj? elections, have ?-et ail
example danaetoin to the public safety and deceiving the
leproof ot this House.'"
Now, sir, here is a proposition to reprove the
President and Secretary of the Navy for receiv-
ing and considering the party relations of bid-
ders, &c. There are but two cases given in the
evidence in which the party relations of bidders
for contracts was mentioned. One is the cas'-of
Nonas, who bid for the machinery of the Grinith
ship. He rested his claim to that contract for a.
long time on the merits of his bid, and upon his
intimacy with Griffith, the builder of the ship;
but at length, becoming restless, lie thought to
carry his point by storm. And, so arming' him-
self with a number of letters vouching for his De-
mocracy, he made an irruption into the Navy
Department, and sought to capture his contract.
But, notwithstanding his Democracy, he was re-
pulsed, and the contract given to a better bid, but
wotse politics. Docs that constitute a case foi
reproof? No man will avow it.
The only other ease is the celebrated case of j
the Patterson letter. I do really think that no |
matter was evermore misrepresented and misun- ;
derstood than this. Patteison is a gentleman of :
high character—one of the most reputable in Phil- |
adelphia. He is incapable of making what he un-
derstood to bo a corrupt request. Whatdid heask.-
" I venture to purest to you the importance of award-
ing the contracts for the machinery of ttie sloop now build-
ing at the niivv-yard at this tune, and if it can be done with-
out prejudice "to the pubiic service, to Merrick &. Sons."
He proceeds to say that they are old-line Whigs,
and in favor of the election of Colonel Florence,
the Democratic candidate for Congress. Now,
there is the matter. He wishes the contract given
to Merrick & Sons, if it can be done without prej-
udice to the public servicc; that is, if their prop-
osition be as advantageous as others. Is this so
heinous an offense? TheGovernment should take
the most eligible bid for every contract. True,
the Government should take the best qualifica-
tions for ministerial office without reference to
politics; but is it a crime to ask that a particular
"gentleman be appointed, if it can be done without j<
pie]udice to the public service, and suggest that
the'politics of the nominee are good? If this be i|
criminal, how many gentlemen will stand 0011- ;
demiicd' i
Mr. LEACH, of North Carolina. The gentle- {
man, a shoit time ago, mentioned Mr. Graham, j
of Noith Carolina. Does the gentleman acquit \
Mr. Graham of censure? j
| Mr. BOCOCK. I mentioned Mr. Graham by j
way of illustration. I knew him while in office !
| as Secretary of the Navy, and served 011 his com- 1
; mittee. I regarded him as a gentleman of char- I
i acter and integrity. He apparently committed i
j an error in the Tlowland & Aspinwa'll contract— ,
a greater error than any made by Mr. Toucey. |
i I would not visit him with censure, and, indeed, !
; am ready to believe that lie intended the best^for ,
the public service. I think the same, of I\lr. |
Toucey. How is it with gentlemen on the other
s:df ? 1
: But to return to the Patterson letter. I have
already stated the substance of that letter.
i I have been told by gentiimen that I was mis- '
!' taken, the other day, when I supposed that the
r new members weie unacquainted with this sub-
! ject. It was said that they were familiar with it. ;
, I know they have examined it in the midst of a
: canvass, and with a view to make party capital
nsainst Democrats. Such examinations aie not
! 0f much value. Gentlemen now occupy a very
! different position. They are now made judges. .
■ They owe it to themselves to give the subject a ,
fair and candid consideration, without prejudice,
' 1 without nassion, and without partiality. j
i! Now, gentlemen—I bete pardon, Mr. Speaker, 1
i I was* anxious to reach the judgments, and, if possi-
! ble, tile consciences ot members, ami transgressed
t]le rules—Air. Speaker, 1 ask gentlemeii what is
I meant in this tesolution by condemning the Pres-
ident and Secretaiy for " rcaiiing'' the paity 10-
lations of bidders.J Are they to be condemned
for receiving letters? Is the President blainable
1 for receiving the Patteison letter? Who is will- j
'! ina to say so? And yet that is the only case in |
" the testimony not already disposed of.
!i Then again, in what sense is it charged tna.t
!' the party relations of bidders were " cou^ldt'icd
!j ^yas the Patterson lettereonsidered,and allowed
. influence in awatding thecontract to which it re-
: ferred ; Not a word~of it! not a word of it! It
i| is not so. When this letter camc to the hands of
" the President, he made an indorsement referring ,
it to the attention of the Secretary of the Savy,
; and forwarded it to the Navy Department. There
it was promptly hied away 111 a pigeon hole, and :
never made its appearance again till the call tor .
information by the gentleman from Ohio [Air.
Siicrmax] U) the last Congress. Then it was ,
promptly thrown forth before the committee and
before the world. When the contract was to be j
awarded, foni engineers weiu selected, without
regard to their politics, to examine the bids. No
allusion v/as ever made, befoie tin m, to the parly
relations of biddeis. The Patterson letter was not
produced, and no reference made to it. After ex-
amnim" attentively the various bids, they unan-
imously derided that these men ought to have that
contract. They got n, and rightfully.
Mr. Speaker, there aie such things as badges
of fraud. When men seek constantly to cover up
their tracks; to evade inquiry; to practice chican-
ery, and other means to prevent the truth from
coining out, we suspect fraud. But, if there are
badges of fraud, there are also badges of inno-
cence. If the action of the President of the Uni-
ted States and the Secretary of the Navy had been
corrupt; if they had been conscious of a willful
violation of public duty, how easy would it have
been for them to have destroyed what they might
regard so important an evidence of their guilt. If
they had not been conscious of their integrity,
would they have allowed this letter to have gone
upon the files of the Department, where every in-
quirer would have access to it,-and where the
first call would bring it before the world? Does
not the very fact of thia letter making its appear-
ance so readily show that they were notconscious
of anything wrong? This letter was sent to the
President from one of the most respectable men
in Philadelphia; found to relate to the business of
the Secretary of the Navy; referred to his atten-
tion; placed on file in his Department, and never
afterwards referred to or considered;and for that
you propose to sentence, condemn, and inflict
punishment upon these high officers. _
Mi.Magill, his Private Secretary, testifies to
the fact that it had been the constant practice of
the President, upon opening letters and ascertain-
ing the matters to which they related, to indorse
them over to the proper Departments. Was that
improper? Many persons never destroy letters,
j It is well not to do so. In any pointof view,was
I it not proper that this letter should be preserved
I " in perpetuam memoriam re%i" Does the fact that
| it was referred to the Navy Department for exam-
ination and preservation constitute a ground for
censure, especially in view of the fact that no
reference was ever afterwards made to it till it was
called for by a committee of Congress ? Before
this resolution of censure was introduced in the
last Congress, Magill had testified that the Presi-
, dent never had inti rfered with contracts. The
! Sectary of the Navy had said, 111 his letter to the
select committee:
'• Tile Ptesident did not in any manner interpose in this
ca-;e, i;(,i has lie in any olliei cased contract since 1 iiuve
b< en ill 1 EI" Department."
So say all the other members of the Cabinet.
But what avails all this? Political considerations
requiio that the Piesident should be condemned,
and he must be condemned whatever be the testi-
mony.
Gentlemen say it is wrong to consider the po-
litical relations of biddeis. It is wrong, is it?
What says the gentleman from New \ 01k [Mr.
Habkin] on this point? He sits over the way,
a faithful "ally " of the Republican party; and in
that capacity attended their caucuses 111 the early
part of the session. The question was propounded
to l.im, whether lie was following the example of
distiibuting patronage among lavoiius when he
gave the little mattei of binding for this House
to a man who livi s in his distiict? His answer
was. vl 1 am frank to confess, Mr. Speaker, thatl
do like, in a legitimate and honest way, to take
care of my friends.'1 This is a declaration that,
othei tilings being equal, he will give a contract
to a A lend in preference to an enemy. Nobody
has moved a censure against him. But oh, these
Democrats—censure them by all means!
I ask, Mr. Speaker, how often have these gen-
tlemen said to you that they would like a par-
ticular friend to get an office, 01 recen e a contract,
if it could be done without prejudice to the public
service. And did you think that you should be
censuied for hearing them r
I come now to the next re-solution:
■ - Th.U tile de-tiibutiou, by the ^eeieiiu J of the Mavy, ot
t!:e p.tlimuice ;n llie li.'u c-j au!> aniens mcinbeisot t'on-
gie--, \va lie.tractive ot'di-eipinic, cmiuptin-i in its infiu-
enee, and hmiity injurious to tne pubtie seivice."
What does that mean? It means, of course,
I that the Secretary of the Navy has done some
'! wiong. I admit that evil praeticcs were proved
i] to exist in the New York and othei navy-yards.
'! I admit it freely, that the appointments in the navy-
vards have been made upon political grounds. But
:! how long has this been the case? The gentleman
'i from New York, known for his modesty, intelli-
;j .rence, and fidelity to the public interest, [Mr.
li Maclat,] says that he lias been acquainted wath
ji the navy-yard since 1842, and that the appoint-
l| merits have always been made upon political
ji grounds as long as he has known it. It appears
Si to be an evil incident to all parties at the piesent
