1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£
sons for this opinion at large, because I suppose
the views I entertain on this subject are very well
understood; and if they are not understood, they
are not very important—certainly notof so much
importance as the votes that we are to give. If
the House bill shall pass, it will relieve all those
who are it ruler great embarrassment upon land
now subject to preemption who are unable to pay
for it, who are suffering and in jeopardy of hav-
ing their land taken from them, for the reason
that they cannot raise the money to pay the
amount the Government requires. I wish to re-
lieve them.
Mr. PUGH. Docs not my colleague know
that by this bill we give them two years to pay ?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. This billgives
them all two years—sufficient time to have the
legislation necessary.
Mr. "WADE. Yes, sir; but I understand that
there are many people who are, now, as I said, in
jeopardy of losing their homesteads by reason of
what the Government requires at their hands;
and I really cannot see any good reason why the
man who has already gone upon the land as a
orecmptioner; has made his claim, and has worked
:11s land for some considerable time, should not
have the benefit of this bill, just as much as the
man who goes now upon land. It will be the
greatest possible boon'that we could offer these
poor men in the wilderness; and, in my judgment,
I should neglect doing my whole duty here if I
did not demand a vote on this proposition. I do
not wish to argue it. I know it is perfectly un-
derstood. 1 simply want to vote. I want to
show the country who is really the friend of these
poor settlers in the wilderness.
The^iropositionnow offered by the Senate com-
mittee is not a homestead bill, in the sense in
which that term has been genet ally understood. It
is a graduation bill, favorable somewhat to the
settler in the western wilderness; but it falls far
short of the benefit of the great measure proposed
by the House of Representatives, and 1 stand up
for that; I have not yet quite made up my mind
to give my assent to this bill, if the House bili
should fail. I do not know that it is not better
for us all, if this shall fail, to wait until we can
have a measure that will do justice and deal gen-
erously with the settler in the western country.
I feel for these men, Mr. President, because I
know some of the difficulties under which they
labor. I know the Senator from Tennessee sym-
pathizes with them asl do, but he thinks thOTno
proposition giving them that meed of benefit that
we should wish to give them can be carried
through now. If it cannot, let it be postponed
until it will go through, for I know there is a
growing sentiment that very shortly will give
them that justice which this House bill demands.
Mr. HARLAN. I think there is a misappre-
hension in relation to the extent of difference be-
tween the bill reported by the committee of the
Senate and the llousebill. We have this moment
voted on one of the points of difference. The
House bill proposes to grant the right to acquire
homesteads to the lieadsoffamilies and to all other
persons citizens of the United States, or who have
declared their intention to become citizens, over
tlk: age of twenty-one years. The Senate bill pro-
poses to grant this privilege to heads of families
only. There are two or three other pomtsof differ-
ence, which I will proceed to name as briefly as
possible.
The House bill proposes to charge ten dollars
for one hundred and sixty acres of land, or at the
rate of six and a quarter cents per acre. The bill
now pending before the Senate proposes to charge
twenty-five cents per acre, or forty dollars for.one
hundred and sixty acres of land. On this point I
prefer the House bill to the Senate bill; not that
there is any difference in principle, as the Senator
from Virginia [Mr. Mason] seems to have sup-
posed. The House bill proposes to charge six and
a quarter cents an acre, and fees to the local land
officers, equal to the per cent, now allowed them
by law, estimatingtheland at$l 25 peracre. This
bill proposes to charge twenty-five cents an acre
and those fees in addition; and this is the only
difference on this point—the difference between
six and a quarter cents and twenty-five cents ail
acre. I would prefer to reduce the amount pro-
posed in the Senate bill to twelve and a half cnts an
acre, for a reason that was suggested to my mind
bythoremarkaofthe Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Green;] and J will here state, in passing, that he
was totally wrong in asserting that there were in
Iowa, at thisJjme, lands for sale at twelve and a
half cents per acre. I hold in my hand the report
of the Secretary of the Interior for 1854, which
exhibits the quantity of land subject to sale at
graduated prices in all the land States.
Mr. MASON. I understand the Senatorto say
that the bill from the House proposes to sell the
lands at six and a quarter cents an acre. I read
the bill, if I have the right bill before me, that a
certain class of people shall be entitled to enter,
"free of cost," one hundred and sixty acres.
Mr. HARLAN. In a succeeding section of the
bill it is provided that title shall not be granted
by the Government to the settler until after he
shall have paid ten dollars and the fees usually
paid to the local land officers. Ten dollars for
one hundred and sixty acres of land would be six
and a quarter cents an acre.
Mr. MA SON. I supposed the ten dollars must
be the charge of the Government for administer-
ing the property of the beneficiary. It is not so
much an acre, but a sum in gross, as a quitclaim
for the expense of administering the property for
the benefit of the beneficiary, and he is to pay ten
dollars at the end of the term for that purpose.
Mr. HARLAN. The Senator's suggestion is
purely technical, and docs not involve the neces-
sity of an argumentative reply. The cost of ad-
ministering the property would not equal the
amount proposed as a price. The cost of the sur-
vey of the public lands east of the Rocky Mount-
ains has not exceeded two or three cents per acre.
Any Senator can make the estimate for himself.
In Iowa the minimum price has been §2 75 per
mile, and the maximum nine dollars. I happen
to know, from conversation with members of the
House who participated in framing the House
bill, that the object of the House,m proposing to
charge ten dollars for one hundred and sixty
acres, was to obviate the constitutional difficulty
that certain members of that branch of Congress
had on the subject, who believed that Congress
had no power, under the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, to d'onate lands, but had the power to
sell them. But, as I was about to state, the prop-
osition to charge twenty-five cents an aero, in the
existing condition of facts, is unjust to the State
that I in part represent, and to a number of the
new States in the Northwest, as will be seen from
the exhibit to which I have already alluded, and
to which I invite the attention of the Senate.
At the date of the passage of the graduation
law, as reported by the Secretary of the Interior,
there* were, in Ohio lands that would be liable to.
sale at the various graduated prices of one dollar,
sefenty-five cents, fifty cents, twenty-five cents,
and twelve and a half cents, but 70,000 acres; in
Indiana, 458,000; in Illinois, 1,384,000; in Wis-
consin, 1,906,000; in Michigan, 8,785,000; in
Iowa, 595,000; in Missouii, 13,850,000; in Ar-
kansas, 14,212,000; in Louisiana, 7,806,000; in
Mississippi, 10,602^)00; in Alabama, 14,039,000,
and in Florida, 6,848,000 acres. In the aggregate,
there were at that time subject to sale at the grad-
uation prices, in round numbers, 77,000,OOOacres,
of which there were in the free States 13,000,000
and some thousands, and in the slave States
64,000,000 and some hundred thousand acres.
Mr. GREEN. What class of lands?
Mr. HARLAN. Lands subject to sale at
graduated prices. I have taken the trouble, since
the Senator from Missouri made his speech, to
examine the report of the Secretary of the In-
terior for every year subsequent to the date of
this report up to the present, and I find that the
sales of this class of the public lands have corre-
sponded with this disparity in the amount of lands
which have been offered, at reduced prices, in the
two sections of the country. The bill before the
Senate, then, proposes to charge a settler in a free
State twenty-five cents an acre as the minimum
price, while in the slave States there are millions
on millions of acres of land subject to sale, at
twelve and a half cents an acre—one half the price
proposed in this bill.
Mr. GREEN. Does the; Senator undertake to
say that the law is different between the slave
and the free States, as he calls them ? Is that so?
Is the law different as to the price of lands in any
sense whatever?
Mr. HARLAN. I was speaking of the effect
of the law to which I was alluding.
Mr. GREEN. I want an answer to thai direct
question, for I know it is not, and "the public
know it.
Mr. HARLAN. I have not been intimating
that the phraseology of the law declared that in the
slave States sixty-four million acres shall be stib-
ject to sale at the graduation prices, and in the
free States but thirteen million acres. I was
speaking of the effect of the existing law,- and
suggesting a wrong that ought to be remedied, of
which complaint is made by the people whom I
in part represent. Whilst the people of the State
that the Senator from Missouri represents have
been taking up millions on millions of acres of
the public lands for years past at twelve and a
half cents an acre, the lands sold in my State
h ave averaged about a dollar and a quarter an acre.
I will not take up the time of the Senate with de-
tails. But if the reports of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, now before me, are reli-
able, a very small quantity of public land has
been sold in Iowa at the graduated prices, and
none for less than seventy-five cents an acre—not
one acre—not for the reason suggested by the
Senator from Missouri, that the lands are worth-
less. JXo man who has ever traveled over the
two States, can say that of either Iowa or Mis-
souri. They arc alike. The geological develop- A
meiu of Iowa and Missouri is the same. They
are part and parcel of the very same formation,
with trivial differences. In fertility, the lands in
Iowa are unsurpassed on the globe.
But, Mr. President, although I regard the pries
per acre proposed in the' Senate bill as unjust to
the section of the country which I in part repre-
sent on this floor, in the particular I have men-
tioned, I cannot, as a practical legislator, vote
against it on that account; for should this bill be-
come a law, no settler will be required to make
paymentunderfive years, during which period wo
may remedy the evil; and the difference between
six and one fourth cents and twenty-five cents
per acre, on five years' time, is not sufficient to
justify me in hazarding the loss of the bill, when
I know that it is regarded as material on the other
side of the Chamber. There is, as I understand,
a majority of the members of the Senate in favor
of a homestead bill; and a majority of the mem-
bers of the House are in favor of a homestead bill.
If, then, a homestead bill shall fail to become a
law, it will be in consequence of difference of opin-
ion among the friends of a homestead bill in one
or tha other branch of Congress, or in both, in
mere matters of detail, unless the President shall
see proper to interpose an objection.
What, then, is our present situation? The
House of Representatives hits passed a bill which
has come to the Senate. The Senate committee
had previously reported a bill, on the suggestion
of the Senator from Tennessee, [Mr. Johnson.]
These two bills were discussed for several days.
Almost innumerable amendments <xnd substitutes
were proposed and discussed. It became mani-
fest that the Senate could not, without great waste
of time, conform any one of these to the opinion
pf the majority; when both of those bills, with
all the pending amendments, were referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, with instructions to
report withm three days. That report has been
made, and I desire here to bear witness to the
fidelity of the labors of that committee, of which
I am an humble member. There was manifested
during its long and wearisome labors on this sub-
ject, no disposition on the part of any member of
the committee to defeat the will of the majority.
Every member labored earnestly to prepare a bill
that could pass the Senate, constituted as it now
is, and that would command a majority in the
House-of Representatives, and escape d^aster at
the other end of the avenue. The bill agreed on
is now before the Senate. It is believed by your
committee that this bill can become a law. They
believe the House bill cannot.
Now, sir, is there enough difference between
these two bills, in the particulars I have men-
tioned, to justify me, as the representative of a
land State, where the people are vitally interested,
to hazard the loss of all, or to postpone stjccess
until the close of this Administration?
The next material difference which occurs to
my mind is this: the House bill includes all sur-
veyed lands. The Senate bill includes only lands
subject to sale at private entry. I would prefer
the House bill to the Senate bill in this particular,
