THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C. '
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
THURSDAY, DECEMBER 8, 1859.
New Series..:..No. 3.
ibility in one way or another. We stand as clear
and as clean and as pure, with reference to this
matter, as the most ultra-slavery man among you.
We have our objects, constitutional, legal, as we
believe, rightful. They are avowed by us as a
party; we have stood by them; and let me tell
Senators that, in spite of all the excitement which
may be raised on this question, we are prepared
to stand by them yet. With regard to the argu-
ment which has been adduced here that wo are
showing that we have no regard for the people of
the South, because a portion of our party in an-
other part of the Capitol chooses to nominate a
certain individual for Speaker of the other House,
do Senators imagine that we are to be driven by
denunciations of him and of us, to abandon the
course which we see fit to pursue with reference
to nominations for office? Why, sir, look and see
how yeu treat us; and when 1 say you, I mean
nobody here, but I mean men of your party out
of doors. Mr. Sherman was first called upon to
say whether he really knew what lie was signing.
I believe he had an opportunity to state, and did
state, the fact. Then the very same paper which
made the call on him came out and said that he
had shown himself so mean a man by having
admitted that he did not know what he was sign-
ing, that now he was not worthy of any support
whatever. That is the sort of treatment we re-
ceive ; but let me tell Senators it will amount to
nothing. We are willing that the country shall
judge. It does not form its opinion solely from
what transpires in this end of the Capitol or in
the other. But I will not comment upon that, sir.
I know nothing of the book to which allusion has
been made. I know nothing of the circumstances
under which the recommendation of it was signed;
and I have no opinion to pass here upon the action
of members of the other branch. They can an-
swer for themselves.
Now, sir, I have to say in conclusion that if
Senators desire in good faith to pass tins resolu-
tion, which I have no doubt they desire to pass,
and if they wish the investigation to be made with
reference to its professed object clearly, fully,
thoroughly, we stand here as desirous for it as
they are—and I was about to say more so, because
we here have to rid ourselves of an imputation
that has been cast upon us by the presses of the
country which belong to you and represent you
in the free States. We know how that investiga-
tion must result. If, however, it istdesirsd merely
for another purpose, and such as the speeches of
some gentlemen would seem to indicate that it is
desired for—not to clear away the clouds which
hover over this question of the public opinion of
the North, but to increase them, and render them
blacker and deeper—let me advise you, that al-
though we shall'by our votes show our willing-
ness to afford you every opportunity, you will
yet, in my judgment, fail of your purpose.
Mr. BR.C1WN. Mr. President, when honorable
Senators from the non-slaveholding States protest
a want of all previous knowledge of the transac-
tions at Harper's Ferry, and all sympathy with
those who were engaged in those actions, I, of
course, believe them. It is not my jvovincc to
stand up before my peers and charge them with
deliberate falsehood. When the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine says, as he has just said before
the Senate, that he has no sympathy with those
transactions, and that his people have none, I
have no doubt that he speaks from the depths
of an honest heart; and yet, sir, I will show that
there has been that going on at the North which
was eminently calculated to produce a very dif-
ferent impression upon the southern mind; there
has been that going on which, if the case had
been reversed, would have produced a different
impression upon the mind of the Senator him-
self. Is it usual for notorious malefactors, mur-
derers, robbers, and traitors to have sympathy
expressed for them through the leading journals
of the Senator's party at the North? If John
Brown, instead of engaging in a foray against
slavery, and against the peace and quiet of Vir-
ginia, because she was a slave State, had made
a similar foray into Massachusetts, with a view
of overturning the government of that State, would
the Tribune, would the Evening Post, would other
Republican journals have expressed the sympathy
for him which they have expressed? WouldNew
England clergymen have called their congrega-
tions together in prayer-meetings for the soul of
such a man? Would there have been in public
meetings, religious and political, the same sym-
pathy expressed for him which we have heard ?
Suppose an expedition should be fitted out from
Virginia and Carolina, to go and capture the arm-
ory at Springfield and hold it with the avowed
object of overturning the government of Massa-
chusetts, and the whole government of the New
England States and of the North, and planting
slavery there; then suppose, when you had cap-
tured the leader and gibbeted him upon the gal-
lows, the southern people should hold meetings,
religious and political, to express sympathy with
the man; suppose every wind that swept from the
South should bring upon its wings the tolling of
southern bells over the fate of such a man: Sen-
ators of New England, what would be your con-
clusion ?Suppose I came before you under such
circumstances, professing that I had no sympathy
with this man, that my people had no sympathy
with him: what would be your reply? "Why,
sir, we believe'you speak honestly." I am sure
you would say so to me; but you would ask, as
I ask you, why have you not rebuked these things
at home ? If there be no sympathy with Brown,
none with the great object which ho had in view,
why are bells tolled and meetings held,and why
is tho only expression that comes up from your
people on his side, and not on ours ? The Sena-
tor from Maine says they thought the thing was
insignificant, that there was no need of tendering
aid to Virginia. My friend from Ge®rgia has
well replied to that. Virginia did not need aid;
did not ask it; it would have insulted her dignity
to offer it. You did not owe it to Virginia, you
did not owe it to the South to say anything; but
you will allow me to say that I think you owed
it to yourselves. If what you say now is true—
and that it is, I am* not here to make a question
—why did not you say so before you came here ?
Why allow the impression to become almost uni-
versal in the South, that the sympathy expressed
for this wretchcd old man was a reflection of
northern sentiment ? Why do you not rebuke
your newspapers now? Why is the Tribune al-
lowed from day to day to offend even your senti-
ments, the sentiments of every honest man in the
whole community, by holding up this man Brown
as a martyr to the sacred cause of liberty ? Why,
I ask,, are not your newspapers, your public
speakers, and others, who openly express sym-
pathy with this man, rebuked by you ? If John
Brown had gone into Virginia and murdered the
Governor of the State in cold blood, and had been
executed for it simply as John Brown, there would
have been no sympathy for him. Neither the
Tribune nor the Post nor the Boston Atlas, nor
any other Republican paper, would have said
aught else than that it was right to do so.. No
bells would have been tolled, no public meetings
would have been called, 110 congregations would
have been assembled in the houses of the Most
High to sympathize with him. He would have
been hung simply as a felon, as a traitor, as a
murderer.
What, then, is it that elicits all this sympathy
for him? It is not for John Brown, heroic as you
have said he was, but it is for the cause in which
he was engaged. He came to levy war upon a
slave State, to murder slaveholders, because they
were slaveholders. It is for that, and that alone,
that sympathy has been elicited. My complaint
of you, Senators, is that you stood by and heard
these expressions; you read them in your leading
journals, and allowed them to pass unrebuked.
'Reverse the case: Suppose this man had made a
foray upon Portland, the home of my honorable
friend, and with force sufficient had captured the
navy-yard, with the avowed purpose of using the
Government guns to overthrow the city authori-
ties, and ultimately to, overthrow the authority of
the State of Maine. Then suppose thatwhen you"
had seized and condemned him and. were about to
execute him, the bells in any church of Portland
had been rung in testimony of the public grief at.
his execution, would the good people of Portland,
have allowed it? Are the lives of Virginians less.
sacred to you than the lives of the people of Maine ?
Is Portland less an object of public care than
Harper's Perry ? May Brown be lauded and bells
rung in Portland after he is executed, for having
murdered Virginians, and captured a Virginia
town, with the avowed object of overthrowing the
government of Virginia? And if that may be done,
why not bells be rung in Portland, even though-
he had captured Portland and attempted to over-
throw the government of Maine? No, gentlemen,
disguise it as you will, there is throughout all tho
non-slaveholdmg States of this Union, a secret,
deep-rooted sympathy with the object which this
man had in view. Men may recoil from it; they
may almost shudder at feeling themselves that
they sympathize with such conduct; and yet acts
speak louder than words. Public acts -will show-
that which moves the great public heart, as the
private acts show what it is that moves the heart
©f the private man. If there had been no sym-
pathy with this man, this tolling of bells, these
public meetings, these prayers impiously sent up
to our Father in heaven, this booming of cannon,
these (lemonstrations of every sort, could not have
occurred; or if they had, those who were being
thus committed to tho wrong would have said,
" now speak for yourselves, but dare you not to
speak for us."
A meeting was held at Natick, at which the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] was
present. He has disclaimed all sympathy with
it. I am willing to believe that he feels no sym-
pathy with it; and yet he failed to rebuke it. He
stood by and saw his own neighbors and friends
passing an infamous resolution under the lead of
a man, who, if we believe all he says, and I do
believe all he says, was notoriously a bad man,
putting forth the most incendiary doctrines, pub-
lishing to the world that it was done with tho
unanimous consent of all the people, himself in-
cluded; yet the Senator made no effort to prevent
it. Why did not the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, in that meeting, but say to his
friends " this is madness, you Slave no right to
advise the slaves to rise against their masters, or
resist their authority. I ask you to be cautious
in what you do; do not permit this man, who by
your courtesy is allowed to speak, to commit
you to dangerous doctrines.'' It seems to me the
Senator owed it to himself; he owed it to his whole
country to have said that. His voice would have
been potential, and no such resolution could have
passed. But it goes to our people; they read it;
they read the undisputed fact that the Senator
was there; they know that he represents the sen-
timents of his own State, and I tell him that it
will sink deep into their hearts, that that resolu-
tion expresses the sentiments of Massachusetts.
Suppose I had attended a public meeting where
resolutions were passed hostile to your interests,
advising forays across your borders, making war
upon your people, would it be satisfactory for me
to come a month afterwards and say that I was
there, but did not approve of the resolutions ? So
far, it would be well; but would you not think it
was my duty at the time to have said as much,
to have warned my neighbors and friends, to have
used the potential voice of an American Senator
to rebuke such madness at the right time and in
tho right place ?
If, then, we have been led into error, as I trust
we have been, there is yet time enough to put it
right Let the future prove not only that you
are sincere in your own declarations, as I do not
question that you are, but that you are not mis-
taken in the sentiment of your own people. Let
this open and undisguised sympathy with, a mur-
derer, with a traitor, cease and ceasa at once. Tell
your editors, tell your Greeleys and your Weeds,
that the course in which they are proceeding is
