u
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
treasonable—treasonable to the country, treason-
able to you; that from your high places here in
this great national council-house you will de-
nounce them unless they cease their persistence
in such folly. Let have that. Let your people
assemble in meetings and repudiate the reproach
which even you yourselves must admit has been
cast upon them. Let that be done. Let the Re-
publicans of Boston, of New York, of Philadel-
phia, and everywhere where these meetings have
been held and the firing of cannon has been heard,
assemble in mass meetings as Republicans and
rebuke the whole thing. They will not do it.
Gentlemen may protest and continue to protest,
but the " irrepressible conflict" will go on. When-
ever the northern people shall, in public meetings
or in public elections or in any other manner
which an intelligent man can accept, rebuke this
thing, I shall be as'ready t9 do them justice as
those who represent them "immediately on this
floor; bttt their silence, their silence under ex-
traordinary circumstances, under a most extraor-
dinary state of facts, does excite my suspicion,
that after all they do sympathize with forays into
the slave States for the purpose of overthrowing
their institutions.
Too much has occurred, not only in the non-
slaveholding States, but in the southern States of
this Union, for Senators on the other side not to
feel that it is necessary not only for them to speak
personally, but if it become needful for their party
to speak, to speak in confident tones, so clear and
plain and distinct that they are not to be mis-
taken. Are your friends at home afraid to speak ?
Are you afraid of Garrison and "Wendell Phillips
and Beecher, and that class whom you call Abo-
litionists, but who sympathize with you rather
than with the Democracy' Are your fiends
afraid to denounce them, lest you lose their votes '
Is that it? I hope not. I hope your patriotism
has not yet sunk to that lower scale that, for the
mere hope of carrying a few more votes at an
election, you would be willing to sacrifice the
most vital of all patriotic principles—proper sym-
pathy with a State which has been lawlessly in-
vaded and whose people have been murdered.
It may be thought by gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber that the excuses which they
render for that which is going oil elsewhere will
satisfy the country. I am sure it will not. The
great fact stands out in bold relief that John
Sherman did put his sign manual to a paper
more bitterly denunciatory of the South and of
slavery than anything ever signed even by John
Brown ; and then the poor excuse is rendered for
it that he did it without knowing what the paper
contained. Suppose 1 had gone to John Sher-
man with a strong pro-slavery book, a book
covered all over with pro-slavery sentiments, in
favor of propagating slavery everywhere, and he
had signed it without knowing what was in it;
Senators, what would you have thought .' Would
such a man have been a proper man for Speaker'
If he does put his signature to sentiments utterly
hostile to your interests, to your feelings, to
your politics, and your prejudices, would any of
you, after that, have let him off on the poor ex-
cuse that he signed the book without knowing
what was in it? This he knew : that it was an
anti-slavery book, and that it came from an in-
famous source. With these facts before him
he signed it. He did not care what was in the
book; it was against slavery, and that was all
he eared to know. And, yet, with these facts
before you, there is not a man of you who
would not to-day vote for him for Speaker, not one.
If John Sherman should make an actual foray
into Virginia, murder her people, take possession
of her towns, commit other outrages, such as
were committed by John Brown, I dare say you
would all declare that you had no sympathy
with him; but, my honorable friends, if you
sympathize with that which leads to results;
if you indorse by your votes in this high place
those whose conduct could only prompt to results
such as those at Harper's Ferry, do you think !
the country can hold you guiltless? j
This much I will say, in reference to the '
wretchcd old man who died on the gallows at
Charlestown: he was less guilty than the great
men who prompted him to his misconduct. The
"irrepressible conflict" could end nowhere else.
You encouraged him on to madness,and by your
counsels and your conduct to deeds of despera-
tion, and then you disavow the deeds. Let the
whole conduct change; lettho "irrepressible con-'
.flict" cease by your own acts; come to learn that
Virginia has all the rights in the Confederacy that
belong to Massachusetts; that she has as much
right to have slaves as Massachusetts has not to
have them; that they are equals, and exact equals
in all regards; learn that principle, cherish it, and
practice tiponit, and you will have no occasion
to sympathize with John Brown or John Sher-
man or John anybody else, for outrages such as
that which we all protest against and deplore. I
beg pardon forhavmg detained the Senate so long.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do notproposeto make
any extended remarks at this time, although I
propose at a future day to discuss this " irre-
pressible conflict," and to show that for the past
three thousand years there has been no cessation
of that conflict. I will not occupy the time of the
Senate in its discussion now, but at a future day
I shall do so. At present, I shall merely say that
I am in favor <ff this committee, for reasons dif-
ferent from those which have been stated. I am
in favor of it, because the first execution for trea-
son that has ever occurred in these United States
has just taken place. John Brown has been ex-
ecuted as a traitor in the State of Virginia, apd I
want it to go upon the records of the Senate, in
the most solemn manner, and to be held up as a
warning to traitors, come they from the North,
South, East, or West—dare to raise your impious
hand against this Government, against our Con-
stitution and our laws, and you hang. Sir, I
care not whether that traitor be a Garrisonian
Abolitionist, who proclaims himself, and has for
years proclaimed lumse'f, ns in opposition to the
Government of the United States, or whether he
be a southern Governor, who proclaims that in
certain events he will raise his traitorous hand
against the Constitution and the Union, I want
this record to stand, and to stand solemnly before
the Senate—let the traitor hang. It is no new
doctrine that is sprung upon us to-day. Threats
have been made year after year, for the last thirty
years, that in certain events this Union will be
dissolved. Sir, it is no small matter to dissolve
the Union. It means a bloody revolution, or it
means a halter. It means a successful overturn-
ing of this Government, or it means the fate of
John Brown, and I want that to go solemnly 011
the records of this Senate.
But again, sir, I have another reason for desir-
ing this investigation. I want to know where
John Brown was educated. The Abolitionists of
the North, if I am rightfully informed, and there
are very few of them, are non-resistants. I am
informed that the Abolitionists, as a class, are non-
resistants. If that be so, and John Brown was an
Abolitionist, he received his education somewhere,
and I want this investigation to bring out and
show clearly where he was educated, and my
word for it, the crime of that education will not
rest upon the Republican party.
Again, sir, it has been charged here, over and
over and over again, that the Republican party is
responsible, directly or indirectly, for this foray.
I believe that this investigation, if it is fairly and
ably and honestly conducted, will show that if
there is any political party in the United States
responsible for the action of John Brown, it is the
Democratic party and that alone; and I will tell
you why, sir. Look at the action of the Dem-
ocratic party in the State of New York last year.
The Democratic party there aided in putting up
Mr. Gerritt Smith as an Abolition candidate avow-
edly to defeat the Republican nominee, Governor
Morgan. Again, sir, as the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire said yesterday, look at the
universal howl of delight that pervaded the north-
ern Democratic press on the announcement of the
John Brown foray. You will find it from Maine
to Michigan; you will find it pervading the entire
Democratic press of the North everywhere. When
I came to Washington, I was finniy persuaded
that there were but two classes of individuals who
charged that the Republicans were directly or in-
directly responsible for the act;; of John Brown:
one class was knaves, and the other fools; but
since I came here, I have changed my mind. I
believe that the knaves of the North have fooled
some very sensible people in the South; but at
the North there is not a sensible man that does
not belong to the first class who even brings the
chargp.
Senators ask us why we have no sympathy for
Virginia in this instance. Sir, we do not under-
stand the case at all. What are the facts in this
case? Seventeen white men and five unwilling
negroes surrounded and captured a town of two
thousand people with a United States armory, any
quantity of arms and ammunition, with three hun-
dred men, as I am informed, employed in it under
a civil officer, and held it for two days. These 1
understand to be the facts of the case, and you ask
why have we not sympathy ? We do not under-
stand any such case as that. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. Brown] asks what would you say
if Virginia and Carolina were to attack the arm-
ory at Springfield. I do not know what is the
population at Springfield, but I will guaranty
that if seventeen or twenty-two of the generals,
not captains, (they say these men were to be cap-
tains,) of the States of Virginia and North Caro-
lina were to attack Springfield, if there was not
a man within five thousand miles of there, the
women would bind them in thirty minutes, and
would not ask sympathy, and the matter would
not be deemed of sufficient importance to ask for
a committee of investigation on the part of the
corporation. Why, sir, Governor Wise com-
pared the people of Harper's Perry to sheep, as
the public press states. It is a libel, it is not true,
for I never saw a flock of fifty or a hundred sheep
in my life that had not a belligerent ram among
them. We do not understand this case, sir. We
understand 110 such panic as this. If seventeen,
or fifty, or one hundred men, were to attack a town
of the size of Harper's Ferry anywhere through-
out the region with which I am acquainted, they
would simply be put in jail in thirty minutes, and
then they would be tried for their crimes, and, if
guilty, they would be punished, and there would
be 110 row made about it. If seventeen men were
to attack the city of Detroit in any capacity, and
the mayor should appoint as a guard more than
seventeen constables to take care of them, the city
auditor would decline to audit the account; he
would not pay it.
The facts in this case, as they appear to be, are
these: The fugitive slaves at Cliatham,in Canada,
got together some time—1 do not know when—
and organized a provisional government for the
United States. There arc, I understand, about
sixty thousand fugitive slaves in the Province of
Canada. They got together in Chatham, in
Canada, and there resolved to organize a provis-
ional government for these United States. They
did so; and they sent as their agents—this I
gather from newspaper accounts—to put their
government in motion, John Brown and sixteen
other white men and live negroes, without any
hopes of support from any source. Now, gen-
tlemen ask, where did all these funds come from?
All that was needed won.hi amount to about prob-
ably twenty cents on eacli head of your own
fugitive slaves in Canada; and yet the great Re-
publican party of the North, representing one
million three hundred thousand voters, is to be
charged with complicity in this miserable fugitive
slave government established at Chatham some
time—God knows when, and I do not know nor
care. Sir,itistooridiculous. Icannottreatitwith
any sort of serious consideration. As I said be-
fore, no man of common sense at the North even
thinks of charging it upon the Republican party
The Democratic party and the Democratic press,
from which the Senator from Georgia read copious
extracts, is known not to represent the sentiment
there. It is a hired, pampered press. Look at
that identical paper from which lie read, and I
will guaranty you will find hundreds of dollars'
worth of Government advertisements in it. Sir,
it is a villainous press, hired to do dirty work,
and it does it faithfully.
The Senator from Georgia states that your
liorthern allies are in a hopeless minority. "Well,
sir, that is true. You have crowded them a little
too far. You have left their bones bleaching all
over the land. They are politically dead, hope-
lessly dead, beyond any resurrection. The trum-
pet of the archangel will never reach them polit-
ically. You have crowded them too far, sir. You
have forced them to vote for your Lecompton
constitution. You forced them to vote for the
repeal of the time-honored Missouri compromise.
You ha\ e kept the " nigger" eternally before them,
and whether he was acceptable or obnoxious to
them, you made them swallow the " nigger" in
