1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
35
large or small doses as you saw fit to present him,
and it has been a fatal close; you have'given too
much.
Sir, I hope this resolution will pass unani-
mously, and I hope the action of this committee
will be elFective. I hope it will be searching and
thorough, and my word for it, some other party
than the Republican party will come up delin-
quents under its action.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, if at any
time I have entertained any doubt whether this
amendment ought to he passed, those doubts have
been entirely removed. From the course of the de-
bate here, and the charges which have been made
upon the Republican party as a party, and from
the fact which has just been stated that Governor
Wise, of Virginia, in his message, charges this
transaction at Harper's Ferry upon the Repub-
lican party as an organized party of this country,
I believe that it is necessary that the committee,
in order to do justice to this whole subject, should
go beyond the resolution which was offered by
the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will my friend allow me
a moment, for I suppose he refers to what I said.
I alluded m the remarks I made to an abstract of
Governor Wise's message m the New York Eve-
ning Post, but it did not mention the Republican
party particularly. It says " the majority of the
people of the North."
Mr. MASON. I was going to ask the Senator
to read the paragraph from the message of Gov-
ernor Wise in which he charges this upon any
political party.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I qualified that; but i
will read the passage if my friend will allow me.
Mr. MASON. It is unnecessary. I under-
stand the Senator to say it is an abstract and re-
fers to the people of the North.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will read it; because I
do not wish to misrepresent anybody:
"The Legislature of Virginia organized to-day. Gov-
ernor Wise's message reviews the liarpcr'-i Ferry affair at
great length. It speaks of the frpirit ot fanaticism and one
idea ot the Abolitionists, which has seemed to madden
whole masses ot one entire section of the country; which
enters into theii religion, education, politics, players, courts
oi justice, and Legislatures; which has tiaincd up three
generations m moialand social habits of hatred to the mas-
teis of African slaves in the United States, but turns not
upon slavery elsewhere; which would have sent a rescue
to assassins, robbers, murderers, and tiaitors, whom it has
sent to IVkiub*graves. Unless the numeiical majonty &hall
cease to violate the confederate faith, and cease to distmh
our peace, to destioy our lives and properly,, and to deprive
us ot all the pioteetion and redress under the perverted
founs and distorted workings of the Union, we must take
up aim-.. The issue is too essential to be compromised
any more. We cannot stand such insults and outrages as
those of Harper's Feiry, witnoui suffering woise than death
as citizens, and without suffering m dishonor the death of
a State. It is not to be denied that we have many sound
and sincere friends in the non-slavuholdmg States; but the
conservative elements aie passive, whilst the fanatical aic
active, and the former is fa^t cfimmi^hing, whilst the latter
ie increasing in number and torce.
This is the paiagraph to which I had refer-
ence. It purports to he a communication from
Richmond, Virginia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I shall not
dwell upon that statement particularly, though I
do not Understand that it substantially varies from
what I had understood to be the effect of the state-
ment contained m the message of Governor Wise.
I understand that, in effect,he charges this affair
at Harper's Ferry upon the masses of the north-
ern people, without specifying whether they be-
long to the Republican or to the Democratic party.
Mr. <FESSENDEN. A majority he calls them.
Mr. ^DOOLITTLE. Well, Mr. President, I
agfec with the honorable Senator from Virginia,
that this is not, or certainly ought not to be, any
mere pasrty question: and, if the Governor of Vir-
ginia, in his public message, now charges upon
a majority of the people of the northern States,
whether they be Democrats or Republicans of the
North, complicity m fact, in principle, or in inten-
tion, with the transaction at Harper's Ferry, after
what has been said here to-day, 1 feel called upon,
as one of the representatives of the northern
States, to address myself for a few moments to
the consideration of the Senate.
I agree, Mr. President, that the time has come
when we should understand each other, and un-
derstand each other fully and distinctly: when
there should be no concealments, when we should
make a clean breast of this whole matter, and
learn how we stand upon this floor. As 1 under-
stand it, we stand here as equals and brethren,
the representatives of equal and sovereign States,
bound to maintain the Government of the United
States, the Constitution of the United States, and
the laws of the United States which are enacted
in pursuance of the Constitutions As individual
members of the Senate, we are bound by our oath
to the Constitution of the United States, to main-
tain that Constitution, and to maintain the laws'
which are e'nacted in pursuance of it, and to'main-
tain them at all hazards and against all enemi'es,
no matter whether they come from abroad or
whether they exist at home.
Mr. President, the transaction at Harper's Fer-
ry occurred at a time previous to the election
which was to come off in the Northwest, in the
States of Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minhesota. It
was at once thrown into the canvass. The news-
paper presses of the so-called Democratic party
North, following the lead of,the New York Herald,
denounced the Republican party as being respons-
ible for the conduct of Brown at Harper's Ferry.
We were called upon to meet if, to meet it before
our own constituents, to meet it publicly through-
out that whole section of country; and every-
where throughout the State of Wisconsin, in the
public meetings which were,held and which were
addressed by Republican speakers, and in the
public press of Wisconsin, as well as throughout
the whole Northwest, the attempt at Harper's
Fer^y by Brown and his companions to make
war on Virginia, incite slaves to insurrection, and
overturn the Government of the United States,
met with one unqualified and unanimous denun-
ciation. I challenge any gentleman on this floor
to produce one Republican paper throughout the
Northwest which ever justified, which ever at-
tempted to justify, this act of Brown at Harper's
Ferry. I linow that there are Republican papers
there which may sympathize with Brown as an
individual, as any man who is under trial and
sentence and condemnation may receive sympa-
thy for the personal qualities which he may dis-
play during his trial and while under sentence
and while going to execution: but that any justifi-
cation has ever been expressed by any Republican
paper or by any Republican speaker throughout
the whole northwestern country, where I reside,
I deny altogether. I clefy gentlemen to produce
any such paper.
But I do not rest upon a bare denial. I do not
stand upon the simple defensive.. The question
comes, and comes to us now, and if we arc to
look into this matter at all, let us look into the
whole of it, and look it square m the face. When
or where did all this violence begin; all this dis-
regard of the laws of the country, this trampling
of the rights of the cmz"ii under foot? Who
unchained the tiger? Who opened the fountains
of civil strife ? By whom was it done ' Who is
responsible for it? If this inquiry be for the pur-
pose of tracing out this responsibility, let me
assure you, Mr. President, we, on this side of
the Chamber, desire a thorough, a "full, a search-
ing investigation.
A very few facts, in mv judgment, will state
the whole case. In 1852, when the Democratic
party of this country elected Mr. Pierce as Presi-
dent of the United States, the slavery question
was settled; there was not a Territory in the United
States where the question of slavery was not set-
tled by positive law, either by the law of the United
States, or by the law of Mexico existing in the
territories which we had acquired from Mexico.
The Democratic party of the country pledged it-
self against opening the slavery agitation m any
form whatever. I supported the Democratic
party, and aided in the election of General Pierce;
and I reposed upon those pledges. When he took
his oath of office, here at Washington, and while
that oath was still warm on his lips, m his inaug-
ural address, lie reiterated the same pledge to the
whole people of the country But in the summer
of. 1853, just as suddenly as if you were to see a
flash of lightning in a cleaj* sky, Mr. David R.
Atchison, "then a Senator of the United States
from the State of Missouri, addressed public
meetings in western Missouri, at which resolu-
tions were passed declaring that if the territory
west of Missouri should be opened for settlement,
the Missouri compromise should be repealed; and,
also, that if 6pencd for settlement they pledged
themselves to each other to carry the institution
of slavery u into that territory at whatever sacri-
fice of blood ©r treasure." From his place in
Missouri, he came here to Washington, in De-
cember following, and took his seat as President
of the Senate of the United States. In January,
1854, a proposition was introduced and pushed
through oy the Democratic party of this country
to repeal the Missouri compromise, and open up
that territory to the instituUon of slavery," That
bill passed in June, 1854? Mr. Atchison resigned
his place as President of the Senate of the United-
States, returned to Missouri, and under his influ-
ence there was an organized'band of invaders,
numbering four thousand nine hundred men, some
of whom broke into the arsenal at Liberty, in
Missouri, took out the arms of the Government,
marched into the Territory of Kansas, with their
drums beating and flags flying, took possession
of every election district in the Territory but one,
elected men who v/ere not, and never had been,
citizens of Kansas, as members of the Legislature
of that Territory, which immediately upon as-
sembling passed laws extending the code of Mis-
souri over the Territory; and when the people of
Kansas appealed to the Congress of the United
States to'set aside the legislation which followed
this border-ruffian invasion and subjugation of th&
Territory, how was their petitfon met and an-
swered? They were met and answered by the
party then m power, the Executive and the Sen-
ate of the United States, inexorably were they
answered, 44 that code which has been passed by
that border luffian Legislature, shall be enforced
and enforced at the point of the bayonet." They
did enforce it: and, sir, it was in the midst of the
war which followed the sacking of Lawrence,
that you for the first time hear of this old John
Brown.
Under what circumstances do you hear of him?
One of his sons is taken by Captain Pate, bound
with thongs, driven in front of horses on foot,
without food or water, until from famishing he
becomes a maniac, and he has never recovered
from his insanity to this day. In presence of the
house of old John Brown another son of his, a but
half-witted boy, is shot down. Then it is that
we begin to hear of old John Brown as a leader
of a band of free-State men in Kansas. Then it
was that the iron entered into the old man's soul,
and from that hour up to the moment of his death
he fcwore eternal" hostility, and from that hour
was ready not only to give his own life, but to take
the lives of otlier meii in order to give liberty to
those who were enslaved.
Furthermore, it appears from the public press
that this schcme of invading Virginia at Harper's
Ferry was first concocted, I believe, in Kansas,
by Brown and his associates, Cook and
They afterwards held their meeting in Canada for
the purpose of organizing their provisional gov-
ernment against'the United States.
Now, the honorable Senator from Ohio [Mr
Pugii] says, "let us hear no more about Kansas;
we have heard enough about Kansas. *' Mr. Pres-
ident, we have indeed heard much about Kansas,
and if the people of this country are now prepared
to receive the sad lesson it teaches; if the repre-
sentatives not only of the northern States but of
the southern States are to-day prepared to listen
to the truths taught in its bloody history, and act
upon them, let them join with us, in good faith,
and from this hour let us strike hands together;
let us bind ourselves anew to put down all oppo-
sition to the laws of the United States which are^
constitutionally enacted; to put down all filibus-
tering, whether it is fillibustering from Canada into
Virginia, or fillibustering from the southern States
into Nicaragua, or fillibustering from Missouri
: into Kansas. Let it be put down everywhere in
; all parts of the country; Ietus stand upon justice,
and stand for the Constitution of the land.
Mr. PUGH. Let me ask one or two questions.
I understand the Senator to say that John Brown
was actuated in what he did in the State of Vir-
ginia, by what had occurred in Kansas. Do I
understand that to be the Senator's proposition?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I say he was educated in
Jvansas to take life on the slavery question.
Mr. PUGH. I understood the Senator to say
that he was moved to this expedition by what
occurred in Kansas, and that there he formed the
conspiracy.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the news-
papers to state that Cook and Kagi and Brown
first concocted their plan of invading Virginia at
Harpers's Ferry, in Kansas.
