1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1990
or receiver that he or she is the head of a family, or is
twenty-one years or moie of age, and that such application
is for his or her exclusive use and benefit, and those espe-
cially mentioned in this act, and not, either directly or
indirectly, lor the use or benefit of any other person or pei-
sons whomsoever ; and upon filing the affidavit with the
legister or receiver, he or she shall thereupon be permitted
to enter the quantity of land specified : Provided, however,
That 110 certificate shall be given or patent issued therefor
until the expiration of five years from the date of such en-
try ; and if, at the expiration of such time, or at any time
within two >ears thereafter, the person making such entry
 or if he be* dead, his widow; or in ease of her death, his
heirs or devi*ee; or in case of a widow making such entry,
her heirs or devisee, m case of her death—shall prove by
two credible witnesses that he, s-he, or they have resided
upon and cultivated the same for the term of five years
immediately succeeding the time of filing tlie affidavit afore-
said ; then, iu such case, he, she, or they, if at that time a
citizen of the United States, shall, on payment of ten dol-
lars, be entitled to a patent, as in other cases piovided for
by law : Jlnd -providedfurther, That in case ot the death of
both father and mother, leaving an infant child, or children,
under twenty-one years of age, the light and fee shall
inure to the benefit of said infant child or children; and
the executor, administrator, or guardian may, at any time
withm two yeats alter the death of the surviving parent,
and in accordance with the law* of the State in vvnieh
such children tor the tune being have their domicil, sell
said land l'or the benefit of said infants, but for no other
purpose; and the purchaser shall acquire the absolute title
by the purchase, and be entitled to apatentfrom the United
States, on payment of the office fees and sum of money
herenj specified.
See. 3. And be it further enacted, That the register of
the land ofiiee shall note all such applications on the tract-
books and plats ofhis office, and keep a register of all such
entries, aud make return thereof to the General Land
Office, together with the proof upon which they have been
founded.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all lands acquired
under the piovisions of this act shall in no event become
liable to the satisfaction of any debt or debts contracted
piior to the issuing of the patent therefor.
Sec. 5. And be if farther enacted, That if, at any time
after the filing of the affidavit, as xequired m the second
section of this act, and before tiie expiiation of the five
years aforesaid, it shall be proved, after due notice to the
settler, to the satisfaction of the tegister ot the land offiec,
that the person having filed such affidavit shall have actu-
ally changed his or her residence, or abandoned the said
entry for more than six months at any time, then, and in
that event, the land so entered shall revert to the Govern-
ment.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That no individual
shall be peimitted to make more than one cntiy under the
provisions of this act; and that the Commissioner of the
General Land Office ishereby lequired to prepare and issue
such rules and regulations,.consistent with this act, as shall
be necessary and proper to carry its provisions into effect;
and that the registers and receivers of the several land of-
fices shall be entitled to receive the same compensation for
any lands entered under the provisions of this act that they
are now entitled to receive when the same quantity of land
is entered with money, one half to be paid by the person
making the application at the time of so doing, and^he
other half on the issue of the certificate, by the persol^o
whom it may he issued: Provided, That nothing contained
in this act shall be so construed as to impair or interfere
in any manner whatever with existing picemption rights:
And provided further, That all persons who may have filed
their applications for a preemption right prior to the pas-
sage of this act, shall be entitled to all the privileges of this
act.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthonv, Bingham, Camei on, Chandler,
Claik, Collamer, Dixon, Doolittie, Douglas, Durkee, Foot,
Foster, Grimes, Hale, Ilamlin, King, Rice, Seward, Sim-
mons, Sumner, Ten Evck, Toombs, Tiumbull, Wade, Wil-
kinson, and Wilson—26.
NWS—Messrs. Bavard, Bigler, Bragg, Bright, Brown,
Chesnut,Clay, Clmgman. l)avi<, Fitch,Fitzpauick,Green,
Gwm, Hammond, Hemphill, Ilunter, Iverson, Johnson ot
Arkansas, Johnson of Tennessee, Lane, Latham, Mason,
Nicholson, Polk. Powell, Pugh, SauUbury, Sebastian, Sli-
dell, Wigfall, and Yulee—31.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLARK. I move now to strike out sec-
tion eleven from the Senate bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The section
will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Sec. 11. And be it further enactcd, That all lands lying
within the limits of a State which have been subject to sate
at private entry, and which remain unsold after the lapse
of thirty-live years, shall be, and the same are heieby, ceded
to the State in which the same may be situated : Provided,
These cessions shall in no way invalidate any inceptive
preemption right or location, nor any sale or sales which
may be made by the United States before the lands hereby
ceded shall be certified to the State, as they are hereby re-
  quired to be, under such regulations as may be prescribed
by the Seeietary of the Interior: And provided further,
That no cessions shall take effect until alter the States, by
legislative act, shall have assented to the same.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senate will give me their
attention for five minutes, I can show them that
this is an essential scction of the bill. To be
sure, the act does not exempt those lands which
arc holden for five years, or for two years, from
taxation by the States; it docs not propose to do
it in express terms; yet it must be remembered
that, under the operation of the homestead feature
of the act, the public land is held and used by
individuals for five years with the legal estate
remaining in the Government, and in the case of
preemption for two years, and during these pe-
riods of five years and two years respectively,
although the right of taxation is not denied to the
State by the bill, it is in effect impaired. My
judgment in the committee, as my colleagues will
recollect, was to give the States all the lands which
had graduated down to twenty-five cents an acre.
I thought that that was a fair equivalent to the
States for impairing their right of taxation. I
was overruled. In that regard, the committee
agreed only to give the lands which had been in
market thirty-five years to the States, and it is
little enough to give the States for the injury
which has been inflicted on their right of taxation
by the former sections of the bill. I wish it were
more, and I shall vote for any separate bill to in-
crease the amount of the cession, though for the
present I stand to this section. If we strike it out,
we involve the Government in a controversy im-
mediately with the States as to the right to tax
these lands. We had better give this to them as
a small equivalent.
Mr. CLARK. I do not design to detain the
Senate on this.amendment. It is very well under-
stood. I am opposed to giving the States thost
lands which remain after that time. I desire that
they should remain as the property of the Gov-
ernment, to be acted upon as occasion may require.
I simply desire now that the yeas and nays may
be taken on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the proposition now is
to strikeout that feature of the bill w'liich inostof
all commends it to gencial favor. The condition
of the now States, or as they are sometimes termed
the land States, in the Government is anomalous.
The United States remain as proprietor of lands
within the limits of a State sovereignty; a posi-
tion of things which must induce controversies
between the States and the Federal Government,
had they not been peopled by those who were so
tenacious not only of their own rights, but of the
rights of otlieis, that they were willing to bear
oppression for peace sake. Many years ago, the
Senator whose mind was more prophetic, 1 think,
than that of any other public man we have ever
had, indicated the probable controversies which
would arise between the States and the United
States by the continuation of the power of the
Federal Government over the land within the
States, and proposed at that time to transfer all the
lands to the States within which they lay, the
States to pay a percentage of the proceeds into
the Treasury of the General Government. The
feature in this bill which most commends it to
me, and that feature which, perhaps,more than
every other would induce me to vote for it, is the
very one which the Senator from New Hamp-
shire proposes to strike out. 1 hope it will be
retained in the bill if the bill is to pass at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to de-
tain the Senate, but I wish to say that I entirely
concur with the Senator from Mississippi in re-
gard to this provision of the bill. I cannot con-
ceive any object that this Government lias in re-
taining lands when they have been in market
thirty-five years, and have been reduced to twelve
and a half cents an acre and no one will buy them.
It merely affords an opportunity to keep up the
offices, incurs expense to the 'Government, in-
creases its patronage, of which the Government
has already altogether too much. I trust that
this provision will not be stricken out of the bill.
It is unjust to the new States, where these lands
He. They are not to be taxed, and there is every
reason why this particular provision should be
retained in the bill.
Mr. MASON. I think I can solve the doubts
of the Senator from Illinois.- It is certainly a
grievance, but a neecssaiy grievance in our form
of Government, that the "United States should be
a proprietor of land within the limits of a sov-
ereign State. I can well understand that it is a
grievance to that State; but yet, from our condi-
tion here upon the continent, it seems to me to be
a political necessity that the United States shall,
at times, be a land proprietor within the limits o
a sovereign State. Now, I concur in the policy
of the very illustrious Senator that has been
alluded to, who# is now dead, to avoid the con-
tention, and I will say the corruption,* that ©nsue
from this system of landholding, it would be far
better to get rid of the subject atoJice by ceding
the lands to the States in which they lie. But,
when that honorable Senator asks why we should
refuse this cession of lands that have been thirty-
five years in market, and unsold during that period,
to the States within which they tie, I would tell
him the answer is this: it will deprive the admin-
istrators of the Federal Government for the time
being, the majority in Congress, from distrib-
uting largesses among the people. That is it.
These public lands are to be used to make largesses
among the people; and if you give them to the
States within wliich they lie, you give them to
the States instead of the great mass distributed
through all the States. The objection to it is,
because it takes away the power of largess.
Mr. CLAY. I concur entirely with whatwas
said by the Senators from Mississippi and Illinois
in support of this section, which it is proposed
to strike out; and I wish simply to state another
reason why it should be sustained by the Senate,
that was not stated by either of those Senators.
i wish to premise, by remarking that it was one
of the features of the bill of Mr. Calhoun, to which
my friend from Mississippi has alluded, and it
was one of the features of the amendment which
I offered to the original homestead bill, as it came
fiom the House of Representatives, and the only
feature of my amendment which is adopted in this
bill, to cedc the lands to the States*. In addition
to the reasons which have been stated by the Sen-
ators from Mississippi and Illinois, for rejecting
this amendment, I will state one which, 1 think,
ought to control the \otes of those who are not
influenced by the reason ahcady assigned; and
that is, that after the lands are reduced to twelve
and a half cents an acre, the Federal Government
is not reimbursed the expenditure of the admin-
istration of those lnnds. I have a letter from the
Commissioner of the General Land fjffice^ in which
he says it would bo the interest of the Federal
Government to cede all the lands that have been
reduced to twelve and a half cents an acre, be-
cause I believe it is well undeistood that unless
the lands bring twenty-five cents, the Govern-
ment is not reimbursed its expenditure. There-
fore, if you continue to keep these landsin market
at twelve and a half cents an acre, the result is,
that the land officers must be supported out of
the Treasury, and they are an actuaj^tax and
burden upon the Federal Government. Hence,
I think we should not hesitate to reject this
amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anlliony, Clark, Collamer, Dixon, Ham-
lin, Teaicc, and Ten Eyck—7.
NAYti—Mestis. Cislur, Dmgham, lira"?. Blight, Brown,
Cameron, Chandler, CUesnut, Clay, Clingman, Davi,, Doo-
littie, Douglas, ijuikoe. Fitcll, Fiupauick, Foot, Foster,
Giocn, Grimes,Hale, Hammond, IIail.ni, Hemphill, Hunter,
lvcrsou, Johnson of Arkansas, Johnson ol Tennessee, Kin;,
Lane, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, l'olk, Powell, Pugti,
It ice, Sebastian, Scwaid. Hhdell, Simmer, Toombs, Trum-
bull, Wade, Wigfall, Wilkinson, Wilson, and Yulee—48.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RICE. Fur the purpose of carrying out
my views on this question, so far as practicable,
and for the purpose of enabling the present gen-
eration to look forward to the day when this fruit-
ful subject of agitation can be removed from the
Halls of Congress, 1 move to strike out from the
eleventh section, in the fourth line, the word
"thirty." It now reads "thirty-five." I wiSh
to get this question out of Congress. I wish to
leave it ill the hands of the States. I would prefer
to strike out the thirty-five year^' limitation, and
five the lands at once to the States; for I do not
believe the framcrs of the Constitution ever an-
ticipatcd that the Qovernmentof the United States
should act as the "proprietor and the controlling
power of the great domain within the limits nf tho
States. I therefore offer this amendment.
Mr. PUGH. The Senator proposes to strike
, out the word '* thirty," so as to leave it five years.
I I preferred twenty-five years in comniittcc, and I
i do now; because the price stipulated foi the lands
under the fiist four sections of the bill is twenty-
live cents an acre; and the graduation act provides
that all land twenty-five years in market shall
come down to twenty-five cents an acre. I thought
in committee that was the best provision; anam-
thoughlwould not seek to disturb the bill, as the
