1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1055
its Executive. There never was one of the States
of this nation that acted in that way in the adop-
tion of the present Constitution. The people of
the United States, meeting in the conventions in
their several States, adopted the United States
Constitution. The Stales never acted on it as
States. It would be a paradox that they should
have done so. How could the Legislature of
North Carolina, for instance, invested as it was,
at that time, by the people with the power to levy
and collect duties upon imports; how could the
State, in its organized capacity, through that or-
gan delegate that power to another body? It
could not bo done. It never was done. It never
was attempted to be done. The people of the
United States had to meet in their several States
in their original condition, as a people in conven-
■ tion, for these reasons: first, it was more conve-
nient; next, if the people of North Carolina had
invested their Legislature with the power to levy
and collect duties, the people of North Carolina
alone would have the power to invest that in an-
other body; to wit, Congress. If you called the
whole people of the United States, it would be a
different set of people to take that power away
from the one who gave it. No, sir, it is not true
that this is in that"sense a Confederacy. It is a
national Government. I say it is a national Gov-
ernment, operating by its own act on individuals,
and enforcing its own laws by its own executive
power. The old Confederation was a failure.
Tli is is a national Government.
If these things be true, can it be possible that
any State in this Union can dissolve it, or, if you
please, lay a foundation for others to dissolve it,
by passing unconstitutional laws ? It is utterly
destructive 9f the whole principle of the Govern-
ment. There is no foundation for it at all. Then
I deny that, because laws may have been passed,
mistakenly if you please, that were unconstitu-
tional, against the United States Constitution,
that is any foundation for a dissolution of this
Government. But there is another very strange
thing in all these assertions; and that is, that upon
a certain contingency, the election of a Republi-
can President, the Union is to be dissolved on ac-
count of those laws. Pray, what relationship is
there between them ? It is pretty much like one
man telling another, "If you had not caned me
to-day for my insolence, I would have paid you
that debt a month ago." [Laughter.]
The next point made upon us is, that itwillnot
do to go on with the Republican party in posses-
sion of the Government, because gentlemen say
we are going to break down the Supreme Court.
There isanotlier principle of our party mentioned
in this connection, and that is, that we are going
to exclude them from the Territories. On this last
point I have already said all that I wish to say.
This is exactly what has been done from the be-
ginning. It is the very thing the Government was
made for. Now, in relation, to breaking down the
Supreme Court, I have but a few words to say.
I have always understood, as a lawyer, that the
judgment of a court was binding upon the parties
and privies—110 more. It is binding upon the par-
ties to the suit, and upon all who claim under them,
who are privy to it. There it ends. The judg-
ment of a court of competent jurisdiction is to be
executed to that extent, and there it stops. The
United States, I take it, were never a party to the
Dred Scott decision, nor a privy to it 111 any legal
sense. t Then it has no binding force, as a judg-
ment, on the United States. Should it have any
force as a precedent, or authority ■ It was a polit-
ical decision as to the power of the Government
to forbid slavery in the Territories. That is a
question relating to the exercise of the political
fower of a coordinate branch of the Government,
f that is not political, 1 do not know what is.
Well, now, how has that always been viewed ?
Some years since, the Supreme Court very de-
liberately decided that the Bank of the United
States was constitutional. The Democratic plat-
form, I believe, even 111 the last version, following
its predecessors, contains an express resolution
that it is unconstitutional. We see, then, how
ii is understood, by that party at any rate, that a
decision of the Supreme Court 011 a point of that
kind is good for nothing at all, unworthy of any
respect, and that their own party decisions in then-
platform are of higher authority, more validity,
and are more binding. I do not choose to quar-
rel about that. It is a matter between them and
the court. I take it, however, as authority, and it
seems to me that, at any rate, gentlemen who
stand upon that platform ought not to insist much
011 the decisions of the court.
But, Mr. President, the Dred Scott decision, as
a precedent—and certainly that is its only effect
on us in point of law—I take it, is neither infal-
lible nor inscrutable. I hardly think any gen-
tleman will stand here and say that he claims for
the decision of the Supreme Court, as precedent
and authority, that we should bow down to it as
we would to the inscrutable dispensations of Di-
vine Providence; or that we should even say
blasphemously of it, "the Lord has given, the
Lord has taken away; blessed be the name of the
Lord." This will not be claimed, I apprehend.
Then it is to be examined; and its worth as a
precedent depends on the soundness of the argu-
ments that sustain it and the principles on which
it stands. If it has any weight, it is that; and,
by the way, if the arguments are good to sustain
the principle, they would be just as good without
the decision of the Supreme Court, as with it.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to examine this
decision of the Supreme Court a little. They
expend a great deal of time in undertaking to show-
that the power of the Government over the terri-
tory beyond the Mississippi, territory which,was
not owned at the adoption of the Constitution,
does not arise and exist under the territorial clause
of the Constitution—I mean the clause giving
Congress power to make all needful rules ana
regulations. I eare very little about that. I think
it is totally unfounded in its reasons on that
point. But I care very little about it for another
reason. The court say that there is, after all, a
power in this Government to obtain territory by
conquest or t.-eaty. They further say, that there
must necessarily be, incident to that power and
to the power to admit States, authority, when the
Government has acquired a Territory, to frame a
Government for it, so as to pass it through a con-
dition of pupilage, and prepare it for admission
as States. I care very little whether the power
came from that clause or not; they say there is
thatpower, any way;and they say that,in framing
the laws for that purpose, it is in the discretion
of Congress to make provision; it"is not for the
court to say what form of government they shall
give it. They say further, that, the territory being
a part of the'Umted States, " the citizens enter it
under authority of the Constitution, with their
respective rights marked out and defined." But
they say " this power is in the discretion of Con-
gress," and that, of course, they are to frame the
form of governmentin such a wayas they believe
will bestadvance the interests of the whole people.
They then spend sometime discussing whether,
in doing that, Congress can exercise any powers
except some that are delegated expressly by the
Constitution. I look upon all that part of the
opinion as mere talk, because they say that the
Constitution has not delegated to Congress any
power to govern the territory obtained after the
Constitution was adopted; that that is merely inci-
dental to their power to obtain territory. Of course
there is nothing in the Constitution by which
it is said what the forms of power shall bu that
they shall exercise there. But they then come
to talk about another topic. They say that Con-
gress, in the exercise of power in the Territories,
can do nothing that is expressly prohibited by
the Constitution. Very well; let us take ii so.
They go oil to enumerate a number of things that
they say Congress cannot do. For instance: they
cannot establish a religion, cannot abridge the
freedom of speech or of the press, cannot abolish
trial by jury, and so on, naming things that are
expressly forbidden in the Constitution. Is it
anywhere forbidden in the Constitution that Con-
gress shall prohibit slaves being carried there ?
All the prohibitions they mention arc express
prohibitions. Is there such an express prohibi-
tion as that? How can you read into the Con-
stitution a prohibition aimtng those that are there,
which is not there? That is what is attempted
to be done. How do they get, at it? In this way:
they say, in the first place, that slaves are prop-
erty, so recognized by the Constitution; in the
second place, that everybody has a right to go to
the Territories with every kind of property; and,
in the third place, that to prohibit their doing so,
is to violate the fifth amendment of the Constitu-
tion; which says that no person shalMae deprived
of life, liberty, or property, without due process
of law.
In making up this syllogism, each proposition
in it, whether major or minor, and the ultimate
conclusion, are equally important. In the first
place, then, are slaves property? The court ut-
teily disregarded their own decisions on thatsub-
ject in making this. I think if anything can be
established from the decisions of courts it is that
slavery exists by local law, confined to the terri-
tory over which the law is operative; and if per-
sons held in slaveVy go out of and beyond that
territory, they are no longerslaves; and if slaves
are property by the law within that territory, they
are not without it. In relation to this point,
whether slaves are property beyond the States so
recognizing them, I deny the major proposition,
to begin with, I say the very language of the
Constitution implies the contrary. It says that
if a person holden to service under the laws of
one State escape into another, he shall be returned.
" Held to service!"—how? Under the laws of a
State. " Held to service under the laws thereof,"
is the language.
When that man bound to service in one State
escapes into another State, is he property there?
Can the master go and take him there, and keep
him there, and sell him there, and use him there?
If lie is like other property, and the Supreme
Court says it is precisely the same as other prop-
erty, all that would be true; but we know it is
not. That provision of the Constitution declares
all laws of other States that would release him
from the service void; that is all.. It contem-
plates that such laws might be passed, but says
they shall not have that effect. It does not dis-
charge him from the service in the State where,
he belongs, and only provides for the man being
surrendered up and taken where ho belongs, and
where he owes the service. The Supreme Court
of the United States, in the case of PrTgg vs.
Pennsylvania, decided the very same thing. They
in so may words decided that slavery was a mere
local matter; I will cite their very words:
" The state of slavery is deemed to lie a mere municipal
recusation, founded upon and 1/mitetno the range of territo-
rial laws'."—10 Peters's Reports, page 611.
What did the Supreme Court do with that de-
cision of theirs when they decided the Dred Scott
case ? Never said a word about it; utterly disre-
garded it; never even explained it; never qualified
it at all. I hold in my hand the authorities, as
collected in Burge's Commentaries on Colonial and
Foreign Laws 011 the subjectof the conflietoflaws
J with regard to slavery. I will notread itatlength,
but hero and there. I hold, first, that at common
law, by which I mean the common law of Eng-
land, slaves could not be holden at all. They
never were holden lawfully in England. When
the question arose, it was at once so decided in
Sommersett's case. I know there had been an
opinion given before that time, when a question
arose in relation to their navigation act, whether,
under the navigation act, slaves were merchandise
It was not decided by any suit, but an opinion
being called for by tire privy council, an opinion
!! was given that they were, and therefore, foreign-
|1 ers could not carry on the slave trade with the
l! British colonies; they wanted it all themselves.
M The board of trade with the King in council, had
11 their negative 011 the colonial laws. They disa-
, greed to them whenever the colonies attempted to
pass laws against the slavery carried theie under
: the Assiento contract, which the gentleman [Mr.
|j Br.wTA-nx] well understands. It was a profitable
11 business to the trade of England; and, whenever
11 the colonies attempted to get rid of it, they imme-
IJ diately interfered. By the colonial charter, the
1 King 111 council, had a negative on the acts of the
colonial Legislature. Sometimes they were nega-
tived in that way; sometimes acts were passed ef-
fecting the same end. In short, they forced the
slave trade and the holding of slaves on the colonies
by statute. By their power to regulate trade, they
forced it upon the colonies when it was always
against the common law. Such was clearly the
case as laid down in the authorities as collected
by Burge. In one case they passed, from time to
time, statutes to aid and encourage the trade. He
says:
'• Sir Jolm Hawkins was tile first Englishman who, ta
1562, introduced the practice of buying or Kidnapping ne-
groes in Africa, and transporting and selling them forslaves
in the West Indies. In 1620, a Dutch vessel carried a cargo
! uf slaves from Afiica to Viiginia."
