2000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9.
question is raised, f desire to suggest an amend-
ment, tt> give the States all the lands that have
been twenty-five years in market.
Mr. RICE. I would state to the Senator from
Ohio that if this amendment prevails, I wish fur-
ther to amend the bill, so that at the expiration of
five years the States shall pay to the Government
the cost of the lands and of the surveys.
Mr. PUGif. Well, let the Senator take a vote
on his proposition. I shall reserve mine.
Mr. POLK. Is the question on the amendment,
or on the amendment to the amendment ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Minne-
sota. The amendment to the amendment, in the
opinion of the Chair, cannot be entertained, as
the amendment of the Senator from Minnesota is
to strike out an entire word.
Mr. BRAGG. I ask for the yeas and nays on
this question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CLAY. I move to amend the same sec-
tion, by striking out the word " five." I will not
repeat the reasons which I have already given fof
the amendment. I have stated the fact, that when
the lands are reduced to twelve and a half cents
an acre, I have the authority of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, for saying that they
become a tax on the Treasury; that they do not
reimburse the expenditures of their administra-
tion. Under the graduation bill, lands that have
been thirty years in market are reduced to twelve
and a half cents an acre. Therefore I move to
strike out the word " five," so as to cede lands
which have been in market' for thirty years.
Mr. POLK. I hope the Senator from Alabama
will take the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Ohio, to fix the time at twenty-five years.
I think the reasons given by the Senator from
Ohio show that twenty-five years is a better pe-
riod, and a more proper period, than thirty years,
at which to fix the cession of tiie lauds to the
States. I hope, therefore, the Senator from Ala-
bama will allow the amendment to be put that
the Senator from Ohio proposes, to fix the term
at twenty-five years.
Mr. CLAY. I confess that I prefer that amend-
ment; I have always advocated the twenty-five
years' provision. My only reason for suggesting
thirty was, that there is a reason why the lands
should lw"at that time ceded to the States which
I do not think any one will controvert; but I will
accept the proposed amendment. I think that
when lands have been twenty-five years in mar-
ket, and still remain unsold, it js time that the
Slates in which they lie should be manumitted;
that they should no longer stand in the relation
of wards to the Federal Government. I accept
the proposed amendment,and move to strike out
" thirty-five" and insert " twenty-five."
Mr.lPUGH. I wish to make one other sugges-
tion to the Senator from Alabama and to the Sena-
tor from Mississippi, for I think it will probably
apply to those two States more than to any others
that I know of. The first part of the bill now
fixes twenty-five cents for the operation of the
five years' residence provision. It will operate
disadvantageously on thpse States where lands
arc subject to sale, under the graduation act, at
twenty-five cents an acre, and they would prefer
a different system; and therefore the remainder of
the bill, as I thought, would make it operate on
the States and Territories nliko. J was in favor
of giving up the twenty-five cent lands to the
States in which they lie; and then the States could
dispose of them 111 any way they pleased, by
granting homesteads or otherwise. I think-that !
is the best limitation, and that Senators, on reflec- j
tion, will see that it is the best provision. |
Mr. FITCH. What becomes of the appeal of ]
the Senator from Ohio against any amendment ■
to the bill being adopted? If this be adopted, I j
think I must move a reconsideration of the vote 1
on the amendment of the Senator from Ohio.
That was correct in principle, but I voted against
it merely because of an appeal made to Senators
to vote againstany amendment. If this be adopted,
I think I shall move a reconsideration of that
vote.
Mr. POLK. I think the Senator from Indiana
does not do the Senator from Ohio justice. The
Senator from Ohio said that he preferred twenty-
five years; but he would not offer the amendment
himself, ftowever, when others have offered the
amendment, I think it is perfectly consistent and
proper in the Senator from Ohio to go for a change
from thirty-five to twenty-five years; and I do not
think there is any injustice in agreeing to the
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As I understand it, this
proposition is to cede the lands to the States after
they shall have been twenty-five years in market.
The lands at that period will have stood at fifty
cents an acre.
Mr. PUGH. Twenty-five cents.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They will be twenty-five
cents after the lapse of twenty-five years, I think;
but not before. If I am correct, then the lands
will never have reached the point of twenty-five
cents an acre until they are ceded to the States.
They will be held at fifty cents an acre for the
twenty-five years. That will be the lowest point
which they will have reached. Now, if we adopt
this amendment, we change the character of the
graduation act, and lands will never be subject to
entry at any lower price than fifty cents, because
it is not until they have been twenty-five years in
the market that they can be purchased at twenty-
five cents; and the moment they reach that point,
at the expiration of thirty-five years, this bill
provides that they shall be ceded to the- States.
This amendment, however, changes the gradua-
tion act; and I think we had better let the bill be
as it is in this respect.
I was quite willing that after the land3 had
reached the low price of twelve and a half cents
an acre, and when the time had arrived when the
proceeds from the sales of ihe public lands did
not pay the expenses of managing them, as indi-
cated by the Senator from Alabama, the Federal
Government should dispose of them by cession;
but that period will not have arrived while the
lands are held at fifty cents an acre. It involves
other considerations. I think it would be better
either to put it at thirty years—I believe after
lands have been in market thirty years they arc
reduced to twelve and a half cents an acre, as I
recollect the law—or to take the time fixed in the
bill—-thirty-five years. I think it might as well
remain at thirty-five years, and let the lands be
subject to sale at twelve and a half cents an acre,
for a reasonable peiiod. If, at the expiration of
thirty-five years, they are not taken, I am willing
to cede them to the States; but if you do it at the
end of twenty-five years, you cede them while
they may yet be of some value to the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
from Illinois has certainly presented the true point
in this case; and I will say that I had to resist this
proposition in committee out of deference to those
who wished the public lands to yield the largest
amount of revenue possible to the Treasury of the
United States, with a view to frame a bill that wo
should be able to pass, and to prevent it from get-
ting into any position which would so far embar-
rass it with those who want to act conscientiously
on the matter as to pievent its passage. The sug-
gestion made by the Senator from Alabama, in
the first place, that the word "five" should be
stricken out, and " thirty" stand, was debated at
very considerable length, and I acknowledge that
I agreed to it; hut thirty-five years was finally
fixed upon. 1 do not see any good reason why
thirty years should not have been yielded to, ex-
cept from a fear of going too far m this business.
1 so express myself now; and if the Senator from
Alabama would renew his proposition to fix the
time at thirty years, I do not believe it would
affect the bill injuriously in this body. If you cede
the hinds at the end of twenty-five years, it is un-
doubtedly the fact that you give away lands which
are yet yielding to the Government fifty cents an
acre up to that time, and you never allow them to
be subjected to the test of ascertaining whether
they can be sold at twenty-five cents an acre be-
fore ceding them. '
I really think it would be better not to adopt
the twenty-five year provision, although it must
be apparent to every one, that, so far as I can have
any feeling upon the question with reference to
the interest of my own State, twenty-five years
would suit me better, and five years would suit
me better, and to donate the land to the States at
once would suit me better than any. But yield-
ing reasonably and rationally to the extent of giv-
ing tliai which can just as well be granted to the
States, with profit or advantage to the United
States, thirty years is the period, I believe, at
which the cession may wisely be made. To fix
it at twenty-five years, I think, would probably
lose to the Treasury of the United States some
portions of the money to which many persons
consider it justly entitled. I cannot vote for any
movement to change or to alter the terms of this
bill, for I know well how maturely and labori-
ously it was considered by those who had it in
charge; but I do not see the objection to the first
proposition of the Senator from Alabama, which
is to fix twenty-five years as the period at which
the cession shall take place.
Mr. HAMMOND. 1 move that the Senate
adjourn. ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. WILKINSON. ' I ask for the yeas and
nays; ["Oh, no!"]
Mr. MASON. We had better have the yeas
and nays. I ask for them.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The Senate refused to adjourn; there being, on
a division—ayes 12, noes 36.
Mr. POLK. I think that the view of the Sen-
ator from Illinois is not exactly correct. This
bill, as I understand it, proceeds on the theory
that when the lands come down to twenty-five
cents an acre, they are down to what the exfiense
of them is to the Government. Now, I say that
the very moment they reach twenty-five cents an
acre, the Government will make nothing by sell-
ing them at that price; and that is the theory on
which the bill rests. Therefore it seems to me
that the proper period for the relinquishment of
the lands by the Government to the States is the
very moment at which the cost of their adminis-
tration is equal to the price at which they are
graduated by the law, which is when'they reach
twenty-five cents an acre. I think, therefore,that
the period which has been named in the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Alabama, on
the suggestion of the Senator from Ohio, is the
proper period. It has been said by the Senator
from Arkansas, that his State, and I may say that
my State, will be greatly benefited by having the
time lessened very much; and when wc come to
the period at which the Treasury of the United
States is not benefited by holding the land, I
think that every member of the Senate will con-
cede that it is proper it should be ceded to the
States. Why should the United States be a land-
holder in the several States, when, to hold the
lamls, it cannot be of any manner of benefitto the
United States?
Mr. BRAGG. I did not understand the Sena-
tor from Alabama to say that he had information
from the Department that when these lands reached
the price of twenty-five cents an acre they did not
more than pay the" expenses. I understood him
to say that the Department said, that after they
reached twelve and a half cents, then they did not
pay the expense; and it was upon that statement
before the committee that the committee agreed to
the provision which is now sought to be stricken
out, and it was provided further that they should
remain at that price for five years. That was a
stiH further conservative feature placed in the bill.
But I find now that gentlemen who have lands of
this kind in their States are anxious to strike out
this provision, and virtually to give to the States
the lands which have beenin market only twenty-
five years at fifty cents an acre; for, according to
the graduation bill which I have before me, after
twenty years, lands which have not been sold are
put into market at the price of fifty cents an acre,
and they remain in market for five years at that
price; and then they go to the next graduated price,
which is twenty-five cents.
As the Senator from Illinois properly states, as
soon as they reach that poini it is proposed to
give them to the States. They may be worth a
great deal more; the Government may not have
sold them; they have only been in market for five
years at fifty cents; and as soon as they reach the
point of twenty-five cents these gentlemen propose •
to take them to the States—at least those who are
in favor of this amendment. Unfortunately, m
my State, we have some of these lands; and it is
a great cause of complaint there that the public
lands of the country are all being given away, and
I protest, against this system from beginning to
end.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I hope the Sen-
ator will not include ma as oroposing that at all.
Mr. BRAGG. I do not i voted to sustain this
