2944
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 13.
was a gentleman whom I should be very glad to have him
aid in any way that he could, legitimately, of course: that
he was my very warm friend, who had contributed very
liberally towards the election of 3350, and that he had u
number of old-Hue Wing friends m Massachusetts who
were equallv liberal, some of them at least, and I thought
that such gentlemen ought to be patronized, of course.''
In other words, Mr. Plitt, a confidential friend
of the President, asks, in consideration of Swift's
influence—he being an old-line Whig, and a per-
son who could control many other old-line Whigs,
and who had contributed largely to the election
of Mr. Buchanan—that therefore these contracts
of live-oak were to be given him. He must be
patronized, of course. The first contract for live-
oak given out in 1857, was for one hundred and
fifty thousand feet, to be delivered at three differ-
ent navy-yards. Outstanding: contracts were af-
terwards canceled, so thaf Swift's whole contracts
for 1857 amounted to $239,960.
Now, I ask any gentleman who is accustomed
to sift testimony", whether there is not a connec-
tion established directly between this agrccmentof
Plitt arid Swift; Swift's contributions in 1856, and
these large contracts given to him in 3857? But
I am coming to the worst feature of this transac-
tion. In getting out these large contracts in 1857,
Swift had accumulated a largo amount of refuse
timber, which did not come up to the standard
required for the Navy, in respect to size, quality,
or otherwise. Then 1 assert—and the assertion
is borne out by the testimony—a regular combi-
nation was made between parties whom 1 shall
name hereafter, by which the Government, under
the pretense of a contract, was to take all this tim-
ber at a Luge price. The advertisements and all
the formulas for making a legal contract were
made exactly to suit this timber. Under the plan
and management of those confederates, which was
carried through, one hundred and fifty thousand
feet of refuse timber was taken from Swift, paid
for by the United States, and is now in the navy-
yards of the United States. It was at first pre-
tended that the timber was wanted immediately,
and the mode of purchase was attempted to be
accounted for in that way; but we called the naval
constructors of the diffeient navy-yards before us,
and they testified that it was not needed for im-
mediate use; that only a few thousand feet of
it had been used at all, which was done at Nor-
folk and Philadelphia; and that there they had a
sufficient supply on hand.
Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 wish to call your atten-
tion to the fact on which this whole controversy
turns. Mr. Lenthail, who is at the head of the
bureau of Construction and Repairs, drew up the
advertisements in the ordinaly form which iias
been followed for many years. The Government
usually allows two years for the delivery of live-
oak timber, from the fact that it can only be cut
in the winter on or near the Gulf coast, and that
only a small portion of the year can be occupied
in getting it out. Under instructions from the Sec-
retary, these advertisements were again drawn,
allowing six months, which, upon conference, Mr. \\
Lenthail found was the shortest time in which it, j!
could possibly be gotten out. Lenthail says it !l
might have been gotten out in six months by the |
use of exfraoidinary exertion. Not satisfied with ];
.that, however, the Secietary of the Navy directed j:
the advertisements to be changed, so as to require ^
one half to be d^ivered by the 1st of September, |,
or within thirty days of the time when the con- }|
tract was given out. There was not then in the ji
private yards in the United States one tenth the
supply which the Secretary of the Navy required ji
to be furnished within three months. In this way !'
ail competition was cut off, and nobody could bid ;!
for this timber except Swifi<£ Bigler. Now, sir, .
this fact was known to the Secretary of the Navy. 1,
Bijilei testifies that the design of this advertise- n
ment was to exclude competition, and to secure ;
the con11act for Swift, Bigler himself being; a part- ,;
ner of Swift, and interested in the contract. I ask ,i
myfi'iend from Indiana to read from Btgler's tes- ji
timony. j;
Mr. DUNN read, as follows: ji
"The Hecretan of the Naw knew, and the chief of the ji
bureau knew, that there \va< nobod\ eUe in all Amenn that i |
had the tnuluT and could put it in at bitch a time but Mr I
Swift and nivself. Time wa- not anv mjcJj umbei in the !.
United states that wa-> already got nut except our-. Tbeie ;•
\va- nnbodv dec in the busin-sh Lmu Mr. rtwtft and my-oif !l
who could lurnish it. The tit ctetury knew there wan no j,
other t.niber anvwheie else m the rnaiket." J,
Mr. SHERMAN. When this advertisement I!
was issued, the dealers in live-oak wanted to make
contracts, but they saw, by the peculiar terms of
the advertisement, that there was some mistake
about it. Other parties did send in bids, and much
lower than Swift's bid. The contracts were hung
up a long tunc upon these bids. Finally, as the
law was plain, the contracts were awarded to
those bidders. Swiftremaincd, however, in Wash-
ington, expressing his perfect confidence of getting
the contracts of the Secretary. He claimed that
it was due to him for services rendered, and that
he could, through certain influences, bring about
the annulling of these contracts. When the time
for delivering the live-oak expired—the time of
delivery being fixed at a time when it was impos-
sible to deliver it—the contract was canceled, and
the whole contracts, for one hundred and fifty
thousand feet, were handed over to Mr. Swift at
$1 30 per cubic foot.
Now, that Mr. Swift knew all about this, and
that the whole was a prearranged plan to evade
the law, under pretense of complying with it, is
shown by the testimony of Samuel P. Brown, an
intelligent lumber man, now a member of the
Legislature of Maine, which 1 will ask to be read.
The testimony was read, as follows:
'• T think about the middle of Juno, 1858, I had one con-
vocation with him, [Mi. Switt;] that wa^ alter the adver-
tisement was i^ued by the Dep.utment. 1 told him that
f was disappointed to ^eo this advem-ement come out: 1
knew that it wa< got out lot his benefit and that or Mr.
Bigler, and that the wav they were mana^im^ the thing
would not  i\c satisfaction. I ndvi=ed him, tor his own
reputation, to <ro to the Seeietaiy and induce him to with-
diriw tli.it adveito-ement, and let him piucha^e Ins timber,
it he wanted it for immediate n?e. lie to!d nic that ho had
been ti ving {■) induce the Secietary to do that - ame tiling,
bur the Secrctaiy told him that lie had no authonty to put-
chase tin-, tiinbe!. Ite had made up in, mind that he could
not do it w ithoui ad\ ei UMn^; hut tiie adv<M h4n:> ariaii'je-
mcnt was huch that nohody eonld olici lot it but him-ilf,
because ho had timber in the* jaids and he knew that no
othei mail couid fill the oficr, and it would only be uiiiinrj
to make any oiler. 1 stated to Mi. s*v\itt that I -.fnniJit
make an offer to take the eontuiet in eood faith, and then
should a-k the isecretaiy lot an extension of tune. Say:!
he, ' He will not giant if? { Welt, tin n,' said J, ' U t him
do that, and I will repoit.tho thing to Conjncr-s next win-
ter.'"
Mr. SHERMAN. So it appears that this ad-
vertisement was framed for the purpose of ex-
cluding competition. It was carefully made so as
to cover the very icfusc timber of Swift. It was
designed to allow nobody but Swift to bid; and
Swift knew it. He had a conversation with the
Secretary of the Navy; and in pursuance of it the
contracts already made with piaetical lumbermen
wete rejected, and awarded to Swift.
Theie were only two men who could furnish
any live-oak, and they were Swift & Bigler.
Bigler had thirty or forty thousand feet of live-
oak, and Swift & Bigler < ntcn.d into an arrange-
ment by which Swift was to make a bid, and Big-
ler another at a higher rate. When the contract
was awaided to Swift, he was to take Bigler's
live-oak. lhgler says he told the Secretary of the
Navy about it; that he told him it would make
no difference with him how he made the contract,
because Swift had agreed to take his timber.
Here was an advertisement so framed as exclude
competition; and then a set of men, with the
knowledge of the Secretary, combining together
to furnish the Government with this timber at
then own prices.
There is another thing to be noticed. Swift had
no live-oak at Punsacola, Florida, where he was
required to deliver twenty-five thousand feet. A
firm of practical lumbermen had taken the con-
tract to deliver that amount at Pensacola. They
failed to delnei it within the time, and the con-
tact was set aside; and after it was set aside,
Swift was allowed the same time to deliver it that
had been refused to the contractor. The contract
wax annulled after the contiactor had gone to Pen-
sacola, and had, at great trouble and cost there,
supplied all the timber needed for immediate use.
Yet the contract was taken from these men, m
their absence, and awarded to Swift, although lie
did not deliver a single foot of the umber within
the time prescribed; and it wa^ known to the Sec-
retary that he would not, and could not do so.
Now, I ask whether the House should pass this
thing over in silence? I ask whether there is any
impropriety in my now insisting that this House
should vote upon these resolutions ? If the House
rejects them, well and good. If they adopt them,
it may be a good example and prevent transac-
tions of this fund hereafter, by whomsoever done.
Gentlemen will see that, in the resolutions I have
offered, there arc no words of vituperation. They
are clothed in the mildest possible language that
could properly characterize the transactions. And
now I ask gentlemen upon the other side whether
they can say,upon their oath?, that this contract
with Swift was made in accordance with law,
when it was made in express violation of law?
I ask them if they can say this contract was just
and fair, when it is marked throughout with every
element of cunning and fraud?
I ask for the reading of the third resolution re-
ported by the gentleman from Virginia, [Mr. Bo-
cock.] And allow me to say here, before it is
read, that were I the Secretary of the Navy I
would rather far that the resolution reported by
the gentleman from Tennessee should be adopted
than the resolution reported by the gentleman
from Virginia. The Clerk will read the resolu-
tion.
The resolution was read, as follows:
"3. Resolved. That while we could never sanction or ap-
prove any arrangement on the pai t ot an officer of the Gov-
ernment winch, undei prefiisfi ot making eontiacts lor
supplies, wa-_- designed to confer especial and evdtisjve
favor on individuals, yet, in the eontiact entered into in
September, 1S5S, between tiie Navy Department and W.
<J. W. Swnt, for the supply of live oak to r-aid Department,
it is clearly pioved by tne testimony that it the Secretaiy
of the Navy did contemplate any favor to said Swat, he did
not design to bestow it to the deuimentof the Government,
but that in all ho d.d mthis matter he kept always in view
the good of the public and the intciests of the seivice."
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, I ask whether that is
the way in which the House of Representatives
should deal with a subordinate officer of the Gov-
ernment? The purport of the resolution is, that
while we would not allow an officer to violate the
law, and would not encourage him in giving out
contracts forpaity services, yet we must say that
Secretary Toucey, while iie did it, always looked
outforthe intciests of the Government; that while
he did it, he did not allow them to put their hands
too deep into the Treasury; that while he did it,
lu saw to it thatthccontraciordid not get too large
a grab of the public money. Such is the plain mean-
ing of the resolution. Itshows that the effect of
the investigation upon the mind of the gentleman
from Viigmia was, as I think it would be upon
evcryjust mind, to shock his moral .sense. His
resolution is a negative picgnant, meaning nothing
by omitting three or four woids, or meaning
everything by inscitmg them. The law-is plainly
written upon the statute-book, and it lequued the
Secietary to give the contract to the low< st bid-
der. It icquned him to invite competition, and
not to suppress it. I never would \ote for such
aiesolution as that, because it shows upon its
face that itis an endeavor, by ingenious language,
to cover up this matter, and to avoid a direct vote
upon the facts.
Now I ask for the reading of the third resolu-
tion.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the distubimon by the Heeretary of the
Navy ot the pationajje in thenavj-jaul anions merabcis
of Congress was destructive of d'-ciplau\ corrupting in ils
influence, and lughiy mjunous to the public service.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not waste the time
of the House upon the consideration of this res-
olution. Two or three members; of Congress—
Messrs. Jomi Cochrane, Sicki.es, and Horace
F. Clark—testily almost vcibalim to the truth of
this resolution. They testify to the auangement
made with the Sccretaiy of the Na\y, that the
puti unage of the navy-yaid in Brooklyn should be
divided between live or six membrns of Congress.
Each of them had a master woikman to look after
his interests. If you will read the testimony of those
gentlrnn-n, no man can avoid a direct affiimative
vote upon this resolution. The natural result of
tins system was to break up all discipline and
efficiency u\ the yard. Master woiUnion with
gold watches and expensive presents, as they were
called, upon their persons, wrung from the poorly-
paid labor of common workmen, testified before
us to petty thefts and abuses. These gratuities did
not affect their selection by these master workmen !
Oh, no! The navy-yaid became the receptaelo
of men unfit for other labor, governed by  master
workmen who acted as th- agents of members
of Congress;, and then, in their turn, were over-
run by constant demands for employment in the
navy-yard, as a reward of party sen ices. The
letters of these members, published in the report
and testimony, show that even the Secretary of
