1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
37
and if this matter is of such vast importance to the
welfare of the country, why is it that he, one of
the most influential and able members of that
party, has here slept as a sentinel on iflfe post for
five years and allowed the matter to go uninquired
into ? All these things tend to show that it is de-
signed for party purpose and to blunt the edge of
a patriotic investigation. I charge not gentlemen
upon the other side with anything that is sinister.
Iliave heard many of them with manly and bold
strain take their ground and clear themselves from
any suspicion of complicity or feeling of sym-
pathy in an outrage of this kind. I hope the
amendment will not be voted for, even by those
gentlemen who oceupy the other side of the
Chamber.
Mr. President, much has been said upon sym-
pathy. I have 110 right to speak forvirginia.
She can speak tenfol'd more ably for herself; but
the honored State whose commission I bear has
her future wrapped up in the interests and destiny
of that ancient and noble Commonwealth. By
her wo will stand, and with her, if it so be de-
creed, we will fall; and as our views and our in-
terests are identical, I may be permitted to say
that the feeling of the people of South Carolina
asks for no sympathy. Sympathy, Mr. Presi-
dent! The sympathy of fraternal love, the sym-
pathy of friendship; nay, sir, the sympathy
Which comes from disinterested persons is a cor-
dial; it is an emollient balm that will soothe the
irritated feelings or assuage the burning of the
wound; but sympathy which has to be asked—
sympathy which comes from a man who has ap-
plied the train to fire your dwelling, and who has
supplied the dagger which is to quench in the
blood of your own family the flames which he has
kindled—it is, Mr. President, a refined species of
raillery, a miserable mockery of a noble senti-
ment, which X cannot appreciate. When you
speak of the sympathy of the people of the
North, it is for them to tender, not for us to ask;
we seek it not. We stand upon our own rights.
We ask nothing from gentlemen, we ask nothing
from the associated States, nothing from Con-
gress, save that which is our right. Justice,
simple, unmixed, full justice, is all that we ex-
pect, all that wo hope for, all that we ask.
Now, Mr. President, I have been struck by the
inquiries which have been made by several Sena-
tors who have addressed this body. They have
left tlie consideration of the question proposed on
both sides of the Chamber, and have indulged
themselves in remarks on matters wholly irrele-
vant to it. I shall not consider the book of Mr.
Helper, or the indorsers of Mr. Helper. They
belong not to us. What have we to do with the
publications of incendiary parties? What have
we to do with those who choose to praise persons
of their own political party, however covered
with what gentlemen please to style infamy?
What have we to do with them in the Senate
Chamber of the United States? Nothing. I shall
pass them by.
But, Mr. President, the Senator from Wiscon-
sin, who spoke ably and with deep interest, and
who always speaks with a degree of earnestness
which attracts my attention, has asked what has
produced all this trouble ? and lie wants to know
what the people of the South mean ? I think I
can show him what has produced all this trouble.
He seems to suppose that it is a conflict of arms
in a distant Territory. No, sir, no; it is the mis-
erable, intermeddling, nefarious spirit of many of
the people of our associate States with matter
which concerns them not.- They grant to us,
they say, the full right of the enjoyment of the
peculiar institutions which we see fit to adoj>tand
uphold; but day and night, year after year, we
are assailed everywhere, and by all the means
which human ingenuity can adopt. They give
us no rest. We are entitled, at least, to an ex-
emption from these eternal disquietudes from our
associate States. Because, in a common territory
belonging to us all alike and in common, we
choose to consider that we have a right to hold
our property, and they there denounce and meet
us with the bayonet, forsooth, because we assert
our rights, and nothing more than our rights,
under the Constitution, we are held as trespassers;
we are held as agitators. Why, sir, it would be
almost ludicrous if the subject were not so serious,
to look at the manner in which we are treated.
They tlyow firebrands among us; they constantly
and without remission taunt, abuse-, irritate, dis-
turb the people of the southern States; and when
we turn round with the simplicity of impatience
only, and say to them, " gentlemen* hands off,it
is not your business, it is ours," they say that
we throw firebrands among them, Now, sir, I
challenge the instance—when has a slaveholding
State, or the member thereof even, sought to in-
jure any portion of the people of the northern
States in their own affairs ? When did we ever
undertake to subvert any of your institutions?
Where do you find us crusading agaifist you and
villifying with a vituperation which is becoming
the very billingsgate and the source of billings-
gate itself. Where do you findjus engaged in such
a warfare on you? Nowhere! nowliere! We
expect from you abstinence from interference with
our affairs; deal with your own as you please.
There is the source of trouble. You say it is
slavery. It is slavery, but who makes it the trou-
ble? Who carries the war into his neighbor's
border? Who agitates the subject of slavery
offensively to you ? Nobodjj. We do not seek
to fasten it upon you; you seek to deprive us of
it; you seek to shut us out from thd common
domain; and, because we assert our rights, which,
I trust in heaven, will ever be asserted, even at
the risk of the dismemberment of this great, mag-
nificent Republic, you accuse us of agitation.
Gentlemen, the responsibility is with you, not
with us.
Gentlemen say that if anything can be shown
in theiV doctrines or principles which naturally
tends to a culmination in the acts which we have re-
cently seen, they are liable and-ough'Uo be repudi-
ated. I beg the attention of Senators to-avhat I shall
read. I shall not indulge in any remarks, either
harsh or unbecoming, because the Senator from
whose speech I mean to quote is not in his seat. It
would ill become me to say ought that would -be
unpleasant to him even if ho wore in 'his scat; but
he is absent. I shall, therefore, simply read what
he has said, and draw my conclusions from it. I
quote from a speech of Mr. Seward* the Senator
from New York, and I suppose that the distin-
guished gentleman may be considered pa leader
who embodies the sentiment and feeling; and surely
it is not to their disparagement to say1 "no.little of
the talent, of that powerful party. In a speech de-
livered by him in the Senate Chamber, on the 3d
of March, 1858, this language was held:
" Free labor lias at last apprehended its rights, its intei-
csts, its power, and its destiny, and is organizing itself to
assume the government of the Republic. It wili hence-
forthmeet you boldly and resolutely here; it will meet jou
everywhere, m the Territories or out of them, whetever
j ou may go to extend slavery. It has driven you hack in
California and in Kansas; itv.ill invade you soon"—
Mark the laj^uage; " it will invade you soon"
—"in Delaware,Maryland, Virginia.Missouri.and Texas.
It will mectyou in Auzona, in Cential America^ and even
in Cuba. The invasion will be not merely harmless, hut
beneficent, if you yield seasonably to its just and moderated
demands."
What a wonderful similarity of sentiment and
purpose with something that we have- recently
heard disclosed! Now, gentlemen, I wish not to
be misunderstood. I know that the'Senator here
has in his mind—his language is susceptible of
that interpretation, properly no doubt—the idea
of a moral invasion, the influence of a moral sen-
timent, an intellectual contest it may be; hut mark
the language and see the result of the teaching.
He goes on:
- It proved so in New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania,
and the other slave States, which have already vielded in
that way to its advances. You may, indeed, get a start
under or near the tropies, and seem safe foi a time, but it
will be only a short time. Even tlicie you will found Slates
only for,free labor to maintain and occupy. The interest
of the white races demands the ultimate emancipation of
all men. Whether that consummation shall be allowed to
take effect, with needful and wise precautions against
sudden change and disaster, or be hurried on by violence,
is alt that remains for you to decide."
Yes, gentlemen of the South, you have an
institution obnoxious to the philosophical, senti-
mental humanitarianism of the day; you must
give it up; if you do so at our request, all will be
well and easy with you; but such is the urgency
of these motives upon us that if you do not give
up your property, yield your power, surrender
your independence, permit yourselves to be
dwarfed in the Confederacy, by the destruction
of all that makes you a people, we will do it by-
violence! Most magnanimous, gracious, and
merciful paster, we thaqjc you for the privilege
of choice. There is the conflict foreshadowed in
March 1858—more thap' eighteen months ago—
close proximity of time with the exhibitions of
certain recent manifestoes—language and purpose
mistaken by the crude minds of those who em-
ploy physical force instead of intellectual power.
You see, gentlemen, the tendency. You asked for
an indication of principles in your creed, in what
you have said and done. I have presumed to
show it. There it stands. If you value the Union
as you say you do, it is for you to preserve it.
The South cannot preserve the Union. It does
not behoove her in her present condition; but she
cannot if she would. It is for you, it becomes
your interests, your concern, your power in the
future. If the Union be so dear to you it is for
you to preserve it, and not for the South. You
have the power; she has not. She stands still
and endeavors to defend herself.
The honorable Senator who last spoke, asked
what meant these recent ebullitions. Sir, they
mean this: they mean that the heart of the south-
ern people has been stirred to the bottom; they
mean that they have seen impending danger and
destruction; they mean that they have borne it as
long as it is.a virtue to bear, and they mean that
they will not forfeit the character of freemen. I
tell the honorable Senator that he may mistake
that feeling. Do you suppose it is possible that
nearly half the States of the Union, your co-States,
States associated with you, shall be compelled to
bear all the burdens of a foreign condition; that
while we are linked together as if fraternally we
must keep standing armies on our borders, be con-
tinually harassed, irritated, disturbed, stirred to
madness, and that we shall continue to bear all
these burdens of a foreign attitude, and take none
of the compensating good. The thing must stop.
The Constitution was wisely conceivcd, skillfully,
admirably constructed, adequate to all the pur-
poses for which it was intended; but our present
condition of affairs throw wide open all the por-
tals for 'our invasion and destruction. It is for
you to shut'them, or with the help of heaven we
must shut them ourselves. Call it treason, gen-
tlemen, and make the best of it; but I tell you that
unless these things cease, much as we have adored
the Union, much as we have sacrificed for its
maintenance, much as we arc willing yet to con-
tribute to uphold it that it may scattcr its blessings
to unborn millions, it becomes our honor and our
existence to maintain ourselves. We cannot per-
mit the Union to be a mere badge of servitude.
We cannot permit it eternally to be upon us as
an incubus, crushing out our very life. Regard
it, gentlemen, as it is; your minds cannot come
to a different conclusion. I have too much re-
spect for the courage of the North to suppose that
they would tolerate such a condition of things
if it were reversed. They would not; and yet
you presume to denounce it as treason, because
we say that in a condition of things which we
cannot tolerate, we will sunder the Union, pull it
to pieces, column, base, and tower, before we will
submit to be crushed by a Government which is
our own as well as yours: to which we contribute
as well as you; and which we will defend with
our life's blood as well as you, as long as it shall
be a Government securing to us, as to you, equal-
ity, life, and liberty.
Mr. President, 1 did not design to go so far;
but I felt that some of these remarks were due to
the inquiries which were made by the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin. What I have said, I
believe. My purpose was to ask the Senator
from Illinois wnether his amendment was not a
mere matter of party tactics, and whether he
would not withdraw it, so that we might be per-
mitted to come fairly and squarely, without em-
barrassment, without blunting the edge of this
inquiry, to a consideration of the true question
which is before us.
Mr. KING. Mr. President, I rise with some
reluctance; but, in the absence of my colleague,
I desire to ask the Senator from South Carolina
if he designs to impute—and I will say frankly
that I did not understand him to impute—any
purpose on the part of my colleague, wlio is ab-
sent, to employ force or violence to promote any
principles or measures which ho sustains?
Mr. CHESNUT. I have already stated, Mr.
President, that I should indulge in no language
which would be even unpleasant to the Senator,
because he is absent, and I would confine myself
