THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth'Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1860.
New Series No. 185.
the Navy and a commodore of the Navy were
called upon to settle disputes as to. whether this
member or that member controlled the largest
number of petty appointments.
There were a number of these letters, showing
that members of Congress, in order to get their
fair share of patronage, were compelled by their
constituents to go begging and threatening these
master workmen; and every one of these gentle-
men who came before the committee stated, with
a frankness for which I give them credit, that the
system was destructive of all discipline in the
navy-yards; and some of them said that it would
be far better to dispense with navy-yards alto-
gether rather than that system should be con-
tinued. The report furnishes an ample detail -of
the grossest abuses; and, in the face of them, I
ask if any member of the House can vote against
this third resolution?
I ask the Clerk to read the fourth resolution.
It was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President and Secretary of the Navy,
by receiving and considering the patty relations of bidders
fur eontmot-5 with the United States, nnd the cfl'eet of
awaiding contracts upon pending elections, have set an
example dangeious to the public taiety and deserving the
repioof or' this House.
Mr. SHERMAN. Sir, I would not make the
charge contained in this resolution without con-
clusive proof; but the disclosures made in this in-
vestigation, and especially the letters produced,
leave no room for doubt. The most open appeals
were made to the President and the Secretary to
award large contracts to control pending elections
for party services; and this by high officers of the
Government, as well as the contractors them-
selves. The brief time allowed me will only allow
me to cite one or two out of numerous letters and
personal appeals.
William Noriis made a bid to construct the
machinery of a vessel for $126,000, and fortified
his application by tins letter to the Secretary. I
will thank my friend from Indiana [Mr. Dunn]
to read it.
It was read, as follows:
" On the pcorc of politics, which I have never mentioned
before, I have greater claims upon the Government than
my contp.Hitous. Out shop, at Bush Hill, Philadelphia,
was the litst institution m Hits countty that iait>ed the ban-
ner of Jluehanan and Bieclcimidge. The day alter the
nomination we laised the nandaul, with full-iengih poi-
traits of the President and Vice President; and at the elec-
tion our shop lurmshed .seven bundled and sixty-four votes
for them. Notwithstanding the picsent monetary depres-
sion, we gave thiee bundled and twelve votes for the Ad-
nnnisiiution at the last election. We have supported the
S>ai ty witii material aid by thousands of dollars, and worked
mid", as any ol the party m Philadelphia will testify."
Mr. FLORENCE. Did he got the contract?
Mr.SHERMAN. No,sir; he did not. Now,
I will read the letter of the man who did get the
contract. Norris's competitors were Ready,Neafie
& Co. Among the letters sent on behalf of Nor-
ns, was one from the collector of the port of Phil-
adelphia, Mr. Baker. To counteract these let-
ters, Ready & Co. relied on the active exertions
of Mr. Witte, a Democratic ex-member of Con-
gress, who was to receive five per cent, on the
contract, and who came here and managed the
thing personally. The testimony, in his case,
shows very clearly the functions of " a lobby
agent." Among the letters sent on behalf of
Ready &. Neafie was this one:
A tew weeks since I was requested by Mr. William
Nonw to state in a letter to you my knowledge of the po-
litical chaiacter of the locomotive establishment ofMessis.
Jl. Nonis & Son of Philadelphia, which I did; but I did
not intend to convey the impression (us 1 learn has been
the case) that the marine engine works of Messrs. Ready,
Noatic & Co. were not of the same political creed, whom'
I know by leputation, and it is pioper to say; is of the
highest chmneter."
Now, Mr. Speaker, this letter of the collector,
ceitifying to the political qualities of Ready, Nea-
fie & Co., and the active agency of Witte, were
on one side, and a whole series of political letters
on the other. How far they influenced the award-
ing of the contract, we have not pretended to say.
I only say that the fact of these letters being re-
ceived and considered and filed in the Department
as proper recommendations is a grave offense.
185
We cannot say how far they influenced the con-
duct of the Secretary of the Navy, because we
cannot judge the heart of any man; but we do
say that the very consideration of such letters as
these is highly injurious to the public service and
offensive to the moral sense of the country; and
we know, further, that while the bid of'Norris
was |126,000, that of Ready, Neafie & Co. was
$139,000, and that the latter was successful.
Now, the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Bo-
cock] has referred to a letter indorsed by the
President." It is true the Piesident of the United
States cannot prevent his friends from writing
party letters. If this letter had simply been re-
ceived by the President, and nothing said about
it, we never would havo brought it here in judg-
ment against him. But after he received that let-
ter—one of the most corrupting letters ever sent,
suggesting the most corrupting ideas ever sub-
mitted to a high officer of the Government—he
indorsed the letter. Let me read it:
Pmi.ADFLrniA, September 13, 185R.
Dear Sin : I ventuic to suggest to you the importance of
awaidmg the eontiacts lor the maehmeiy of the j-loop now
building at the navy-yaid at tlm- time,and it it can be done
without piejndiec to the public set vice, to Memck & Hon.-*.
Theirs is the only establishment in the fiist distuet which
employs a large numbei ot mechanics ; at this tune, thiee
hundted and ninety; when in lull lorce, lour handled and
liity.
The managing partners (Mr.M.,sr., being absent, in bail
health) arc tall ol energy, straining every nerve to keep
then lorce during this depiction, and, m t-o farns 1 know,
the only old Whigs of any influence m that dixtiict who
are m favor of the reelection ot Colonel Flokpnck.
1 know, ftom louwer experience, the value of that influ-
ence, and leel persuaded that it i.^ the inteieU ol the Dem-
ocratic patty to mciea^e it.
The first di&tuet will, I hope, be earned in any event,
hut with that .shop at wmk, full-hand* d, two weeks pttor
to the oleetion, the ie*,nlt would, I think, be placed be-
vond all doubt.
With much rcspect, W. O. PATTERSON.
The President.
Now, Mi. Speaker, here is the proposition sub-
mitted to the President of the United States in
regard to a doubtful district 
Mr. FLORENCE. Not at all doubtful. It
was never doubtful.
Mr. SHERMAN. A doubtful district, in which
the gentleman [Mr* Florence] cametery nearly
being beaten.
Mr. FLORENCE. But not from any influ-
ence of this kind.
Mr. SH ERMAN. While an election was pend-
ing for a Representative to tins House, a gentle-
man in high position in Philadelphia writes a let-
ter to the President of the United States suggest-
ing that, to secure the election of a political friend
of the President, it would go a good way to give
a contract for over one hundred thousand dollars
to certain old-line Whigs, so that this work might
be m full operation on the day of election. And
how is this suggestion received? Suppose, sir,
that you, exercising the high position of Speaker
of this House, should be told that if you wore to
pass one of the numerous unjust demands upon
your table it would enable a certain man to be re-
elected to Congress. Suppose a corrupt propo-
sition of that kind should be made to you, sir.
Suppose you should say to a judge upon the
bench: " decide tins way, and your party and
my party will be benefited by that decision."
That is precisely the proposition, because these
contracts were required by law to be given to the
lowest bidder. Here, then, was a suggestion
made to the. President of the United States, and
what did lie do with it' Did he reject it? I ask
you what old Andrew Jackson would have done?
what George Washington would have done'1
Who would connect the names of those men with
such transactions as this ? And yet the President
of the United States, in Ins own handwriting, de-
liberately indorsed that letter two days after its
date, as follows:
September lo, 18.'8.
The inclosed letter from Colonel Patteison. ot Philadel-
phia, is hubmitted to the attention of the Secietary of the
Navy. J. B.
That is the only case in which a letter was thus
carefully indorsed. Letters were sent to the Pres-
ident and found their way into the Navy Depart-
ment; but this was the only letter that received
the personal indorsement and sanction of the Pres-
ident. Now, do you pretend to say that the Pres-
identjmd not read the letter? When I first saw
that indorsement, I thought it rnus! have been
done by some clerk, or some one connected with
the office; but we sent for the original document,
and it proved to be in the handwriting of the Pres-
ident. Now, what is the effect of that? Hero
was a corrupt proposition made to the President
of the United States. He submits it to a high
officer of the Government, who has the duty of
awarding contracts in pursuance of law. The
law required these contracts to be awarded to the
lowest uiddcr without regard to political influence
or any other considerations. I do not know
whether this contract was given under political
influences or not-; but mark you, the contract was
given to a higher bidder than the Novelty Iron
Works, of New York, admitted to be among the
best, if not the best, maune engine builders in the
woild. Now, I ask whether this thing ought not
to be condemned by this House? I will not go
over the various letters which have been produced
in testimony to show that this thing was com-
mon, and extended down to the lowest patronage
m the navy-yatds. I will now ask my fellow-
members to read the fourth resolution again; and
I appeal to every candid and fair-minded man if
he can vote against that resolution with this rec-
ord before him.
I now ask for the reading of the fifth resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the appointment, by the Secretary of the
Navy, of Daniel (J. Martin, chief engineer, as a member of
a borud of engineers to repott upon proposals for conflict-
ing mathmciy for the United States, the said Martin at the
rime being pecuniarily interested in .some of said piopo-
Md«, is heieby censmed by this House.
Mr. SHERMAN. The gentleman from Vir-
ginia said that the letter of the President, and
these various political letters, could not possibly
have influenced this award, because it was made
by engineers in the employment of the United
States; men who were independent of the Presi-
dent, although they held their offices substan-
tially at his pleasure. Bear it in mind, that one
of these engineers was himself interested in every
award that was made; lie had a patent for a boiler;
and whenever a proposal for a contract was made,
j and the specifications did not include his patent
boiler, worth to him $1,000, it was invariably
rejected; and yet no notice waa given to the pub-
he that this would be required, or all these men
might have included it.
Mr. BOCOCIC. The gentleman is mistaken on
a point of fact. Mr. Martin himself recommended
one of the.se contracts that did not include his
patent. The first of the Norfolk cases did not
include if, and he recommended that.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 may be wrong in that. In
regard to one of the sloops, the contract was not
awarded until some weeks afterwards; and in the
second bids, which were notsubmitted to Martin,
Martin's boiler was not included. But, at any
rufe, even according to the admission of the gen-
tleman from Virginia, seven out of eight of the
awards contained substantially a bid, a bribe, or
an inducement—I do not care what you call it; 1
do not want to use offensive terms—to the amount
of $1,000 to Martin to give the contracts to men
wiio had included his patcntas part of their speci-
fications. And yet ho was continued in employ-
ment. Whether he is now in the service of the
United Slates I do not know; but I ask you
whether this does not need a rebuke; whether our
hands are to be tied, while the moneyappropriated
by us is thus perverted from Us true purpose, by
constitutional scruples, or constitutional quibbles,
or technical points? Nor can the Secretary evade
the impropriety of this matter, as he was directly
informed of the interest of Martin. Martin him-
self distinctly testifies that before he was appointed
a member of the board he informed the Secretary
of lus interest in a patent boiler, but was still
appointed.
I have now called your attention to some of the
leading facts in this case. I suppose that this
