38
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
I move that the Senate do now
I hope not, sir. I trust we
merely to the record. I stated, when I read the
extrapt from the speech of the distinguished Sen-
ator, from New York, that he argued as if for a
moral purpose; "that he intended, fay his speech,
the operation of mind upon the country—that if
bore that interpretation, and had that drift; but I
said, further,-that to the rude and unlettered intel-
lect's of the country, the language employed was
such,,in my opinion, as would have, and has had,
its effect in stimulating much of the violence we
have seen in the country.
Mr. KING. Argument as to inference is al-
ways proper and legitimate. I simply rose that
there might be an explicit understanding, lest, as
the colleague of the Senator alluded to, I might
be supposed to have sat silent under what might
be an imputation on him. It is.well known that
lie pursues his purposes and his principles and
his measures by constitutional and peaceful
means.
Mr. WILSON.
adjourn.
Mr. MASON.
shall take the vote.
The motion was not agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
tiio amendment of the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. PUGH. I appeal to the Senator from
Illinois to withdraw his amendment. He sees
that it is offensive to the gentlemen representing
the slaveholding States; and I think it would bo
a generous thing and an honorable thing for the
Senators from the non-slaveholding States not to
press that inquiry. It seems to mc that this is
an appeal wluch may properly be made to the
Senator's own generosity.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, after what
has been said, particularly by the Senator who
last addressed the Senate 111 regard to the appre-
hension that something may be drawn out m the
course of this investigation which may fasten the
insurrection at Harper's Ferry upon -the Re-
publican party, and it appearing also by the
Statements of the Senators from Virginia that the
objects of this resolution are to ascertain the
public sentiments of the North, I am a little aston-
ished that any person can ask me to withdraw an
amendment which will lead also to ascertaining
what the sentiment, of the South may be.
I have been appealed to to state why this amend-
ment was offered. I will tell you, sir, and it will
be but a repetition of what I stated yesterday. I
believe, as sincerely as does the Senator from
South Carolina, that the outbreak at. Haipcr's
Ferry has arisen not from the teachings and the
acts of the Republican party as he supposes, or
any of its leaders, or anybody in its ranks, but
from the teachings of the party with which he
himself is associated. The Democratic party, by
upholding and never rebuking the saclcin"-of the
iU'senal in Missouri, by rewaiding with office the
"men who did it, by sending the Federal troops,
they having control of the Government at the
time, into Kansas to hold in confinement men in-
dicted upon trumped-up charges of treason, set
an example to the country winch engendered the
spirit that maddened Brown. I need not and will
not go over the history of that transaction which
the Senator from Wisconsin has just detailed. I
offered the amendment in good faith as being perti-
nent to the original resolution, as properly con-
nected with it, as relating to a similar transac-
tion.
But it is asked why I did not call for this in-
vestigation in regard to the matter five years ago.
Well, to begin with, the occurrence was only four
years ago. But of what use would it have been
for me to have moved m the Senate for a commit-
tee of investigation? Does the Senator from
South Carolina suppose that the Senate or the
country has forgotten how everything relating to
Kansas was managed here> A proposition offered
in the Senate of the United States to inquire into
these matters would have been scouted at the tunc.
I recollect that I offered several propositions in
order to remedy the difficulties in Kansas, notone
of which received the sanction of the Senate. I
proposed to repeal the laws abridging the fieedom
of speech in Kansas—laws enacted there which
subjected a man to imprisonment for years who
should venture to say that slavery did not exist
in that Territory. All my propositions were voted
down.
There was a condition of things then existing
that would have made any effort in this body to
raise a committee of this kind perfectly useless.
Now, however, a different feeling prevails in, the
country. Another arsenal has been taken pos-
session of. There is a difference between the
two cases. . I do not understand that the arms of
the Government at Harper's Ferry were appro-
priated to the use of the insurgents, but in Mis-
souri the public arms were carried away, and have
never been entirely returned, though some one
stated yesterday that they had been. Portions
of them have been returned, and the officer in
command was directed to supply other portions
by purchase, which lie has done; but many of
them have never been returned so far as appears
by the documents that I have been enabled to lay
my hands on, and it is to ascertain the f<i*ts in
regard to that matter, that I liaye offered this
proposition as an amendment to the original
resolution.
I think that the two things properly go together,
and that one should be inquired into as much as
the other. I think* that as great an outrage was
committed four years ago 111 taking possession of
the arsenal at Liberty as was committed a month
or two ago in taking possession of the armory at
Harper's Ferry. I apprehend that where hundreds
of dollars worth of property Verc destroyed at
Harper's Ferry, thousands were destroyed in
consequcnce of the taking possession of the arse-
nal at Liberty. I apprehend that where one life
was lost in consequence of the acts at Harper's
Ferry, many lives were lost in consequence of the
taking possession of the arsenal at Liberty and
the events that followed it. Sir, it was with the
arms which were supplied from that arsenal that
Lawrence was besieged. The army that encamped
at Wakarusa,was armed with weapons from the
"United States arsenal, to what extent, I am una-
ble to say. I should like to see the official report
that was made to the War Department at the time
this transaction occurred. I recollect that we
passed resolutions calling upon the President, or
upon the proper Department, and probably upon
both, for all the papers and correspondence in re-
gard to these matters, but I have 110 recollection
of having ever seen the official report of the com-
manding officer at Liberty at the time the arsenal
was taken possession of by this Missouri mob.
Now, sir, as I am up, I will reply to some of
the statements of the Senator from South Caro-
lina. He says that he claims only that which is
the right of the South—the right to take slaves to
the common Territories of the United States. Sir,
they have 110 such right. We do not deny the
equality of the States which hold slaves. I am as
much for maintaining the equality of the States of
the Union as the Senator irom South Carolina;
but what 011 earth has the introduction of slavery
into a Territory to do witli the rights of any State,
North or South; Has any State, as a State, a
right to lake a slave into a Territory? The Sen-
ator will not pretend that. Then why talk about
State rights? The most that can be claimed is,
that individuals residing in different States of the
Union may take their property, if it happens to
be in slaves, into the Territories. Well, that is
not a State right; it is an individual right, if it
exists at all. We do not propose to impose on the
Senator from South Carolina, or any of his con-
stituents, an inequality m that respect. If he can-
not take a slave into the Territory of Kansas,
neither can 1. If the citizens of South Carolina
cannot take slavery there, neither can the citizens
of Illinois. The rights of each State are precisely
the same.
Now, it is sai4 you are going to dissolve the
Union, and break up the Confederacy, because,
as you charge, the northern people are assailants
and aggressors 011 your rights. Is the whole his-
tory of this country forgotten? How is it that
the moment this Government was formed, one of
the first acts of the men who made it was to pro-
vide that slavery should not go into the Territories
belonging to the United Sfates. Is it possible
that the men who made this Government woukf,
iu the first Congress that met under it, pass a law
I so un|ust to a portion of the States of the.Union
' as to justify their breaking up the Government ?
flow was it that South Carolina herself agreed to
exclude slavery from the State, then Territory,
which I have the honor, in part, to represent.
Sir, we lived under this policy; the great North-
west was settled under this policy of excluding
slavery from the Territories of the United States;
and how is it that neither South Carolina nor Vir-
ginia found out that they were not treated as equals
in this Confederacy ? Why, sir, at so late a period
as 1848, when a southern man was President of
the United States, Congress, by direct act, ex-
cluded slavery from Oregon. Now, can it be that
the: e is any such tiling as inequality or injustice
to any State of this Union in the exclusion of
slavery from a Territory? Will the Senator from
South Carolina do his ancestors the injustice to
believe that they submitted to the degradation and
dishonor, as he now calls it, of being excluded
from the common Territories of the country? Sir,
they submitted to it, not as a degradation, not as
a dishonor, but they submitted to it as a people
who framed this Government for wise purposes,
and to accomplish great ends. The founders of
our Government were men who, in their day,
believed the institution of slavery to be an evil m
the country. They found it here. They did not
see the means of getting rid of it immediately
They would not abolish it at once. They con-
ferred upon the Federal Government no power to
interfere with it in the States which formed the
Federal Government; but they gave power to this
Federal Government to prevent its extension.
They took steps immediately after the Govern-
ment was organized to prevent slavery from going
into any portion of the country -where it did not
exist. I know, sir, that slavery went into Ten-
nessee, and into Mississippi, and into Alabama,
and into Kentucky; but it went there 111 defiance
of the Federal Government. The territories com-
posing those States were ceded to the United
States on condition that the United States should
not exclude slavery from them; but the territory
northwest of the river Ohio was ccded without
any such condition, and Congress immediately
excluded slavery, with tile acquiescence of the
South—yea, sir, the South itself moving in the
matter; and vourown great man, the great states-
man of America, himself is the author of the pro-
vision which excluded slavery from tiie North-
western Territory.
Mr. GWIN. If the Senator will give way, I
will move an adjournment. We cannot get the
vote to-night. [Oh, yes.]
Mr. TRUMBULL. I give way.
Mr. GWIN. I hope the Senate will adjourn.
Several gentlemen on this side want to speak. I
make the motion to adjourn.
Mr. DAVIS. I hope the Senate will not ad-
journ until, at least, I have a chance to ask the
Senator from Illinois a question; and I should like
i to do it now.
| Mr. GWIN. Certainly; I withdraw the motion,
i Mr. DAVIS. I should like to ask the Senator
\ from Illinois now, what was the character of the
, resolution that asked for information, which he
says he could not get in relation to the seizure of
the Liberty arsenal.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A general resolution passed
the Senate calling upon the President or the De-
1 partment—I have not the resolution before mc—
j to furnish the Senate with all the information in
I regard to Kansas matters. The language of the
resolution I cannot give.
Mr. DAVIS. It is unfortunate—the Senator
must perceive it is unfortunate—that he asserted
yesterday, and reiterates to-day, a charge with-
, out knowing upon what he founds it.
| Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am not
l unfortunate. I made the statement yesterday that
I I had never been able to find the communication
I from Captain Leonard to the Department in regard
to the seizure of the arsenal at Liberty. I have
looked for it. I know that a resolution did pass
this body calling for all the information, and that
is the statement which I made. If the Senator
from Mississippi considers it unfortunatp that I
cannot repeat the language of that resolution, it
may be my misfortune. I have not a memory
that will enable me to repeat verbatim a resolution
which passed this body some two or thre^sessions
ago. He may be more fortunate in that respect
tiian I am. It is the general fact to which I allude.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senator will allow me, I
would say that the misfortune consists in making
an accusation without referring to the resolution
011 which he founds it, and I aver that no such
resolution could have passed as required an an-
swer in relation to the Liberty arsenal.
Mr. PEARCE. Will the Senator from Illinois
