1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1059
a woid of truth in it. I was a member of the Le-
gislature in the earlier stages of the session, but
had resigned my scat, and ceased to be a mem-
ber, long before the law was introduced or sug-
gested, and had nothing to do with it more than
the honorable Senator himself.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I stated to the honorable
Senator the sourcc of my information. I will fur-
nish him the paper.
Mr. FOSTER. I have no doubt the honorable
Senator states the information as he got it. My
object was simply to contradict it, and to assure
the Senator that he has been deceived.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I understand that the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, at the same time
that he says that the people of the North would
be willing to restore fugitive slaves, and to carry
into effect any fair law, objects to this particular
law on account of its provisions; and, in spite of
the perfectly lucid and satisfactory explanation of
the Senator from Virginia, [Mr. Mason,] in spite
of the reference to the language of the Constitu-
tion, the Senator from Vermont persisted in rep-
resenting the fugitive slave law as giving finality;
practically, to the decision of the commissioner,
and he says that these personal liberty bills were
passed at the North in consequence of the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court of the United States
in the case of Prigg vs. Pennsylvania, which first
startled the North, by the assertion of a right in
the claimant to take possession of his slave where
ever he might find him. That is very strange;
because, although the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States may not have so decided, and I do not
recollect that it did, in the precise words before
the case of Prigg vs. Pennsylvania, it had been
decided in several northern States, and for the
further reason that, if I understand the act of 1850,
it does no more so far as that is concerned, than
repeat the provisions of theactof 1793. The act
of 1850, does indeed provide that the owner may
arrest his slave without process of law; that the
party making claim to the fugitive from service
or labor may seize him if he can; but it provides
that he shall take him before the magistrate. He
is not at liberty to seize the fugitive and carry
him out of the State under the law, but if he finds
the individual, bound or held to service to him,
he has the right to put his hand on him, to make
manucaption of him, and to carry him before the
magistrate invested by the law with authority to
inquire into the fact of the escape and of the
identity of the individual, nothing more. The
law is that—
"The person or persons to whom such service or labor
may be dm', oi Ins, her, or their agent or attorney, duly
authorized by power of attorney, in writing, acknowledged
and certified under the sea) of some legal officer or couit of
the State or Territory in which the same may be executed,
mayputsiie and reclaim such fugitive person, either by pio-
curma a warrant from some one of the eouits, judges, or
commissioners aforesaid, of the propet cncuit. distuct, or
comity, lor the apprehension oi such tugitive from service
oriaboi,or by seizing and arresting tueh fugitive, whei*>
the same can be done without process, and by taking, or
causing such person to be taken, forthwith before such
court, judge, or commissioner whose duty it shall be to
hear and determine the case of such claimant in a sum-
mary manner."
What is he to "determine?"
" Upon satisfactory proof being made, by deposition or
affidavit, in writing, to be taken and certified by such court,
judge, or commissioner, or by other satUldCloiy testimony,
duly taken and certified by some couit, magistrate,justice
of the peace, or other legal officer authorized to administer
an oath and take depositions under the laws of the State or
Terutory from which such person owing service or labor
may have escaped, with a eeitifieateof such magistracy or
other authority, as aforesaid, with the seal of the proper
court or officer thereto attached, which seal shall be suf-
ficient to establish the competency of the proof, and with
proof also, by affidavit, of the identity of the person whose
seivice or labor is claimed to be due as aforesaid," kc.
The Senator from Vermont says that that is
practically a final determination. How does he
reach his point? He says that when a person is
put sued as a fugitive from justice, as a criminal,
it is by virtue of some process preexisting, and
that the committing magistrate merely sends him
back to the court to be tried. Well, sir, a victo-
rious answer was made by the Senator from Vir-
ginia: if any negro man in the South claims his
freedom, it is enough; the laws provide him the
amplest remedy, and the whites all around him
will aid him. The law provides that he shall be
immediately taken from the custody of the master
who holds him, and be placed beyond the reach
of any cruel process of restraint. He is protected
in the assertion of his freedom. The factthatke
has run away without claiming freedom, the fact
thathe has escaped from the service from which he
has fled, without making claim to freedom, is the
strongest of all presumptions, almost proof posi-
tive that he admits his being legally held to ser-
vice as a slave. But "notwithstanding that, if
there should have been anything to prevent his
making that claim, he is sent back under the au-
thority of law, under the order of the magistrate,
with all proper guards, to the place from which
he fled. He is put just where he was before he
fled—in no worse, in no better position; and the
Constitution of the United States intended that,
and that alone, that the fact of the escape should
not change his condition; that the fact of his es-
cape should leave him just where he would have
been without the escape, in order that there should
be no conflict between the legislation of the one
State and the other—that from which he escaped
and that to which he fled.
The Senator from Vermont says that the South
always speaks in this matter as if anybody was
ever going to be claimed under the fugitive slave
law but a fugitive slave. Why, sir, would there
be the slightest trouble on the face of the earth, in
his free inhabitant of Vermont, for whom he is
so tenderly tenacious—would there be the slight-
est difficulty on the face of the earth for that free
inhabitant of Vermont, if seized as a slave from
the South, to prove before the commissioner his
residence in Vermont as a freeman, and that he
was not a fugitive from labor; and if a case of mis-
take does occur—as cases sometimes will—if it is
found out that once out of the thousands of cases
in which reclamation of this character has been
made there is a mistake of identity, what else does
that prove except that there is an infirmity in that
as in all other human institutions; that errors may
be made in the exercise of any remedial process?
Can you point me to any other law under which
but one mistake has occurred.in three quarters of
a century, notwithstanding the constant use of the
provisions of the law? Can you find me any
other classes of cases in which but one mistake
has been made in three quarters of a century ?
When you find me that, then i will believe that
your northern legislation is directed to the safety
of your own people, and not to the intent to'evade
your duties to us by holding our fugitive slaves,
m spite of our reclamation.
Mr. President, what I have already said com-
prehends very nearly all that I intended to say on
this subject, until towards the close of the speech
of the honorable Senator from Vermont. He gave
utterance to some of what appeared to me to be
the most monstrous constitutional heresies I ever
heard of. The honorable Senator from Vermont
absolutely denied that this Government was a con-
federacy of States; declared that it was a Gov-
ernment formed by the people as a people; said j
that it could not be otherwise; said that it was i
ratified by the people of the United States, and ■
i thus became their act, in defiance of the Consti- j
tution itself, in defiance of the language of the j
amendments, in defiance of the terms of accept- '
ance of the Constitution by the State ofNew York, !
the State which acted for the State of Vermont, •
or in behalf of the State of Vermont, at the time
of the adoption of the Federal Constitution. Ver-
mont, I believe, was not a State at that time, or,
at least, was not admitted to be a State. It is well
known that, in New York, there was very great
difficulty in inducing the people to adopt this
Constitution. Nobody will doubt that, without
the adoption of it by the State, it would not have
bound the State.
But the honorable Senator from Vermont draws
the conclusion that, because it was adopted by the
people of the States, and not by the Legislatures
of the States, therefore it is a Constitution made
by the people of the United States. The answer
to that is so plain and obvious that I am aston-
ished that the suggestion should have been made.
The Constitution of the United States was not
adopted by the Legislatures of the States because
the people of the States had given them no power
to part with any State sovereignty. The people
of the States were themselves the ultimate depos-
itories of the sovereignties of the States. They
had authorized their Legislatures to make laws for
them; they had not authorized their Legislatures
to part with any portion of the State sovereignty;
and consequently, when the question arose in re-
lation to the adoption of the Constitution of the
United States, the State Legislatures, finding them-
selves without any authority delegated by the
people tp part with any portion of the sovereignty,
of the States, called conventions, and it was in
those conventions that the people of the different
States, as separate sovereignties, undertook to,,
discuss whether they were willing to give np any g,
portion of tjae State sovereignty in the formation .
of the Federal Constitution; ana the people of the
State of New York had great difficulty on the -
subject. They were nearly equally divided, even
in the convention, and finally when they did ratify
the Constitution, they said this:
" We, the delegates of the people of the State of New
York, duly elected and met in convention, having maturely
considered the Constitution of the Unitea States of Amer-
ica, agreed to on the 17th day of September, in the year
1787," * * * "do declare and make known—
"That all poweris originally vested in,and consequently
derived from, the people, and that government is instituted
by them for their common interest, protection, and secu-
rit3\"
" That the powers of government may Up reassumed by
the people"—
What becomes of the argument of the honor-
able gentleman against secession?
" That the powers of government may be reassumed by
the people whensoever it shall become necessaiy to their
happiness ; that every power,jurisdiction, and right, which
is not by the said Constitution clearly delegated to the
Congress of the United States, or the Departments of the
Government thereof remains "—
Not to the people of the United States, but—
" to the people of the several States, or to their respective
Statc governments, to whom tliey may have granted the
same; and that those clauses in said Constitution, which
declare that Congress shall not have or exercise certain
powers, do not imply that Congress is entitled to any
powers not given by the said Constitution, but sucli clauses
are to be constiued eithei as exceptions to ceitain specified %
poweis,oras inserted merely for greater caution."
Now, sir, what becomes of the pretense that the
States of this Union were not parties to the Fed-
eral Constitution, and that the Government was
formed by the people in mass? Mr. President,
it will be observed that this branch of the argu-
ment treats of the resolutions offered by the hon-
orable Senator from Mississippi, [Mr. Davis,]-
which were also spoken of by the Senator; ana
what I now state will constitute pretty much all
that I have to say on those resolutions. Those
resolutions announce principles so plain and clear,
so fully m congruity with the original intent of
the Constitution, with what I have always con-
sidered as the true theory of the powers vested in
the General Government, that I cannot conceive
how argument can be made against them.
One more word, sir, and I shall finish. The
Senator from Vermont repeats what I deem the
legal heresy of saying that slaves are not prop-
erty. I had, some twelve or eighteen months
ago, a debate with the honorable Senator from
Vermont on that subject; and I do not mean to
repeat what was then said any further than I can
avoid; but, upon that occasion, I assumed to show
that, from the time negroes were first known in
Europe and America, up to the time that Lord
Mansfield made his decision in the Sommersett
case, they never had existed except as slaves. I
showed that they were treated as slaves, as a
matter of course, by all the continental nations
of Europe, not only at home, but were forced as
such upon the colonies; I showed that there was
no law declaring them to be slaves; but they were r
treated as such by the open and common consent
of mankind; not merely by the tacit consent oT the
people of England,-thus giving origin to the com-
mon law, but by the consent of mankind. I
showed that negroes existed in England, and
were bought and sold in the market.
If Senators will look at a number of the Tattler,
for the year 1702 I think it is, they will find a
complaint of the negro Pompey, addressed to
Steele, who wrote the article, in which Pompey
complains that his silver collar is not as pretty a
one as his mistress gives her dog. The negro
slaves were not only held and sold in the English
marts, but they had collars around their necks, and
were treated as animals, and complaint made that
they were not treated as well as dogs. If you will
look to the London Advertiser, of the year 1751,
you will find the advertisement of a goldsmith's
apprentice, recommending himself to the nobility
of London as being exceedingly expert in making
collars for dogs and blacks. They were unknown
in f.ny othercapacity than that of menial servants,,
subject to the wills of their masters. According:
to the admission in the Sommersett case itself,
