2004
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
May 9,
from Arkansas that the Senate seems to misun-
derstand the object of this amendment. It is sim-
ply to protect the people that are now upon those
lands; not to benefit those who may come here-
after. Pass this bill, and we are willing to have
thG lands brought into market at once; but there
are a iarge number of people now settled upon
the unsurveyed lands in our State that the pro-
visions of this bill do not reach, but, on the con-
trary, will injure them positively, because when
the lands are once brought into market and" ad-
vertised they lose their rights; they lose their
homes. A man from abroad, with money, can
go and purchase the lands and purchase their im-
provements at that sale. You deprive them of
the benefits of their labor and time already ex-
pended there. It is to protect that class, not
those that may come in afterwards; and then put
us upon an equal footing with the other States,
and bring your lands into market; that is the
object.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. The Senator
gays this does not provide for his State. I will
read the provision of the bill to the Senator, so
that he will see its application to his State.
Mr. RICE. I wish ono moment, if the Sena-
tor will permit me, to state a fact. In the year
1857 the locusts came down from the North; they
visited a region of our country for hundreds of
miles in extent, destroyed every living tiling in
the vegetable kingdom; there was not a blade of
grass nor a leaf upon a tree left; and they nearly
ruined the settlers; but they went on. The suc-
ceeding year, the same was the result; and there
are members now on this floor, if I mistake not,
who saw that devastation. The cattle died upon
the ground; the people were beggared; and now
you ask them to come in and pay $1 25 an acre
for their land, or to permit others to come ifc
and take, not only the land, but their improve-
ments.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. Presi-
dent 
Mr. POLK. I believe I am entitled to the floor;
but I will give way to the Senator from Arkan-
sas.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. If the Senator
will allow me, I will read the section, which will
satisfy everybody. There is now in Minnesota
a vast population,and it is a wealthy State. There
area numberof counties settled. They have towns,
and cities, and counties, and their title to the land
is wanting. They have gone on to make some-
thing, in spite of misfortunes in one year. Tins
bill provides for them expressly, and I will read
the language, ft was recommended by the Gov-
ernment of the United States, m the annual mes-
sage tins year ami the one twelve months ago.
The section is to this effect:
" That each actual settler upon lands of tin- United States
which have not been offered at public sale"—
That embraces the State of Minnesota pre-
cisely—
u upon filing liN declaration, or claim, as now required by
law, shall be entitled in two years from the commence-
in?nt ol'lib occupation or settlement, or, if the land* have
not been feinveyed, two years liom the leceipt of tin: ap-
pi rived plat tit such lands, at the clistnct laud otfiee, within
which til complete th'.' prools of his said claim, and to enter
niifl pay for the lands bO claimed, ut the minimum puce of
buch laudb."
Which is $1 25. Those lands are not the ordi-
nary refuse lands that other persons will have to
take, at all. They were the choice of the domain,
and $1 25 is what they ought to bring.
" And when: such settlements have aheady been made
hi good I'aitb, the claimant shall he entitled to the said pe-
riod of two year J! hum and alter the date of tins act."
That is, two years mort; upon those surveyed
lands of which lie speaks. Ihen, on the unsur-
veyed land, he has two years from the time the
plats are filed in the Land Office, and this net says
that in two years it shall be sold; so (hat lie has
die privilege of preemptive rights, and gets his
land at that price. If this provision is changed
as to the cla*s of lands to which parties are en-
titled to go, the bill will have been broken down
in one of its most serious provisions, and I, for
one, shall feel no longer bound by any consider-
ation connected with the bill. I do not know how
others may feel.
Mr. POLK. I have given way to the Senator,
who kas made a longer speech than I intended
to do.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I Beg your
pardon.
Mr. POLK. I will merely say that it strikes
me those parties on this land have abundantly done
the thing which, on the theory of this bill, is to
be considered the meritorious consideration of the
donation at twenty-five cents an acre.
Mr. JOHNSON", of Arkansas. Oh, no; not
at all.
Mr. POLK. I look at it in that way, and I
cannot look- at it in any other way. They have
settled on the land already, and the boon proposed
to be given them is, that they shall be permitted
in two years to pay$l 25 for the lands, when the
bill proposes that other parties shall go on and
have the lands at twenty-five cents an acre. Now,
I think, in order to do equal justice to those per-
sons, we ought to extend the privileges of pur-
chase to them. I can look at it in no other light;
and if the bill is to be lost for doing justice to
them, it must go; I certainly must vote for the
amendment offered by the Senator from Minne-
sota.
Mr. WADE. I believe this amendment is
highly equitable and right, and I hope we shall
have a vote upon it, and express our opinions in
that way, instead of by words.
Mr. PUGTI. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MASON. I understand the effect of this
amendment will be to put all the lands in the
market, whether they have been offered for sale
or not—whether they are refuse or not—at the
price indicated ill the bill—twenty-live cents an
acre. 1 understand that to be the effect of the
amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. I am surprised at the friends
of this bill embarrassing its passage by such ix
thing as calling for the yeas and nays. Would
it not be eis well to let well enough alone? The
amendment can bo carried without the yeas and
nays, and 1 do not see why we should occupy
time, when Senators are anxious to go away, in
calling the yeas and nays.
Mr. J?UGH. 1 called for the yeas and nays
because, if this amendment passes I hesitate very
much whether I can vote for the bill. The words
" or preemption" being inserted, leally do bring
in lauds reserved at yy.i 50 an acre in some cases,
for there arc some cases in which we extended
preemption to them. Beside that, instead of the
people of Minnesota contenting themselves with
the provisions of the seventh section, winch were
designed for their case, they now claim to go back
to tlio first section. The Senator from Missouri
says, why not bring them in ? The Senator from
Iowa answered that two hours ago. The bill must
begin somewhere. It begins from this time and
for the future. If we let in the settlers of Minne-
sota wo must go back to the people who paid
money and give them back their money.
Mr. POLK. Not at all.
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir; the argument is just as
good in one case as another. The point is: these
persons entered under the preemption law; they
have induced the President to keep back the proc-
lamation for putting the lands in market for two
years or more, the consequence of which is, they
have enjoyed an advantage over all other pre-
emptors. Tins bill gives them two years moic;
and now it is proposed, in addition to this, to let
them pay only twenty per cent, of the amount
which they expected at the time of the entry. I
say it disjoints and destroys the whole bill.
Mr. BRAGG-. As the Senator from Ohio is
familiar with the subject, I will ask him, does it
not open the public lands in future that are sub-
ject to preemption entries also?
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir; it practically repeals
the preemption law all tin-time; but the particular
ease of Minnesota being cited, I directed the atten-
tion of the Senate to that. We have considered
it in eotnmittco; we debated it before it was re-
ferred to the committee; and my impression is—
and if I am in error I should be glad to be cor-
rected—the committee were unanimous against
the proposition. It destroys the bill entirely. I
call for the yeas and nays, because I think it a
vital question to the bill.
Mr. HAMMOND. I think, Mr. President, if
it is the intention of the friends of this bill, and of
the various bills-—for it is hard to say what bill is
exactly up before us—but if it is the intention of
the friends of the homestead bill to press it to a
final decision this evening, that we ought to in-
struct the Sergeant-at-Arms to request all absent
Senators to be present. I am willing to sit until
this time to-morrow upon this question. I am
inclined to vote for the bill last reported by the
committee to whom it was referred. Although
I should prefer to vote for no bill, still I would
vote for that bill; and I am willing to sit here
until to-morrow to dispose of it; but on a ques-
tion so important as this, on an amendment so
important as the one that has just been offered, I
think we should have the vote of as full a Senate
as it is possible for us to procure. I would pre-
fer making a motion to adjourn now; and I do
make that motion, with the understanding, if it
should be rejected, that I shall move that the Scr-
geant-at-Arms be instructed to request the attend-
ance of all absent Senators.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall not adjourn. I
want to finish one bill at least in five months.
Mr. HAMMOND. I shall be perfectly will-
ing, if satisfactory to the Senator from Ohio, to
fix an hour in which all the amendments should
be brought in and voted upon, and the bill voted
upon without any further speaking, for every-
body's mind is made up and fixed; that the vote
shall be taken at some reasonable time when the
Senate might expect to be full.
Several Members. Letus do it now.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senator from South
Carolina if he does not know, if we fix another
time for the disposition of this subject, that an-
other batch of amendments, more numerous, prob-
ably, than those nearly disposed of now, and
speeches innumerable, will be presented? Each
speech made to-day will create five the next time,
if we adjourn. Now that we have got as near
as we are to the end of it, I think wo had better
dispose of it. If I know anything from experi-
ence, the next day we take the bill up, if it should
bo postponed, it will be as far off at this time of
the day from being finished, as it is now.
Mr. MASON. I dislike to interrupt the Sen-
ator, but 1 understood the Senator from South
Carolina to move an adjournment.
Mr. HAMMOND. Yes, sir; I move an ad-
journment.
The motion was not agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes eleven; noes not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is upon the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Minnesota to the first section of the bill.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move that the Sergeant-
at-Arms be instructed to request the attendance
of absent Senators.
Mr." SIMMONS. That order is now out of
the question.
Mr. BROWN. There is no want of a quorum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. A quorum of
the Senate is believed to be present.
Mr. MASON. I presume the motion is in or-
der, although there is a quorum present. It is a
substitute for a call of the House, which is usual
in the House of Representatives. We do not
have a call of the House. It is mandatory——
Mr. KING. There will be no objection, I take
it, to the Sergeant-at-Arms being directed to invite
Senators to come in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to re-
quire the attendance of absent Senators.
Mr. HAMLIN. " Request" is the word used,
not " required."
The PRESIDING OFFICER". That the Scr-
geant-at-Arms be instructed to request the mem-
bers of the Senate, who are absent, to be present
in the Senate. Is the Senate ready for the ques-
tion ?
The question being put, the Chair decided that
the noes seemed to have it.
Mr. MASON. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
Mr. MASON. My reason for asking for the
jreas and nays was to see who there are in the
feenate that, would refuse to have a full Senate
upon a vote like this—that is all.
Mr. KING. I should wish, by unanimous
consent, that the Sergeant-at-Arms might be di-
rected to do this, and save the time spent in a
vote.
Mr. COLLAMER. We ought to have a call
of the yeas and nays to know who is absent.
Mr. KING. That is not necessary.
