40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
fer, when they emigrate, to come into a non-slave-
holding country. The State in which I reside
has, in it hundreds and thousands and tens of
thousands of people from the slaveholding States.
They want no slavery, and I suppose if the (ques-
tion were to be submitted to the citizens of Illinois
to-morrow whether slavery should be introduced
there, although there are thousands of voters from
Maryland and Virginia and Kentucky and Ten-
nessee and North Carolina and Georgia and South
Carolina, I do not suppose it would get one vote in
ten thousand in the State.
Mr. YULEE. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him a moment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator undertook, just
now, to enlighten us in respect to the attitude of
the party of which he is a member upon this slave
question. I am very solicitous to know precisely
where the Senator's party stands upon that ques-
tion, and what is the purpose of the organization,
for I understand the organization to refer mainly
to tho question of livery. I desire to know the
precise position of the party to which the Senator
belongs, and which principally prevails in the
northern States on that subjcct.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Flor-
ida cannot understand the principles of the Re-
publican party, which have been proclaimed and
published to the world, he is certainly not a very
apt scholar, and I shall almost despair of enlight-
ening him. Our principles are emblazoned before
the country and published in the platforms of the
party. Did he never read them, or has he gone
on, without reading our principles, and misun-
derstanding them?
Mr. YULEE. I have certainly read them; but,
unfortunately, never understood them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then, if I can be the
means of enlightening my friend from Florida as
to any particular part of our platform that he can-
not understand, it will afford me great pleasure
to do so.
Mr. YULEE. The Senator rose with the pur-
pose, as he declared, of informing us upon what
ground the party of which he is a member (1 will
not say the Republican party because I consider
that name as once consecrated by another party,
and {i subsequent one cannot properly appropriate
it) stands. The Senator commenced an argu-
ment upon the question of territorial occupancy
and of the right of occupancy in the Territories of
slaveholders. That is not a principle. That was
an argument the gentleman was undertaking. I
desire from him a precise statement of the point,
and )f it is emblazoned to the world and is so
►simple that ail who run may read, it certainly can
occupy but very littk of the time of the Senate to
state explicitly and in a few words what the po-
sition of the party is and to what point it tends;
what is the purpose of their organisation; and
what is the j^ohcy they propose to establish in
tins country upon the slavery question?
Mr. WADE, i think it will take until morn-
ing to throw this light on the Senate, and I there-
fore move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, December 7, 1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
it appeared from the Journal that Messrs. Rust
and Hamilton* appeared yesterday, and took
their scats as me-.tibeis of the present Congress.
Mr. KELLOG'Jr, of Illinois. I desire to make
an explanation which is somewhat peisonal m its
character—personal to myself and personal to the
individual to whom 1 shall allude. It will make
but little difference whelher gentlemen insist that
Kfi.logg shall or shall not speak, unless by the
order of the House lam not permitted. J ask to
have read the extract which I have marked, from
the New York Tribune of December 6.
The extract was read, as follows:
Washington, JDccernber o, six p. m.
TlIK ACTION" TO-DAY.—TllC COUIltl}' MlUf-t llOt llOld tllC
Itc publican fc'itie of the IIou<;c responsible tor tho cowardly
nrrtbimanrc of to-day. It was the act of a very tew fossil
y*'"higs, who aie only varnished with Republicanism suffi-
c ently to get into Congress. Mr. Ohio Stanton's motion
to adjourn was voted down, 150 to 113, only one Republican
\otmg with him. Mr. Illinois Kellogg's motion to adjourn,
winch prevailed by the help of tile entire Democratic and
South American vote, was condemned by two thirds of the
Republicans, but could not be beaten. The absentees were
for a Democrat and a South American, who, as counting
against a choice, amounts to the same thing. The Dem-
ocrats, of course, commenccd agitating the negro question,
as they always do, in order to waste tune and enable their
absentees to come in. Had the Republicans sat still in
their seats and allowed Missouri Clark to ventilate fully his
ignorance and stupidity with regard to Helper's i( Impend-
ing Crisis," and then insisted on calling the roll, and so
persevered till midnight, if necessary, Mr. Sherman would
pretty certainly have been chosen Speaker on the third
ballot. Now the election may be made to-morrow, and it
may not this month.
Mr. Clark was allowed to utter the most egregious, though,
I presume, unintentional falsehoods with regard to Helper's
book—such as that it recommends treason, rapine, and
murder—without a word of refutation. He was not even
required to read the passages on which his charges were
based. This was probably well; but the adjournment was
most shameful. I trust the indignation freely expressed by
a great majority of the Republicans, will prevent a repeti-
tion of to-day's recieancy. If s>o, the piesent evil will
work out great ultimate good. The first ballot stood as fol-
lows : Bocock, 88; Sherman, 66; Grow, about 43. The
rest were scattering. II. G.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I should not have
felt myself called upon to make any comments on
that article, had it not been for the position, the
false position, which Mr. Greeley, who has signed
the article, holds in the Republican party. It is
due to a member on this floor, when he isattackcd
in his politics, when he is villainously attacked in
the newspaper articles of the day, to make such
comments as he thinks his position demands.
With that view, I have called tho attention of the
House to this subjcct, and with that view I shall
make a few remarks.
I do not, sir, accord to any gentleman, either
of the press or of this House, the right to dictate
to me when and how I shall discharge my duty.
I am responsible to my constituents, and when
they complain it will be time enough for gentle-
men of New York to complain.
If the Republican party have their own dignity
in view, it docs seem to me that it is time that
they arise and denounce those who come here to
dragoon us and to dictate to us our duty, and to
prepare papers for us to sign to carry out some
schemc of policy of designing politicians. It is
due to their own dignity and to their own man-
hood to denounce "it here and to denounce it
everywhere.
Mr. CLEMENS. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to ask him a question?
Several Members. Oh no; let him go on.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I declinc—most
respectfully decline.
Mr. CLEMENS. I merely desire to ask 
Mr. ICELLOGG, of Illinois. I will not be led
from my purpose. This matter does not concern
any gentleman but myself. I have some knowl-
edge of tho tactics of the distinguished gentleman
who assumes to direct the destinies of the Repub-
lican party. It is fresh in my recollection, and it
is fresh in your recollection, Mr. Cleik,tliat this
same individual was, two years ago, planning and
scheming for Illinois, as he is now planning and
scheming for Pennsylvania and the whole Union.
Wc have felt, its effects; and when it, strikes an
Ilhnoisian it strikes a man who is alive and sensi-
tive to this kind of management and this kind of
political chicanery. Two years ago—it is proper
to allude to it—when the great struggle was about
to be commenced in our own State, Greeley and
others were here; and in the parlor of Senator
Douglas, night after night, in sccret conclave,
plotting and planning to sell out the politics of
Illinois; and, I might say, to sell Missouri, too.
Tell me not that I do not know this. I can prove
it. There was the scheme concocted.
Mr. LOGAN rose.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
must excuse me. I shall only occupy the floor
for a little while, and then it can be occupied by
the gentleman. I wish to God the country was
! awake to the political trickery of the times. I
wish the Republican party were waked up to the
dignity of their position. I say they were striv-
: ing to make Mr. Douglas the Senator from llli-
! nols, and they did make him Senator; and when
| we were fighting that great battle in Illinois, and
' a harder and more fearless one was never made,
this same man, Greeley, did aid Senator Douglas
in his foray and in his charge upon the Republi-
cans. He did say Douglas was Free-Soil enough
for him, and sent that declaration authoritatively
through the leading Republican organ through the
entire length and breadth .of our State; and when
our friends wrote to the Tribune to desist from
its warfare upon Illinois Republicans and her able
and distinguished son, Abram Lincoln, they wrote
back confessing candidly that they had no objec-
tion to the cle<&on of Stephen A. Douglas.
If this is a true Republican leader; if this is a
faithful organ of Republican sentiment, it is time
that we knew it. I have said this plainly, and
not under excitcment. I have said it understand-
ingly, and not by mistake. I have said these
things deliberately, for I know the truth of that I
do speak; and,sir, when this man comes hereto
read me a lecture, and call me a fossil Whig, just
varnished enough with Republicanism to get into
Congress, who stood up in that fight with all the
ability that I possessed, small though it may be,
while he stood aloof, or was fighting with the ene-
my in sustaining and helping to elect the man we
most oppose and most dislike, I am unwilling
that he shall lecture me here, and he shall not do
it without my retorting in language suited to the
occasion, in my judgment.
Now, sir, 1 have but little more to say to this
man, and but little more to say upon this sub-
ject. In tho article read by the Clerk and to
which I have alluded, he characterizes as a cow-
ardly act the moving of an adjournment of the
House. Why was it moved? It was to enable
us to act understandingly upon—and to discuss
undcrstandingly, as he admits there—the ques-
tion of the doctrines of the Helper book. He
charges upon the Republican party that they sat
still here, and did not ask that it be read. That
is what ho charges, and yet if a member moves
an adjournment for the same purpose he is called a
varnished Whig, just Republican enough to get
into Congress. Well, sir, he once had some ism
or principle just enough to get him into Congress,
ana he just got out, and, thank God, he will
never get in again. [Applause.]
The motive that induced the motion I made
was to ascertain, by a careful examination of the
compendium of Helper's book, whether it really
did or did not express the sentiments I entertain
on the slavery question now before the country.
Was it a proper and worthy motive? My name
' appears to a recommendation of that compendium,
! and, as an honest man, my name appearing there,
I want to know, and I will know, whether the
book contains my sentiments or not. I had not
read the book. 1 did not recollect, and 1 do not
now recollect,having signed the recommendation,
but presume I did so, from the fact that it appears
among other Republican names; and I was un-
willing to say whether it contained my senti-
ments or not until I had read it. I have now
examined it, and the object of that adjournment,
so far as I am concerned, has been satisfactorily
accomplished.
I know that gentlemen on the other side would
rather put us in a false position. These are the
tactics of the enemy—the strategy of political war;
but they shall not do it so far as I am concerned,
and I am determined, among my friends, as well
as before my opponents, to utter what really and
truly are my sentiments, as well as to disavow
those which are charged upon mc as my princi-
ples, but which are not. I have examined this
work, which has been published and got up since
that recommendation was made; I have examined
it, and 1 find in it many positions utterly inde-
fensible ; utterly at war with Republican doctrines;
utterly at war with the great principle which
has brought into being within the last three years
the strongest political organization of our country.
When it is declared in that compendium that
southern men should change their institutions by
violence; when it is said the Revolution of 1776
has only commenced and never will be completed
until it shall have been carried on to the aboli-
tion of slavery in the South; and that the non-
slaveholders of the South, with arms and violence,
: shall revolutionize their country; and it is charged
| that I have indorsed the publication and recom-
! mended the sending out oi a million or a hundred
! thousand copies, I care not which, through the
land and among my own constituents, I would
he recreant to my trust and duty as a Representa-
tive from Illinois, if I did not deny it and denounce
it upon this floor, [applause;] and I here declare
that the publication of that compendium is a cheat
upon those whose names appear signed to the^rec-
ommendation, and a fraud upon the Republican
party.
