1062
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
him. He withdrew his troops to put thertron the
northern frontier. He dismantled these forts,
withdrew the troops, and what has followed?
It is said by the Senator from Maine that the
Secretary of War has expressed no opinion upon
this subject. Now, sir, I intend to read what the
Secretary of War has said, and I will put it to
the Senator from Maine himself. I do not choose
to indulge in any language which is without im-
port. He spoke the other day of unfairness and
things of that sort. I do not charge him with any
indirection or unfairness, because I never say
what I do not mean. I say that he has misunder-
stood or misapprehended what the Secretary of
War has said. A bill providing for making an
appropriation to put the regiment in the field that
was already provided for by law, \vas sent to
the Secretary of War. He was asked for the
estimates. He returns, after two months'consid-
eration, that bill with the estimates; and with his
estimates and the bill, he uses this language:
" I have had the honor to jjpeeive your letter of tlie 18th
of January iabt, inclosing a bill making appropiiations for
the support of one regiment of Texas volunteers. I here-
with return the bill, with the information desired, and beg
to add that the opinion of this Dep.ttrmem, so frequently
urged upon Congress heretofore, as to the pressing neces-
sity for additional mounted troops, is unchanged; and the
exigencies of the service, in the opinion of the Depart-
ment, require that the appropriation should be made."
What appropriation? This appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "The exigencies of the
service" require it, not the exigencies of Texas.
Does the Senator want to know what I think of
that, in one word ?
Mr. W1GFALL. Yes.
* Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is a dodge. He
does not mean to answer the question directly.
Mr, W1GFALL\ That is a matter which the
Senator a,id the Secretary of War car^settle. If
he wants to make a point of honor on him, or*
charge him with indirection, the Secretary of War
and the Senator can settle it. I do not choose to
comment further upon it. The Secretary of War
was born in Virginia, and I believe is a gentle-
man; at least there is the presumption in his favor;
and if his motives arc attacked, I am certainly
not going to take up the glove which has been
thrown. #
Now, sir, on this subject I have nothing more
to say. I have answered the two points winch
the Senator made, and I beg the Senate to take a
direct vote on the question, so that we shall un-
derstand whether they intend to grant this appro-
?nation or not. I do not intend to urge it further.
f there was more time I would go further. I am
anxious for a vote.
Mr. HEMPHILL. In' addition to what my
colleague has said as to the recommendation of
the Secretary of War, I beg leave to refer the
Senator from Maine to the act which authorized
the organization of this regiment. It provides:
"That thePiesident of the United States be authorized to
receive into the service of the United States one regiment
of Texas mounted volunteers, to be raised and organized
by the State of Texas, {or the defense and protection of the
frontier thereof." [Approved April 7, 185b.]
That is the very regiment for which the appro-
priation was asked. That was the question which
was referred to the Secretary of War, and to it
he replies:
" The exigencies of the service, in the opinion of the De-
pal tmem, require that the appropriation should be made."
For this very regiment, and no other regiment
but this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He does not say the ex-
igencies in Texas.
Mr. HEMPHILL. It amounts to that. The
law says the regiment is for Texas, for the de-
fense and protection of her frontier—for that alone;
for no other purpose whatever. It is not in rela-
tion to the service generally, but it is in relation
to this particular regiment that his opinion is
asked, and he says:
" The exigencies of the service, in the opinion of the De-
partment, require that the appropriation should be made."
For this identical regiment, and no other.
I do not know, Mr. President, that it is neces-
sary for me to say anything in relation to the
condition of the northern frontier of Texas. That
was discussed the other day, and the barbarities
which had been practiced there were depicted by
my oolleague. I will only say in reference to it, that
other barbarities have Seen inflicted there since
the attempt to pass this appropriation, two years
ago, equal in atrocity to those pictured by my col-
league. Several persons were killed in October,
1858, in Wise county; and in September, 1859—
passing overall other atrocities except this one,
to which 1 shall allude—about thirty miles from
Fort Duncan, one of the dismantled posts, four
isolated families that lived there were attacked by
the Indians; and a widow and two children, after
suffering all the indignities that could be perpe-
trated on them, were put to death by beating their
brains out; a man was killed, and his wife taken
oft", and an infantdestroyed, simply for the amuse-
ment of the Indians, in the presence of thc^mother.
That same party, or another party, went down
below, near Laredo, and killed seven shepherds
outright, and two other Mexicans were also
killed. By that one inroad, sixteen or seventeen
persons were killed, and a large number of horses
were taken off. At the time these outrages were
perpetrated on that portion of the frontier, I my-
self was on another portion, in September, 1859,
and not far from me, a little boy nine years of age
was speared before he could reach the house; and
I saw a great many of the inhabitants removing
down from the frontier, because they could not
live there safely; and I remember well the ex-
pression of one of the mothers, that her children
were playful, and she could not be contented when
they were out of her sight, because at any mo-
ment they might be speared by the Indians in the
same way this little boy was.
These atrocities have been increasing ever sincfe
the failure of Congress to pass this appropriation
two years ago. They are much more aggravated
now than they wore then. No doubt the reason
for declining to make the appropriation at that
time was, that the war in Utah had ceased, and
that our State would be covered with regiments
of regulars, lfnecessary, as was then said; butnot
a single man has come down from Utah or else-
where to increase the regular armym Texas since
that time. I will also state that there are several
companies in service which have been called out
by the Governor of Texas. There is a company
stationed on the Red river; another on the Colo-
rado; another on the Nueces, and*, besides, other
companies of mounted men, making six compa-
nies in that section; and there are two companies
on the Rio Grande. Thus it appears that there
are eight companies now in service: and it is shown
by late papers that three companies are nowbeing
ordered out. Fifty-eight thousand dollars has
been expended since the last session of the Legis-
lature, in addition to .§184,000 previously ex-
pended; and $300,000 have now been appropri-
ated by the Legislature of Texas for frontier
defense. Such, however, is the existing condition
of the treasury of Texas, that warrants on it are
not now cashed, though, in justice, it should be
stated that they bear ten per cent, interest until
paid.
I state these facts to show the condition of the
frontier, and the opinion of the Legislature and
Governor of Texas. I could read a portion of his
message, but I shall not detain the Senate by
doing so.
This Government is bound to the defense of the
frontier, the condition of which demands imme-
diate and efficient protection. Will itshrinkfrom
its duty, and require the State to exhaust its
treasury and wait for years for, perhaps, but a
partial reimbursement? I trust not. Justice,
the duty which the Government owes to the citi-
zen, and even to itself, forbids any such conclu-
sion. 1 am perfectly satisfied that the " exigen-
cies" of the frontier demand the organization of
this regiment, and I trust and believe that it will
be no longer delayed or refused.
Mr. HALE. I have an amendment which I
wish to propose as an additional section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is it an amend-
ment to the amendment ?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator proposes a new
section.
Mr. HALE. It is a new section to be added
to the amendment of the Senator from Texas.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Jind be it further enacted, That the money hereby appro-
priated, or any part thereof, shall not be withdrawn from
the Treasury, unless the President of the United States
shall be of opinion that the exigencies of the public service
m Texas require the calling out of the regiment aforesaid.
Mr.WIGFALL. I hope that amendment will
be adopted.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to.
Mr. HALE. I hare one other amendment:
And be it further enadca, That when the regiment of
mounted volunteers shall have been laised foi the public
service as herein provided, the present force of the United
States troops shall be reduced by the^equivalent of one
regiment of mounted troops, and the President of the Uni-
ted States be authorized and required to disband that num-
ber of officers, non-commissioned officers, musicians, and
privates now in the Army of the United States.
A single word, and I shall not detain the Sen-
ate. The amendment is offered by me upon the
ground that this is a peculiar sort of force which
is said to be necessary for this emergency. 1 do
not believe any additional Army is necessary; and
if this kind of force is better than any other, let
us take*this and disband one of the other regi-
ments. I should like to have the yeas and nays
on this proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DAVIS. From some remarks made in
relation to the letter of the Secretary of War, I
wish to say a very few words to the Senate. The
Secretary of War some time since recommended
an increase of mounted force. The Congress of
the United States chose to comply with the ap-
plication of the Secretary of War, in the form of
mounted volunteers. Therefore, the letter of the
Secretary of War is in entire keeping with the
position he has taken from the beginning. Sinco
Congress has chosen to vote a regiment of mounted
volunteers, he replies by saying that he has bui
to renew his previous request for an increase of
mounted troops; and he furnishes an estimate of
the cost for the particular character of troops which
the Congress has thought proper to adopt. It is
not an inference that the Secretary of War has
chosen this character of troops; and it is unjust
to liim to say that he is dodging the question be-
cause he docs not choose to arraign the wisdom
of Congress upon the law which Congress has
enacted.
Again, the Secretary here for the first time ex-
hibits to Congress the fact that he is not respons-
ible for the exposed condition of our Mexican
frontier; that the troops were withdrawn by the
officer in charge of the department on consulta-
tion with the commanding general of the Army,
and that the Secretary of War disapproved the
withdrawal. From that withdrawal has arisen
the difficulties which have occurred on the Rio
Grande, I have no doubt. They have commenced,
they have progressed, until the relations between
the two countries arc complicated. They will
become worse unless we do something now to in-
terpose. If the troops of Texas under the or-
ders of the Governor of that State are sent to the
borders of the Rio Grande, they will inevitably
cross the Rio Grande, and there they will com-
mit depredations upon Mexico, for which we as
a Government shall ]be responsible. If they are
successful, and holdsone or two of the States of
northern Mexico, we become responsible. If
they are whipped out of the country, and I be-
lieve that the more probable result, then there is
no doubt that the United States will make the
quarrel their own. By interposing at this time,
and getting the control of these irregular troops,
we may prevent this catastrophe.
Then as to the question of money, we shall
have to pay the bills incurred by the men called
into the service of the United States by the Gov-
ernor of that State, upon showing the necessity
therefor. Sooner or later, they will be paid. It
will amount to more than the appropriation; and
the service will be rendered, not under the control
of the United States and under the direction of its
officers, but simply under the orders of the Gov-
ernor of Texas. In every view which 1 can take
of it, if the men are to be in service, it is far better
that thev should be under the orders of the United
States. The amendment which has been accepted
to-day reduces the amount $350,907 60; so that it
has ceased to be over a million, and is in fact but
$779,392 03. I shall not detain the Senate.
Mr. SIMMONS. I have not had an opportu-
nity to read these papers through, though! read
them as long as the journal was being read, and
until the Senator from Vermont began to speak.
I have not seen any estimate for these ^70u,000;
but I suppose it is all correct, and it is in this
book, no doubt.
