42
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
jttrious consequences to the country. "We know
that the effect of their cherished policy of con-
fressional intervention has been to array the
forth against the South and the South against
the North. We know that the effect has been to
paralyze the action of the Government upon sev-
eral occasions, and disable it from performing its
legitimate functions I might cite the instances of
this truth, but will not pause to do so now.
Mr. PALMER. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a single question ? • Did or did not the
repeal -of the Missouri compromise line open up
the agitation of the slavery question?
Mr. MeCLERNAND. I suppose that if I
were to answer the gentleman, my answer would
not be satisfactory. I therefore leave him to an-
swer his own question. I was saying, when in-
terrupted, that the position assumed by the Re-
publican leaders on the slavery question was a
position antagonistic to the peace of the country
and to the perpetuity of the Union. How stands
the case ? One of the most distinguished leaders
of the Republican party has proclaimed-—what?
That there is an irrepressible conflict between the
free States and the slave States, and that that con-
flict must continue to rage until one or the other
shall be exterminated.
How different the teachings of the fathers of
the Republic! They taught very opposite doc-
trines. They taught that the very difference in
the employments of the people of the different
States would but contribute to strengthen the
Union, and perpetuate it. The very preamble to
the Federal Constitution ignores the abominable
heresies thus proclaimed by W illiam H. Seward.
It declares that the Constitution was established
to effect a more perfect Union, to secure peace,
to establish justice, &c. ; yet Seward maintains
that the Union of these States, under the Con-
stitution, is destructive of those very objects.
Whose teachings shall we adopt—those of the
great high priest of the Republican party or those
of Washington and Franklin and Hamilton and
Jay? The moral consequences that have flowed
from the fanatical agitation by the Republican
party of the subject of slavery arc of the most
deplorable character.
They have had the effect to alienate the North
from the South; to engender hostility between
two sections of the country. They have found
a practical illustration in the conduct of this
man Brown, whom we find, with his aiders and
abettors, stopping a railroad train and proclaim-
ing to the slaves of the South that their liberties
are to be won in the midst of the smoking vil-
lages and cities and murdered inhabitants of the
South. And is it not time that all conservative
and national men should rally for the Union?
Hence, I repeat, the question now before us is,
whether wc shall elect a Speaker standing on a
national platform, or a Speaker standing on a
sectional platform? Iam for the national man.
I am against the sectional man.
As for Judge Douglas, his course is illustrated
by a brilliant career which now forms a part of
the history of the country. His devotion to the
Democratic party cannot be called m question.
He has led it m some of the darkest hours of its
trials. He has never abated his efforts to pro-
moteits honor, its prosperity, and its ascendency.
He has been its champion than whom none has
been more faithful, courageous, and efficient.
Such is the judgment of Illinois. Such,! believe,
will be the judgment of the nation, when pas-
sion and prejudice shall have subsided. The
eagle flight of Stephen A. Douglas is aboveand
beyond the reach of the poisoned arrow of the
gentleman to whom 1 reply, [Mr. Kellogg.]
but I would not do my colleague injustice. He
has not said that he himself heard the conversa-
tion upon which he predicates a charge. I do
not undeistand him to vouch for its truth upon
his own personal knowledge. He may have heard
it from some man who said he heard it from
another man, and this is all. JNo authority is
vouched for the charge; even the gentleman him-
self does not vouch for it, and I believe it to be
utterly without foundation. Certainly, it is con-
tradicted by the evidences afforded by Judge Doug-
las's character and by his whole public career.
The charge comes too late, cither to be believed
or to be true; besides, the originator of such a
charge, as a betrayer of private conversations of
which he was a hearer, is unworthy of credit
among honorable men. I will not do my colleague
the injustice to suppose that he could be guilty
of such conduct.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I agree with the
gentleman that it would not be proper to disclose
a private conversation, although the gentleman
has talked about Mr. Greeley's private opinions
and wishes. I say now, once for all, such was
the fact. I was not there; but it was the fact. It
was not told me in confidence either. That is
enough on that subject. I am pleased with my
colleague. I am fortunate in having sueh col-
leagues here. The faculty with which he sings
psalms to the Union, and to the union of the De-
mocracy in particular, just at this juncture of
time, gives me great gratification. New converts
always shout the loudest.
Mr. WELLS. The Republicans are anxious to
organize this House by the selection of a Speaker,
so that the operations of Government may not be
impeded by the agitation of slavery or any other
questions; so that the public creditors may be
satisfied their just demands, and laws needful for
the protection of the varied interests of our com-
mon country may be passed.
As yet we are not a deliberative body, in any
just sense of the term. We are substantially
without officers to preserve order, and without
rules for our guidance.
The will of the majority is, in fact, our only
rule of action, and if that will is to be swayed by
passion and prejudice; if party spirit is to sup-
plant the spirit of patriotism; if we are to lose
sight of the grave interests we represent; if, in
place of the sober dictates of reason and con-
science, angry and recriminative discussion is to
be the business of this House, what assurance
can we have that the will of the majority of this
House will be the voice of the people or the voice
of God?
I shall shrink from no discussion when I think
the proper time has arrived.
Whether we on this side advocate the eternal
and immutable principles of justice; whether those
principles we advocate shall place our Constitu-
tion and our Union on a rock whose foundation
shall be unshaken by the foam of partisan or sec-
tional passion; or whether such are the principles
advocated by the other side of the House, history
will ultimately dcteimine.
In the mean time, let us test our faith in our
principles by an appeal to the Father of all, ask-
ing him for that protection and guidance which
all who witnessed the scenes of yesterday must
know we all need.
I offer the following resolution, in the hope that
its adoption may bring down the blessings of the
Almighty upon the deliberations of this assembly;
Resolved, That, until the House shall be organized by the
election of a Speaker, the clergy of this city, ot the various
loligtous denominations, ho respectfully requested to open
the dailv so>sion of this House with piaycr, and that such
ot the elcigy as shall accept this invitation officiate one
each da> m alphabetical order.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I desire to know
whether this House has the power to transact any
business until after its organization.
The CLERIC. It is not for the Clerk to de-
cide. If the gentlemen makes the question, itwill
be submitted to the House.
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I shall not make any
question about it.
The question was taken, and the resolution
adopted.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I have listened,
Mr. Clerk, with some degree of interest to the
discussion that lias taken place in the House this
morning; and, while I do not propose to prolong i
it by any extended remarks of nfy own—for I ;
! have sought rather to be a working than a speak- I
mg member—I cannot permit the occasion to pass |
without saying something in regard to the matter i
which has been alluded to by my colleague, [Mr. i
! Kellogg.] I desire to know from him when the i
I! conversation took place to which he has referred ;
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. What conversa-
tion ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The conversation
between Greeley and Douglas.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Two years ago
this winter, if I recollect right. The time of the
struggle between the Administration and Mr.
Douglas
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. I will now ask my
colleague whether he was present at that conver-
sation; and if not, who reported it to him ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Whenever it
becomcs necessary, and if the gentleman denies
the fact, I can prove it.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. The gentleman,
then, is " mum," fortifying himself behind the
privilege of confidence, and refusing to disclose
the name of the individual who reported the con-
versation to him!
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. The gentleman
must be corrected on this subject. I stated dis-
tinctly that it was not in confidence it was told to
me, and the gentleman should not so state.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. Then why not dis-
close the name to the House and country?
Mr.- KELLOGG, of Illinois. Because I do not
see proper now to do it. Let that be the answer.
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. My colleague does
not see proper to do it! If I had been in my col-
league's place, I think I would not have alluded
to a conversation that took place, as he says, in
a private parlor, with a view of producing an effect
on the country, and then refuse to disclose the
name of his informant. I leave such conduct to
the deliberate judgment of the country.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Docs the gentle-
man deny the fact ?
Mr. MORRIS, of Illinois. On that point I will
speak presently. I supposed that if any such
conversation took place as he refers to, it was
two years ago, during the struggle on the Le-
compton question. He has fixed upon that time,
and I will not cavil about it. All I want is, there
shall be no mistake as to the period he designates.
Being the only Democratic member from the
State of Illinois who was in the Thirty-Fifth
Congress, all my Democratic colleagues in this
Congress being new members, I claim to know as
much or more about Judge Douglas's course than
my Republican colleague from the district just
above me, [Mr. Kellogg.]
Sir, during that fearful and exciting struggle,
being the warm and devoted personal and polit-
ical friend of Judge Douglas, I was with him in
consultation almost every day. Hardly—I might
almost say—an hour passed but the Democratic
portion of the delegation from Illinois exchanged
views with him and each other, and kept them-
selves posted in reference to what was going on,
as far as they could;4and, sir, this is the first
time in my life that I ever heard it charged or in-
timated that Judge Douglas and Mr. Greeley
were plotting and conniving together in the parlor
of the former for the purpose of securing his re-
election to the Senate. I was frequently, daily
there,but I never saw Mr. Greeley there, I never
heard of his being there, I was never introduced
to him in my life, I do not suppose that to-day I
should know him by sight, and I am sure if he
had called at Judge Douglas's often, or the judge
was '* plotting" with him, I would have met him
there. I do not see how I could have avoided it;
yet I never did see or hear nf his being there;
and in the absence of Judge Douglas without
knowing what he will say upon the subject, I
take the responsibility here of asserting that I do
not believe there is one iota of truth in the chargc
of my colleague—not one.
Judge Douglas, for his reelection, is not in-
debted to my colleague, [Mr. Kellogg,] nor is
ho indebted to the Republican party. lie is not
indebted to Mr. Greeley, but he is indebted to
the brave hearts and determined will of the Dem-
ocratic party of the Stat^ of Illinois, a State which
loves and has adopted him as her son, and to no
other party.
I deprecate upon the part of my colleague that
he should, when he comes into the House to settle
his own quarrels with Mr. Greeley, undertake to
quarrel with anybody else. If there is a matter
between Judge Douglas and another, let them
settle it without his interference. The Judge is
not here to respond, and lctmc repeat, and I know
that if the gallant Harris were alive and here, if
Marshall were here, if Hodges were here, if
Smith were hero, if Shaw were here, they would
each and all concur with me, that they never, at
any time or on any occasion, heard of an interview
having taken place between Judge Douglas and
Mr. Greeley, though Mr. Greeley, may, for aught
I know, have called at the house of Judge Doug-
las, and been in his parlor, for the purpose of
