1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2007
every way, ought to stand by the committee an'}
by those who would give to the country all they
could reasonably ask in this matter. I suggest
again, that some one who voted in favor of the
amendment will move a reconsideration, in order
that we may have it in our power to pass the bill.
Mr. RICE. I presume the Senator from Ore-
gon alludes to the amendment that I offered.
Mr. LANE. To that entirely.
Mr. RICE. I so understand; and I regret ex-
ceedingly that he should have used any remarks
towards me, or any other Senator here, that might
be construed to imply that we took a position to
embarrass the bill for the purpose of defeating it
—not being true friends of the homestead bill.
Mr. LANE. I did not include the Senator in
the remarks I made.
Mr. RICE. I was sincere in offering the amend-
ment; and there is no power upon the face of the
earth, political, personal, or other, that will induce
me to withdraw it, or to move a reconsideration.
I wish now to say, if the principles embodied in
the bill reported by the committee are just and
correct, they are only being, made more perfect by
the amendment which I offered. I know some-
thing of the public land system. I have lived in
four Territories of the United States while they
were Territories, and after they became States. I
know there are millions of acres of land in the
Northwest that have been offered for sale, when
they were offered, because the Executive willed,
without any guidance of law. I know that many
of those same millions of acres were withdrawn
from sale because the Executive willed it. Thou-
sands were settled upon those lauds when they
had been offered for sale, and are there still set-
tlers, after the lands were withdrawn from sale.
They are to be excluded fiom the rights of this
measure.
I am compelled, with all due deference to every
Senator, to say that it strikes me that the bill, in
the shape which it is in, wi 11 be construed, by those
who shall hereafter examine it, as a measure that
was intended to take from the other side of the
Senate the credit of passing a homestead bill.
Without this amendment, it is a bill that will be
worthless to a large majority of the people of the
Northwest. That worii will not convey what I
mean. It will be a measure that will set five
thousand people in my State against three or four
other thousand in that State. The lesser class
will be benefited, andthegreater class—thepoorer
class; the first settlers—entirely deprived of the
benefits of it. Now, I desire to say to the Sen-
ate I do not approve of this bill. My preference
was for another. I believe that the constitutional
objection would have been avoided; that every
inducement for paupers to settle in our country,
and for speculators to have taken advantage of
the measure, could have been avoided by adopt-
ing the amendment offered by the Senator fiom
Mississippi. I did approve of that. I believe it
is a measure which would have stood the test of
time. But as this is now before us, it is the only
choice that I have; and I want, if the bill passes,
to have this provision inserted. I ask it m the
name of justice and of equality.
Mr. BROWN. It seems to me, in the present
attitude of this bill, that what we ought to do
would be, to stop discussing what we have already
done m committee, and go on and perfect the bill,
and report it to the Senate. That is a course
which will be decisive. Any gentleman will have
an opportunity to call the yeas and nays again in
the Senate upon this objectionable amendment,
moved by my friend from Minnesota. The mat-
ter is not ended. But when this bill shall be re-
ported to the Senate from the Committee of the
Whole, in which we are now, there will be an-
other opportunity of taking the yeas and nays.
Now, cannot we go on to this extent: pcrfeet the
lull, report it to the Senate, and take the vote upon
concurring in all the other amendments, except
the one moved by my friend fram Minnesota;
and upon that, let us adjourn, and wait for a full
Senate, until we can get a decision.
Mr. RICE. All I wish to say is this; I do not
desire to interpose any factious opposition, and I
regret that I am compelled to think one has been
introduced here. I am willing to submit. I am
willm0* to consent to a fair vote upon that propo-
sition" Beyond that, I have no authority to speak
for the bill. _ . ,
Mr. BROWN, I did not suppose my friend
from Minnesota had; but this is the point of con-
troversy. Cannot we agree to dispose of the bill
in every other particular except in regard to the
amendmenfmoved by the Senator from Minne-
sota?
Mr. GREEN. No.
Mr.sBROWN. One Senator has no right to
say no. Well then, sir, I stand prepared to sit
here until the morning dawns, until the sun rises,
if Senators will not accept any reasonable or prop-
er proposition. You nave got a bill here that must
be disposed of. A majority of the Senate has,
time and again, shown a determination to dispose
of the bill. Senators cannot sit by and say we
abruptly reject this proposition or the other. The
bill is before you, sir; it has a majority of the Sen-
ate in its favor; and it cannot be whistled down
the wind. Senators may say what they please;
but this bill has to be met either to-day or at some
other day. I made, what I thought, was a rea-
sonable and proper proposition. Tlie Senator from
Minnesota had moved an amendment, to which
some of the real friends of this bill objected; it had
been voted into the bill. What I proposed was,
to go on and perfect the bill, report it to the Sen-
ate, agree to all the amendments to which there
was no objection, in the Senate, and then let this
objectionable point stand over for a full Senate,
and agree to an hour on which to take the vote.
What objection can there be to that? If you meet
that proposition in a captious spirit, the friends
of this measure will sit here with you, gentlemen,
until the morning dawns, until thenoon-day comes,
and until the sun goes down. There is no use of
gentlemen saying, in a side way, "no, we will
not accept this;" casting over everything. I am
a friend of the measure, if it can be put in ^proper
form. I am a friend of the great measure of giv-
ing homes to the hgniclcss.
Mr. GREEN. I objcct to it.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; let the Senator go
and tell his homeless constituents so.
Mr. GREEN. I do.
Mr. BROWN. I have heard gentlemen talk
that way before, and I have seen them quail be-
fore public sentiment.
Mr. GREEN. 1 never will.
Mr. BROWN. I do not fear to stand in this
presence, or any other, and say that I am in favor
of giving land to the landless and homes to the
homeless. I am so. I have always been so; I
expect always to remain so. I have no feeling
with that sentiment which allows wild beasts to
roam over untold millions of lands, whilst honest
*men, with honest hearts, are without an acre. I
'sympathize with the toiling millions. Whether
they live in the North or m the South, the East
or the West, does not concern me; they are my
countrymen, and this country, in all its ampli-
tude, is mine; it is theirs. It was purchased by
common blood and by common treasure. It be-
longs to one and all of us. More than that, sir;
this great continent, which we inhabit, belongs
not to us, but it belongs to God; for he created it;
He gave it to His people, and when those of us
who inherit it undertake to assert that we have a
right to it which does not belong to the balance
of God's creatures, we assert in its sublimity the
doctrine of squatter sovereignty: that because we
were the first here, and the first to take posses-
sion of it, therefore we may exclude everybody
else. I agree to no such doctrine; to no such
theory. I am for providing homes for the home-
less; not for giving to anybody anything, but to
give every man a fair opportunity of providing
himself a home upon the public lands. Now, sir,
as to the question introduced by my friend from
Minnesota, which seems to be objectionable, I
do not like it myself; but why cannot we go on
and perfect the bill this evening and leave that
proposition open until we can have a full Senate?
If no reasonable proposition can be accepted, I
am prepared to sit here until midnight, until day
dawns, or until to-morrow evening.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move that the Senate
adjourn; and I ask for the yeas and nays upon
that question.
Mr. YULEE. If the Senator will withdraw
that motion for the present, I was about to make
a motion that will perhaps be satisfactory.
Mr. HAMMOND. 1 will not withdraw the
motion unless it will be renewed by the Senator
from Florida. I persist in the motion; but 1 win
courteously withdraw it for a moment, if tne sen-
ator will renew it or give me the floor. If it is
understood I am to have the floor in order to re-
new the motion, I will withdraw it for the present,
Mr. YULEE. Of course, the Senator can get
the floor immediately afterwards. I rise, Mr.
President, for the purpose of saying that I voted
for the amendment, which seems to have excited
much feeling, because it would render the opera-
tion of the bill more beneficial in my own State
under the particular circumstances in which our
public lands at present stand; but since I gave
that vote, I have learned, what I did not before
know, from a member of the Committee on
Public Lands, that there are some of the Terri-
tories in which preemptions may be taken upon
unsurveyed land. That being the case 
Mr. HAMMOND. I did not give the Senator
from Florida the floor to make a speech. I
thought he had some business matter that he
wished to bring up.
Mr. YULEE. I have some business matter.
Mr. HAMMOND. I did not yield for a
speech.
Mr. YULEE. By the courtesy of the Senator,
I am on the floor; but I beg that he will permit
me to conclude. I will do it very shortly.
Mr. HAMMOND. I gave way for the Sen-
ator to make a motion, or something of that sort,
not a speech.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood that the Senator from South Carolina
yielded to the Senator from Florida. Does the
Senator from South Carolina claim the floor?
Mr. YULEE. 1 was upon the floor, sir.
Mr. HAMMOND. I claim the floor, but I
yielded from courtesy to the Senator from Flor-
ida, supposing that lie intended to make some
motion or another; but it is evident that he intends
to make a speech.
Mr. YULEE. No, sir; I am not going to make
a speech.
Mr. HAMMOND. You have almost made a
speech already.
Mr. YULEE. It would have been concluded
t before this if I had not been interrupted. 1 was
about to say that I had learned from a member of
the Committee on Public Lands, that there are
some of the Territories in which preemptions may
be taken upon unsurveyed land. That being the
case, of course it is at war with the scheme of the
bill as proposed by the Committee on Public
Lands, and supported by my friends. Having
been rather indifferent in the vote which I gave,
I move a reconsideration of that vote on the
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota, and
that will oblige the Senate to take another vote
upon the reconsideration.
Mr. HAMMOND. I move an adjournment,
and call for the yeas and nays upon the motion.
1 give notice that 1 will not withdraw it. ^
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I notice that there are
several persons in the Senate who have not re-
sponded to their names. I presume there is a quo-
rum present. There is a rule requiring every
Senator to respond to his name.
Mr. GREEK". I desire to withdraw my name.
I do not vote.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust the rule will be
enforced, and Senators in the Chamber required
to answer to their names. I ask the Chair if that
is not the rule of the Senate ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Such is the
rule. Senators being present are required to vote.
Mr. GREEN. My name is recorded, and I ask
leave to withdraw it.,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to withdrawing
the name.
Mr. GREEN. I ask a vote on that question.
I do not choose to vote when there is no quorum
present; I am not in the Senate of the United
States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask that the names of
Senators in the Chamber who have not responded
be called, and that the rule may be enforced.
Mr. GREEN. I rise to a question of order.
I have alreadv made a motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. What is the
motion of the Senator from Missouri?
Mr. GREEN. That my name be withdrawn,
because there is no quorum present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That has not yet been
ascertained.
