1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2951
dicate my general opposition to the resolutions
coming before the House under the circumstances
which I have stated.
The vote was announced as above recorded.
♦
The third resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, Tliat the distribution, by the Secretary of the
Navy, of the patronage in the navy-yards among members
of Congress, was destructive of discipline, corrupting in its
influence, and highly injurious to the public service.
Mr. REAGAN. I should like the unanimous
consent of the House to offer an amendment to
that resolution, for the purpose of putting it in a
shape in which more of us can vote for it. I pro-
pose to amend by adding the following:
Jind resolved further, That the Republican members of
this Home, in receiving ai.fi acting on the proposition of
John 1). Deiree*, in which he proposed to give to that party
one half the profits ot the public printing, if they would
nominate and clect him Public Printei of this Congress,
was conuptmgand demoralizing in its tendencies, and was
a bargaining away of the offices and patronage of this House,
and deserves rebuke and condemnation.
Mr. CASE. I object, because it is not true.
Mr. STANTON. I hope the gentleman from
Texas will also include in his amendment that
combination to elect Mr. Glossbrenner as Printer,
and the spoils in that instance. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOUSTON. 1 object, bccause gentlemen
know these amendments will not be admitted, and
they offer them only for foolishness.
Ihe question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 123, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Mcssis. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Aid-
rich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale,
Bingham,"Samuel S. iilair, Ulakc, Boteler, Biah^on, Diay-
ton, linstow, Dufilnton, JBuilingame, Butterficid, Camp-
bell, Caicy, Caiter, Case, Colfa.\, Covode, Cuius, II. Win-
ter bavi^j John G Davis, Dawe*, De Jamette, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Famsworth, Fenton,
Ferrv, Foster, Foukc, Frank, French, Giimei, Gooeh,
Graham, Giovv, Gurlcy, Hale, Hall, Hardeman, J. Morri-
son Hani*. Haskni, Hatton, Hclmick, Ilickman, Hill,
Hoaid, William A. Howaid, Humphrey, Fiutclnns, iivme,
Junkm, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Ivenyon,
Killmgcr, DeWitt C. Leach, Jamus M. Leach, Leo, Long-
ncckcr, Loomis, Love)oy, I\Ia!loiy, Matston, Maynatd,
McKcan, McKmght, MciMiei<on, Millwaid, Lahan T.
Mooic, Mooihcad^ Moiriil. Edward Joy Morris, Laac N.
Moin>, NeNon, Nixon, Oli'n. Pettit, Poriei, Pottet, Pottle,
Piyor. Uuarle , Chri>tophei ilobin&on, Scianton, Sheimari,
William N. 11. Smith, Som^s, Spaulding, Spinner, Stan-
Mi, Ptcvon.*, William Stewart,Stokes, Stiatton, Tappan,
haye:,Toinpkins.Tiaiii,Tnmble, Vance, Vaudevei, Van
. k'vck, Vonee, Wade. Walton. Oadxvaladoi C. Washburn,
Elfihu Li. Wa>hburne^ Wubstci, Wclh, Wilson, Wmdom,
and Woodruff—H3.
AAYS—Allen, Avery, Barr, Bocock, Bonharn,
Butch. Bmnett, Clopton, Cobb,0o\, Jamo Ciaig, Burton
Ciaige, Oiawford, Cuny, Ditntmck, Euniundbon, Ehglit-h,
Floiencc, Garnett, Gaitrcli, Hamilton, John T. IIajiis,
Holman, Houston, William Howard, Jlughos, Jack>on,
Jonc*. Kcitt, Landsum, Lanabpo, Leake, Logan, Love,
Maclaj, Charle« D.Martin, Elbert S. Mai tin, Mrdueen,
MoRac, Montgomery, Sjdenham Moore, Niblack, Pendle-
ton, Pouon, Plielp-v". Pugn, Reagan, Ituflin, Scott, Sickles,
Simms, Singleton, William Smith, Stdilwoith, James A.
Stewart, Stout, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham,
Whitelev, and Wiight—61.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. BOTELER said: If this is for the amend-
ment, 1 vote "ay."
The SPEAKER. It is for the resolution. No
amendment was received.
Mr. BOTELER. I vote "ay," any how.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri, announced that he
had paired on all these resolutions with Mr.
Blair, of Missouri.
The fourth resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Presirientand Secretary of the Navy,
by receiving and considenng the party relations ot hinders
for contracts with the United States, and the effect of
awarding contracts upon pending election*, have set an
example dangerous to the public safety, and deserving the
repioof of this House.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. That is the res-
olution which I desire to have divided. I will
indicate the division I desire; and I will state that
the gentleman from Tennessee, who reported the
resolutions, assents to the division. Ihat reso-
lution proposes to censure not only the Secretary
of the Navy, but the President of the United
States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of or-
der. I object to debate.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. If the gentle-
man from Ohio will not interrupt me, I will indi-
cate the division I desire.
Mr. BINGHAM. I choose to interrupt the
gentleman upon a question of order; and I have
the riffln to do it. 9
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state the
division he proposes.
toil
T
W
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I was proceed-
ing to say that this resolution censures indiscrim-
inately •
Mr. BINGHAM. I object to the gentleman
proceeding. He has no right to discuss the char-
acter of this resolution.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I have the right
to inform the Chair as to the division I propose.
I say this resolution censures indiscriminately the
President of the United States and the Secretary
of the Navy. I ask that it may be so divided that
a separate vote shall be taken upon each. It seems
to me that, properly speaking, each proposition
is an entirety in itself; but, technically, perhaps
it is not; and I therefore ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to divide it.
Mr. BURNETT. These gentlemen have in-
troduced these resolutions as they please. They
have cut off all debate by the previous question;
and now I want to vote upon them as they are.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the reso-
lution istiot susceptible of division.
Mr. CLARK, of New York. I ask the unan-
imous consent of the House that it may be di-
vided.
Mr. BONHAM, Mr. LOVEJOY, and others
objected.
Mr. HUGHES. As this resolution involves a
very important question, I ask the yeas and nays
upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 106, nays 61; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Green Adams, Aldrich, Alley, William
C. Anderson, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Samuel S.
Blair, Blake, Brab^on, Bra}ton, Buffinton, Buriingame,
Butterfieid, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case, Colfax, Covode,
Curtis, H. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano,
Duell, Dunn, Edgerton, Ely, Farnsworth, Fenton, Ferry,
Foster, Frank, French, Gilmer. Gooeh, Graham. Gurlev,
Hale, Hall, J. Momson IlairH Ilaskin, Hatton, Uehnick,
Hickman, Hoard, William A Ilowaul, Hmnphrc\, Hatch-
ing, Irvine, Junkm, Fiance W Kellogj;, William Kellogg,
Ivenyon, Kilhnger, DeWitt C. LeaelV, James M. Leach,
Lee, Longneeker, Loomis Lovcjoy, Marston, Maynard,
McKeun, McKnight, McPhor-on, Millwaid, Lab;m T.
Moore, Mooihead. Morrill, Edwatd Joy Morns, 1-aac N.
Morns, Nel-on, Nixon. Olm. Pettit, Poit'M, Potter, Pott!*,
Gtuailes, Chii-topber Uobmvm, Sherman, William N. IL
Smith, Somes, Sp.uncr, Stanton, Stokos, Stiatton, Tap-
pnn, Thayer, Tonnkms Tr.mbie, Vajiee, Vandevcr, Van
W\ck, Vertee, Walton, Cadwalader O. Washburn, Ellihu
B. VVi^hbuuiit, Web^tei, Wcllh, Wilr-on, Windom, and
Woodinff— lOfi.
NAYS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Allen, Avery, Barr,
Bocock, Bonhain, Buicn, Burnett, Horace F. Clark, Clop-
ton, Cobb, John Cochiane, Cox. Buiton Craigc, Ciavvford,
Cuiry, De Jamette, Dnmmck, Edmuiubon, English, Flor-
ence, Foukc, Garnett, Gartrell, John T. Harris, Houston,
William liovv.nd, Hughes, Jackson, Jones, Kcitt, Lan-
drmn, Lairabee, Leake, Logan, Love, Maclav, Charles D.
Martin, Elbert S. Martin, McQueen, MeKac, MilLon,
Sydenham Moore, Niblaek, Pendleton, Phelps, Pugh, Rea-
gan, ttufiin, Scott. Sickle-., Simms, Singleton, William
Smith, Stallwoith, Stout. Thomas, Underwood, Vallandig-
ham, Whiteiej, and Wright—61.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Before the vote was announced,
Mr. STEWART, of Pennsylvania, announced
that he had paired off with'Mr. Stewart, of
Maryland.
Mr. PEYTON stated that he had paired off
with Mr. Train.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, proposed to report
back from the Committee of Ways and Means
the Army appropriation bill, with the amendments
of the Senate.
Mr. BONHAM and others objected.
The hour of half past four having arrived, the
House took a recess until seven o'clock
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at seven o'clock, p.m.
AMANDA BOTTS AND OTHERS.
Mr. FENTON, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported a
bill for the relief of Amanda Botts, Laura P. W.
Young, and Betsy Murdoch, heirs of Barbara
Walker; which was read a first and second time,
referred to a Committee of the Whole House,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to
be printed.
ASA HASTINGS.
Mr. FENTON also, from the some committee,
repoitcd a bill for the relief of Asa Hastings;
which was read a first and second tune, lvferied
to a'Committee of the Whole House, and, with
the accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
JACOB YATES AND OTHERS.
Mr. FENTON also, by unanimous consent,
from the same committee, to which were referred
bills of the following titles, reported the same
back without amendment, accompanied by a re-
port in writing in the first-named case:
A bill (H. R. No. 752) granting an invalid pen-
sion to Jacob Yates;
An act (S. No. 222) for the relief of Mary
Featherston, widow of John Featherston.; and
An act (S. No. 232) for the relief of Frederick
L. Colclasser.
Ordered, That the said bills be committed to a Commit-
tee of the Whole House, and that the bills and reports be
printed.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS IN NEBRASKA.
Mr. DAILY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the completion of the
public buildings in the Territory of Nebraska,
and for other purposes*, which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Patton, one of their clerks, informing the
House that the Senate had passed a resolution
(No. 43) to correct a clerical error in the act ap-
proved May 4, 1860, for the relief of Stewart
McGowan, in which he was directed to ask the
concurrence of the House.
Also, that the President of the United States
had notified the Senate that he did, this day, ap-
prove and sign bills of the following; titles:
An act (S. Wo. 426) to dissolve the Washing-
ton's Manual Labor School and Male Orphan So-
ciety of the District of Columbia, and to authorize
atransfoi ofits effects to the Columbian Institution
for the instruction of the Deaf and Dumb and the
Blind;
An act (S. No. 385) to incorporate the propri-
etors of Prospect Hill Cemetery;
An act (S. No. 202) to reimburse the corpora-
tion of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia,
a sum of money advanced towards the construc-
tion of the Little Falls bridge;
An act (S. No. 228) for the relief of Valentine
Wehrheini;
An act (S. No. 252) to incorporate the Grand
Lodge of the Independent Order of Odd Fellows
of the District of Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 261) to authorize the levy court
to issue tavern and other licenses in the District
of Columbia.
Mr. jBOYCE. I move that there be a call of
the House.
Mr. COBB. I call for tellers. By the time we
get a count, if we count very slowly, there may
be a quorum here.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would suggest that we can
ascertain whether there is a quorum hern by
taking the yeas and nays upon the last resolution
from the Committee on Naval Expenditures.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Cobb and
Fenton were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 19, noes 100.
So a call of the House was refused.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee of Ways and Moans, to
which was referred the bill of the House (N o. 305)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending 30th June, 1861, with
the amendments of the Senate thereto, reported
back the same; with a recommendation concurring
in some, and noii-concuiring in others of the said
amendments.
The bill and amendments were referred to the
Committee of the W hole on the state of the Union.
STEPHEN II. WISE3IS.
Mr. BRANCH, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported back
the petition of Stephen H. Weems, and asked
that the committee be discharged from the further
consideration thereof, and that it be laid upon the
table.
It was so ordered.
CKOKOK W. SAMSON.
Mr. DUELL- from the Committee on Revolu-
tionary Claims, reported a bill for the relief of
