1064
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gentleman
from Indianais, to postpone the further considera.-
tion of the bill for one week from to-day, without
naming; the hour.
Mr. GROW. I am opposed to the postpone-
ment, unless the bill is to come up after the morn-
ing hour.
... Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I hope the gentleman
will make no objection to my motion.
Mr. GROW. I cannot permit the committee
to take up more time than the rules allow it to
take up; for, by these postponements, one com-
mittee may absorb the* whole time.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. It would take the
same time.to-day as it will when it comes up.
Mr. GROW. Well, I cannot agree to the post-
ponement, so far as I am concerned. I move to
amend the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
by adding to it " after the morning hour." Let
us have a vote on that amendment.
Mr. HOUSTON. That motion cannot be in
order without a suspension of the rules, and I
object to it.
The SPEAKER. The motion is not in order.
Tellers were ordered on the motion of Mr.
Davis, of Indiana; and Messrs Grow and Val-
landigham were apponted.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 68, noes 51.
So the bill was postponed for one week.
COMMITTEE DISCHARGED.
On motion of Mr. HOARD, it was
Ordered, That the Committee of Claims be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition of Rudolph
J. Shoemaker, and that the same be referred to the Commit-
tee on Invalid-Tensions.
LIABILITIES OF SHIP-OWNERS.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I desire to intro-
duce a bill merely for the purpose of reference. I
hope there will be objection.
There being no objection,
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE introduced a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to limit the liability
of ship-owners, and for otherpurposes, "approved
March 3,1851; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce .
Mr. GROW. Was that bill reported from the
Committee on Public Lands ?
The SPEAKER. Tlje bill was introduced by
the gentleman from New York, by unanimous
consent, and referred.
Mr. GROW. Well, sir, I call for the regular
order of business.
TUB PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. GURLEY. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. In answer to a resolution adopted by the
House, and sent to the Committee on Public
Printing, instructing them to inquire into the
expediency of abolishing the present system of
executing the public printing, and of substituting
therefor some other system, the committee have
unanimously instructed their chairman to report
a bill providing for the public printing, binding,
engraving, and lithographing.
The bill was read a first and second time by its
title; and the Clerk was proceeding to read the
bill in extenso, when",
On motion of Mr. GURLEY, it was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. GURLEY. I have one or two remarks to
make in reference to the bill which has just been
referred. This bill is offered, sir, in response to
a resolution of this House directing the Commit-
tee on Printing to inquire into the expediency of
abolishingthe presentsystem of executing the pub-
lic printing,and substituting the "lowest-bidder"
system, and to meet the demands of the country
for a radical reform in that department of the
public service. I will not now enter into a con-
sideration of the multiplied evils of the present
system ; for they are a subject of general condem-
nation in both Houses of Congress, and among
the people at large. The recent developments at
the other end of the Capitol, the use made of the
enormous profits of printing, and the facts brought
out by various witnesses, have served to deepen
the impression in the minds of honest men of all
parties that it is our duty to adopt some plan of
public printing whereby the Government shall
have" its work well and faithfully done, with.dis-
patch and economy, and to the exclusion of all
speculation, fraud, and corruption.
The resolution which' directs our attention to the
subject suggests a plan of letting out the work to
the lowest bidder. That plan has been fully and
fairly .tested by Government, and has failed to
meet the just expectations of Congress.
It is true, there is an apparent fairness in the
lowest-bidder contract system, but the records of
the Government show that it has been worse
cheated and swindled under that system than any
other. Besides, parties who lose money on their
contracts will, and do, demand of Congress full
compensation. Two gentlemen of this city con-
tracted, several years ago, to do the public print-
ing, but alleged, when it was done, that they had
lost money, and came to Congress with a claim,
and received, by way of compensation, the sum
of §70,000.' These claims are based upon the
principle that the Government must pay its agents
honest wages, but I fear that, when some such
claims are allowed, they receive double wages. C.
Wendell received the printing by contract on the
same plan; and it was so badly done that i t has been
a question of serious consideration with the Super-
intendent of the Public Printing whether all those
works printed,by him under that contract should
not be reprinted. Other parties once took a con-
tract at twenty per cent, off from the old prices
! established in 1819; and they came to Congress
1 for compensation, and received §52,000.
Boyd Hamilton took the contract for the print-
ing of one Congress, under the system of letting
it out to the lowest bidder, and broke down before
the middle of the first session. Congress took
the contract from him, and then was adopted the
present law upon the subject of the public print-
ing. Experience, therefore, as I have shown, has
demonstrated that if persons take contracts for the
public printing at a lower rate than they can af-
ford,-somebody or some parties are bound to be
cheated—either the Government or those who ex-
ecute the work. Ordinarily, it will be very poorly
done; it/will be slow of execution; and if losses
are sustained by contractors, they are sure to
come before Congress, and persist in a demand for
compensation; and a good deal more than a fair
compensation is generally asked, and often al-
lowed.
In view of these facts, the question arises, why
should not the Government do, by its own au-
thorized agents—the principal ones already in
office—the whole work, promptly and well, and
at honest cost ? Why should Congress be besieged
and importuned every other year, fgr,weeks and
months, by scores of applicants for the place of
Public Printer? Why should so much valuable
time be lost in the attempt (as was the fact this
year) to elect one, not only to the great injury of
the public service, but of public morals also, and to
the disgust of the whole country ? I am confident,
sir, that, on the general plan of this bill, the sav-
ing to the Government in the cost of printing
will be from fifty to .one hundred thousand dollars
per year; and taking the present session of Con-
gress as a test, the gain in the promptitude of its
execution, anil the saving of time on the part of
this body, will be worth half as much more.
But I will not now discuss the general subject of
public printing. I offer these suggestions, with
a view to call special attention to the provisions
of the bill before the House.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand what the gen-
tleman from Ohio has said is a report from his
committee.
Mr. GURLEY. Notat all; theyare my own
comments.
Mr. HOUSTON. At what time is it intended
that the bill shall go into operation ?
Mr. GURLEY. As soon as it is adopted, so
far as certain portions of the public printing are
concerned.
Mr. HOUSTON. What portion?
Mr. GURLEY. The printing of the Execu-
tive Departments, bureaus, &c.
Mr. HOUSTON. I understand, then, that the
bill which the gentleman has just reported pro-
poses no immediate change, except so far as the
printing of the Executive Departments is con-
cerned. I desire to know what that bill proposes
in relation to the binding?
Mr. GURLEY. The whole subject can be dis-
cussed and explained in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union. I do not pro-
pose to go into any discussion at this time.
•Ms. HOUSTON. That is true; but the gen-
tleman from Ohio can, nevertheless, answer my
question. I \jnderstand him to say that his bill
only proposes immediate action in relation to the
printing of the Departments. Now, what I want
to know is, when and how his bill is intended to
effect the binding, the engraving, the lithograph-
ing, and the printing of Congress?
Mr. GURLEY. The bill will be printed, and
the gentleman can then examine it for himself.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman declines to
answer my question.
Mr. GURLEY. There is no concealment in
relation to the matter. The bill will be printed,
and placed in the hands of every member of the
House.
Mr. GROW. I call for the previous question
upon referring the bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union before the gentleman from Ohio com-
menced his remarks. The remarks of the gen-
tleman would not have been in order, if any one
had objected.
STENOGRAPHER TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. HASKIN. I rise to a privileged question.
I am instructed by the Committee on Public Ex-
penditures to report the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expenditures
be, and they arc hereby, authorized to employ a person to
act as clerk and stenographer to said committee.
Mr. HASKIN. I ask for the adoption of that
resolution, and call for the previous question
upon it.
Mr. BURNETT. How does that resolution
come before the House ? It is no question of
privilege.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the Committee on Public Expenditures were au-
thorized by the House to report at any time.
Mr. BURNETT. They were authorized to
report upon such matters as were referred to
them; but not upon such a matter as the employ-
ment of a stenographer. Why, sir, the commit-
tee has not had a meeting, as I understand, for
years, until during the present session.
Mr. HASKIN. The gentleman will permit me
to say, in reply, that the Committee on Public
Expenditures have had the matter of the public
printing referred to them, with instructions to in-
quire into the abuses connectcd with it, to pro-
pose reforms, &c. In pursuance of that special
reference, the committee have, for the last week,
been examining witnesses, and have had the ser-
vices of a stenographer, without whom it would
be impossible for them to investigate the abuses
and accomplish the objects they are expectcd to
attain.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw his demand for the
previous question, and allow me to offer an amend-
ment enlarging the powers of that committee, and
instructing them to inquire into the letting out of
the binding by the Committee on Printing during
the present session of Congress.
Mr. HASKIN. I have no objection to that, if
the gentleman will propose it at some other time.
I do not care to connect it with this resolution.
Mr. BURNETT. I think it will not embar-
rass the resolution of the gentleman. I should
like very much to know how the binding for the
present session has been let out by the Commit-
tee on Printing.
Mr. HINDMAN. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his demand for the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to allow my amendment to come
in, so that they may have the whole subject of
printing, binding, and engraving before them, to
be acted upon by them at one and the same time.
Mr. HASKIN. I suppose that that committee
may, under the general power conferred upon it,
inquire into that subject without the motion of the
gentleman from Kentucky.
Mr. BURNETT. Then it will not embarrass
the gentleman from New York, nor will it em-
barrass the committee, to put it in. If he wants
the country to know the truth, if he desires that
they shall know whether or not there have been
corruptions, why does he shrink from an inves-
tigation into this question ?
