1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
■were suspended; and the Committee of the Whole
House was discharged from the further consider-
ation of the bill.
During the vote,
Mr. BRANCH stated that he had been confined
at his room during the day on account of indis-
position; hence he had not voted on the resolu-
tions in regard to the Navy Department.
Mr. CAMPBELL stated that Mr. Babbitt was
detained at home by indisposition. _ _
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, made a similar
statement with respect to Mr. Jenkins.
Mr. KEITT stated that he was paired with Mr.
jcllgo
Mr. BRANCH stated that he was paired for
the rest of the evening with Mr. Walton.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. BURLINGAME moved the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the bill was read the third time.
Mr. BURLINGAME moved the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under its operation,
the bill was passed.
Mr. BURLINGAME moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. GURLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report the following reso-
lution; and on it I move the previous question:
Resolved, That there be punted, in addition to the usual
number, two hundred and fifteen thousand extra copies of
the report of the Commissioner of Patents on agriculture
for tile year 1859 ; fifteen thousand of which shall be for dis-
tribution by the Interior Department, and two hundred
thousand for the u e of the House of Representatives.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. I move to amend
the resolution, by increasing the number to three
hundred thousand.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in or-
der during the call for the previous question.
Mr. PHELPS. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to modify his resolution, by making the num-
ber one hundred and fifteen thousand.
Mr. GURLEY. I accept the amendment sug-
gested by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Clark.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in or-
der to modify a report from a committee.
Mr. HOUSTON. I raise the point of order
that the report of a committee is made by order
of the majority of the committee, and cannot be
modified by any member. It can only be accom-
plished by a regular amendment, offered and
adopted by the House.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Tho Chair has
already decided that point.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to withdraw the call for the previous ques-
tion till he can inform the House how many copies
of this report were printed last year.
Mr. GURLEY. I am very willing to-answer
anyquestion. [Cries of " Question !"] I am per-
fectly willing to withdraw the previous question
to enable the gentleman from Missouri to offer his
amendment.
Mr. BURNETT. I rise to a point of order.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. Then I move to
amend, by increasing the number to three hundred
and fifteen thousand copies; and on that I move
the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I rose to a question of order,
and the Chair heard me. [Calls to order.] The
Chair is very certain not to recognize me till he
decides the question. [Continued calls to order.]
I rise to a question of order, and am addressing
the Chair; and you [addressing the Republican
side of the House] keep quiet. I have a right,
when I rise and address the Speaker, whether it be
tho regular or a pro tempore Speaker, to be heard.
The question of order which 1 desired to make
was, that the gentleman from Ohio could not yield
the floor to the gentleman from Missouri, except
by unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER?™ tempore. The Chair under-
stood the gentleman from Ohio to yield the floor.
The Chair" then recognized the gentleman from
Missouri, who moved an amendment, and there-
upon called the previous question. The Chair
then recognized the gentleman from Kentucky.
The question is, Shall the previous question be
seconded ?
Mr. BURNETT. I want the Chair to state
the fact3. The Chair propounded to the gentle-
man from Ohio the question, as to whether he
yielded the floor; and the very moment he did it
1 rose to a question of order, knowing that the
gentleman's object was to enable the amendment
to be offered.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HUGHES. What was the number printed
heretofore?
Mr. GURLEY. Two hundred and ten thou-
sand.
Mr. CLARK, of Missouri. And we never had
enough.
Mr. BRANCH called for the yeas and nays on
the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 96, nays 67; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ald-
rich, Allen, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Bing-
ham, Samuel S. Blair, Blake, Bpteler, Bouhgny, tirabson,
Brayton, Buffinton, Burhngame, Burnham, Butterfieid,
Campbell, Carter, John B. Clark, Cox, Cuitis, H. Winter
Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edwards, Eliot, Ely,
Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fenlon, Florence, Foster, Fouke,
Frank, French, Gilmer, Gurley, Hale, Hall, J. Morrison
Hariis, Haslan, Hatton, Helmick, Dolman, Hulchms, Ir-
vine, Junkin, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Ken-
yon, Kilhtiger, Tjarrabee, James M. Leach, Lee, Loomis,
Marston, Maynard, McKcan, MeKnight, MePlierson, Mill-
ward, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Edward Joy Morris,
Morse, Nelson, Nixon, Perry, Pettit, Porter, Pottle,Quarles,
Christopher Itobmson, Royce, Sedgwick, Singleton, Wil-
liam N. H. Smith,William Stewart, Stokes, Stiatton, Tap-
pan, Theakcr, Tumble, Vallandigham, Vandever, Wade,
Walton, Cadwalader C. Washburn, Eliihu B.Washburne,
Webster, Woodruff, and Woodson—-96.
NAYS—Messis. Avery, Barksdale, Barr,Bcalc, Francis
P. Blair, Bonham, Boyce. Branch, Buggs, Bristow, Butch,
Burnett, Clopton, Cobb, John Coehiane, Colfax, James
Craig, Burton Craige, Crawlord, John G. Davis, Edgerton,
English, Feny, Gartrell, Grow, John T. Hairis, Hoairt,
Houston, William A. Huwaid, Jackson, Jones, Landuun,
DeWittC. Leach, Lozan, Love, Maclay, Elbert S. Martin,
McQueen, Millsou, Sydenham Mooie, Morrill, Nibiack,
Phelps, Pryor, Reagan, Riggs. Iluffin, Rust, Scott, Sherman,
Sirnrns, Spinner, Stalhvorth, Stanton, Stevenson, James
A. Stewart, Stout,Taylor.Tiiomas,Tompkins, Unclei wood,
Verree, Wells, Whiteley, Wilson, Wiuslow, and Wright
—67.
So the amendment was agreed to.
During the roll-call,
Mr. CLARK, of New York, stated that he had
paired off with Mr. Stevens, of Pennsylvania.
Mr. BARKSDALE stated that he had paired
off with Mr. Royce. If he had been able to vote
he should have voted against the last two resolu-
tions reported from the Committee ort Expend-
itures in the Navy Department.
Messrs. DE JARNETTE and LEAKE stated
that, if they had been within the bar when their
names were called, they would havevotcd "no."
The result of the vote having been announced,
as above recorded,the question recurred onagree-
ing to the resolution as amended.
Mr. WHITELEY demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 102, nays 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adains, Aid-
rich, Alley, William C. Anderson, Ashley, Bingham, Sam-
uel S. Blair, Blake, Buteler, Bouligny, Biabson, Biayton,
Bristow, Buffinton, Burlingame, Burnham, Butteifield,
Campbell, Carter, John B. Clark, Covode, Cox, Cuitis, II.
Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes, Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edgerton, Eliot, Ely, Etheridge, Farnsworth, Fen-
ton, Florence, Foster, Fouke, Fiank, French, Gilmer,
Grow, Guiley, Hale, Hall, llaskin, Hatton, Helmick, Hoi-
man, William Howard, Irvine, Junkm, Francis W. Kcl-
loga, William Kellogg, Kenyon, Ivillinger, Larrabee, De-
Witt C. Leaeh, James M. Leach, Lee, Loonus, Marston,
Chaiies D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McKnigllt,
McFheison, Milhvard, Laban T. Moore, Moorhead, Edward
Joy Morris, Morse. Nelson, Nixon, Pendleton, Perry. Pettit,
Porter, Pottle, duailes, Royce, Scott, Sedgwick, Singleton,
William N. H. Smith, William Stewart, Stokes, Stratton,
Thayer, Theaker, Tompkins, Trimble, Vallandigham, Van-
dever Verree, Wade, Cadwalader C. Washburn, EllihuB.
Washburne, Webstei, Woodruff, and Woodson—102.
NAYS—Messis. Avery, Barksdale, Barr, Beale, Boeock,
Bonhain Boyee, Biiggs, Burcll, Burnett, Clopton, Cobb,
Colfax, James Craig, Burton Ciaige, Crawfoid, De Jar-
nctte English, Gallreli, Hamilton, John T. Harris, Hoard,
Houston, VVilliam A Howard. Hughes, Humphrey, Jack-
son Jones, Lamar, Landrum, Leake, Logan, Love, Mc-
Queen Millson, Sydenham Moore, Morrill, Nibiack,
pbelps, Pryor, Reagan, Riggs, Ruffin, Rust, Sherman, Sick-
les, Simms, Spinner Stallworth, Stevenson, James A.
Stewart, Stout, Taylor, Thomas, Underwood, Wells,
Whiteley, Wilson, WitisJow, and Wright—60.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF SMITHSONIAN REPOBT.
Mr. GURLEY. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That there be printed five thousand extra cop-
ies of the report of the Smithsonian Institution—three
thousand for the use of the members of the House of Rep-
resentatives, anil two thousand for the use of said Institu-
tion.
That is the usual number. X move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof, the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table,.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF COAST SURVEY REPORT.
Mr. GURLEY. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report the following
resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed live thousand extracoptes
of the report of the Superintendent of the Coast Survey for
the year 1859; three thousand of which shall be for distri-
bution by said Superintendent, and two thousand for the
use of the members of 'the House.
That is half the usual number. I move the
previous question
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. THOMAS demanded the yeas and nays
on agreeing to the resolution.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GURLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPORT OF LIEUTENANT IVES.
Mr. GURLEY. I am also instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report the following
resolution:
Jtccolred, That there be printeif, forthe use of the House,
five thousand copies, m addition to the usual number, of
the report of-First Lieutenant J. O. Ives, topographical
engineers, upon the exploiationofthe river Colorado of the
West, with the maps accompanying said report; and that
five hundred copies be printed for the use of the command-
ing officer of the expedition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
lay that resolution on the table.
A Member. How much will that work cost?
Mr. GURLEY. Here is an explanatory letter.
Let it be read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I insist on
my motion; and no reading is in order.
The question was taken; and the motipn was
agreed to.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
CHANGE OF VENUE.
Mr. SICKLES obtained the floor.
Mr. MILLWARD. I rise to a question of
privilege.
Mr. SICKLES. I am entitled to the floor.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman
from New York is entitled to the floor, but the
gentleman from Pennsylvania has the right tostate
his question of privilege.
Mr. MILLWARD. I call up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which House bill No. 814
was referred to the Committee of the "Whole on
the state of the Union. ^
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is of
opinion that that is not such a question of priv-
ilege as would entitle the gentleman to take the
floor from the gentleman from New York. The
motion to reconsider may be called up at any time
when the gentleman has the floor for that purpose,
but the floor cannot be taken from another gen-
tleman.
Mr. SICKLES. I ask the consent of the House
to discharge the Committee of the Whole on the
