1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4#
that he may show innocence of the charge. I am
only showing what was the condition and cir-
cumstances in which the Representatives of the
southern States met these gentlemen here upon
the floor of the House.
Well, sir, no sooner do we meet here upon this
floor, than, through the agency and industry of the
press of the country, there is disclosed a circular
foreshadowing the very events which were con-
summated upon the soil of Virginia, proscribing
southern slaveholders, socially, politically, and
religiously, sowingfirebrands and arrows, discord
and death throughout the land; and we find it with
your signatures attached to it and yourselves rec-
ommending it.
I ask, if there was not occasion for sensibility ?
I ask you, if there was not a propriety and litness
in invoking a disclaimer from that part of the
House ? The gentlemen who now bears the ban-
ner of that party says they have said nothing,
but hare " presetved a studied silence." Ay,
air! you have. You understand the policy of a
wise and a masterly inactivity ! [Applause.1 You
know tlftre are occasions when the truth not
spoken, which ought to be spoken, will pierce
like an arrow, and rankle like poison. [Renewed
applause.] And you observed this studied silence
because you knew that from it m future would
spring forth hateful and discordant utterances.
That, sir, is the secret of that studied silence. I
commend the policy of the gentlemen; but, sir,
it will not avail you. We will have an explicit
avowal upon this and upon other subjects.
Well, sir, with these facts palpably and unde-
niably confessed, written upon every newspaper,
a resolution is introduced, giving gentlemen an
opportunity for disclaiming the treasonable utter-
ances of that pamphlet. How is it received?
Why, with that same freedom of manners which
they claim for their principles—with a guffaw,
with uncourteous and indecent laughter.
What follows ? Under one of the most able
and solemn appeals 1 have ever listened to, when
the gentleman from Virginia [Mr. Mh.ls.on] had
called attention to the fact that they had#u-t this
call with contemptuous silence, they still re-
sponded with laughter; and these were the circum-
stances, and these the positions in which this con-
troversy stood, up to the moment in which the
gentleman from Ohio took the iloor. One gentle-
man, to whom I have already alluded, said wo
had brought the negro ill here, and that he must
be put out. Let us see you do it? [Applause.]
Sir, there are twenty members from the South
standing upon this floor by virtue of the negro,
not as property, but as " persons not free." Put
them out, will you? Sir, your fathers and my
fathers did not put the negro out. They put him
as an institution, of property, and of society, and
of government, in the Constitution which you
gentlemen swore to support. [Applause.] They
did more thai that. They put in that Constitu-
tion, which you swore to support, a clause making
it the duty of Congress to suppress insurrection;
and when you signed your name to a document
which encouraged and incited servile insurrection,
you did it in the teeth of an oath to suppress
insurrection. [Applause.] That is not all. That
same Constitution makes it your duty to return
the negro to his owner, even when he escapes into
your own hireling State. Not only that, that
same Constitution, framed by your fathers and
my fathers in a lofty spirit of enlarged patriotism,
also made the institution of slavery part and parcel
of this Federal Government. It now holds here
titles to this floor, and is an important element of
Federal power by virtue of that intrument. Put
the nesro out at your peril! No, sir, it cannot
be done. We of the South, under the necessities
of our position, see what is our missiom Re-
garding that Constitution as the instrument of
our protection, we are determined to maintain its
sacred compromises. _ You being a majority, and
looking upon it as an instrument of restraint upon
your power, have taken issue with the Constitu-
tion and are attempting to throw off its restrictions.
That is the light between us; and we are ready
to meet it here. [Applause upon the flooi and in
the galleries.]
Mr. Clerk, it is not my purpose to discuss tile
question of disunion upon this floor. I have no
desire to discompose the nerves of any of those
timid gentlemen to whom the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] referred yester-
day. I know that it was spoken in irony. I know
these gentlemen are by no means timid. From
the bottom of my heart 1 believe that your object
is to drive us to disunion, and I have lie idea that
the intrepid gentleman from Pennsylvania will
feci the slightest apprehension. No, sir. I al-
most tremble for the South when I recollect that
the opposing forces will be led."by the distin-
guished hero of the buckshot war. [Great laugh-
ter and applause.] Whatever may be the re-
sult, however gloomy the catastrophe, his sal-
tatory accomplishments will enable him to leap
out of any difficulty in which he may he involved.
[Laughter and applause.] We have talked about
secession in the South sometimes, and I would
desire to take thegentleman down into my State to
give my people a practical illustration of peace-
able secessions; for I understand that he gave, in a
conspicuous way, a practical illustration of that
doctrine upon a certain memorable occasion.
[Laughter.] On that point, then, I have nothing to
say. All I desire to .say,Mr. Clerk, is that for one
I am no disunionist per se. I am devoted to the
Constitution of this Union, and so long as this
Republic is a great tolerant Republic, throwing
its loving arms around both sections of tho coun-
try, I, for one, will bestow every talent which
God has given me for its promotion and its
glory. [Applause.] Sir, if there is one idea
touching merely human affairs, which gives me
more of mental exultation than another, it is the
conception of this grand Republic, this great
Union of sovereign States, holding millions of
brave, resolute men, in peace and order, not by
brute force, not by standing armies, indeed by
no visible embodiment of Jaw, but by the silent
omnipotence of one great, grand thought—the
Constitution of the United Slates. [Applause.]
That Constitution is the life and soul of this
great Government. Put out that light, and where
is " that Promethean heat which can its light
relume." That is our platform. We stand upon
it. Wo intend to abide by it and to maintain it,
and we will submit to no persistent violation of
its provisions. I do not say it for any purpose
of menace, but for the purpose of defining my
own position. When it is violated, persistently
violated, when its spirit is no longer observed
upon this floor—I war npon your government;
1 am against it. I raise then the banner of seces-
sion, and I will fight under it as long as the
blood flows and ebbs in my veins. [Applause.]
But, sir, these gentlemen have assured us that
when they signed that document inciting to in-
surrection, they did not know what was in it; and
that they had no intention of indorsing its senti-
ments. That document emanated from a man by
the name of Helper. Two years ago it was made
the basis of an argument in the Senate Chamber,
by a distinguished United States Senator. Its
facts were controverted and the character of the
author was held up to derision and scorn by a
Senator from North Carolina. The discussion in
reference to that book was one of tho most pro-
nounced features of that stormy session. Why,
sir, it was the occasion of a brutal and violent as-
sault upon this floor upon the person of a mem-
ber of this House. Yet gentlemen, on the face of
these notorious facts indorse him in ilank. They
indorse all that he could say and all that he might
say. I, sir, honor them for repairing the mis-
chief to the extent that they have; but, sir, it
comes too late for the victims of the Harper's
Ferry tragedy. That was the logical and practi-
cal carrying out of your recommendation. He
doubtless read it. Yours was the mere idea, but
Brown's raid into Virginia was the practical illus-
tration of that idea. He crystalized that idea into
action. You may now got up and say that you
did not know what you were signing, but it will
not reach the dull, cold ear of John Brown and
his associates, who now fill felons' graves. ^ You
cannot, by that disclaimer, call back into life the
men who were shot down like wild beasts in the
streets Of Harper's Ferry; and I call upon you,
gentlemen, now to rise and answer, in the name
of God, are you guiltless of the blood of John
Brown and his co-conspirators, and the innocent
men the victims of his ruthless vengeance. No,
sir, you cannot.
But you assure us, notwithstanding your in-
dorsement, you intend not to violate a single right
of southern citizens; that you do not intend to
come in conflict with a single constitutional right
'■$£rthe southern people or of the southern States.
The gentleman from Ohio made that declaration,
and the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kellogg]
asserted, with his usual and characteristic impet-
uosity, that any man who dared to charge upon,
any one of his constituents a desire to interfere
with a single constitutional right of southern peo-
ple, belied them. Now, sir, I have this to an-
swer: John Brown would have said precisely the
same thing; he did say, I am told, that he did not,
intend to interfere with a single constitutional right
of any southern man. Fortunately for the South
our constitutional rights are not to be graduated
by your prostituted standard of constitutional
law. Now, I appeal to gentlemen right here, to
know what do you mean when you say you will
not interfere with our constitutional rights? Do
you mean our rights as you understand them ?
Where is the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Kel-
logg,] with whom I have in times past been on
agreeable terms of courtesy? The ingenuous
manner with which he spoke this morning in-
duces me to interrogate him a little further.   Is it
not the purpose of your party to bring to bear all
the machinery of this Government, the execu-
tive, thejudiciary—by remodeling it ifnecessary—
and the legislative, to strike with its congressional
arm the institutions of the southern States from
the Territories of the Union ? I ask you that; and
I ask you if you do not know that when you strike
slavery from the Territories you have taken the
initial and most decisive step towards the destruc-
tion of slavery in the States? You know that
that is your policy; and if there is any difference
between you and John Brown, the difference is
between the impetuous charge of the rude Cos-
sack and the stealthy operation of the sapper and
miner. Why cannot I get a response to that
question ?
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I made what I
supposed would be a clear, distinct, and unqual-
ified statemant of my views in relation to slavery
in the Territories. I will make it again if the
gentleman desires it. I stated that in the States
slavery was a matter of their own. I believe it
to be a State institution—not a national institu-
tion. As a State institution, I treat it as such,
for the Constitution recognizes it as a right. Be-
yond the limits ef a State, the institution finds no
warrant in the Constitution; and, believing as I
do, that it is a moral, social, and political wrong,
I said then, and I say now, that, with all consti-
tutional power, I will resist its aggression. [Ap-
plause and hisses in tho gallery.] These hisses
and applauses in the gallery are all immaterial to
me, and I know it is to the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi; and I remark here that I and the gen-
tlemen from Mississippi, I doubt not, between
whom and myself have been social relations of a
friendly character, both desiro that these mani-
festations shall cease upon either side.
Mr. LAMAR. I have no feeling whatever in
this controversy. All I want—and I know I shall
got an explicit, unqualified, and distinct avowal
from the gentleman—is to know whether you are
not in favor of exerting the power of the Gov-
1 ernment, and especially of Congress, to exclude
j slavery from the Territories m order that there
may be no more slave States.
I Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Before the coun-
I try and my God, I declare my desire that tho
! blighting curse of slavery should never extend
! beyond the States in which it is. As a State in-
! atitution you have it, and you can perpetuate it
\ in your State, and I pledge you we will not in-
terfere with it. Is the answer explicit? If it is
S not, I will endeavor to make it so.
! Mr. LAMAR. I have no doubt the want of
explicitness in the answer is owing to my own
, vagueness m putting the question. I acquit the
J gentleman of any intentional effort to evade an
I answer. He now, as I understand, asserts that
I it is the desiro of his party that slavery should
not extend beyond the limits of the States in
j which it now exists. The question to which I
j desire to direct his attention is, whether he does
I not intend to accomplish that desire by exerting
I all the power of the Government to exclude sla-
| very from the Territories belonging to the Union.'
| Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. In every consti-
! tutional way, I do.
i Mr. LAMAR. i ask the gentleman if he docs
I not believe that the passage of an act excluding
1 slavery ft om theTerritories is a constitutional way?
