1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2009
and "homes to the homeless." Is there a man in
Mississippi landless that is worthy of having land ?
I ask him,is there a man in Mississippi homeless
who is worthy of having a home? When you un-
dertake to give land to the landless and homes to
the homeless, from whom do you take? It looks
very kind when you talk about bestowing benefits;
but from whom do you take the fund from which
you bestow these benefits? It is my land, sir,
and it is your land; and it is sought to take our
land to give it to men who never earned a dollar
in their life, and never will. You propose to take
my property and give it to them. Is that right?
Have you the power to do it? Have you the
right to do it, morally, legally, and socially? If
you divided the property of the United States
to-day to the people per capita, it would, perhaps,
average about three hundred and fifty dollars to
every man. If you were to pass a law to thus
divide it out, you would destroy immense rights
which have been acquired by industry,enterprise,
and energy. At the end of three more years you
would have the same diversity of wealth and
ability that you now find; and the Senator from
Mississippi and the Senator from Minnesota
might say, we must divide out again. Now, I
ask, if you are going to act on that principle, do
you not destroy all incentive to energy, enterprise,
and industry. Any Government that undertakes
to act upon the principle of dividing out property,'
by voting lands, and voting money, or anything
else, will destroy the foundations of society.
Government is for protection, to secure all in the
enjoyment of their rights; to take from none what
they have lawfully acquired. Under this bill some
good men avail themselves of its benefits, and the
same is true of every bill. I speak of its general
bearing; and I say, that it is adverse to the true
interests of the country.
Mr. HUNTER. If I understand it, there is a
proposition before the Senate that we take the
vote on those amendments that are uncontested,
and then let the bill go over till to-morrow, when
the vote can be taken on the amendment offered
by the Senator from Minnesota. If so, I do not
see why we may not now take the votes on the
amendments that are not contested, and then ad-
journ.
Mr. BROWN. We can, at least, take the vote
on those not contested.
Mr. GREEN. I object to any vote at all,
until to-morrow.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; but I ask for a vote
on all the amendments, except the amendment of
the Senator from Minnesota.
Mr. RICE. I wish to ask my friend from Mis-
sissippi, as he is much better acquainted with the
rules than I am, if, by acquiescing in the arrange-
ment which he proposes, my amendment becomes
anyweaker? Ifitstandsinthe same position it does
now, I shall cheerfully consent to his suggestion.
Mr. BROWN. It cannot at all interfere with
the Senator's rights in regard to his amendment.
I understand that we have made some half a
dozen amendments to this bill in Committee of the
Whole. All of them have been reported to the
Senate, and we have now reached the point of
voting upon them. There is one contested 
Mr. GREEN". Every one is contested.
Mr. BROWN. I propose to except the one
that is contested, and adopt the rest.
Mr. GREEN. Let them all go over. I object
to any of these compromises.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Mr. President,
I believe, and would say, in all frankness to the
otherside, who resist any adjournment at all, that
it is but the part of fairness, in an attempt at
wise legislation, that they should not force the Sen-
ate now, thin as it undoubtedly is, to vote on a
contested point; and there is but one such that is
before us. If forced to do it now, I shall vote
against all the amendments, though 1 trust I may
not be. I think it is but the part of fairness that
the Senate should be allowed to have an oppor-
tunity to express its full voice upon the one con-
tested amendment here—an amendment which
does change the whole character of the bill, and
which, before we are forced to submit to it, I shall
feel compelled to mark out and distinctly to de-
fine, in order that I may be justified before those
to whom I have hereafter to account. I cannot
eveu let it go to-night without doing that, though
throughout the day I have sought to open my
mouth as seldom as possible.
The proposition made by the Senator from Mis-
sissippi is a fair proposition on the part of those
who do notwanttothrowunnecessaryobstruction
in the way of action. What is now asked by him
is nothing more than what is due to us and due to
the subject—that we shall have a full Senate when
we vote upon this contested amendment. There
are several Senators, who were here when this
contest commenced, who have gone away with the
expectation that notl^ng would or could be done
to-night. Are there any here who wish to perpe-
trate upon the country a measure which they know
does not reflect the voice of the body? i do not
think that the Senators upon the other side can
feel that way; and I sincerely hope that thev will
now consent to an adjournment, and not fix to-
morrow, at half past three o'clock, for this bill; for
to-morrow, at half past three, we shall have gone
through with a serious debate that in all probabil-
ity will elicit feelings still more serious, and we
shall be in no condition whatever to take up this
bill and consider it with that earnestness which it
really demands at our hands. Half past three
o'clock to-morrow will be no time for us to com-
mence the consideration of this bill; and if we are
going to pass the bill, or to dispose of it finally,
on the same day that we take it up, its considera-
tion ought to be commenced at one o 'clock. I
therefore suggest to the Senator from Mississippi
that he propose to fix it for the day after to-mor-
row. That is private bill day, it is true; but the
Senate has denied to private claimants, and will
deny to them, no fair opportunity of being heard;
but when a serious matter of great public import
is before us, one private bill day surely will not
be denied us, and ought not to bo, for legislative
purposes. If we take up this bill at one o'clock
on the day after to-morrow, there will then be time
for its consideration; gentlemen will be dispassion-
ate, calm, cool, and prepared to consider it, and
to go on with it. It is but due from the other side
to themselves, and due to this side, and to the en-
tire Senate, I think, that they should grant an ex-
tension for that time by an adjournment now, with
that understanding. 1 hope we shall not be forced
to another vote this evening.
Mr. BROWN. I had hoped that we might
have taken the vote, as I suggested once or twice,
on the uncontested amendments to this bill; dis-
pose of them, get them out of the way, to which
I think there ought to be no objection anywhere.
Then leave the contested amendment and the final
action upon the bill to some future day, to-morrow,
or the next day, or the day after, or some day
next week. I see no reason why we should met
at least dispose of the uncontested amendments
this evening. The bill has been considered as in
Committee of the Whole; has been reported to the
Senate with some half a dozen or more amend-
ments, to which, as I understand, there is no ob-
jection except in a single case. Let us dispose of
that much of it, any way.
Now, in reply to my friend from Arkansas, 1
will say that a moment ago I went across to the
Republican side and suggested the precise idea
which he has just now laid before the Senate, that
wo adjourn this question until the day after to-
morrow; but from that side I learned, what will
doubtless be said by Republican Senators, that on
that day several of them propose to leave the city
for Chicago to attend their convantion. Our
friends have taken time to go away to attend to
our convention, and the same courtesy must be
allowed to them; so that if we do not act on the
bill to-morrow, it must necessarily go over until
after the adjournment of the Chicago convention.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. 1 shall certainly
never seek to take an advantage of tliem.
Mr. BROWN. I know my friend would not;
I know the magnanimity of his disposition; but
that is the category in which we stand; that is
the reason why, as I learned informally, the Re-
publican Senators were anxious to have a vote
this evening. To-morrow has been already as-
signed to the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Doug-
las,] and he never speaks without stirring up a
sort of general commotion. There will be replies
to his speech; and to talk about taking a vote
to-morrow on anything is simply ridiculous. I
have no more idea of what he is going to say than
anybody else; but he will undoubtedly make a
speech that will elicit reply from some quarter,
and you will get no vote on this or any other
proposition to-morrow. Then on Friday, I un-
derstand, the Republican Senators propose to leave
for Chicago. That necessarily will postpone the
question until next week.
Now, what I propose is this: at this "hour of
the evening it is perfectly evident that we are not
going to get a vote on this bill, aijd there is no use
of staying here and torturing ourselves. Can we
not now come to an understanding to take the vote
on the amendments about which there is no con-
test, and bring the question down simply to the
amendment moved by the Senator from Minne-
sota, and to the passage of the bill, and postpone
these two questions until some day in the coming
week, when we may agree to take up the bill and
dispose of it finally, auer the Chicago convention
shall be over? Does not that suit the Senator
from Ohio ?
Mr. WADE. I must confessto a little surprise
at the manner and spirit in which this proposition
has been met. If this were a new measure, of the
first impression, involving the great interests of
the country, by which gentlemen on the other side
were altogether taken by surprise, they could not
manifest a spirit of opposition more intense and
hostile than they have on this occasion. Now,
sir, what is the proposition? There is nothing
before us embraced in the original bill, or con-
tained in any amendment, but what I suppose is
perfectly understood by every Senator upon this
floor; or if Senators do not understand it, it is be-
cause tliey have been most culpably inattentive
to the bill itself.
First, there was the bill of the House of Repre-
sentatives; and I may go back further than that.
"I have been in the Senate now nine years, and I
believe at every session a homestead bill, as it is
called, similar in its principles to this—differing,
perhaps, in some of its provisions, but not very
essentially—has passed the House of Representa-
tives after serious debate there, has been brought
into this body for consideration, and has been
stifled in hostile committees; or if it has been per-
mitted to see the light of day in this body, has
been choked down by n proceeding such as is no w
attempted, so that heretofore we never have been
able to get a vote upon it. How was it at the last
Congress? The bill came from the House of Rep-
resentatives, and those of us who were its friends
endeavored, during half the session, to bring it
before this body, and barely to get a vote upon
it 
Mr. GREEN. What bill was that?
Mr. WADE. The homestead bill of the House
of that year, very similar to the present one.
Mr. GREEN. Will you explain what you
mean by a homestead bill?
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to be interrupted
by the Senator.
Mr. GREEN. I demand an answer.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio has the floor.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, these bills have
been perfectly understood by everybody. I speak
of the one that came from the House during the
last Congress, and I say its friends moved to take
it up, and we were met by a proposition to vote
into the hands of the President $30,000,000 as an
initiatory step toward^ the acquisition of the
island of Cuba; and we struggled upon those
propssitions during one whtjle nigBt.
In considering these bills,"as often as they have
been up here, I do not believe that in that whole
period I have spent three quarters of an hour in
debate; and on the present bill I have not occu-
pied fifteen minutes of the time of the Senate in
debate. I have listened to others. I have en-
deavored to persuade the friends of the bill to
withhold any remarks on it, or to do so as much
as possible, believing that discussion on our part
would conduce to no valuable result, but would
simply consume time. We only wish an honest
and honorable vote upon it.
How are we met? What is the provision in
this bill that has made all this disturbance ? It is
one taken almost literally out of the House bill
and ingrafted upon this—one, in my judgment,
of the greatest importance, designed to relieve a
large class of people. Every man acquainted
with the suffering condition of the settlers in the
remote wilderness in the West, who have gone
on your lands there to preempt them, knows that
recently, on account of the financial revulsion,
they have been entirely unable to meet your de-
mands, and the Government stands, like an inex-
