1860.
- THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1065
Mr. HASKIN. Let me say to the gentleman
from Kentucky that I do not shrink from any
investigation.
Mr. BURNETT. Then withdraw the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. HASKIN. I will not, upon a mere formal
resolution for the employment of a stenographer
by the committee of which I have, the honor to
be the chairman, allow the question to arise as to
whatnew subjects of investigation shallbereferred
to that committee. I therefore insist on my call
for the previous question.
Mr. BURNETT. I want the Chair to decide
whether, under the order referring to that com-
mittee an investigation into the public printing,
that committee is authorized to report to this
House a resolution for the employment of a ste-
nographer as a privileged question.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that, under
the practice which has been held here, it may be
done.
Mr. BURNETT. That is a strange practice,
then, and ought to be changed. *'
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BURNETT. I demand the yea8 and nays
011 the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BARKSDALE. I would like to know
what objection there is to th6 employment of a
stenographer, when the committee desires and
requires one ?
Mr. BURNETT. I do not think that the com-
mittee have the power, under the rules, to submit
that resolution as a report.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does this resolution come
from a committee; and in it unanimously re-
ported ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the resolution is submitted as the report of the
Committee on Public Expenditures.
Mr. MAYNARD. And, sir, I understand,
from gentlemen around me, that it is unanimous.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 118, nays 53; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Ad-
rain,Aldrich, Alley,William C.Anderson, Ashmore, Bab-
bitt, Barksdaie, Bingham, Itlair, Blake, Bouligny, Brabson,
Brinow, Buffinton, Burcli, Burlingame, Bumham, Camp-
bell, Case, Clopton, John Cochrane, Colfax, Corwin, Co-
vode, Curtis, II. Winter Davis, John G. Davis, Dawes,
Delano, Duell, Dunn, Edmundson, Eliot, Etheridge, Ferry,
Fiorencc, Foster, Fouke, French, Gilmer, Gooch, Graham,
Grow, Giirley, Hale, Hall, J. Morrison Harris, Haskm,
Hatton, Helmick, Hickman, Hindman, Hoard, Holman,
Howard, Hughes, Humphrey, Hutchiijs, Irvine, Junkin,
Francis'W. Kellogg, William Keiiogg, Kilgore, Larrabee,
DeWitt C. Leach, Longnecker,Loomis, Lovejoy, Maclay,
Mailory, Marston, Charles D. Martin, Maynard, McICean,
MeKnfgllt, McPherson, Moorhead, Morrill, Nelson, Nixon,
Noell, Olin, Perry, Porter, Potter, Pottle, Reynolds, Rice,
Riggs, Christopher Robinson, Royce, Schwartz, Sedgwick,
Sherman, William N. H. Smith, Somes, Spinner, Stanton,
William Stewart, Stout, Stratton, Tappan, Thayer, Thea-
ker, Tompkins, Tram, Trimble, Waldron, Walton, Elhhu
B. Washburne, Israel Washburn, Webster, Wells, Wil-
son, YVmdoni, and Woodruff—118.
NAYS—Messrs. Thomas L. Anderson, Avery, Barrett,
Bonham, Boyce, Branch, Burnett, Carey, John B. Clark,
Cobb, Cooper, James Craig, Burton Craige, Crawford, Cur-
ry, Davidson, De Jarnettc, English, Gartrell, Hamilton,
Hardeman, John T. Harris, Houston, Jackson, Lamar,
James M. Leach, Leake, Logan, Love, Eibett S. Martin,
McClernand, McQueen, Mcltae, Montgomery, Laban T.
Moore, Sydenham Moore, Niblaek, Peyton, Phelps, Pryor,
Pugh, Reagan, Ruffin, Scott, Simms, William Smith, Ste-
venson, Stokes, Taylor, Underwood, Vallandigham,Vance,
and Wright—53.
So the resolution was adopted.
Pending the above call,
Mr. COX stated that he was paired.
Mr. ROBINSQN, of Illinois, stated that he was
paired with Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin.
Mr. HINDMAN stated that Mr. Stallworth
was paired with Mr. Killinger.
Mr. BRANCH stated that his colleague, Mr.
Winslow, was unexpectedly called home, and
was paired for the present with Mr. Bctter-
field.
Mr. MALLORY said: Mr. Speaker, I under-
stand, from the chairman of the committee, that
this stenographer is only required for a week or
ten days, and, as that stenographer has already
been employed to take down the mass of testi-
mony which has been adduced, I vote ill the af-
firmative.
Mr. LOVE stated that his colleague, Mr. Jones,
was confined to his room by illness.
The vote was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. HASKIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD BRIDGES AS POST ROADS.
Mr. COLFAX. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to re-
port back House bill No. 95, declaring the railroad
bridges across the Cumberland river, at Nashville,
Tennessee, and at Clarksville, Tennessee, and the
railroad bridge across the Tennessee river, near
the mouth of Cane creek, Stevenson county, Ten-
nessee, post roads, with the recommendation that
it be laid upon the table.
Mr. Speaker, under the law existing previous
to 1854, to make a railroad a post road, it had
first to be qjitirely completed. The gentleman
from Tennessee [Mr. Qttari.es] introduced a bill
to make the railroad bridges named post roads.
These roads are only partially completed. There
was a law passed, however, providing for this
case; and in the report of the committee, which I
ask to be read, we only state and reaffirm the law.
We there state, that, by the law of March 3,1853,
" all railroads, and parts of railroads, which are
now or hereafter may be in operation, be, and the
same are, hereby, declared to be post roads." Un-
der the operation of that law, the railroad bridges
named, being parts of railroads how in operation,
are already established as post roads.
The House concurred in the report of the com-
mittee; and the bill was then laid upon the table.
LAND TO ACTUAL SETTLERS.
Mr. GROW. I ask that the Clerk enter a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which bill of the
House No. 22, to prevent the sale of the public
lands, except to actual settlers, for ten years after
the same shall have been surveyed, was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was entered.
REDUCTION OP POST OFFICE EXPENDITURES.
Mr. COLFAX. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to report
a bill to reduce the expenses of the Post Office
Department, and to move that it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and, with the accompanying report, ordered to be
printed.
The bill was read.a first and second time by its
title, referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and, with the accompany-,
ing report, ordered to be printed.
MAILS BETWEEN ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC STATES.
Mr. COLFAX. By instruction of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, I pre-
sent another bill upon which I would like to have
the action of the House at this time, if there be
no objection to that course. It invites proposals
for the carriage of the entire mails between the
Atlantic and the Pacific States upon one line. I
will state briefly what is its purport. Previous to
the recent retrenchment in the Post Officc Depart-
ment, the mails between the Atlantic and the Pa-
cific States cost over two million dollars, and they
now cost nearly one million four hundred thou-
sand dollars upon the various routes on which they
are transported. The' Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads believe that there can be a
material retrenchmentin this item of expense, and
they have prepared the bill I am about to report,
authorizing the Postmaster General to invite pro-
posals for the transportation of the entire mail
overland, and also proposals for its transportation
by the water route, so that we may have full in-
formation as to what will be the comparative cost.
We provide that the proposals shall be for carry-
ing the entire mail overland daily, from such point
upon the Mississippi or the Missouri river, as the
contractor may select, and upon such route as
they may select, to the city of San Francisco, in
California, to be carried through in twenty days.
They also authorize the Postmaster General to
invite proposals to carry the mail tri-weekly and
semi-weekly, all to go through each way in twenty
days, and to carry the newspaper mail through
weekly in thirty days. It is provided in the bill
that the Government reserves to itself the_ right,
after inspection of the bids, to reject them, if they
deem it inexpedient to accept any of them.
This measure, sir, is simply for the purpose of
ascertaining for what sum the entire mail of the
country can be carried overland between the At-
lantic and Pacific States. It permits the receipt
of proposals up to the 25th of May; and it pro-
vides that three days after that date the Postmas-
ter General shall lay the proposals that he has
received before Congress for its action. If it ia
proved that the mails cannot be carried cheaper
than by the present routes, and under the present
contractors, then the bids which are submitted
need not be accepted. There will be a9 loss. no,
cost to the Government, except for advertising.
If the House finds, after examining the propo-
sals, as the committee think will be the case, that
$500,000 can be saved, they can adopt a plan,
under the new light given them, by which that
beneficial result may be accomplished.
Mr. MILES. Docs this bill authorize the Post-
master General to make contracts under the pro-
posals which may be submitted to him ?
Mr. COLFAX. Itdoesnot. It simply author-
izes the Postmaster General to invite proposals,
and, when these proposals are received, that he
shall lay then before Congress for its action. The
power, also, is reserved to the Government to re-
ject all the bids made, if it be deemed expedient
to do so.
Mr. MILES. Is it necessary that the Post-
master General should be authorized to advertise,
inviting these proposals?
Mr. COLFAX. The Postmaster General would
not feel authorized to initiate this plan, and to ad-
vertise for these proposals, without.the assent of
Congress.
Mr. REAGAN. I object to the consideration
of the bill at this time.
Mr. STOUT. Is it designed that this informa-
tion shall be furnished at this session of Congress ?
Mr. COLFAX. Yes, sir. Congress will not
adjourn, in all probability, until late in the "month
of June. These bids will be received by the 25th
day of May, and three days thereafter they will
be laid before Congress for its consideration. If,
then, it be deemed expedient to put the entire mail
of the country upon one overland route, that can
be accomplished before the adjournment of Con-
gress. If that be deemed inexpedient, then, of
course, the whole thing falls through. There
ought to be no controversy on the passage of this
bill, for it involves no expanse beyond that of the
advertisements that may be necessary. This bill
tests the question whether or not half a million
dollars can be saved by the transportation of the
entire mail of the country overland between the
Atlantic and Pacific States.
Mr. REAGAN. Is this debate in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state to
the gentleman from Texas that he supposes de-
bate is in order; that a single objection will not
prevent it.
Mr. STOUT. If it is desired to get this in-
formation for the action of Congress at this ses-
sion, the bill ought to be acted upon immediately,
so that notice may be given, in order that those
upon the Pacific coast who desire to make pro-
posals may have an opportunity to do so. If we
delay action upon the bill for some days longer,
you will prevent persons upon the Pacific coast
from making bids that may be received here be-
fore this session of Congress adjourns.
I believe I understand the object of this bill,
and I liave, to some extent, considered it; and I
apprehend that no injury can result to any por-
tion of the country from its passage, but that it
may result in great benefit to the postal service.
This bill is simply to get information upon which
Congress may determine whether they will abol-
ish the ocean service.
Mr. COLFAX. I resume the floor, and move
to recommit the bill.
Mr. REAGAN. I wish to say a word before
the gentleman makes this motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the gentleman has moved
to recommit, I move to go to business upon the
Speaker's table. The morning hour has expired.
Mr. HOUSTON. If the gentleman from Indi-
ana will allow the bill to go to the Committee of
the Whole House, I think we can discuss it there,
and act upon it understandingly.
Mr. COLFAX. If the House will make it a
special order, so that we may have full control
over it, I shall have no objection.
Mr. HOUSTON Does this bill propose or
