1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
ago, when I was a member of this House, I heard
him utter the sentiment.
Mr. COX. It can be found in the Appendix
to the Congressional Globe, as modified; but the
spirit is the same exactly as that read by the
gentleman from Tennessee.
Mr. NELSON. I have no desire to do injus-
tice to any gentleman; and, therefore, I will give
the authority for my statement. It is the Dem-
ocratic Standard, a paper of which I know noth-
ing, but which has been sent to my address since
I came here. The date of the paper is Novem-
ber 26, 1859.
Several Members. Where is it published?
Mr. NELSON. It is published at Concord,
New Hampshire. I find various other sentiments
of the same character here. This sentiment is
ascribed to Horace Greeley:
" I have no doubt but the free and slave States ou?ht to
be separated." * * * "The Union is not worth
supporting in connection with the South."
And here is a sentiment ascribed to another
northern gentleman. I am so little acquainted with
any of the members of this House, that I really am
unable to say at this moment whether the gentle-
man is a member of this House or not. Unless
my impressions are erroneous, he was at one time
a member of this House. It is Mr. Anson P.
Burlistgame. [Laughter.] This sentiment is
ascribed to him; and if he never gave utterance
to it, why, of course, I have no desire to do him
injustice:
" The times demand, and we must have, an anti-slavery
Constitution, an anti-slavery Bible, and anti-slavery God."
Now, Mr. Clerk, without taktng up the time
of the House with reading other extracts of the
same kind, I will state that my object in adverting
to them is to show that, as we all know, we have
in this Union extremists at the North and ex-
tremists at the South. I could multiply extracts.
There was a time in the history of this land when
the Hartford convention stunk in the nostrils of
the American people: when the man who cricd
out disunion or secession was regarded at least
as a moral traitor to his country. Those halcyon
days have passed away, and now what once struck
the public mind with horror, what once was re-
garded as worthy almost of death, is a sentiment
which seems to meet with a response in the North
and with an uttrrance in thb South. I, for one,
Mr. Clerk, am opposed to this feeling of disunion^
no matter whence it comes. [Prolonged applause
in the galleries and upon the floor.] I, for one,
am opposed to this slavery agitation, no matter
whether it comes from the &outh or from the
North. [Renewed applause.]
It seems to me that there is very little for us to
contend about. I come from a slave State, and,
although T am not a man of wealth, I own a few
slaves, andistm not ashamed to say it here. I say,
sir, that I am opposed to this sentiment, no mat-
ter whence it comes or by whom it is given ut-
terance. I do think that we, or rather the two
great parties of the land, are fighting a battle alto-
gether in advance of the time. To borrow the
idea, though I cannot quote the language,of that
eminent and distinguished man, Mr. Webster,
the question of slavery has been practically set-
tled in regard to much the greater portion of this
Union. It has been settled, as he in substance
said, by the laws of nature1 and by the laws of
climate. By the action of the people it has been
settled since in regard to Kansas and Nebraska.
It cannot reasonably be expected to exist in Utah.
The people of California have settled it for them-
selves. Where, then, are we to have this contest
in regard to slavery? Why this agitation? If
there is any portion of this wide land in regard
to which the question of slavery can be appro-
priate, it must be Arizona; and I take it for granted
that it will be some years before Arizona will
apply for admission into the American Union.
Why this agitation, then? Why this unnatural
excitement? Why, before we have fairly seated
ourselves in the Hall of the House of Represent-
atives, spring a firebrand into our deliberations?
Why indulge in crimination and recrimination?
Why this asperity of feeling? Why shall we
not enter upon an organization of the House, and
come up to the expression of the sentiment, which,
1 trust, is common to us all, that this slavery agi-
tation is profitless and useless—common to us all,
I mean, except it may be the ultra men of the
North and the ultra men of the Smith.
And, Mr. Clerk, there is one remarkable thing
which I should have stated a moment ago. I will
say it now. There is one remarkable thing of
these disunionists, North and South. What is
it? I state it for the purpose of respectfully sub-
mitting that there is something wrong on both
sides. What is it? Why that, whilst they dis-
agree on the subject of slavery and various other
subjects, they unite in agreeing upon a dissolution
of the Union as a common remedy for antagonistic
evils. I state this as the clearest and most con-
clusive proof that this slavery agitation should
cease, unless I am'misinformed, there are no
places were this question can arise, except in Ari-
zona or in the admission of the States which at
some future period may be carved out of Texas.
In reference to the latter, the question was settled
by the Texas annexation resolutions, and we
must cast ourselves upon the integrity and for-
bearance and moderation of the North not to re-
peal those resolutions, for it was most unfortunate
for the country that the compromise measures of
1820 and 1850 were repealed. I say this without
intending personally to reflect upon any gentle-
man.
I know that many patriotic men of the North
and South voted under a mistake for the Kansas-
Nebraska bill of 1854: but, so far as the peace
and prosperity and safety of this Union are con-
cerned, I regard it as the most unfortunate thing
that ever happened m our history. The repeal of
the great compromise which had stood for more
than thirty years, had the eifect to increase the
forces against southern interests in theNorth. The
repeal of that compromise and the passage of the
Kansas-Nebraska bill had the effect, as gentlemen
have in substance stated, to sweep the Democratic
party from pow'er in the North. It is an unfor-
tunate thing in our history, and is to be deeply
deplored, that those measures of peace and har-
mony—the compromise measures of 1820 and
1850—were repealed; and, when it is remarked
that the Republican party has grown into the most
powerful party in this Union, I might say to some
of the gentlemen of the South that they cannot
reply—
u Thou can'f-t not say I did it.''
It is owing to the course pursued by the great
Democratic party in times past that tins Republi-
can party of the North has swelled in proportions,
and lias now got to be the most powerful party in
the Union.
I do not mean, Mr. Clerk, at this stage of oar
proceedings, to enter further into this subject than
to say that the Democratic platforms of 1840,
1844, 1848, and 1852, every one of them, on the
subject of slavery, was a Delphic oracle, holding
one language to" the North and another to the
South. "VVe all know, who know anything about
the history of the country, that the leaders of
modern Democracy were unwilling in their plat-
forms from 1840 to 1856, to say one word upon
the subject of slavery m the Territories, and that
those platforms are silent as death in legard to it.
And, sir, without intending to enter into the
history of the proceedings in our country, I make
one further remark here before I proceed. We who
were of the Whig party of that day succeeded 111
electing that gallant old soldier, General Taylor,
as President of the United States, and lie was
succeeded by Mr. Fillmore, and never since the
days of Geoige Washington has there been a
President who demeaned himself more faithfully
and more honorably in his high office than Mil-
lard Fillmore; [enthusiastic applause in the gal-
lery;] a man who, though a northern man, doubt-
less entertaining northern prejudices against sla-
very, saw fit to stand up to his oath and his duty,
and who, in the discharge of that oath and duty,
nobly, manfully, and patriotically executed the.
laws of the country, at the risk of destroying his
popularity among his own fellow-citizens. I say
if we ever had a man in this land who deserves
the lasting gratitude of his country, Millard Fill-
more is that man. [Renewed applause in the
galleries.1
Mr. NOELL. Why was it that Mr. Fillmore
was defeated by the Northern Whig party after
he had served his first term'
Mr. NELSON. I do not know, unless it was
because they had learned bad habits from their
associations with the fire-eaters of the South.
[Laughter on the floor and in the galleries.]
While Mr. Fillmore manfully, patriotically, ana
nobly discharged his duty in regard to the fugi-
tive slave law and everything else; ay, while ne
removed Abolitionists from office, and would not
allow them to have place and power in order to
advance their views, all here who know the history
of the country—and it is presumed th.atevery one
present does—will remember that, when thegreat
Democratic party assembled in 1852, and passed
those celebrated resolutions, including the stereo- .
typed resolutions of 1798, it was reported in the
newspapers of the country that they pledged
themselves that if Pierce was elected President of
the United States, the Free-Soilers should come
in as sharers of the spoils; and we all know that
Si'mner was elected United States Senator by a
coalition between the Democrats and Free-Soilers
of Massachusetts; and we further remember that
Chase, of Ohio, was elected to a seat in the Senate
in a similar way. We know also that Judge
Bronson, of New York, was removed from the col-
lectorship of the port of New York because he
would not carry out the views of the Administra-
tion in his appointments—views previously pro-
mulgated by John Van Buren and other delight-
ful interpreters of those Delphic resolutions.
[Laughter.]
C might pursue this train of thought and bring
up other reminisccnces of our country's history;
but, having no desire to wound the feelings of any
one here present, or to create any improper ex-
citement upon the part of any gentleman, either
North or South, I forbear. The object of pass-
ing the resolution of the gentleman from North
Carolina [ Mr. Gilmer] is to allay excitement,
and to banish, so far as we can, profitless slavery
agitation from this Congress, before winch no
measure, so far as I know, in regard to slavery
is likely to come.
Before I take my seat, I trust the House will
indulge me in giving utterance to one or two old
fashioned sentiments which, in days past and
gone, were common to the whole American peo-
ple. It may excite the derision of a portion of
the disunionists of the North, and it may provoke
the contempt of the fire-eaters of the South; but
I say there is one class of sentiments which, al-
though the leaders in the excitement may strive
to create a feeling of discord in the minds of our
citizens, I trust all will hold in common What
are they? We love our country; we love its mount-
ains, its hills, its valleys, and its streams; we love
its peaceful Sabbaths, its church-going bells, its
English Bible, and its glorious liberty of con-
science. [Applause.] We love that feature in
every American constitution which abolishes all
hereditary honors and distinctions, and enables
the poor man's child, if he have talent and genius,
to climb
" Tin: steep whore fame's proud temple shines afar."
[Applause ill the galleries.] We love the star-
spangled banner which has waved in triumph over
many a field of battle, and protects our commerce
upon every sea. We love the memory of the
world's only Washington. [Applause on the
floor and in the galleries.] We love the name
and the fame of every hero who has fought or
bled or died upon the battle fields of the country.
[Renewed applause.] Of them it may be said:
<• The}- fell devoted but undying,
The very gale their names seem sighing;
The waters mmmur of their name,
The woods aie peopled with their tame:
The silent pillai—lone and gray—
Claims lundicd with then sacred clay;
Then memoiv bpaililes o'er the fountain,
Then spirits wrap the dusky mountain;
Tile meanest lill—the mightiest river—
ltolls, mingling with their fame, forever!"
[Great applause in the galleries.]
We not only love these, but above all, I trust,
we love this glorious Union, purchased by the
blood and treasure and consecrated by the pray-
ers of our fathers, and preserved by the valor of
their children. We love this glorious Union, I
repeat, and we want no abolition, no secession,
no disunion, no nullification, no civil wars, no
reeking carnage, no blazing fields,* no burning
cities, no military despots to arise and bid
"The blood-red paths of conquest bail.*'
No, sir, no; we want none of this—none of these;
but we desire to live on as we have lived in times
past, a free and a united people; one ill mind, one
m heart, one m interest, one in feeling, one in all
that makes a nation great, one in all that makes
a people happy. [Great applause in the galleries,]
