48
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7.
I trust in God that these sentiments will fill and
swell the American heart as long as the gliding
streams tremble in the sunshine, leap joyously,
and roll to their occan home; as long as the blue
mountains clap their hands or bathe their faces in
the sky, as long as the God of our fathers shall
lead us in perils to come, as he has led us in
perils that are passed, by a pillar of cloud by day
and a pillar of lire by night.
It is with sentiments such as these that, although
my voicc is unknown to fame; although I take,
for the first time, my seat in a deliberative assem-
bly, I would firmly, earnestly, yet respectfully,
invoke gentlemen of the North and gentlemen of
the South to come up and lay on the altar of our
common country this distracting question, which
does no good, which creates incessant excitement,
which arms the slave against his master, which
causes a feeling of dissatisfaction toward this great
and glorious Union to prevail. I ask northern
men—can you, on an abstract question like this,
make no sacrifice in behalf of our country? 1
ask southern men—can you, on a question like
this, which is practically settled, at least for years
to come, make no sacrifice? and can we not all
agree in adopting this resolution, patriotic in its
terms; a resolution which I am sure will commend
itself to the approbation of the whole country, and
which carries no sting in regard to any member
of this assembly ?
I then say, Mr. Clerk, without occupying fur-
ther the time of the House, that I advocate the
adoption of this resolution; and I call on gentle-
men of this House, abler, older, having more ex-
perience than myself, I call upon them to rally to
the standard of our country; to come up and let
us link our shields together in behalf of this Union
and our beloved institutions, and endeavor as far
as in us lies to hand down unimpaired and undi-
minished, to our remotest posterity, those bless-
ings of civil and religious freedom which we en-
joy above all other nations under heaven. [Loud
applause.]
Mr. WINSLOW. I ask the consent of the
House to pass over the resolutions for the present
that I may make a motion for the House to proceed
to the election of Speaker. [Cries of" Agieed!"]
I move that the House now proceed to vote for
Speaker, viva vocc.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do not object to that; but
I ask that the roll be first called, so that absent
members may be got in.
Mr. PHELPS. 1 submit the motion that there
bo a call of the House.
The motion wa« agreed to.
Mr. PRYOR addressed tin; Clerk.
The CLERK. The Clerk would inform the
gentleman from Virginia that a call of the llouse
lias been ordered, and nothing else is in order till
it is disposed uf.
Mr. GARiSETT. The Clerk is mistaken in
supposing that the House made such an order, as
there are no rules at present governing this hotly.
I submit that, my colleague is entitled to the floor.
The CLERK. The Clerk would state that the
gentleman from Missouri obtained the iioor, and
made a question, and a vote of the House was
taken on it, and the call ordered.
The roll was then called; and the following
members failed to answer to their names: Messis.
Adams of Kentucky, Adrain, Brown, Landrum,
Smith of Virginia, and Stallwoiitii.
Mr. PENNINGTON stated that las colleague,
Mr. Adrain, was detained from the House by
sickness.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE stated that his col-
league, Mr. Clark B. Cochrane, had paired oft*!
with Mr. Smith, of Virginia, on any ballot that
might be taken to-day up to four o'clock.
Mr, PHELPS moved'tliat all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
'The motion was agreed lo.
Mr. PRYOR. I believe, Mr. Clerk, it wasa
saying of Edmund Burke's, a consummate master
m the science of political philosophy, that " pub-
lie' calamity is a mighty leveler." But even under
tin: impression of that maxim, I do not think I
would have ventured to thrust myself into the
presence of tins ausrust body, conscious as I am
of the critical exigencies of the Republic, if I were
not impelled, indiscreetly perhaps, by a fueling of
surprise and indignation at the position assumed
in the speech of the gentleman who preceded me.
And permit me to say here, now, that in any ie-
mark I may utter touching that honorable mem-
ber, I intend nothing personally discourteous or
disrespectful. I address myself exclusively to his
politicalposition,as he stands in this debate, and
as I intend to exhibit him before the country. I
do not know if it be parliamentary to advert to
the political relations of that gentleman; but, at
the hazard of being called to order, I say that I
understand he is a member of the so-called Ameri-
can party, the southern Opposition party, of whose
patriotism I have always been convinced, and on
whose political character I intend no imputation.
Certainly I am not mistaken—for I have referred
to the catalogue of the House—in the opinion that
the honorable gentleman comes here as the Repre-
sentative of asouthern constituency, a slave-hold-
ing constituency; and hence I was very much sur-
prised when I heard him venture the hazardous
declaration that he was not ashamed to " own he
was a slaveholder." And really, when I observe
the men who surround him and acclaim lnm, i
believe itwas a hazardous declaration; hazardous,
inasmuch as by that declaration he is likely to
forfeit the respect of those to whose confidence he
has especially recommended himself.
Mr. NELSON. I have no apprehension of
any kind.
Mr. PRYOR. Undoubtedly the gentleman
"has no apprehension—none whatever." But I
am not to be deterred from a free and fearless dec-
laration of my sentiments touching that gentle-
man by anything he can say, much less by any-
thing lie dare do. [Commotion and hisses from
the Republican benches.]
Mr. NELSON. Will the gentleman allow me
to answer?
Mr. PRYOR. No, sir; let the gentleman reply
after I get through. I say I understand the gen-
tleman to be a member of the so-called Amer-
ican party, and to be at least a titular Represent-
ative of a southern constituency. What is his
position here? Why, if I were only to make
extracts from the speech he has to-day delivered
in this House, I might advert to his declaration
that the Whig party had becomc contaminated
by association with the South." If so, I think
he will soon be rid of the contagion by his rapid
flight in a northern direction. What is the posi-
tion upon which the argument of the gentleman
is based? The whole drift, tenor, and intent of
the gentleman's argument, T affirm, was to put
the Representatives of the South who participate
in this contest, in a position in which they will
not be sustained by the country; and that is the
issue lo which I shall hold him. And I intend to
show that the position in which the Representa-
tives of the South—I speak by way of distinc-
tion—which the Democracy have assumed m this
discussion is a position in which they will be
sustained, not only by their own constituency,
but by fair-minded men of all parties and all
sections in the country, and in which they will
be sustained in the most triumphant manner by
the irrevocable award of history. What is that
position ?
Allow mc here to protest most emphatically
that I am no disumomst. Allow me to protest
that I am as warm an admirer of the Union, in
tbe spirit of the Constitution, as the gentleman
from Tennessee. I do not yield even to him in
the ardor of my attachment to the Confederacy;
but I do say that my patriotism is of a different
character and different policy. Sir, by a sort of
perverse idolatry he worships our mountains and
hills, our valleys, our rivers, and lakes; he wor-
ships, in other words, the visible senseless symbol.
I worship the spirit of the Constitution; [applause
in the galleries and oil the Democratic benches;]
but when that spirit has departed, when the divin-
ity has been dethroned from the altar, I no longer
pay my homage then.-. I did not, in his grand
rhetorical climax of declamation, hear him say
once, or intimate even, that he regarded the
Constitution. He loved the Union very much;
but I did not hear him at any time declare that
he had any reverence for the Constitution.
Now. !\ir. Clerk, as I am a lover of the Union,
but a lover of the Union only in the spirit of the
Constitution, and would do perhaps as much, in
my humble way, as any oiher gentleman, to sup-
port and maintain the I) nion, resting and reposing
upon the basis of the Constitution; yet, when the
spirit of the Constitution has been exorcised and
outraged; when there is no longer in it that equity
and justice which our fathers intended to breathe
into it wherewith to animate the inert mass, then
I am a disunionist. Yes, sir, this "glorious"
Union, much as I revere it with all its venerable
associations, I would sooner see rent and torn
like the fabled body of Osiris beyond the possi-
bility of repair or reorganization, than bow my
neck to the brute will of a majority, unlimited
and unregulated by the spirit of the Constitution.
[Great applause on the Democratic benches and
in the galleries.]
So, Mr. Clerk, my patriotism is of a different
character from that of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee; and not only is it of a different character,
but it seeks to accomplish its ends by different
expedients. Permit me to say, with an unreserved
impulse, with a sometimes impetuous, I will not
say ingenuous nature, I do not intend in any re-
gard to impeach the patriotism of that gentleman;
but, nevertheless, I will affirm that the language
which he holds is, of all others, calculated to pre-
cipitate this Confederacy upon the inevitable catas-
trophe of disunion. When the gentleman gets up
here in the face of our foes, declares that there is
no danger to the Union, and cries peace, peace,
when there is no peace, I say that he is uncon-
sciously, unwittingly perhaps, but, nevertheless,
undeniably an enemy to the integrity of the Union
1 intend to indulge in no threats. I will not utter
any menace; in my conception it is impolitic, it
is unwise, it is undignified. I do not assume that
any gentleman on that side of the floor is to be
directed in his course of public conduct by any
motive of apprehension for his personal safety,
or of danger to the security of the Republic.
The Representatives of the South, themselves
never being intimidated by threats, will not as-
sume that other persons are to be controlled in
their course by apprehension. No, sir; the occa-
sion is too momentous. In truth, I rather agreed
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr
Stevens,] yesterday, when, in a tone of irony,
he taunted! us with having, over and over again, in-
dulged in menaces of disunion. So wo have. We
have threatened and resolved, andresohed and
threatened, and backed out from our threats and
recanted our resolutions, until, so help me God,
I will never utter another threat or another reso-
lution; but, as the stroke follows the lightning's
flash, so with me. acts shall be coincident and
commensurate with words. I will employ no
threats. I will appeal only to reason; but, gentle-
men, I do protest against this language of the gen-
tleman from Tennessee being received as a faith-
ful exposition of popular sentiment in the South.
Sir, how stands this matter? I repeat, for the
purpose of being distinctly understood, that I will
exhibit pailiamentary courtesy, even though the
remarks the gentleman has indulged were such as
to admit of a personal response.
In the language which I am about to utter, I
intend to give him all credit for patriotism and
the conscientious discharge of his duty. Never-
theless, I do affirm here that that Representative
upon this floor to-day has distinctly, unequivo-
cally, emphatically, and absolutely, planted him-
self in the ranks of the Black Republican Opposi-
tion. [Applause on the Democratic benches.] Sir,
we have the outward external evidences and sig-
nals of that fact. I saw—my friends on this side saw
conspieuous.y—that the very gentleman who in-
voked of some .unknown doily, i4 an anti-slavery
Bible, an anti-slavery Constitution, and an anti-
slavery God;" that that very gentleman sat near
him and applauded him vociferously. He re-
ceived the emphatic applause and approbation of
the Black Republican—the Brown Republican—
Opposition, whatever bctl eivappropriatedesigna-
tion. It was the fact, exu'ijidinary as it may
seem—a fact appealing to our very senses. It
was plainly seen that the gentleman's speech was
not made in favor of the interests of the South,
or of the Constitution; but, on the contrary, was
promotive of the ends which these Republicans
arc now endeavoring to accomplish.
Mr. Clerk, some gentlemen of the other side
have endeavored to make light of this controversy
Nero fiddled while Rome was burning. They
indulge in a sort of indecent merriment, when , in
fact, they arc applying the torch of conflagration
to the sanctuary of the Union. They treat it as
a trivial matter; as insignificantand inconsequen-
tial. What is the struggle m which we are en-
gaged? It is a momentous trial. It is even
