2956
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
had signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolution; which thereupon received the signa-
ture of the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 14) for the relief of Francis
Dainese;
A bill (H. It. No. 220) for the relief of Anson
Dart;
A bill (S. No. 287) to incorporate the National
Gallery and School of Arts in the District of
Columbia;
A joint resolution (S. No. 43) to correct a cler-
ical error in the act approved May 4,1860, for the
relief of Stewart McGowan; and
A bill (S. No. 168) to amend " An act to define
and regulate the jurisdiction of the district courts
of the United States in California in regard to the
survey and location of confirmed private land
claims."
PRINTING- OF DOCUMENTS.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, on yesterday, the printing of the
following documents ateleven o'clock and twenty-
two minutes, a. m.:
Report of the Secretary of the Interior of the
expenses of the Court of Claims;
_ Report of the Postmaster General of the con-
tingent expenses of the Post Office Department
during the year ending June 30, 1859; and
Report of the Postmaster General of the names
and compensation of the clerks and other persons
employed in the Post Office Department during
the year ending December 31, 1859.
CALIFORNIA LAND CLAIMS.
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate take
up the Senate bill No. 168fromthe table, merely to
agree to an amendment of the House. It is merely
an amendment to the title of the bill. It will cause
no discussion.
Mr. BRIGHT. Will it lead to debate?
Mr. LATHAM. None whatever.
There being no objection, the Senate proceeded
to consider the amendments of the House to the
bill (S. No. 1G8) to amend an act entitled "An
act to ascertain and settle private land claims in
the. State of California," passed March 3, 1851,
which were, in section seven to strike out in the
second and third lines the words, " to which this
is an amendment," arid to insert in lieu thereof,
" An act to ascertain and settle private land claims
in the State of California;" and to amend the title
by inserting instead of the present title, " An act
to define and regulate the jurisdiction of the dis-
trict court of" the United States in California ill
regard to the survey and location of private land
claims."
Mr. LATHAM. I move that the Senate con-
cur in the amendments of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
•TOIIN P. BROWN.
Mr. MASON. The day before yesterday the
Senate adopted a resolution asking the House to
send back to the Senate the bill of the Senate No.
271, for the relief of John P. Brown, and it was
sent back accordingly yesterday. The resolution
was adopted on my motion. It wasa bill reported
by the Committee on Foreign Relations. I found
that an error had crept into the bill by which a
larger sum of money was appropriated for the
party than was designed. 1 ask the Senate now
to take up the bill for the purpose, of correcting
that error, and reducing the amount of appropri-
ation. The error simply was in giving to him
compensation during a period which had not been
thoroughly examined by the committee, and erro-
neously got into the bill. It reduces the appro- i
priation by $2,500. I suppose it can be disposed i
of in a few minutes. j
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from |
Virginia asks unanimous consent to take up the j
bill indicated by him. i
Mr. FITCH. I desire to inquire whether a i
concurrence in the amendment sends the bill im-
mediately to the House for its passage?
Mr. MASON. It sends back a new bill.
Mr. FITCH. The bill then necessarily goes
through the several stages here?
Mr. MASON. Yes.
Mr. FITCH. I have no objection to concur-
ring in an amendment; but I have to passing the
bill. The Committee on Foreign Relations has
detected one error. I think, on a close examin-
ation, the whole claim will be found to be erro-
neous.
Mr. MASON. The bill passed the Senate.
The error that was in it was an error committed
through inadvertanee, including in the bill a claim
that the commitee had not thoroughly considered.
It was an error for which I was, to some extent,
responsible, and therefore asked that it be cor-
rected. The bill simply provides for paying this
gentleman what has always been done, the differ-
ence of compensation between secretary of lega-
tion and a charge d'affaires, while he was left in
charge by order of the Government. The error
consisted in embracing a period which we had not
properly considered; and I strike that out, and
reduce the sum by that amount.
Mr. FITCH. Of course I can have no objec-
tion to a reduction of the sum; butin lookinginto
another matter, growing out of our intercourse
with Turkey, 1 discovered that this gentleman,
Mr. Brown, has once received a certain sum
which, by its very terms, was to be in full of all
services rendered; and now he is here with an-
other claim. He appears to be a pet of the throne,
or of some power uehind the throne; and, per-
haps, these claims will be multiplied ad infinitum
if we encourage them. 1 do not know that there
is anything whatever in the claim.
Mr. MASON. If the Senator will listen to me a
moment, thatappropriation to which he refers was
passed in 1851, during the absence of Mr. Brown
from the country, and it was expressed to be in
full of all claims up to that period. These claims
are shown upon the face of the bill to have ac-
crued since; and they are nothing but what has
always been paid to the secretaries of legation:
the difference of pay between a charge d 'affaires
and a secretary of legation during the period in
which, by order of the President, he was occupied
in that capacity. Now, the limitation m 1851 was
properly up to the period of the passage of that
law. None ware to be paid that accrued anterior;
and those provided in this bill are shown on the
face of the bill to be subsequent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objection
to taking up the bill?
Mr. MASON. I hope not.
Mr. FITCH. I must feel it my duty to object.
I objected to a similar bill, but, at the request of
other Senators, withdrew the objection; but I have
never yet been able to satisfy'myself that I did
light in so doing. I believe it was upon a bill
acted upon very recently, for somewhat similar
service in Turkey and Greece, by which we al-
lowed a claim of several thousand dollars more
than the party was entitled to; and I certainly
cannot permit this to pass without looking into it.
Mr. MASON. If one objection stops it, it must
lie on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. One objection
stops it.
CAPTURED AFRICANS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to take up the bill
in regard to the captured Africans at Key West,
which passed the Senate and has been amended
in the House. There are two amendments to it,
I will state, one of which increases the amount
appropriated $50,000. I think we appropriated
$200,000. That is owing to a subsequent vessel
having been captured. The other amendment is to
pay fifty dollars additional per head. The Si nator
from Louisiana, [Mr. Ben*jamint,] who had charge
of the bill, has left the e.ily, and in a conversation
with him, he was unwiiling to concur in the amend-
ment raising the amount fifty dollars per capita; but
the other amendment, which increases the appro-
priation $50,000, he believed to be in consequence
of another cargo having arrived. I move that the
bill be taken up with a \iew of concurring in one
amendment and rejecting the other, or concurring
in both, as the Senate may think proper. This is
a matter that ought to be acted upon at once.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the amendments of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 464) to
amend an act entitled "An act in addition to the
acts prohibiting the slave trade." The House of
Representatives passed the bill with two amend-
ments. The first was to insert after the word
" one hundred," in line sixteen, the words " and
fifty;" so that the clause will read:
Por a period not exceeding one year from the date of
their being landed on the coast of Africa, at a price in no
case to exceed £150.
The next amendment was in line eleven of sec-
tion three, after the word "hundred," to insert
the-words "and fifty;" so that the clause will
read:
And clothing for aterm not exceeding one year from the
date of the landing in Africa, the captured Africans recently
landed in the southern district of Florida, and that the sum
of $250,000 be appropriated for that puipose, &c.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in-the first amendment of the House
of Representatives.
Mr. TOOMBS. I hope that amendment will be
rejected. The Senate, on great consideration and
full investigation by the committee, decided that
the sum stated in the bill was sufficient, and I do
not know of any reason or of any facts on which
we should raise the amount fifty dollars a head.
1 think it is a mere waste of the public money.
Mr. MASON. This, as I understand it, is an
amendment of the House increasing one third the
amount to be paid for transporting each of those
negroes back to Africa. The bill originated in
the Senate, and was reported by the Senator from
Louisiana, [Mr. Benjamin,] who is not now in
bis seat; and upon examination and considera-
tion, the)' recommended that $100 for each should
be appropriated. Now, as the Senator from Geor-
gia says, we have no information why it is raised
one third, which will very largely increase the
appropriation. I hope wo shall have the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BAYARD. As I understand this bill—it
was reported from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and acted upon while I was absent—the
Senate authorized ail appropriation not exceeding
$100 for each person. The House have not altered
the acts to be done, but have simply determined
that it may cost more; and, therefore, they have
corrected our limitation, by putting it at not ex-
ceeding $150 to each person. It does not require
that expenditure, if the expenditure is unneces-
sary. It simply authorizes it, if $100 is found
insufficient. As we have agreed that the duty of
restoration ought to be performed, I am not dis-
posed to differ with the House, by cutting down
the extended limitation; for if it is to cost more,
I see no reason why we should notpay it, as well
as to pay $100; but it does not require that $150
shall be expended. It only says that $150 may
be expended, if necessary.
Mr. MALLORY. I voted for this bill in its
former position; but I shall be constrained to vote
against any increased compensation, because I
happen to know it is not necessary. I know
what offers have been made to carry these negroes
to Africa. I know precisely what it can be done
for.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is not. necessary it
will not be used. Are you not willing to trust it
to the Department ?
Mr. MALLORY. I never know an instance
where Congress authorized the expenditure of a
sum of money that it was not expended. In the
face of the fact that it is not called for, is not ne-
cessary, and that offers have been made to carry
them for the price in the bill, I cannot vote for
this proposition. I hope it will not be increased.
Mr. POWELL. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary, when they had this mutter under consid-
eration, investigated it, and were unanimously of
opinion that $100 was sufficient; and I hope that
limitation may be retained in the original bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Mo^rs. Anthony, Bingham, Cameron, Chand-
ler, Clark, Coilamei, Crittenden, Dixon, Doohttlc, Duikct',
Fe.sendcuj Foot. Foster, Crimes, Hale, Ilamim, Harlan,
Kinji, Scwnid, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull,
Wade, Wilkniron, and Wilson—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Bajard, Bigler, Bra™, Bright, Brown,
Chngman, Davis, Fitch, Fitzpatuck, Gieen, Gwin, Hemp-
hill, Hunter, Ivereon, Johnson of Tennessee, Kennedy,
Lane, Latham, Mallory, Mason, Nicholson, Polk, Powell,
Rice, Saulsbury, Thomson, and Toombs—27.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to concur in the
other amendment of the House. I suppose there
will be no objection to that. It arises from the
fact of an additional cargo having arrived.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
concurring in the next amendment of the House,
in line eleven, of the third section, after the word
