I860.'
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
i&m
of the public money. Therefore it is that I favor
the proposition which has been moved by the gen-
tleman from Ohio. The time required for these
references would be money saved to the Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. The Commit-
tee of Ways and Means only make appropriations
upon estimates from the Departments, based upon
existing law. Suppose there is an appropriation
for the removal of a bar, or any other obstruction
from the Mississippi river: how was the first au-
thority granted for that appropriation? By law,
properly reported from the Committee on Com-
merce. That law provided that something should
be done. Then it became necessary that esti-
mates should be made for the execution of that
law. Those estimates, when made, are sent to
the Committee of Ways and Means, and, after
inspection by that committee, arc, in the form
decided upon, included in the appropriation bills.
No fault is, therefore, to be found with the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means. They do not as-
sume any jurisdiction in the matter which does
not belong to them, no authority which has not
been granted to them. They make 110 provision
for appropriations not warranted by existing law.
If there is fault anywhere, it is with the House,
for voting to keep provisions in the appropriation
bills which are useless and unnecessary.
How (S it, too, with regard to appropriations
for the construction of fortifications' They have
first been provided for by law, reported to the
House, anu passed, on motion of the Committee
on Military Affairs. When the construction of
a fortification has been authorized by law, of
course the estimates for that work must be sub-
mitted by the Department, and when submitted,
are acted upon by the Committee of Ways and
Means. Appropriation is then made to carry that
law into execution.
Mr. Speaker, let us look to the mischief, the
evil that will result from the proposed change.
We know that the rules provido that tho Com-
mittee of Ways and Means shall be careful to
exclude from the appropriation bills everything
like independent legislation. The theory of the
appropriation bills is, that they shall embody the
estimates necessary to carry 011 the Government
under the law, and not embrace new and inde-
pendent legislation. The Committeeof Waysand
Means has no jurisdiction of new legislation.
That, under the rules, is properly distributed
to the other standing committees, excepting, of
course, the matters (hat relate to the finances.
The appropriation bills, therefore, as they come
from the Committee of Ways and Means, are
nearly always free from everything like independ-
ent legislation, from any provisions changing ex-
isting law and enacting new law. Send these bills
to the several standing committees—the Indian
bill to the Committee on Indian Affairs; theNavy
bill to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and so
011—and those committees will ingraft upon the
appropriation bills all tho independent legislation
that they may think to be necessary. They may 1
claim in the House, too, that their amendments
shall all be voted 011 before the passage of the bills.
What embarrassment will it create ? The time
due to the passage of the appropriation bills ne-
cessary to carry on the Government will then be
consumed m controversies over the thousand and
one new schemes of independent legislation.
Mr. STANTON. We do not claim the right
to put new legislation upon, but-only to amend,
the' bills that cainf fiom the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. _ If that is so,
why not, then, let thes" appropriation bills, when
reported by the Committee of Ways and Means,
go to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union—go there as clean bills; and then al-
low 1 he several standing committees to move their
reports, which do not inaugurate mdependentlegis-
lation, as amendments5 Then independent legis-
lation can be excluded under the rules. It will be
more difficult to exclude such legislation when
these bills are sent to the other standing com-
mittees, and when those committees have entire
and exclusive jurisdiction over them. In that
event, what occasion wilK'there be lor aCommit-
tee of Ways and Means, of any committee, to take
cognizance of the appropriations and expendi-
tures of th<^ Government,! hat shall have the power
to look over the whole field, ascertain how much
it is necessary to appropriate, and to graduate the
appropriations, so that they shall conform to the
means of the Government and the condition of the
Treasury ? What, I sa^, further use is there for
such a committee, if its power is to be destroyed
by having its bills, when reported, taken from their
hands, and sent to fifteen or twenty other com-
mittees, who are afterwards to take charge of
' them? How will the business of this House be
discharged when, instead of one committee to take
charge of these bills, and arrange the order in
which they shall be taken up and considered, there
are twenty different committees, each urging its
own bill, and its own amendments, providing for
independent legislation?
But, Mr. Speaker, I am satisfied that this
House is not prepared to overthrow the system
which has prevailed since the organization of the
House, and therefore I will not detain them with
any further remarks at this time. I call ths pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The question- recurring first upon the motion
made by Mr. Sherman, ,
Mr. STANTON demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. FARNS WORTH called for tellers upon the
yeas and nays.
Tellers wore ordered; and Messrs. Farms worth
and Colfax were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes thirty-nine; a sufficient number.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative-—yeas 83, nays 82; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Green Adams, Wil-
liam C. Anderson, Iiarksdalo, Barrett, Bingham, Blair,
Boyce, Branch, fiuich, Burlmgame, fiuinham, Campbell,
Case, Clopton, Cobb, John Coclnane, Collax, Coopei,
Crawford, H. Winter l);u-is, John G. Davis Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edmundson, Eliot, Etheridgc, Farnsworth, Flor-
ence, Foster, Fiank, French, Oiow, Hale, llall, Hamilton,
fleiiniek, Ilickman. Iloaid, Houston, Hughe?, llutchiiis,
Irvine. Junkin, Fiancis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Ktl-
gore, boWitt C. Leach, Leake, Lee, Love, Lovejoy,
Maelay, Marston, McKcan, McKnlglll, MePherson, Mill-,
son, Montgomeiv, Mooihead, Morrill, Niblack, Noell,
Pciry, Peyton, Phelps I'oitcr. Pottle,Reagan, Christopher
Robinson, itoyce, Spinner, Stratton, VallanSigham, Van
Wyck, Waldi'on, Walton, Elhhu II. Washburne, Israel
Washburn, Whiteley, Wilson, and Woodruff—83.
NAYS — Messrs. Adinln, Aldiich, Alley, Thomas L.
Andeison, lllake, Boeock, Boilham, Brabson, Bristow,
Buflinton, Burnett, Bunoughs, Carey, John 15. Clark,
Clemens, Conkhng, Jamcri Craig, Cuiry, Ctutis, Davidson,
Dawes, Dc Jauiette, English, Feny, Gartrcll, Gilmer,
Gooeh, Graham, Hardeman, Jo'in T. Hams, Ilatton, Hill,
Holman, llowaid, Jackson, Jenkins, Lamar, Larrabee,
James M. Leaell, Logan, Longneeker, Loomis, Mallory,
Cliailes D. Martin, Elbert S. Martin, Maynard, McCler-
nand, McQueen, Meltae, Miles, Laban T. Moore, Syden-
ham Moore, Edwaid Joy Moins. Moise, Nelson, Olm,
Pendleton, Pugh, Reynold^, Rice, itiggs, Uutlin, Schwartz,
Scott, Simms. William N. II. Smith, Somes, Stanton,
Stevenson, William Stewart, Stokes, Stout, Tayloi,
Thayer, Ttieakei, Tompkins, Tiam, Trnnble, Underwood,
Vance, Wells, and Wiiglit—83.
So the bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole 011 the state of the Union, .and ordered to
be printed.
During the call,
Mr. COYODE stated that he would have voted
in the affirmative, had he been within the Hall
"when liis name was called.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi, stated that I10 was
still paired off with Mr. Vf.rree.
The result was then announced, as abpve re-
corded.
REFERENCE OF PAPERS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Interior, in relation
to certain judicial expenses, be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
PRINTING OF PRESIDENT'S MESSAGE, ETC.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the bill relative
to the printing and distribution of the annual mes-
sage of the President of the United States and ac-
companying documents was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing. The reference was made sim-
ply to allow the House an opportunity to examine
the bill; and I now desire to put it upon its pas-
sage.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 now withdraw the motion
to refer, and move that the bill be engrossed and
read a third time. I ask that the bill may be read;
and I hope the House will then pass it. I can
state in a few words, if desirable, what the pro-
visions of the bill are.
Mr. HOUSTON. I do no^think that the bill
ought to pass in the shape it was presented -the
other day. It is impossible to print the Presi-
dent's message before the meeting of Congress-
Mr. SHERMAN. The first section provides
that the President of the United States-shall cause
to be printed, so far as practicable, his annual
message and the accompanying documents, in
order that the same may be laid upon our tables
at the beginning of each session of Congress.
Now, sir, the President's message and accom-
panying documents are not yet printed, though
we are informed by the heads of bureaus that the
reports of the several Departments are ordinarily
made out thirty days in advance of the meeting
of Congress. Were these documents ready to be
laid upon our tables at the commencement of Con-
gress , we might at once commence our duties. Ths
Committee of Ways and Means, especially, are
greatly embarrassed for want of these documents.
There are reports which we desire to read before
we report our bills; but we cannot do it, because
the documents are not printed. We cannot send
to the Printerfor them, because the manuscript is
in the hands of the compositors. I do not see any
objection to the bill.
Mr. HOUSTON. I would like to have the bill
read.
The bill, which was read, provides that it shall
be the duty of the President to cause his annual
message and the accompanying documents, as far
as practicable, to be printed, and copies of the
same to be delivered to the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and Clerk of the House of Representatives
in time for distribution at the commencement of
each session; that the Secretary and Clerk dis-
tribute such message and documents in the man-
ner in which documents printed by Congress are
directed to be distributed; that the printing shall
be executed by the Printer of the Senate and the
Printer of the House of Representatives at such
rates as arc prescribed by law; provided that
each of the Printers shall be allowed one half of
the rate now allowed for composition, and no
more; that there shall be printed by the Printer of
the Senate, for the use of members of the Senate,
ten thousand additional copies of the message of
the President of tho United States, with the re-
ports proper of the heads of Departments and
chiefs of bureaus, communicated therewith, omit-
ting the statistical matter accompanying said re-
ports; and one thousand two hundred additional
copies for the use of heads of Departments; and
that there be printed by tho Printer of the House,
for the use of tho members of the House, twenty-
five thousand copies of the message and reports
proper, and five thousand copies of the said mes-
sage and accompanying documents.
Mr. VALLANDIGHAM. The only doubt I
have had in relation to the propriety of this bill
lias grown out of the contingency of such an in-
terregnum in the organization of the House as
occurred at the commencement of this Congress.
But I am satisfied now that that consideration
ought not to weigh much, bccause the President
communicates to the House only up to the first
Monday of December. If anything important
occuis subsequently, it is easy to communicate
it in a supplemental message. That is the usual
practice.
The bill, then, provides for furnishing the
House and the country with important informa-
tion; in the absence of which we all labor under
rne very great embarrassment and difficulty to
which the chairman of the Committee of Ways
, and Means has alluded. There is much matter
| communicated in the message and accompanying
j documents which I, as a member of this House,
i: desire to examine; yet, up to this 8 th day of March,
11 I have found it impossible to do so, because they
!i have not yet been furnished to members-: I trust,
1 therefore, the bill will pass. "
I Mr. HOUSTON. 1 do not see how the law
i can be executed, even if this bill should pass.
! There is this unanswerable objection to it: the
! President of the United States is required by tho
! Constitution to communicate his information to
! the two Houses of Congress; and if he delivers
i it to the Clerk, that will not be, m my judgment,
j complying with the Constitution. If the gentle-
| man desires the message and documents printed
I in advance of the commencement of each session
