THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1859.
New Series No. 4.
that. These men are essaying to force the South
to disunion. "We have come here from various
sections of this Confederacy, as patriots, elected
and delegated to represent the popular sense. Wo
nominated our candidate. We find gentlemen of
the opposite side presenting their candidate. We
come to inquire about this candidate, and what
do we find? We discover that he is personally
•obnoxious to the Representatives of the South,
because of essential objections. We find him the
representative of a party whose principles are
destructive of the Federal Union and of the sanc-
tity of the Constitution. We resist his election.
Some say we oppose his election upon technical
grounds and from factious motives. Very well,
then; wc take the responsibility of our position.
In this juncture of the struggle, the gentleman
from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer] gets up and
proposes a substitute for the resolution in which
the members from the South have designed to
embody their objections to the election of the
gentleman presented by the Republican party.
We have declared there that the principlesof the
platform of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] are violative of the Constitution and the in-
tegrity of the Union, and thatlic is therefore unfit
to fill the office of Speaker.
Tire gentleman from North Carolina, himself
representing a southern constituency, at this
critical time, when the Republican Opposition
were evidently embarrassed and disposed to beat
a kind of miscellaneous retreat, he—like the
divinity in Homer's Iliad, who rescued Paris
from the unequal combat—he, generous friend,
came forward and with his amendment creates
a cloud, in which he attempts to bear off the
vanquished enemy from ignominious defeat.
[Applause in the galleries and upon the floor.]
If I am able to prevent it he shall not accomplish
that object. No, I will arrest him and those
with whom he is endeavoring to escape from the
field. I will arrest them as fugitives. I will
bring them back before the House, and expose
the game they are playing in the face of the
country.
Gentlemen, this is exactly the issue. I have
observed that gentlemen of the other side are
disposed to trea.t this matter as a trivial one, as
insignificant, and altogether inconsequential. The
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kellocc] charac-
terized it this morning as a piece of political
strategy. We do not so regard it. I tell you in
no spirit of menace that wc consider it momen-
tous, and decisive of the development of that
great question, on the issue of which depends
the destiny of this Republic.
Mr. Clerk, the objections to the gentleman from
Ohio as a candidate for the Speakership lesolve
themselves into two classes. (I am not going to
detain the House much longer, for my voice is
failing me.) First, personal; secondly,political.
The first are political, as well as personal, in so
far as he may be considered responsible for the
sentiments of the Helper book. Now, if the gen-
tleman wants to repudiate the sentiments of that
production, I will not hold him to them. If he
will get up in the face of the House and the coun-
try, and magnanimously, ingenuously, and em-
phatically declare that he does not indorse the
sentiments, principles, and policy of that work, I
will forgive him, and make no further objection
to his election on that ground. As my colleague
[Mr. Leake] stigmatized it, he does not repudiate
that book, but instead puts in the plea of noil est
factum—a special plea, under which he endeavors
to escape the issue and responsibility. We chal-
lenge him respectfully and earnestly to meet the
issue before the country. Docs he indorse that
book? Does he approve the sentiments of that
book ? Still dumb••
What is the characteristic feature of that work ?
Some gentlemen have stated that they have not
read it. I have read it, and read it some two
years ago. These gentlemen who signed it tell
us that they never saw it. I have read it, and
know all about it; and let me tell you what the
characteristic distinction and feature of that work
is; let me inform the candidate for Speaker upon
the other side of the House, [Mr. Sherman,] who
seems ignorant of the production which he in-
dorses. It is not that the author proposes that
the North shall come down in an avalanche of
invasion and destroy the tie that subsists between
the slave and his master. No, sir; that is familiar
talk. Nor is it the literary execution of the work;
for I never read a book which is more feeble in
conception and inartistic in execution. It is un-
worthy of respectable criticism.
By the way, let me say here, that the first essay
of this Helper, or Heifer—whichever it be, for he
has an alias—in the province of letters, was sig-
nificantly unsuccessful. He came to Richmond,
where I then resided, a long-legged rustic, from
North Carolina. He came there with a book
with a taking title—and you remember Lord
Byron says all works should have a taking title
—called "The Golden Age." He produced the
manuscript of " The Golden Age" to a literary
editor, and insisted on reading it in so far as the
energies of humanity were competent to endure
the burden of the infliction. He said to the
literary editor that he had been North with the
manuscript to get it published, but that they
(northern publishers) were very unjust to south-
ern genius. I am telling you history now. He
said they did not appreciate us and ouj- intellect,
and would nfit buy "The Golden Age," that
they would not give it decent attention, that the
northern people were unjust, were scoundrels,
and did not appreciate anything that came from
the South. He would give it to this literary editor;
he would publish it from a southern press. But
the editor was at least candid in his criticism,
denied him the requisite approbation, and so the
bopk vanished from the city of Richmond; and
I presume the author came to the conclusion that
southern publishers were as unjust and as unap-
preciative as those of the North. Certain it is,
that the next time we hear of him in the field of
literature, he issues through a partisan publisher
in the State of New York a partisan book, riot-
ing in rebellion, treason, and insurrection, pre-
cisely in the spirit of the act which startled us a
few weeks since at Harper's Ferry.
He published the book; and it is not, let me tell
gentlemen besides, the statistics that arc worthy of
particular attention, because they are statistics
with which the public are familiar. But the
peculiarity of that book was that Mr. Helper, for
the first time in the history of this country, had
invoked, with all the power of passion, with all
his limited resources of rhetoric, the non-slave-
holders of the South to rise in rebellion against
the slaveholders. That was the peculiar merit
of his book.
Now the candidate for Speaker upon the other
side [Mr. Sherman] told us yesterday explicitly,
and citcd his political record as proof of it, that
he would not urge the Federal Government, nor
the people of the North, to interfere with the
relations of master and slave. I tell him now,
again, that that is not the characteristic of the
book. It is that the non-slaveholders of theSouth
shall rise, and by violence and bloodshed sever
the relation of master and slave. In the South
they were to accomplish this most desirable, as he
regards it,consummation of Abolitionism. Does
the gentleman approve that policy? That is
what we, the Representatives of the South, want
to understand. Does he approve that specific
feature of Helper's book?
1 understand the gentleman to say that he will
answer no further interrogatories, and therefore
I will not ungenerously press him; but I call
upon some one who is a champion of his claims
to say whether he indorses that idea, and
whether he approves the philosophy of that
work.
But, to proceed, it is not particularly any per-
sonal objection that I have to the Republican
candidate for Speaker; because, in all candor,
whether or no he subscribed to this work of
Helper is to me an insignificant question. As I
understand it, in a political sense, ho was bad
enough before; and, independently of that, bad,
enough to justify any opposition .which we, the
representatives of the South, might urge to hi-* t
election. Sir, he appears not only as a repre-
sentative, but the champion of the Republican
party. And what is that party? I speak soberly;
I speak without passion; I speak deliberately; 1
speak, I trust, the words of reason, and ccrtainly
the words of truth. What is that party? I said
in the beginning of my desultory remarks, that
the struggle was a mere incident in the develop-
ment of the grand Republican programme. What
is that plot? I speak as a southern man, and as
the Representative of the largest slaveholding con-
stituency in Virginia; but, because of that, by no
means ultra on this question in an offensive
sense; but a constituency who know their rights,
and, knowing, dare maintain them. Well, sir,
we have watched the progress of the Republican
.party, and this is its policy.
Here is a Government,framed by the jointcoun-
sels of the statesmen of Massachusetts and Vir-
ginia; established upon principles of liberty which
ave been vindicated by the concurrent and equiv-
alent efforts of heroes in both sections; a Govern-
ment ordained for the express purpose of protect-
ing our rights and liberties. This Government
is attempted to be usurped by the party of which
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] is the
representative, to the end of perverting it to the
oppression of our liberties and the destruction of
our rights.
A gentleman from New York [Mr. Clark]
yesterday, who declared that he represented the
wealthiest congressional district in the United
States, argued thence that it was the most conserv-
ative constituency, and charged that the respons-
ibility of the agitation of this sectional question
rested upon tlie Representatives of the South.
The Representative from Tennessee [Mr. Nel-
son] to-day catches up and reechoes the asser-
tion, that it is southern agitators who aro clamor-
ous for disunion. But he modified his statement
subsequently, and said that the people of the N ortli,
in that respect, were quite as bad as the people of
theSouth. I thank him for that poor compliment.
I tlfank him very much for certifying that the
secessionists of the South are no worse than the
Abolitionists of the North. Well; here is this
Republican party prostituting the Government
which was instituted for common protection and
mutual advantage; assailing our rights; denying
us equal participation in its benefits; resisting us
in the execution of the fugitive slave law; and
concurrently with this prostitution of the Gov-
ernment, we find our fellow-citizens of the North,
those who are bound to extend to us a cordial sal-
utation and assistance in every effort to promote
our welfare, vituperating us through the press,
from the rostrum, and the pulpit, stigmatizing us
as outlaws against the moral government of the
world, and so holding us up to the reprobation of
mankind.
Thus not only is the Government which was
instituted for our common protection and mutual
advantage prostituted to the purposes of aboli-
tion, perverted from its equitable ends, but at last
the audacity of abolition has aspired to, and act-
ually attained the point of an assault on tho
rights, liberties, and institutions of the South, in
the very sanctuary of its bosom. You have here
now the Republican party avowing these ideas
and aspiring to these ends. Three years ago
they barely missed usurping the control of the
power and patronage of the executive branch
of the Government. A distinguished Senator of
that party has declared that he and his party in-
tend to reorganize tho judiciary so that that, too,
may be the supple and serviceable instrument of
the aims and ideas of the Republican organiza-
tion. Thus we fmd that the majority at the North
intend to prostitute completely this common Gov-
ernment which our fathers jointly formed and
jointly vindicated against oppression; that Gov-
ernment which Washington and Jefferson and
Madison and all the hcroes^of the truly heroic
age established for the express purpose of seeur-
