1070
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
of Congress, he must allow/he Executive himself
to exercise his discretion as to its being printed,
and not require it to be delivered by him to any one
other than the two Houses of Congress; and then
he may communicate it to Congress, having kept
it under his own control. The message cannot
be taken away from him, by any law we may
pass, ki advance of its delivery to the respective
Houses. We have no authority, under the Con-
stitution, to require him to deliver his informa-
tion, whether m a written message or otherwise,
to the Secretary of the Senate or the Clerk of the
House.
Again, it is suggested to me, by a friend upon
my left, that it is not really, and cannot be, a
message of'the President of the United States,
until it is communicated to the House.
There may be, and often will be, other grave
reasons why the contents of the message itself
should be withheld from the public, and remain
in the exclusive possession and under the sole
control of the Executive, until the Senate and the
House are ready to receive it.
Again, Mr. Speaker, we have, at this session,
adopted a principle which, I presume, is a good
one, in ordering the accompanying documents to
be printed. The principle is, that statistical mat-
ter should be omitted in printing certain, docu-
ments. But who must judge of the matter to be
omitted? Your Printing Committees now judge
of it. Are you willing to pass a law by which
you will take from the Committees on Printing
the supervision of the documents, and allow the
Clerk of this House and the Secretary of the
Sen&te to say what shall be omitted in the Presi-
dent's message and accompanying documents,
and what shall be printed? It appears to me that
this is a dangerous and very extraordinary inno-
vation on the practice of the Government.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to correct f misap-
prehension into which the gentleman has fallen.
The bill itself defines what documents shall be
pnnted; that is, the message of the President and
the reports of the heads of Departments and bu-
reaus, without any statistical information. The
bill provides, justas the resolution of my colleague
[Mr. Gurley] provided the other day, what doc-
uments are to be printed.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is one objection which
I have to the bill, that it does so provide; because
it may be important that some of the statistical
information which accompanies the President's
message should be printed for the use of the two
Houses; butthis bill refuses all such information.
That seems to me to be a fatal objection. Much
of the statistical information which accompanies
the President's message might be omitted, and I
think should bo omitted, in the extra numbers;
but much of it is essential, and ought to be printed.
But again: I suppose the gentleman from Ohio
does not intend to include within the operation of
this law the report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. That is generally the most important docu-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. The estimates themselves
are printed and published under just such a rule.
Mr. HOUSTON. Yes; the estimates arc
printed; but the report of the Secretary of the
Treasury, which contains information of the state
of the finances, is not printed; and this bill does
not provide for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. That report is sent to us
directly.
Mr. HOUSTON. That is true. It is sent to
us directly; and therefore I say that this bill does
not include it, and under its provisions that doc-
ument will not be printed. That is the most im-
portantinformation connected with our legislation
at the beginning of a session of Congress, for the
reason that we n«*ed, and that document gives i\s,
information of the state of the Treasury, of the
finances, of the condition of the public debt, of the
revenue, of the annual and current receipts. We
want ail this information as soon as we commence
our session's legislation. It seems to me, there-
fore, that this bill qjnits the most important part
which ought to be printed, if anything ought.
But I believe it is all wrong, and the bill ought
not to become a law.
Again, sir, the Postmaster General does not, as
I understand it, send his report to the President.
It is .sent to Congress, so that that report must be
included expressly, if it is to be included at all.
It is not included in the gentleman's bill. And
thus we see that the bill applies to but very little
of the public business about which we need in-
formation, and which is material or important
for Congress to have at an early period. It is
important that the estimates should be printed, so
that the House and the Senate may take them up
early and examine them; and, under a joint reso-
lution, the estimates are so printed and laid on our
tablesat the beginning of each session. Then, if
there is to be any improvement at all, it seems to
me the greatest improvement would be to have
the report of the Secretary of the Treasury, which
is made directly to Congress, printed. That i^a
report which is, under existing law, made by the
Secretary direct to Congress. We have the power
to change the existing law which thus directs and
causes it to be printed, yet I doubt the wisdom of
even that change. But when you propose to make
the President of the United States submit his report
to anybody except to the two Houses of Con-
gress,'you undertake to do what, in my judgment,
you have no constitutional power to do. If you
desire it .to be printed,-you must authorize the
President of.the United States to have it done,
and retain it until Congress Assembles. The Pres-
ident can now have his message printed, if he
desires to do so, before he sends it to Congress,
and may make its contents as public as he may
choose; it is his document until sent to Congress;
then it becomes a public document—a State paper
—and is no longer under his control.
Mr. TAYLOR. I understand that the object of
the bill is simply to provide a means by which
the information necessary for the action of Con-
gress may be printed, so that members may have
it on the assembling of Congress. On an examin-
ation of this bill, it strikes me that it ought to be
modified in one particular, to meet the objection
which my friend from Alabama has spoken of.
The bill begins by declaring that" it shall be the
duty of the President" to do so and so. Under
the Constitution, the President is directed to give
information to both Houses of Congress with re-
gard to the state of the Union; and it is his pecu-
liar privilege to discharge that duty in accordance
with the decision of his own judgment. Itstrikes
me that the suggestion made by my friend from
Alabama deserves consideration; that the bill
should be changed, so that, instead of making use
of the word of command, it shall declare that the
President is authorized to make such a publica-
tion, or have such a document printed, as, in his
judgment, would be useful in the management of
the public business. With that modification, I
cannot see any objection to the bill. I therefore j
suggest that amendment. j
Mr. SPIERMAN. 1 have no objection to the i
gentleman proposing that amendment. I have no
authority to do it myself, as the bill is the unan-
41 imous report of the Committee of Ways and
Means.
Mr. TAYLOR. Then I propose the amend-
ment, that the words " the President be authorized
and requested" be inserted in lieu of the words
"it shall be the duty of the President."
The SPEAKER. The motion to recommit the
bill must be withdrawn before it will be in order
to amend. Do^s the gentleman from Ohio with-
draw his motion to recommit?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do, Mr. Speaker.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Louis-
iana now offers an amendment.
Mr. BRANCH. I have hastily prepared an
amendment, which I will read. It may, perhaps,
meet the views of the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means:
That so much of the documents accompanying the
Pic>idcnt,<? annual ino^age ho «hali think proper tode-
hvet to the Secretary of the Senate and the Cleik of the
Ilou^e of .Representatives, in advance of the meeting of
Congress, shall be printed and distributed in the manner
now prescribed by law for the printing and distributing of
documents ordered by Congress.
If that amendment meets the views of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means, I
presume it will be acceptable to the House. I
think the language of this bill, in its first section,
altogether too peremptory. It might cause in-
formation to be divulged which it would be im-
proper^ divulge. My amendment only refers to
the documents accompanying the message; not to
the message itself, because I do not think it proper
for this House or for Congress to call on the Pres-
ident to cause his message to be made public in ;
advance of its delivery to the two Houses of Con-
gress.
In addition to that, it would be an assumption
of power on the part of Congress to prescribe the
manner in which the President shall communicate
with Congress. The Constitution says he shall
give to us, from time to time, information on the
state of the Union. He has a right to communi-
cate that information to us in such form as he may
think proper. In the early history of the Gov-
ernment, we know that the President came to
Congress, and communicated to Congress in per-
son. For many years past, the Presidents have
been in the habit of communicating in writing.
He has a right to communicate in whichever way
he thinks proper; and I think that any bill which
undertakes to prescribe the manner in which he
shall communicate with us, which requires that
he shall do so in writing, and that his message
shall be printed in advance, wjll be, to say the
least of it, a violation of good taste, if not of prin-
ciple. I therefore now, with the consent of the
gentleman from Ohio, offer this as an amendment.
Mr.CLEMENS. I am in favor, Mr. Speaker,
of the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from North Carolina; and, if I can have the at-
tention of the House for a few moments, I would
like to satisfy the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means that the amendment ought to
be adopted. I desire to present to the House con-
cisely the views that strike me in regard to the
original proposition and to the proposed amend-
ment.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the language of the Con-
stitution is, that " the President shall, from time
to time, give to the Congress information of the
state of the Union, and recommend to their con-
sideration such measures as he shall judge neces-
sary and expedient." It is not necessary forme
to elaborate the points which the gentleman from
North Carolina has presented.
The great objection to the first clause of this
bill, it strikes me, is, that it prescribes the mode
in which the President shall communicate to Con-
gress; and it goes still further than that—it pre-
scribes that he shall communicate at the com-
mencement of each session.
Now, we know, from two remarkable exam-
ples, that there may be no Congress of the United
States, constitutionally organized, for months after
the session commences. And in what condition
do you place the affairs of the country, if you
insist on this proposition ? You compel the Pres-
ident to place, in advance, before the country and
the world, the most delicate questions of foreign
and domestic policy.
The framers of the Constitution contemplated
the English mode of communicating with Con-
gress—that is,by address in person; and the gen-
tleman from North Carolina has well remarked,
that in the early period of the Government that
mode was adopted. It was Mr. Jefferson who,
for the first time in the history of the Govern-
'ment, communicated a written message to Con-
gress. He did it for his own convenience, be-
cause he had none of the graces of the orator,
while he had the graces of the pen; and he pre-
ferred to communicate to Congress through the
pen, instead of that ready instrument, the tongue.
It was not the first innovation that Mr. Jefferson
introduced into the Government, and it certainly
was not the best.
However that may be, sir, I am opposed to the
original provision of the bill, for the reasons given
by the gentleman from North Carolina, as well as
that which I have indicated, and which is, in
brief, that we possess no constitutional power to
prescribe the mode in which the President shall
communicate such considerations of public policy
as he thinks proper to this body. I shall there-
fore vote in favor of the amendment of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think this discussion has
gone far enough; and I call the previous question.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I think this is a
bill of such importance in its principles and in
its effects, that it should not b"e pressed through
under the previous question at this speed. I wish
to submit a few remarks in regard to its bearings.
I do not intend to protract the debate, nor do I
intend to submit an elaborate argument.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I will withdraw the
demand for the previous question, and move to
recommit the bill, so as to give the gentleman
