50
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
eSigh^.of all; that Government is to be
perverted to the aims of sectional fanaticism and
aggrandizement, and is to be made efficacious for
the oppression of our liberties and the spoliation
of our rights. Yes, that "justice" which, in the
lajiguagp of th,epreamble to the Constitution, this
Federal authority was ordained to "establish,''
has been perverted to our oppression and spolia-
tion; and that" domestic tranquillity" which the
Union was formed to "insure," is disturbed in
so far that we arc pillaged by compatriots, while
fellow-citizens incite our slaves to insurrection.
Now, Mr. Clerk, is it wonderful that we who
see the scroll unrolling before our eyes, we who
see theinexorabledevelopment of this plot, should
declare with earnest spirit our determination to
know where we stand and what our adversaries
intend to do
We have come to the gentleman who is the
leading champion of this party, who is the sig-
nalized exponentof its principles,and who aspires
to preside over the deliberations of this House
and to dnect the proceedings of the Federal Con-
gress—an important, antl, in truth, a controlling
branch of the Government—and have asked the
question, what we are to expect of him and his
party ?
Now, gentlemen, shall the Representatives of
the people of the South quietly submit to that
gentleman taking possession of that chair, usurp-
ing that power, controlling and directing the policy
of the Government for the next two years for the
promotion of the aims and purposes which his
party boldly and defiantly avow? I say, never;
never, sir; so far aw legitimate resistance may be
opposed to his election. We will encounter all
responsibilities; we will exhaust invention; we
will do whatever parliamentary law will permit,
in order to .prevent the sad catastrophe of the
champion of the Republican party and its princi-
ples taking possession of that chair. We have
taken issue on that, and there we stand. The gen-
tleman from Tennessee [Mr. Nelson] and the
gentleman from North Carolina [Mr. Gilmer]
dcckuc that the position we assume is untenable;
that the opposition we arc making to this gentle-
man is unwarrantable. They censure us. They
£0 before their constituents m the South on that
issue. Are wo justified in resisting the election
of the Republican nominee for Speaker by all
legitimate expedients and resources? That is the
issue. They say we occupy an untenable posi-
tion; that our resistance is extreme, and thatgthe
election of the Republican nominee for Speaker
of the House is not a public calamity which the
Representatives of the South should resist by all
warrantable expedients. Do I state their position
correctly ? If not, I would be glad to be corrected.
1 am not corrected; and on that issue I go to the
country, and have no fear whatever of the popular
verdict.
I do not believe, however, that the gentlemen
from Tennessee and North Carolina represent
(he sentiments of the southern Opposition on this
floor. J do not believe that m this lmmment
struggle, in this desperate collision af opposing
forces—of those who uphold the Constitution
and the Union, and those who expel the .spirit of
equity from the Constitution—in this terrible and
irrevocable and desperate struggle between the
true friends and the enemies of the Union, all the
southern Opposition occupy the position which
the gentleman from Tennessee would assign them
—that is (o say, a position of neutrality between
the contending parties. If I were allowed to give
names, I might distinguish some Representatives
of the southern Opposition from Tennessee, Lou-
isiana, Virginia, Georgia, and Kentucky, who, in
this '* lrrepiessible conflict," as proclaimed in this
intern ecmuand exterminating war, will not occupy
the position of indiftVience assigned to them—
seeing in the one scale the aggrandizement, usurp-
ation, and audacity of Abolitionism, and m the
other, the quiet and peace and secuiity and rights
and honor of the South.
Now, sir, 1 appeal to them as representing
southern constituents m this initial pielimmary
contest, to take now and forever their position.
I admonish them not to essay any medium course.
I invoke them at once to assume an unmistakable
position; because pie time will come, as inevitably
a3 any logical sequence, when they will have to
assume it. 1 ask?it because I award to them as
much credit for being true to the rights of the
South and the Constitution as I claim for myself,
coming as we do from the bosom of the same
i southern "constituency."
And I think I am justified, also,in appealingto
our associates among the Democracy of the North
who are known as '4 anti-Lecompton Democrats.5'
I am willing to give them credit for honesty,
credit for patriotism, perhaps I will not deny
them the praise of, at least, partial wisdom in the
course which they pursued in the last Congress.
They come protesting that they do not intend to
sunder their relations with the Democratic organ-
ization. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Clark] yesterday even vauntingly proclaimed
! that he was a member of the Democratic party.
These gentlemen thus claiming to belong to the.
Democratic organization, thus repudiating any
association with the Republican party on this
floor, I say I am justified in making an appeal to
them, and I am reinforced in that appeal by the
allegiance of friendship and political fealty which
they profeas to Judge Douglas, whose name has
been interpolated into this debate, and who, I un-
dertake to say, is, in all his instincts, with the
Representatives of the South on this occasion. I
speak from the book when I say it. I invoke
them not only by their consideration for the sanc-
tity of the Constitution and the perpetuity of the
Union, but by their own consistency and political
integrity, to rally around our standard, and so aid
us in solving this difficult and momentous prob-
lem of an organization. Rescue us from the brink
of the precipice on which we stand. I invoke
you to aid us in an immediate organization of the
House. We have put forward an acceptable can-
didate, om#\vho has never occupied any offensive
or unpatriotic position. One who is temperate in
his policy and conservative in his opinions. I say,
I invoke these gentlemen to come up and aid us
in the organization of the House and in relieving
the anxious suspense of the country.
Mr. Clerk, I feel that I owe an apology to the
House for the length of time 1 have trespassed
upon their patience, but I could not, after hearing
the remarks and observing the position assumed
by the gentleman from North Carolina [Mr.GiL-
mer] and the gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr.
Nelson,] as a southern Representative, sit silent
without uttering my protest against the doctrines
which they have enunciated, andgiving, briefly, and
certainly inadequately, the reasons for the grounds
upon which I stand, and which is occupied by
the members with whom 1 am proud to cooperate.
Mr. NELSON. I did not exactly understand-
the character of the remarks of the gentleman
from Virginia in his opening, but I have simply
to say that so far as I am concerned 1 do not L&-
long to that class of gentlemen who adopt the
code of dueling as their mode of settling disputes;
nor am I in the habit of indulging m menace or
bravado. I will only add, however, that in any
thing I have said, or may say, I am competent to
protect myself against any assault either in the
House or out of it. [Applause on the Republi-
can and American side of the House and m the
galleries.]
Mr. PKYOR. I will not violate parliamentary
decorum. 1 say to the gentleman that he may
dismiss his apprehensions; I am not going to
assault him. [Laughter and applause.]
Mr. NELSON. I have no apprehension either
from the person or from the arguments of the
gentleman, if any thing he has said can be digni-
fied by the name of argument. But he seems to
be in the habit of talking so much in the dark
that I confess I am at a loss to understand the
bearing of his remarks. I understood the gentle-
man iii one breath to associate me and the party
to which I belong with the Black Republican
party of the North 
Mr. PRYOR. I am sure no such remark es-
caped me. I particularly and gladly disconnected
him from the other members of the southern Op-
position.
Mr. NELSON. Precisely. Now, so far as
the gentleman is concerned, and so far as any
sentiments avowed by me in this House are con-
cerned, I have said nothing which I desire to es-
cape from. I have said nothing here which I am
not ready to defend, and nothing that 1 have not
substantially avowed before my constituents.
Mr. PRYOR. Permit me to say, and just
here, in order that I may not be brought to occupy
a false position, that I did not in my argument
attempt to impeach the gentleman's patriotism;
on the contrary, I expressly admitted it.
Mr. NELSON. Then I have no desire to reply
to anything the gentleman has said personally;
but there are some of his remarks which I think
require correction at my hands. The gentleman
spoke of my being a member of the so-called
American party, as if that were a reproach and dis-
honor.
So far as I am concerned, I glory in having
been a member of the American party. [Ap-
plause.] I have avowed it before my constituents,
and I am not ashamed to avow it before the whole
land. I believe that party was a noble party in
itsaimsandin its purposes. But I will not enter into
a discussion of them here,further than to say that,
as I understand, one of them was to protect the
Protestant religion "of this land against encroach-
ment from any and every quarter; and the other
was to protect the American Union from a disso-
lution. Those were two cardinal objects of the
American party. There was nothing in them
which conflicted with any previous sentiment
which I ever entertained. Humble as I am, as
the gentleman seems to have been inquiring into
my antecedents, I will tell him a little more, which
will probably be as distasteful as the other. I
claim not only to be an American, but to be a
Whig, and to have been a Whig all my life.
[Prolonged applause upon the floor and m the
galleries.] 1 am opposed to the modern Democ-
racy in every shape and under every form. [Re-
newed applause.] I have so said mother places,
and I am not afraid to express it here. No, sir;
no. But whilst the gentleman has been inquiring
in regard to me, I must confess that I have not
had the pleasure to ascertain much in regard to
his antecedents. [Laughter.] If 1 mistake not,
I have heard a sentiment of his, or one attributed
to him, which I must say met with my hearty
approbation—strange as the House may think it,
that the gentleman and myself concur in one sen-
timent—a sentiment which he uttered while he
was conducting a newspaper in this city, if he is
correctly reported.
Mr. PRYOR. What have I done for which
you praise me ?
Mr. NELSON. You used thatmemorable ex-
pression, which was stereotyped m many of our
| southern papers, and with which we did good
| service in the; contest in Tennessee—that "from
| the by-ways and highways of the Government
the rottenness of corruption sends forth an insuf-
ferable stench. Why arc the people so patient?
Why slumbers the indignation of the Democracy?"
[Prolonged laughter and applause all over the
House.] Sir, in that sentiment I concur, and it
delighted me when I heard it in Tennessee, for I
thought the gentleman talked like a man of sense.
Nothing has been saul better by anybody m this
Union.
But, Mr. Clerk, the gentleman says that he wor-
ships the Constitution, and that I came here to
make a speech in behalf of the American Union,
and that I do not say one word in regard to the
Constitution. If I mistake not it is the common
sentiment of the secessionists of the South, that
they talk about the Constitution and say nothing
about the Union. When I talk about the Union
what do I talk about? I talk about that thing
■which is the result of the American Constitution.
[Loud applause upon the floor and in the galleries.]
I speak of the larger idea. When I say that I am
in favor of the Union, that carries everything along
with it. It carrics the Constitution with it; and
it carrics everything else with it that any patriot
in this land should desire to support.
Mr. BONHAM. The honorable member then
puts the Union above the Constitution.
Mr. NELSON, f put the Union and the Consti-
tution together, because the one cannot exist
without the other. [Loud and protracted ap-
plause.]
Mr. KEITT. And there the Republicans dif-
fer with you.
Mr. NELSON. I told you, gentlemen of the
House, when I addressed you before, that I did
not expect that my sentiments would meet with
the approbation of extreme men from the North
or extreme men from the South. [Applause.] It
makes no difference to me whether the Repub-
licans and myself differ in regard to that senti-
ment. I believe that it is a patriotic sentiment.
I believe that it is the sentiment of a large major-
