2014
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
I offered is adopted, it will bring a revenue of
from §400,000 to $500,000 into the Federal Treas-
ury. It will not affect, in any manner whatever,
the thirty-one States on this side, because rice is
a product the same as wheat, corn, or any other
article which your agriculturists produce. These
Chinamen send to foreign countries and import
the article of rice with the gold which they get
out of the mines of California; and 1 think if they
desire to deal in foreign luxuries they ought to be
made to pay for the same. I therefore hope that
the tax will be raised from fifty cents, as proposed
in tlic bill, to one hundred cents, as proposed in
my amendment,
Mr. HOARD. I beg to ask the gentleman from
'California if other miners do not use rice, as well
as Chinamen?
Mr. SCOTT. They do.
Mr. HOARD. Then, sir,itis an article of com-
mon consumption.
Mr. SCOTT. It is chiefly the article of con-
sumption with the Chinese. They eat scarcely
anything else but rice. It is their national food,
and I am satisfied that the miners of California
will be -willing to pay an additional tax, provided
they can get rid of the forty thousand Chinamen,
for the feeling towards them is not of a friendly
character.
Mr. IIOARD. It seems, therefore, that we arc
to drive out Chinese niineis. This is the amount
of the gentleman's amendment. Now, the gold
which the Chinamen produce is, I suppose, n vom-
rnon benefit. If they are a class of men who live
clneily on rice, at the rate of duty now paid, it
seems to me that it would be very Gad policy that
they should be driven out, because then the duty
would cease altogether. We now raise §400,000
duty upon rice imported by these men. If an
additional duty be placed on rice, it will not be
imported at all. It seems to me, therefore, the
proposition is simply to cut oil* half a million from
the levenue; and therefore I object to it.
The question was taken on Mi*. Scott's amend-
ment, and it was rejected.
Mr. PIIELPS. I propose to amend, although
I have no expectation of making any material
change or alteration in the bill now under consid-
eration. I propose, in the twelfth section, to strike
out after tlie word1 k unmanufactured," in the sixth
line, the words:
u The value wheieof, at the last port or placc I'rom whence
cxpotted to the United States, >-h.UI exceed sixteen cents
pej pound, then1 plmll be levied, collected, and paid, aduty
ot eight cent^ pei pound."
The article f have indicated relates to wool. Al
the present tunc there is but a small amount of
wool imported into the United States that pays any
duty. The duty on wool is twenty-four per cent.
advalorem,i\\)d the amount of revenue derived from
this source has been a mere bagatelle for the last
few years. The tariff of 1657 provides that wool
costing less than twent y cents a pound at the port
from whence exported shall be admitted into the
United States duly free. The result is, that no
wool of any consequence is imported into the
United States except th.it which is duty free. The
value of the importations of wool into the United
States for the last four years is as follows :
For the year 1856 $1,G6.~>,0G1
1*07 
"  
" J8f>y  4,303,1:21
The amount of duty collected during the years
1850 and 1857 was as follows:
For 1U5G $-1,995 19
lb^7  G,377 UU
And at the present time, as I remarked, the amount
of duty collected is merely nominal. It is now
proposed here to change the existing law in this
particular; that, instead of a duty of twenty-four
per cent, ad valorem on <tll wool costing more than
twenty cents apoundat the port whence exported,
a specific duty of eight cents a pound should be
imposed on all wool costing more than sixteen cents
a pound at the port whence exported; and that ail
wool costing less than that will be admitted duty
free. You will find the same result to follow this
measure as we have experienced under the pres-
ent law. There will be no wool, or next to none,
imported into the United States, except that winch
will come in under the fiee list. Gentlemen on
the other side may say that wo arc not raising
in the United States coarse wool like that brought
from Turkey, Africa, and South America. We
are producing that description of wool. It has
been produced in the State of Texas, and in the
Territories of New Mexico and Utah. In those
Territories, at this time, a large amount of this
kind of wool could be saved, provided the sheep-
owners thought fit to take the trouble of shearing
the sheep and sending the wool to market. In
the Territory of New Mexico, last year, more
than 800,000 pounds of wool was shorn for the pur-
pose of being sent into the States. The coarse
wool ^vas worth about six cents per fleece, the
purchaser being at the expense of washing and
shearing it. A similar description of sheep has
been brought from portions of Texas. Yet, in
the State of Texas, and in the Territories of New
Mexico and Utah, they are now seeking to im-
port a breed of sheep so as to improve the qual-
ity of wool. But if we make the proposed change
in the tariff bill, the greater amount of the wool
imported into the United States will be still ad-
mitted duty free, if the collection ig to be on the
value of the wool at the port whence it is exported
to this country.
Some gentleman talk about protecting agricul-
ture; but if they could understand the provisions
of this bill tliey would see that it is for the pro-
tection of the manufacturing interests to the in-
jury and detriment of the agricultural interests.
Even on somearticles that arc grown in the State
of Ohio there seems to be a reluctance to increase
the rate of duty; articles the culture of which
gentlemen represent was increasing,and probably
would increase, pi ovided we imposed a reasonable
rate of duty that would protect them, and yield
some revenue to the country. We desire to raise
the revenue at this time; and I would be willing
for a modification of the tariff ill some particulars,
because I do not esteem the tariff of lb57 as per-
fect; but if I attempted to make a modification of
tin' existing law, it would be with a view of ob-
taining more revenue than is obtained under the
present taiitf.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's
amendment, and it was rejected.
The Clerk commenced to read the thirteenth
section.
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, has the
twelfth section been passed?
The CHAIRMAN. It has been passed.
Mr. STANTON. It is not too late to amend it.
The CHAIRMAN. II y unanimous consent we
can go baek.
Mr. STANTON. That is rather sharp practice.
The CHAIRMAN. The Cleric had commenced
reading the thirteenth section; he had read two or
three hues of it when the gentleman from Ohio
addressed the Chair. It is in order to go b&ck by
general consent of the committee.
Objection was made.
Mr. HOUSTON. No other amendment was in
order, and the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio was in time. It is true the Clerk had com-
menced reading the other section, but now that
section is not open for amendment. You cannot
amend the thirteenth section, and it is therefore
not out of order to move to amend the twelfth
section.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
it to be the universal usage, that when the com-
mittee has passed from one section of the bill to
another, and the Clerk has commenced reading it,
it is not m order to go back, except by the general
consent of the committee; and so the Chair rules
on this case.
Mr. HOUSTON. In this particular case the
Chair is adhering very closely to the strict con-
struction of the rule.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has no desire
to rule differently from what he understands to
be the practice of the House. The Chair now in-
quires whether there is objection to going back ?
Air. DAVIS, of Maryland. I object.
Mr. STANTON. I insist that at any time be-
fore the thirteenth section was submitted for
amendment, it was in order to move an amend-
ment to the twelfth section. The Clerk read on,
without stopping, from the twelfth to the thir-
teenth section, and by sharp practice of that kind
any gentleman could be prevented from offering
aa amendment. If the Chair insists on his de-
cision, I must appeal.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk had read down
to the third line of the thirteenth section before
the gentleman from Ohio rose; and the Chair is
bound, in accordancc with the universal practice
of the House, to decide that it is not in order to go
back, except by-unanimous consent. The gen-
tleman from Ohio appeals from the decision of
the Chair;and the question is, "Shall the decision
of the Chair stand as the judgment of the com-
mittee
Tellers were ordered on the appeal; and Messrs.
Stanton and Phelps were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 67, noes 70.
So the decision of the Chair was overruled.
Mr. STANTON. I offer the following amend-
ment to the twelfth section of the bill. Strike out
the proviso from line nine to line eighteen, as fol-
lows:
"Provided, That any wool of the sheep, or hair of the al-
paca, the goat, and other like animals, which shall be im-
ported in any other than the ordinary condition, as now
and heretofore practiced, or which shall be changed in it3
character or condition for the purpose of evading the duty,
or which shall be i educed in value, by the admixture of dnt
or any foreign substance, to sixteen c^nts per pound, or
less, shall be "subject to pay a duty of eight c$nts per pound,
anything in this act to the contrary notwithstanding."
And insert, in lieu thereof, the folltfwing:
That all imported wool which shall contain a larger ad-
mixture of dnt, bur*>, yolk, gi ease, or other Mibstanees other
than pure wool as cleansed and ready lor carding, than good
merchantable wool of a similar qualify and fineness, the
growth and produce of the United State?, shall be re-
duced in weight to the extent of such excess, and duty shall
be levied on such imported wool according to its value per
pound when so leduced in weight.
Mr. Chairman, it is not proposed to change the
rates of duties or the price at which wool shall
come in free of duty. I am content to let that
subject stand upon the law of 1857. All I ask of
the manufacturers of wool is, that they shall give
us a provision in this bill that shall work out the
true intent and meaning of the law of 1857, and
nothing more nor less. By the law of 1857, all
wool valued at less than twenty per cent, comes
in free of duty. I find, by the table of imports,
that there were imported last year §11,438,093 of
free wool,and $81,OOOof wool paying duty. Now,
there is no man who knows anything of the qual-
ity of the wool imported, who does not know that
if that wool, that has been so imported fiee, had
been reduced to the condition of merchantable
wool, laised in this country, more than half of it
would have paid duty.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to correct the gen-
tleman's statement as to the amount of wool im-
ported. I think he is not correct. I think the
amount imported was something over $4,000,000.
Mr. STANTON. I may be in error; and if so,
I will correct the error before I take my seat. The
proposition that I make is, that in consequence
of the manner in which that wool is imported,
whether intentionally or unintentionally, you
bring in free of duty an article of precisely the
same quality, the same fineness, adapted to the
same uses, as the great bulk of the wool produced
in the United States.
It was said, at the time of the passage of the
tariff of 1857, that we did not import, to any ex-
tent, the coarser wools; they wanted the coarse
wools to mix with the finer wools, and they
wanted the coarse wools for the manufacture of
carpets, and other coarser articles of that descrip-
tion. We replied, very well, you may have that
description of wool." But now it is claimed by
these same gentlemen that the duty shall be re-
duced on all the grades of wool ranging from
twenty-eight to fifty cents per pound. They tell
us that the foreign article has some peculiar qual-
ities which are a little different from our own wool;
and they tell us that, although the law of 1857
has not been executed and carried out in such a
manner as it was contemplated, and although fine
wool has been imported under it, yet it has done
us no harm. They say that, notwithstanding we
have had, in fact, free wool in all qualities, yet,
on the whole, wool lias borne a very good price,
and therefore let us have free wool.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I want this bill to be what
it professes to be. I do not want to be hum-
bugged. Either give us aduty upon fine wool that
shall protect us against impoitation, or else abol-
ish the duty altogether, and let it be in name, as
it is in reality, free wool. That is all I ask, and
I trust there can be no well-founded reason why
we should not have it.
It will be perceived, if any gentleman will take
