1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the pains to analyze the proposition, that it sim-
ply provides that when the duty is levied upon
foreign wool, it shall be reduced to the condition
of the merchantable wool produced in this coun-
try, if it is imported with a larger admixture of
dirt than is admitted in the merchantable wools
produced in the United States. That is all I ask.
And now I ask gentlemen, if anything else was
contemplated in the passage of the tariff of 1857?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The amendment
of the gentleman from Ohio materially varies the
mode of assessing the duties upon wool, although
he declares that such is not the intention with
which it is offered. Wherever there is a duty im-
posed , it is ofcourse imposed upon the value of the
wool in the foreign market from which it was
last imported into the United States, and in the
condition in which it is purchased in that market.
The duty imposed is not on the cleansed wool,
partially or wholly; it is not imposed on the wool
fit immediately to be manufactured; it is on the
article in the condition in which it is sold in the
foreign market.
'What the gentleman proposes is to change the
whole character of the article, in view of its com-
mercial value, and to fix upon itaspeculative value
of an article which has not been imported, and
which is unknown in the foreign market. The
effect of the amendment changes the question to
be decided by the revenue officers. The proposal
is not to ascertain by evidence whether the in-
voiced value of the wool, in the condition in which
it is imported into this country, is the true value
of the article in the country from which it is im-
ported; it is not to take testimony to show whether
there have been fraudulent invoices, but it is to
change the condition of the article; to make it
something different from that which has been pur-
chased, something upon which a price has never
been paid; and upon that changed article, to as-
sess a duty accoiding to a price guessed at in
America. In other words, the gentleman pro-
poses to assess the duty upon the American val-
uation instead of the foreign valuation. To that I
object, unless the same principle is carried through
the bill.
And there is one other objection to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio. How are you
to change the condition of the wool which is not
brought here by the importer in a state fit to be
sent to the manufacturer ? Are you to have a
cleansing establishment in every custom-house;
and is the cleaning of the wool to be made at the
public expense, or at the expense of the importer?
And again, how does the gentleman propose
to determine what is the character of merchant-
able wool in the United States, varying as the
quality and character of the article does from
Maine to New Mexico, and being sent, as it is,
in different conditions from different portions of
the country into market for different purposes ?
How can you fix upon anything like a reasonable
average as to cleanliness and compare it with for-
eign wool? Sir, it is palpable that the thing is
impracticable, and cannot be executed, as well as
that it is a violation of the whole theory of the bill
in respect to assessing the duty upon the foreign
instead of the home valuation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STANTON. Mr. Chairman, the gentle-
man from Maryland is mistaken when he says
that my proposition changes the mode or place of
valuation. It does no such thing. It simply
changes the character of the article to be valued.
If the article which is valued at a foreign port at
twenty cents per pound contains eighty per cent,
of dirt, and, upon comparison, it is found that the
average standard of American merchantable wool
contains fifty per cent, of dirt, then, when you
reduce the imported article to that standard, you
increase the value of that imported article thirty
per cent. "That is the whole of it. The foreign
valuation is the basis of the domestic valuation;
but the dutiable valuation is changed just by the
percentage that the article contains dirt above
the merchantable standard. That is all there is
of it. There is no substitution of the home valu-
ation for foreign valuation, at all. It is merely a
test of the character of the commodity which is I
impoited. i
But the gentleman from Maryland says that j
yon cannot execute tins piovision. Why, sir, if ij
you will examine the clause in the original bill !|
2015
for which this is offered as a substitute, you will
find that it contains provisions as difficult to be
executed as the proposition which 1 make. The
original section of the bill authorizes the custom-
house officers to inquire into the condition of this
commodity, for the purpose of fixing the rate of
duty to be assessed, and m order to guard against
frauds. I seek to make that certain which was
uncertain; to make that definite which was indefi-
nite. I propose that what this bill purports to
carry out shall be carried out, by fixing some
standard by which the custom-house officers may
be guided. Otherwise the protection which this
bill purports to give will be utterly delusive. It
has been utterly disregaided. Importations have
been made in defiance of it constantly. It is said
that the ordinary wool imported into this country
contains at least eighty per cent, of foreign mat-
ter. Wool worth over twenty cents, paying duty,
and wool worth less than that pjice, paying no
duty, the consequence is that this wool actually
pays no duty at all. It is mixed with dirt, so that
if it pays any it is merely a nominal duty. If
you intend to give us a duty on wool, then let us
have it honestly; but if you do not, then take it
off, and let there be no sham about the matter.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to offer a few remarks in
opposition to the gentleman's amendment, and 1
may as well do it now as at any other time. The
purpose of the amendment is either to protect the
Government against fraud on the revenue, or to
protect the wool grower against competition from
forcignimportations. If it be to protect the Gov-
ernment against fraud upon the revenue, there is
ample provision in the bill already for that pur-
pose; for the bill provides that all wool intro-
duced in any other than the ordinary condition—
that is, in any, other condition than that in which
the wool grows—if it have any foreign admix-
ture for the purpose of reducing its value, and
therefore defrauding the revenue—that that wool
shall pay the full duty If the gentleman designed
it tor that purpose, he should have provided in his
amendment for cases only where these foreign
substances are introduced for the purpose of de-
frauding the revenue. He carries his amendment*
so far as to say, that if grease be found in im-
ported wool, where it always occurs, and forms a
part of the wool, in a larger quantity than it is
found in the wool of the "United States of like
fineness, the full duty shall be imposed on it.
The grease is contained in the fiber—m the hollow
tube of thQ fiber. The amount ofgrease depends
upon very many circumstances over which no-
body has any control—the health of the sheep,
the feed of the sheep, the climate where they are
raised, and so on. I have, at my seat, wool pur-
chased in France at less than twenty cents per
pound, without a particle of foreign admixture,
but which, when it comes to be cleansed, will
shrink seventy-six and one fourth per cent.
If the object, on the other hand, be to protect
the wool grower, it has been demonstrated very
clearly, I think, that the wool grower receives
advantage from the intioduction of this kind of
wool. It enlarges the range of manufacture. It
calls for a greater demand for American wool in
connection with the manufacture of this wool.
There is, therefore, no occasion for this duty. It
injures the wool grower. The gentleman, I think,
does not understand the manner in which wool is
manufactured, and the necessity there is to have
the foreign wool to mix with the American wool.
He is mistaken.when he thinks that so much fine
wool introduced into the country supplants so
much American wool. It aids the manufacture
of American wool, and all the statistics since the
tariff of 1857 show that to be so. If, therefore,
the gentleman desires to increase the product of
American wool he must make a larger market
here, nt home, and a larger range of manufacture.
If he stimulates the introduction of such foreign
wool as is mixed with American wool, he will
stimulate and enlarge the manufacture of all kinds
of wool grown in this country.
Mr. STANTON. If that argument be a good
one, then you had better take all duty off of wool
imported into this country.
The amendment to the amendment was disa-
giced to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
Mr. Chairman, I am reluctant to differ from
my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Stanton",1 for I have
worked with him on this subject heretofore. I
Wish to say that the substitute proposed by the
committee for the bill before the House, changes
the original bill in this particular: it provides that
wool under eighteen cents a pound shall be free;
that wookfrom eighteen to twenty-four cents per
pound shall pay a duty of three cents a pound;
and that wool above twenty-four cents a pound
shall pay a duty of nine cents. I represent, in
part, a wool-growing State;and I say that I much
prefer the proposition I have stated. TheVool
that comes here from abroad comes in such a state
of filth that sometimes two thirds, and often four
fifths, of it is lost in the process of cleansing it.
If the manufacturers pay three cents per pound on
wool, with all the dirt and filth, in order to get it
in between eighteen and twenty-four cents, as I
have no doubt they will, it will be an advantage to
the revenue, and a protection to the wool grower
I am therefore much in favor of it.
Another word in relation to the usual condition
of the wool imported into this country. 1 am at
a loss to characterize the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Ohio as an absurd one, for I know
the general clearness and forcc of his mind, and
that he generally sees what is an absurdity as
quick as any man in this House. How are you
going to ascertain the ordinary condition of wool ?
The wool of Ohio, when it is taken to the manufac-
turers, does not shrink, by five or ten percent., so
much as the wool from Vermont. There is scarcely
a State in the Union where the condition of the wool
growndoes notdifferfrom thatofits neighboring
State. _We have hydrometers to test the strength
of spirits; we have theimometers to inform us of
the condition of the weather; but, sir, what kind
of instrument can we have to show the natural
and usual condition of the wool of this country ?
It is absurd, and wholly impracticable.
Mr. STANTON". Here is the proviso for
which my amendment is a substitute:
" Provided, That any wool of the sheep, or hair of the
alpaca, the g«at, and other like animals, which shall be
imported in any other than the ordinary condition, as now
and heretofore practiced, or which shall be changed in its
character or condition tor the purpose of evading the duty,
or which shall he reduced m value, by the admixture of
dirt or any ioreign substance, to sixteen cent1? per pound,
or less, shall be tubjeet to pay a duty of eight cents per
pound; anything in this act to tbe contrary notwithstand-
ing."
I believe, sir, that that is the handiwork of
my friend from Vermont; and yet he says that
it is an exceedingly absurd thing for me to in-
quire as to what is merchantable wool in the
united States. He puts into his bill a provision
that foreign wool shall be imported in its ordinary
condition, as now and heretofore. It was because
that provision was indefinite, uncertain, and im-
practicable, that I moved my substitute. I pro-
pose a thing which I suppose is a thing which
may readily be ascertained. I suppose that deal-
ers in wool know what a merchantable commod-
ity is just as well as dealers in wheat know what
is meichantablc wheat, it is easily ascertained
whether an articlc is merchantable, or better or
worse than merchantable. As the fact proves to
be, there is a deduction or an addition. There is
an old rule among millers, that if the wheat has
chicks mixed with it, it shall be reduced two or
five pounds to the bushel. In that way the price
was reduced. I suppose that there is amongst
dealers in wool, as there is amongst the dealers in
other commodities, some standard by which it is
determined whether the commodity is merchant-
able or not. Then I take the standard of a mer-
chantable commodity, produced in this country,
and largely consumed, an article of extensive
traffic and manufacture, and I make that the stand-
ard by which you may determine, with precise
accuracy, whether the imported commodity is
merchantable or not. That is my proposition;
nothing more, nothing less.
Mr. COVODE. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. STAN TON. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will excuse me from interruption in a
five minutes' speech, I will be obliged to him.
Mr. Chairman, we are told that we have not-
been damaged, by the act of 1857. It is denied
that under the tariff of 1857 we have imported the
finest quality of wool; but they say that, notwith-
standing all that, we have not been damaged. If
that be so, repeal the duty on wool and make it
free. Do not humbug us, and insult us with a
pretense of protection when we have not any.
