1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2 
urcs, but when I did study arithmetic, 1 never
knew any mode by which twenty-seven couid
out-count thirty-five, and from there up; and as
long as it is certain that there is a majority of
eight or ten against any practical modification of
the tariff at this session, I am not in favor of hold-
ing out false hopes to the country that, by sitting
here and talking, we can produce a different re-
sult. I do not believe it. I concur entirely with
the views presented by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania on this side—the thing is settled; and as
long as it is settled, it is not worth while to hold
out illusive hopes to the country that a different
result can be brought about. 1 do not believe it.
I do not believe, if we were to sit here and talk
ever so long, it would alter this state of things.
If gentlemen want issues to the country, we have
got enough of them. The idea that there is any
issue, as the honorable Senator from Massachu-
sette said, on Kansas, on the homestead bill, or
any oftho.se questions—why, sir, there is really
no moie issue relating to them than there is rela-
ting to Noah's flood. They are with the past;
they are matters of history; they are not, so far
as practical legislation this session is concerned,
living issues. We have tried and voted for them
in every form in which they could be brought,
and we have been voted down, and we shall be
voted down.
Mr. BIGLER rose.
Mr. HALE. 1 feel for my friend over there.
My friend from Pennsylvania, on that side, bears
a strong resemblance to one of the early preachers
©fChristianity, in standing up for a tariff on that
side. He is literally like the voice of one crying
in the wilderness. [Laughter.] I respect his mo-
tives, and I pity his condition. [Laughter.] But,
sir, the practical truth is just as I tell him; and,
under these circumstances, I feel inclined to fol-
low the practical wisdom of the chairman of the
Committee on Finance, on this subject, and shall
vote for Thursday.
Mr. BIGLER. The argument of my friend
from New Hampshire is somewhat extraordinary.
I have supposed him to be deeply concerned about
the great industrial interests of the country on the
subject of the tariff. Indeed all the Senators on
that side indicated great solicitude, and especially
my colleague, about it; and I must confess to
you, sir, I am not able to comprehend their posi-
tion this morning. I know no way of accom-
plishing this desirable end except by taking the
bill up and consideiing it. The Senator from
New Hampshire is not at liberty to prejudge
this case. I do not know by what authority he
has announced that nothing can be done, it is
certainly very clear, that the Senatois on that
side of the question cannot pass a bill alone with
my vote only; but nothing has occurred to make
it conclusive that there are not Senators on this
side of the Chamber who feel that there is a ne-
cessity for a revision of the tariff, and who are
willing to go into that subject. I hope that the
wish of my friend Horn New Hampshuc has not
been father to the thought which he has given us;
that he really desires to discuss this question be-
fore the people, rather than here where we can
get practical legislation.
Now, Mr. President, I think the Senate and
the country will bear me witness that, often as
this question has been broughtbeforeus, I never
have once attempted to draw it into the ordinary
partisan issues of the day. I said yesterday, and
X say to-day, I desire to consider it as a business
question, as a question of revenue, and as a ques-
tion affecting the great industrial interests of the
country, calmly and deliberately. I say there is
no force whatever in the suggestion that we can-
not consider tins question and dispose of it at this
session. We have any time we please to take;
and those Senators, like myself, who are very
anxious for the full and deliberate consideration
of this subject, it seems to me, have no other
course than to vote for the longest time we can
get.
Then, sir, Ictus have the settlement of the ques-
tion. The Senator from Virginia, on behalf of
the committee, has given us notice that he will
present a motion for postponement. On that we
shall have a decision. Now, I differ from the
Senator from New Hampshire, as well as from
my colleague, as to what will be the result of the
motion of the Senator from Virginia. I believe
that motion will fail, and that this subject will be
before the Senate for practical legislation. I will
say at the same time, in all candor, to the Sen-
ators on the other side, that they have reason to
think that they are correct in this conclusion.
There have been no indications favorable to the
result which wc desire; but, sir, I think I have
reason for the faith which is in me, that when
this question of postponing this subject is before
the Senate it will be defeated, and we shall find it
before us for practical legislation and final de-
cision.
Mr. CAMERON. My colleague seems to be
under the impression that I desire to vote for the
shortest time.
Mr. BIGLER. Oh, no, sir.
Mr. CAMERON. The coursg of his argument
was so. I repeat now, I shall vote for the long-
est day to extend this session. I do not, how-
ever, believe, us my colleague seems to do, that
there is the slightest chance of doing anything
here in regard to the tariff. "VVe had the question
nearly before us yesterday upon ingraftinga loan
bill on the appropriation bill There was but one
\ote against that proposition on the other side,
and that was the vote of my colleague. As to his
sincerity I have no doubt; but as to his judgment
in this matter, I have no confidence in it. He will
fail to give any support there except two or three
votes. I will remain here with him as long as any
one will lemain in the Senate, if that question is
brought up. It is one entirely in the hands of the
Democratic party. There will be no change in
the tariff until the Democratic party ceascs to
have a majority in this House. It is not their
policy. They are not apt to give up their cher-
ished policies for the sake of expediency, nor for
the sake of benefiting the Opposition party or
benefiting the country. Their line of policy is in
favor of the great agricultural intciests of the
South, which they think aic adverse to ours.
They contiol the legislation for that purpose, have
done so hitherto, and will do so hereafter. I re-
peat again, my colleague will got, on his side of
the Chamber, when this question comes up, only
two or three or four votes. It is true thi^notion
of the Senator from Virginia may be voted down,
and the day extended; but it will be because gen-
tlemen want to go to the Baltimore convention,
and then come back and finish business.
Mr. CLINGMAN. If this resolution should
be laid on the table, it can be taken up to-moriow
or the next day, and wc shall then see the prog-
ress we make. I therefore move to lay it on the
table.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will with-
draw the motion a single moment.
Mr. CLINGMAN. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. Before that 'motion is made,
I wish to say a single word m reply to a remark
made by the Senator from New Hampshire. The
Senator speaks of making up issues. Now, sir,
I want to be distinctly understood. I want to see
this revenue question settled without any icfer-
cnco whatever to party issues. I believe the great
interests of this country have been sacrificcd for
years by bringing this revenue question, which
is purely and simply a business question, into the
politics of the country. The House have passed
a bill. I think in four or six days we can exam-
ine its details and we can settle it. We can get
business done by the 28th.
In regard to the Kansas question, as an issue,
I care nothing about it. Kansas comcs here and
asks admission. The interests of those people re-
qunc that they should be admitted. I want to see
them Admitted into this Union. I do not know
that wc havo any tiling politically to gam by taking
votes or making an issue here upon H. 1 want
time, therefore, for the purpose of considering
those two great questions. In regard to the ques-
tion of an overland mail, it is a question of the
connection of our Pacific and Atlantic coasts—a
question for the general interests of the country,
and I do not see any party issues in that.
Now, sir, I wish to say distinctly, that in pro-
posing this day—the 28th—it is not for the pur-
pose of making up issues; but it is for the pur-
pose of taking' time to settle questions that are
important to the interests of the whole coun-
tI3The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fitzfat-
kick in the chair.) The question is 011 the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. WIGFALL. What is that?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. To insert
Thursday the 21st.
Mr. BIGLER. I thought the Senator from Vir-
ginia had withdrawn that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia withdraw his amendment?-
Mr. HUNTER. I had not offered an amend-
ment. I indicated Thursday as a day by which
we could get through; but I am not aware that I
offered any amendment.
Mr. HALE. I move that amendment, to strike
out the 28th and insert Thursday, the 21st. ^
Mr. WILSON. I will suggest to the Senator
from New Hampshire to make it one week at
least; that is a week from Monday.
Mr. HALE. 1 will agree to that. I will say
the 25th.
Mr. DAVIS. I submit to the Senate whether
we had not better go on until Saturday morning,
and by that time wc can decide how nearly we
have completed the necessary labor of the session.
If then an extension be necessary, wecan make it. •
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment offered by the Senator from
New Hampshire.
The amendment was agreed to; there being, on
a division—ayes 24, noes 20.
Mr. YUXEE. Is it in order now to more a
postponement of the further consideiation of the
resolution ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Yes, air.
Mr. YULEE. I move that the further consid-
eration of the resolution be postponed until twelve
o 'clock on Saturday next.
"The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
recurs on (lie resolution, as amended.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HUNTER. Now I suppose the appro-
priation bill is the unfinished business in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That, being
the unfinished business, is now before the Senate.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 339) making appropriations for
the legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June 30,
1861, the pending question being on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Sebastian, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, to insert as a new sec-
tion the following: ^
For carrying into effect tlie award of die Senate, made
March 9,1859, pursuant to the eleventh article of the* treaty
with the Choetaws of June 22, 18.)5, $2,332,560 83. So
much thereof as shall be necessary for the paj ment of the
claims which, by tile twelfth article of the said treaty, tile
Choetaws have assumed to pay, and of such other liabilities
of the tribe as the propcrauthorities thereof shall ascertain
and dctei mine to be just, shall, on their requisition, be paid
over to them at sueii times and 111 such manner as they
shall request; and the balance remaining, after satisfying
such claims and liabilities, shall be held in tiustfor the ben-
efit of the Choetaws, according to the provisions of the
thirteenth article oftlie said treaty.
Mr. CLARK. I was making some remarks
upon this amendment at the time the Senate ad-
journed last evening; and, with the permission of
the Senate, 1 will go on and state the views of the
committee in regard to that amendment. I will
not enter into a history of the transactions be-
tween the Choetaws and the Unite"3 States out of
which it grows, but I %vill simply confine myself
to what has been the action of the Government
since the treaty of 1B55. I am requested by the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Grimes] to do it, that
Senators may understand something more in re-
gard to-it. If that be the pleasure of Senators, I
will proceed to do so very briefly.
In 1830, Mr. President, at the treaty between
the Choetaws and the United States at Dancing1
Rabbit creek, so called, the Government set apart
for the Indians, or ceded to the Choctaw Indians
west of the Mississippi river, fifteen million acres
of land. The Choetaws at that time ceded to the
United States ten million acres of land 011 the
eastern side of the Mississippi. Ill that same
treaty the Government made certain reservations
of land for the benefit of the Indians out of that
land 011 the eastern side of the Mississippi, which
they were permitted to occupy, if they chose.
There was also a provision in that treaty for the
removal of the Indians to the westerly side of the
Mississippi. In the year 1837, the Chickasaw
tribe of Indians and the Choetaws made a treaty
between themselves, by which the Choetaws ceded
