1072
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8.
Mr. TAYLOR. Allow me to proceed. It has,
sir, certainly been the practice, almost since the
commencement, ofsending written messages. The
gentlemen from New York, I have no doubt, has
hitherto approved it. We know, however, that
occasionally he changes front. He has treated
us to evidences of that fact frequently.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Never, sir, since
the change from the Buffalo platform. [Great
laughter.]
Mr. TAYLOR. 1 had not the slightest allusion
to that change.
But to proceed. If that practice, Mr. Speaker,
which the whole country expects to be continued;
that practice heretofore justified by the whole
country; that practice which the Presidents of the
United States have all adopted, and up to this
time without censure; if that practice which is
adopted for the mere gratification of the public
appetite for an early communication of the mes-
sage, can be adopted with propriety by the Presi-
dent, I should like to know from that gentleman
why Congress may not furnish the means to the
President of adopting a similar practice for the
publicinterest, which is concerned in the early pub-
lication of the pafticular documents in question ?
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. My answer to that
is simply this: my friend from Louisiana mis-
understands or overlooks the distinction I take.
The point to which I address my remarks is as
to the constitutional power of an officer of the
Government in the discharge of his duty. That
which my friend has been addressing his remarks
to, is as- to the discretion of that same officer in
the discharge of that same duty. In this case we
are authorizing the officer, and ordering him how
to discharge that duty. In the case put by my
friend from Louisiana, we have an instance of
the discharge of a duty according to the individ-
ual discretion of the officer upon whom that duty
devolves. I may, or may not, justify the practice
which has hitherto existed; but whether it is jus-
tifiable or not,, censurable or to be praised, is not
a question which rises to the level of the consid-
eration which we have before us. The consider-
ation we have here is this: whether we, as the
law-making power of this Government, will de-
clare that the President is discharging his consti-
tutional duty when he is delivering his message
to the printer; after the printer, to the Clerk of
this House, instead of to the House of Repre-
sentatives itself.
Now, sir, I come briefly to the consideration
of that branch of the argument which has been
alluded to by my friend from North Carolina,
[Mr. Biianch.] I am unable to see, and so must
every one here, the distinction between the mes-
sage and the documents which accompany it. A
document can have no position, no sanction, ex-
cept those which the message gives it. It is the
appendage, the tail of the message. It has its
sanction, its power, its intelligibility, only by
means of the message. To divide the accompa-
nying documents from the message would be as
fatal to them as it would be fatal to rupture the
ligament which binds the Siamese twins together.
[Laughter.] That disposes of the argument of
my friend from North Carolina.
Let the House weil consider, let it ponder upon
the work which is put before it to do this day. I
have, sir, seen the Constitution wounded; I have
seen it down-trodden; I have seen it torn piece
from piece; but these were done in the Sour
of excitement; done by the heedless masses, or
by the violence of insanity. Never, never let it
be said that the House of Representatives, in its
cool reason and dispassionate judgment, deliber-
ately decided, for a mere convenience, a mere
saving of hours, which might well be bestowed
upon the official work of those who attend upon
the patient lamp, to permit the Constitution to be
oppressed, and the pillars upon which the orivi-
logcs of this people rest be shattered by a ruffian
blow.
Mr. FLORENCE. Mr. Speaker, I submit to
the judgment of the gentleman from New York.
With meekness and with fear and trembling I ap-
proach this subject. 1 confess that I cannot,how-
ever, evoke, as the gentleman has done on this oc-
casion, " gorgons and hydras and chimeras dire."
I see ill this bill, when amended as I shall suggest,
one of those salutary reforms which, I trust, ere j
long, will pervade the whole body of our legisla-1
tive duty. The practice proposed by the bill is, |
so far as my experience extends, the one no w pur-
sued. The message of the President of the United
States is printed in advance of the meeting of Con-
gress. The documents accompanying that mes-
sage are all printed in advance, and, I think, made
public in advance. I think that as soon as-Con-
gress assembles, those documents are placed in the
Printer's hands, and printed for the use of the
Departments. Even, sir, in advance of the de-
livery of the President's message, it is easy to
procure a copy of any of the documents accom-
panying it, from a head of a Department. We are
not, therefore, abandoning any practice which
has proved salutary and been sanctioned by long'
usage. Hence the charge of unconstitutionality
which the gentleman makes falls to the ground,
"unwept, unhonored, and unsung." [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. Repeat that, Tom.
Mr. FLORENCE. I said, sir, that if my argu-
ment is truthful, and I believe it to be, the con-
stitutional objection of the gentleman falls to the
fround, "unwept, unhonored, and unsung."
Great laughter.]
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I am unable to
appreciate my friend's argument.
Mr. FLORENCE. He was not listening to it.
If he had heard it all, he would surely have ap-
preciated it. He now only wants to criticise the
poetry, and not the facts or arguments.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I do assure my
friend not only that his arguments are above and
beyond criticism, but his poetry is above re-
proach. I do not appreciate his argument, but I
do feel his poetry. [Laughter.] And sir, though
I cannot yield to his logic, I yield to his blank—
not looks—but verse, which he has here recited.
[Laughter.]
Mr. FLORENCE. There is a deal of force in
the gentleman's innuendo—in that sly, sarcastic
manner which is so strikingly characteristic of
him. I am much obliged to the gentleman that
he commends the face and not the verse. I take
that commendation as a personal one, and permit
the verse to run along to take care of itself as it
best may.
Now, I' suggest that this- section may be re-
lieved of the difficulty of requiring the President
to communicate these documents. If it is offens-
ive, unconstitutional, and illegal, "to require the
President to do so, let us request the President to
cause his annual message and accompanying doc-
uments, so far as practicable—and 1 think gen-
tlemen have not sufficiently looked at that quali-
fication—to be printed and to cause to be delivered
copies of the same to the Secretary of the Senate
and the Clerk of the House of Representatives,
&c. That would obviate the difficulty, I think,
in relation to the constitutional objection made
by gentlemen, taken in connection with the fact
that these documents always are printed in ad-
vance of the meeting of Congress, and with this
further fact, patent and known to every one, that
the President of the United States did communi-
cate his message in writing to this House a month
before it was organized.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in reference to that branch
of the argument I have no more to say. But
there is, in my judgment, a fatal objection to this
bill which gentlemen have not looked at, I think,
as statesmen ought to look at a measure of this
kind. Under this specious and, unfortunately,
popular cry of economy, there has been a pro-
vision inserted in this bill to emasculate these
important documents, which ought to be pub-
lished and distributed all over the land, in order
that the people might be informed of the doings
and transactions of the Government in this me-
tropolis—a provision to deprive the people of this
valuable statistical information. I briefly referred
to this fact when the bill was introduced by the
Committee on Printing; but I knew it was use-
less to raise a voice against that which seemed to
be a saving.of the public money, but which, in
my judgment, is a waste of the public money. I
would like to know of what use or benefit docu-
ments are without statistical information ?
My principal object in now occupying the time
of the House was to interpose an objection t<?
that feature of the bill. I am in favor of the gen-
eral principles of the bill. I believe its adoption
would be a great saving of public time andmoney,
nor would it be an invasion of the dignity of the
executive department, or of its constitutional
privileges. But I would extend to the people all
the information I could in relation to the workings
of this Government of ours. We have done
away with the extravagance of the public print-
ing, so called—though I never participated in
objections to it, or to any means of distributing
information to the people—and all those docu-
ments which produced so large an expenditure of
the public money have been printed, and the bills
paid. ^Jow the only documents of any size we
print are the President's message andaccompany-
mg documents, and the mechanical and agricul-
tural parts ®f the Patent Office reports. Now if
we were to distribute one hundred thousand copies
of the message and accompanying documents in
full, so that every one in the land might be in-
formed of the workings of this Government, it.
would, in my judgment, be true economy. Hence
I have an objection to this emasculation of these
documents. But yet, with the amendment I have
suggested to the first section of this bill, I am will-
ing to take it, with the documents intact and
complete. I believe it will be a great saving of
public time. I believe if we had the message and
documents before us early in the session, com-
municated in this way, gentlemen would have an
opportunity to study them more thoroughly, and
would be better prepared to perform their duties,
and to act more intelligently upon the appropria-
tion bills, and other matters which demand their
consideration.
I trust the House will give consideration to the
suggestion I have made, in reference to depriving
our constituents of that information which we
ought to communicate to them. I trust there will
not be an abatement of a single line of the docu-
ments which accompany the message. I would
be willing to vote for the bill if it could be made
what I desire it to be, and I, indeed, shall be will-
ing to vote for it, if it cannot be made such, on
the ground that it would be the inauguration of a
salutary reform, if the gentleman's constitutional
objection can be waived in the construction of the
first section of the bill.
But I trust the documents may go out to the
people full and complete, and not a compilation "
of them, which might deprive our constituents of
just the information which ought to be commu-
nicated to them; which might communicate to
them that which has no practical value, which
might not be intelligible, and which might fail to
inform tlfem fully of the operations of "the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. BOCOCK. Mr. Speaker, I shall not de-
tain the House but a few moments in explaining
the reason why I can vote neither for the bill, as
Wisented by the chairman of the Committee of
ays and Means, nor for the amendmentoffered
by the gentleman from North Carolina, [Mr.
Branch.] The Constitution of the United States,
Mr. Speaker, says that the President of the Uni-
ted States shall, from time to time, give Congress
information in relation to the state of the nation.
Custom has brought it about, that at the begin-
ning of each session of Congress the President of
the United States delivers a message. He is not
bound to do so. There is nothing which makes
it incumbent on him to deliver his message on the
opening of each session of Congress. It is within
his discretion. The Constitution of the United
States merely says that, from time to time, the
President shall give us information in relation to
the state of the Union. I will do nothing, sir,
which shall say to the President of the United
States, " we recognize this custom as the common
law of the land, which you are bound to conform
to. You must give us a message on the meeting
of each session, whether you think it necessary
or not." Neither will I, Mr. Speaker, dictate to
the President of the United States to whom he
shall send his message. I will not say to him
that his message shall be sent to the CJerk of this
House or to the Secretary of the Senate. On the
contrary, I would say that that would not be in
conformity with the spirit of the Constitution.
The message must be made to us. I will do noth-
ing, I say, to mar it of its fair proportions, and
change its character from a message to Congress
into a communication to one of our officers. I say
that the arguments submitted by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. John Cochrane] have, in
my opinion, a great deal of weight in them, and
they go as well to the bill itself as to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from North Caro-
lina.
