2016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9.
The gentleman from Vermont says he proposes
a modification of his amendment. I say, Mr.
Chairman, that no modification which does not
shut up this gap and protect us against importa-
tion of dirt and all manner of foreign substitutes
under the name of wool, will answer the^purpose.
Whether the dtfty on wool is three cents or eight
cents a pound, is altogether a matter of secondary
importance. I would just as lief the duty would
stand precisely as it is, as to take the amendment
of the majority of the Committee of "Ways and
Means. It will have no practical influence what-
ever. The essential thing in it is to see that the
law is what it professes to be and purports to be;
and if our friends from New England are not sat-
isfied to give us this honest law, go at it fairly
and squarely, and repeal the duty altogether. .That
is all 1 ask.
The question was taken on Mr. Morrill's
amendment to the amendment; and it was not
agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Stanton's
amendment.
The Chair ordered tellers; and Messrs. Wricht
and Sedgwick were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 80, noes 70.
Mr. PHELPS. I move to amend the twelfth
section of the bill by striking out the words" eight
cents per pound," and inserting in lieu thereof
the words " twenty-five per cent, ad valorem;" so
that it will read:
Tlmt fiom and after the day and year aforesaid there
shall be levied, collects], and paid on the importation of
the aiticles hereinaiter mentioned, the followingduties,that
I4) to say: Fn&t. On all wool unmanufactured, and all hair
of the alpaca, goat, and other like animals, unmanufac-
tured, the value whereof at the port or placc from whence
exported to the United States shall exceed sixteen cents
per pound, there shall he levied, eolleeted, and paid a duty
of twenty-five per cent ad valorem.
Mr. Chairman, I think that while the idea is
held out to wine gentlemen of this IIou.se that
this bill is to increase the importation of wool,
the amount of dutiable wool that will be imported
into the United States, will he vastly diminished;
at any rate, it will not be increased. The average
value of dutiable wool imported into the United
States during the last fiscal year was thirty-five
cents per pound; and wo received on duties on the
amount of wool imported from §24,OOOto $30,000.
A duty of eight cents per pound on wool costing
twenty cents per pound is equal to forty percent.
ad valorem, A duty of eight cents per pound on
wool costing sixteen cents is equal to fifty per
cent, ad valorem. Now, I submit to the members
of the committee, whether they can no effectually
prevent the further impoitation of wool, costing
not leas than .sixteen, and not more than twenty
cents per pound, as by the provisions of this bill;
for if so small a quantity of wool is imported
when its average rale of duty is but twenty-five
per cent, j how can you expect a larger importa-
tion when the duty is raised to forty ana fifty
per cent.? The. effect of this provision of the bill
is to prevent any further importation of that de-
scription of wool. The only wool which will be
imported under the provisions of this bill will be
wool costing less than sixteen ccnts pur pound,
and the high priced wools.
The cry raised three years ago on the part of
the manufacturing interests of the United States,
when the tariff net of 1857 was pending, was that
we could notobtain the properdescription of wool
to mix with the wool that we raise in the Umtcd
States, and some of the manufacturers desired
tlmt the coarse kinds of wool should be admitted
duty free; and the tariff was made to correspond
with their wishes. But wool costing from sixteen
to thirty cents per pound will be excluded from
importation; m other words, this bill will be pro-
hibitory on that description of wool, and the man-
ufacturers declare that we do not produce a suffi-
cient amount of wool in the United States to
enable them to embark successfully in the manu-
facture of woolen goods. '
The question was taken on Mr. Phelps's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. MILLSON. I move to amend the thir-
teenth section of the bill, by striking out, in the
thirteenth line, the word " thirty," and inserting
in lieu thereof the word " twenty;" so that it will
read:
That from and after the day and year aforesaid there shall
be levied, collected, and paid on the importation of the ar-
ticles hereinafter mentioned, the following duties, that is to
say: First. On Witton, Saxony, and Aubusson patent vel-
vet, Tomnay velvet, and tapebtry velvet caipets and car-
peting, and all medallion or whole eaipetf, fifty cents per
square yaid ; on Brussels and tapestry Brussels carpets and
caipeting, thirty-five cents per square yaid; on ail treble
ingrain and worsted chain Venetian carpets and carpeting,
twenty-five cents per square yard ; on all other kinds of
carpets and carpeting of wool, hemp, flax, or cotton, or
parts of either, oi othermaterial,not otherwise specified, a
duty of twenty per centum ad valorem.
I would like to know, Mr. Chairman, why it
is proposed to increase the protective rates of duty
already secured to the woolen manufactures of
New England ? Is there any complaint that that
business is languishing? Will any gentleman
from New England state before this committee
that that interest requires further protection? I
am sure they will not. I am sure that if they be
candid, they will confess that additional protection
will probably involve them in embarrassing com-
petition.
Now, sir, gentlemen-were so fond, in former
years, of comparing our policy with the British
policy, as to remind us incessantly of what was
the policy of European nations on the subject of
protection. 1 want to commend the ingredients of
that chalice to their own lips, now that that policy
is to be changed; and I want to remind them of
the fact that among the whole number of articles
on which it is proposed by this section to increase
protection, there is scarcely any that is not ad-
mitted into England free of all duty. In place of
the duty proposed by this bill, of fifty ccnts per
square yard on Velvet carpets and carpeting, the
British duty is only sixpence per square yard.
So on Brussels carpet, on which it is proposed to
impose thirty-five cents per square yard, the Brit-
ish duty is but sixpence. On mats, rugs, screens,
covers, hassocks, &c., the British duty is only
sixpence per yard. On all woolen cloths, cassi-
mercs, kerseys, buckskins, doeskins, tweeds,
plains, felts, and all other articles of woolen man-
ufactures, there is no duty imposed in the British
tariff. They are admitted free of duty. Even
on ready-made clothing, proposed to be taxed so
high by this bill, the British impose a tax of only
five percent, ad valorem; and on oil-cloths, and
other articles taxed in the fourth item of this sec-
tion, the British duty is only about four per cent.
ad valorem.
1 want the American people to understand the
comparison between the rates of taxation imposed
on them by their Representatives and the rates
imposed in foreign countries. Sir,do gentlemen
think it fair that they should claim for themselves
exemption from taxation on all articles which
they desire to consume, and subject the constitu-
ents of other gentlemen to heavy taxes on articles
which they consume ? There is a free list in this
hill of articles which are imported to the value of
$100,000,000, and the great part of this list is in-
tended for the benefit of the manufacturing in-
terests. If this free merchandise were taxed, it
would yield us a revenue of about $20,000,000.
Yet they propose to got such commodities as they
desire to use, lreo of all duty, while they propose
to increase the duty on articles necessary for the
consumption of the consuming classes of the
country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question was taken on Mr. Millson's
amendment; and it was rejected.
Mr. MILLSON". For the purpose of com-
pleting what I have to say upon this subject, I
propose now to insert twenty-three per cent, ad
valorem, m lieu of thirty per cent. Iwantto show
that large as the free list was under the act of
1857—and it was, therefore, an objectionable fea-
ture in that act with myself—it is proposed by
the Committee of Ways and Means to extend it
still further. Last year, under the operation of
the act of 1857, we collected a revenue amounting
to $405,000 upon articles which it is proposed
now to exempt from all duty. Do notgentlemen
understand the operation of protective taxes? I
am sure they do. Their acts prove that they do;
and 1 cannot resist the conclusion that these very
gentlemen who are determined to avail themselves
of the benefits of low taxes, and of the absence of
taxation upon such articles as they desire to use,
look with some degree of surprise, not to say
merriment, upon those volunteers from other sec-
tions of the country whose constituents are not
protected, and are not intended to be protected,
but who give them aid from a pure love of pro-
tection abstractly.
Mr. Chairman, before I take my seat, it is due
to candor that I should correct an error into which
I fell yesterday, and which was remarked upon
by the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
in reference to the duty upon cigars. The gentle-
man was right. I was in error in stating that the
bill of the committee proposed a reduction of more
than fifty per cent. Having omitted the calcula-
tion of the ten per cent, ad valorem, which I ob-
serve is proposed in this bill in addition to the
specific tax, and having also fallen into error in
the calculation, the result was very far from a cor-
rect statement of the case. I take pleasure in
admitting that, instead of reducing the tax, it is
proposed by the committee to increase it most
enormously; and I now state that the real tax
imposed by the committee is even more objection-
able than was the reduction which I supposed they
contemplated; for I think the gentleman will find
that the amount of duty proposed by this bill
would actually exceed the value of the articles
taxed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. MILLSON. I propose now to strike out
thirty per cent, ad valorem and insert twenty-four
per cent. I think the committee must have per-
ceived, by this time, that my chief object in pro-
posing amendments, and protesting against the
consummation of the purpose intended by the
committee, is rather with a view of excluding the
conclusion that the Democratic party, or many of
the members of that party, are not willing to let
this great question go by default. We make, at
least, the 4'continual claim,"and I expose myself
to the risk of being regarded as one rather too
ready to regard the letter of the injunction; yet
still I do not know that I can better discharge my
duty to my own constituents than by making this
continual claim to the fruits of that liberal sys-
tem ofinternational intercourse recommended and
demonstrated to be philosophically true by the
great writer whom the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, the other day, spoke of as ^ mere theorist.
They propose now to increase the protective duty
on cotton manufactures. Is there any complaint
that that interest is languishing? Why, do we
not all know that the cotton manufacturers of New
England—and I thank God for it—have obtained
such a degree of proficiency and skill that they
arc actually exporting their manufactures to for-
eign countries, and coming into competition with
the industry of the world in foreign markets?
What do they mean by this additional protection ?
I do not believe that this protection is needed by
them, or that these heavy rates of duty will have
any practical effect, either advantageous to them
or injurious to my constituents, upon most of the
articles subject to taxation. But there are other
articles which possibly do need protection, which
cannot be manufactured as well in New England
as in foreign countries, and it is the purpose of
this provision to stimulate those branches of man-
ufacturing interest. Let me call the attention of
the committee to the fact that, according to a cal-
culation which I have before mo and submit to
them, this bill will increase the revenue upon the
imports of last year to the amount of $25,000,000.
The committee may form some estimate of the
great increase in the rates of taxation, when they
are told that the increase of revenue upon the
same importations which occurred last year would
amount to §24,892,000, or nearly §25,000,000. Tho
gentleman from Vermont said that they proposed
to increase the revenue only about $10,000,000.
Sir, I doubt if the increase, under this bill would
amount to §10,000,000. While it is true that,
upon the same lates of impoi tatious, the increase
would be upwards of §20,000,000, this bill will
have the effect, and is intended to have the effect,
(for in no other way can it be protective,) to
prohibit the introduction of manufactured arti-
cles of certain descriptions altogether, and thus
destroy the revenue of the Government altogether
on those articles which now command revenue;
making up the deficiency, or attempting to make
it up, by throwing the weight of taxation upon
other aiticles, not protected, which must enter
into the general consumption; so that my con-
stituents are to be doubly taxed—taxed in the in-
creased price of the articles that come into the
country, and in the increased price of the domes-
