52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
from Tennessee whether his polar star, Mr. Fill-
morejdidnotsay (hat he would " throw open wide
the gates and invite the oppressed of all lands to
come into this Union, and participate with us in
the enjoyment of the blessings of liberty
Mr. NELSON. And if he did, I presume he
was not posted up on the subject. I will just say
this before I leave the subject: A foreign emigra-
tion society was organized in Europe, more than
twenty years ago, which had three objects in
view. One of these objects was to furnish a mar-
ket in this country, through emigrants, for British
manufactures; the second was, to furnish a home
to the emigrant; and the third and last was, to
make Romanism the predominant religion of the
country. I have opposed that in times past; and,
if the gentleman* wants to recognize it as part of
the doctrine of the Democratic party, let him
avow it.
Mr. LAMAR. The gentleman explains that
when Mr. Fillmore spoke of throwing open wide
the gate to immigration, he was not posted. I
presume he had not taken the oaths at the time.
Mr. NELSON. Very likely he had not. But
I would ask the gentleman if he remembers what
General Cass said in regard to Mr. Fillmore
about the compromise measure of 1850? Does
he remember what Governor Foote said in re-
gard to him, and what many other Democrats in
the Senate and in the House said in regard to him,
for the fidelity with which he had stood up to the
compromise of 1850? They said that Mr. Fill-
more deserved the gratitude of the wliolo country;
and they did not say too much for him. Although
nothing that I can say could add to the luster of
his fame, I must add that he deserves everything
that I said, or that any patriotic man can say in
his behalf.
I must confess, Mr. Clerk, that I am at a loss
to follow the remarks of the gentleman from Vir-
ginia, [Mr. Pryou,] for it seems to me that there
was no point—with great deference to him—in
anything he said, [laughter;] no argument; no
logical sequence; nothing tangible that we could
lay our hands upon, so as to make an argument
with him. 1 mu3t, therefore, notice it just as it
comes up. He remarked that he would arrest us
as fugitives and interrupt our game.
Mr. PRYOR. I meant by that, not the other
Representatives of the southern Opposition, but
the gentleman and his most intimate associates—
the Republicans,
Mr. NELSON. So far as that remark is con-
cerned, I must say that if the gentleman means
to say that I have had any personal alliance or
association with the Black ^Republicans, I repel
here, as a foul calumny, the imputation that I
have any such association; for I never had such
an association in my life, and I have never courted
such an association.
Mr. PRYOR. The gentleman says that when
I charged him with any association with the Ro-
Eubiican party on this "floor, I uttered a libel upon
im which he ventures to repel. Now, gentle-
men , after what has been uttered by the gentleman
I shall not allow myself to indulge in any per-
sonal vituperations. 1 shall respond to him with
the utmost decency and decorum; and I am cer-
tain that my reserve will be appreciated, after the
speech which he delivered this morning, by every
intelligent gentleman here. I hope, although the
gentleman impressed a snoer on the word "chiv-
alry," it is yet esteemed among all honorable
men. 1 affirm here, on my responsibility, that,
whether willingly or not, that gentleman is in
intimate alliance, association, and efficacious co-
operation with the Republican Opposition on this
floor. If he be not, whv is he so clamorously
acclaimed and applauded by them? [Applause.]
If he be not, why is his position, and why are
his sentiments, so indignantly repudiated by the
Repressniativcs of the South on this side?
Mr. NELSON. So far as the sentiments which
I utter are involved, I am alone responsible for
them to my constituents and the country. I may
gay that, so far as I am personally concerned, if
I have spoken to any gentleman of the Repub-
lican party m the city of Washington, unless it
be in this'House, I do not know it.
Mr. PRYOR. Will the gentleman allow me,
as an act of courtesy, to protest that I never in-
sinuated that the gentleman had spoken to any
member of the Republican party ?
Mr. NELSON. I have had no cooperation
with that party. There has been no proposition
of any kind going from me, or from the party to
which I belong, to the Republican party in this
House, as far as I have any knowledge or in-
formation. I have had no part nor lot with them
in this matter; nor do I know of any gentleman
in the party to which I belong who has. I dis-
avow it for myself, and I disavow it for them.
As to the applause of my sentiments, I repeat
that it .makes no difference from what quarter ap-
plause comes; and I earnestly hope that long after
you and I, and all of us, have passed away from
the stage of human action; ay, sir, long after this
proud Capitol in which we stand shall have mol~
dered in the dust, I trust in God there will be count-
less millions in this happy and glorious land who
will applaud such sentiments as I have given ut-
terance to in behalf of the Union !
'Now, as the gentleman has catechised me, I
would like to put a short catechism to the gentle-
man himself. Did I understand him to say that
he and his associates would resist by violence the
organization of this House?
Mr. PRYOR. Certainly not; I disclaimed that.
I expressly qualified the remark I made to legiti-
mate and parliamentary resistance.
Mr. NELSON. Of course there can be no
objection to that.
Mr. BURNETT. It is now half past four
o'clock, and I ask the gentleman to give way for
a motion to adjourn, or that if we are to have a
ballot for Speaker we may have it.
Mr. NELSON. I will not detain the House
longer. I wish merely to say, in courtesy to the
gentleman from Virginia, that I intended no dis-
respect to him in the observation I made that I
saw no logical sequence in his remarks. The
gentleman has won a reputation as one of the
ablest editors in the South, of his party, and I do
not, by any means, wish to discredit his intelli-
gence, though owing to the unfortunate sentiments
he has advocated, I do not wonder that he did
not come up to the reputation 1 have heard of
him. [Laughter.]
Mr. BURIN' EXT. I believe that it is the wish
on all sides of the House that there should be a
ballot for Speaker before we adjourn. I hope we
shall pioceed to vote now.
[Cries of" Call the roll."]
The tellers, to count the votes for Speaker, then
resumed their places, Mr. Rigg^ being appointed
in lieu of Mr. Adrain, who is detained from the
House by indisposition.
' Mr. WINSLOW. There has been consider-
able debate since a ballot was ordered, and per-
haps some members may have left the House, I
move, therefore, that there be a call of the House.
The question was taken; and the motion was
not agreed to.
_ Mr. FLORENCE. I call for tellers on the mo-
tion. 1 merely desire to ascertain if any mem-
bers have left the Hall, under the impression that
no ballot would be taken to-day. 1 desire that
every member shall have an opportunity to record
his vote.
Mr. HOUSTON. I suggest to members on all
sides that the most speedy way of arriving at a
vote will be to allow the roll to be called infor-
mally. [Cries of k< Agreed!" "Agreed!"]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think that
will be the best plan.
No objection was made.
Mr. MAYNARD. It is now nearly five o'clock,
and we have bren here a long time. I therefore
move that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk called the roll, when the following
members failed to answer to their names: Messrs.
Adams of Kentucky, Adiuin, Brown, Laxdrum,
and Stallworth.
Mr. TAYLOR stated that his colleague, Mr.
Lakdrum, had arrived m the city one day last
week, and had ever since been detained in his
room by illness.
SJfiOOND BALLOT FOR SPEAKER.
The House then proceeded to a second ballot
for Speaker, with the following result: Whole
number of votes cast, J231; necessary to a choice,
116; of which—
Mr. Sherman received 107
Air. jBocoek  88
Mr. Gilmer 22
Mr. Pennington  3
Mr. Haskin       2
Mr. Davis, of Indiana  2
Mr. Phelps  1
Mr. Reynolds  1
Mr. Adrain   1
Mr. Ethcridgc  3
Mr. Boteler    1
Mr. Hickman    1
Mr. McQueen   * „.    1
So there was no choice.
The following is the vote in detail:
For Mr• Sherman—Messrs. Charles F. Adams, Aldrich,
Alley, Ashley, Babbitt, Beale, Bingham, Blair, Blake, Bray-
ton, Butfinton, Burlingame, Burnham, Burroughs, Butter-
field, Campbell, Carey, Case, Clark B. Cochrane, Colfax,
Conklin, Corwm, Covode, Curtis, Dawes, Delano, Duell,
Dunn, Edgerton, Edwards, Eliot, Ely, Farnsworth, Fen-
ton, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gooeh, Graham, Grow,
Gurley, Hale, Hall, Hehnick, Hoard, Humphrey, Hutch-
ins, Irvine, Francis W. Kellogg, William Kellogg, Ken-
yon, Kilgore, ICiihnger, DeWitt C. Leach, Lee, Long-
neeker, Loomis, Lovejoy, Marston, McKean, McKnight,
McPherson, Millward. Moorhead, Morull, Edward Joy
Morris, Morse, Olin, Palmer, Pennington, Perry, Pettit,
Porter, Poller, Pottle, Itice, Christopher Robinson, Royce,
Seranton, Sedgwick, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanton,
Stevens, William Stewart,' Tappan, Thaver, Theaker,
Tompkins, Train, Trimble, Vandever, Van Wvck, Verree,
Wade, Waldron, Walton, Cad waladerC. Washburn, Ellihu
B. Washburnc, Israel Washburn, Wells, Wilson, Window,
Wood, and Woodruff.
For Mr. Bocock—Messrs. Allen, Thomas L. Anderson,
Asbmore, Avery, Barkydale, Barr, Barrett, Bonham,Boyce,
Branch, Burch, Burnett, John B. Clark, Clemens, Clopton,
Cobb. John Cochrane, Cooper, Cox, James Craig, Burton
Craige, Crawford, Curry, Davidson, Reuben Davis, DeJar-
nette, Dtmmiek, Edmundson, English, Florence, Fouke,
Garnett, Gartrel), Hamilton, John T. Harris, Hawkins*
Ilmdman. Iloiman, Houston, Howard, Hughes, Jackson,
Jenkins, jone«, Keitt, Kunkel, Lamar, Larrabee, Leake,
Logan. Love,Maelay,Charles D. Maitm, Elbert S. Martin,
McClernand, McQueen, McRae, Miles, Millson, Mont-
gomery, Sydenham Moore, Isaac N. Morris, Niblaek,
Noeil, Pendleton, Poj ton, Phelps, Pryor, Reagan. James C.
Robinson. Rullm, Iiu?t, Scott, Sickles, Sunms, Singleton,
William Smith, Stevenson, James A. Stewart, Stout. Tay-
lor, Thomas, Underwood, Vallandigham, Whiteley, Wins-
low, Woodson, and Wright.
For Mr. Gilmer—Messrs. William C. Anderson, Boteler,
Boultgny, Biab^on, Briggs, Bristow, H. Winter Davis,
Etheridgu, J. Morn&on Harris, Ilatton, Hill, Junkin, James*
M. Leach, Mallorv, Mavnard, Laban T. Moore, Nel«on,
Uuailes, William N.H.Smith, Stokes, Vance, and Web-
StlH.
For Mr. Pennington—Messrs. Carter, Nixon, and Strat-
ton.
For Mr. Haskin—Messrs. Hickman, and Schwartz.
For Mr. John Q Davis—Messrs. Reynolds and Rlggs*
For Mr. Phelps—Mi. Bocock.
For Mr. Reynolds—Mr. Horace F. Clark.
For Mr. Jhhain—Mr. John G. Davis.
Fur Mr. Etheridge—Mi. Gilmer.
For Mr. JJjtelcr—Mr. Hardeman.
For Mr. Hickman—Mr. Haskin.
For Mr. McQueen—Mi. Pugh.
Mr. DAYIS, of Mississippi, obtained the floor,
but yielded it to
Mr. RUFFIN, who moved that the House ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon, at
twenty-five minutes past five o'clock, p. m., the
House adjourned.
IXsT SENATE.
Thursday, December 8, 1859.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. YULEE presented the. petition of Thomas
Brown, praying payment of a balance due him as
Secretary of the Senate of the Territory of Flor-
ida; which was ordered to lie on the table until
the committees shall be appointed.
Mr. BROWN presented the petition of H. S.
Davis and others, praying for a charter to au-
thorize them to construct gas works, and lay
down pipes m the city of Washington, for the
purpose of furnishing the Government and citi-
zens with gas; which was ordered to lie on the
table until the committees shall be appointed.
Mr. GREEN presented the petition of the Mayor
of the city of Carondelet, in the State of Missouri,
praying the restoration of the common of that city,
obtained for the establishment of a military post
by unjust and oppressive measures of the execu-
tive officers of the Government; which was re-
ferred to the Court of Claims.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of a com-
mittee of the directors of the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company, praying authority to lay a rail-
road track from Georgetown through Pennsyl-
vania avenue to the Baltimore and Ohio railroad
depot; which was ordered to lie on the table until
the committees shall be appointed.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the memorial of
citizens of Ottowa county, Michigan, praying for
