1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
53
the construction of a harbor of refuge at some
suitable point on the eastern shore of Lake Mich-
igan; which was ordered to He on the table until
the committees shall be appointed.
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of David D.
Porter, a lieutenant in the Navy, praying that his
accounts for certain secret services performed in
the Island of St. Domingo,-by order of the Sec-
retary of the Navy, maybe settled on principles
of equity; which was ordered to lie on the table
until the committees shall be appointed.
notices of bills.
Mr. SLIDELL gave notice of his intention to
ask leave to introduce a bill making appropria-
tions to facilitate the acquisition of the Island of
Cuba by negotiation.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee,gave notice of
his intention to ask leave to introduce a bill to
grant to every person who is the head of a family
and a citizen of the United States, a homestead of
one hundred and sixty acres of land, out of the
public domain, on condition of occupancy and
actual settlement.
Mr. CHANDLER gave notice of hi a intention
to ask leave to introduce a bill making an appro-
priation for the construction of a pier at Grand
Haven, at the mouth of Grand river, in the State
of Michigan.
Mr. LANE gave notice of his intention to ask
leave to introduce a bill making an appropriation
for the payment of money to the Territories of
Oregon and Washington, for the suppression of
Indian hostilities.
He also gave notice of his intention to ask leave
to introduce a bill to amend "the act extending
the laws and judicial system of the United States
to the State of Oregon, and for other purposes."
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. PUGH, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn
to meet on Monday next.
invasion of harper's ferry.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
following resolution, submitted by Mr. Mason on
Monday last:
Resolved, That a committee be appointed to inquire into
the facts attending the late invasion and seizure of the arm-
ory and arsenal of' the Umtc<T States at Harper's Ferry, in
Virginia, by a band of armed men, and report whcthei the
eamc was attended by armed resistance to the auihoritics'
and public force of the United States, and by the murder
of any ot the citizens of Virginia, or of any troops sent
there to protect the public propeiiy; whether such invasion
and seizure was made under color of anv organization
intended to subvert the government of any of the States of
the Union; what was the character and extent of such or-
ganization i and whether anvcitizensot the United {States,
not present, were implicated therein or accessory thereto,
by coutiibutions of money, arms, munitions or otherwise;
what was the character and extent of the military equip-
ment in the hands, or under the control, of said armed band,
and vrhcie and how and when the same was obtained and
transported to the place so invaded. And that said com-
mittee report whether any and what legislation may, in
their opinion, be necosary, on the part of the United States,
for the future preservation of the peace of the country, or
for the safety of the public property ; and that said commit-
tee have power to send for persons and papeis.
The pending question being on the following
amendment offered by Mr. Trumbull:
And that the said committee also inqune into the facts
attending the invasion, seizure, and robbery, m December,
1855, oftho arsenal of the United States at Liberty, in the
State of Missouri, by a mob or body oi aimed men, and
report whether such seizure and robbery was attended by
resistance to the authorities of the United State, and fol-
lowed by an invasion of the Territory of Kansas, and the
plunder and murder of any of its inhabitants, or ot any cit-
izen of the United States, by the persona who thus seized
the arms and ammunition of the Government, or others
combined with them. Whether said seizure and robbery
of the arsenal were made under color of any oiganization
intended to subvert the government of the States or Terri-
tories of the Union; what was the character and extent of
such organization; and whether any citizens of the United
States, not present, were implicated therein or accessory
thereto by contributions of money, arms, ammunition, or
otherwise; what was the character and extent of the mili-
taiy equipments in the hands or undei tin control ot said
mob, and how and when and wheie the same were subse-
quently used by such mob; what was the value of the arms
and ammunition ot every description so taken from said
arsenal by the mob; whether the same or any part thereof
have been returned; and the value of such as were lo^t;
whether Captain Luther Leonard, the United States officer
in command of the arsenal at the tune, communicated the
facts in relation to its seizure and robbery to his superior
officer, and what measures, if any, were taken in reference
thereto.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I was un-
expectedly drawn into this debate yesterday even-
ing, in consequence of the remarks of thu Sen-
ator from South Carolina, [Mr. Chesnut,] and
the appeal which was made to me by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Pugh,] to withdraw the amend-
ment; but after it had been stated as one of the
objects of the mover of the resolution that he
desired to ascertain the public sentiment of the
North upon this question, and after it had been
distinctly asserted that the outbreak at Harper's
Ferry was attributable to the teachings of the
Republican party, believing, as I did, that it had
its origin in the acts of-the Democratic party, I
could not, as a matter of course, consent to with-
draw the amendment, because if such questions
are to be investigated I think it eminently proper
that we should go to the root of the matter, and
examine into its real origin.
Incidentally, in the remarks which I made yes-
terday, I referred to the fact that the official report
of the officer in command of the arsenal in Mis-
souri at the time it was sacked and the arms and
ammunition taken from it, had not been communi-
cated to Congress or the country* The Senator
from-Mississippi [Mr. Davis] seemed to question
the inference that I sought to draw from the fact I
stated, which was, that this information had been
withhold—I do not say designedly; and lie seemed
to think that I was unfortunate in alluding to the
matter at all. I spoke generally, without refer-
ence at the time to the resolutions which had been
passed and the particular documents which had
been communicated to the Senate. As to the gen-
eral fact, I felt confident that I was correct, and
as I presume the Senator from ^Mississippi in-
tends nothing more than to be correct upon the
point, I have been at some little trouble to ascer-
tain the facts in regard to it; and although I do
not undertake to say that there was a resolution
passed which directly and in terms required the
communication of this document to Congress, I
think there was a resolution adopted which in
general tonus embraced it, and under which it
ought to have been communicated, or at least it
might with great propriety have been communi-
cated. Now, sir, to begin with, the President of
the United States made a special communication
to Congress the 24th January, 1856, on the sub-
ject of liansas affairs, and he says in the com-
mencement of that communication:
"Circumstances have occurred to disturb the comsc of
governmental organization in the Territory of Kansas, and
produce thereaeondit.on of things which renders it incum-
bent on me to call your attention to the subject, and ur-
gently to recommend the adoption by you of siioh measures
of legislation as the grave exigencies of the ea^c appear to
icquire.
"A brief exposition of the eirfuinstancee referred to, and
of their causes, will be necessary to the full understanding
of the recommendations which it i<; proposed to submit."'
The message makes an allusion to an irruption
from Missouri in words which I will read. After
detailing various outbreaks in the Territory, and
illegal acts, as the President conceived, he says:
" But they arc far from justifying the illegal and repre-
hensible counter-movements whiqh ensued."
Alluding to those in the adjoining State of Mis-
souri. That is all the President said on that sub-
ject. Now, sir, it appears by the official report
of the Kansas investigating committee which was
subsequently communicated to Congress, that—
" Laige numbers of men from the State of Missouri gath-
ered and encamped on the Wakarusa. They brought with
them all the equipments of war. To obtain them, a paity
of men, under the direction of Judge J. T. V. Thompson,
broke into the United States aisenal and armory, at Lib-
erty, Missouri, and after a foiciblo detention ot Captain
Leonard, then in charge, they took the cannon, muskets,
rifles, powdei, hnmmci and, indeed, all the materials and
munitions of war they deshed, some of which have never
been returned or accounted for."
Is it not a little remarkable that such an occur-
rence as that could have transpired and that the
President of the United States, in a spccial com-
munication to Congress on the subjcct of the
Kansas difficulties, should wholly omit to say one
word about the sacking of this arsenal? A matter
which is now agitating the country, the seizure
of another arsenal, appears to be of vast import-
ance; and yet no allusion at the time seems to
have been made by the President to the seizure
of arms in the State of Missouri, although Gov-
ernor Shannon states, in one of his communica-
tions, that, of the men who encamped in that
amy roundabout Lawrence, nearly two thousand
were from tJie $tate of Missouri.
But, sir, I will call the attention of the Senator
from Mississippi to a resolution which passed this
body, which I think was broad enough to author-
ize, and which, indeed, required the President
to communicate the facts in regard to this matter
to Congress. The resolution was offered by the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Pcgu,] and,is in these
words:
" Resolved, That the Pi esident be requested to communi-
cate any additional documents in his possession,
possession of either of the Departments,relating Jo the con-
dition of affairs in Kansas Territoiy, including the legisla-
tive journals, executive minutes, and the returns of any
census whieh may have been taken."
Now, the question is, whether a resolution
calling on the President to communicate " any
documents in his possession, or the possession
of either of the Departments, relating to the con-
dition of affairs in Kansas," did not require that
he should have communicated to us the fact that
an arsenal in Missouri had been robbed and its
arms taken into Kansas, and that the men who
took them had been engaged in plundering the
inhabitants of the Territory, and murdering some
of the citizens of the Territory.
Mr. PUGH and Mr. FOSTER. What is the
date of that resolution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That resolution was
passed on the 27th of March, 1856. Now, I will
read the answer to that resolution, that we may
see what we got. On the 3d of'April, 1856, the
President of the United States sent a communi-
cation to this body " in answer to the resolution
of the Senate of the 27th ultimo, requesting addi-
tional documents in relation to the condition of
affairs in Kansas Territory,"and he submitteda
report from the Secretary o^State. That report
will show what was obtained under the resolution
of the Senator from Ohio:
Department of State, Washington,
*1pril 2,1856.
The Scerctnry of State, to whom w,v referred the res-
olution of the Senate oi the 27th ultimo, requesting tho
President to communicate any additional documents in
lus possession, or the possession of either of the Depart-
ments, jelattng to the condition of affans in Kansas Terri-
tory, including tho legislative journals, executive minutes,
and the icturnsof any census which may have been taken,
has the honor to icpon that, as all the documents in this
Department, called lor hy the resolution, were laid before
the Picr-iden*.. with reports bearing date, respectively, tho
J3th of I-Ybiu'suy and tho 24th of last month, in compliance
with a ie«otutiftj> of the Senate of the 4th and®f the House
of Representatives of the 18th of that month, and have
been punted foi the mfoimation of Congress and of the
public, it is presumed that the object of this call has been
fully answered, and that a duplicate of those sent to the
House of Representatives will not bo desired by the Senate.
Respectful!} submitted, W. L. MARCY.
To tho President op the United Sta-tes.
And that is all the Senator from Ohio got by
his resolution.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will permit me,
I will state that I recollect the occurrence now
very well. The Senator from Vermont [Mr.
Collamkr] suggested that there was a return of
an election or a census in one of the legislative
districts that was imperfect. I think he made
that remark in his speech in reply to the Senator
from Illinois, [Mr. Douglas.] Atjlie time, and
after some conversation with him, I suggested
that if there was any such paper I would call for
it by resolution. I called for it that day. I had
not m my mind anything else but the returns of
the c lcction and the census. I had never heard of
the armory case then. I did not know there was
any such paper on hie in regard to it. I had no
such thing m my mind, and I suppose the Secre-
tary of Stale well understood it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot say what the
Senator had in his mind. I suppose wc are not
to ascertain the meaning of legislative action by
going to the minds of Senators. We look at the
acts.
Mr. PUGH. If the Senator will look at the
Globe, he will sec what I stated to the Senate
when I offered the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not go to the Globe
to ascertain the meaning of resolutions adopted by
this body, or of laws passed by Congress. I think
it is a principle well understood and especially
by the legal profession of which the Senator from
Ohio is such a distinguished member, that the act
must speak for itself. There is the resolution
and there is what he got by his motion.
But, sir, there is another document which I will
not take up tho time of the Senate by reading, be-
cause this is not an important point to take up the
time of the Senate with. There was a report of
the Secretary of War.in relation to the military
who were employed in Kansas. That was com-
