THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 1860.
New Series.....No. 186.
States, with this tribe; then the treaty of 1805,
negotiated by Mr. Calhoun, Secretary of War,
#ith the tribe; and the treaty of 1830, which, I
think* was also negotiated by the Secretary of
War, General Eaton, and some other commis-
sioner—I cannot arrive at any other conclusion
but that the award is right. To be sure, it is not
expressed in the treaty of 1830, with all the clear-
ness of an official document, that the Choctaws
were to have the net proceeds of the lands over
and above the expenses and the reservations; but
no man can take the whole treaty together, by its
stipulations, and the treaties that preceded it, and
the preamble to it, and the circumstances under
which it was made, and come to any other con-
elusion. Why, sir, among other things, it says,
in express terms:
" That in the construction of this treat}', wherever well-
founded doubt shall arise, it shall be construed most favor-
ably towards the Choctaws."
Now, if there be even a doubt upon the treaty
of1830, they are entitled to the benefit of the doubt,
ft seems they made a continual claim of it from
that day down to 1855; but even in the treaty of
1855 the Government merely says she is not pre-
pared to admit the whole claim, but she will refer
it to the Senate of the United States as the arbiter.
The Senate has heard it; the Senate has awarded
it. If it was with a foreign Government, we would
pay it, or cxpect actual hostilities. If the Indians
attempt hostilities with us, I suppose the only rem-
edy is to kill as many of them as we can. I think
we ought to pay the money. It may be that wc
could have made better treaties in the past with
the Choctaws. 1 do not know. I never was much
in favor of treaties. I believe I have voted for
precious few of them. It is a treaty, and our faith
is pledged; and for myself, although I think it a
very large amount, I shall vote for the amendment,
unless an explanation against it is given to me.
Mr. HUNTER obtained the floor.
Mr. SEBASTIAN. Mr. President 
Mr. IIUNTER. I will give way to the Senator
from Arkansas.
'Mr. SEBASTIAN. By the courtesy of the
Senator from Virginia, I will indulge myself in a
few remarks only.
The Senator from Ohio has made so clear and
logical a statement, and in such brief terms, that
it is scarcely necessary for me to do anything
more than to epitomize what he has said.
The Senator from Virginia has said that this is
a complicated claim. On the contrary, it is one
of the most simple questions in the world. He
has stated that ho has not had time to examine it.
That, Mr. President, is his own fault. I do not
understand that every proposition for the expend-
iture or the appropriation of money must neces-
sarily go through the alembic of the Committee
on Finance before it can pass this Senate. On
the contrary, sir, there are other committees con-
stituted here with their settled and well-defined
jurisdiction, who are supposed to be as compe-
tent to decide matters intrusted to them as the
Committee on Finance, upon a question peculiarly
pertaining to them. The committee of this body
navingjurisdiction of such matters, the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs, have had this subject under
consideration, and think they understand it. If
it is complicated in the mind of the Senator from
Virginia, it is not complicated in the minds of the
Committee on Indian Affairs. What question,
Mr. President, is ever sifted by every member of
the Senate before it can be decided ? Is no faith
to be given at ull to the different committees?
Are their reports to rcccive no credit? Are we
forever to be investigating subjects after they
have become final; and when they are decided to
be final by measures which are definitive in their
character? Arc we forever to be tolerated in the
liberty, the license, of going behind the records,
and opening up to new discussions and new in-
vestigations those questions which have received
a final determination?
-1 said this question was without complication,
and I wilt state why. The Senator from Geor-
gia, last eVening, went back upon the construction
186
of the tieaty of 1830 with the Choctaws. He
made a fair, a plausible, and a legitimate argu-
ment, which would have been "fery appropriate
if he had been occupying a seat at the council
table of the committee, instead of occupying
his place on the floor of the Senate; but the very
question on which h« was arguing last night—
and in favor of which, I must say, he made a very
able argument—has been ruled adversely by the
Senate, and is all compassed, determined, and
finally settled adversely to the views of that Sen-
ator, by the final award of the Senate, made at
the executive session in March, 1859. Of course
we cannot go back beyond that period. The
award of the Senate upon thatoccasion stated that
the Choctaws should have a settlement with the
United States upon certain principles; and to
ascertain a mere question of dollars and cents,
which was all that remained, they called upon the
Secretary of the Interior to furnish us his report;
and he has done so. What else remains for us to
do now but to discharge the simple obligation of
appropriating money according to the terms of
the treaty? 1 know and can conceive of no plainer
obligation on the Government than to discharge
the payment of that money. It js an award. The
United States Government and the Choctaws
agreed to refer to the august tribunal, the United
States Senate, the determination of these ques-
tions: and they have determined them. Why,
therefore, go back behind that award, which is of
so recent date as March, 1859? These are ques-
tions which ought not to have been brought up;
they are considerations which ought to have been
determined upon the report of the committee on
the justice of the case. That is determined. It
is a foregone conclusion—an accomplished fact;
and we cannot now go behind it.
Why, Mr. President, I would as soon expect,
and 1 would as soon think, it legitimate for a Sen-
ator upon this floor to rise in his seat and dispute
the obligation of Congress to discharge its plain
treaty obligations on the ground that the treaty
ought never to have been made. That is the very
question that is involved here. What boots it to
us that the treaty of 1855 might have been inex-
pedient? We ratified it. What difference does
it make to us that the Committee on Indian Affairs
may have made an incorrect or erroneous state-
ment of the case ? It was the exercise of our best
judgment; and it has been sanctioned by solemn
act of the Senate, and is irrepealable. You can-
not go back any further. The time is past for
the discussion of these things. The time has gone
by when you could open up the subject by those
considerations. We have stated these questions;
and they cannot be rediscussed again. It is a
familiar old maxim, that it is for the good of the
State that there should be an end to discussion
and litigation. We have arrived precisely at that
period now. This matter has been settled by a
proceeding, determined by a process, which you
cannot repeal without violating the obligation of
contracts. Do Senators expect here that they are
to plant themselves upon the naked ground of re-
pudiation, in order to avoid or evade the obliga-
tion of this treaty ? I hope not.
I think, sir, it is very evident that gentlemen
on the other side have n<*t seen, they have not
appreciated in how small a compass this ques-
tion is narrowed down. It is repudiation or no
repudiation; the paying of an acknowledged debt,
or the suspending and evading of payment, sim-
ply for the want of means or want of time. It is
a very plain question. The discussions which
have gone out upon this have been made compli-
cated from the fact that they have gone upon im-
material issues. That kind of complication makes
no difficulty in the case, and ought not to make
any at all.
1 can see no purpose that can be achieved, I
know of no object that can be accomplished by
postponing or putting off this evil day, if it may
be considered so in the minds of other Senators.
It is a plain and acknowledged obligation,and the
Committee on Indian Affairs in the Senate have
even gone far, they have strained a point, to re-
adjusted. flow can we go behind it? There i
no "errorsexccpted"mthiscase. Itwasrefe
duce the magnitude of this debt. After all, there
is not one cent left in the Treasury of the United
States, that we have been compelled to expend
for this nation of Indians by which wc are losing.
We only regard ourselves as trustees for this
amount by our plain understanding of the case.'
We refused to make a speculation upon a weak
nation whom we robbed and plundered, whose
lands we took contrary to the stipulations of the
treaty; and could common honesty have required
less than that we should pay the net proceeds
on the sales of those lands which we had'taken
in defiance and right in.the teeth of the plain stip-
ulations of the treaty? It is a bare business trans-
action of settlement of account which has been
were
eferred
to a tribunal of our own selection, a branch of
our own Government, and the magnitude of the
claim and facts of the case, contained in a printed
report, were spread before the Senate at the time
when the report of the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs was sanctioned by the Senate. Attention
was called to the fact, and explanation made by
the chairman of the committee then.
Who, therefore, can pretend to be ignorant of
this thing? It is not one of those large claims
which has stolen upon us, and got higher by im-
perceptible degrees. It has marked its"progress
at every stage by printed reports and records, by
debates and discussions in the Senate; and no one
ought to say now it is a question not understood
by the Senate. Sir, it is rarely the case that we
understand everything that passes the Senate.
Much goes here sub sihntio; which goes upon the
faith of others. A still larger amount of business
is done upon the faith and credit of committees.
That committee which reported this measure had
done nothing behind the bush, nothing in the dark.
It progressed regularly, according to the ordinary
rules of legislation here, and exhibited everything
it had done; and now we arc bound, and 1 think
conclusively bound, by the final adjudication of
the Senate on the 9th of March last. I am sure
this question would not be so complicated if it
was understood to be within so small a compass.
Mr. HUNTER. Mr. President, the Senator
from Arkansas has argued this question as if I
objected to it because it had not been sent to the
Committee on Finance. I am surelmadenosuch
question. The Committee on Finance never de-
sired it to be sent there. I objected to it as being
put upon this bill,because it seemed tome aques-
tion of that magnitude that ought to have been
brought up as a separate measure. Now, sir, if
he will bring up the measure as a separate meas-
ure from his committee, I am sure I will vote to con-
sider it; but I say upon these bills, designed mere-
ly to carry out existing laws and plain obligations
of treaty, nothing that is complicated ought to be
put. Can he deny that this is a complicated mat-
ter of account? lie and the Senatorfrom Georgia
disputed about it last night. Was there no diffi-
culty m settling this question of account in the
Department of the Interior? Is there nothing in
the way of offset to be argued to this claim ? Does
the Secietary decide definitively upon it? As my
friend from Georgia says, he suggests there is
doubt as to £1,100,000. Under these circum-
stances, am I making any unreasonable proposi-
tion to ask the Senator to bringit up as a separate,
proposition and not put it upon an appropriation"
bill, especially one on which we already have an
amendment so important?
Mr. CLARK. I desire to road a single sentence
from a note of the Secretary of the Interior, ap-
pended to this report. He says:
" Under the treaty of 1853, the Choctaw? i clmquished all
their light to that portion of said tiacr west of the one hun-
dredth meiidian, and leased that portion between the nine-
ty-eighth and one hundredth dcgiec of west longitude, for
which the United State* paid the sum of $600,000."
He states, also, that the Chickasaws, with the
consent of the United States, first purchased a
portion of this tract at §530.000, which sum the
United States paid out of the trust belonging to
the Chickasaws. This is the point. If these sums
