2962
THE C03STGRES8I0NAL ■ GLOBE.
June 14,
are to be regarded as being under the treaty of
1830, the amount due the Choctaws will be so and
so; but theriirst fund was not paid until 1837, un-
der a treaty between the Chiekasaws and Choc-
taws, and the other was not paid until 1855, twen-
ty-five years afterwards. How could they be paid
under the treaty, then? They are to be paid by
the provisions of this treaty, and have nothing to
do with the treaty of 1830.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. A single word in relation
to this matter, for it is but a question of time.
This debt has got to be paid, and the debtor might
as well question the validity of a claim after judg-
ment is rendered and execution is about to follow,
as the Government of the United States to ques-
tion the validity of this demand and its binding
obligation upon their good faith. The Choctaw
nation, who have always been the friends of the
United States, who have never drawn a knife
against the white man, entered into an arrange-
ment by which they ceded their lands east of the
Mississippi, with the exception of certain reser-
vations. Those reservations were subsequently
ceded; and the question has been submitted to
the Senate of the United States to decide what
they shall have; and the Senate have decided that
they shall have the net proceeds, after deducting
all the expenses of the removal of the Indians
and of the surveying, and that it should be re-
ferred to the Secretary of the Interior to ascertain
the amount. It has been so referred. The Sec-
retary of the Interior states the amount, and the
simple question is whether we will pay it now,
or whether we shall pay it at some subsequent
time.
Mr. President, I shall not take up the time of
the Senate on it. I will simply state the question.
If we are too poor to pay our debts, perhaps that
would be a reason for postponing it. I under-
stand the Choctaw nation is no tendering; I under-
stand, so far as the nation is concerned, they are,
as an Indian tribe, as wealthy a tribe as there is
anywhere in America; but that is not the ques-
tion. It is a question resting upon the good faith
of the United States; a question whether they
will pay it now or postpone it until some other
time. I think, if it has got to be paid, we might
just as well meet it and pay it now as at any sub-
sequent time.
Mr. FE.SSENDEN. I have only one word to
say about this subject, and that is this: it is nut
entirely by my friends who have argued this
matter upon the ti clinical ground of an award by
the Senate, They do not pretend to go behind it
to any very great extent; but they say it has been
awarded. Now, sir, I know precisely how this
award was made. 1 do not say it was not made
properly and in due form; I will not even pretend to
say now il was not right; but I do pretend to say,
as an award by the Senate, it was one made with-
out any understanding of the question, so far as
I can get at it, on the part of more than half a
dozen Senators. I never heard of it, and 1 was
here. Amendments were brought in and repre-
sented to carry out a treaty. " This is to carry
out a treaty;" and it passed, as we pass a good
many things, without knowing what they are.
Now, if 1 am to make an award as an individual,
I want to understand it; and 1 want an opportu-
nity to understand it. As I look upon this mat-
ter, we ought to investigate it thoroughly; and I
do not consider myself bound and estopped from
examining all questions because a resolution has
passed the Senate on the subject, which resolution
Ijiay be wrong, and which 1 have very great rea-
son to believe was wrong, from what ! have heard
from the Senator from Georgia oil this subject;
but at present I do not say. At some period of
time 1 may be ready to vote for it, but at this
period of the session, just at the end of it, on an
appropriation bill, on the mere technical giound
of an estoppel, I do not feel inclined to vote two
or three million dollars.
Mr, FITCH. The Senator from Maine has
reached the real point ii) the rase. The award
was hasty. Like htm, 1 think we have a perfect
right to reconsider it and to review It, and without
being at all chargeable with an intention to repu-
diate any sort of obligation. We made a hasty
awaid, without fully comprehending its effect.
The matter appears to have been investigated in
the Committee on Indian Affairs; and yet I have
not had the good fortune to be present when it
was thus investigated. The amount is too large
to vote in ignorance of the merits of the case.
The Senator from Ohio says it is a judgment.
Well, if it is, we have, perhaps.m his State, and
certainly in some of the western States, what is
called a stay of judgment; and I am disposed to
take a stay of this case, by which we shall defer
the payment two or three years, until we can
look into it; and if the judgment is found to be
erroneous, we have certainly a right to ask that
the court may correet the ferror, we ourselves be-
ing the court..
Mr. PUGli. I did not intend to say more than
to explain my vote before, and I shall not go fur-
ther now, except to make ,an answer to one or
two misapprehensions, both of the Senator from
Maine and the Senator from Indiana, in regard
to what I said. I certainly did not mean to be
understood, as the Senator from Maine says he
understood me, as standing upon a technical
ground, or on any ground of estoppel. An award
is no technicality, and it is no estoppel. It is
of a higher force than a judgment, I can tell my
friend from Indiana. It cannot be reviewed; it
cannot be set aside, except for fraud or gross
mistake of fact—not error of judgment, but gross
mistake of fact—in carrying out the calculation
on the principles adopted by the arbitrator; so
that there is no case for a stay of judgment. We
must either pay the money now or pay interest
upon it. Senators need not think that if they
put it off until next year they will get rid of it.
They will have to pay interest upon it by every
settled legal principle, like a judgment.
But I did not mean to say either that I doubted,
upon a fullerexamination, whether it was a proper
claim. It was first presented last night as an
award, and in that view I looked at it; but when
I heard my friend from Georgia suggest there was
a doubt about the case iLself upon its merits, I
took advantage of the tune last night to read these
treaties carefully. I said expressly, and I say it
again, that in my judgment it is a mathematical
demonstration; you cannot come to any other
conclusion. The error into which the Depart-
ment seems to have fallen, as represented by the
Senator from Georgia, is, that the treaty of 1830
was made because the Government of the United
States wanted the Indian lands in Mississippi;
that we stood in the attitude of purchasers from
the Indians.
Mr. TOOMBS. We did, and paid for it too.
Mr. PCJGH. The treaty stood upon no such
consideration. The great guiding hand of the
nature of tin1 treaty is in its preamble. It inter-
prets the whole of it. lien1 it is:
" Wildcat tin! General Assembly of the Htate of Missis-
sippi lias extended the laws of said Slate to prisons! and
pioperte within the elKliU'ted Jnmts of the same, and tile
President of the PliUcil State-, lias said that lie cannot pi o-
trct the Choctaw people trom the operation of these Jaws :
Now, therefore, that the Choctaws may live under their
own laws in peaee with the United States and the tftate of
Mississippi, tiiey have determined to .-''It their lands east
of the Mississippi, and have accordingly agreed to the fol-
lowing articles ol tieaty."
So, sir, the object of the treaty was not so much
for us to acquire the land as it was to remove the
Choctaw nation out of the limits of the State of
Mississippi, because it would have brought on a
repetition of the old controversy between the Cher-
okees and Georgia, and would have precipitated
the Federal Government into, perhaps, a contro-
versy with the State of Mississippi, and,at all
events, would have cost more money than the
whole price of the Choctaw land. That was the
object of the treaty; it was not to make a specu-
lation ; and tlnoughuutgll the clauses of the treaty
that appeared. We paid them the most reasona-
ble sums for their improvements; wc purchased
their cattle, where they were in Mississippi, and
agreed to pay money for removing them to their
own hunting grounds. Wc did not,in that treaty,
give them this counti y west of the Mississippi
river. Wc bad g.ven that to them ten years be-
fore; given it to them for a limiting ground, and
they paid for it. The objeet of the treaty of 1830,
then, was not for tis to acquire the land or to spec-
ulate with these Indians, but that we would go to
any extreme that was reasonable and liberal in
tl>e purchase of their real and personal property,
their lands and then- movables, and take them
west of the Mississippi river as quickly as possi-
ble, in order to avoid controversy between them
and the State of Mississippi, Thatinterpretsthe
whole treaty; find therefore jt is wisely said, and
properly said, as 1 read before in the last section
of article eighteen:
" And further it is agreed, that in the construction of this
treaty, wheiever some, if any, doubt shall ati&c, it shall be
construed most favoiably toward the Choctaws."
I agree that the wofd " sale" is used in several
places; but we paid no price for.it. If.any man
will read this treaty, it will be seen that it is the
most curious case of sale that ever was. The
Government does noyjay a dollar for the land in
any shape or form. Furthermore, there are^stip-
ulations in this treaty wholly inconsistent'with
the idea that wc took it as our own property.
Here is one of them:
"Art. 18. The United-States shall cause the lands here-
by ceded to bu surveyed; and bUivcyors may enter the
Choctaw country I'm that purpose, conducting themselves
properly and distmbingorinteitupting none of the Choctaw
people. But no person is to be permitted to settle within
the nation or the lands to be bold before the Choctaws shall
remove. And, foi the payment ol the several amounts se-
cured in tins treal> > the lands heiebv ceded aie to icmain
a fund pledged to that puipo^e, until the debt shall be pro-
vided for and arranged- And lurcher it is agreed that, m
the conduction of this treaty, wheiever well-founded doubt
shall urL>e, it shall be con ti nod most favorably towaidstUe
Choctaws."
Now, sir, bear in mind the fact that ten years
before the date of this treaty, in 1820, we pur-
chased of the Choctaws a large portion of their
lands in Mississippi, and out of the proceeds of
that sale wc made them pay us for a hunting
ground west of the Mississippi—not for ordinary
settlement; not a place for civilized Indians; but
a place wheie the wild Indians of the tribe might
go. The treaty so expresses it. Afterwards, in
lc>25,we made these Indians give us a large tract
of land, now in the western part of the State of
Arkansas, for which we gave them a very small
compensation. That is the treaty that Mr. Cal-
houn negotiated. Now we come to the treaty of
1830, the object of which was not a cession of
land, but to remove the Choctaw nation out of
the limits of the State of Mississippi, and see this
stipulation that we will -survey our own land.
How can that be a matter of stipulation with an
Indian tribe—a stipulation lor permission to go
on our own land and survey it? How utterly
inconsistent with the idea that we bought it for
ourselves. The whole object was to get the tribe
away and to leave their lauds in our possession.
Their personal property we valued and paid for
on the spot. The real property we agreed to sell
thereafter to the best advantage. We have not
truly kept faith with them. We have given of
these lands to the State of Mississippi large quan-
tities for school purposes, and as swamp lands,
and for these we do not intend to pay the Indians;
so that the $2,000,000 now reported, if the figures
be correct—that is if the number of acres be cor-
rect, because the price per acie is fixed in the
award—if the number of acresbc correct, this very
award is not yet, by a large amount, what this
tribe is entitled to under the strictest terms of the
treaty stipulations, because we ought to pay them
for that portion of property which we have given
away. What we should pay them I do not know.
1 do not know what it is worth. Probably the
Senator from Mississippi can tell better than I
can. But I intended only to say that, so far
from wishing to be understood, as the Senator
from Maine says, that it is a claim that will not
bear investigation, I assert, so far as it appears
on the face of the treaties, it is a mathematical
demonstration, m my judgment. But why should
we stand on the question of the award? We made
the award. If wc did not make it rightfully, it is
our fault. It is not my fault, because I was not
here; but it is the fault of those who were hero.
It was debated and passed, and is just as much
binding now as anything can be. As I before
remarked, if wo do not pay it now, we shall have
to pay it heieaftcr, and pay interest on it. We
had better issue the bonds now. It is as broad
aa it is long.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not intend to argue this
matter, but merely to correct a very important
principle which is entirely misunderstood by the
Senatorfrom Ohio,the Scnatorfrom New Hamp-
shire, and the Senatorfrom Wisconsin. It is not
true that a treaty involving the payment of money
does bind the United States until it is assented to
by the Heuse of Representatives. There is not
a better settled principle in the Government. It
was settled in Jay's treaty, during the time of
General Washington. The debate in*the case
