1074
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
have offered an amendment, and the gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Bocock] has offered an amend-
ment to mine. The only essential respect in which
his amendment differs from mine is, that mine di-
rects the manner in which the printing shall be
done, and his does not. If he will not withdraw
his amendment, I will withdraw mine. It is use-
less to have votes upon both.
Mr. BOCOCK. If I understood the matter as
the gentleman from North Carolinadoes, I should
have no difficulty- in withdrawing- my amend-
ment. But, as I understand his amendment, it
provides that the documents accompanying the
President's message shall be printed and deliv-
ered, in advance of the delivery of the message
here, into the hands of the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and Clerk of the House of Representatives.
Now, that is what I object to. I want the Presi-
dent authorized to have the documents printed,
and keep the whole matter under his own control
until the message is delivered to the House, and
so stamped as a communication to the House, and
then let it go forth to the country.
Mr. BRANCH. My amendment provides that
so much of the documents accompanying the mes-
sage as the President shall think proper to deliver
in advance of the session shall be printed in the
manner now prescribed by law for doing the con-
gressional printing, and distributed as documents
are now required to be distributed. The gentle-
man's amendment authorizes the President to
have it done, not in the manner now prescribed by
law, but in such manner as he shall select.
As the gentleman shows an indisposition to
withdraw his amendment, and the matter is too
small to consume the time of the House with, I
will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BOCOCK. I will accept the proposition
of the gentleman from North Carolina.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands, then,
that the gentleman from Virginia withdraws his
amendment, and that the amendment of the gen-
tleman from North Carolina stands.
Mr. BOCOCK. No, sir; as I understand it, the
question now stands upon my amendment, as
modified on the suggestions of the gentleman from
Jtforth Carolina and the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. FLORENCE. In order that there maybe
no misapprehension, let the amendment be read.
I think the two amendments are materially differ-
ent- The amendment of the gentleman from North
Carolina does not include the message at all.
Mr. BRANCH. The President's message was
purposely excluded.
Mr. FLORENCE. I so understood; but there
seemed to be some misapprehension.
The amendment proposed by Mr. Bocock, as
modified by him at the suggestion of Messrs.
Branch and Vallandiuham, was then read, as
follows:
Strike out scction one, and insert in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
That the President of the United States bo authorized
to cause lus annual message and accompanying documents,
or, if he thinks best, the said documents alone, to be printed
in the manner prescribed by law, in advance of the meet-
ing of Congress; so that, upon the delivery of said message,
it may, with the accompanying documents, be more speed-
ily distributed among the members in the manner now
prescribed by law. And that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall cause the report on the finances, made by him 111 pur-
suance of the act of May 10,1800, to be printed in the man-
ner prescribed by law, and copies thereof delivered to the
Secretary of the Senate and Clerk of the House of Repre-
sentatives, in time for distribution at the commencement of
each session, in the manner prescribed by law for the1 dis-
tribution of documents ordered to be printed by Congress.
The SPEAKER. The question is upon sec-
onding- the demand for the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. Will the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw the demand for the previous ques-
tion, to enable me to offer an amendment to pro-
vide that the documents shall be printed complete,
as I suggested.
Mr. SHERMAN. I insist upon .the demand
for the previous question.
Mr. FLORENCE. Well, I will look to the
Senate.
The previous auestion was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time.
Mr. BURNETT. I ask for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the bill has not been engrossed.
Mr. CLEMENS. 1 ask if the bill, at this
stag<^ is susceptible of amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was engrossed; and upon
that motion I demand the yeas and nays. I will
state that my object is to give time to engross the
bill. I suppose it will not require more than five
minutes.
Mr. BURNETT. I move that the House ad-
journ.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. ADRAIN. I ask the gentleman to with-
draw that motion for a moment. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege. The gentleman from Texas,
[Mr. Hamilton,]in his remarks to-day, impugned
the conduct of the Speaker in not giving him the
floor. I wish to say, in justification of the Speaker,
that I distinctly heard him recognize the gentle-
man from Texas, and assign him the floor; and I
wondered at the time that the gentleman did not
avail himself of the right awarded him.
Mr. HAMILTON. The gentleman from New
Jersey states, and I am told by others, that the
Speaker recognized me when I sought the floor.
I was perfectly confident that the Speaker saw
me as I rose, and that I rose before the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman;] but I was not aware
that the floor was assigned to me. If I had heard
the Speaker, I should not have made the remark
which I did, and which I now withdraw.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs on
the motion that the House adjourn.
Mr. JENKINS. I rise to a question'of privi-
lege. I send to the Clerk's desk a paragraph
which I ask to have read.
The SPEAKER. The motion to adjourn is
not debatable.
Mr. BURNETT. I did not insist on the mo-
tion when the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr.
Adrain] wished to explain, and of course I can-
not insist on it now.
The Clerk read from a dispatch of the Asso-
ciated Press, stating that Mr. Jenkins had ad-
dressed the House in favor of a protective tariff.
Mr. JENKINS. Thatdispatch appearsashav-
ing been sent by the agent of the Associated Press.
The reference made, I presume, is to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Junkin.] I wish
to say, that mistakes of that character have been
very frequent. My name has been published in
the papers of the country even in connection with
voting for the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] as Speaker. I refer to the matter now
simply for the puiposu of calling attention to it,
hsping that similar mistakes will not occur in
future.
Mr. MORSE. I rise for the purpose of making
a personal explanation. I was in my committre-
room, attending to business of the committee of
which I am a member, and was sent for to vote
on the reference of the Army appropriation bill,
when that was before the House. I came into the
House, and was told that the question was on re-
ferring that bill to the Committee on Military
Affairs. I voted "no." My intention was to
vote in such a manner as to keep that bill in charge
of the Committee of Ways and Means. I wish
to make this explanation now, because I voted to
accomplish the same purpose in the last Congress,
and because I expect to do'so hereafter; an5 I do
not wish this vote to be referred to as indicating
any other purpose.
Mr. BURNETT. I now renew my motion
that the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
a quarter past four o'clock, p. m.) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Friday, March 9, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Dr. Gurley.
The Journal of yesterday was read and^approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a letter of the Secretary of the Treasury,
communicating a report of the Superintendent of
the Coast Survey, showing the progress of that
work during the year ending November 1, 1859,
with a map, prepared in obedience to an act ap-
proved March 3, 1653; which was ordered to lie
on the table; and a motion of Mr. Pearce to
print the report was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were read twitee by their titles, and
referred as indicated below;
An act (No. 44) confirming certain land entries
under the third section of the act of 3d of March,
1855, entitled "An act making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1856"—
to the Committee on Public Lands.
An act (No. 63) to regulate the mileage of mem-
bers of Congress—to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HUNTER. I present the petition of W.
H. Vesey, United States consul at Havre, pray-
ing to have refunded to him money paid by him
on accountof the default of bankers in Paris, with
whom he had deposited funds of the Government;
and I move its reference to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
Mr. IVERSON. Before that petition is re-
ceived, I Wish to present a question to the Senate
as to the power of gentlemen to present anything
to-day , inasmuch as the whole day is assigned for
the Private Calendar.
Several Senators. We have the morning hour.
Mr. IVERSON. I wish the Senate to decide
whether morning business is to be taken up m
preference to the Private Calendar, or whether
that is not the first business in order immediately
after the reading of the Journal.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope the Senator will allow
the petition which I have presented to go.
Mr. IVERSON. If I let that go, I may have
to let a hundred go. I wish the question decided.
I call for the execution of the order of the Senate,
setting apart to-day for private bills.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
read the resolution under which the Senate is act-
in&
The Secretary read the following resolution,
adopted on the 21st of February:
Resolved, That, for the residue of the piesent session,
after the present week, Friday of each week shall be bet
apart for the consideration of private bills, in the order in
which they stand upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
disposed to regard it as in the nature of a special
order, and to allow the morning hour to be occu-
pied in the morning business; but he will submit
the question to the Senate, if the Senator from
Georgia desires it.
Mr. IVERSON. The reason why I object to
it to-day is, that there is a matter set down for two
o'clock, and if I allow the morning hour to be
consumed with the reception of petitions and re-
ports, there will be no time for the Private Calen-
dar; because the question which is assigned for
two o'clock will probably occupy the remainder
of the day. The argument or excuse of Mr.
Hyatt will be heard. On that will spring up a
discussion, undoubtedly, and I do not suppose
that matter will be got rid of during the remain-
der of the day. I desire, at least, to have some
time appropriated to the Private Calendar to-day.
Therefore I make the question, and I hope the
Senate will decide it. I will appeal from the de-
cision of the Chair, as a matter of formality, so
to let the Senate decide the question whether the
Private Calendar has precedence from the reading
of the Journal, or whether the morning business
is to be received.
Mr. DAVIS. I think the Senate is clearly en-
titled to the morning hour.
Mr. IVERSON. I do not wish to appeal, but
I desire to have the question presented to the Sen-
ate in some shape.
Mr. DAVIS. The Senate is clearly entitled to
the morning hour, and the decision of the Chair
is evidently correct; otherwise, every special or-
der might take effect from the reading of the Jour-
nal, and shut out the current business of the
Senate.
Mr. IVERSON. It will be remembered that
whenever a special order is set down, the hour is
designated; but this is a general order, made by
