-56
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8y
create a prejudice against it? The Senator did
not use that word.
Mr. YULEE. No, I did not use it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I happened to speak of
it now—it has been used in this debate—because
the Senator seemed to cast a suspicion upon the
platform. "Why, sir, there is but the one.
Mr. YULEE. It may be. I would state here
to the Senator, that I did not use the term Black
Republican.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have said you did not.
Mr. YULEE. But I did not use the term Re-
publican either, for the reason, as I said last night,
that that term as a party denomination having
been once consccrated by a national party of far
other, and, as I humbly think, higher objects than
the Senator's party, no new party, whatever its
objects may be, has the right to appropriate that
name. It has become the property of a preceding
party, and, therefore, some qualification of the
term Republican, by which the gentleman's party
may be defined, ought to be adopted. I will not
myself apply a qualification, but leave it to that
party to discover, as 1 hope they will, some proper
qualification of the term Republican.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, it is be-
cause wc advocate every principle advocated by
the old Republican party that we adopt its name;
and I say to the Senator to-day, show me a depar-
ture from the principles of the Republican party
'of Thomas Jefferson's days, and I will oppose
that departure in the Republican party of to-day.
It is because we advocate the principles of Thomas
Jefferson, because we advocate the principles of
the Republican party of 1800, that we call our-
selves Republicans; and, if I know myself, I will :
adhere to the principles of the old Republican j
party in regard to this question. The father of
that party is our great model. Our principles are
taken from him. The very words of our platform
which the gentleman objects to, were indited by
his hand.
Mr. YULEE. "To create, not to destroy, a
free government?"
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; and we will per-
petuate free government, by continuing the prin-
ciples that he advocated. But, sir, what beyond
that' How has it come, from a gentleman upon
that side of the House, to tell us we must notcal) |
ourselves Republicans, when they assume to call
themselves Democrats ? Democrats! And the
illustration of your principle, democracy, is the
supremacy of an aristocracy of slaveholders in
this country. A y mail can be a member of the
Democratic party who will adopt your creed 011
the subject of the spread of slavery, and the up-
holding of slavcholditig institutions in this coun-
try, which concern directly not one man in sixty
01 the population of this Union. That is the
party that has arrogated to itself the name of
" Democrat," and that reproaches us for colling-
ourselves Republicans. Democrats! A party that
legislates for the interest of one out of sixty: for-
getting the interest of four fifths of the families of
the South to promote that of one fifth—free white
men.
The Senator wishes to know if slavery was
abolishedby the Constitution of the United States.
I have already said, 110; slavery was not abolished
by the Constitution of the United States. I stated
before, and I will try to repeat it again, that the
Constitution of the United States was based upon
the idea of freedom; but it did not abolish slavery
where it existed by State or local law. It did not
interfere to do that. It allowed the States to man-
age that for themselves; and provided that, when
one held to scrvice sliouldcscapw to another State,
where slavery did not exist, he might be reclaimed;
and I wish the Senator to understand from me that
I acquiescein thatclauseof the Constitution of the
United States. I recognize your right to reclaim
the person who runs away; but I think it should
be done in a judicious and proper manner, with-
out exciting bad feeling in the country.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator allow me a
moment, to ask him whether he recognizes the
right to reclaim fugitive slaves in the Territories ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do, under an act of Con-
gress applicable to Territories.
Mr. CLAY. Then 1 will ask him to reconcile
the ajMfireiii discrepancy between the platform
from which he has read and the position he now
assumes; for in that platform, as he read it, it is
declared that neither Congress nor any individual
can give any legal assistance to slavery within
the 'territories.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Give legal existence to
slavery in a Territory," is the language. We
deny that the right to reclaim a fugitive proves the
existence of slavery in a Territory, any more than
it does in a State. We have expressly provided
by our constitution in the State of'Illinois, that
slavery shall not exist there, and yet I will say
to the Senator from Alabama that if a slave of his
escapes to the State of Illinois, we recognize the
right of the owner to-i-cclaim him, and I recognize
the same right in a Territory.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will pardon me
for interrupting him, I will say that 111 the plat-
form of that party from which 1 just now read,
the word is "assistance," not "existence;" and
I have never yet, in any platform of that party
which has come under my view, seen the word
"r-vistenen.Tt is "assistance." It is so nub-
existenco." It is "assistance." It is so pub
lished in that which I have before me, and I have
never seen it otherwise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The word is "existence"
in the platform, as I have it, and I never under-
stood it to be otherwise. I have the platform as
used in the northern States. If it has been differ-
ently published, I was not aware of it.
Mr. CLAY. Still, if the Senator will pardon
me, suppose the copy I have is wrong, and the
word should be " existence,"as claimed by him, I
ask him, then, how he can reconcile with his
theory, as proclaimed in this platform, of the right
of all men to liberty, and the obligation of the
Federal Government to secure that right within
■ die Territories, the countervailing obligation to
1 restore a fugitive slave ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I will try
to do so. 1 will give him my understanding of
it as calmly and impartially as I am able. I under-
stand that part of the platform   be the assertion
of a great natural right, and that is what I under-
stand by those words in the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, wherein it is declared that " all men
are created equal, and endowed by their Creator,"
not by the Government, " with certain inalienable
rights, among which are life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness." Now, I do not understand
that our fathers supposed they could carry out
these principles perfectly in government. Every
government, as I had occasion to say in this de-
bate before, is an encroachment, more or less, on
the natural rights of man. What did they mean?
Why, sir, the men who signed their names to
that immortal Declaration of Independence were
men who either themselves or their ancestors had
fled from despotisms m the Old World. They
had seen men claiming to rule by divine right as
kings; they had seen another class of men claim-
ing to rule by hereditary right, and lord it over the
mass of their fellow-beings, and they intended to
put it upon record in this formation of the Gov-
these matters, I would ask him, furthermore,
whether he understands the words of the Decla-
ration of Independence or of the Federal Consti-
tution, which declares that the Constitution was
formed for ourselves and ourposterity,to embrace
also the negroes?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I reconcile what seems to
the gentleman to be a contradiction in this way :
Our fathers had to deal with circumstances as they
were. They declared great fundamental princi-
ples. The Senator from Alabama will agree with
me that any evil is wrong; that any encroachment
upon the natural rights of any of us, (and our
Government restrains us more or less,) is only to
be justified upon the ground that it is necessary
for' organized society and for government, and
that men could not live together except 111 eternal
quarrels, unless we had a government of some
kind; but that does not militate against the truth
that the groat Author of all created us equal and
with the same rights.
Mr. CLAY. The Senator does not seem to
apprehend the force of my question. Perhaps I
do not put it fairly. According to the declaration
in your platform, as read, I understand your party
to maintain that the negro enjoys, in common
with the white man, an inalienable right to lib-
erty. You denounce the violation of that right
as a crime, a sin in the eye of Heaven and a crime
against the laws of man; a violation of the doc-
trines of Christianity. You denounce it as a twin
relic of barbarism with polygamy. Now, I ask
you how you can reconcile it with the personal
integrity of the framors either of the Declaration
of Independence or of the Federal Constitution
that they sanctioned a crime at the same time
that they protested against it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am sat-
isfied that I am not understood by the Senator
from Alabama. I say that the negro has the same
natural rights that I have; and now I say it is not
a crime, under all circumstances, to hold a negro
in slavery.
Mr. CLAY. Why, then, docs the Senator's
party denounce it as a twin relic of barbarism
with polygamy? Is not that a crime? Do not
your laws punish it? Do not the laws of my State
punish it? And if slavery is equal in iniquity
with polygamy, why should not the laws of all
the States punish it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We would punish polyg-
amy in Illinois as a crime; and we would punish
the holding of a slave in Illinois as a crime ?
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator pardon me ? I
do not mean to be officious, and I 4° notintend to
be offensive.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not take it so. I am
very glad, indeed, to be interrogated. I wish to
express my gratification at Senators'efforts to
obtain explanations.
Mr. CLAY. I wish the Senator to explain
whether, according to his code of ethics, or thai
eminent which they were making, that their pos- : of the party to which he belongs, it becomes any
terityin all time might know that they recognized
no Divine right of one man over another, no hercd- ;
itary right of lords and nobles to trample upon j
their fellow-men. Naturally, no such right can 1
exist. It is but the assertion of power growing j
out of the organization of Governments. Our i
ancestors intended to form a government as near
the great principles of natural right as they could.
As tMr. Jefferson said, the most perfect ijovern-
ment on earth would be one which secured to
honest labor the fruits of its own industry, and
interfered no more than was necessary to prevent
anarchy, or the encroachments of the strong upon
the weak. I do not quote his beautiful language, I
but the idea. This is what I understand to be
meant by thisplatform of principles in that respect.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator pardon me for
asking him a further question>
Mr. TRUMBULL. Undoubtedly.
Mr. CLAY. I do not mean to interrupt him;
but as lie seems disposed to be candid and com-
municative, I will trouble him with a further ques-
tion. I would be glad if he can explain how he
can reconcile with the personal integrity of the
framers of the Declaration of Independence and
the Federal Constitution, their holding slaves and
retaining them as slaves, and distributing them
by their last will and testament among their chil-
dren , with their declaration that those men were
entitled to life and liberty; and if he can reconcile II sentiment of society.
civilized, any Christian government, to recognize
crime;-whether there be any circumstancesundei-
which crime can be justified, excused, or palliated?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I will not
cavil about the word " crime." I do not call it a
crime m citizens of the South to hold slaves at all.
Mr. CLAY. Is not polygamy a crime?
Mr. TRUMBULL. ^Polygamy is a crime un-
der some circumstances, but not always a crime.
I take it that polygamy is no crime 111 Turkey
Mr. CLAY. I'hank you for that concession,
in this Christian country !
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is no crime in
Turkey. It is a crime in our Christian country.
Wc regard it so, but other nations do not regard
it as a crime. I do not regard the holding of slaves
as they are held in the southern States of this
Union, and in many other countries, as necessa-
rily criminal. That is not the name I apply to it.
I think that it is a wrong to those persons who are
so held, but it is a wrong which had better be en-
dured than to do worse. Itisbetterto be endured
than to undertake to right it by committing a
greater wrong and a greater evil.
Mr. CLAY. Then, if the Senator will pardon
me, I understand him to maintain that right and
wrong are merely conventional; that whether
polygamy be a crime or not, depends merely upon
the laws of society or upon the tone Of moral
