10Y6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
disease contracted in the line of his duty—as much
so as if he had been shot by a cannon ball on the
field of battle.
Mr. IVERSON. Will the Senator from New
Jersey allow me to ask him what ho moans by
disease contracted in the line of a irian's duty?
Every man who dies in the service dies from dis-
ease probably, and from disease contracted in the
line of his duty, unless he is hung, or some casu-
alty happens to him. I want to understand the
meaning of the phrase " disease contracted in the
line of duty."
Mr. THOMSON. The Committee on Pen-
sions has never reported a bill in favor of any
applicant, unless the death could be traced very
distinctly to some disease contracted in the ser-
vice—not as in the case of General Macomb, who
died at a very advanced age, and of no disease
whatever at the time. I find among these papers
a certificate from Louis A. Edwards, a surgeon in
the Army, which states what was the disease and
how he contracted it. It is indorsed by Dr. Wood,
who concurs in it, and also by Dr. Wright, an
Army surgeon. Then there is a very important
document, under oath, from Lieutenant Gibbs, of
the rifles, a brevet captain, and he says that he
was continuously in the society of General Smith
from March, 1847 
Mr. HALE. With the consent of the Senator
from New Jersey, I want to move in the Senate
the amendment which was rejected in committee.
Mr. THOMSON. I give way for that purpose.
Mr. HALE. I do not know how it was with
the other members of the Senate, but for myself,
I was not aware that the amendment had been
rejected in committee, and I now move in the
Senate the amendment for Mrs. Macomb and
Mrs. Riley.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New Hampshire that
the question was upon the amendment in refer-
ence to Mrs. Macomb and the amendment to the
amendment embracing Mrs. Riley. The Senator
can arrive at what he desires by asking for a
division of the amendment.
Mr. HALE. No, sir; I do not wish a division.
Ihe vote was taken when I was not attending to
it; and some other Senators, I think, were in the
same condition.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
now is on the amendment which was rejected in
the Committee of the Whole, which is now re-
newed.
Mr. IVERSON called for the yeas and nays;
and they were ordered; and being taken,resulted
—yeas 33, nays 15; as.follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Bingham,
Bright, Cameron, Chandler, Cliesnul, Collamer, Critten-
den, Davis, Dixon, Durkee, Fitch, Foot, Green, Hale, Ham-
mond, Harlan, Hemphill, Iverson, Kennedy, Lane, La-
tham, Pearce, Kice, Seward, Simmons, Sumner, Ten Eyelc,
Thomson, WigtaiJ, and Wilson—33.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. IVERSON. As I announced the other day
my determination to vote against the bill, even
with the amendments, although I voted for them
in order to"putall on the same footing, I now ask
for the yeas and nays on the bill as amended, in
order that the question may be tested in that way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is,
Shall the bill be engrossed and read a third time ?
on which question the yeas and nays have already
been ordered. The Senatorfrom New Jersey was
entitled to the floor. Does he desire to renew his
remarks?
Mr. THOMSON. I have nothing further to
say.
Mr. DAVIS. I was waiting for the Senator
from New Jersey to explain the bill. The first
case which is presented is that of General Smith,
and I think it comes strictly within the law. I
th|nk he did die of disease contracted in the line
of his duty, and I think it is covered by the spirit
of the law as fully, as any other pension case. It
is known to most of those who hear me that Gen-
eral Smith, after his gallant service in Mexico,
returned suffering from disease contracted in and
the result of that climate and his exposure to
it. He was very soon thereafter put on duty in
Texas, where similar causes produced like results.
When relieved from duty in Texas, his health to
a great extent recovered, and he was offered the
command of the expedition to Utah; and, with
the high pride and energy of a soldier, which had
characterized him through life,he started on that
expedition. Those who knew his physical con-
dition neverbelievpd he could accomplish it. They
expected him to die when he got upon the plains,*
where he mustdrink water impregnated with lime.
He died sooner than they expected, struggling to
perform a duty which was strictly professional.
I think he is thus brought within the spirit of the
law, arid that there should be no objection to
allowing his widow a pension.
In the case of General Macomb, it has been
stated, and tPuly, that he died of advanced age;
but the years of his life had been passed in the
honorable service of his country. He was sta-
tioned at Washington in the later part of his life,
because he was selected to command the whole
Army of the United States, and this became his
station. He had rendered brilliant service during
the war of 1812, and rendered good service in
every station he occupied. He died without a
fortune; and his debts, as it appears by a letter
read some days since in the Senate, were paid
from the private property of his wife. She now
appeals to you for a pension; and those who know
her circumstanccs better than myself, have repre-
sented to you that she needs it. I trust the Sen-
ate will grant it.
The other case is the case of the widow of Gen-
eral Riley. General Riley, after more fatiguing
marches than were, perhaps, performed by any
other officer of the Army during the Mexican
war, returned covered with the admiration of his
country and of those who saw him in many scenes
of danger. He was one of the few who took part
on both lines of operations during the war. He
was distinguished in several engagements which
turned the fate of the campaign in the valley of
Mexico. To him, all will admit, is mainly due
the capture of Contreras. He displayed there not
only his skill, but his gallantry, in the most sig-
nal manner, defying a charge of cavalry by troops
drawn up in line,.and then, under a fog which
covered the fort, taking it by a coup de main, being
one of the first who entered the fort. On every
occasion his patriotic and his military zeal was
exhibited. After the close of the war he went to
California. Trained from his youth as a soldier,
with very little other knowledge than that which
belonged to military affairs, he found himself sud-
denly charged with civil functions; and the balls
of the enemy, which had so often spared him,
were exchanged for trials to which he was less
equal. He returned from California prostrated.
The trials of civil life had broken a constitution
which had borne the fatigues of so many cam-
paigns. He died, and left a family with nothing
but the good name he had won by so many years
of valuable service. His widow appeals to you
for a pension. Shall she have it'
These cases are like others which have gone
before; instances in which we are called upon to
show the gratitude of the people for services ren-
dered in their behalf; occasions when it is in the
power of Congress to stimulate the youth to such
deeds as their sires have done. They are cases
like those of Brown and Worth; and equally, and
for the same reasons, their appeal to you for pen-
sions ought now to be granted. I trust the Sen-
ate will not refuse them. I honor the spirit of
economy manifested by the Senator from Georgia,
who has voted for amendments upon a bill which
had special claims, in order that he might there-
after defeat the whole together. I may wish,
however, that that economy was exhibited in
some other point. Let us take $1,800 from our
own expenditures, rather than strip the needy
widows of gallant soldiers of that pittance, when
they ask it at our hands.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Benjamin, Bigler, Bright,
Cameron, Chandler, Chesnut, Collamer, Crittenden, Davis,
Dixon, Doolittle, Douglas, Duikee, Fitch, Foot, Green,
Hale, Hammond, Harlan, Hemphill, Kennedy, Lane, La-
tham, Nicholson,Powell, Rice, Saulsburv, Sebastian. Sevv-
aid, Simmons,Sumner, Ten Eyck,Thomson, Wigfall,and
Wilson—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Bingham, Bragg, Clay Clingman.Fitz-
patrick, Foster, Grimes, Hamlin, Hunter, Iverson, Johnson
of Tennessee, Mason, and Tiumbuil—13.
The bin was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time It was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the bill still open to amend-
ment?
. The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not.
The bill was passed.
On motion of Mr. COLLAMER, the title of
the bill was amended, so as to read: " A bill for5
the relief of Mrs. Anne M. Smith, widow of the
late Brevet Major General Persifer F. Smith; and
Mrs. Harriet B. Macomb, widow of Major Gen-
eral Alexander Mffcomb, deceased; and also Mrs.
Arabella Riley, widow of Brevet Major Bennet
Riley, deceased."
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I move that when the
Senate adjourns, it be to meet on Monday next.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. At twelve o'clock, and
every day thereafter at that hour.
Several Senators. At one o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) One o'clock is named. The longest
time will be put first. The question is on the mo-
tion that when the Senate adjourns, it be to meet
on Monday next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. Forney, its Clerk, announced that the
Speaker had signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 26)
to extend the provisions of " An act to enable the
State of Arkansas and other States to reclaim
the swamp lands within their limits" to Minne-
sota and Oregon, and for other purposes; which
thereupon received the signature of the Vice Pres-
ident.
The message further announced that the House
had ordered, this day, the printing of the follow-
ing documents:
■Letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, com-
municating the report of the United States Coast
Survey—ordered at twelve o'clock and thirteen
minutes.
Letter of the Secretary of War, communicat-
ing, in compliance with a resolution of the House,
a report of the progress of the wagon road from
Fort Smith to the Colorado river—ordered at
twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes.
Letter of the Secretary of War, communicat-
ing the report of the art commission—ordered at
twelve o'clock and fifteen minutes.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hour fixed by
the Senate has arrived within a few seconds for
the answer of Mr. Hyatt to the questions pro-
posed to him by the order of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. I move that the witness be
brought into the Chamber, in pursuance of the
order of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Sergeant-at-
Arms will fulfill the order.
The Sergeant-at-Arms appeared at the bar,
having in his custody Mr. Hyatt.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Mr. Hyatt, are you
prepared now to answer the questions which I
asked you by order of the Senate ?
Mr. Hyatt. Yes, sir; I am. I have my an-
swer here. 1 am not able to read it. I hope the
Clerk will read it for me.
Mr. MASON. I propose that the document
which the witness tenders be received a. the desk
of the Secretary, and examined, to see if it con-
tains answers to the interrogatories put to him,
and whether they are under oath.
The motion was agreed to; and the Sergennt-
at-Arms took the answer to the Secretary's desk
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary in-
forms the Chair that it purports to be an answer
to the two interrogatories, and that it is under
oath.
Mr. MASON. I observe, by a cursory look
at the document, that it is a very long one. A
greatdeal, or a portion of it at least, is apparently
printed matter. I do not know how we can as-
certain even the substance without reading it, or
at least so much of it as to see its charactcr, so
that we can determine whether to receive it, or
to refer its consideration to the committee or not.
I propose, therefore, that it be read for the pres-
ent, in order to see what it contains. If neces-
sary, the reading can be stopped at any particular
point.
The VICE PRESIDENT If there be no
