2964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
Chickasaw funds, by the United States, for the
benefit of the Choctaws. Now, by the Senator's
amendment you propose to take that $500,000
which the United States received from the Chick-
asaws for the Choctaws, and deduct it from the
Choctaws. Where is the justice of taking what
another man paid for the debt that he owed as
your debt, ana charging it against him? It is
more monstrous than the disallowance of the
whole. It is not only refusing them what you
owe, but taking from them what another paid,
and which you hold as trustee, violating not only
the faith of a debtor, but the faith of a trustee
who holds trust funds for an Indian tribe. Where
is the honor of the Government that would take
$500,000 to hold in trust, paid by the Chickasaw,
and charge it to the Choctaw, when you hold it
in trust for him, and the treaty of 1855 provides
that you shall continue to hold it in trust for him?
That is the settlement proposed to be made: that
you shall take a trust fund which you owe, which
you hold for the Choctaws as so much paid, and
deduct it from them. And this is the justice of
the American Senate, this the proposition of the
Senator from Mississippi, who speaks of this
tnb& as a faithful, friendly tribe in alliance with
us, honest and disposed to agriculture. This is
the example you arc setting to these honest In-
dians—to cheat them out of $500,000 which you
hold in trust for them! Just so, sir, precisely
with the other amount. You bought some of
that land which you had cedcd to them and they
leased you another portion, and you agreed to
pay them $600,000—$100,000 in cash, and the
other $500,000 to be held in trust; and now you
propose to take that. You propose to take
§1,000,000 which you hold in trust, and with it
to pay them $1,000,000 that you owe them. That
is the justice of the American Senate! That is
the award you make them after they have trusted
it to your honor and your magnanimity, saying,
in this treaty: " We trust it to you; you are faith-
ful and honorable; you hold our money; we will
trust it to you; and you make the award;'5 and
you take the money which you owe them to pay
them what you owe them for another purpose—
you take money which you hold in trust for them,
to pay, them what you owe! I can conceive of
nothing more derogatory to the character of the
American Senate. When this Indian tribe, this
friendly people, have put themselves in your
hands, saying "Pay us what you choose," you
take money which you arc holding in trust for
them, to pay a debt which you have decided that
you owe!
Mr. TOOMBS. What has just been said shows
that this committee, of which the gentleman from
New Hampshire is one, could not have paid the
least attention to it, or that statement would not
have been made. I would not rely upon anything
coming from a committee where one of its mem-
bers was so mistaken as to make the statement
which he lias just made. The reason of these
charges of §606,000 and $500,000, is that we gave
the Choctaws fifteen million acres of land, wo say
in payment of the land east. Well, if we give
them ail the proceeds of the land east, we an> en-
titled to what they sold of the land west. They
gold two portions of it for $1,130,000—one for
§600,000 and the other for $530,000. On the ref-
erence to the Interior Department to take the ac-
count, we say that was a payment. " You have
sold a part of the thing we exchanged for $600,000,
and we ought to charge you with that." We
made part of the payment in land. We have sold
that land and fixed the price. 1 say the ten mil-
lion acres is fair payment; and the Secretary, in
taking the account, ought to have taken in the
ten million acres unsold as well as the few mil-
lions sold; and now the Senator tells us we are
taking away the trust fund. Why, sir, we are
only estimating the amount they sold out of the
value of the thing we gave them.
Mr, CLARK, I only want to say one word
in regard to what first fell from the Senator from
Georgia, whether we have looked at it or not. Lot
him make an examination, if ho chooses; but I
want to tell that Senator that, m this very treaty
of 1855, which we made, by which wo agreed to
pay this balance of the net proceeds of the land,
we agreed with the Indians that we would hold
for them both the sums of $500,000, amounting
to $1,000,000. After we had provided that they
should have the net proceeds of the land, we agreed
that we would hold those sums for them. Now,
after having made that agreement, we are asked
to charge it to them, and then hold*t; and that is
the justice of an American Senator. Was that the
fair interpretation of the treaty when you told them
you would pay them the balance of the proceeds of
those lands,and that you would continue to hold
that $1,000,000 for them, to take that §1,000,000
to pay the debt you owe them? That is what you
propose to do.
Mr. TOOMBS. Certainly.
Mr. CLARK. I do not think a man need study
very much to understand what that means.
Mr; SIMMONS. I heard the Senator from
Georgia last night; and I should like to know what
land it was that was sold for $1,100,000.
Mr. TOOMBS. Part of the original fifteen mil-
lion acres given by the treaty of 1820, for which
patents were issued under the treaty of 1830.
W hether that shall be taken as a part of the pay-
ment is the sole question.
Mr. SIMMONS. But I understood the Sen-
ator to mention two counties for which it was
given.
Mr. TOOMBS. No. I say, by the treaty of
1820, it was agreed that those who remained in
Mississippi, when they became sufficiently civil-
ized, should become citizens, and that certain lim-
ited quantities of land should be given to those
who staid. We gave them those limited quan-
tities—heads of families a section, children so
much, &c.
Mr. SIMMONS. I know that; but it was
stated last night that the land ceded covered some
two or three counties, and for those counties we
agreed to give them fifteen million acrcs west.
Mr, TOOMBS. 1 say that was part of the con-
sideration, and only part.
Mr. SIMMONS. The rest of it was, that we
were to have a part of what they were residing
on. Do I understand it so?
Mr. TOOMBS. I have nothing further to add.
My speech is on record. X have stated it more
than two or three times, and I do not want to take
up the time of the Senate on an appropriation bill
by repeating it. I must decline saying anything
more, as 1 have no more interest in it than any
other Senator.
Mr. SIMMONS. My only interest is to know
how to vote on the question.
Mr. TOOMBS. 1 despair of the Senator get-
ting a clearer statement from myself than I have
uhcrtdy given in reference to it.
Mr. SIMMONS. If 1 understood that these
fifteen million an-es were exchanged for certain
lands east of the Mississippi river that weie over
and above what these reservations covered, i
should think the money was a fair set-off; but if
it was given for another portion of land, and it
was understood at the time by the Indians that
they were to receive what they did not receive,
and 
Mr. TOOMBS. That is the whole point in
dispute.
Mr. SIMMONS. When was that done; in
1820 or 1830?
Mr. TOOMBS. Both, ISSOand 1830. The treaty
of 1830 was to carry out the treaty of 1820.
Mr. SIMMONS. Ever since I have been in
the Senate, I have heard of this treaty of Dancing
Rabbit creek. I think the Departments of the
Government and the Senates who made these sub-
sequent treaties must have understood that that
portion of money belonged to the Indians, or they
would not have made the provisions they subse-
quently did make.
Mr. TOOMBS. I admit it belongs to them; but
the question is, whether it shall be allowed as a
credit in the account. It is their money.
Mr. SIMMONS. But it is proceeds of the sale
of their land, I understand; and how can we set
that oil ? *
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I want to say a word
on this question. In 1830, the United States gave
to the Choctaw nation of Indians a patent for fif-
teen million acres of land. With the assent of the
United States, the Choctaws sold to the Chicka-
saws five million of those fifteen million acrcs, for
which they were to receive $530,000 from the
Chickasaws; butthe United States, being a debtor
to the Chickasaws, undertook to pay it for them.
At a subsequent period, the United States made
another contract with the Choctaws, proprietors
now of ten million acres, by which they relin-
quished certain portions of that land, for which
the United States agreed to give them the further
sum of $600,000. Was not the United States,
upon these transactions, indebted $1,100,000 to '
the Choctaws ? So far the proposition is perfectly
clear. Suppose there had been no transactions
between them but these two sales, by the Choc-
taws, of lands which the United States had pat-
ented to them: certainly no one could say butthat
the United States owed these two sums of $530,000
and $600,000. Did the United States owe them
anything before ? If they did, we must add that
to this sum.
It seems to have struck us all with some little
perplexity. I may be wrong; but it seems to me
this is simplifying the proposition in such a way
that if we agree on the facts, the conclusion must
inevitably follow. After the Choctaws wore the
patentees of this land, when it belonged to them
as far forth as the United States could make it
belong to them by grant, they sold a portion of
the land for $530,000 to another tribe of Indians.
That tribe of Indians having a claim upon the
United States, the United States paid the money
for them. They afterwards sold or ceded to the
United States another portion of the land for
$600,000 more. Then, if there had been no other
accounts between the parties,*the Government
would have owed them $1,130,000; and if there
was any indebtednesss before, I apprehend that
must be added to it.
Now,if I understand it, according to this mode
of settlement, there being a previous debt of the
| United States added to this sum of §1,100,000, the
| total is over twenty-two hundred thousand dol-
lars. It appears to me that that is the debt which
is due from the United States to the Choctaws.
How these several sums of $530,000 and $600,000
can be made credits in ourfavor against the Choc-
taws, I cannot see. The Chickasaws certainly
owed the Choctaws $530,000. That is clear. If
they had paid it themselves, it would not have
affected any account between the United States
and the Choctaws; but the United States, ow-
ing the Chickasaws money, agreed to pay thu
amount for them to the Choctaws, and thus sat-
isfy the debt from the Chickasaws. So it strikes
me. I regret very much that this subject has not
been introduced m a form which would admit of
more deliberation; but as it is, we must decide it.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I was struck with
the zeal of the Senator from New Hampshire. It
passes, itwould seem, the ordinary interest of the
^ Senator m an appropriation item. He does very
| well as an advocate of the claim—not very well
: as a Senator—when he says that nothing could
be so derogatory to the Senate as to reduce the
sum from a given number of dollars to another
number of dollars which he thinks is not the just
one. I can imagine several things moie derog-
atory to the Senate than the reduction of a claim
which is before the body, in a final allowance.
Nor do I consider that there is such plain viola-
tion of justice as the Senator thinks proper to as-
sume. The note from which he read, I suppose
he must have considered, and that recites the fact
that—
" Under the second article of the treaty of 1830, a patent
was issued to the Choctaws for the eouuiry west of Aikan-
sa-t, estimated to contain fifteen million acres; subsequently,
th * Chickasaws, with the (-orient of the United States,
purchased a portion of tins tract at £j30,0U0, winch the
United States paid out ot the tru t fund belonging to the
Chickasaws.
This is treated as though it were a fee-simple
to an individual. Themeamngof the word "fee,"
as there employed, was to grant a home to the
Indians from which they should not subsequently
be removed by the claim of State sovereignty, as
the Indians cast of the Mississippi had been. It
was to protect them in their homes west of the
, Mississippi. This, General Jackson, who pos-
| sessed their confidence more than any man in his
1 day, constantly presented to them as the great
| consideration why they should migrate to the west
side of the Mississippi; that their home would
1 be permanent; that they were not to hold them
; by a mere possessory right; that they were not
j to have a mere usufruct, but, as a nation, they were
i to have a fee in the tract. It was not under-
! stood then,and this transaction shows it was not
j understood afterwards, that this word " fee" lm-
] plied the right to sell when and to whom they
! pleased. Else they had sold to the Chickasaws
i without involving the United States. They held
