2020
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. CURTIS.' The argument of the gentle-
man who was last upon the floor, it seems to me,
in relation to the compensation which is received
by the people of the North, applies with quite as
much force to the people of the South. If the
North rticeives a higher price for the iron which
they manufacture, 1 would like to know if thG
South do not receive a corresponding higher
price for their cotton? I would like to know if
Virginia, does not receive a higher price for her
tobacco, because there are in the northern States
a larger number who require these articles for
consumption? Sir, it surprises me that gentlemen
should rise on this floor and assert that the South
pays two thirds of the taxes for the support of
this Government, as has been asserted here to-
day, when, in the same breath, it is asserted this
tax falls on the consumer, and when every gentle-
man must know that there are in the northern
States twice as many who are consumers. Iiow
is it in regard to the people of the North? We
are taxed for everything we wear, from the soles
of our boots to the tops of our hats, whereas four
million of the laboring population of the South
consume nothing that is imported, and conse-
quently pay no tax for the support of the Gov-
ernment. They cannot escape from that position
by asserting that the goods which are protected
for the benefit of the manufacturer, are dearer than
they otherwise would be. Sir, the consumers of
the South do not have to pay any more for these
articles than the consumers of the North do. My
people in the State of Iowa pay vastly more taxes
for the support of the Government than the con-
stituents of my friends from Virginia or Missouri,
because all the laboring men in my State arc in
the habit of wearing imported goods, while all
those in Missouri and Virginia do not.
Mr. KEITT. The gentleman says that the
people of Iowa pay more than their share for the
support of the Federal Government. Now, I
wisli to ask him if lie is willi-ng to compel las con-
stituents to pay a still larger share for the sup-
port of the Government by voting for this bill ?
Mr. CURTIS. If the gentleman from South
Carolina will be patient and hear me, I will in-
form him why i expect to vote for this bill. In
the first place, however, I will remark that the
people of the State of Iowa, as constituents in
this General Government,are willing to pay their
fair share for its support. Bat they also expect
to receive an equivalent for what they pay. I
was remarking that the people of Iowa pay moie
for the suppoit of the Government than an equal
population of Virginia, because a larger propoi-
tion of them are consumers of imported goods.
Iowa, as an agricultural people, will receive an
equivalent for the additional price which they pay
upon the manufactured articles, by building up a
home market at our own doors The gentleman
asks me how I show that? I answer, by the
protection to which I am willing to afford home
manufactures. I encourage manufaetuies to come
into my own neighborhood—into my own vicin-
ity. I expect to see the mechanics which we
now feed am) support in France and England,
transferring their skill and machinery to our own
soil, where we can feed the workmen with the
fresh products of our own rich prairie farms.
JHere the hammer feli.j
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. DAWKS. I propose to amend the amend-
ment, by changing ten dollars to eleven dollars.
I wish to say that there is no greater fallacy
which ean be advocated for the support of free
trade against protection than that just advanced
by the gentleman from Virginia, that the con-
sumer pays a heavier tax upon every article of
home manufacture, because of the protection
which is afforded by the duties imposed upon the
imported article, or in other words, that the price
of an ai tide in necessarily enhanced by the pro-
tection afforded the manufacturer. This was the
fallacy of the Secretary of the Treasury, Mr.
Walker, in 1846, when lie came forth with his re-
port, stating, in reference to very many articles,
precisely what the gentleman from Virginia now
states: that the people of the country were com-
pelled to pay a double tax; first, a tax for pro-
tection, and then a tax arising in consequence of
the enhanced price of the American article from
tiie duty imposed upon the foreign. Why, sir,
he had before lum in the list many articles upon
which the duty imposed was greater than the
market price at that very time.
The reason why a protective duty upon an
article does notenhancc the price of that article in
the market is because it makes a home market;
because it stimulates competition at home; and
bccause,when the home manufacturer can manu-
facture and sell twice, thrice, and four times the
amount of the article, he can afford to sell it at a
less price. It is the difference between a nimble
sixpence and a slow shilling; it is because the
homo manufacturer knows that he can command
the supply of the whole market, and therefore can
afford to produce and sell cheaper than the foreign
manufacturer can afford to produce and import.
And that is my answer to the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Stanton,] who accuses us in New
England with seeking to build up our manufac-
turing interests to the injury of the agricultural
interests. I repel the insinuation, We have no
hostility to the agricultural interests. The pros-
perity of our interests and of the agricultural in-
terests is one and the same. The manufacturer
of wool cannot prosper unless he has a home
market. Unless he can sell his manufactured
goods in this country, he cannot export them in
twenty years from this time, no matter how many
he may manufacture; and so the agriculturist is
benefited by the home market, which those en-
gaged in manufacture afford him. So it is that
one stimulates and supports the products of the
other.
The idea that there can be no home protection,
unless the consumer-pays the duty, is absurd.
The effect of such a duty upon goods as affords
protection to the home manufacturers, by keeping
out the foreign goods, is, that it opens up a mar-
ket for the home producers, induces competition
among them, and thus reduces the costof the arti-
cle. That has been the history of the matter from
the first tariff ever made down to the present time.
The effect of it has been to cause the price of cot-
ton, which wan once forty cents per yard, to be
reduced to six cents per yard, while, according
to the doctrine of the gentleman from Virginia,
through the effect of protection, it should have
risen to eighty cents per yard. Every man who
buys two yards of cotton cloth for ten cents, knows
that that result has been accomplished by protec-
tion to the home manufacturers, and thus mdu-
ung them to compete with each other, and reduce
the eost of production.
Mr. KKITT. Mr. Chairman, an English no-
bleman the other day, m Parliament, said that,
while France and Great Britain were treading the
road of advancement in political economy, the
United States were going backwards. We have
here revived all of the old fallacies which have
been discussed for the last thirty years,and which
we had supposed were at last exploded. Gen-
tlemen seem to predicate their support of this bill
upon various grounds, and I do not know what
particular ground to take up in order to answer
the arguments which have been made.
One gentleman says that his constituents pay
an unequal proportion of the taxes of the coun-
try, yet ho will go for the bill, with a view to
build up manufactories here and there, and with a
view to allow them to sHl articles which are pro-
duced here around us. Is not that an admission
that the persons around receive, in (he sale of their
articles, compensation for the additional price
which they pay in consequence of this protection ?
Docs it not also show that those who are not here
around receive no compensation whatever, and
that they suffer from^his protection? Another
gentleman says, with an amazing effrontery of
discovery, that we get American cotton goods as
cheap now as the imported cotton goods. Your
tariff 1ms not achieved this; but improved ma-
chinery, the multiplication of capital, increase of
skill, and the thousand constituent elements which
enter into the advance of a people, haye brought
about this result. Would it not have .gone on
still more, but for the fetters which you have
thrown around it?
One gentleman says that the South- pays an
undue proportion of the revenue. I will tell you
how she pays it. Your imports are predicated
upon your exports; and where do your exports
come from ? Not only do the consumers pay, but
the producers of the exports pay; because, in pro-
portion to your production, they get a similar re-
turn foi their own ai tides. A man who makes
rice, cotton, or sugar, gets in return wine or silks,
or articles which are brought in,just in propor-
tion to the amount of taxes you put upon them.
It is in this way that the South, through her pro-
ducing and exporting capacity, pays more than a
fair proportion.
Gentlemen say that, unless you give them this
protection, their great interest will languish. Lan-
guish, why ? Because you have not got a homo
market? You have got as good a home market
as you had before. Languish, because you can-
not meet the competition of foreigners? If you
cannot meet the competition of foreigners, and
you must have protection to give you a home mar-
ket, do you not get that out of those who buy?
What do you want with protection, to give you a
home market, if your interests are sufficiently
strong not to regard this support? You had it
for forty years; you have built up your system;
and you told us, decade after decade, that all you
wanted was stability. You have a tariff—a tariff
put on by New England. You said that you
wanted stability; and now what do we see? Is
there a single man of those who said that their
industrial system vibrated so sensitively to every
shock; who said that they cared not so much
about the amount of protection as they did to have
a stable system of protection—is there a single
man of them who does not come here now and
want to shock their systems?
What is this for? Do you of New England
get an advantage from this tariff', or is it only for
apolitical purpose? Are you really compromis-
ing the industrial system of your own section for
a political purpose? If that be so, are you will-
ing, upon that platform, to go before the people?
Are you willing to go before the country upon
the ground that some interests want support out
of the Treasury? If anything undermines the
Government, it will be this; for Roman liberty
perished when the Roman populace were fed out
of the public granaries. The men who come here
and ask for high protection upon their industrial
system, are only asking the Government to stretch
forth its hand to pluck the gain of others for their
advantage.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
Mr. CURTIS. I say to the gentleman from
South Carolina, [Mr. Keitt,] that I represent a
constituency, and half a State, as much Reserving
the name of an agricultural community as he or
any other southern man. I understand very well
the large share of taxes my people have to pay.
I am not anxious to increase their burdens. On
the contrary, I am opposed to increasing them,
and desire to ameliorate their condition in this
respect. I only favor the increase of duties upon
imports in order to meet the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, which have been greatly swollen by the
extravagance of this Administration, and to pay
the consequent heavy debt which hangs over the
country. So far as that object is concerned, I am
willing to increase the revenue. I understand that
the tariff bill before the committee does nothing
more than this.
Neither do Task that my people shall be fed
out of the public crib, as the gentleman argues
those do who go for protection. They are a peo-
ple who raise provisions, not only to feed them-
selves, but they can produce almost enough to
feed the people of all countries. They feed the
people of the South and the people of the North.
They are like the ancient Egyptians, peculiarly
a provision-growing and supplying community;
with soil, climate, and intelligence, to develop the
utmost success in this branch of industry. One
of the great objects of our farmers is the raising
of hogs. They are becoming the great staple of
the State of Iowa. I wish to see the proper man-
ufactures established to dispose of the head, feet,
bristles, and even the hair of the animal; and I
wish, therefore, to see manufactories of oil, can-
dles, soap, glue, brushes, and mattresses, in close
proximity to my constituents, where the rough
material can be prepared for general use. Wo
also raise and export large quantities of cattle. I
want to see the hoofs, hides, and even the horns,
of such as we butcheratourown slaughter-houses,
manufactured in our own vicinity. I therefore
dcsiie to see shoemakers, combmakers, and all
kind of manufacturers, convenient, and prepared
to make profitable use of all, even thy offal of the
