1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
m.
Mr. TRUMBULL. .Not entirely, Mr. Presi-
dent, do I concede them to be conventional. Many-
things, doubtless, are either criminal or innocent
according to the circumstances, and when we
speak of crime in human society, or in political
organizations, we mean some violation of the laws
of the land, and I take it there are no laws of the
land upon the subject of polygamy in some coun-
tries, and I suppose it would not, in that sense,
be a crime in those countries. If the gentleman
wants my opinion of it morally, which I presume
he does not, of course I am very willing to ex-
press it.
Mr. CLAY. Will the Senator pardon me for
interrupting him? Would not the taking of a
human being's life without justifiable or excusa-
ble cause be a crime, independent of all statutory
provision or legal enactment; and if so by parity of
reasoning, is not polygamy a crime; and if so, by
the force of your own platform which condemns
slavery equally with polygamy, is that not a
crime, independent of all human legislation?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The taking of human life
in the instance the Senator puts, unjustifiably,
would undoubtedly be a great wrong and a crime
in any civilized country. I do not know how it
would be regarded among savages. In some in-
stances, where we would not regard the killing as
by any means justifiable, they perhaps would.
But all this thing of holding persons in slavery,
depends upon the circumstances. I hold that itis a
wrong, an evil, a natural wrong; and while I say
that,! say in my judgment—I have no right to
speak for the Republican party, and do not wish to
be put in that position—but in my judgment, it is
not a crime in every instance, and 1 have never so
regarded it. This is my explanation of the Decla-
ration of Independence, and of the enunciation of
the same principles in the platform of the Repub-
lican party. If it means anything else, I do not
understand it, and the people of the State of I llinois
do not understand it. It is the doctrine we have pro-
claimed there always, and the people of the State
of Illinois who belong to the Republican party,
belong to it as a party adopting the principles of
the old Republican party, and as that old Repub-
lican party kept slavery out of the Territories,
believing it to be an evil, we desire to do the same
thing, and for that purpose the present Republican
party was organized, because of the change of the
policy of the Government on the subject of sla-
very, in undertaking to extend it.
1 may omit to answer fully the Senator from
Florida. I hope I shall not, and certainly I will
not omit answering frankly, so far as I am able to
do so, if I recollect the positions which he has as-
sumed, for in this debate it is no interruption to
me that gentlemen ask questions. I wish to de-
ceive nobody. I have 110 prepared speech to make,
and therefore it is no interruption to me. If I
can afford information to any gentleman from
the South that shall disabuse his mind as to the
objects and views of the northern people, I shall
consider that I am performing a service to my
country in giving the information.
Mr. YULEE. Since the Senator so kindly
gives me 
Mr. TRUMBULL. Had you not better let
me get through with what you said before ? It
is a matter, however, for your consideration.
Mr. YULEE. I wasjiierely going to say that
you had not touched any inquiry I have made
as yet. You have not replied to any one of the
questions I have propounded, with the single ex-
ception, that I understand the Senator to declare
that the doctrines and principles of his party upon
the slavery question are confined, and so is their
purpose and policy, altogether to the territorial
question. I believe I understood him to have
declared that one point, but in respect to every
other inquiry which I propounded to him for the
exposition of the platform which he presented
here, I have not yet received a reply. I will re-
state the inquiries if the Senator desires, but I
presume he recollects them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not been able to
get through with what I designed to say in reply
to the Senator from Florida, the Senator from
Alabama having interposed some questions in the
meantime, diverting my attention from him. I
shall endeavor to answer him. The Republican
party, as I understand, was organized with regard
to the territorial question; but, if the Senator,
when he says it is confined altogether to that,
means to understand me as saying that the Repub-
lican party would not make itself efficien t in pre-
venting the violation of the law by reviving the,
African slave trade, or anything of that kind, he
misunderstands me. The Republican party, on
this subject of slavery, would prevent its exten-
sion; and it would enforce the laws .equally in
the North and in the South. While it would
not interpose to prevent the owner of a slave
from recapturing him in a free State, it would
make itself active in preventing violations of the
law in the southern States by the introduction of
negroes from the coast of Africa, ajid the revival
of the African slave trade. We would administer
this Government very differently from the man-
ner in which it is now administered; and if we had
control, the Army and Navy of the land would be
as readyto arrest your vessels loaded with slaves,
when they landed upon the southern const, as they
are to arrest a negro that may b,e found loose
somewhere in the city of Boston.
The Senator asked me the question distinctly,
Was slavery abolished by the Constitution of the
United States? No, sir.
Mr. YULEE. No,sir; Idid not ask that ques-
tion. I asked the meaning of this clause in the
Republican platform.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps I shall be able to
answer; if not, when I get through the Senator
can repeat the question. He wanted to know if
the slaves in Tennessee and Louisiana are freed
by this platform. No, sir; the Senator certainly
understands that.
Mr. YULEE. I do.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He wanted to know if the
slaves are free in the District of Columbia by this
platform. No, sir.
Mr. PUGH. May I ask the Senator 'whether
he is speaking for himself or for the party ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am speaking for my-
self; and as I understand 
Mr. PUGH. I thought yoawere interpreting
the party.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am giving my under-
standing of the Republican creed, and the way it
is understood by the people of the Northwest who
are a conservative, Union-loving, constitution-
abiding people, loyal to the Constitution and to
the Union, and are no ultraists in any sense of
the word.
Mr. PUGH. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him whether he considers Governor Chase,
of Ohio, an exponent of the principles of the Re-
publican party ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I consider
that (the platform) the exponent of the principles
of the Republican party, and not what any one
man may say. It is tho creed of one million three
hundred thousand men, and Governor Chase may
or may not precisely agree with me in his inter-
pretation of every clause. I do not believe it pos-
sible there can be as much difference between us
as there is between the Senator from Ohio, with
his popular-sovereignty dogmaand the great Dem-
ocratic party. [Laughter.]
Mr. PUGH. That is just what I want to find
out: how much difference there is between the
Senator and the rest of his party.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not believe there is
so wide a difference as that.
Mr. YULEE. But the Senator wondered yes-
terday evening that I was unable to understand
his platform.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me a plain
platform. It has got no northern and southern
face, like your Cincinnati creed. We do not
prcach popular sovereignty in the North, and
scout it as a humbug in the South.
Mr. PUGH. You do not preach it in the South
at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; we do not preach
it in the South at all; and yet the men who do not
allow our principles to be proclaimed in the South
talk about sectionalism. A sectionalism, so pure
and unadulterated that it will not tolerate the ex-
position of the principles of its opponents at all
where it is in power, talks to the other party
about sectionalism!
I say that slavery was not abolished in Tennes-
see and in Louisiana by the Constitution. Why,
sir, does not the Senator from Florida know that
we acquired Tennessee by a deed of cession that
prohibited the extension to it of that portion of
the ordinance of 1787 which excluded slavery1?
Slavery eStiSieft 'twere, not. by. virtue af. thejQoi^
stitution, creating if, but. by vifjtjujs-of joc&Mawj
and that i# the-authority which; establifhes;sjar
very everywhere." Slavery ca.n-.q^stno.whsfs^x-.
cept.by virtue of loe$l law, a d that is tlje,reason
why the person who o^wj'a.^gve !9, aj^iatc.fiqn-
not hol4 hijji as ■ a slaiVe, under thei lajs; of his
State, in a TSwUujjr. -wfeefie slavery: li!fs tifvar
been established. The Senator wants; to. know 0
Congress can confident**' pronely. Surely
not. That questiop cannot jtriso; he csynnot, hold
the property thergi he does npt own the,maun is
voluntarily,goes into.a jur-isdiction.where there, vs.
no law to establish, slavery, and, when he, ga-
ther® the shackles, of the slave fell off, not. b.y
virtue of tho Constitution of the-United States,
abolishing slavery everywhere, but biy tho uni-
versal law of mankind that this thing of slavery
is so odious that it can only be sustained, by jjosjl-,
tive law.
Mr. YULEE. As- I wish- to understand, the
Senator perfectly as we proceed, I will ask him.
tliia question; When he spoke of the exiatenceof
slavery in Tennessee by virttte-of thelocaJ, law*
did he mean the, local law of the Territory, or the
local law as established and, recognized by Con-
gress by virtue-of the compact with North Caro-
lina ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I mean, the. local law ex-
isting in that Territory when it was ceded, and
whicn, Congress, in accepting, agr>eed not to in-
terfere with.
Mr. YULEE. Precisely. Now. the Senator
haa. reached a point at which he. \yiIX be able, to
comprehend exactly what I> desire, and will be
able to giye the exposition X wish, to have. Rec-
oncile the fact that slavery, by- the assent of the
gentleman, existed legally in.Tennessee, while a
Territory, because Congress established a local
law that recognized it, or authorized it there in
virtue of the compact with North Carolina—rec-
oncile that admission with this declaration, the
exposition of which I have asked of the Senator—
that is one of the points of exposition I ask;
" That wp deny the authority of Congress, or a Territo-
rial Legislature, of any individual or association of. indi-
viduals, to give legal existence to slavery in any Territory
of the United States whll*1 the present Constitution shall
be maintained."
And depending upon that, will be the farther
inquiries I made from him, if tho inhabitants, of a
Territory being all from a southern State, and. all
owners of slave property, pass laws to protect
that property, whether under this platform one
of the measures which the party the gentleman
belongs to would be called upon to institute,
would be to repeal those laws and abolish the
asserted claim; and whether, when that Terri-
tory so holding slaves chose to provide in its
constitution for the protection of that spccies, of
property, and presented herself here for admis-
sion as a State, his party will deny her admission
on that account. Is that the exposition of this
clause of that platform, and how does the Sen-
ator reconcile it with tho admission of the legal
existence of slavery in Tennessee, under what he
calls the local law, as sanctioned by Congress?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator's questions multiply so fast that it is difficult
to get through with the first series before a second
comes. However, I do not object to this, because
I wish to be understood, and if I can be best un-
derstood by gentlemen putting questions to me in
that way, it is all very well.
! Mr. YULEE. I was only bringing the Sen-
, ator back to the, question I first put.
j Mr. TRUMBULL. I intended to answer a
; portion of the Senator's inquiry last made, in my
i subsequent remarks. The local law in Tennessee
| authorizing slavery was not a law to which Con-
' gress gave existence; it was a law in existence
; before Congress had any jurisdiction over the
| Territory. The Constitution did not intervene by
its terms to exclude slavery, there being a local
| law in existence not made by Congress author-
| izing it. Congress had nothing to do with the
| making of that local law. It was there; men had
. a right to their slaves as property in the Territory
! before it belonged to the United States at all.
-Now he wants to know whether Congress can
i confiscate that property. No—not if itis prop-
j erty; but if it was in a Territory where there had
I been no law establishing (slavery; and if, as he
I supposes, people from the southern States exclu-
