1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2021
animal. I do not wish my people to incur the
entire loss or the expense of transporting these
articles to remote places for manufacturing pur-
poses. I prefer that they should be manufac-
tured in our own neighborhood, where my people
can exchange and economize in tha interchange
of labor.
And, Mr. Chairman, wehave also a vast amount
of water power in the State of Iowa. We have
in the Mississippi river, atone place—at the lower
rapids—a fall of twenty-four feet, and at another a
fall of some twenty-two feet. This water power
is immense and easily applied. I want to see the
great Mississippi applied to mechanical use. I
want to see manufactories spring up there; and
I therefore want to see protection afforded by a
tariff measure that will conduce to the develop-
ment of these great latent resources of my State.
There are also interior rivers possessed of such
advantages, especially the Des Moines, where, at
convenient intervals, in a beautiful and fertile val-
ley, there are three hundred feet of falls. But a
small portion of this has been developed, although
here is a physical convenient power sufficient for
millions of spindles, looms, and factories. I want
to see protection and encouragement afforded, so
that machinery may be put up and set in motion
throughout every beautiful valley of the State.
In that way Iowa expects to be compensated for
the encouragement given to other than a single
industrial pursuit. We want to afford every
means for enticing manufactories within reach of
our physical resources; and very well understand
the advantages of convenient markets, which we
expectto secure by bringing them to us rather than
paying half the value of our agricultural products
to transport them to market.
Mr. Chairman, I deny that this is the protection
of oilc class at the expense of another. I con-
sider it self-protection. I abhor any such doc-
trine, and all your pretense of favored classes in
this tariff adjustment. We propose only to give
legitimate encouragement to the industry and the
skill of the country. Iowa, by voting for a tariff,
secures important advantages for herself.
In reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Stanton,] who speaks of the protection of agri-
culture, by demanding duties on agricultural prod-
ucts, I will say that we ask no protection in any
other way than that manufactures shall be invited
to come into our midst. We ask for no duty
upon pork. Let any nation compctc with Iowa,
if it can, in producing corn or hogs; we defy com-
petition. We ask for no duty on>cattlc. Import
your long-legged long horns from Mexico; we
will double their weight and profit by their feed-
ing. We want no protection in the raising of
horses. Bring in your Mexican mustangs to com-
pete with our horses; we will make convenient
use of them in chasing deer and wolves on our
western prairies, or turn them over for the amuse-
ment of our children. We have 110 need of pro-
tection, cxcept against common carriers, commis-
sions, and exchanges. Bring those we feed nearer
to our farms and fields, and wo will secure our
own peace and prosperity. Why should we send
our hides to Europe, to be returned to us in boots
or shoes that should have been made at our own
doors r What we want is that kind of protection
which we will receive by the incorporation of
manufacturing companies among us; so that, in-
stead of carrying our products a thousand miles,
and across the ocean, to be manufactured, they
can be manufactured in sight of our own doors.
That is the sort of agricultural manufacture I^agrcc
to maintain and support: and not that which the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Stanton] spoke of,
when he supposed that we wanted protection for
the agricultural products of the country.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. SMITH, of Virginia. I have listened to
the speech of the gentleman from Iowa with, I
confess, some surprise. He has hogs and cattle,
and all those products of the plains, to supply to
others who demand them; but how he is to be
benefited by this protective tariff I have yet to
learn. That it is a question of bread in many por-
tions of the country, is admitted. The gentle-
man from P«nnsylvania [Mr. Campbell] opened
his speech with the declaration: "The question
is a question of bread. Pennsylvania, without
this tariff, can 110 longer exist." If there is any
truth in political economy, it is unquestionably
true that the duties must constitute a portion of
the price. How, then, are the people of Iowa to
be benefited by this bill, which avowedly in-
creases the prices of articles of consumption ? I
ask the gentleman whether, if the people of Iowa
buy iron, that iron is not enhanced in price by
this bill ? If they buy salt to furnish to their
stock, I ask whether that salt will not cost them
more on account of the duty imposed in this bill?
And if so, how is a new State, which requires
labor to epen it to industry and production, to be
benefited by it?
And yet the gentleman from Iowa, representing
the unreclaimed forest and the unreclaimed plain,
to a very considerable extent, is absolutely will-
ing, while engaged in making it productive, to
increase the burdens that are to be imposed by
this bill on the industry of his people. And why ?
That at some future day, faraway in the distance,
the falls to which he referred, as supplying an im-
mediate amount of water power, would be im-
proved. He would tax them for the present, in
order to get a prospective benefit and advantage
for them, which maynotfall to the lot of the pres-
ent generation, and probably will not, but may,
fall to the lot of those who are to come hereafter.
Is that sound logic ? Is it wisdom ? The gentle-
man supports abill which avowedly enhances the
price of commodities consumed by his people, who
an; engaged in the reclamation of the forest, and
in the production of the cereals and animals of the
plains. I ask him ho w he can expect to find favor
m their eyes, when this legislation of his increases
the burdens that must fall on them ? I therefore
oppose the amendment <jf the gentleman from
Iowa. I say that his amendment, and his support
of this bill, are equally indefensible. I say that
this bill is avowedly intended, not so much to in-
crease the revenue ofthe country—because I sup-
pose there is not a question that this bill will not
give more revenue to the support of the Govern-
ment than that which it is proposed to supersede.
It is unquestionably and undeniably a bill for pro-
tection, and is so termed by many ofthe speakers
who have engaged in this debate. The gentlemen
from Pennsylvania who have spoken on this sub-
jectteil you it is protection. The gentleman from
Iowa, in voting for this bill, votes for protection;
and in voting for protection, he votes for the de-
struction ofthe interests to wliicli he referred when
he was up a moment ago.
[Here the hammer fell.] f
Mr. CURTIS, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Morse's amend-
ment; and it was rejected.
Mr. SIMMS. I offer an amendment as a sub-
stitute for the fifteenth section.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Will it be in order to
offer another amendment to this section, after the
substitute of the gentleman from Kentucky is
offered ?
The CHAIRMAN. It will not. It is in order
to amend and perfect the section before the sub-
stitute is offered.
Mr. HUMPHREY. Then I desire to offer an-
other—an amendment to this section.
Mr. SHERMAN. I give notice that I will, if
the committee sustain me, insist on having the
rules of debate enforced, that members shall be
confined to the pending amendment, instead of
rambling over the whole subject of the tariff.
Mr. SIMMS. I now offer my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Hcmpheet] proposes to perfect the
section.
Mr. SIMMS. That is the object of my amend-
ment. *
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky proposes to strike out, and insert something
else.
Mr. SIMMS. It is to strike out and insert.
Mr. Simms's amendment was read, as follows:
Amend the fifteenth section, by inserting in the fifth line,
after tile word "hemp," ''forty," in lieu ofthe word "tliir-
tv;" in the sixth line, after the word " India," " thirty,"
ill lieu of the word " twentyin the eighth line, after the
word "coidagc," " thirteen," in lieu of the \void"ton;"
and in the same inie. after the word " hemp," k; thirteen,"
in lieu of the word " tenin tile ninth line, after the
word " cordage," "three," in lieu of the word " two;" in
the eleventh line, alter the word '• cordage," " tour," in
lieu ofthe word "three;" m the twelfth line, atter the
word "packthread," "five," in lieu of the woid "four;
in the nineteenth line, after the word " appellation, in-
sert" live," 111 hen of the word " two;" and in the same
line,after the word "duck," " thirty," m lieu of the words
"twenty-five;" in the twenty-first line, after the v\ord
" white," "thirty," in lien of the words "twenty-five
in the twenty-second line, atter the words " provided for,"
■ thirty," in lieu of the word twenty-^' in the twenty-
third line, after the word " flax," " twenty," in lieu of the
word " fitteen;" in the twenty-fifth line, after the word
■cloth," '■ thirty-five," in lieu ofthe words" twenty-five;"
and m the twenty-seventh line, atter the words " provided
for," insert the word "thirty," in lieu ofthe word "twen-
ty;" so as to make the section read:
Sec, 15. Jind he it farther enabled, That from and after
the day and year aforesaid, there shall be levied, collected,
and paid, on the importation of the articles hereinafter
mentioned, the following duties, that is to say: First, on
unmanufactured hemp, forty dollars per ton; on Manilla
and other hemps of India, thirty dollars per ton; on jute,
Sisal grass, sun-hemp, coir, and other vegetable substances,
not enumerated, used for cordage, thirteen dollars per ton ;
on eodilla, or tow of hemp, thirteen dollars per ton; on
tarred cables or cordage, three cents and a Half per pound;
on untarred Manilla cordage, two cents per pound; on all
other untarred cordage, four cents per pound ; on yarns,
twine, and packthread, five cents per pound ; on seines,
six cents per pound ; on cotton bagging, or any other man-
ufacture not otherwise provided for, suitable for the uses
to which cotton bagging is applied, whether composed in
whole or in part of hemp or flax, or any other material, or
imported under the designation of gunnycloth, or any other
appellation,five cents persquare yard; on sail duck, thirty
per centum ad valorem; on Russia and other sheetings,
brown and white, thirty per centum ad valorem; and on ajl
other manufactures of hemp, or of which hemp shall be a
component part, not otherwise provided for, thirty pereent-
11m ad valorem; on unmanufactured flax, twenty dollars
per ton; on tow of flax, five dollars per ton ; on grass cloth,
thirty-five per centum ad valorem ; on all other manufac-
tures of jute or Sisal grass, not otherwise provided for,
thirty per centum ad valorem.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment must be
considered as an entire substitute for the whole
section; otherwise it would not be in order, be-
cause it would be in the nature of many amend-
ments. Itis, therefore, one amendment; and if the
gentleman from New York has, as he suggests,
an amendment to perfect the original section, it
will be first in order.
Mr. SIMMS. I ask for a division of the ques-
tion, so as to take a separate vote on each of ray
propositions.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman with-
draws his first motion.
Mr. SIMMS. No, sir; I ask for a division of
the question, so as to take a separate vote on each
of my amendments.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot do
that. lie can only offer one amendment ata time.
Mr. SIMMS. Then I move, as a separata
amendment, to strike out " thirty," in line five,
and insert "forty" in lieu thereof; so as to make
the duty on "unmanufactured hemp forty dol-
lars" a ton, instead of thirty dollars.
Mr. Chairman, I admit that the principles in-
volved in this bill are probably more important
than any which have been considered during this
session of Congress; and I will admit, as bofore
stated, that if, by a system of tariff, you could so
arrange your protective duties as to reach and ben-
efit equally every great interest of the country,
this method of collecting revenue would be less
objectionable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very sorry that I
must insist 011 the point of order.
Mr. SIMMS. I think I know better what I
am going to say than the gentleman can.
Mr. SHERMAN. If what the gentleman is
going to say relates to the duty on hemp, I will
sit down.
Mr. SIMMS. Of course, every gentleman has
his own way of discussing a question.
Mr. SHERMAN. Well, I waive the question
of order.
Mr. SIMMS. I was going on to say that if
the tariff could be so arranged as to protect labor,
and not capital at the expense of labor, it would
probably accomplish the very highest result that
any Government can be organized to accomplish
in the world; but I insist that there is nothing in
this bill that protects a single article produced m
the United States at this time, that is the produc-
tion of direct labor, and is not for the benefit of
capital, with the exception of the articles em-
braced in this section of the bill and the article of
wool, to which the gentleman from Ohio referred.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair thinks the gen-
tleman from Kentucky is hardly within the line
of argument allowable under the five minutes'
rule.
Mr. SIMMS. If the Chair will allow me, I
will approach the line of argument which I pro-
pose to take in a few more words.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would state
that general debate as to the propriety of meas-
