1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1077
objection, the Secretary will proceed with the
reading: of the answer.
Mr. MASON. The witness may take a seat.
The Sergeant-at-Arms conducted him to a seat
behind the bar.
The Secretary proceeded to read the answer, as
follows:
To the honorable Senate of the United States:
The undersigned, Thaddeus Hyatt, of the city of New
VTork, is, by your resolution, adopted March 6,1860, re-
quired. under oath, to answer the following questions:
" 1. 'What excuse have you for not appearing before the
select committee of the Senate, in pursuance ot the sum-
mons served on you on the 24th day of January, I860?
" 2 Are you now ready to appear before said committee,
and answer such proper questions as shall be put to you by
said committee?"
In response to the first question, the undersigned would
respectfully observe, that while admitting the justice and
propriety of investigating committees, raised for legitimate
purposes, he is constrained to regard such a committee as
the one raised upon the resolution of the 5th of December,
1859, to investigate the Harper's Ferry matters, as a tribu-
nal with powers such as were never before known or con-
templated in this Republican Government; powers that are
inimical to freedom, subversive of liberty, and in violation
of the fundamental law of the land; and to be resisted, be-
cause,
First. Contrary to reason.
Second. Contrary to the Constitution; contrary to both;
because it reveals the legislative branch of the American
Government in the attitude of invading social and domestic
privacy, and by coercive processes compelling citizens to
provide matter for legislation; a function that no citizen is
charged with by the Constitution, and that cannot in the
nature of things be thiust upon him against his will. Con-
trary to both, because the mode of inquiry in obliging wit-
nesses to leave their several States to traveliongdistances,
is an "unreasonable seizure," in the sense of the fourth
article of the Amendmentstothe Constitution, inasmuch as
testimony may be "coerced" as well within one part of the
jurisdiction of the United States as another. In the argu-
ment of his learned counscl, which he herewith introduces
as a portion of his answer 
Mr. MASON. It is very apparent that the
paper purporting to be an answer to the first
question—that is, what excuse he has to offer—is
an argument, I suppose, tending to show that he
ivS not bound to answer. In order to save the
time of the Senate, I propose that the Secretary
be directed to read the answer to the secQnd ques-
tion. The second question is, whether he is now
ready to answer, after having given his excuse.
If he is now ready to answer, I shall then pro-
pose that we suspend the further reading, and let
him proceed to answer. If he declares that ho
is not ready to answer the questions of the com-
mittee, then we can take further action.
Mr. SUMNER. If I understand the two ques-
tionspropoundedby the Senate to the witness, one
is his excuse for not answering, and the second
is, whether he is willing to answer. If I under-
stand the Senator from Virginia aright, he pro-
poses to arrest the answer of the witness to the first
question, to pass that over as unnecessary, and
proceed at oncc to the answer to the second ques-
tion. Now I must submit that that is unfair to the
witness. The witness is here responding to the
order of the Senate; he is before you to answer two
specific questions; and it is now proposed to stop
him midway in the answer to the first question
without hearing what that answer is. I submit,
sir, that that is so unjust that the Senate will not
agree to it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Yesterday the answer
which is now putin was placed on our desks; but
it is not an answer to the questions put. It is a
denial of the jurisdiction and authority of the Sen-
ate of the United States to cause him to appear.
Now, si'*, this witness is here, after the Senate of
the United States have solemnly derided that they
have the right to call him here. He appears, be-
ing required to put in an answer under oath, and
to offer an excuse. He offers no excuse. He
simply denies the jurisdiction and the power of
the Senate of the united States to summon him
here; and he enters into an argument to show that
this body has usurped powers which do not belong
to it. Is it respectful to the Senate of the United
States? I submit to the Senator from Massachu-
setts that there is not one word in that whole an-
swer, as printed and laid upon our tables, which
acknowledges the jurisdiction of the Senate of the
United States. It is a total denial of the power to
summon him here, and a refusal to answer. If the
Senator from Massachusetts will say that, in any
part of that answer to the interrogatories pro-
pounded, it is stated that he is willing now to be
examined before this committee, I will be per-
fectly willing to hear what he lias to say in that
long written argument—not an answer, but an
argument.^ But there is nothing contained in it
which now shows that he is willing to answer the
interrogatories propounded to him under the order
of the Senate. It is a denial of your jurisdiction;
and I agree with the Senator from Virginia that
we ought not to hear it.
Mr. FITCH. The answer is what in advance
I supposed, as a member of the committee, it
would be—a long and what purported to be legal
argument, which is only adding to the contempt
heretofore evinced on the part of the witness for
the Senate. He was asked to state his reasons
for having before declined to appear before the
committee. Instead of contenting himself with
merely so doing, he appears to have entered into
a lengthy argument, in advance of his reasons,
and closes by a summary of his reasons, which
latter were all the Senate and all the committee
desired. That summary, brief in itself, is all
which properly ought to be read to the Senate. In
answer to the second interrogatory, he says that
he is now ready, and has been at all times, to vol-
untarily appear before the committee. I leave
that answer to be compared with facts known to
the committee; but that answer is all we really
now desire, and all, I presume, the Senate requires.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Delaware
made an appeal to me, and asked me if I could as-
sure the Senate as to the contents of that docu-
ment. Most assuredly I cannot. It is precisely
because I cannot, and because no Senator here
can, that I think it ought to be read at the desk;
and how the Senator from Delaware can under-
take to anticipate what is m that document, I do
not understand. It is there under oath, in re-
sponse to your order; and without knowing what
it contains, you propose to stop its reading—that
is all.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not presume to stul-
tify myself, and I presume no Senator means to
stultify himself; but, sir, from hearing the answer
of the witness read, it is apparent to every mem-
ber of the Senate that he has put in the printed
answer which was laid on our tables yesterday.
The Senator from Massachusetts cannot deny
that he believes the very answer in manuscript
offered at your table is the printed answer which
was laid on our tables yesterday. The similarity
of the language, everything, indicates it to be the
same. Now, sir, I say, m that printed paper
which was placed upon our tables, and which
reads, verbatim et literatim, precisely as this man-
uscript reads, there is no acknowledgment of the
jurisdiction of the Senate of the United States.
There is a total denial of the jurisdiction of this
body, and a refusal to answer and place himself
upon the justice of the country. It is an appeal
to the great jury of the country from your juris-
tion, which this Senate has solemnly affirmed. I
say, it is unbecoming of the Senate of the United
States to allow a witness, when he is called upon
to say what is his excuse, to question your juris-
diction, to deny your authority, to refuse to an-
swer, throw defiance in your teeth, and set the
Senate of the United States at defiance. That is
the reason that I interposed an objection.
Mr. HALE. I do not mean to take up the time
of the Senate unnecessarily. I suppose it is pretty
clear what will be done. But I wish to make a
suggestion as to a matter of fact. The honorable
Senator from Massachusetts says that there is
not, probably, a Senator on this floor that knows
what is in that answer.
Air. SUMNER. I do not.
Mr. HALE. The Senator from Delaware
thinks he docs. Now, sir, I am willing to say,
for I have no concealments about this matter, that
I do know what the answer is. A friend of the
—I do not know whether to call him prisoner or
witness, but a friend of that individual there,
[laughter]—called upon me this morning with his
answer, and did read it to me. It is not what the
Senator from Delaware thinks. It is not that
printed argument which was laid on our desks,
ft embodies that in it. I told the friend of the in-
dividual then, that I thought, inarguing his case,
his counsel had yielded altogether too much. The
argument yields that, in certain cases, the Senate
ma}T exercise this power. I think not, in any
case; but I want to go further, and say, as a gen-
eral fact—and then I will sit down anil leave it—
this body is generally composed of men who call
themselves lawyers, and are reputed lawyers, and
I have no doubt are very- good lawyers—having
all the virtues and a few of the vices incident to
that profession.
Well, now, sir, in practice in courts, and I have
attended some, it is generally the case, before a
prisoner is sentenced, that the court ask him if he
has anything to say why sentence of death should
not be pronounced upon him. I know that ques-
tion is not put.on the idea that he can say any-
thing which wijl prevent the sentence; for tne sen-
tence is generally written and in the judge's
pocket, or the clerk's hand, ready to be pro-
nounced, before the speech is made. But, sir, I
put it to you, that, in a court of justice—for a
great many Senators seem to thinkwe are a court,
and if we could get that out of our heads, we
should do a greatdeal better; we are no court,and
are no part of a court, and bear no semblance, to a
court—but, in #court, when you put a question
to a witness or a prisoner, it implies that wnile you
have the right to question, he has the right to.an-
swer, and, provided his answer is not disrespect-
ful and insulang, you are bound to hear it. I do
not mean to say that that is the law. I cannot
turn to any part of the Constitution and read there
that every person who is so brought up shall have
the privilege of answering; but the very fact that
you put the question presupposes that he has a
right to answer, if he answers respectfully. Now,
sir, if he answers as becomes an American citizen,
denying your right, I appeal to the candor of the
Senator from Delaware if that is disrespectful to
the Senate ? I should be very sorry myself to do
a thing, to say a word, or to omit to do a thing,
or to omit to say a word, from either of which
anything disrespectful to this body, on my part,
might be imputed to me.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator from
New Hampshire excuse me for a moment?
Mr. HALE. Certainly. *
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to propound a
question for his candid answer. Is there any thing
contained in the manuscript answer that is not
contained in the printed answer which was laid
on our tables yesterday ? I ask him whether he
knows that fact or not?
Mr. HALE. I should say, fram a moderate
calculation, there arc at least twenty pages, and I
should think; thirty pages; but we can have that
settled right off, arithmetically, if necessary.
Mr. SAULSBURY. If the Senator will excuse
me a moment, then I will say this: from the sim-
ilarity of the reading of this answer with that put t
on our tables yesterday, I supposed it was the
same. I now wish to propound a question to the
Senator from New Hampshire. Does the witness
acknowledge the jurisdiction of the Senate of the
United States ? "Does he agree to answer any
question? The Senator knows, I presume. If it
is an argument against our jurisdiction, my point
applies.
Mr. HALE. The Senator said he wanted to
ask one question. He has asked two, and I shall
answer both. He asks, does the individual admit
the jurisdiction of the Senate? He does not. I
should be very sorry if he did. I would not stand
up here to say a word in his behalf; you might do
as you pleased to him, if he did admit it. He de-
nies it entirely; but he denies it respectfully. That
is his conviction a^an American citizen. It is my
conviction. I have no doubt upon the subject; and
I have no doubt it will not be long before the Sen-
nator from Delaware, and every man who exam-
ines these questions of constitutional right and
power, will come to that opinion. Sir, it would
be libelous to express an opinion that the Senate,
if they had come to-an erroneous opinion, would
not reverse it; and I think it would be libelous
on the character of the Senate to undertake to say
that they would not listen to a respectful argu-
ment from a citizen of the country in their cus-,
tody, to show that it was under a misapprehen-
sion that*they had put him in custody. I think
that is consistent with the highest and profound-
est respect for the Senate.
Bat, sir, he adds, at the end of the paper which
he submitted, and which is something very dif-
ferent from the argument referred to, that, as a
matter of voluntary act on his part, he is willing,
to answer, and always has been; but he denies
your right to bring him here in the manner you
have done. „I deny it; but! should be as sorry as
any man could be to say anything disrespectful to
the Senate. 1 would rather leave my place here to-
day, and never look on this Chamber again, than
