2966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
osition -here to take only twenty-four copies of
the work for each Senator, and I asked what were
the facts in regard to it. His statement to me
was, " I have seen it; but I have spoken to no
one in regard to if, and I do not intend to do so."
"Well,"said I,"why not,if it is wrong?" Said
he, "I cannot carry it on if it is so reduced; and
if Congress choose to do so, I can simply cease
to continue a publication that would then cost me
more than-it would bring me back. The report-
ing and publishing the proceedings of the Senate
in the Daily Globe costs me as much as those of
the House; and as I sink largely by publishing
them in the Daily Globe, the Senate must take as
many copies in book form as the House, to make
up my loss and a fair profit on the work."
Now, the question that addresses itself to us
is, whether we shall make a reduction of this sort
without a report and without any investigation
that will give us even a verbal statementfrom any
Senator versed jn the matter. We ought to pro-
ceed on some data, before making such a reduc-
tion of a regular institution connected with each
Hall of Congress, and with the history of every
man that 1mh been here from the time it was in-
stituted, and to be conncctcd with that of every
man who comes hereafter. Before taking such a
step, we ought to refer the matter to a special
committee, and have a full report on all the facts.
I do not believe it is wise on the part of the Sen-
ate and House of Representatives to take this
step. I am satisfied the House of Representa-
tives has made this proposition on the simple con-
sideration that members of the Senate were re-
ceiving more copies than members of the House.
That {take to bo the whole secret of the reduc-
tion. If, instead of doing this, they had left the
aggregate number for both Houses remain the
same, and equalized the numbergiven to the mem-
bers, so as to preserve the benefit of this publica-
tion for the country, and afford it the same sup-
port, £ should be perfectly willing, to agree to it.
But it is a fact, which will not be disputed by any
Senator here who considers the subject, that the
House have made exactions frequently on the
Senate, arid the Senate has yielded, whether upon
questions of patronage or public printing, or the
reception of nooks; and still they cry out that
there is no equality between the members of our
House and the other, when, in fact, the advant-
age is in their favor. The Senate, has conceded
this constantly heretofore; but 1 do not think the
Senate ought to concede it now when it goes to
this extent that if is to break down the reports
that are furnished for this body and for the other
—the only really credible and established and un-
questionably true record of the declarations and
votes and action of the members of the two
branches of Congress.
I am not satisfied that legislation of that sort
shall take place without some kind of effort to ar-
rest it. If the Senator from Georgia, or any other
Senator, will propose that the matter be referred
toany committee, the present Committee on Print-
ing, or a select committee, I would be with him;
or, if he would piopose to stiike down the num-
ber distributed to each Senator, leaving the total
aggregate, but equalizing the distribution between
the members of the two Houses, I would support
that; but I do noL believe it is wise, ( do not. be-
lieve it is sensible, before you know the lesults
of your own action, to take this step that must
break down the record on which each member of
Congress, and the whole country, must depend
hereafter to ascertain what is the truth.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON, I move now to take up the
motion which I made to reconsider the vote upon
the amendment in regard to the geological survey
of Oregon. I find that it is a meritorious and just
claim.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania moves to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate, rejected the following amend-
ment, which was offered by the Senator from
Oregon:
For defraying the expenses of a geological icoonnois-
sance and exploration in Oregon and Wabhinsfton Teruto-
ries and the eountiy en route to the Pacific, neai the loitv-
seventh parallel of north latitude, over and above the
nppiopriations ot March 3,1653, and March 3, 1855, and for
the expenses uf the analysis of eighty-eight sOiU, co>il*, and
ores Irom different localities, arid in the*prepatation oi the
final report f«r publication, §10,559 20, as pei account'*
rendered.
Mr. CAMERON. I find, on examination,-1
was in error in voting against this amendment
yesterday. It is a very meritorious proposition.
The service has been performed for three or four
years, and the parties are here waiting to get
their compensation.
Mr. PEARCE. I should like to know how
much of this is intended to pay the parties making
this exploration orreconnoissance,and how much
for analyzing these soils, and by what authority
it was done. If it was done by authority, I sup-
pose it ought to be paid for at some time or other.
As for the publication of it, I think it is a thing
that will not spoil by keeping. Geology docs not
spojl directly. There is no necessity for publish-
ing it.now, that T can see.
MrSSkNE. This has nothing to do with pub-
lishing. These are accounts that have been ren-
dered, approved, adjusted, and are ready forpay-
ment, and the Secretary asks the money to pay
this debt. He sent us the estimate, and the Com-
mittee on Public Lands reported unanimously in
favor of it.
Mr. PEARCE. I want to know by what au-
thority this tiling was done; who ordered it; who
directed these eighty analyses to bo made? It
seems to me to go beyond any ordinary author-
ity of a Department*
Mr. LANE. I will say to the Senator, that
Congress passed a law authorizing a geological
survey of Oregon and Washington, and made an
appropriation for that purpose. Indeed, two acts
have been passed on the subject, one m 1853 and
one in 1855. Upon rendering accounts for ex-
penses incuired in the discharge of the duty of
the survey by Dr. Evans, there has been found
due him just the amount stated in the amendment
to a cent. The accounts have not only been ren-
dered, but they have been approved, adjusted,
and arc ready for payment; and this appropria-
tion is asked to pay the debt that is found due
this man.
The analysis was in accordance with the cus-
tom, as I believe, of geologists m preparing re-
ports of their labors and researches for publica-
tion. It is important to the people of Oregon and
Washington, and certainly interesting to the peo-
ple of all the States, that a correct analysis of the
soils should be made. The producing cnparity
of the country was not very well understood then,
and he thought it would be an advantage to Ore-
gon, and to those who wanted to go there, to
know something about the soils. That consti-
tutes a very small portion of the expense; and the
whole amount is embraced in the amendmentthat
is now pending; and I hope the Senate will adopt
it, and pay this man that which the Government
justly owes him, and that it acknowledges to be
due.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear the
recommendation of the Department read, if there
be such a paper.
Mr. HARLAN. I wish to state that the Com-
mute on Public Lands examined this subject very
carefully and thoroughly, and were unanimously
of the opinion that this account ought to be paid.
I have no doubt of it myself.
Mr. PEARCE. I ask if the rule does not ap-
ply to this, whether it is in order as being a private
claim ?
Mr. LANE. That question was settled yes-
terday.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi-.Fitzpat-
mciv.) The present occupant of the chair was
not in the chair yesterday, when the question was
raised, and is not aware what the decision was.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I aak the Senator from
Iowa whether there was any recommendation
from the Secretary of the Interior5
Mr. HARLAN. I think not; but on exam-
ination, the committee were satisfied that all the
work was done under the direction of the Depart-
ment by authority of law, and this is merely a
deficiency under the Jaw.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
say to the Senator from Maryland, that lie un-
derstands that this amendment was recognized as
legitimate when it was offered yesterday, and it is
not in order at this time, on a motion to recon-
sider, to make the question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should really like to
hear what the Department said about it.
Mr. LANE. 1 recollect very well what Mr.
Wilson says in his comtnunication.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where is the communi-
cation ?
Mr. LANE. It -was sent to the other House
with the bill. We have passed a separate bill
on this subject.
The motion to reconsider was aafreed to; and
the amendment was adopted,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
clause making an appropriation for the salaries of
the surveyor general of Wisconsin and Iowa, and
the clerks in his office, by adding to it:
And it is hereby made the duty*of the Secretary of the
Interior, as soon after the 30th of June, 1860, as may be, to
cause the said office to be abolished; and when so abol-
ished, the Ftud district shall be annexed to, and form a part
of, the district of the surveyor general of Minnesota.
My object is to abolish these surveyors general
as fast as they cease to be of any utility. In the
report of the "Commissioner of the General Land
Office I find this clause in reference to Iowa:
" The surveys of township lines in Iowa have all been
completed, and the subdivisional nearly so. Twenty-three
townships were seetiomzed during the past year, equal to
one million one hundred and seventy-eight thousand lineal
nulet>, and fifteen are undei contiaets for subdivision and
survey, returns of which are soon expected."
I understand, also, as a matter of fact, that there
are but a few townships left in Wisconsin, which
is included in the same district, and they are
nearer and more convenient to Minnesota than to
Iowa. There is no doubt that all this business is
done up, and the office is nearly useless. I be-
lieve it to be useless now, and it might as well be
abolished; buttheamendment puts it a year«ahead
to close up the matter, and have an end to this
annual appropriation of about ten thousand dol-
lars to the surveyor general, and his clerks, who
have nothing to do.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out " 18G0," inserting " 1861,"
and changing its subsequent phraseology so as to
read, "or as soon thereafter as, in the opinion of
the Secretary of the Interior, the public inter-
ests will admit." The surveyor general of Iowa
reports that probably during the following fis-
cal year the surveys in Iowa will be concluded.
The contracts have been given out; the surveyors
are now probably in the field, or will be soon, and
they expect to make their returns to the present
surveyor general's office in Dubuque. It would
be imposing an additional hardship on them to
compel them to go up into Minnesota, to St. Paul,
in order to make their returns and close up this
business. The office has been a long time estab-
lished at Dubuque, and 1 think the public inter-
ests do not require its removal at this time to St.
Paul.
I ought to state, also, that the district consists
of Iowa, Wisconsin, and the Territory of Min-
nesota, sometimes called Dakota; and although 1
the surveys will be concluded in about one year
in Iowa, according to the report of the surveyor
general, there is a considerable amount of work
yet to be done in Wisconsin, as will be seen by
a reference to the report of the Commissioner of
the General Land Office. I find, by reference to
his report, that he recommends the following ap-
propriations for the coming fiscal year: for Iowa,
$3,000; for Wisconsin, $16,000; for Minnesota,
§8,000; and foi incidental surveys in the district
of Iowa and Minnesota, $3,000; making in all,
$30,000; which, in the opinion of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, will be neces-
sary to be expended the following year in that
district. The amount of money to be expended at
the office as incidental expenses is not great com-
| pared with the amount of money to be expended,
if we comparc it with the amount expended in
districts of the other surveyors general. It will
be, according to the showing of the Senator from
Maine, $8,300 incidental to the expenditure of
$30,000. I find in the bill now pending before
the Senate that the incidental expenses for surveys
for Oregon are, for compensation to the surveyor
general and the clerks m his office, §7,500; for
rent of surveyor general's office, fuel,&e., $2,000;
making, in all, £>9,500; and we appropriate for
the prosecution of surveys m that district §15,000.
Thus you are now appropi idling $9,500 to enable
the-surveyor general and his clerks to carry on a
j disbursement of $15,000 in the district of Oregon.
In California, I find in this bill, for salary of the
surveyor general and clerks in his office. §15.500,
and for office rent and fuel, &c., $2,500; making
