58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
sively go into sueh a Territory with their slaves,
they do not hold them by virtue of any law there;
arid it is "no confiscation of property; they have
no property in slaves there.
Mr. YULEE. Suppose they make a law.
■Mr. TRUMBULL. Theycannst. That is the
very thing the Republican party say they can-
not do while in a territorial condition. They
have no right to do it. The creed of the Repub-
lican party, as I understand it, is that you cannot
extend slavery, under the Federal Government,
into the Territories of the United States. There
may be slavery in a country which does not be-
long to the United States; the United States may
acquire that country, and may not abolish slavery,
because the right to hold slaves existed when the
country was acquired; but it does not follow that
if the country was free when we acquired it, men
could afterwards have property in slaves in it;
and that is the distinction.
The Senator wants to know whether it is a part
of the Republican creed to keep out of the Union
a State tolerating slavery, which applies for ad-
mission. Read the creed: is there any such word
in it? Is there anything that looks like it? Why
not ask me if it is a part of the Republican creed
to keep out of the Union a State applying for ad-
mission into the Union the constitution of which
provides that her people shall elect her own Gov-
ernor ? We have never said so. What right have
you to assume any such thing ? It is no part of our
creed as laid down in our platform, to refuse a
State admission into this Union because she may
or may not have slavery. Look into it: see if you
can find any such thing. Why, then, propound
a question founded upon a hypothesis which has
no foundation in the creed of the party ?
If the Senator wants my individual opinion,he
can have that. I have no concealments. I stated
it here at the first session of Congress I served.
I stated that it was not, with me, a fundamental
principle that a State should not come into this
Union as a slave State. I would regret the appli-
cation of a State of that character; but I have
adopted it as no part of my political faith, that
under no possible circumstances shall a State be
admitted into this Union that tolerates slavery.
The Republican party is not to be charged with
having assumed the ground that a "State may not
be admitted into the Union that has slavery.
Many such cases have occurred in the history of
the Government. The old Republican party, from
which we learn our principles, did not keep slave
States out, although they provided against the
extension of slavery, and if we do that we will
never, I trust, bo troubled with the application
of a slave State for admission.
The Senator says that the Supreme Court lias
decided that slaves may be legally held m a Ter-
ritory. I deny it. The Supreme Court has de-
cided no such thing. The Supreme Court has no
power to lay down political doctrines in this coun-
try. It may decide a case that comes before it, and
by the decision of the Court in that ease, I am will-
ing to abide. The Court did decide that Dred Scott
had no right to bring a suit in the United States
courts, and that is all it decided. That decision is
final as to him in that particular case; but, when
the judges of the court traveled out of the record,
and undertook to 'ay down political principles for
this Government, they departed, in my judgment,
from the line of their duty, and the expression of
their opinions is entitled to no more credit with
me, upon political questions, than the expression
of the opinion of the same number of gentlemen
off the bench. Why, sir, there had been decis-
ions involving the question of the right to gov-
ern the Territories before the present chief jus-
tice presided. Look back, sir, [Mr. Mason in
the chair,] to the doctrine promulgated by your
own Marshall, the ablest lawyer that ever sat on
that bench, a southern man. In one of his opin-
ions, which is the opinion of the whole and not
of a divided court, he says, that in legislating for
thoTerritories, Congress possesses the combined
powers of the Federal and a State Government.
If so, and if a State government may prohibit
slavery, then Congress, possessing in a Territory
the powers of a State government and of the Fed-
eral Government combined, may do the same
thing; and where is your reverence for the doc-
trines of the Supreme Court, when you attack
that decision ? Sir, for sixty years that was the
doctrine of the country, acquiesced in by all par-
ties. Why did you assail it, and open up this
exciting question ? I deny that any such decision
has been made as that slavery exists in a Terri-
tory, or that the owner of a slave has a right to
take him to a Territory and hold him there as a
slave.
I believe, sir, that I have answered—I have
certainly endeavored to do so—the questions
which the Senator from Florida propounded to
me.
Mr. YULEE. Is the Senator proposing to
leave the subject?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I propose to
leave that point.
Mr. YULEE. I am very sorry to trouble the
Senator. Perhaps my perception is not rapid
enough to receive a reply which mayperhaps, to
other minds, be sufficient; but the Senator has
not yet responded to the principal questions which
I submitted. If he pleases to allow me to restate
them, I would ask him to give, very briefly, his
response. I will endeavor to make myself more
distinctly understood. I deduced from what
seemed to be the assertion of principle in this
platform, that two duties in practical legislation
would be incumbent on the party of the gentle-
man, and my object was to know from him how
it was, in his apprehension, upon those two points.
To one he has answered, that he believes, under
this platform, a Territory adopting a constitution
recognizing slavery and providing for its protec-
tion, should not be excluded from admission as a
State on that account. I understand that to be
the exposition of the Senator of this platform
upon that point, and that may go out to the
country.
But I propound to the gentleman another ques-
tion, which is amatcrial one respecting the opera-
tion of thatpartof tho platform which declares that
slavery cannot have a legal existence in a Terri-
tory by any authority whatever, (specifying all
tho sources of'authority from which that right
might be derived.) Suppose the inhabitants of a
Territory chose to recognize slavery and to legis-
late with reference to the protection of that prop-
erty, and without undertaking to discuss with
him whether the courts have already declared
that the right of property in a slave is not changed
by migration to a Territory, suppose a local law
of the Territory authorizes it, and suppose the
courts of the Territory and the courts of tho Uni-
ted States sustain the legality of it, will then the
party to which the gentleman belongs feel them-
selves bound to legislate for the destruction of the
asserted right of property in slaves within that
Territory? I am not speaking of territory in
which there was any previous existence of sla-
very, although logically that would not change
tho aspect of the question whenever the supreme
jurisdiction of the United States shall have su-
pervened there, for no law can remain in ex-
istence except as deriving its sanction from the
supreme authority. But throwing that out of
view, taking a Territory in which there has never
been any local law, but a Territory in which the
inhabitants choose to recognize slavery and to
legislate for it, and in which the courts sustain it,
would it be incumbent upon the gentleman's party
under this platform to legislate to exclude it?
That is what I want to know.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Mr. President, in my judg-
ment they should exclude it. If the Supreme
Court of the United States should make a decis-
ion so utterly variant from the repeated decisions
of the courts in the southern States and of the
former decisions of the Supreme Court itself, as
to say that one person had a right to hold another
as a slave in a Territory by virtue of any action
of the inhabitants of a Territory, I should legis-
late against that asserted right. I would acquiesce
in tho decision of the court as to the particular
case. If A sued for his freedom and the court
decided that h%was not entitled to it, I would not
revolutionize the Government upon that; but it
would be a decision in that case, and in that case
only, and I would contest it on the morrow in the
next. I would contest it day by day, until the
court was reformed and another Marshall put at
its head, who should administer the law as our
fathers made it.
Mr. YULEE. I do not ask the Senator's opin-
ion. I ask him to expound the platform.
Mr.TRUMBULL. I have expounded it. It
denies any such right. Your hypothetical case
will never arise. We deny that a court will ever
make such a decision; and if it should, we will
resort te the constitutional means, to the ballot-
box, to the people; we will appeal from the ex-
position of our political rights' by men dressed in
gowns to the great body of tho people, who make
judges and Presidents too.
Mr. YULEE. You would legislate to exclude
it ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. We would legislate to ex-
clude it; and the decision of a case would no more
establish slavery in a Territory, except as to the
individual case, than has your decision as to Dred
Scott, that he could not sue in the Federal courts,
established the fact that Congress could not legis-
late to keep slavery out of a Territory; a decision
which scarcely a justice of the peace in the State
of Illinois would have made. Why, sir, if an
individual had come before one of our justices
with a claim exceeding the jurisdiction of a jus-
tice of the peace, and the justice had examined it
and had seen that he had no jurisdiction,and then
had gone on and investigated the case, and said
how he would have decided it if he had had juris-
diction, I think tho whole community would
have laughed at his folly. That is exactly what
the Supreme Court of the United States has done
in the Dred Scott case. The idea that the Supreme
Court of the United States can establish political
principles in this country is a new article in tho
creed of the Democratic party. It was not the
former doctrine of tho present Chief Magistrate of
the country. It was not the doctrine of Thomas
Jefferson. He regarded the Supreme Court as a
set of sappers and miners, digging under the Con-
stitution, who might in process of time subvert
and destroy it.
Mr. YULEE. Now, then, I would turn the
Senator's attention <to another question. I asked
whether, under the first clause of this platform,
the Senator construed slavery to be legally exist-
ing, or otherwise, in tho District of Columbia, and
in the forts and arsenals, and other places in which
the exclusive jurisdiction of the United States
prevailed by the. Constitution. These are the
words 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will answer the question
without troubling the Senator to road the plat-
form. I conceive that in the District of Colum-
bia, the Constitution of the United States has not,
ex ri termini, by its terms abolished slavery, be-
cause it existed here, by virtue of local law, when
the United States obtained jurisdiction over the
District. *
Now, sir, I think I have answered these gentle-
men so that they cannot at any rate misapprehend
my views, and I have done it without conceal-
ment or holding back at all; and, as I said, if I
have been the means of disabusing the mind of a
single Senator, or of a single person in the South
who may ever take occasion to look over the in-
coherent remarks I have made, I shall rejoice at
it.
Having endeavored to show what the Republi-
can platform is, having given my understanding
of it, I wish to ask southern Senators why is there
such a persistence in choosing to misunderstand
us? I do not charge that upon any particular
Senator; but why is it that in the southern States
of this Union we are called Abolitionists? Would
Senators induce their mnstituents to think more
harshly of us than vlv ought to be thought of?
What is to be gamed by it ? Is the South to gam
anything by making its inhabitants believe, and
inducing, ifyou please, the slaves to believe that the
great Republican party is ready to put knives and
pistols into tho hands of the slaves to murder their
masters? What will you have accomplished
when you shall have inauccd such a belief among
the white people of the South, or among the slaves
of the South? Will you be more secure? Will
there be any less likelihood of an insurrection,
when you have circulated throughout the whole
slave population the idea that the great mass of
the people of the North are ready to arm them to
slaughter their masters? Why not, then, I ask,
treat us as brethren ? Treat us fairly, take our
platform as it is. When we say that all men are
created equal, we do not mean that every man in
organized society has the same rights. We do not
tolerate that in Illinois. I know that there is a
distinction between these two races because the
Almighty himself has marked it upon their very
faccs; and, in my judgment, man cannot, by legis-
