I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
seriously believe that commerce can be built up on
one side, while it is restrained upon the other. It
is a fallacy, an absurdity, which can have no prac-
tical existence. If the interest of the shipping
men be consulted, they will tell you that they want
the freest trade that can be got. The shipping
interest is conccrned as far as possible with the
consuming interests of the country. Itwants the
most unrestricted commerce. The legs restraint
you have upon it the better it will be for the ship-
ping interest, as well as the consumers. And this
bill would necessarily keep out the importations
of foreign countries to a large extent. It is based
upon that idea. The gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] in the first speech which he made
upon this subject, suggested the idea that the bill
is in restraint of trade. He stated the position m
that speech that the bill, which we are now asked
to pass into a law, will prevent a free introduction
of articles into the country; and, of course, that
would be a restraint on commerce.
Mr. SIMMH. I now offer as a substitute the
amendment which t read some time ago.
The question was taken; and the amendment
was rejected.
Mr. PHELPS. I propose to amend in line ;
five, by striking out the words " thirty-dollars per
ton," and inserting in lieu thereof the words
"twenty-four per cent, ad valorem,;" so that the i
clause will read:
On unmanufactured hemp,twenty-four percent, ail va-
lorem*
Mr. SIMMS, That is the present tariff.
Mr. PHELPS. Yes; and I prefer it to this,
Mr. Chairman. We have heard considerable of
protection: but-I have characterized this tariff
bill as a bill for the protection of the manufactur-
ing interests; and also, to a certain extent, of the
commercial interests, to the injury of the agricul-
tural interests. Here we have a proposition at
this time to reduce the rate of duty on that hemp
which comes in competition with the hemp pro-
duced iu the United States. I have no doubt that
under the provisions of this bill, if it should be-
come a law, your revenue must be, to a certain
extent, increased on this article. I am prepared
to show that on homp raised in Russia, which
comes, to a considerable extent, in competition
wnh our own, and whioh,m the opinion of some
hemp growers m this country, has been the means
of preventing the people of the United States from
engaging in the rotting of hemp by water, the
rate of duty proposed by this bill is less than the
duty presented in the tariff act of 1857, the amount
of unmanufactured hemp imported into the United
States from Russia, during the last four years, is
as follows:
Civt. Value.
1S53  1.033 $17,050
       o3.45 i S63.P0J
 4] 1888 308J01
I £59 20/169 1491331
The tariff of 1846 prescribed that unmanufac-
tured hemp, such as is indicated in the clause under
consideration, should pay a duty of thirty per
cent.; butthat Manilla hemp, jute, and Sisal grass
should pay twenty-five per cent, ad valorem* Under
the tariff act of 1857, the duty on unmanufactured
hemp was reduced from thirty per cent, ad valorem
to twenty-four percent.; and Manilla hemp from
twenty-five to nineteen percent, advalorem. Under
this reduccd rate of duty, we find that the amount
of hemp imported into the United States has in-
creased largely during the last two years. The
following arc the imports for the last four years:
Cvt. Value.
  6.348 $57,676
1P.77....T: 2-^.231 2201738
is;.8 4638-2 331^307
1S\>9 67,564 405,173 i
I have prepared a table showing the number of
tons of hemp imported from Russia, and the cus-
tom-house valuation on that hemp, which shows
that the custom-house valuation on that hemp is
$146 per ton, and the ad valorem assessed duty
upon u is twenty-four per cent. A duty of $30
per ton on hemp of the price of $146, is, when
converted into ad valorem duty, cijual to twenty
per cent. And that is the protection which the
farmers of Kentucky and Missouri, who are en-
g«u;rd ni taisfng hemp, are to receive from this
bill that i* so highly lauded. Instead of leaving
the rate of duty where it now is, you reduce it
some four per cent. If this tariff bill was framed
2023
for the purpose of increasing the revenue, and
solely for that purpose, then'it would commend
itself to me, and I would be able to sustain it.
But when I see a gradual increase in the value of
importations, since the reduction of the duty from
thirty to twenty-four per cent, ad valorem, and
when 1 find that the agricultural interests are
making no complaint„I prefer to let that rate re-
main instead of reducing ft. I am awfire that the
farmers ofKentucky and other States did complain
of the reduction of the rate of duty under the tariff
of 1857 on this article, which is extensively cul-
tivated in Kentucky and Missouri.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENS, of Pennsylvania. I am afraid,
Mr. Chairman, that the gentleman from Missouri
is going lather wild on these high duties. I do
not think the country will bear them. I think
wc shall be obliged to pass a bill with moderate
duties, in order that it may commend itself to the
whole country and the other branch of the Legis-
lature. I am afraid my friend from Missouri
would exaggerate those "duties so much that the
other branch of the Legislature, being Democratic,
would not pass the bill. I know he would. But
! I rose mainly to say, that I hope all the friends
of this bill will not think it necessary to say
another word upon it. [Cries of "That is right!-']
Hereafter, let those who oppose the bill discuss
it if they like, and let those who are in favor of it
say nothing, but vote.
The question was taken 011 Mr. Phelps's
amendment, and it was rejected.
Mr. MILLSON. I more to amend the six-
teenth section, by inserting " nineteen percent.
advalorem" in place of "twenty, twenty-five, and
thirty per cent.;" so that the section may rend:
That fiom and aftei the day and year aforesaid there shall
be lowed, collected,, and pud, on the importation of the
ai tides Uficnuifter mentioned, the following duties, that is
to say : on silk, raw, not more advanced in manufacfuie
than singles, tram, and thrown or organzme, ten per cen-
tum cd valorem; on all silks valued at not over one dollar
per squaic yard, nineteen per centum ad valorem; on all
^Iks valued at over one dollar per square yard, nineteen
per centum art valorem; on ail silk velvets, or velvets of
wnich silk is the component material of chief value, valued
at three dollais per bquaie jard, or under, nineteen per
centum ad valorem; valued at over three dollars per square
yaid, nineteen per centum ad valorem; on floss pilks,
twenty per centum ad lalorcm; on silk ribbons, galloon?,
biaids, fringe-*, laces, ta-ucN, buttons, trimming*, and on
silk twist, twist composed of mohair and *dk, scwins; *ilk
in the gum or purilied, and all other mamifactuies of silk,
or of which silk shall b« the component matcual of chief
value, not otherwise provided for, nmctern per centum ad
valorem.
I want merely to call attention to the fact of the
difference- between the bill proposed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means and the British rate of
taxes. In the first place, there is not a solitary
article of merchandise m this whole section theft
is not admitted free of duty in England.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. "Do you mean
under the treaty made the other day with France?
Mr. MILLSON. No, sir; but froe under the
existing tariff which was passed in 1857. All
these articles are admitted free. And what do we
propose to do r To raise the duty from nineteen
per cent, to thirty per cent, upon every one of
these articles except the raw silk. On that article
the duty is reduced from nineteen per cent, to
ten percent. In other words, gentlemen desiring
to take advantage of low rates of duty where they
are to be benefited, exempt such articles from
taxation, or reduce the rate of taxation from nine-
teen to ten per cent.; while on the manufactured
article they increase the rate from nineteen to i
thirty per cent.; so that if the same amount of i
importation takes place a Ave had last year, under i
the tariff of 1857, there will be an increase of \
§3,000,000 of revenue on silk manufactures alone. I
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to call the attention
of the gentleman from Virginia to the fact that
upon silks of the value of one dollar per yard, the
duty wc propose is only twenty per cent.
Mr. MILLSON. I am aware of that. But
that is a small item of importation, and the great
burden is thrown upon silks costing more than
one dollar per yard, on which the proposed rate
of taxation is thirty per cent.
Mr. STANTON. What raw material is re-
duced?
Mr. MILLSON. Raw silk.
Mr. STANTON. We do not produce any of
that in this country.
Mr. MILLSON. I know wo do not.
Mr. Millson's amendment was rejected.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to amend
the last portion of the amendment just read, by
striking out" twenty-five "and inserting " thirty-
three;" so that it will read:
,5'" a" oth?r sarthen, atone, or crockery-ware, printed,
white, glazed, edged, painted, dipped, or crefrni-coJoreti
composed of earthy or mineral substances, thirtv-three per
centum, ad valorem. ' *
This is, Mr. Chairman,probably the first time
that a member from the western or northwestern
States has ever proposed that a duty should be
levied for the purpose of protecting manufactures
in the West. In doing-this, I do not wish to dis-
guise the fact that I esteem the proposition that
I make a measure of protection, and I have been
no little surprised that almost every gentleman
who has argued the question of the tariff lias
claimed it as a revenue measure only; andyetthe
discussion has developed the fact that where it
affects the interest of any part of the country,
Maine or Kentucky, or Louisiana, every mem-
ber who has spoken has spoken for the protection
of the interest of his people. I propose this
amendment with a view to the protection of the
manufacturing aiticles mentioned in the latter
clause of this section.
Mr. Chairman, in the western portion of our
country there are but few manufactories, and yet
we have been paving duties and tributes to the
North, and to the East, and to the South, ever since
we settled on the plains of the West. In the State
of Illinois we have over three thousand miles of
railroad. Upoji every pound of iron that has
been laid upon our roads, we have paid tribute to
the iron interest. There is not a plow-share that
turns up the fertile soil of the great West upon
which we have not paid duty. There is not a
nail that is driven into our houses, or a knife or
fork upon our tables, upon which we have not
paid duty. And yet we do not complain. When
we look to the South, where there is opposition
to a tariff, let me say to gentlemen that there is
not a gallon of molasses or a pound of sugar that
we use but what we pay duty upon. When we
look to Virginia and Maryland, there is not a cigar
that we smoke or a pound of tobacco that is used
but what we pay duty upon. Why is it that
western men are willing to bear this ?
One reason why I am a tariff man is that it ad-
vances the interests of Pennsylvania, and Penn-
sylvania is apart ofourcommon country. When
we advance the interests of the sugar growers of
Louisiana, I reflect that Louisiana is one of the
sister States of the Union; and yhat is her pros-
perity is our prosperity. Well, sir, I go to Vir-
ginia, where the soil of her fields is growing thin
by the culture of tobacco; yet if she is protcctcd,
and it stimulates her industry, it stimulates the
great system, a part of which is Illinois.
But, sir, there are. other considerations that in-
duce me to adhere to the policy of the country
heretofore adopted, and to vote for this bill, and
to ask for the measure that I now propose. And
that is the equivalent we receive; and the return
that is made in a reciprocity of the exchange of
commodities ? Let me say to the southern planters
that the steamboats that bring up their millions of
sugar and lice and cotton to our markets, float
back freighted and loaded with our commodities
of equal value to a ready market in the planting
States; and each in return deceives the benefit of
trade and productions stimulated by the protec-
tion that is afforded by protective duties.
Again, sir, in regard to the iron producing re-
gion of the East, whence we receive our iron, let
me say to gentlemen that the long lines of cars
that are rolling and trundling over the rails upon
which we have pajd duties, are filled with the prod-
uce of the West.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARNETT obtained the floor.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I withdraw my
amendment, and desire to offer another.
Mr. GARNETT. I object to the withdrawal
of the amendment. 1 desire to oppose it.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Well, go ahead.
Mr. GARNETT. Mr. Chairman, I deny that
Virginia is benefited by any duty upon tobacco.
Whatever duty there may be upon tobaeco, raw
or manufactured, wc are ready to-day to give up.
Virginia can produce tobacco of the best quality,
