1859.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
In regard to that, the
lation or otherwise, produce a psrfect equality be-
tween these races, so tha£ they will live happily
together.
I have always been a Democrat; and yet, now
I am denounced as a Black Republican, as an
Abolitionist; for some of the southern Governors,
I believe, choose to call 11s all Abolitionists. I
have changed no sentiment on the subject of sla-
very since the time when I acted with the old
Democratic party. I am no more averse to it now
than I was then. 1 have lived amidst it, and
would be as far as any Senator from interfering
with this domestic relation where it exists in the
States.
I - inquired what gentlemen meant by talking
about an inequality of rights between the North
and the South; and about aggressions of the North
upon the South; and when they were made and
where thay were. In reply, the Senator from
South Carolina, instead of taking our platform as
the exponent of our principles, adverted to what
a single individual of the Republican party had
said. Now, sir, does it comport with the can-
dor and the fairness of that distinguished Sen-
ator, who is, I believe, ordinarily, a very candid
and fair gentleman, to attribute to a great party
in the country, which has declared its principles
in convention assembled, what any 0110 individ-
ual member of the party may say are his own
opinions ?
I called the attention of the Senator to the fact
that prominent individuals in the South had de-
clared, in advance, that the election of a President
by the Republican party would be a cause for a
dissolution of the Union.
Senator said:
" Mr. Chesnut. I will simply state, so far as it is within
my knowledge, what 1 believe to be the meaning of that
declaration. It is not charging the North with intcriority.
The declarations having been made by those who enter-
tain them, I picsume go upon the ground of a distinct, un-
mistakable, clear enunciation of piinciples— principles
which subvert the Constitution of the United States, the
rights and equality of the States, and which aie held up in
advance to us that < this will be our programme ; this will
be the course of action that wc will pursue, and we notify
you in advance.' Now, sir, what is that programme? What
liavt: ttiey announced to us as the ' irrcpiessible conflict?'
Does the Senator suppose that when the distinguished
leader of that party announced to the world that the wheat
fields and the rye fields of Massachusetts and New York
must ultimately be tilled by slave labor, that lie meant any
such thing; that lie supposed for a moment that that was
to be the lcsult of this'trrepicssible conflict?' No, sir;
but the other branch of the alternative—that the sugar plant-
ations of Louisiana and the cotton and rice plantations of
South Carolina shall be tilled by free labor, and by free
labor oniy. That is the deciaration of war.
" It is a declaration against the rights of the people se-
cured by the compact and the Constitution of the country,
and we are forewarned. Notwithstanding this may be a
constitutional election, that a majority, according to the
prescribed forms of tile Constitution, have a right to elect,
and the election is valid; yet, rather than submit to a fate
forewarned, they who think so give timely notice that they
do not intend to submit to it. It is a degradation bya proc-
lamation in advance,to be met bya counter-proclamation,
without touching the inferiority of the northern States at
all. Sir, it is not the men, it is not the party, it is not the
States ; but it is the principle that< wc subjugate you ; give
us the reins of power and we will place you at our fact;
we will take from you what you have, quietly if you will
yield, forcibly if you do not; and we will hold you under the
power of this Federal Government, subject to the domina-
tion of a party whose principles are in violation,' accord-
ing to our judgment, 'of every principle of the Constitu-
tion.' That, I presume, is the meaning of those who profess
that sentiment."
Sir, we have emblazon^! no such thing as the
object of the Republican party; we have declared
110 such principles; but, by inference, the Senator
from South Carolina would assume that we had.
Would he misleadhis people? Would lie deccive
himself?
Mr. CHESNUT. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mason.)
Does the Senator yield the floor?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. CHESNUT. The Senator has been pleased
to comment on a portion of the remarks which I
made yesterday as not presenting a candid view
of the subject, as if I did not speak in candor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not mean to impute
a want of candor, in any offensive sense, to the
Senator; but I think he has not fairly stated our
principles.
Mr. CHESiVUT. Mr. President, I do not pre-
tend to go into all the statements of principles or
opinions made by thousands of those who con- j
stitute the rank and file of the Republican party.
What I quoted was taken from the speech of one |
who has been considered generally on all hands t
as the flag-bearer, the leader, him who stood, with
one or two exceptions, a head and shoulders, like
a tower aloft, above the rank and file of the party.
Sir, such men appear often in all parties, men of
ideas, who lead. Such was the gentleman from
whose opinion I drew my quotation yesterday.
Now, sir, does the Senator repudiate the Senator
from New York as the leader of the Republican
party? Does he repudiate the sentiments of the
Senator from New York ? I imagine not, sir. I
doubt whether he will have the temerity to stand
here and deny that the Senator from New York
has a right to speak, and to be considered as
speaking the sentiments of that powerful party of
which he is the head. I did not go to the cate-
chism of the gentleman. I thought, and I think
now, that the Senator from Illinois has already
passed his examination on the catechism, and ac-
cording to my poor judgment, while he takes his
reasons from the shorter, he takeshis words from
the larger and longer catechism. We have had
enough of that examination, and I propose not to
go into it again; but I will say this: the Senator
asks what are the principles in contravention of
the Constitution, which they have avowed ? If I
heard him rightly, in answer to the questions
which were put to him, I think lie stated distinctly
that it was one of the articles of their creed that
the Congress of the United States had full and
sovereign power over the subject of slavery in the
Territories; that in virtue of that belief they in-
tended .to exercise the power of Congress to ex-
clude slavery, by legislation, from the Territories.
I think that was his answer; certainly it was the
substance of his reply. The inquiry was made
by a Senator behind me. If, then, you admit the
plenary power of Congreos to legislate on the sub-
ject, anil to exclude, how do you deny the right
and the power of Congress to establish? The
gentleman replied, " Why Congress cannotestab-
lish, or do anything, except so far as the Consti-
tution of the United States permits." Granted;
good doctrine; but how did he show, according
to his own doctrine, that the Constitution of the
United States permits them to prohibit? There is
the conflict in his argument. It destroys itself,
and proves, according to his own showing, that
that portion of his creed is certainly in contraven-
tion of the Constitution of the United States.
But, sir, I do not propose to go into any argu-
ment on the. question of the powers of Congress.
It is hardly pertinent to the subject-matter before
us. All these remarks have been elicited so as to
bring into the debate the whole powers of Con-
gress on the subject of slavery. 1 think that the
country is tired of that discussion; it is an ex-
hausted subject; and if I were now to undertake
to show, as I hope I should be able to show, that
the whole of the doctrine of the Senator from
Illinois has not the slightest shadow of a founda-
tion, I should feel as if I were engaged in the
absurd undertaking of beating a snake already
deacf. I shall not engage in that controversy. I
merely rose to state, m response to what the Sen-
ator asked of me, whether I would take the opin-
ion of a party from an individual, that ordinarily
I would not; but when I find the party acting
upon such principles generally; when I find him
who is acknowledged as the distinguished leader
of that party, and so admitted, I believe, every-
where, and I suppose among themselves, utter-
ing his well-considered and elaborate opinions;
opinions which have been promulgated, and which
have had their effect upon the country; opinions
which have never before been denied by the party;
which have never before been questioned, so far
as I am aware; which have never been responded
to by the gentlemen who belong to that party, as
not being the opinions of their party, I felt at
liberty, and I think I was authorized in feeling
myself at liberty, to hold them as the opinions,
the well-considered opinions, of the leader of this
great party in the North. That is the reason why
I chose, upon the discursive debate of yesterday,
having that speech before me, to predicate my
remarks of the purposes and principles of that
party upon the speech of that distinguished leader.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, 1 wish to
say that I acknowledge, and, so far as I know,
the Republican party acknowledges, no man as
its leader. However high my respect for the dis-
tinguished Senator from New York, not now with
us, I do not acknowledge him as the leader of the
Republican party; nor do I hold myself respons-
ible for the opinions he may express. We- ac-
knowledge no leaders. Whether the vie?ws enun-
ciated by the Senator from New York are correct
or not correct, is not the question; if they differ
from the creed of the Republican party as an-
nounced in its authoritative conventionthen they
are not the creed of the party.
Mr. CHESNUT. May I ask the Senator one
question? 1
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CHESNUT. Does he repudiate those
views of the Senator from New York? If so,
then I have done the Senator from Illinois-injus-
tice in supposing that he entertained them.' Does
he repudiate those views ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will answer. I repu-
diate the construction that you have put upon
those sentiments. And now, I wish to ask the
Senator from South Carolina, who read from that
speech, which I have here before me, if it com-
ported exactly with his sense of fair dealing and
propriety as a Senator of the tlnited States, speak-
ing in his place here for the information of the
Senate and the country, and his own constituents
in the South, who probably will never see the
speech of Senator Seward from which he quoted,
to attribute to him such sentiments as these:
"We (of the North) will subjugate you; give us
the reins of power, and we -will place you at Our
feet?"
Mr. CHESNUT. I quoted no such language
as having been used by the Senator from New
York. I quoted from the speech of the Senator
from New York, in which he expressly stated, as
the result of this "irrepressible conflict," that
the wheat'fields and rye fields of New York ftnd
Massachusetts would ultimately be tilled by slave
labor, or that the sugar plantations of Louisiana
and the rice fields and cotton fields of South Car-
olina must be tilled by free labor. That was the
language of the Senator from New York.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will ask the Senator,
then, if it comports with his sense of fair dealing
to a Senator from one of these United States,
whose speech will not probably circulate at all,
and never has circulated among his constituency,
to quote that portion of the specch and leave out
this:
" On the other hand, while I do confidently believe and
hope that my country will yet become a land of universal
freedom, I do not expect that it will be made so otheiwise
than through the action of tho several States cooperating
with the Federal Government, and all acting in strict con-
formity with tlieir respective constitutions."
Mr. CHESNUT. True, Mr. President, that
part of the speech is there; but it is also equally
true that the mode to be applied for the purpose
of producing the results which are there set forth,
is as unconstitutional and as improper, and is as
strong a warning to us of the purpose of that
party. By their agitation they seek to bring
about this thing, no matter through what organi-
zations. It is just as much beyond your duty,
it is just as much a violation of the rights of the
people of the South, that those in tho North, led
by this distinguished gentleman, agitate for the
purpose of destroying our property, and destroy-
ing our power in consequence of the destruction
of that which makes us a people of power. Sir,
I quoted from another speech, a portion which I
thought bore strongly upon the recent occur-
rences ; but from the speech from which the gen-
tleman now quotes, I made a quotation expressly
to show what was the purpose of the gentlemen
and what they had in view. I do not care by
what means they seek to bring it about. They
may take one means or another, but they have
the end in view; and it is that which we resist,
and which we will resist.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This is the speech where
the term "irrepressible conflict" occurs; and if
the Senator is satisfied to go before the country
in-the attitude of having quoted one portion of
tho speech, and given to it a meaning at variance
with another portion which he has left out,
wherein it is stated in express terms, by the Sen-
ator from New York, that he has no expectation
that this country will all become free cxcept
through the action of the States in a constitutional
way, it is his privilege to do so. I draw his at-
tention to it in fairness, and in candor, as I have
conducted this whole discussion on my part; and
it seemed to me that it was, at least, due to the
Senator who was not here, that his own expla-
nation of the language, which he had used should
