1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1079
fellow-citizens. We are a great body, to be sure,
sir; but we are not greater than the people that
made us; and the liberty of those that sent us here
is not to be trifled with, particularly from consid-
erations of our own personal dignity. At any
rate, we arc bound to give men all the time they
reasonably require to make their defense, before
we judge them.
Mr. MASON A I was not aware that the Sen-
ator from Illinois had proposed to refer this paper;
but I would submit to him, very respectfully, that
if the Senate were to refer it, the only effect would
be to have us go over again the same thing on the
report of the committee. If the committee should
report the answers sufficient, there would be a de-
bate on it; if they should report them insufficient,
there would be a debate on it; and the Senate must
know what the answers are, to determine. I sub-
mit to the honorable Senator, to save time, and to
attain the same end, that he withdraw his propo-
sition to refer, and let the paper be read. After
it is read, then the question will be, what shall be
done with it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not willing, sir, to
be placed in a false position, or that a false issue
shall be made here in regard to the motion which
I have made. This zeal which is manifested in
defense of the citizen and of liberty is all very
well, and I like to see it on a proper occasion.
But what is the motion? The motion is, to refer
a voluminous paper to the committee having
charge of the subject, that they may examine it,
and see what course to pursue in regard to the
matter for the future, or what the next step ought
to be; and this is magnified into a case of a man
not being defended. Is anybody proposing to
take from a citizen his liberty? He is in custody
now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not understand that
my friend desires any such thing. I only say
such is the effect. I hope he will not under-
stand me as imputing any wi§h of that kind to
him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "Well, Mr. President, I
take it that it is depriving him of his liberty no
more than lie has been deprived of it the last two
days. My friend from Maine admits that he voted
to nut this witness in custody and deprive him
of hisliberty. He has already done the very thing
of which he is complaining. It is not the inten-
tion of anybody to condemn a citizen without a
hearing. That is not the purpose.
Nor do I think that the remark I made in re-
gard to the proceedings of a court is obnoxious
to the objection which was made to it. I take it,
if a person was summoned before a court on an
attachment for a refusal to obey the process of a
court, the court would hear from the witness any
excuse he might have to offer for not having
obeyed the summons of the court; but I appre-
hend if, in making that excuse, he were to file
forty volumes of law books and. reports of cases
decided, as an answer, the court would not re-
ceive that as an excuse. I suppose that the ex-
cuse he is to make relates to matters of fact. If
we had no authority to issue this process, that is
one question 
Mr. FESSENDEN. May not his excuse con-
sist of matter of law, as well as matter of fact—
matter to the jurisdiction, as well as any other
matter ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose thdt his excuse
might consist of a matter of law. I suppose there
might be such a case, and he might object to the
jurisdiction to summon him as a witness. He
has a right to make that objection, doubtless; but
I do not think it is compulsory on the Senate to
listen to an argument from him on that subject.
We certainly should listen to an argument of the
honorable Senator from Maine in regard to it.
This is a matter to be settled by the Senate. He
may make his argument; but I think it is a very
unwise thing to allow persons to appear in legis-
lative bodies to make arguments in regard to their
cases, even upon questions about which there is
no dispute as to the jurisdiction. On the passage
of claims, or anything of the kind, we act on the
rights of parties, but we do not necessarily hear
them here in argument. We may or may not do
so. The business of legislative bodies will gen-
erally not admit of the delay which would follow
from such a course of proceeding.
But, sir, my object was simply, as I remarked
before, to got rid of this matter with the least cer-
emony and the least parade, and I think that will
be accomplished by referring the paper to the com-
mittee which has charge of the subject. Let them
take it and examine it. If the answers are such
as to require no furtheraction of the Senate, except
to discharge the witness, it will be very readily
disposed of. If the answers are euch as to re-
quire further action, the committee, after looking
into the paper, will be prepared to recommend
some course of action. That was my object in
making the motion. I still think it wotfld bethe
speediest way to get rid of the whole subject.
1 he chairma^i of the select committee, I observe,
objects to the reference, and prefers that we should
listen here in the Senate to the reading of this
document. If it be read, I apprehend it will be
very difficult for any Senator to understand §o long
a document from the mere reading of it, so as to
be prepared to act on ireit once.
Mr. MASON. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him? I have looked at tTie paper, and
at its commencement it proposes to be an answer
to the first question, and then it introduces an
argument of counsel, sew declared to be in the
answer. Now, I should propose to strike that
out without a reading. If he desires to have the
benefit of the argument of counsel, let him submit
it in the proper form before the Senate; but to
put the argument of counsel into his response to
a question which he has to answer—what were
his reasons for not appearing—would seem to me
not to be respectful to the body to which it is
addressed. So much as is in print is declared in
the paper to be the argument of counsel. I shall
propose, not to strike it out, but to omit it in the
reading, and to read that which is really an answer
to the question. If he wants to be heard by coun-
sel, let him submit it in writing or in print. I
hope, therefore, the Secretary will go on and read
the paper, omitting the printed argument.-
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will not insist on my
motion to refer it to the committee, against the
wishes of the chairman of the committee; but it
is manifest that when the Senator from Virginia
makes his motion to omit reading a part of it,
somebody will call for it, and we shall have the
same thing. I really think the motion I have
made would get rid of it in the speediest way,
and with the least ceremony. That is what I
desire
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Illinois withdraw Ins motion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will, if the Senator from
Virginia desires it. I will not press it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the question
is on the motion of the Senator from Virginia.
Mr. BENJAMIN. It really seems to me we
are giving this matter a great deal more consider-
ation than it deserves, or than is at all consistent
with the dignity of the Senate. An individual is
asked here to answer two questions. His answer
is too long to be read conveniently. Why not
pursue tire course suggested by the Senator from
Illinois—refer it to the committee to look at it,
commit him again, and let the committee tell us
on Monday what his answers are, because we
have not time to read them in open Senate' If
the witness undertook to quote twenty, thirty,
forty,fifty, sixty, one hundred decisions atlength,
should we be bound to read them ? If he chooses
to incorporate long printed arguments of counscl,
are we bound to hear them ? I hope to Heaven
there is no such constitutional obligation on me.
I do not want to read them. Wc have commit-
tees here to do that part of the duty of the Senate
which it is not convenient for us to do in mass.
We have a committee whoso business it is to
superintend this matter. This man comes here
with a volume as an answer to a question of fact.
We have not time to sift out his answer out of
his argument. Let the committee do it; and let
us know on Monday what his answer is.
If I understand, from^vhat gentlemen around
me say, the answer is simply this: "my excuse
for not answering is, that I do not think that you
have the power to make me answer; and based on
that is my second response, that I tlo not intend
to answer." ft may be that this is not really the
answer, but are we here to pick out the grain of
wheat from the mountain of chaff? Let us refer
the matter to the committee, and let the committee
tell us what his answers leally are. We cannot
go on here as in a court of justice, examining into
legal arguments, before we know what is really
before us. In a court of justice an argumentative
plea would not be allowed.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator from Louis-
iana allow me to ask him a question? Suppose
this committee should report that Mr. Hyatt had
been guilty of contempt, and that he ought to be
punished for that contempt: would the Senator
from Louisiana vote, or would he expect thatany
other Senator would vote, in favor of that report,
without a thorough investigation of the whole of
that answer ?
Mr. BENJAMIN. Not at all; and I am pro-
posing nothing that looks that way. I am pro-
posing simply this: that the committee shall read
the answer, and tell the Senate what it is, Instead
of having it read here at length.
Mr. GRIMES. Then the question will come
up again as it is now. Suppose it should turn
out, on an investigation of the answer, as has been
stated by the Senator from Virginia, that Mr.
Hyatt has declined to answer the questions that
may be propounded to him: the committee would
then probably report that he should be punished
for a contempt of tKe Senate; and we should have
to pass upon that report. Now, it cannot be ex-
pected of us that we will adopt the report of the
committee without a thorough sifting of all the
testimony that tends to convict him of the con-
tempt.
Mr. BENJAMIN. The Senator is running
ahead quite too fast. I do not propose anything
which could give rise to any such report as he
suggests. I do not propose to refer it to the com-
mittee, for them to report to us whether this per-
son is to be punished or not. I propose that
somebody, whose business it is to attend to this
matter, read the answers, and report to the Sen-
ate what the answers are. When that is done,
then we shall determine what further steps we
shall take. I do not wish the entire Senate to be
at the mercy of any individual who is brought up
here on a question of contempt, on the demand
of anybody, to have volume after volume read,
if the person brought to the bar chooses to ask
us to read it. When we know what the answers
arc—that is to say, when our committee shall tell
us that the excuse offered is that there is no juris-
diction; and that, to the second question, the wit-
ness says he will not answer any further ques-
tions—when that is brought before us, and we
know that those are the answers, then the com-
mittee may make some proposition on the sub-
ject. If the committee think we have jurisdiction,
"the question will arise, whether we will allow that
point to be argued. The witness, in his answer,
now undertakes to argue that point. We may de-
termine that we have already decided it, and will
hear no argument on it, or we may determine
that we will hear his argument. We may determ-
ine that we will hear it argued by himself, or
counsel, as we please; but we cannot be compelled
to sit here and listen to anything that a witness
chooses to say, when a question is asked him.
We want an answer to the question, not an ar-
gument; and if he chooses to make an argument
when we ask him a question, I do not want to
be compelled to listen to it. We asked that it be
put in writing for that very purpose, that our time
be not taken up with an argument for an answer.
Let the paper go to the committee, and then they
will report, and see what the answers are. I re-
|| new the motion to refer it to a committee.
I; Mr. FESSENDEN. I am really so obtuse that
jj I cannot understand the honorable Senator's ar-
il gument. If there is anything in it, I cannot see
j: it. The Senator from "Louisiana objects to an
i argument by way of reason. He wants, it seems,
a categorical answer. Well now, sir, is that the
way we treat a man when he is brought to the bar
under such circumstances? I say he has a right
to make an argument, and you have no right to
close your ears to it. His excuse is argument, or
! his argument is excuse, just which ever way you
please to put it. If you ask a man to give you
an excuse for doing or not doing a thing 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from Maine pause for a moment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will with pleasure, for
I cannot hear my own voice.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There is so much
confusion on the right and left that the voice of.
the Senator on the floor is inaudible.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You ask a man to give
an cxcusc, and y*ou undertake to say that that
