60
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
go along with what had been quoted; particularly
.as the Senator from South Carolina drew infer-
cneop which led him to use language wherein he
spoke of subjugating the South and placing tliem
under the feet of the North, as if that were a le-
gitimate deduction from the remarks which he
quoted, though the Senator who made these re-
marks had himself taken occasion, in the same
speech, to guard against such an interpretation.
Mr. CHESN.UX. One word, by the permis-
sion of tl>o Senator. I think if the Senator will
read that speech again, he will discover that, no
matter what means may have been mentioned
specifically, the speaker indicated to his audience,
to the people of the North, that it is in their
power; that this conflict is to be carried on; that
through them and by their power they can pro-
duce this result. He rallies the freemen of the
North for such a conflict. How is that to be
reconciled with the mode of action through the
States, unless he shall attempt to act upon the
States through the Federal Government? "In a
constitutional way!" What do you mean by
"a constitutional way?"-~a constitutional way
as interpreted by the Senator from Illinois, or as
may be interpreted by the Senator from New
York? We know the latitudinous views of con-
stitutional power which ho has expressed to-day
—views broad enough to cover every purpose
which the human mind can conceive. Why,
sir, I consider the guard of that expression is
nothing. It is the purpose, the avowed purpose,
to wage this conflict without intermission; the
conflict is to be pressed to the results which he
has foreshadowed. The means by which it is
done is a matter of small moment when you
come to consider what views of constitutional
power are entertained by a certain class of pol-
iticians. I consider that as no guard. I consider
that I have done no injustice. I am willing to
go before the country and before the world upon
the question of fairness and justice to the views
of the Senator from New York. Sir, his speech
has been as much circulated in the southern
country and among my constituents as any
speech that I shall ever make—as much as any
speech that has over been made. It has spoken
for itself there, and it has spoken in trumpet-
tones to warn the people. They know the speech
as well as I do, and as well as the Senator from
Illinois. We know what estimate to place upon
it, and upon all the guarded expressions which
are contained in it. It is the purpose, clearly,
through every line; a purpose marked by every
step of that party; a purpose which will be pur-
sued to the end, until triumph or utter defeat
shall meet that party at the hands of the Ameri-
can people.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sorry that the Sen-
ator from South Carolina, who usually speaks
with so much candor, should not be willing that
the qualifying remarks made by the Senator from
New York should go out with those which he
thought proper to quote, and especially when he
put an interpretation upon them different from
that of their author. But, sir, if he is satisfied
that it shall go before the country as he has stated
it, that is a matter of taste and propriety with
him. He says this spcech of Governor Seward
has been circulated in the South. I should like
to know whether the whole speech or whether
portions of it only have been circulated to excite
an unkind feeling in the minds of the people of
the South towards those of the North.
Mr. CLAY. If the Senator will excuse me, as
I observe that the Senator from South Carolina
is not now in his seat, I will state that the whole
speech was published m the Charleston Mercury,
word for word, as it appeared in New York.
Mr. CHESNUT. And I will state further that
it lias had more effect than all the speeches which
have ever been made by the advocates of south-
ern rights to bring the southern mind to the con-
dition ill which we find it. It is thoroughly un-
derstood.
Mr. BRAGG. If the Senator from Illinois will
allow me to make a remark 011 that point, I will
say that that speech, I believe, was published in
every Democratic paper in North Carolina.' It
was published with a view of letting our people
see what it contained.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am very glad, indeed,
if the speech has had a general circulation in the
South; but I am very sorry to learn that it has
had any such effect as stated by the Senator from
South Carolina. I think it has been by misun-
derstanding the tenor and purport of the speech
that such consequences have resulted from it; and
that the southern mind has sought to dwell Upon
the ob jectionable portions of it, if such there be,
more than upon any other.
One word in reply to the Senator from South
Carolina, as to the constitutional question. He
says, if Congress has sovereign power, and can
exclude slavery from a Territory, why may it
not establish slavery? I tried to answer that
question some time ago. I shall not repeat the
argument; but let me put a question m turn. The
Congress of the United States, J suppose, can
prohibit murder; can it legalize murder? I sup-
pose by a law of Congress we can and we do
prevent murder in the Indian country; we may
do so in a Territory. Can anybody pretend that,
under the Constitution of the United States, Con-
gress could sanction murder? Let me not be mis-
understood, or my remark misapplied, by saying
that I compare slavery to murder. I have already
said that slavery may not be a crime at all. I put
this as an illustration, that it does not necessarily
follow that Congress can establish a thing because
it can prohibit it. But I will not dwell on that.
Sir, the sentiments of the Senator from New
York, wliichhave been soniuch commented upon,
are not new to this country. He is not the author
of the declaration of this principle, that there is a
conflict between right and wrong, between good
and evil; nor is he the first person who has looked
forward to the time when all the States should be
free. Let me read to the Senate what the Father
of his Country said upon this very subject. Gen-
eral Washington, in a letter written to General
Lafayette, in 1798, said:
" 1 agree with you cordially in your views in regard to
negro plav^pry. I have long considered it a most serious
cvtl,both socially and politically, and [should rojoiec in
any feasible scheme to lid our States of such a burden.
" The Congress of 3787 adopted an ordinance wlncl) pro-
hibits the t'xisteneu of involuntary servitude in our north-
western territory forever. I consider it a wise measure.
It met with the approval and assent of nearly every mem-
ber of the States more immediately interested in slave
labor. The prevailing opinion in \ irgima is against the
spread of slavery into the new Territories, and 1 trust we
shall have a Confederacy offrce States."
What more than that is the declaration of the
Senator from New York ? Were these doctrines
considered heretical in 1798? Did General Wash-
ington promulgate a principle which was to de-
grade the South, reduce it to subjection, trample
its rights underfoot? This principle then met the
approbation of tho pooplc of the South; the pre-
vailing sentiment of "Virginia was against the
spread of slavery into new Territories, and such
is the prevailing sentiment of the people of Illi-
nois. Hear further, sir, what the founder of the
old Republican party said upon this subject:
'•With the morals of the people, their industry al<=o is
destroyed ; lor, in a warm climate, no man will labor (or
himself who can make another labor for him. This is so
tine that, of the proprietors of slaves, a very small propor-
tion, indeed, arc ever seen to labor. And can the libciucs
of a nation be thought securc when we have removed their
only firm basis—a convictton hi the minds of the people
that these hbeities art1 the gift of God—that thevare not to
be violated but with his wrath? Indeed, I tremble for my
country when I rcfiect that God is just; that his justicc
cannot «leop forever; that, considering numbers, nature,
and natural means only, a revolution of the wheel of for-
tune, an exchange of situation, is among possible events ;
that it may become probable by hupernatural influence!
The Almighty has no attribute which can take side with
us in such a content."
That was the language of Thomas Jefferson,
the great apostle of human liberty in this coun-
try. Again, Thomas Jefferson, in 1821, referring
to a number of bills which had been introduced
into the Legislature of Virginia, with regard to
the emancipation of slaves, used this language:
u The bill on the subject of slaves was a more digest of i
the existing laws respecting them, without any intimation j
of a plan for a future and general emancipation. It was i
thought better that this should be keptback, and attempted !
only by way of amendment whenever the bill should be '
j brought on. The principles of the amendment, however,
: were agreed on; that is to say, the freedom of all born
i alter a certain day, and deportation at a proper age. But it
J was found that the public mind would not yet bear the
j proposition, nor will it bear it even at this day. Yet the
day is not distant when it must bear and adopt it, or worse
will follow. Nothing is more eertainl) written in the book
of fate than that these people are to be free."
Where was the Senator from South Carolina
in 1891, when Thomas Jefferson proclaimed that
nothing was more certainly written in the book
| of fate than that these people were to be free ?
Let me read further:
"Nor is it less certain that the two races, equally free,
cannot live in th^same Government. Nature, habit, opin-
ion, have drawn indelible lines of distinction between
them. It is still in our power to direct the process of eman-
cipation and deportation, peaceably, and in such slow de-
gree, an that the evil will wear off insensibly, and their
place be, j}ari passu, filled up by free white laborers. If, on
the contrary, it is left to force itself on, human nature must
shudder at the prospect held up. We should in vain Jook
for an example in the Spanish deportation cr deletion of the
Moors. This precedent would fall far short of our case.
" 1 consider four of these bills, passed or reported, as
forming a system by which every fiber would be eradicated
of nnfient or future aristocracy, and a foundation laid for a
government truly republican."
Where, then, was the feeling which is now
exhibited, that the South ought to dissolve the
Union on account-of the utterance of such senti-
ments, and especially when the Senator from New1
York has taken the pains to guard against the in-
ference that he was for using any other than con-
stitutional and legal means in cooperation with
the States in getting rid eventually, in the far dis-
tant future, of this thing of slavery? It will be
seen that the idea is not new nor peculiar to the
Senator from New York. It han its origin in
Virginia years ago, and I trust that an idea fore-
shadowed by Mr. Jefferson, will hereafter become,
although it is not now, part of the creed of the
Republican party—I mean the idea of the deport-
ation of the free negro population from this coun-
try. I trust the Republican party will make it part
of its creed, that this Government should procure
some region of country, not far distant, to which
our free negro population may be taken. I fear
the consequences which Jefferson so eloquently
prophesied unless that is done. The negro pop-
ulation is increasing at a rapid rate. I agree with
the sentiment of Mr. Jefferson, that two races
which arc marked by distinctive features cannot
live peaceably together without one domineering
over the other, especially when they differ m color.
The free negro population of this country is a
great evil now. I believe it to be the interest of
the black population that they should £o to some
country where they may develop their powers,
and where there shall bo no superior race to dom-
ineer over them, and that it is the duty of this
Government to use its means for the purpose of
freeing our country of that portion of this popu-
lation that is willing to go. I think, in that way,
i this thing of slavery may eventually be got rid
! of. Thousands of masters would be willing to
free their slaves if there was any provision for
them when frred; but in most of the States whero
slavery exists, laws have been passed prohibiting
emancipation except on condition that the cman-
! cipatcd slaves shall leave the jurisdiction of the
State. Where are they to go? The North does
not want a free negro population; the South will
not have them. The consequence is that eman-
cipation has nearly ceased. If, however, a coun-
try contiguous were provided where the free negro
population of the United States who were willing
might go—and I think they would soon all be will-
ing to leave if they could go under the fostering
care of this Government until they became suf-
ficiently numerous to protect themselves and es-
tablish a government of their own—we might
establish a system which, in process of time, not
in your day, sir, nor in mine, nor perhaps in the
day of the coming generation, but in future time
would relieve us of the black population and pre-
vent consequences which we shudder to contem-
pkite. I cannot so well express my views on this
point as by quoting from a speech made by the
distinguished Senator from Kentucky, now no
more, before the American Colonization Society.
He said:
" We are reproached with doing mischief by the agitation
of this question. The society goes into no household to
distuib its domestic tianquillity; it addresses itself to no
slaves, f> weaken their obligations of obcdience. Jt seeks
to afTi-rt no man's property. It neither ha« the power nor
the will to affect the property of any on«, contiary to his
consent. The execution of its scheme would augment,
instead of diminishing, the value of the property left behind.
The society, composed of fiecmcn. concerns itself only
with the free. Collateral consequences we arc not respons-
ible for. It is not this societv which has produced the
great moral revolution which tho age exhibits. What would
they, who thus reproach us, have done?"
Now, see how his language fits the declarations '
of the Senator from South Carolina, who finds
such fault with the idea of ultimate emancipation.
"If they would repress all tendencies towards liberty
and ultimate emancipation, they must do more than put
