1080
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
shall not be argumentative. In its very nature it
is argumentative. The question put to him is:
" What excuse have you?" Now, according to
the ideas of Senators, all he can say is: "I think
you have no jurisdiction;" but he is not at liberty
to go on ana tell you why. Is he to take for
granted that you know everything that he has to
say; that he cannot imagine anything that you
are not in possession of already? Sir, I have as
high an opinion of the intelligence of this body
as any one, and yet, upon my soul, I think it is
not quite infallible. Sometimes we make mis-
takes, and sometimes we find that other men know
more than we do, on some subjects at any rate;
and yet the idea that is presented is simply this:
when this man comes to answer that question we
ask him, to give his excuse, all he is to say is:
" I deny your authority." He may say that if
he pleases; and then it is to be referred to a com-
mittee to find out whether they are of the same
opinion, and then they are to come to us ! That
is a curious mode of proceeding. I take it, it
makes no difference to the gentleman who is ar-
rested here—for I understand.he is a gentleman,
and I shall treat him as such, although he is
brought to our bar. I understand that he en-
tertains the opinion—and counsel, eminent and
learned, whom I know personally, and for whom
I have the greatest respect, for their opinions as
lawyers as well as for their characters, say that,
in their judgment, he is right, and they believe he
is right. I know such to be their private opinion
on the subject, apartfrom their position as counsel.
Are we not to hear what they have to say ?
Are we to refer this matter to a committee ? Sir,
we cannot get rid of the responsibility. We are
the judges ourselves; he is brought to our bar;
it is before us that ho appears; and now, as a
mere matter of time, if he is willing to remain in
custody, it makes no difference to me? whether we
hear him to-day, or on Monday, or Tuesday.
We ought to hear him as speedily as possible; as
speedily as he desires to bp heard. If hepilcsup
folios of writing, and shows that he designs to
manifest any contempt for us, that is one thing;
but if he presents a written argumept—much
shorter, I will venture to say, than hundreds that
have been made by the honorable Senator from
Louisiana, and tens that have been made by my-
self and by my honorable friend from Illinois—I
do not see that he is guilty of any great disre-
spect, when this matter involves his own personal
liberty and a question of his own punishment.
I see no propriety in sending this to a commit-
tee at all. If it were assented to all around, there
might be a propriety in printing the document, so
that we might consider it, and have it before us;
and then, I presume, there would be no applica-
tion to have it read here in public, if there was a
desire to save time; but when we undertake to
bring a man before us for an offense against us,
and to try him, with reference to punishing him,
I apprehend it does not lie in our mouths to say
that we have not time to hear what he has to say
oil the subject, although it does interrupt the
course of our ordinary proceeding.
Mr. FOSTER. I always feel discouraged, Mr.
President, when an attempt is made in this body
to show how we may economize time. It always
takes longer to demonstrate the manner than it
does to go through with the thing that is objected
to, on account of its taking up time. My only
object in rising was to ask if it be not the right"
and privilege of every member of this body, when
a paper is introduced here, and he is asked to vote
upon it, to hear it read before he can be called upon
to vote? I would ask respectfully of the Chair if
it is not a rule of the body, or a parliamentary
rule, that before we can be called upon to vote on
a paper here, we are entitled to hear it read ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Every resolution
upon which the Senate must act must be read, if
required, and every question must be read or
stated upon which a Senator is compelled to rote.
Mr. FOSTER. The motion now is to refer
this paper to a committee. In order to know how
to vote, in order to vote understandingly, I must
know what the paper is, and I ask that the paper
be read; and I ask it, believing I have a right to
hear it read before I can be called upon to vote,
either upon its sufficiency or insufficiency, or to
vote upon its reference.
Mr. SAULSBURY. The Senator from Con-
necticut and the Senator from Maine are lawyers,
eminent in their profession. Now, let us look at
this question in the light of the facts. Mr. Hyatt
was summoned to appear before a committee ap-
pointed by the Senate of the United States to in-
vestigate certain matters. What was his duty as
a good citizen ? Prima facie his duty was to appear
and answer the questions. He did not appear.
His non-appearance was reported to the Senate
of the United States. A resolution was introduced
to compel his appearance by the highest power
known to this body. Upon that question a test
vote was taken. The Senate of the United States
decided, not unanimously, but by a very large
majority, that they had jurisdiction;had the right
to summon this witness; had the right to compel
his appearance. They sent their Sergeant-at-
Arms, commanding him to bring this mail before
the body. He is brought here. He is asked, in
the very language which is put to a witness under
such circumstances in a court of justice, what
excuse he has* for not appearing. How does he
Eropose to answer that question ? I submit now,
oth to the Senator from Connecticut and to the
Senator from Maine, as lawyers, if they, sitting
as judges in a court, hSTd issued a summons re-
quiring the attendance of a witness, and he failed
to appear, and then, as judges, they had ordered
an attachment against that witness, and he was
brought before them under it, would they listen
to an argument showing that they were usurp-
ers of power, showing that they were exercising
power which they haa no right to exercise, deal-
ing in language disrespectful to them as a court?
Would they hear such a witness?
Mr. FOSTER. Does the Senator wish an an-
swer to the question ? So far as I am concerned,
if the Senator will allow me, I will answer very
briefly the question that he put.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly. '
Mr. FOSTER. I would say that if I were sit-
ting as a court under such circumstances, and the
witness was bronght in on an attachment, and if
I asked him what excuse he had for not appear-
ing and answering as a witness on the summons,
I would hear his answer. If he proposed to an-
swer under oath, and that answer contained an
argument, I would hear that just as readily as
anything else; and I should suppose 1 was not
doing my duty as a judge if I did not.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then, Mr. President, all
I have to say is, that the Senator from Connec-
ticut would make a most amiable judge. I have
been practicing law for some fifteen years, and I
have never seen a witness appearing in a court-
house when the question was asked, "what ex-
cuse have you for not appearing in obedience to
the summons?" being indulged in reading a long
argument which would take an hour, to show that
the tribunal before which he appeared were usurp-
ers of authority which they did not legally and
rightfully possess. I say that the very denial of
authority is contumacious. The Senate of the
United States have asserted their authority. If
he was an honest witness, if he had nothing in
him that he did not wish to disclose, if he had no
desire to be made a martyr of, he would have ap-
peared before the committee and answered.
Now, sir, I am not going in this case to assert
the dignity of the Senate; because I do not sup-
pose the dignity of the Senate is injured at all by
the contumaciousness of Mr. Hyatt; but I mean
to say that a court of justice, that the Senate of
the United States, that every tribunal owes some-
thing to its own character. This man has been
summoned to appear. Instead of answering sim-
ply, "I deny your jurisdiction; I say that you
had no authority to issue a summons for me; I
say you had no authority to issue an attachment,"
what does he propose to do ? He does not con-
tent himself simply with a denial of our jurisdic-
tion; but he presents a long written argument, to
show that the Senate of the United States are a
set of usurpers of authority not delegated to them;
that they are exercising11' a power dangerous to
civil liberty and to the personal liberty of the
citizen. Mr. Thaddeus Hyatt, a contumacious
witness, is to read alecture to the Senate of the Uni-
ted States! Now, sir, I am not going to say how
very injuriously Mr. Thaddeus Hyatt's opinion
may affect the Senate of the United States, but to
say that it is a duty which we owe to ourselves, it
is a duty which every tribunal owes to itself, not
to be insulted, not to allow insulting answers to
b# made to questions propounded by them when I
they are in the legal exercise of their rights,
whether as a legal tribunal or. as a legislative
body.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
from New Hampshire pause for a moment, until
the Chair states the condition of the question
before the Senate ? The Senator from Louisiana
moves to refer this paper to the select committee;
the Senator from Connecticut demands that the
paper be read, upon the ground that the paper
must be read before he can be compelled to vote
on the question of reference. The Chair stated
to the Senator from Connecticut and to the Sen-
ate, that a bill which has to be voted upon, a res-
olution which has to be voted upon, must be read.
That is the general parliamentary law; but he
does not suppose it to apply to every class of
papers. For example: if a motion were made to
refer the report from the coast survey, or the Pat-
ent Office report, to a committee, and the reading
should be called for, under the 14th rule of the
Senate, " if the &ame shall be objected to by any
member, it shall be determined by a vote of the
Senate, and without debate." The Chair con-
siders this paper one of that class, under the gen-
eral head. He does not think it the right of a
Senator to call for the reading of a lengthy paper
on a motion to refer, if the desire of the Senate be
that it shall not be read. The Chair, however,
will direct the paper to be read, as called for by
the Senator from Connecticut, unless objection be
made.
Mr. DAYIS. I rose for the purpose of making
that objection, in order that we might dispose of
a subject which seems to be endless.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In which event the
Chair will put the question to the Senate without
debate. The motion is, to refer the paper to the
select committee. The Senator from Connecticut
demands that it be read. Objection being made,
the question is, Shall the paper be read ? Is the
Senate ready for file question ?
Mr. FOSTER. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HALE. Is itruled that that question must
be decided without debate ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will refer
the Senator to the 14th rule of the Senate.
Mr. HALE. I was going to suggest, may it
please your Honor 
Mr. BINGHAM. You think it is a court, too.
Mr. HALE. I have got the same heresy, too.
[Laughter.] I began to think I was in court. I
want to suggest a single difficulty, and not to make
an argument. It seems to me that it would be
improper to decide the-right of the person to be
heard upon a collateral question whether a paper
shall be read. I have nothing to say.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The yeas and nays
have been ordered upon the objection of a Sena-
tor to the further' reading of the paper; and the
Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. HAMLIN. How is the question put?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is to
refer this paper to the select committee. The
Senator from Connecticut calls for the reading of
it. Objection is made by a Senator. The Chair
puts the question to the Senate, Shall the paper
be read ? Upon this, the yeas and nays have
been ordered; and the Secretary will call the roll.
Mr. MASON. I would say, in a single word,
that I am perfectly satisfied that the refusal to
read the paper will rather prolong the matter. If
it is referred to the committee, when it comes
back again gentlemen will say, "Let us have the
paper read, or wait until we can have it printed."
Mr. WIGFALL. I do not intend to join in
this debate; I want really to end this matter 
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish to interrupt
the gentleman; but I believe the question is not
open to debate.
Mr. WIGFALL. I do not intend to debate it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not debatable
unless by unanimous consent.
Mr. WIGFALL. I do not intend to debate
it; but to state merely a single proposition. It
appears to mc the question as presented to the
Senate is one easy of solution 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
interrupt the Senator from Texas, if objection be
made, as, under the rule of the Senate, the ques-
tion is to be determined without debate.
