mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
your collection districts either by the amount of
money you collect, or by the protection against
fraud.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Maine
will allow me .to interrupt him for a moment, I
desire to state that if he will look at this report,
he will find that at Hickman, in Kentucky—I
believe that is not on the borders—there has not
been a dollar collected for three years, and sala-
ries have been paid all the time.
Mr. HAMLIN. I am not specifying, but I
stating general principles; and I say that when
men pick out isolated cases, and undertake to lay
down a rule of action from Isolated cases, they
travel in a very little circle. That is myjudgment.
Now, sir, I want to say a word in relation to a
reformation in this system of revenue. I labored
earnestly in connection with the Committee on
Commerce at the last Congress for the purpose of
producing good results; and I sought to test my
sincerity by the rule which I applied to my own
State. I took up the collection districts there;
and in the bill which I agreed to report, and which
I supported, one half of them were abolished. I
knew it would produce some embarrassments
upon our commerce. When you compel men to
travel a hundred miles to change their papers, you
make it onerous on them. When you pass a sys-
tem of laws to compel a man to have certain papers
on his navigation, you must afford him reason-
able facilities to get them. Still 1 took up the dis-
tricts in my State, and consolidated them; and I
think, according to my recollection, reduced them
to about one half. We went over the whole coun-
try; and, according to my recollection—I am only
stating from recollection—we reduced the cost of
the collection of the revenue in various ways more
than $1,500,000. I sought, time after time, to get
action upon that bill; but I could not get a major-
ity of the Senate to budge one inch, and the bill
slumbered. It touched too many men who held
places—men who sustained the Administration.
Senators were approached oil all hands and were
appealed to, "do not dismiss this officer; do not
abolish this collection district." I say precisely
what I know; because these appeals were made
to me, and my colleagues on the committee said
they were made to them. These appeals led to
non-action on that bill. Now, sir, 1 am willing
again to engage in that task; ami I will cooperate
with anybody and with everybody in reforming
that system; for 1 believe, as firmly as I believe
anything, that your revenues may be collccted
to-day for $1,500,000less than you pay, and every-
thing be just as well, just as promptly, just as
thoroughly, and just, as faithfully done.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
upon the amendment offered by Mr. Harlan to
tlieamendmcutof Mr. I'V.ssknden,resulted—yeas
11, nays 33; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. IlraL'L', Hriirlit, Dnvis, Doolittle, Fitch,
Grimes, IlEirlsm, Simmons, Ton Ku-k, Tiumlmll, ami
Wade—It.
NATS—Mmrs. liayard, Bigler, Binjiham, Cameron,
C'hesnut, G'lin<:in:in, Cuttcnden, ili\mi, Fesscmlen. Fitz-
patriok, Foot, Uicen, Hemphill, Hunter, Ivrr-on. Johnson
of ArkanFu^, Johnson of'Tcnnc^i'i1. L.uhant, Pcnrce. Polk,
Powell, l'u:;h, Jtiee, .S.iuMnnv, .Scbaitmn, fWidcll, Hnni-
ner, Thomson, Toombs, Wil'I.iII, Wilkinson, Wilson, and
Yulee—
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected; and the question recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Fessendf.n.
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the words, " as soon as may
be," and inserting " as soon as the public inter-
ests will, in his opinion, admit." The latter part
of the amendment of the Senator from Maine,
which requires this ofliee to be vacated peremp-
torily within the next fifteen clays, I think, is not
wise. I hope the Senator from Maine will ac-
quiesce in my proposition to have it done as soon
as the Secretary of the Treasury thinks the pub-
lic interests will admit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am afraid he will not
think that the public interests admit it. 1 prefer
that the proposition of the Senator should not be
adopted. It is throwing the responsibility oil an
officer who may not like to take it. He will have
all sorts of—I do not know exactly what word to
use—but efforts made by people that he would
riot like, perhaps, to disoblige; and this may con-
tinue the office unnecessarily. I think we have
facts enough before us to enable us to act upon it j
ourselves.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected—ayes five; noes not counted.
The amendment of Mr. Fessenden was agreed
to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to reduce the
appropriation in the original clause from $8,300
to $500. It may be necessary to have something
in order to wind up the office.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire, in behalf of my Dem-
ocratic friends who hold these offices there, to
protest against their being put on such small ra-
tions as this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
I ought to change the phraseology of the clause.
Mr. GREEN. Will the Senator allow'me to
make one suggestion?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. GREEN. The general law authorizes the
head of the Department to close these offiees at a
certain stage, but there is no authority to turn the
books over to the State without a special law.
The common practice has been to turn all the
records over to the State, and leave the general
business to be transacted, if any future business
is required, through the General Land Office at
Washington; but the records can be certified from
the State office after they have been put there by
law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I propose to change the
phraseology of the clause, as the salaries will be
at an end, so as to make it read:
For incidental expenses of the office of surveyor general
of Wisconsin and Iowa, $500.
That is merely to settle up the matter.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I now renew the motion which
I made a short time ago, to reconsider the vote
by which the Senate adopted the amendment in-
serting this^clause:
For compensation of the auxiliary guard and one lieuten-
ant, and for fuel, oil, and lamps, and for twenty policemen,
lo bo appointed in the same manner as the auxiliary guard,
$33,400 ; and that there be p;ud,to the corporation of the
city of Washington, out of money heretofore appropriated,
the compensation of one lieutenant of police.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on reconsidering the
vote by which the Senate agreed to this amend-
ment.
Mr. HUNTER. I hope it will not be recon-
sidered. It is one of the best appropriations in
the bill, so far as this city is concerned, and we
know from experience that it is indispensable to
preserve order. There are Senators on this floor
who will recollcct the state of tilings which ex-
isted before tins guard was created. It was dan-
gerous to walk upon the streets at night.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know on what
principle it is that the Government of the United
Statesfurnishes a police force to the city of Wash-
ington? The Senator says that experience has
demonstrated that it is necessary that an auxil-
iary guard should be furnished to the city in order
to protect the lives and persons and property of
the people. I do not know that to be so. It may
be so; but suppose it is so: where do we get
authority to furnish a police force to this place? I
understand that the services of these persons ax*e
not confined to the public grounds—to tho cus-
tody of the property belonging to the United
States—but that they are the regular police force
of the whole city, under the control of the city
authorities. If this Government has the author-
ity to furnish such police officers for this city,
why has it not for every city where the Govern-
ment owns property? 1 should like to know why
it is that we cannot furnish, and Ought not to fur-
nish, a police force for the city of Pensacola, the
principal part of which, or the most valuable part
of which, I understand, is owned by the United
States Government? Why do you not furnish a
police force for my State, where the United States
owns an immense amount of the real estate of the
country? I cannot understand upon what prin-
ciple it is.
Mr. BROWN. The principle upon which the
Government of the United States furnishes a po-
lice for this city is based upon two ideas. The
first is that you have the exclusive right to legis-
late here. You have not that right at Pensacola,
or Milwaukee, or anywhere else inside of a State.
That is the first proposition; and then the second
one is 
Mr. GRIMES, "Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question?
Mr. BROWN. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator say we have
the exclusive right here to establish a police force ?
Mr. BROWN. Certainly I do.
Mr.GRIMES. That the city authorities have
no authority to ordain a police force here of their
own?
Mr. BROWN. Not at all. I do not say that
we are obliged to do'it; but 1 say that within the
limits of the District of Columbia you may, if
you choose, establish the entire police force.
Mr. GRIMES. " May;" but we have not the
exclusive right to do it.
Mr. BROWN. Not that you are obliged to do
it. The police force is established now upon this
principle; the city of Washington pays for one
half of it, and the Government pays for the other
half, and why? Because you own about one half
the property, and the city owns the other half.
You have about one half interest, and the city
has the other half. They pay for their half, and
they ask you to pay for your half. For a long
time the Government refused to do anything in
reference to the police matters of this city; and
we know what was the condition of things. No
gentleman, no citizen, nobody could go out into
the streets at night, without being subject to great
danger at least of being molested. You have now
an efficient police that protects everybody, and
protects everybody alike, I think. Good order
reigns throughout the city. You are paying your
just and due proportion of the expense. The city
pays its part. 1 ask the Senate to just let well
enough alone. You have a well-ordered police.
Everybody is safe. Everybody is secure. There
is no rioting, no disturbance. Just let the thing
be as it is. Let the Government pay its part ac-
cording to its property here, and let the city pay
its part. That is the basis on which the thing
stands to-day.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. What is the number?
Mr. BROWN. The police forcc is one hun-
dred. The city pays for one half of them and
the Federal Government for the other half. That
number has been efficient in preserving the public
peace and public order—a thing which was un-
known here until you established the present
order of things. I know, from having consulted
the assessment rolls, that the Government owns
about half the property here. This matter of an
efficient police is a thing which affects all of us,
! our families j and our constituents—whoever comes
! here; and what you are doing is paying about in
| proportion to your interest in the city. I am very
sorry to see any motion made against this police
forcc. It costs you no great amount of money;
it insures peace, order, and quiet in the city,
which, of all cities in the Union, ou«*hf to prevail
here. That there will be some disorder; that
somebody will be insulted; somebody outraged,
is inseparable frorngovernment; but I think, from
my observation, that the present police force is
the most efficient you have ever had. It costs you
very little money, and I hope it will be left undis-
turbed.
Mr. GRIMES. It is very possible that there
may be a diversity of opinion; and I think there
is adilTereneo of opinion between the Senator from
Mississippi and other gentlemen as to the efficiency
of the present police force. But aside from that,
the Senator says that the Governmentof the Uni-
ted States owns one half of the property within
this city. I heard that declaration made before in
the Senate; and when it was made before, I took
the trouble to investigate the subject, and I under-
take to say, without putting myself exactly in
contradiction with the Senator from Mississippi,
that he is mistaken. He says he has referred to
the assessment rolls. Well, sir, with all defer-
ence to him, I say the assessment rolls do not
show any such thing. The property of the Uni-
ted States is not assessed at all, and therefore the
assessment rolls cannot show the amount that is
owned by the Government, I undertake to say
that there is not one fiftieth part of theareaof the
city of Washington that is owned by the Gov-
ernment, unless you include the sheets.
Mr. BROWN. I will say to the Senator that,
under a resolution moved by myself some three
years ago, the Secretary of the Interior was re-
quired to have a fair valuation put upon the Gov-
ernment property within the limits of this city
