1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pi ass, and fancy ornamental glass of whatever
description, of only ten shillings for a hundred
weight. All other descriptions of glass are ad-
mitted free. Upon china or porcelain ware plain,
painted, gilt, and ornamental, ten shillings per
hundred weight. All the other kinds are admitted
duty free. 1 leave the committee to contrast the
legislation of Great Britain with this proposed
legislation.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to op-
pose the amendment. I will not detain the com-
mittee long. 1 am opposed to the doctrine advo-
cated by the gentleman in relation to the reduc-
tion of the duty. I wish to say to the commit-
tee that the proposition I have made, for the pro-
tection of the interests I have referred to, is made
in good faith. A large amount of capital is being
invested ill the manufacture of these articles, the
works are progressing, and gentlemen of ability,
perseverance, and energy areat the head of the en-
terprise. A petition, praying for the protection
of that interest, has bpen sent to the House,
signed by some five or six hundred of the citi-
zens of Peoria. I hope the committee, while they
remember interests in the North and in the South
and in the East, will not forget the growing inter-
ests of the J^est, that m^ist ultimately have some
power in this Government. I trust that the same
protection that, in years past, has been given
to the manufacturing interests of the East, will be
extended to the manufacturing interests of the
West. I ask that the same protection shall be
given to our interests; the same protection that
m years past was given to the manufacture of cot-
ton fabrics, woolen fabrics, of iron, and of every
variety of manufacture of the older States. I
want a vote by tellers on my amendment, that I
may,by a direct vote, see whether gentlemen from
New England and from Pennsylvania are in earn-
est when they say they are in favor of protecting
the industrial interests of this country. I want
them to stand up, and by their votes show that
such protection is their object.
Mr. GARTRELL moved that the committee
rise.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois. We might
as well rise and adjourn, if we are to go on dis-
cussing all these amendments. If the debate can
be confined strictly to the amendments, I am will-
ing to sit here; but unless it be so confined, I am
for adjourning.
The question was taken on Mr. Millson's
amendment to the amendment, and it was rejected.
The question recurred on Mr. Kellogg'^
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move an amendment pro
forma. I desire to say a word on this amendment.
The State of Vermont is not only a sugar-grow-
ing, a wool-growing, and a flax-growing State,
but in the crockery ware also, I think, it is a little
ahead of the State of Illinois. I am strongly dis-
posed to go for the gentleman's amendment, be-
cause of his exceljent speech.
Mr. GARTRELL. I submitted a motion that
the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood the
gentleman from Georgia to withdraw the motion,
so that this amendment might be disposed of.
Mr. MORRILL. The article on winch the
gentleman from Illinois asks to have the duty in-
creased is the common crockery ware, such as is
used m the log cahins of the West. Now, I wish
to know whether the gentleman is m favor of rais-
ing the duty on that ware above what we propose
in this bill, even upon the finest porcelain and
china ware? My constituents are satisfied with a
duty of-twenty-five percent, on this, and are will-
ing to pay thirty per cent, on the luxurious article.
Now as to the subject of glass. The gentleman
from Virginia [Mr. Mill son] represented the duty
on that as two or three hundred per cent.
Mr. MILLSON. 1 said that this bill increased
the present rate of duty two hundred per cent.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the gentleman is mis-
taken even in that. If the gentleman could find
out what is the price of a hundred square feet of
glass at this time, he would have had something to
base his opinion upon. The duty is one cent per
square foot. There are just one hundred square
feet in a box, and that is worth probably no less
than five dollars; therefore the duty proposed here
is extremely moderate. I will not occupy further
time with this matter.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. I desire to say one
2025
word in reply to the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill.] The gentleman, who has in his
peculiar charge the interest of the manufactory of
oil from flaxseed, and the interestof maple sugar,
has now taken on himself to read a lecture to me in
regard to what sort of crockcry wares should be
.protected. - Let me say to the gentleman that I
understand that the men who follow that business
in his State are now transferring their seven-by-
nine establishments from the hills of Vermont to
the fertile prairies of the West, where they can
expand,enlarge,andprosper. [Laughter.] Letme
tell the gentleman another thing. These gentle-
men in my State propose to manufacture articles of
superior quality and fineness; articlesfit to be used
anywhere—on the tables of the laboring man, or
in the palaces of kings. I tell him more: that
this is a fine ware, known to the trade as granite
or fine eSrthenwaro; and I tell liim, further, that
in the cabins of Illinois we use as good ware as
will be found on the gentleman's own sideboard,
in the State of Vermont. [Laughter.] Sir, there
is no place on God's green earth where they use
bettermaterials, where there are better operatives,
or where there are more energetic, intelligent, and
thriving people, than in the great and growing
West, where each for himself marks out his own
fortune and destiny.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his amendment to the amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Kellogg's
amendment.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Kellogg, of
Illinois, and Gartrell were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-eight; noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARTRELL. I move that the commit-
tee do now rise.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the committee will
consent to go on till six o'clock.
Mr. BRANCH. I think it likely that we can
have an undeistanding. If we go on till six
o'clock, will that side of the House consent to
rise and adjourn>
Mr. SHERMAN. In view of the other busi-
ness that is pressing on us for action; in view of
the Postmaster General heme: here demanding
money to carry on the Post Office Department,
and in view of the various interests of the Gov-
ernment, I, for one, shall oppose the adjournment
of the House till this bill be disposed of.
Mr, HOUSTON". That is the very difficulty
I wanted to avoid. I asked that the Post Office
bill should be taken up before this bill, so that this
bill—which is of so gmU importance—should not
be gagged through the House; and the gentleman
from Ohio is the cause why it was not done.
The question being on Mr. Gajrtrell's motion
that the committee rise,
Mr. COX demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Houston
and Eliot were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 40, noes 73.
No quorum voting, the roll was called, when
the following members failed to answer to their
Messr« Adrain, Asnmore, Babbitt, Barksdalc, Barr, Bar-
retU«Bcalc, Bocock, Bolder, Bouhgnv, Boyco, Brabson,
Briggs, Brown, Burroughs, Horace F. Claik, John B. Clark,
Clemen , Cobb, Clark fl. Cochrane, Cooper, Corwin,
James Craig, Crawford, Davidson, John G. Davis, tleu-
ben Davi^, Dimmick, Edmundson, English, Farnsvvorth,
Fouke, French, Gilmer, Graham, Hall, Hamilton, Il.ude-
man, J. Morrison llariis, Haskin, Hatton, Hawkins, Hick-
man. Hill, Hindman, Hoard, Jackson, Jenkins Kent, Ken-
yan, Lanabee, James M. Leach, Logan, Maelay, Mallory,
Clmiles D. Martin, Elbert 8. Martin, Mavnard, MeCler-
nand, McCltieen, McRae, Isaac N. Morris, Nelson, Niblaek,
Nixon, Noell, Olin, Palmei, Perry, IVttit, Pottle, Quartos,
Uust, Sickles, Singleton, WUU.uu Smith, William N. II.
Smith, Spauldmg, James A Stewart, Stokes, Tappan,
Taylor, Thayer, Theaker, Tumble, Underwood, Vandever,
Van VVyck, Waldron, Webster, 'Wilson, Winslow, and
Woodson.
It was stated that Mr. Rust had paired with
Mr. Harris, of Maryland, until Friday.
The Speaker resumed the chair; and the chair-
man reported that the committee, having found
itself without a quorum, had caused the roll to be
called, and had directed him to report the fact to
the House, with the names of the absentees.
The SPEAKER. One hundred and thirty-six
members—a quorum—having answered to their
names, the Chairman will resume the chair.
The committee having resumed its session, the
question recurred upon the motion of Mr. Gar-
trell, that the committee do rise.
The tellers resumed their places.
Mr. HOUSTON, i hope the committee will
agree to nseatsix o'clock,and thatthe gentleman
from Georgia will withdraw his motion.
Mr. GARTRELL. If it be agreed* that the
committee will rise at six or six and a half o 'clock
I will withdraw the motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us go on alittle while.
We are in a good condition to pass this bill. These
schedules are very much like the schedules in the
act of 1857. Let us pass it.
Mr. COLFAX. If it be the desire of gentle-
men to adjourn by the 1st of July, they must go
on and finish up the business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Adjourn by
what time?
Mr. COLFAX. By the 1st of July.
Mr. WASHBURNJE, of Illinois. Who ex-
pects to stay here till that time?
Mr. GARTRELL. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. 1 move to amend
by striking out of the ten per cent, schedule the
words "chiccory root," in order that it may be
placed in the twenty percent, schedule. Chiccory
root is a production of Holland that has grown
recently into commercial importance. It is ground
when dry, and in that state it is commingled with
coffee. When coffee is scarce, chiccory root be-
comes plenty, and the coffee that we get at those
times is very apt to be chiccory.
I therefore make the proposition, and I think it
is a reasonable one. It is one of valuable com-
mercial consideration that a heavier duty than ten
per cent, should be imposed on chiccory root, so
as to avoid the difficulty occasioned by the facili-
ties of itsintroduction into the market, and the con-
sequent adulteration of coffee. *
The amendment of Mr. John Cochrane was
agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I move to strike out of the
thirty-seventh line, "flocks, waste, or shoddy,"
and to insert at the end of the section, " on flocks,
waste, and shoddy, five per cent." I think the
committee, who reported this bill, have not been
fully informed as to all the uses to which this
article has been applied. Under the present tariff
the rate of duty upon it is four per cent. Flocks,
waste, or shoddy is the woolen fiber produced by
rags torn in pieces, and is used very extensively,
not only in tne manufacture of cheap cloth, but
also in the making of felt hats, and it has lately
been applied to the manufacture of paper hang-
ings. All the velvet paper is produced now by
the application of flocks, colored in every variety
of color. The committer propose to raise the duty
one hundred and fifty per cent., and I hope the
House will pay a little attention to this article.
Though small in amount, it  js entering largely
every year into the manufacture of paper hang-
ings and felt hats. It also enters largely into the
manufacture of cheap cloth. It is sometimes
used to excess, and as a matter of cheating in the
more valuable cloth, and therefore a prejudice has
been raised against the article of flocks or shoddy;
but it reduces very much the expenses of tne
cloth, and at the same time makes it warmer and
more substantial; and it is a matter of very great
interest to the small manufacturers all over the
country who manufacture that cheap kind of
cloth, and also to the manufacturers of felt hats.
I hope, therefore, that the House will consent to
put the duty at five per cent., which is one per
cent, greater than the duty under the present
tariff.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHN COCHRANE. I move to strike
out the thirty-second and thirty-third lines of tho
nineteenth section,as follows:
" Diamonds, cameo3, mosaics, gems, pearls, rubies, and
other precious stones, imitations thereof, not set."
There have been various duties imposed for
some years past on these articles. I believe the
duty now imposed is twenty-four per cent.; but
their introduction is as common now as at any
period of time, and always will be. The ease
with which they are smuggled is such as prevents
their entry at our custom-houses. They can be
borne in any manner, and introduced atany time;
and I believe the records of none of our custom-
houses will show the entry of diamonds, cameos,
mosaics, gems, or other precious stones. I think,
