1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
Mr. W IGF ALL. Then I will say nothing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the roll.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 40, nays 12; as fallows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Bigler, Bingham, Bragg,
Bright, Brown, Cameron, Chandler, Collamer, Crittenden,
Dixon, Doolittle, Durkec, Fessenden, Foot, Fo*tei, Green,
Grimes, Gwin, Hamlin, Harlan, Johnson of Tennessee,
Kennedy, King, Latham, Mason, Nicholson, Pearce, Pow-
ell, Kice, Sebastian, Seward, Simmons, Sumner,Ten EycK,
Toombs, Wade, Wigfall, Wilson, and Yulee—40.
NAYS—Messrs. Benjamin, Clay, Davis, I'itch, Fitzpat-
rick, Hammond, Hemphill, Iverson, Lane, Mallory, Sauls-
bury, and Trumbull—12.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
proceed with the readingof the paper, if Senators
will be good enough to keep order, so that the
voice of the Secretary may be heard. The Secre-
tary will resume where he left off.
The Secretary read, as follows:
In the argument of his learned counsel, which he here-
with introduccs'as a portion of his answer to the first in-
tenoratory of t^e honorable Senate, he would observe that
the right therein mentioned of the Senate, as a court with
judicial or gium-judicial functions to compel the attendance
of witnesses, in virtue of powers expressly delegated by
the Constitution, is not to he construed as an admission by
him of the lawfulness of an unnecessary mode of getting
testimony, even when the right to coerce is conceded. The
undersigned means to be understood as saying:
1. That the power to coerce testimony, though constitu-
tionally within the range of the judiciary branch of Govern-
ment in the discharge of its duties of administering justice,
is—
2. Not within the range of the legislative branch of Gov-
ernment a** a power incident to legislation ; and,
3. That the judiciary itself, though clothed with power
of coercive inquiry, is limited and controlled in the exercise
of the function by both reason and t'le Constitution.
It may not be used despotically; the pound of tlesh con-
ceded, care for the blood is to be used. To compel wit-
nesses from New York to testify at Washington, it must
first be certain that they cannot be coerced in New York
or elsewhere than at Washington. In other words, laws
are made for the people, and not the people for laws.
With these observation^, and to first present to the mind
of this honorable Senate the constitutional, and legal aspect
of tins case, as prepared for him by his counscl, the under-
signed presents, in their own language, the argument of the
lion. S. E. Sevvall, and John A. Andrew, Esquire, of Bos-
ton, Massachusetts, in the words following, to wit:
Mr. IVERSON. As that legal argument has
already been printed and laid on the desks of Sen-
ators, 1 see no reason why we should detain the
Senate by reading that. I know that the Senate
has already voted that the answer of this party
shall be read; but we can dispense with the read-
ing of a portion of it, at least. I move, therefore,
that that part of it which embraces the legal argu-
ment of the counsel for this party, Mr. Sewall and
Mr. Andrew, which is in print and laid on our
tables—and all gentlemen have had an opportunity
to examine it—may be dispensed with, and the rest
of it read. I think we may, at least, save our time
to that extent. _
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster
in the chair.) The Chair is of opinion that that
can be done by the unanimous consent of the
Senate. Is there any objection to the suggestion?
Mr. KING. Let it all be read.
Mr. MASON. That was exactly the sugges-
tion I made some time ago. I want to dispose oi
this thing in the proper manner, and to do it as
soon as we can. I never yet heard,in an answer
that was put in on oath, that the tribunal to which
it was addressed would admit of an argumenta-
tive answer; but this is not only argumentative,
but it is upctfi its face, and declared by the witness
to be, the argument of his counsel. He has em-
bodied it m his answer, and sworn to it, and seeks
thus, I suppose, to make it a part of his answer.
Now, I makeadistinctmotion, that the Secretary
be directed, in reading the answer, to omit that
which is declared in the answer to be the argu-
ment of counsel. I make that motion.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chan-
would suggest to the Senator that, under the 14th
rule, " when the reading of a paper is called for,
and the same is objected to by any member, it
shall be determined by a vote of the Senate, and
' without debate." The Secretary is about to read
it. If the Senator from Virginia objects to it, it
must be determined by a majority of the Senate.
Mr. MASON. A majority o$ the Senate has
ordered the paper to be read. I now object that
a part of the paper ought net to be read; because
it is not within the purview of the order of the
Senate originally directing the questions to be
answered. .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair en-
tertains the objection on that ground, and is about
to put it to the Senate.
Mr. MASON. My motion is to omit all that
part which is declared in the answer to b£ the
argument of counsel.
Mr. FITCH. It strikes me that the objection
comes quite too late. The Senator from Virginia
ought to have made the objection when the ques-
tion was before the Senate on reading the entire
paper. That question was decided in the affirm-
ative; and an objection now to the reading of any
particular part of it comes too late. If objection
to any one part is entertained, I shall certainly
make objection to another; for, as I have befor#
remarked, in allusion to the paper, the responses
to the inquiries put by the Senate are embraced in
what is called by the witness the summary. In
that, he gives the real reasons why he has not ap-
peared before; and all that which precedes it is
argument. I take it that the Senator from Maine,
yourself, sir, and other lawyers who are here, are
as capable of giving the argument on his reasons,
as the witness himself; and hence it was that 1
objected to the argument proper being read. His
reasons were legitimate. He gives them in the
summary. It was for the Senate to satisfy them-
selves whether those reasons were satisfactory or
not. But the Senate have seen proper to vote in
favor of the entire paper being read; not only the
reasons with which he concludes, but the argu-
ment by whidh he sustains those reasons.
I remarked that if an objection was entertained
subsequent to the recent vote of the Senate to one
portion of the paper, I should make objection to
another. There is a statement in response to the
second inquiry of the Senate, which, in my judg-
ment, is not borne out by the facts;-a statement
that the witness is now ready, and always has
been ready, voluntarily to come before any com-
mittee of the Senate, at any time or at any place.
If such is the case, the committee now learn it for
the first time. If objection is made to the read-
ing of anyone portion, I shall object to the read-
ing of that portion; because I believe that upon
reflection the witness himself may perhaps qual-
ify that assertion.
Mr MASON. I think, if the honorable Sen- :
ator from Indiana will consider a moment, he will
agree with me that the motion I have submitted
is proper. I could not know, nor could the Sen-
ate know, that there was contained in the paper
an argument of his counsel, in lieu of his own an-
swer to the question, until we came to it. When
we did come to it, and he announces that it is not
an answer to the question, but that it is the argu-
ment of his counsel, then it is not too late to move
to omit that.
Mr. FITCH. The witness, if I mistake not,
in his argument refers to Coke, or some other
musty legal authority. He had a perfect right,
if lie had seen proper so to do, to embody all the
authorities he referred to; and the vote of the
Senate that the paper should be read would have
compelled every Senator to listen to those author-
ities quoted.
Several Senators. Not listen.
Mr FITCH. We are presumed to listen.
Mr. CRITTENDEN. I submit that it would
be better, and perhaps save time, to let it all be
read.
Mr. MASON. Well, I withdraw my motion.
The Secretary proceeded with the reading, as
follows:
" Our client is brought before your honorable Senate for
i! an alleged contempt m refusing to appear as a witness be-
11 foie the committee of the Senate appointed by a resolution
]! adopted December, 1859. We claim that he is no contuma-
i cious witness, in the usual sense of those words. Our client
declares that he has no information, in regard to the subject
' of mquuy directed bv that resolution, which he desires to
conceal. Ho has declined to testify solely because he de-
nies the authority of the Senate to compel his appearance;
because he regai ds the resolution as a usurpation of power,
which, if the precedent be established, may become the
engine of frightful tyrannv. Seeing clearly what appears to
him to be the dangerous consequences of submitting to an
unconstitutional exercise of authority, he retused J0"000"1®
a witness, not so much to protect himselt, as to defend the
rights and' liberties of the whole people of the L nited States,
which our client feels were assailed in his person. 1 here-
fore, we respectfully ask to be allowed to submit, in his be-
half. the following legal argument:
" The lesoiution directs the appointment of a committee
to inquire into the facts attending the late invasion and
scizuie of the armoiy and arsenal at Haiper's Feiry by a
band of armed men, and report whether the same was at-
tended bv armed resistance to the authorities and public
force of the United States, and the murder of any citizen
of Virginia, or any troops seat tUere to protect public prop-
erty ; whether such invasion was made under color_of any
organization intended to subvert the government of any of
the States of the Union, the character and extent of such
organization; whether any citizens of the United.States
not present were implicated therein, or accessory thereto,
by contributions of money, arras, ammunition, or other-
wise ; the character and extent of-the military equipments
in the hands or under the control of sard armed, hand;
where, how, and when, the same were obtained and trans-
ported to the place invaded; also, %o report what legisla-
tion, if any, is necessary by the Government for the future'
preservation of the peace of the country and the safety of
public property—the committee to have power to nsend for
persons and papers. ' ' -
<{ The resolution has two distinct branches. The first is,
to ascertain the facts attending the commission of certain
crimes—that 15, the invasion and seizure of the United
States arsenal at Harper's Ferry by an armed force, &e.,
including the inquiry as to who committed the crimes, not
only those who were present, but those who, though ab-
sent, aided and abetted the undertaking. The other is, to
report what legislation is necessary ior the preservation of
the peace of the country and the safety of public property.
The power of sending for persons and papers given to the
committee, of course, relates to both branches of the reso-
lution.
"In behalf of our client, we shall consider, first, Whether
the Senate have power to direct the inquisition provided
for by the first branch of this resolution.
" As we have already intimated, the great object of the
proposed inquiry is to ascertain who committed certain
crimes, and who were acccssory to them. The resolution,
to be sure, is not so worded; but an inquiry into the facts -
attending the invasion includes ascertaining who madethe
invasion, &c.; and the inquiry ' whether any citizens of
the United States not present were implicated' means, un- 
questionably, what citizens were implicated?
"It requires no argument to show, that to ascertain who
committed certain crimes is a judicial inquiry. One ob-
ject of all courts having criminal jurisdiction is precisely
this: to ascertain who have committed crimes. Subsid-
iary to the higher courts, but all aiding in the same judicial
function of finding out the authors of crimes, are coroners'
inquests, examining magistrates, and grand juries. These
instruments of investigating crimes were well understood
and used throughout our country when the United States
Constitution was adopted. Now, we maintain, without
hesitation, that the inquisition directed by the Senate, be-
ing purely a judicial one, belongs solely to the judicial de-
partment of the Government. If the courts have not now
sufficient powers to inquire into crimes against the United
States, let such powers be given by law. A defect in the
laws in this respect cannot justify the Senate in usurping
the functions of the judiciary.
" One of the great fundamental prtnciples on which the
American constitutions rest is the separation of the legis-
lative, executive, and judicial departments of Government.
The Constitution of the United States is,_in this respect,
like all the rest. It vests all legislative powers granted by it
m Congress. It vests the executive power in the President,
and then it provides that4 the judicial power shall be vested
in one Supreme Court and in such inferior courts as Con-
gress may from time to time ordain and establish.' (Art.
3, sec. 1.) 'The judicial power' means necessarilyall the
judicial power, except such portions of it as are expressly
or impliedly given to other bodies. Such is the trial of im-
peachments, which is expressly given to the Senate. (Art.
1, sec. 3.) And when the Constitution provides (Art. 1, sec.
5) that < each House shall be the judge of the elections, re-
turns, and qualifications of its own members,' it gives each
flou £ the judicial powers requisite for accomplishing these
objects. So., when each House is invested with authority
to expel a member, (Art. 1, sec. 5,) it must have all the ju-
dicial power necessary in trying him.
" With a few exceptions, then, all the judicial power of
the United States is vested in the courts established by Con-
gress, with their necessary incidents of examining magis-
trates, juries, and prosecuting officers. Congress has also
provided for grand juries, and might establish coroners'in-
quests in regard to crimes against the United States. But
neither the Senate nor the House can be a court to try per-
sons charged with treason, murder, or any other offense,
or act as a coroner's inquest, examining magistrate, or grand
iU <• We know it will be urged that the proceeding author-
ized by the resolution is not a trial or judicial proceeding,
because the Senate does not propose to punish any one.
But to ascertain the guilt or innocence of a person is just
as important a part of the judicial function as to punish
him; and the Senate have just as much authority to punish
a man for treason as to try the question whether or not he
has committed it. Under the resolution, the committee
have power to report tha&such and such persons have been
guilty of treason or other offenses. Here, then, we find a
trial and conviction. And though it is not pretended that
the Senate has any power to punish crime, yet such a con
vietion, by blasting a man's character, rnav, in this as in
other cases, become the most tiemendous punishment.
The dangerous nature of the tribunal which the Senate
has erected should make them pause before they commit
to imprisonment a parson who denies its constitutional au-
thority. The examination before the committee, though
not so required by the resolution, has hitherto been secret.
The people of the United States abhor secret tribunals. In-
formers have been brought before this secret court. Whose
reputation they may have assailed or ruined, cannot oe
known till the leport of the committee appears. The parties
who may have been charged with the highest crimes have
had no opportunity of being confronted with the witnesses
testify mg against them. Every safeguard which the jaw
inteipo^ for the protection of men unjustly accused, is
broken down in this new tribunal. Some are examined to
sec if they will not accuse themselves, some if tbey will
not implicate their friends, and others to ascertain their
opinions. , , _
•' We do not charge the honorable gentlemen of the com-
mittee with designed unfairness. We believe tbey have
treated the witnesses before them with great courtesy?
