62
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
North, whether the Government contracts with
private companies or whether individuals purchase
them. We have thus contributed, sometimes as
individuals, sometimes as tax-payers to the Fed-
oral Government, to sustain the factories of the
North which became tributary to emigrant aid
societies and sent forth the armed bands which
poured in uponKansas. When the people of Mis-
souri, living on the border, saw that, as the result
of meetings in churches, and elsewhere, armed
bands were coming in and occupying the Terri-
tory immediately northwest of them, threatening
tlu-ir peace and security, what wonder that they
should have seized upon arms wherever they were
to be acquired to march against the marauders
who were thus threatening their internal peace?
The meetings in churches and the bestowal by
eminentprolessors and preachers of-Sharpc's rifles
to be taken to murder the citizens who were going
into Kansas, were the precursors of this deed of
violence done in Missouri. I offer it not in jus-
tification; I will not attempt to justify the act;
but it should have been received in extenuation;
and when the Senator commenced making a com-
parison between the breaking open of an arsenal
and taking out a small number of arms and a
conspiracy plotted, prepared for years before, and
finally culminating m an assault upon a sovereign
State, he must have forgotten the obligations
which he owed to his Government.
But the Senator goes on to speak of the per-
sons who took the arms as having been rewarded
with office as the special favorites of the General
Government. If any of them have been re-
warded with office, I am not aware of the fact.
Of this much 1 am quite sure: no man ever was
rewarded with office because of that fact. I hoard
the name of only one individual over mentioned
in connection with it. Who were his followers
I am this day profoundly ignorant. Perhaps
the Senator may be aware of some person con-
nected with the transaction who has been re-
warded with office. Was it fair, was it candid,
was it honest to his own Government to say that
therefore those persons had been rewarded with
office without having some evidence of the truth
of the assertion?
fn the same connection, the Senator yesterday
went on to speak of troops having been sent to
Kansas. Yes, sir, troops were sent there, and
troops were kept there. They were sent there
to preserve the peace; they were kept thereto
preserve the peace. Equally thev acted against
the combatants on both sides. They put down
armed bodies of men wherever they found, them
in opposition to the law. They shed the blood
of nobody; no doubt they prevented the effusion
of much blood upon the soil of Kansas. No
Governor ever went into the Territory who felt
that he was safe without the presence of troops,
who felt that he could execute his duties without
them. The troops were required for other ser-
vices, and were detained within the Territory
upon the application of the Governors. These
facts being notorious, does it become a Senator,
at this late day, to parade that worn-out charge
as an accusation?
There is, Mr. President, as I view it, a duty on
the part of the people of every State to restrain
their citizens; a duty on the part of every State to
prevent armed bodies of men crossing its terri-
tory to attack another State; and the citizens who
arc recreant to this duty are accomplices to the
crime. They are bound to restrain; not to sus-
tain. The men who have given money, the men
who have had meetings and encouraged such acts
are accomplices before the fact; and those who
approve it now, those who attempt to cover it
now, are criminal after the fact. The Senator from
New York, who is not in his scat, has been
brought prominently before the consideration of
the body to-day, for a speech of his which has
been published and circulated over the country.
That Senator made his speech before the event;
he may not have contemplated the fruit it bore—
if, indeed, it bore this; but, when the Senator from
Illinois vindicates that speech to-day; when the
Senator from Illinois makes that the text of his
remarks, and reads for it what our forefathers
said, he makes himself responsible for what
Mr. Seward, perhaps, never would have sought.
The man who, after the event, approves a speech
which, at least, contained the germ that might
have produced the plant, is for more guilty, in
my judgment, than the man who originally
made it.
Besides, Mr. President, we have, in the course
of the debate, been several times spoken of as
complaining of a want of sympathy among our
northern brethren. I have made no such com-
plaint. I have not asked for any sympathy.
Sympathy, however, in the character of frater-
nity, sympathy in the nature of abhorrence of
crime, sympathy in an odious shuddering at the
spectaclc of those who come to incite slaves to
murder helpless women and children, I might
have expected in the breast of every gentleman.
Senators here seem to consider this word sympa-
thy as synonymous with pity, for which every
proud man feels contempt. Virginia has never
needed aid; but when at the far-distant portion of
the country, in which I was at the time, I saw it
reported that the Governor of Pennsylvania had
offered his aid, and that the Governor of Virginia
ha.d declined it, I was gratified at the offer and
pleased with the manner in which it was received,
x thought it becoming in Pennsylvania to make
the oner, equally becoming in Virginia to de-
cline it.
Mr. MASON. That is a mistake, Mr. Presi-
dent. It was untrue. There was no such offer
made, and of course it was not declined.
Mr. DAVIS. I did not say that it was; but
still I saw it in the papers, and I was telling what
I saw in the papers, and what effect it had on me,
whether true or false. I saw that it was after-
wards corrected. I say again, Mr. President, if
the Governor of Pennsylvania had made the offer,
it would have been becoming in him in his posi-
tion.
Mr. BIGLER. Will the Senator yield to me?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. BIGLEIt. It is perhaps right, at this
point, to make an explanation of facts which I
happen to know. Governor Wise addressed the
Governor of Pennsylvania, as I think he did the
Governor of Ohio. It happened, however, that
the Governor of Pennsylvania did  ot receive the
letter of the Governor of Virginia in time to reply
as promptly as I have no doubt he would have
wished to reply. I have not seen anywhere the
letter of the Governor of Pennsylvania in prmt;
it has not been published; but I had the pleasure of
reading it, and I think it is all that the Governor
of Virginia, or the citizens of Virginia, could de-
sire, showing a determination on his part, so far
as would be light and proper on the part of a sov-
ereign State, to interpose whenever the necessity
should arise, and giving the Governor of Vir-
ginia assurances that no countenance would be
lent by the sovereign State of Pennsylvania to
any band of men who might rendezvous in that
State for the purpose of preparing an assault on
the State of Virginia or any of her people.
Mi*. DAVIS. I. am very much gratified, Mr.
President, to hear the facts stated by the Senator
from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MASON. May I trespass for one instant
upon the time of the Senator from Mississippi?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. MASON. The substance of the letter,
which I happened to read, from the Governor of
Virginia, addressed to the Governor of Pennsyl-
vania and the Governor of Ohio, was not calling
for any aid whatever. It was only to inform
them that he had information which led him to
believe it was true that combinations of armed
men were forming within those States, respect-
ively, for the purpose of making an incursion into
Virginia, either to prevent the execution of this'
man Brown, or if they could not get there, to take
hostages to deter it. Whether such combinations
were formed or not, I do not know. I do not
know the evidence upon which the Governor of
Virginia wrote the letter; I have not seen him
and do not know what papers or correspondence
he has had; but it was giving these Governors that
information to act upon as they thought best,
suggesting only that if they found it was true,
they should take measures to suppress it there,
and prevent them from coming into Virginia—
that is all. He never asked any aid in any form.
Mr. DAVIS. That, I believe, is about the
substance of what the Senator from Pennsylvania
said, and I cannot see that there was anything hu-
miliating in the Governor of Virginia calling upon
the Governor of Pennsylvania to take care of
lawless men who were within his own limits.
Mr. MASON. Nothing in the world.
Mr. DAVIS. I think comity between States
required that the Governor of Pennsylvania should
be ready to perform that duty, and I am glad to
know how entirely ready he was to do it; and in
my first remarks I intended to make no reflection
on him, for if not done it might have been an omis-
sion whilst he had entire willingness to perform
it. Considering it as I did, in my first remarks,
as a case in which the Governor of Pennsylvania
did nothing, still it might have been an omission
whilst lie was quite ready to perform his duty to
the fullest extent, I only intended to allude to it
as a part of the general obligation between the
States, each to avoid its territory being made the
place where conspirators would rendezvous to
attack another State; and if any State at any time
should be unable to defend her territory against
such an invasion, I trust the day may never come
when the sister States will not generally rally to
her defense.
But, Mr. President, we are now considering a
question which involves within itself a conspiracy
against a portion of the United States, a rebellion
against the constitutional government of a State.
It is no time to go into a disquisition upon the
abstract question of African servitude, if it be
right to discuss that question at any time—and
whenever it is appropriate to do so, I shall be
ready for it, believing it can bo thoroughly vin-
dicated—surely it seems to me this is not the time.
If I desired to institute an inquiry whether the re-
form schools of New England were justifiable or
not, and I found that lecturers were inciting that
portion of your population that have not capital
against those who have, and it were to lead to the
burning down or tearing down of your public
institutions, I should not on such an occasion as
that rise to give my opinion upon the propriety of
the reform schools or juvenile penitentiaries which
you have among you. The occasion is not meet
and proper for the consideration of such a sub-
ject. We should confine ourselves to the duty to
he performed: first,the inquiry, has a conspiracy
been formed? secondly, who are the guilty par-
ties ? thirdly, what is the appropriate remedy ?
I believe a conspiracy has been formed, extend-
ing not only over a portion of the United States,
but also into England; that money has been con-
tributed at both places; that it has been the work
of years; that a military leader was sent from
England here to participate, first in the Kansas
trouble, and then in this raid upon Virginia. It
was foretold in England long before occurred this
treasonable act, that insurrection among the slavos
of the South would happen, and the clisappoint-
ment must be, that the only rebellion of the
slaves was against the incendiaries who got pos-
session of them, and from whom they escaped to
return to the protection of their masters. Jf this
is the fact, and there is surely enough to justify
the suspicion of conspiracy, what Senator can
decline to enter into the inquiry zealously, prompt-
ly, thoroughly; to seek whether such assault has
been made upon our institutions or not? This
person to whom I allude, known here as Colonel
Forbes—I do not know what other alias he may
have—was announced in one of the foreign papers
—a correspondent from Paris writing to a paper
in London—as having come over here after his
disasters under Garibaldi, and having engaged in
this Kansas war as a military leader and instructor
to carry on civil wor in the United States. His
first funds were drawn from London. His secpnd
funds were anticipated but not drawn from the
anti-slavery fund here. Not being drawn, he
becamc a willing witness against his former em-
ployers.
Again, sir, we had something like an apology
offered, because it was said the manner of the
attack did not indicate any purpose to enrich those
who were engaged in it, the object being not to rob
nor to steal. Fanaticism is never mercenary, but
these incendiaries added to their crimes the vice
of avarice. Does not the sordid feature of the
enterprise excite contempt, when beneath this
conspiracy, this combination to disturb the peace
of a sovereign State, you find the petty com-
mercial purpose of making money by disturbing
the industry of one portion of the country, in-
creasing the price of cotton, and thus filling the
pockets of the base traitois against their own
country? One of the inducements to persons to
advance money to carry on this foray against the
