THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
J nne 14,
be considered as c6ming under the treaty; and
that the simple -question was, whether that fact
should excludc the whole or admit the whole, a
part of it being within the treaty.
Now, sir, this is the part that I stated then and
believe now comes distinctly and directly within
the treaty stipulation. The distinction made by
the Senator from North Carolina is entirely illu-
sive; there is nothing in it. The statement that
two dollars was allowed for the land and two dol-
lars for the timber is only a statement made to
show how the amount of four dollars js made up
in the whole. The stipulation of the treaty is,
that these settlers shall be quieted in the posses-
sion of their lands. The lands themselves be-
longed to certain individuals, the original owners.
They say that they are ready to give releases on
being paid, and they will not give those releases
which the Government of the United States has
provided should be obtained unless they are paid.
The question then arises, how much should they
be paid; and that they left to us to determine in a
certain way, In order to determine, how much
they should be paid, to induce them to give these
releases,asafaircompensation for these lands, the
United States Government being under an obli-
gation to procure the releases for these people, the
Committee on Claims appointed, by permission
of the Senate, the clerk of the committee as an
agent to go and ascertain that matter and report to
the committee. The clerk reported that the timber
which had been taken from the lands while they
were out of the possession of the owners, and in
the hands of these people who went upon them,
was worth two dollars an acre on the average,
and that the lands themselves were worth, clear
of the timber, as they stand, two dollars, together
making the sum of four dollars. Ho therefore
reported that sum, and gave the facts on which
the committee state that they were content to
allow the four dollars an acre made up in that
way—two dollars for the timber that had been
taken off and two dollars for the land as it stood
without timber. That is the simple fact about it.
They did not report a sum, on the principle which
the Senator from North Carolina now states, in
rcfrrcncc to the other timber. With regard to
the other timber which was reported in the bill
alluded to, as the Senator from Rhode Island
states, it. is from land now owned by these par-
tics. There arc no releases to be procured with
regard to thnt.
The principle on which payment was reported
for that timber was, that at a certain period of time,
the United States Government, having made an
arrangement with Great Britain, applied to the
State of Maine—this land being in controversy,
bur turning out to he within the State of Maine—
and requested the State of Mame to suspend its
jurisdiction over the land, in order to avoid a col-
lision, which might lead to very great expense on
the part of this Government. The government
of Maine, in obedience to that request, m order
to keep the peace, suspended the exercisc of its
jurisdiction—withdrew it. What was the conse-
quence? The consequence was that tiespassers
went on and stripped the lands of the timber, no-
body being authorized to take care of it, and no
State exercising jurisdiction over it. The juris-
diction of Maine having been withdrawn at the
request of the Government of the United States,
the owners of the timber say that, inasmuch as
their property was sacrificed for the benefit and
at the request of the United States, the United
States should pay for it; and so the Committee on
Claims decided; but that is a different question
from the one now before us. This question arises
strictly under the treaty. The treaty provides
that the men in possession should be quieted in
their titles. That being the thing which the Gov-
ernment of the United States agreed to do, the
question arises, how much it shall pay the owners
in order to get the releases which the owners can-
not be compelled to give. They may eject all
these people, unless they are prohibited by the i
treaty from doing so, which many hold that they |
are, and then their titles would be absolutely I
good. How much shall they be paid, not for the I
timber as taken off under the original agreement, i
but the fair value of their property which they |
have lost, and to which they must give a release. !
The Committee on Claims say the timber was j
worth so much, and the land so much, amount- i
ing to four dollars an acre, and that they ought I
to be paid that sum by the Government. Now,
the question comes distinctly under the treaty,
not as so much timber and so much land, but as the
elements going to make up the price of the land
itself. That is the simple question—the' only one
on this point of order.
Mr. BRAGG. I am very glad to see that the
honorable Senator from Maine has obtained some
information in relation to this matter, which he
did not possess the other day when it was before
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I certainly did possess
the same information then. I stated that the whole
of this camc within the treaty, and the other did
not.
Mr. BRAGG. I stated then, as those Senators
who wore here will distinctly remember, that the
claim then presented amounted to upwards of
fifty-five thousand dollars; of which more than
forty thousand dollars was for land damages.
The Senator most positively and unequivocally
denied it. Now, sir, it has been admitted; for the
claim which has been withdrawn, (damages at
one dollar per acre 011 twenty-three thousand
acrus of^anxl,) and one half of the amount of the
present which is $33,714, I think, will
amount to about forty thousand dollars, as I
stated the other day. 1 stated that; and the hon-
orable Senator undertook to correct me, and to
say that 1 was laboring under a total mistake. I
told him then I was right about this matter.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understood the Sena-
tor to state, the other day, that the timber claim,
exclusive of the land claim, amounted to upwards
of forty thousand dollars, which did not come
within the treaty.
Mr. BRAGG. I deny that any of it comes
within the treaty. You are assuming that it
comes within the treaty. I stated that, of the ag-
gregate sum which it was proposed to give these
parties, $40,000 of it, in round numbers, was for
damages for cutting timber. I did not admit then,
and I do not admit now, that one dollar of this
amount comes within the provisions of the treaty
of 1842.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wc will consider that
when the question of order is decided.
Mr. BRAGG. The Senator assumes that, and
argues as if that were so. I do not propose to go
into that question now, because it is not before
the Senate, and 1 do not wish to take up the time
of the body in discussing a question of that kind
on a point of order. I think the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine should not have taken that for
granted, with a view of carrying out his case
here; but I wish simply to remind him of the fact
that the other day, when this matter was before
the Senate on a point of order, I made the state-
ment then—and I wish honorable Senators to rec-
ollect it—that of this claim, whether withm the
treaty or not, $40,000 in round numbers was for
damages in cutting timber off this land; and now
it is admitted, not only by the Senator from Rhode
Island, but by the Senator from Maine himself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I admit no such thing.
I deny it now.
Mr. SIMMONS. I never admitted any such
thing.
Mr. BRAGG. I understood the Senator from
Rhode Island to assent to it.
Mr. SIMMONS. I stated that when posses-
sion was taken of this land, this timber was upon
it, and in making up the value that ought to be
paid for the release of the title, wc valued the tim-
ber at two dollars, and the land at two dollars,
making four dollars an acre.
Mr. BRAGG. Precisely. All of the evidence
before us shows that fact. Then if there is any
difference between the honorable Senator and
myself, it is merely as to the amount. It is ad-
mitted that a part of this claim is for timber dam-
ages, and the question between us is as to amount.
If I were disposed to argue this matter, I might
go into the evidence before me; but the Senator
from Rhode Island admits that, according to the
report, two dollars of it was for the timber cut and
two dollars the estimated value of the land after
the timber was cut. There is no dispute about
that; there can be none. Gentlemen may turn
around and say we do notadmit so and so; but it
was upon that basis, as the Senator from Rhode
Island ought to know, and I think does know 
Mr. SIMMONS. What is it?
Mr. BRAGG, I say it was upon that basis
that the committee, for these eight thousand acres
of la d and upwards, did allow the sum of
§33,000. It was so argued by him. He knows
very well that I asked for an explanation on that
point, and that.that was the manner in which it
was explained; and that of this aggregate sum of
$33,000, two dollars an acre, according to theevi-
aence, was allowed for the timber cut off between
the years 1832 and 1839, and two dollars was al-
lowed for the value of the land itself, after the
timber was cut off.
These are facts; and why will gentlemen rise
here and say they do not admit this thing? My
friend from Rhode Island knows very well that
it was upon that basis of argument and of facts
produced by him that that amount was allowed,
and allowed for this purpose. And yet I am met
here by Senators saying they do not admit this
thing. Why, sir, the evidence is before me, but
I care not whether the amount of two dollars an
acre is allowed, or any other sum. I say that a
part of this claim is for damages which, upon the
most liberal construction of the treaty, taking
everything that gentlemen insist upon, cannot be
brought within the provisions of the treaty at all.
And why do I say so? The honorable Senator
from Maine says that there is a distinction be-
tween the twenty-three thousand acres of land
here which parties now hold, without any adverse
title being set up under the treaty, and the eight
thousand acres which they hold to which there
is a claim on the part of these squatters. What
does the treaty provide?
I am sorry to have to take up the time of* the
Senate a little while, for I sec gentlemen are tired
of this claim; but it becomes necessary to explain
how this controversy arises. Long before there
was any dispute as to this matter, the State of
Massachusetts, then owning lands in that region
of country, made two grants, one to General
Eaton, for military services, of a large body of
land, some twenty thousand acres, perhaps—it is
unnecessary for me to state the amount—and an-
other to the town of Plymouth, for school pur-
poses. Here was a large amount of land, in the
aggregate some two hundred thousand acres, or
upwards. When the treaty of 1842 was made,
this land which had been granted out to Eaton,
and the Plymouth grant, fell within what was
called the disputed territory. Before the treaty
was made there was certain correspondence of
the American negotiator, Mr. Webster, in relation
to this matter. In fact it was doubted, and I think
doubted with great force and propriety, whether
this Government had any right to cede away any
of the territory of a sovereign State. What did
Mr. Webster do ? After he and the British min-
ister had agreed upon the terms of settlement—and
which settlement was brought about in this way:
a part of the territory which Maine had .claimed
was to be given up, and we got compensation fur-
ther up, westwardly of the territory which had
been claimed by Maine, and by which there was
a small accession to the States of Vermont, New
Hampshire, and New York—he made a commu-
nication to certain commissioners who had been
appointed on the part of the States of Massachu-
setts and Maine in relation to this treaty, in order
to get their assent; for Massachusetts still held a
title to a large portion of land there which she
formerly held, before the State of Maine was set
apart and became a sovereign State. Massachu-
setts and Maine owned lands there jointly, and
Maine owned lands in severalty.
Now what was the provision of the treaty, and
what was agreed upon? As I have said, before
the treaty was made, Mr. Webster communicated
with these commissioners, and they assented to
the making of the treaty, and upon what terms ?
In the first place he offered to them §150,000 as a
consideration for their assenting to this loss of
territory, and this change of boundary. What
did they say to that? They said: we do not think
this enough; we want more; we think you ought
to give us more. Thereupon Mr. Webster agreed
to double the amount which was to be given to
them. In other words, §150,000 was given to
Maine, and §150,000 was provided, under the fifth
aiticle of the treaty, to be given to Massachusetts.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
I from North Carolina will suspend his remarks.
The hour of four o'clock having arrived, the Sen-
ate will take a recess until six o'clock, agreeable
to special order of the Senate.
