2972
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Maine is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will yield for the ap-
propriation bill to come up.
Mr. TOOMBS. I say we shall have no more
drains on the Treasury until we have enough
members present to dispose of any matter that
comes up here; and I know that is putting a stop-
per on Black Republican legislation.'
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator does not
trouble tne by any such threat as that at all. The
Senator would be very glad undoubtedly to put a
stopper on Black Republicanism; but that is out
of his power, thank God, if he were to try it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I do not think it is.
Mr. HAMLIN. I want to make a simple state-
ment. In tile first place, the Senator from Geor-
gia knows that I was opposed to this bill in com-
mittee.
Mr. TOOMBS. You arc here to make your
objections.
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes, sir; I am here, it is true,
to make my objections. I opposed it in commit-
tee; and I think I am justified in saying that other
members of that committee, who bad not as fully
examined it at that time as they have subse-
quently, will also oppose it with myself. Now,
when the Senator says that forty bills have passed
of this description withoutany objection from any
quarter, he certainly commits one material error;
and I will tell him what it is. Within the last
twenty years certainly, and I think for more than
that, 1 know of no bill that has been passed au-
thorizing tonnage duties upon anything exempt
imports upon vessels that enter from foreign
countries.
Mr. TOOMBS. That is not so.
Mr HAMLIN. I know it within the last fif-
Wen or twenty years; and I am not certain that
any other law than c^ieof that kind ever did pass
on this subject. I doubt it.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will only state to the Sena-
tor that I am prepared to show from the statute-
book that his statement is incorrect.
Mr. HAMLIN. I have not said it was not so.
I have only expressed a doubt about it; but I say
that, in the seventeen years of my experience here,
I have never known any bill asked for that im-
posed a tonnage duty upon any other vessels than
those wluch clear from a foreign port, whatever
may have been the early rule, if it is as the Sen-
ator says, it is not in accordance with the recent
practice of the Government. I recollect several
bills—one for Baltimore—that have passed within
n y personal knowledge. They have all allowed
the assessment of tonnage duties on vessels which
have entered from a foreign port, but have not
allowed a tax upon our domestic commerce be-
tween State and State.
Again, the Senator knows very well that my
opinion is that the whole thing is unconstitutional;
that you have no right to impose a duty on ton-
nage that enters a port in one State coming from
a port in another State. That is not the Senator's
opinion, I know; but he is entitled to his opinions,
and with them he shall also have the privilege of
maintaining his own opinions in his own way. I
will do precisely the same thing.
Now, sir, 1 have at my room the papers which
I h$ve collected in a partial investigation of this
matter. I did not suppose, inasmuch as it was to
be contested, and the Senator from Alabama so
understood it, that it was to come up at the heel
of the session among disputable matter; but if it
is, I ask, m justice, that I may have the papers
which 1 have collected for the purpose of stating
my views upon the case, to give to the Senate the
result of my own investigation. I cannot do it
here now. I do not think the Senator from Ala-
bama, if he were in his seat, would ask the Sen-
ate to take it up now. That he might, desire to
take it up at some proper moment between now
and the close of the session is very probable; but
that he would attempt to press us to a decision at
this time I do not think is true. I am sure I do
not believe he would; and, while he asked his
friend from Georgia to take it up, I do not think
he himself would press it under the circumstances.
REPORT inum A COMMITTEE.
Mr. GREEN. "While Senators are coming in,
I beg leave to make a report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order while this subject is under consideration.
Mr. GREEN. I ask unanimous consent to do
it. It is a House bill which I have been instructed
by the committee to report back.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not in
order, unless by the unanimous consent of the
Senate.
Mr. GREEN. That is what I have asked.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. GREEN. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 703)
making appropriations for the payment of the
expenses of the Legislative Assembly of the Ter-
ritory of Minnesota, have directed me to report it
back, and recommend its passage, with an amend-
ment It is a small bill to correct a little defi-
ciency in the Legislature of Minnesota, and I
want it disposed of now.
Mr. HUNTER. I have no objection to the
bill being reported, but I cannot consent to allow
action on anything now except the appropriation
bill.
Mr. GREEN. If there is any debate upon it,
I will not press it.
Mr. HUNTER. I cannot consent to it.
Mr. GREEN. If there should be the slightest
objection to the bill, I will not press it, but will
allow it to go on the Calendar.
Mr. KING. Let it to go on the Calendar.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the bill cannot be considered at this
time.
Mr. GREEN. Very well.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The PRESIDING' OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Virginia insist on the regular order of
business ?
Mr. HUNTER. Yes, sir. I cannot give way
for anything now.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the bill
(H. R. No. 339) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending the 30th of June,
18G1, the pending question being on receiving,
under the 30th rule, the following amendment,
submitted by Mr. Simmons: j
Sec—. Jlndbe it further enacted. Thatrvprovide for
the faithful execution of the fourth article of the treaty with
Great Britain of the 9th August, lP42,and to secure the rc
leases mentioned m paid treaty, the Secretary of the Tieas-
urv he. and he is hereby, directed to pay, out of any money
m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to Cathannc
C. Ward, of Kuxbuiy, Massachusetts, and Laura A. fSteb-
bins, of' Bangor, Maine, each the turn of §3,.'133; and to
James A. Drew, of Chelsea, Massachusetts and Itufus
Man<m, of Iloulton, Maine, each the sum of $6,737; and to
Edmund Monroe, of Boston, the sum of $10,155, and to
Benjamin Hcwall, of Boston, the sum of $3,385: Provided,
That the above-named Ward, Stebbins, Drew, and Man-
bur, holding titles to the Eaton grant, and the said Drew
and Mansur, holding titles to the east half of Plymouth
township, and the said Monroe and Sewall, holding titles
to the we t half or Plymouth township, shall respectively
exeeute, or cause to be executed, releases as required by
the fourth article of said troaty,toth(  parties holding " pos-
sessory" or "equitable possessory claims" to said lands
under said treaty, as appears of record in the land office of
Maine ; and that it appear to the satisfaction of the land
agent of said State that such releases do confirm and quiet
the title to such lands as i equired by the treaty: And pro-
vided uho, That if there shall be a partial failure to make
oi procure such releases as herein provided, a proportional
deduction shall be made from the compensation herein pro-
vided.
Mr. BRAGG. Mr. President, when the Sen-
ate took a recess, 1 was about to show what were
the provisions of the treaty of 1842, and how
those provisions camc to be made or inserted; at
least, the particular provisions under which it was
sought to make this appropriation for these claim-
ants. i had stated that, long prior to the making
of the treaty, two grants had been issued for lands
in this disputed territory by the State of Mas-
sachusetts, which then owned: one to General
Eaton, for military services, for some twenty
thousand acres, and another to the township of
Plymouth for a large number of acres; making, in
the aggregate, I believe, some thirty-two or thirty-
three thousand acres of land.
The Senator from Maine had assumed that the
provision for the payment of the original owners,
or those claiming under the original owners, in
cases where possessory adverse titles were held,
came within the fourth article of the treaty of 1843.
When I was up before I did not care to discuss
that question at all; but inasmuch as the Senator
from Maine has assumed that to be the case, and
has insisted that the amount which is named in
this amendment is really and substantially for the
land itself, and not for any damages as well, I
think it best, in order that the Senate may under-
stand this matter, to go somewhat into the history
of this treaty, and to show how this fourth article
of the treaty came to be incorporated into it, and
what was the true intent and meaning of it by the
negotiators who made the treaty.
1 stated that after the line had been agreed upon
by Mr. Webster and Lord Ashburton,''Mr. Web-
ster made known that fact to the commissioners
from the States of Massachusetts and Maine; for
it was very well understood, and he so states to
them, that that treaty would not be made with
that provision in it without the assent of these
two States who owned the land, which would fall,
perhaps, some on one side and some on the other
of this proposed compromise line. He stated to
the commissioners that, in consideration of those
States being deprived of a certain portion of their
lands, the Government of the United States would
pay them $150,000. Nothing was then said about
these claims, either to grantees claiming under the
one or the other parties; that is, citizens of New
Brunswick, subjects of the Queen of Great Brit-
ain, or of the citizens of Maine or of Massachu-
setts. He offered them $150,000. The commis-
sioners, however, thought that sum inadequate,
especially the commissioners from Massachusetts,
and they insisted on double that amount, if al-
lowed to be divided equally between the two
States. Mr. Webster agreed to that; and that
amount, as I will show directly, is provided to be
paid, and has been paid, under the fifth article of
the treaty, to these two States. But in addition
to that, the commissioners from the State of Maine
made a further demand of this Government; and
what was that? I have it here before me: and
that furnished the basis upon which this fourth
article of the treaty was made. They said this:
" The commissioners of Maine request that the follow-
ing piovisions, oi the substance thereof, shall be incorpo-
rated in the pioposcd treaty, should one be agreed on:
" ]. That the amount of < the disputed ten itory fund' (so
called) received by the authorities of New Brunswick, for
tunbercuton the disputed territory, shall be paid over to
the United States, for the use ot Maine and Massachusetts,
in lull, and a particular account rendered, or a gross sum,
to be agieed upon hy the commissioners of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts, shall be paid by Great Bi itain as a settlement
of thattund; and that all claims, bonds, and secuiities,
taken for timber cut upon the territory, to be transferred to
the authorities nf Maine and Massachusetts.
" 2. That all giants of land within that portion of the dis-
puted territory conceded to Great Biitam, made by Maino
and Massachusetts, or either of them, shall be confnmcd,
and all equitable possessory titles shall be quieted to those
who possess the claims ; and wc assent to a reciprocal pro-
vision for the benefit of settlers falling within the limits of
Maine, and we trust that the voluntary suggestion of the
British minister m regard to John Baker, arid any others,
if there be any similarly situated, will be carried into effect,
so as to secure their rights.
"3. That the right of free navigation of the St. John, as
set forth in the proposition of Mr. Webster, on the part of
the United States, shall extend to and include the products
of the soil in the same manner as the products of the foiest,
aftd that no toll, tax, or duty be levied upon timber coining
from the territory ot Maine."
< Well, sir, Mr. Webster admitted that sugges-
tion, and hence the fourth article of the treaty
under which it is now insisted that these parties
are entitled to have from the United States the
value of certain lands amounting to upwards of
eight thousand acres. It is said that by virtue of
this article of the treaty of 1842, these possessory
claimants are quieted in their title and that against
the original grantees for years and years before.
Here is the fourth article of the treaty:
"All grants of land heretofore made by either party,
within the limits of the tenitoiy which by this treaty falls
within the dominions of the other party, shall be held valid,
ratified, and confirmed to the persons in possession under
such grants, to the same extent as if &nch territory had by
this treaty fallen within the dominions of the party by
whom such grants were made; and all equitable possessory
claim*, arising from a possession and improvement of any
lot or parcel ot land by the person actually m possession, oi
by those under whom huch person claims, for more than
six yeais before the date ot this treaty, shall, in like man-
net, be deemed valid, and be confirmed and quieted by a
release, to the person entitled thereto, of the title to such
lot or parcel of land, so described as best to include the im-
provements made thereon ; and in all other respects the two
contracting parties agree to deal upon the most liberal prin-
ciples of equity with the settlers actually dwelling upon the
territory falling to them, respectively, which has heretofore
been in dispute between them."
It will be seen, as to those settlers, who, I sup-
pose nobody will dispute, were British subjects,
not citizens of Maine or of Massachusetts—and 1
Will show the materiality of that directly—that
British subjects, as well as grantees under the
