1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
the honorable Senate can create an investigating committee,
with such powers as those under winch the undersigned is
cocrcxvcly lequired to appear and answer. The following
pertinent observations are from Washington's Farewell
Address: , , ,
" It is important likewise," he observes, " that the habits
of thinking, iri a free country, should inspire caution in those
intiusted with Its administration, to confine themselves
within their respective constitutional spheres, avoiding, in
the exercise of the powers of one department to encroach
upon another. The spirit of encroachment tends to con-
solidate the powersof ail the departments in one, and thus
to create, whatever the form of Government, a real despot-
ism. A just estimate of that love of power and proneness
to abuse it, winch predominates in the human heart, is
sufficient to satisfy us of the truth of this position. The
necessity of recipiocal checks in the exercise of political
power, by dividing and distributing it into different depos-
itories, and constituting each the guardian of the public
weal, against invasion by the others, has been evinced by
experiments, ancient and modern; some of them in our own
country, and under our own eyes. To preserve them must
be as necessaiy as to institute them. If, in the opinion of
the people, the disuibutJon or modification of the consti-
tutional powers be in any particular wrong, let it be cor-
rected by an amendment in the way in which the Consti-
tution designates. But let there be no change by usurpa-
tion ; for though this, in one instance, may be the instru-
ment of good, it is the customary weapon by which free
Governments are destroyed. The precedent must always
greatly overbalance, in permanent evil, any partial or tran-
sient benefit which the use can at any time yield."
Says Jefferson, in his Notes on Virginia: " An elect-
ive despotism was not the Government we fought for; but
one which should not only be founded on free principles,
but m which the powers of Government should be so di-
vided and balanced among several bodies of magistracy, as
that no one should transcend their legal limits without being
effectually checked and restrained by the others."
"The accumulation of all powers, legislative, exec-
utive, and judiciary, in the same hands," says Madison,
(see Federalist, page 207,) "whether of one, a few, or
many, and whether hereditary, self-appointed, or elective,
may justly be pronounced the very definition of tyranny."
" It will not be denied," says this great man," that power
is of an encioaching nature, and that it ought to be effect-
ually restrained from passing the limits assigned to it."—
(Fedeialist, p. 213.)
Of the legislative he says, (p. 219 Federalist:) "The
tendency of republican Governments is to an aggrandize-
ment of the legislative, at the expense of the other depart-
ments."
Alluding to State soveieignties, he thus speaks, (p. 212,
Federalist:) "The legislative department is everywhere
extending the sphere of its activity, and drawing all power
into its impetuous vortex."
At page 212 of the Federalist, he thus continues: "fts con-
stitutional powers being at once more extensive and less
susceptible of precise limits, it can with the greater facility
mask under complicated and indirect measures the en-
cioachments which it makes on the coordinate depart-
ments."
In thus quoting from the writings of the fathers of this
Republic, the undersigned would show that his expressions
of alarm at the tendencies of such proceedings as the pres-
ent are not unwarranted by the recorded wisdom of the men
who fought for the liberties we happily inherit. When
the great constitutional expounder of a past centuiy penned
these prophetic lines, the lasthereinabove quoted, it seems
as though the eye of the seer must have penetrated the un-
ceitatn daik, and through the solid issues of fourscore yeais
have beheld, as with the vision of God, the ominous events
of the passing hour! 0
The right of a man to himself, this day virtually called m
fjiUNtion!
The fourth of the amendments to the Constitution this
day virtually denied!
The dignity of an American citizen—his claims to per-
sonalities arid to selfhood—maintained by a recurrence to
common-law principles, and toiudnnental truths of natural
right that underlie the bases of all government, and that in-
volve the essence of all law.
In the estimate of some—in the estimate of men whose
visions are bounded by the expediencies of the fleeting,
piescnt hour—the undersigned will doubtless be regarded as
a disturber of interests paramount to the eternity of prin-
ciples. God permits mortals to behold their work, not in
the future, but in the past alone. Says Francis Lieber, in his
" Legal and Political Hermeneutics," (page 233:) " Hamp-
den btoughtone of the most momentous points in all con-
stitutional history to an issue, and wagered his property and
all for thirty shillings sixpence; and his trial for the ship-
money must be considered a more important chapter in
British history than some whole icigns. Let us take him
as good authority, how important, m the higher politics,
the principle is, no matter how insignificant its direct op-
eration at the moment may be. Political, like moral, im-
portance depends upon the principle, not the value at issue.
Judas was not the better for taking but thirty pieces of sil-
ver."
By one of the most remarkable contrasts in human affairs,
the undersigned, who has been summoned to appear and
testify before a committee of the honorable Senate of the
United States, because of his supposed knowledge of or
complicity with a public transaction, amounting in the
judgment of some to an attempt to subvert the Govern-
ment and Constitution, now fnwts himself at the bar of the
honorable Senate, pleading for the integrity of the Consti-
tution, and for the rights of the people.
No man can read the pages of the Federalist, or dwell
upon the luminous dicta of Madison and his compatriots
without realizing the intense interest which the fathers had
in then work; the fondness with which thev regarded it;
and tiie jealous criticisms with which, from every stand-
point, they contemplated it* workings. The interplay of
its functions, the harmony of its parts, and the wonderful
equipoises which their fidelity and sagacity distributed
thiough the whole, render it a maivel of jurisprudential
mechanism that challenges the profoundest admiration,
and may be justly said to entitle the authors of it to the un-
dying gratitude of their countrymen, and to the homage of
the world!
To lay sudden and v;olent hands upon this ark of a peo-
ple's safety—even inconsiderately—may be regarded as a
sort of sacrilege, paralleled orlly by those of ancient time,
who, for their presumption, were smitten instantly by the
jealous anger of an offended Deity.
How deeply our fatheis feared, and how justly, too, the
encroachments of one department of Government upon
another, let the automatic checks and balances, contrived
and introduced by their prophetic skill, attest.
Precisely here, and to-day, if the position of the under-
signed be sustainable, is the integrity of this Government
jeopardized. Precisely here, and because as a citizen of this
Republic he has resisted that which, m conscientious con-
viction, he could not but regard as the most alarming occur-
rence in the history of the administration of the Govern-
ment since the hour of its inauguration, is he here at the bar
of the honorable Senate of the United States, a compelled
witness, rather to the lapsed condition of the Government
itself than to any treason among the people.
The undersigned proposes, by articles tour, five, six, nine,
and ten, of the amendment?, in their connection with cach
other, and as illustrated by the writings of the founders of
the Constitution, to prove that witnesses are therein pro-
tected against the exercise of all such powers as those
which are claimed by the select committee of the honorable
Senate in the present proceedings; for he has yet to learn
that in order for a citizen to avail himself of these safeguards
of the Constitution, he must first become a criminal. The
obstacles to the adoption of the Constitution it is not neces-
sary to advert to. But the reasons for the amendments we
must not overlook. A very superficial glance at these arti-
cles is sufficient to satisfy any mind that the sentiment
which demanded them was an earnest one, and that it was
founded on a jealousy and distrust of the powers of an over-
shadowing central government, geographically as well as
sympathetically, at a distance from them; that the inhab-
itants of the former confederated States were not willing
to sink their State citizenship in any national owni^ship.
In their own States, they were at home, and felt secure,
and were secure; but what this new and unknown colossal
power inight be inclined to do with them, opportunity being
given, tlfey did not know. Of one thing they were con-
scious—they knew that they feared power—despotic power
—irresponsible power. They feared inquisitorial power;
they lived too near the generations who had suffered its
cruelties, not to fearit. They determined to protect them-
selves and their children against it. The Constitution, as
adopted, left them exposed. They murmured. " Inquie-
tude," as Washington expresses it, prevailed; and meas-
ures were taken to assure them. In Washington's inaugural
we find the following passage :
" Besides the ordinary objects submitted to your care, it
will remain with your judgment to decide how far an
exercise of the national power delegated by the fifth article
of the Constitution is rendered expedient at the present
juncture, by the nature of objections which have been
uiged against the system, or by the degree of inquietude
which has given birth to them. Instead of undertaking
particular recommendations on this subject, in which I
could be guided by no lights derived from official opportu-
nities, 1 shall again give way to my entire confidence in your
discernment and pursuit of the public good; for 1 assure
myself that, whilst you carefully avoid every alteration
which might endanger the benefits of a united and effect-
ive government, or which ought to await the future les-
sons of experience, aiereience for the chaiacteristic rights
of freemen, a id a regard for the public harmony, will suffi-
ciently influence your deliberations on the question : how
far the foimer can be more impregnably fortified, or the
latter be safely and advantageously promoted?"
May it please the honorable Senate, the undersigned,
in his opening, and in answer to the first interrogatory, has
made the assertion that such powers as those claimed in
this case by the honorable Senate's committee were, in
his judgment, to be resisted, not only because unconstitu-
tional, but because contraiv to reason. Lord Coke was
for hoidinglaws void that wece contrary to reason. " Chan-
cellor Kent" (Comment. 111,448,) says: "While \ve admit
this conclusion of the English law, (namely, Hhat the will of
the British legislature is the supreme law of the land, and
demands perfect obedience,) we cannot but admire the in-
trepidity and powerful sense of justice which led Lord
Coke, when Chief Justice of the King's Bench, to declare,
as he did in Doctor Bonham's case, that the common law
doth control acts of Parliament, and adjudges them void
when against common right and reason. The same sense
of justice and freedom of opinion led Lord Chief Justice
Ilobart, in Day vs. Savage, to insist that an act of Parlia-
ment made against natural equity, as to make a man judge
inhis own case,was void; and induced Lord Chief Justice
Holt to say, in the case of the City of London vs. Wood,
that the obseivanon of Lord Coke was not extravagant,
hut was a very reasonable and true saying."
In elucidation of the proposition that the Senate's hon-
orable committee exists m violation of the Constitution, and
in opposition to reason, the undersigned presents the fol-
lowing considerations: .
The Constitution of the United States being established
" in order," among other great purposes, " to promote the
general welfare" and " establish justice," the fundamental
powers of government were located in three distinct de-
partments, not to create antagonistic aims, but for a more
perfect cooperation to a common end.
Now, where, in pursuance of its functions, either depart -
ment of Government raises " inquiries" that conserve " the
general welfare" and " establish justice," the presumption
is, that such employment of its functions is normal and
within the Constitution. But, where either department, in
the supposed exercise of its functions, raises inquiries that
trample down natural right, and, instead of establishing
justice, work positive wrong to the people, it must, d
priori, be held that such cannot be a constitutional em-
ployment of the peculiar functions of that department of
Government.
The protection which criminals receive from the Con-
stitution, is a protection advanced to the people as distin-
guished from criminals; bccausc,bcfoie the law,and theo-
retically, all men are innocent until proved otheiwi=e
Thus, though article six of the amendments in its letter cov-
ers only "accused" persons, those whom the accusation
presumptively has made guilty, yet the spirit of it takes in
the entire people; it is but a modified expiession of the
broad principle asserted in article four of the amendments
that " the right of the people to be secure in their persons,"
&c., "shall not be violated."
Article six is article four applied not less to special con-
ditions than to persons. It is an assertion of conditions
in which accused persons may avail themselves of privileges
as guarantied to them by article four, in virtue of their
rights as of" the people."
And my inference liom this, in favor of witnesses or other
persons not arraigned for crime, is, that an innocent per-
son cannot, consistently with the Constitution, be worse
conditioned than an accused person.
There might have been another article of the amend-
ments, a thirteenth article, for example, specially adapted
to witnesses, as article six is to accused persons; and
there might also have been fifty others of like special im-
port, had not so comprehensive a provision as article four
been incorporated among those that were adopted; but, in
the nature of the case, and under the circumstances, and,
above all, in view of articles nine and ten, we must re-
gard article four as a generalization of all others involv-
ing personal rights, whether expressed or not expressed
and, inasmuch as the whole value of article six lies in
the fact that it is article four specially applied, it follows
that, whatever special conditions of article six apply to
any other class of "the people," such special conditions
belong to such other class in virtue of the general protec-
tion extended to them by article four. Hence, m refer-
ence to peisonal rights, coercive powers that may not con-
stitutionally be exercised against " accused persons," may
not be exercised against witnesses; may not be exercised
against suspected persons; may not be exercised at all.
Before applying these principles of interpretation to the
case in hand, the undersigned would observe that it must
not be assumed that clause third of section two of article
three of the Constitution, together with article six of the
amendments, were designed merely or primarily to "promote
the general welfare," by convicting the guilty with more
facility; on the contrary, it must be assumed that this pro-
vision is primarily designed to protect the innocent, on the
axiom that it is better that ninety-nine guilty persons es-
cape, than that one innocent person be made wrongfully to
suffer. In other words, the first objcct of the due admin-
istration of justice is to shield the innoccnt. So that
wherever we find proceedings that overlook this clear pur-
pose of administrative justice, we may, without further
warrantand withoutfurtherinquiry, pronounce them, upon
the principle laid down by Lord Coke, null and void, as
beingcontrary to reason." *
As primarily the administration of law is to protect the
innocent, so the institution of law is primarily to keep so-
ciety in innocence.
If the administration of law may not trample down natu-
ral right, and expose the innocent to wrong, even to pursue
and to convict the guilty, surely the mere institution of
law cannot be presumed to.
Just laws piesuuie just means of legislation. Hence,
when in the endeavor to institute laws, the legislative
means employed are found to be in violation of the essen-
tial purpose of law. namely, to shield the innocent, we are
again authorized upon the principle laid down by Lord
Coke, without further inquiry, and without further warrant
to pronounce such means "void," because "contrary to
reason."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Clerk has been en-
gaged in reading that paper, I believe, nearly two
hours.
Mr. MASON. He is nearly through with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have been observingthe
Senate for some time, and I think not one single
Senator is paying any attention. I move to dis-
pense with the farther reading.
Several Senators. Go on with it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, if Senators desire
it, be it so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does any Sen-
ator object to dispensing with the further reading
of the paper ? °
Mr. TOOMBS. I object.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then the read-
ing will be proceeded with.
The Secretary continued, and concluded the
reading of the document, as follows:
Now, then, to make a practical application of these prin-
ciples. Inasmuch as to enforce and maintain law cannot
be of less moment than to institute it; and inasmuch as
every personal light and privilege that is secured against
judicial misuse of power, must be equally good against the
misuse of legislative authority, it follows, even on the as-
sumption that the legislative branch of Government may
inquire into the facts of specific crime, and may employ
coeicivp inquiry to accomplish the puipose of the inquest,
that the legislative branch of Government cannot have less
constitutional restraints upon its powers than those which
nold the judiciary m check. The checks upon govern-
mental powers, imposed by the Constitution, are, and were
meant to be, safeguards for the people.
By reference to the limitations of the judicial power, we
shall obtain some certain index to-the limitations of the
legislative; for, whether these limitations to the power of
the legislative be or be not expressed in the Constitution,
it is sufficient, to decide their existence, that we know the
object of them. Were this honorable eourt-legislative sit-
ting here to-day as a court-judicial, as in cases of impeach-
