1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2029
easily be obtained by voting down the substitute
of the gentleman from Vermont.
Mr. HOUSTON. I am very much obliged to
the Chair for the information that the majority of
the committee may control its proceedings. I
was aware of that fact before; but what I wanted
to provide against was against being caught and
precluded from offering any further amendments.
Mr. BRANCH. I move that the committee
rise.
Mr. STRATTON demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Buffinton
and Branch were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 71, noes 51.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Washburn, of Maine,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consideration
the Union generally, and particularly House bill
No. 338, to provide for the payment of outstand-
ing Treasury notes, to authorize a loan, to regu-
late and fix the duties on imports, and for other
purposes; and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. PHELPS. - I move that the several sub-
stitutes be ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. LOGAN. I move that the House adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. BRANCH. After conference with gentle-
men on the other side, I assured gentlemen of this
side that there would be no objection to an ad-
journment at seven o'clock. It is past that hour
now.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I gave no such consent.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LOG-AN. by unanimous consent, withdrew
his motion to adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit a motion that the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
be discharged from the further consideration of the
tariff bill, with the accompanying amendments;
and that the vote shall be taken on the several sub-
stitutes in their order.
Mr. BRANCH. I object to that.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Will the prop-
osition of the gentlemen from Ohio include the
amendments of the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union ?
Mr. SHERMAN. They will, unless they are
superseded by one of the substitutes.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Illinois. Then I am op-
posed to any proposition that will supersede those
amendments.
Mr. BARKSDALE. Is it the understanding
that a vote shall be taken on the tariff of 1846, as
a substitute for the proposition before the House?
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 renew my proposition to
discharge the committee.
Mr. BRANCH objected.
Mr. LOGAN moved that the House adjourn.
Mr. CAMPBELL demanded the yeasand nays.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers on the yeas
an^l nays; and appointed as such Messrs. Branch
and Tappan.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Thereupon (at fifteen minutes past seven o'clock,
p. m.,) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, .May 10, 1S60.
Prayer by the Chaplain, llev. Dr. Gorley.
TheJournalof yesterday was read andapproved.
PETITIONS ASD MEMORIALS.
Mr. HALE presented two petitions of patent
agents and others, remonstrating against the ab-
olition of the right of appeal from adverse decis-
ions of the Commissioner of Patents; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the memorial of S.
Mussina, remonstrating against the removal of
the custom-house from Point Isabel to Browns-
ville, Texas; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of citizens of the
District of Columbia, praying that Boundary-
street in Washington city, may be opened, and
its name changed to Wisconsin avenue; which
was referred tothe Committee oil the District of
Columbia.
Mr. LATHAM presented a joint resolution of
the Legislature of the State of California, instruct-
ing its Senators, and requesting its Representa-
tives, to use their influence to procure the passage
of a law establishing a mail route from Red Bluff,
in Tehama county, to Susonville, in Honey
Lake Valley, and the establishment of post offices
on that route at Lost Camp and Pine Grove, in
Shasta county, and at Susonville, in the State of
California, and to procure a sufficient appropria-
tion to render that mail service effective; which
was referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a joint resolution of the Le-
gislature of California, in favor of the passage of
an act providing for the floating of the sixteenth
and thirty-sixth sections of land donated to the
State of California, for the support of common
schools, #y act of Congress of March 3, 1853,and
for the location of the same upon unoccupied ag-
ricultural or grazing lands belonging to the Gen-
eral Government within that State, whether sur-
veyed or unsurveyed; and providing further for
the selection of two additional sections of such
school lands for each and every congressional
township in the State covered by mineral lands;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of California in favor of the establishment
of a new land district in the northern part of the
Sacramento Valley, the office for which to be
located at the town of Red Bluff; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed. .
Mr. GWIN presented the petition of H. A.
Klopfer, a messenger in the office of the Attorney
General, praying compensation for extra services;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
Mr. LATHAM. I introduced a resolution
sometime last month, calling on the Secretary of
the Interior to send here any information he might
possess in his Department relating to Indian dep-
redations in Butte county, California. He has
complied with that resolution, and his answer is
now on the table. I move that it be taken up
and referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. PESSENDEN, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Ezra Clark, pmvmp that
his pension may commence from the date oflns discharge,
on the fik's of tile Senate, be referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLINGMAN, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom was referred the bill (II. R.
No. 230) for the relief of Shade Calloway, re-
ported it, without amendment.
Mr. WILKINSON, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition of
Ruth Ellen Grelaud, widow of Captain John H.
Grelaud, of the Army, praying to be allowed a
pension, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill,^S. No. 440) for the relief of Ruth Ellen Gre-
laud, widow of John H. Grelaud, deceased. The
bill was'read, and passed to a second reading; and
the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. CLAY, from the Committeeon Commerce,
to whom was referred a memorial of officers and
members of the Milwaukee Chamber of Commerce
praying that steamers maybe substituted for sail-
ing vessels in the revenue service on the lakes,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 691) to change
the name of the steamboat Antelope, reported it
without amendment, and adversely.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 433) giving the eon-
sent of Congress to the deepening of certain riv-
ers and channels on the Gulf of Mexico, within
the jurisdiction of the State of Mississippi, and
the levying of tonnage duty on shipping to main-
tain the same, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Military
Affairs and .vlditia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 265) for the relief of Frederick
Stephens, reported it without amendment, and
with a recommendation that it do not pass.
AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution; and if there be no objection, I ask its
present consideration:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire whether the marshal of the United
States tor the southern district of New York has permitted
any vossel or vessels to leave-the port of New York. oratiy
other port within the said district, which may have been
fitted out, or otherwise intended for service, in the slave
trade, upon the payment to him, or .any person engaged in
the office of the said marshal, of any sum or sums of money,
or any consideration of any kind whatever; and that tor the
purposes of this resolution, the said committee have power
to send for persons and papers,
Mr. HALE. Let it lie over.
CALIFORNIA OVERLAND MAILS.
Mr. G-WIN. I ask the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of the bill reported from the Post
Office Committee, in regard to the overland mad-
service to California, in order that a day may be
fixed when we shall finally determine the ques-
tion. It is absolutely nccessary that we should
have action on that question. The whole com-
mittee are anxious to have it disposed of by tho
Senate; because if we are to have an overland mail
system, we must have the bill passed speedily;
otherwise we shall, as a matter of necessity, be
thrown on the ocean service hereafter. I nope
that the bill will be taken up, with a view of ap-
pointing a day whenitcan be considered and dis-
posed of,
Mr. HALE. I hope so. It is absolutely ne-
cessary that it should be done.
Air. Gwin's motion to take up the bill waf
agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I move that the'bill be made the
special order of the day for Tuesday next, at on«
o'clock.
Mr. LATHAM. 1 understand that some Sen-
ators will be absent next week at a convention,
and I prefer, therefore, that it should go over to
the week following-, though I am as anxious as
my colleague to have it disposed of.
Mr. HALE. It is absolutely necessary that
this bill should be considered soon, for the pres-
ent contracts expire on the 30th of June.
Mr. LATHAM. Very well; I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. HALE. I move to make the bill the spe-
cial order for Tuesday next, at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
ARTHUR EDWARDS—VETO MESSAGE.
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of the President's veto mes-
sage on the act for the relief of Arthur Edwards
and his associates.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, as this bill was
reported by the Post Office Committee, of which
I am a member, and as the report was made by
me, I deem it due to myself, to the committee,and
to the Senate, to Ktjtu, very briefly? the grounds
on which the committee actcd, and the result to
which they came, to present the case as it is, and
then leave it with the Senate. In the paper ac-
companying the veto message of the President
is a letter from the acting Postmaster General
Horatio King, and 1 simply want to read the first
paragraph of that letter, that the Senate may un-
derstand when I shall read from the report of the
committee. This is a letter from the acting Post-
master General to the President of the United
States in reference to this bill:
" Post Office Department, Jljtril 14, JP60.
" Sir * r have the honor to inform you that, agiceabiy to
your verbal request, 1 have made an investigation into the
tacts ol the case of Aithur Edward* and otfieis, for wh<m'
relief an act of Congress lias lecently been passed, and I
am satisfied that everything material to a complete under-
standing thereof is contained in the printed repoitof the
Post Office Committee ot the Senate, submitted by Mr.
Hale on the 2d of Pebruarv last."
It will be seen that the Postmaster General here
officially declares that everything which relates
to a complete and full understanding of this case
is contained in the repbrt of the committee; and he
does not suggest that there are any errors of fact
in it. Then, the facts as submitted in the report,
arc, that these individuals were the owners of sev-
eral boats which "were navigating the lakes from
Cleveland to Detroit; that they had a contract by
which they carried the local mails, for which they
received a certain limited sum, paid by the Post-
master General; that in addition to the local mails*
