1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
province of New Brunswick, should have their
grants and possessions protected precisely to the
same extent as citizens of Maine and Massachu-
setts would have their possessions or their grants
from their respective States protected, in case it
should turn out theirclaims fell on the New Bruns-
wick side of the line. It was to be mutual; and
that arrangement was made at the suggestion of
the commissioners of Maine. Then comes the
fifth article of the treaty, also made at the sugges-
tion of these same commissioners:
" Whereas, in the course of the controversy respecting
the disputed territory on the northeastern boundary, some
moneys have been received by the authoiities o! her Bri-
tannic Majesty's province of New Brunswick, with the
intention of preventing depredations on the forests of the
said territory, which moneys were to be carried to a fund
called the 1 "disputed terntoiy fund' '1—
I will say, now, that was by virtue of an ar-
rangement between the two Governments, that
neither would claim title, which took place in the
year 1832. That is what the Senator from Rhode
Island calls the diplomatic arrangements—not a
treaty, but the diplomatic arrangements. Between
that year and the year 1839 certain squatters
came in and cut this timber. The Government
of the province of New Brunswick had made an
arrangement or understanding with our Govern-
ment, inasmuch as fees were exacted from these
'persons who went upon the land and cut this tim-
ber, that the amount of that fund should be held
sacred, and should be kept until the question as
to who this territory belonged to should be set-
tled. You will perceive that the commissioners
from Maine insisted that the fund should be ob-
tained from the British Government, either the
exact amount which had been paid over to the
authorities of New Brunswick, or a gross sum to
be paid over to the States of Maine and Massa-
chusetts, for the very purpose of indemnifying
them or their citizens against the trespasses com-
mitted by these squatters or timber-getters, Now,
here was a fund. The fifth article of the treaty
continues:
" The pioeeeds whereof, it was agreed, should be here-
after paid over to the panics mtere-ted, m the proportions
to be determined by a linal settlement ot boundaries, it is
hereby agreed that a concet account of ali receipts and
payments on the said lund &lmU be delivered to the Gov-
ernment of the United States within six months after the
ratification of this treaty; and the pioportion of the amount
due thereon to the States ot Maine and Massachusetts, and
any bonds oi seeuntie-, appertaining thereto, shah be paid
and dohveied over to the Government of the United States;
and the Government ol the United States agrees to leceive
for the use of, and pay over to, the States of Maine and
Massachusetts, their respective portions of said fund ; and
fuithei, to pay and satisfy said States, lespectively, for all
claims lor expenses incurred by them in protecting the said
heretofore disputed teuitory, ami making a survey thereof,
in 3833; the Government of the I fnited Slates agieeing, with
the States of Maine and Massachusetts, to pay them the fur-
ther sum of $300,000, in equal moieties, on account of their
assent to the line ot boundary described in this treaty, and
in consideration of the conditions and equivalents received
therefor from the Government of her Britannic Majesty."
These are the two articles, then, of the treaty
in relation to this matter. How did the authori-
ties of the State of Maine construc this treaty >
How was it construed, or what was the interpret-
ation put upon it by the negotiator? Webster's
very language is in the report which I have be-
fore me, on page 54. In a letter to the British
negotiator, he said:
" Piovision should also be made for quieting and con-
firming the titles of all persons having claims to lands on
either side of the line, whether such titles be perfect or
inchoate only, and to the same extent in which they would
have been confirmed by their respective Governments had
no change taken place."
I beg the Senate to remember that. He said
that provision should be made in the same man-
ner "and to the same extent in which they would
have been confirmed by their respective Govern-
ments had no change taken place."
I asked the question just now, how did the State
of Maine construe tins treaty ? In the year 1843,
very soon after the ratification of the treaty, the
Legislature of Maine passed a series of resolves,
for the purpose of carrying out this provision of
the treaty in relation to the lands which were
claimed by these settlers, or claimed by the
frantees under the province of New Brunswick.
t never was pretended that this Government was
to make good these claims at all; but she ap-
pointed commissioners, and directed them to go
into this territory and have it surveyed. The
State of Maine did the same, for she owned a
part of the land. It further provided that, after
these surveys were made, wheneveritwas ascer-
tained these parties had been in possession for six
years prior to the making of the treaty, or where
it was ascertained that there was a grant, there
was to be a release on the part of the authorities
of these respective States, so as to quiet and set-
tle the titles of these respective parties; and that
was done.
Now, Mr. President, it is very clear to me that
the States of Maine and Massachusetts considered
the matter at that time. It was a matter for them.
These parties had no claim at all. It was not
supposed they had any claim on the General Gov-
ernment; for it is provided in the treaty in regard
to this very fund to pay for damages that had
been committed on the land—which, according to
this report, amounted to nearly nine thousand
pounds sterling—that it should be collected by the
General Government of this country, and trans-
ferred to the States of Maine and Massachusetts
for the very purpose of indemnfying them and
their citizens for these alleged trespasses—nothing
more and nothing less. It was at their sugges-
tion that this provision was made reciprocal. In
other words, if a citizen of Maine was in posses-
sion of a large grant of land which fell on the New
Brunswick side, his title was to be respccted,
although it was but a possession of six years; if,
on the contrary , a subject of the British Govern-
ment had a claim of a similar character, either
under grant or by possession, to land which full
on the south side of the line, his title was to be
respected. That was the whole question, and
nothing more.
Mr. TOOMBS. I will ask my honorable frien
from North Carolina whether he has seen the de-
cision of the supreme court of Maine on this ques-
tion ?
Mr. BkAGG. I am coming to that directly.
But, Mr. President, it is insisted now that the
effect of this treaty was to divest the rights of pri-
vate claimants; to take away their title; and, by
the operation of the treaty, "propria vigore, that
amounted to giving the title to a grantee from the
authorities of New Brunswick, or to any person
from that side of the line in possession of the land
of any party who had a grant or title for it from
either the State of Maine or the State of Massa-
chusetts. I have shown already,from what Mr.
Webster said, I think, that it was never intended
this treaty should apply to anything except the
public lands belonging to the respective parties in
this negotiation. There were lands belonging to
the Crown on the north side of this land. They
were public lands, or rather lands belonging to
the States of Maine and Massachusetts, on the
south side of the line. It could not have been in-
tended, notwithstanding any decision to the con-
trary, that this provision should apply to any
other lands than those; for this Government had
no right to undertake by treaty, or anything else,
to deprive any man of the title to his land for
which he had a grant from the State of Massa-
chusetts, which carried the whole title. It was
not so intended. It is a total mistake of the mean-
ing and operation of the treaty, as I think I shall
be able to show directly, to suppose that any such
construction should have been put upon it.
I have said that the States of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts so considered this matter. They went
on to have these surveys made and to convey
titles, to release the titles; and it was not until
ten years after this time, in the year 1854, that a
different view was taken of this matter. Smcc
that time, these parties have come here and asked
the Government to pay them the value of these
lands. These squatters upon the Eaton grant
and the Plymouth township grant come here and
ask the Government to pay them for the land
and for damages done to it before they held it;
and, in addition to that, the State of Maine is
setting up a claim, as appears from resolves here,
to the land, the titles of which she has released
under the provisions of the treaty to which I have
already adverted. Notwithstanding she had con-
veyed a large portion, she says, after that decision
in 1854 was made by one of her courts, that she
is ready to convey the balance of the land,about
thirteen thousand acres, provided the General
Government will pay her for it, and provided also
that the General Government will pay these par-
ties whose titles she proposes to quiet, and thereby
to have it released over to these squatters. That
is what she said, and here is the report before me.
Now, sir, how was that decision made ? In
1854 a controversy arose between one Little and
a man by the name of Watson. There was a
grant of land from the State of Maine or Massa-
chusetts—I do not remember precisely which—
which lay on both sides of this treaty line; otie
part of it lying in New Brunswick, and the other
in the State of Maine. Little had a grant, and
Watson had a grant. Watson's grant, from either
Maine or Massachusetts, was later in date than
that of Little. Little's grant was junior by many
years. Watson, I think it was, sued hitn. The
case came up before the courts of Maine. What
did the court of Maine hold? Why, that the
operation of the treaty was propria vigore> ais I
have stated; that Littfe, although his grant was
junior tp that of Watson, acquired a title to Wat-,
son's land; that it was, in fact, an appropriation
by this Government of private property for pub-
lic uses; and that it required no release to perfect
it at all; but that the operation of the treaty its'elf
was to vest the title of the land in the party hold-
ing and owning the oldest title. Why, sir, can
such a thing be possible? What authority do
they cite for it? Two decisions made in relation
to grants, one in Florida, and the other in Louis-
iana. They say that the effect of the two trea-
ties, the Florida treaty and the Louisiana treaty,
was to confirm the grants without any release on
the part of the Government of the United States.
Why, sir, the cases are not at all in point. There
was no dispute between the claimants and the
United States, under the Florida treaty, or under
the Louisiana treaty; but the Supreme Court held
that the effect of those treaties m the two cases
which were cited by the court of Maine was to
confirm those grants, and so it was; but here
there were parties claiming one under an old grant,
and the other under a junior grant. Does it not
strike every lawyer in the body as absurd at once,
to suppose that the parties to this treaty intended
to make a provision that a junior grant issuing
from a Government on one side of a line should
supersede tp destroy the effect of an older grant
issuing by the parties on the other side of the line,
and the effect of which would be to take one
man's property, and give it to another? The
thing is absurd in itself.
But let us see a little further, as to the absurdity
of it. What would be the effect in the case of the
lapping grant that I have stated? Watson, for
instance, was claiming from the State of Massa-
chusetts; Little was claiming from the authorities
of New Brunswick.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yon have got it turned
round
Mr. BRAGG. The Senator says I have got it
turned round. Perhaps I have, ft does not make
any difference in principle if 1 have got the names
of the parties wrong. It is said that in Maine,
the New Brunswick grant takes precedence of the
older grant issuing from Massachusetts; and so
I suppose, when they get over to New Brunswick
under the treaty, as it was to be reciprocal, and
as the grants issued by each of their respective
Governments were to have effect in the Territory
of the other, the Massachusetts grant would get
the land that was on the Brunswick side. That
rule docs not work both ways; it must be so; and
that shows the absurdity of the whole thing. Here,
according to that construction put upon it by the
court of Maine, the junior grant would take the
Maine land and the other grant would take the
New Brunswick land. It seems to me that that
goes to show the absurdity of any such rule. It
cannot, as I think, be the law of the land.
Butassoonas tlmtdecision was made, that such
was the effect of the treaty, then we have another
set of resolves from the State of Maine. Then
Maine came to the conclusion that she ought to
be paid for all these titles which she had released,
and that she ought not to release any more until
she was paid for doing it. I have here the reso-
lutions before me. Then it was that this claim
was set up by her agent for the persons who are
now before Congress asking payment for these
eight thousand acres of land and upwards, on
wfiich it is insisted they have an equitable pos-
sessory right under the other.branch of the fourth
article of the treaty. Now, sir, what was that?
I have shown it whs put in at the instance of the
State of Maine, and put in, as I understand, in
accordance with certain provisions of her statutes
in relation to these equitable possessory claims.
The Senator from Maine can say whether I am
