THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN 0. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.
Thirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Session.
SATURDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1859.
New Series.....No. '5..,- *
pendium of Mr. Helper's work. The Senator
from Georgia avowed nis willingness to retire from
the Senate, if others would do so, on the election
of Mr. Sherman to the Speakership. The Sen-
ator must pardon me; we all know he is a candi-
date for reelection, and it seems to me that this
expression of his readiness to go out of the Sen-
ate may have been thrown out to facilitate his
coming back.
Mr. IVERSON. No, sir; that is an insinu-
ation that it is not honorable in the Senator to
make. I was sincere. I am willing to go out
to-morrow, or ten years from this time. I would
march out if I had been elected but yesterday.
I utter no declaration in this Chamber that I
am not sincere in uttering, and no man shall
impute any dishonorable motive to me with im-
punity.
Mr. WILSON. Sir, this avowal of a willing-
ness to go out of the Senate on the election of a
gentleman of known and acknowledged moder-
ation, because he had placed his name to u recom-
mendation of a compendium to be made up out
of Mr. Helper's book—a book full of the most
valuable information, but containing a few phrases
which the gentlemen who signed that recom-
mendation would not approve, and which they
would doubtless disapprove and disavow on all
proper occasions 
Mr. IVERSON. Let me ask when and where
Mr. Sherman made any such disavowal?
Mr. WILSON. On the floor of the House of
Representatives he made an explanation to the ef-
fect that he did not know, when he signed it, what
was in it; and that statement, under the circum-
stances, is equivalent to a disavowal of the objec-
tionable phrases.
Mr. I vERSON. I do not so understand him.
He did not disavow the sentiments. He dis-
avowed knowing what they were. I have been
informed that he was expressly pressed to say
whether he knew the sentiments and disavowed
them; but he did not respond.
Mr. WILSON. Sir, the Senator from Virginia
[Mr. Mason] took exception the other day to
what I said with regard to the action of Governor
Wise. I said that, in my judgment, the action
of Governor Wise had tended to create something
of that feeling which existed in the free States.
And is it not so? The Charleston Mercury de-
nounces his action as a broad farce winch had
brought disgrace on the southern States. The
Mercury says:
" We are satisfied that every intelligent man in the South
has been completely disgusted at the brvcul and ■pathetic
furcc that has been played off before the public about the
hanging ot that homy villain,' Old Brown.' From the five
hundied invaders in possession of: Harper's Ferry, and the
one thousand negroes earned off to the mountains of Penn
syivania—from the further invasions and threats of invasion
—the arsons and fears of arson—the matches and counter-
marches of the ponies and cessations of ponies—Governor
Wise, the eneigetic, and his troops—down to the final
climax of military aid offered by Governor Gist, of South
Caiohna, to the Governor of Virginia, for the purpose of
making certain the aforesaid hanging of Old lhovvn & Co.
—it is a tissue of disgrace, exaggeration, and invention suffi-
cient to stir the gall of any southerner who has regard for
the dignity and responsibility of the southern people. To us
it really looks as if those in possession ot the telegraph
were in league to ridicule the South and make us a laughing
stock to owselves and before the world. We sincerely tiust
that our Legislature, which meets to-day, will beai this in
mind, and take no action whatever in regaid to ourselves
or our institution that may even have tile appearance of
being prompted by the Virginia farce and its terrorism.*'
If the acting of Governor Wise in this "broad
and pathetic larce," has excited emotions of dis-
gust m the bosom of "every intelligent man in
the South," was I not justified inlaying that his
conduct had excited emotions of ridicule and con-
tempt in the North?
We all know, the country knows, that his whole
life has been a life of agitation, that he is a getter
up of panics. In 1856, before the people of Rich-
mond ne declared that if Fremont was elected " a
dissolution of the Union was inevitable." He
talked of putting the militia on a war footing, and
in a letter written in September, he said—"to
speak plain, sir, I remain here hoping for the
best, preparing for tho worst.*' The Richmond
Enquirer said, after that election, that Governor
Wise had threatened the dissolution of the Union
for the purpose of arousing the conservative peo-
ple of the North and saving the Democratic party
and the Union.
I think, sir, it can be proved, if investigated,
that in 1856 Governor Wise and his confederates
organized a secret plan to seize Harper's Ferry
and the Norfolk navy-yard, and inaugurate re-
sistance in the event of Fremont's election. -Mr.
Corry, of Ohio, reports Mr. Banks, of Virginia,
as having said to him that—
<k The South would have dissolved the Union if Fremont
had been elected President of the United States; that Gov-
ernor Wise and the Virginia leaders were ready to take the
field—march on Washington, depose the Federal officers,
take the Tiea&ury, archives, buildings, grounds,&c.,declare
the Confederation de facto overthrown, and the Distiict to
have reveited to Virginia, the purpose for which she had
conveyed it having failed. He said the thing would have
been easy. There vveie thirty thousand men ready, twenty
thousand cavalry, sets of accoutennents, &c., &c. That
the public mind was sufficiently excited to overcome ail
domestic resistance, and that they could whip the North In
the fight. He seemed to be pe fectly cool and abstract in
these declarations, and without doubt implicitly believed
what lie said."
Sir, it may be our duty, in order to take steps
to secure the public property, to investigate this
action of Governor Wise, in 1856. Should that
investigation be instituted—and, sir, I am not sure
that duty to the country will not demand the in-
vestigation—it may appear that Governor Wise
has hung John Brown, in 1859, for attempting to
carry out a plan formed by him and his disunion
compeers in 1856. Threats arc now made of dis-
solving the Union in the event of the election of
a Republican in 1860, and legislation may be
demanded to protect the interests of the coun-
try against the machinations of baffled ambi-
tion.
Sir, I tell the Senator from Virginia, that the
conduct of Governor Wise throughout this whole
affair carries to the people of the country the idea
that he wanted to act a part, to create an excite-
ment, to get up a panic, to arouse and alarm the
people of the South, and to redeem his fallen for-
tunes. He never supposed that the encampment
of three thousand men at Charlestown was re-
quired. He clutched at the opportunity to make
a parade, to get up a bill of expenses, which he
hoped to pay out of the National Treasury. He
told us, m 1856, that they "would hew their bright
way through all opposing legions," and the
Charlestown telegraphers to the Baltimore Ameri-
can say, that he " had no sort of fear of a rescue;"
that, in reply to a gentleman, he said:
" He never had the least fear on the subject, but con-
sidered it the finest opportunity ever offered to put the State
in military training. I can now, he said, teach my boys
how to ciury biscuits in their knapsacks and to arrange
bullets, m their caitridge-boxes."
But I will detain the Senate no longer.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee, obtained the
floor.
Mr. CLAY. I wish to say something myself
in reply to what has fallen from the other side,
but the hour is late and I confess I am very much
fatigued; therefore, if the Senator from Tennes-
see will give way, I will move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Tennessee. Certainly.
CIIAPLAISS TO THE SENATE.
Mr. BIGLER. Before a motion to adjourn is
made, I wish to offer a resolution relating to the j
organization of the Senate, which ought to be j
passed. I
Resolved, That the President of the Senate be authorized |
and requested to invite such officiating clergymen of the I
District of Columbia as the office may be acceptable to, to ;
officiate as chaplains to the Senate during the present ses- '
sion, and in such alternation as may be agreeable to them.
Mr. WILSON. That resolution lies over, 1
suppose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If objection be
made.
On the motion of Mr. CLAY, the Senate then
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 8,1859.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. J. G. Butler.
The J ournal of yesterday was read and approved.
The CLERK. The question recurs on the
point of order, raised by the gentleman from A1-.
abama, [Mr. Houston,] and informally passed.'
over yesterday for the purpose of taking a vote,
that the demand for and second of the previous
question do not cut off debate. At the adjourn-
ment yesterday, the gentleman from Mississippi
[Mr. Davis] had the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Indiana. I rise to a point of
order. It is this: that discussion is out of order
until the question of order submitted by the gen-
tleman from Alabama is disposed of. I should be
much pleased to hear my friend from Mississippi,
address the House; but I think that the first thing
that should be done by us is to secure the speedy
organization of the House. I am constrained,
therefore, to insist upon the point of order made
by the gentleman from Alabama being now de-
cided.
The CLERK. The gentleman froA Indiana
raises the question of order that all discussion is
out of order pending the call for the previous
question. He insists that the Clerk shall decide
tho question. The Clerk will state that, in his
opinion, debate on tho call for the previous ques-
tion is out of order; but he does not make that
decision as an officer of this House. He has not
the power to do so; and, as the point is insisted
upon, he must submit it to the House for its de-
cision.
Mr. KILGORE. I ask my friend to withdraw
his objection to the gentleman from Mississippi
proceeding with his remarks. I thought yester-
day of making the same point, but I refrained
from doing so. I understand that the gentleman
from Mississippi and some others are anxious to
address the House; and I hope objection will be
withdrawn which prevents them from going on.
Mr. HOUSTON. Mr. Cleik, as I made the
point of order and the House adjourned to allow
me to look into the matter, it is proper that I
should now take some step for tho disposition of
that point. On an examination of the law I am
satisfied, as I was the evening I presented the
point of order, that, under parliamentary law,
every motion is debatable. A motion to adjourn,
or a call for the previous question, is debatable
under the parliamentary law; but debate on the
previous question must be confined by the pre-
siding officer, or the body itself, if they can do
so, strictly to the previous question itself. The
speaker cannot be permitted to go back to discuss
the merits, of the main proposition. That brings
up a point of relevancy of debate which has never
been enforced in this House. If the point of or-
der 1 have made is standing in the way of debate,
1 propose t'o withdraw it. Questions which arise
here are debatable; and it is utterly impossible,
under parliamentary law, to suppress debate on
them. 1 withdraw my point of order to allow
debate to go on.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine, took the floor.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. I do not yield
my right to the floor.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Maine. I do not wish
to take the floor from the gentleman from Mis-
sissippi. After he has finished what he desires
to say, I hope that then some gentleman will call
the attention of the House to the following para-
graph in Jefferson's Manual, page 79:
'' The only case whcie a member lias a right to insist on
anything, is where lie call- for the execution of a subsist
ing order of the House. Here, there having been already
a resolution, any person lias a right to insist that the
Speaker, or any otliei whose duty it is, shall carry it Into
execution; and no debate or delay can be had on it."
I would say that in this case there are a reso-
lution and an order of the House which have not
been rescinded. The order of the House, made
on the motion of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Phelps,] was, that tha House proceed to
