1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1085
ment, but with powers beyond impeachment, with all the
administrative powers of justice possessed by the judiciary
itself, what could it do in the Harper's Ferry case? Could
it try, at Washington, in the District of Columbia, crimes
committed in Jefferson county, in the State of Virginia,
and could it try them without ajury? But the Constitution
says, " The trial of all crimes, except in cases of impeach-
ment, shall be by jury; and such trial shall be held m the
State where the said crimes shall have been committed."
(The point of the undersigned, at this moment, not being
as to the nature of the proposed inquiries, but only as to the
mode, in reference to the rights of witnesses, he waives in
this place the question of the natuie of the inquiries.)
For the sake of the point in question, let us also waive
the right of trial by jury, and admit that m a case of crime
like the one under consideration, this honorable Senate,
sitting as a court-judicial with full powers, are conditioned
to try this case; and that, in view of the Constitution, they
are sitting in Virginia, instead of at Washington; under
this supposed condition of affairs, whatvvould.be my rights
as a witness ? What would be the rights of any and every
citizen of the United States not resident in the State of Vir-
ginia? Why clearly, the court, by some process, would be
under the necessity of going to the witness! It could not
compel any witness out of the State to come to it. For the
couit to attempt such a thing would be to so employ its func-
tions as to trample down natural rights that are guarantied
by the amendments to the Constitution. And thus it would
come to pass, by the safeguards of the Constitution, that
vice would have received protection, while vntuie was left
to suffer. I think no man can believe that sueli was the
intention of the framers of the Constitution.
summary.
The Constitution was oidained and established to secure
justice, liberty, tianquilhty, and the geneial welfare, &c.
In pursuance of which design, the Constitution estab-
lished a triune Government.
To carry out the design of the Constitution is the sepa-
rate puipose ot each department, and the common purpose
of all.
Lest the design of the Constitution should be defeated,
the people affixed their Bill of Ilights to it, called the amend-
ments to the Constitution.
The functions of Government are limited by the amend-
ments.
Coercive processes of every kind and for any purpose
are therein forbidden, save in connection with safeguaids,
that les-trictthe processes to localities and forms. Absence
of safeguards pi esumes absence of dangers; absence of dan-
gers presumes absence of power to beget them. In what-
ever department of Government the safeguards are not,
there is the presumption that power to inquire them is
wanting.
Where the liberties and privileges of the people are in-
volved, the bill determines what are and what are not
powcis incident to Government.
The Constitution having established both Government
and thd Bill of Rights in pursuance of a single design, no
antagonism between them is supposable.
The bill being an unambiguous declaration of the rights,
privileges, and immunities of the people; andthepoweisof
Government being subject alwaysto constipction and mis-
construction, the foimer must not be s-ubject to the latter.
The Government, in its essential nature and in the nature
of things being subordinate to the Bill ofRights, its powers
must always be construed m favor of the latter.
For people precedc Governments m the order of events,
but their rights originate with them.
Inasmuch, then, as Government cannot impair, but must
exercise its functions in harmony with the people's pro-
tecting summary of powers arid privileges, the mode and
the form of its invasion, to be constitutional, must be ex-
pressed and granted in the bill.
Hence, Government is concluded as to any "incident"
power, violative of the people's rights, privileges, and im-
munities, as secured to them by the Bill of Rights. Such
use of power must m the nature of the case be a usurpa-
tion, and a clear violation of aiticle tenth, of the amend-
ments. It is not possible that an incident" power of the
legislative branch of Government should be more extensive
than the expressed power*, of the judiciary.
The undersigned, having thus given his seasons for not
having appeared before the select committee of the honor-
able Senate, would respectfully answer the
Second interrogatory: " Are you now ready to appear
before said committee and answer such pioper questions as
shall be put to you bv said committee ?" as follows:
The undersigned has been always readv to voluntarily
appear at any time, and at any place, and before any com-
mittee of the honorable Senate, and is now ready, upon his
rights as a man and a citizen being respected, in accordance
with the people's Bill of Rights in the Constitution 01 his
country. He legards himself a-s a loyal citizen,true to the
Constitution because true to the people. Tosubmit to the
coercive piocesses of the Senate's honorable committee,
and by thu« doing, to acknowledge a power agam^t whose
usurpation Washington, Jefferson, Madison, and the fram-
ers of the Constitution warned and .nought to shield their
countrymen, would be an act on the part of the under-
signed for which he could find no justification before God
or men. He cannot do it; his judgment does notappiove
it; his conscience will not permit it.
All which i& dutifully and respectfully submitted.
Attest: W. F. M. Arny.
THADDEUS HYATT.
Washington County, District of Columbia, ss:
Personally appeared before the subscribers justice of the
peace in and for the county of Washington, District of Co-
lumbia. Thaddeus Hvatt, of the city of New Yoik, who,
bemg affn med according to law, acknowledged and declared
the idregomg, to which he has affixed his name and seal,
to be his answer to the interrogatories propounded to him
by the resolution of the United States Senate, adopted
March 6, 1860. Given under my hand and seal tins 9tli day
of Maich, in the year of our Lord I860.
[i,. s.] J THADDEUS HYATT.
Anirmed and subscribed before
JOHN I). CI-. AKK. Justice oj the Pcstce.
Mr. MASON. Mr. President, the Senate, at
an early period of its session, appointed a com-
mittee to investigate the late invasion anvd seizure
of the arsenal and public property at Harper's
Ferry, and of the facts and incidents connected
with it; and, as is always done on like occasions,
theSenategavepowertothatcommitteeto send for
persons and papers. In the course of the investi-
gation, among the witnesses summoned was Thad-
deus Hyatt, of the city of New York. The com-
mittee reported to the Senate that this witness did
not appear in pursuance of the summons; that he
failed and refused to appear. Upon that report
the Senate, as had been done in like cases in the
House of Representatives, there being no prece-
dent in the Senate that I could find, passed a reso-
lution directing the President of the Senate to issue
his warrant for the arrest of Thaddeus Hyatt.
He was arrested accordingly, in the city of Bos-
ton, by the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate, and
brought to the bar of the Senate. The Senate
then, in pursuance of the precedents of the House,
having none, as I have said, in this body of a like
character,by a resolution, directed the President
of the Senate to put to Thaddeus Hyatt two ques-
tions; and further directed that these questions
should be answered by him on a day given; which
was to-day, in writing and under oath. The ques-
tions were these:
" 1. What excuse have you for not appearing before the
select committee of the Senate, in pursuance of the sum-
mons served on you on the 24th day of January, 1860?"^
In answer to that question, the witness has put
in a paper, the substance of which is, as I have
heard portions of it read, a denial of the authority
of the Senate, in the case before the Senate, to
bring him before a committee for the inquiries pro-
posed by the previous order of the Senate. He
denies the authority of the Senate; and embodies
in his paper an argument which he declares, in the
answer, is the argument of his counsel. He as-
signs that as his excuse for not appearing before
the committee, the excuse being that, in his judg-
ment, the Senate had no power to bring him here.
So much for the first question. In answer to
the second question, which was:
"Are you now ready to appear before said committee,
and answer such propt-r questions as bhali be put to you by
said committee ?"
The witness replies briefly, with comparative
brevity at least, that he zs now, and has always
been, ready to appear before any committee of the
Senate, anywhere, provided his rights as acitizen
—I do not quote the language, but give my recol-
lection—arc respected. Upon its face the answer
is evasive, and intended to be so. The question
is: "Are you ready to appearand answer?" The
answer is in direct conflict with the report of the
committee, that he never did appear pursuant to
the summons. The answer is that he has always
been ready to appear; but he sedulously avoids
saying that he is ready to answer the questions
the committee shall put to him. That being the
case, I move that the Senate adopt the following
resolutions, which I have also taken from the pre-
cedent of the House of Representatives in a like
case.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
state that the motion before the Senate is the mo-
tion of the Senator from Louisiana to refer this
paper to the select committee. m
Mr. MASON. I suppose that is withdrawn
now.
Mr. BENJAMIN That motion was made for
thc«jpurpose of preventing the reading the paper
here, and allowing us to go on with our regular
business; but the paper having been read, of
course I withdraw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the resolutions offered by the Senator
, from Virginia.
] The Secretary read them, as follows:
! Whereas. Thaddeus Hyatt has failed satisfactorily to
j answer the'questions piopounded to him by order of tne
' Senate, and has not purged himself of the contempt with
! which he stands charged: Therefore,
1 Be it resolved, That the said Thaddeus Hyatt be com-
! muted by the Seigeant-at-Arms to the common jaii ot the
! District of Columbia, to be kept in close custody until he
! sicnifv his willingness to answer the questions pro-
\ pounded to him by the select committee of the Senate,
; ami all other leaal and proper questions that may be pro-
pounded to him by said committee; and, for the commit-
ment and detention of the said Thaddeus Hyatt, this reso-
lution shall he a sufficient wauant. .
Res&lved, That whenever the officer having the said X had-
deus Hyatt in custody shall be informed by said Hyatt that
he is ready and willing to answer the proper and legal ques-
tions that may be propounded to him by the said committee,
it shall be the duty of such officer to deliver the said Thad-
deas Hyatt over to the Sergeant-at-Arins of- the Senate,
whose duty it shall be to take the said Hyatt immediately
before the committee before which he was summoned to
appear, for examination, and to hold him in custody subject
to the further order of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the- adoption of the resolutions.
Mr. HALE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. HALE. I wish to'aslc a single question
of the chairman. I see that the warrant is gen-
eral; it is a detention without any limitation of
time. I suppose if we had any power to commit
him, the power would only exist during the ses-
sion of tne Senate. Does the chairman of the
committee so understand the powers of the Sen-
ate?
Mr. MASON. The Senate is a continuous
body. It always is in existence, not always in
session; and if tne witness refrained from answer-
ing the questions, I'presume, under that order of
the Senate, unless before the adjournment some-
thing be done with him, he will remain in custody.
Mr. WIGFALL. A habeas corpus would settle
the question, if any difficulty should arise.
Mr. HALE. I think suggesting a habeas cor-
pus to a prisoner that is under such a warrant as
that, wTith such a judiciary as we have here, would
be adding (if anyhody else but a Senator had said
it) insult to injury.
Mr. DOOLfTTLE. Mr. President, this ques-
tion to me, I confess, up to the time that the little
discussion took place the other day, was entirely
new, and for one, I am not now prepared to vote
to say that I believe that, under the Constitution
of the United States, we have the power to im-
prison a witness if he docs not come forward vol-
untarily and testify as to any facts within his
knowledge, jpconfess that, up to the time thai
question was raised, it did not occur to my mind,
knowing that legislative bodies had been in the
habit of appointing committees and sending for
persons and papers. For myself, sir, I should
desire that the decision of the question might be
postponed till Monday next, before I am called
on to vote.
Mr. SEWARD. "Will the Senator give way
for a motion to adjourn ? I move that the Senate
adjourn. ["Oh, no I"] *
Mr. CLINGMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the motion to adjourn^ I think we had
better end this question now. v
Mr. MASON. Before that is done, I ask the
Senator to withdraw the motion. We must make
some disposition, I.presume, of the witness, in the .
meantime.
Mr. SEWARD. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. MASON. If the Senate do not act upon
the resolutions which I offered this evening, there
must be an order, I presume, in the usual course,
to remand him to the custody of the Sergeant-at-
Arms.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to suggest to gen-
tlemen that it is hardly advisable to push this
matter too fast. If I were prepared myself fully
to vote upon the subject, I would make no sug-
gestion in relation to it; but one Senator on this
side of the Chamber says he is not prepared to
vote now, and that he wishes further time for de-
liberation, I will say to Senators that, in the
course of the short examination I have been able
to give to this question, I have been led to entertain
some doubt myself in reference to the power of
the Senate. I wish further time to examine and
deliberate upon that subject. There can be no
very particular reason for ending it now more than
at any other time.
Mr. CLINGMAN. I beg leave to say that I
took it for granted that the Senate had made up
its mind on the question. It is one that has been
so much discussed generally in legislative bodies,
and was so much discussed in the House of Rep-
resentatives in the case referred to, that I took it
for granted every Senator had an opinion on it;
and iny object was simply to have a vote at this
time—nothing beyond that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say to Senators,
that so far as my examination has gone, the sub-
ject has not heretofore been presented exactly m
the shape in which it now comes before the Sen-
I ate. The proceedings in the House of Repre-
