66
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 8,
the election of a Speaker. There is, besides, a
law of Congress which operates as a standing
order for this House, under which any member
has the right to demand that the order of the
House shall be executed without debate and
without delay.
Mr. HOUSTON. The gentleman wholly mis-
conceives the paragraph which he has read. It
is applicable after the main question has been or-
dered., If the vote of the House had been taken
upon ordering that the mainquestionbenowput,
then the paragraph read by the gentleman would
apply. It is true, that debate is not then in order;
but, pending the demand for the previous ques-
tion, and before the House has seen fit to order
the main question to be put, debate is in order.
Upon that the Manual is distinct and clear. I
find, by examination of Cushing's Manual of Par-
liamentary Law and Practice, that my view on
this subject is fully sustained. In order, how-
ever, to obviate difficulties that might occur to the
progress of this debate, I withdraw my point of
order.
The CLERK. The gentleman from Alabama
withdraws his point of order. Does the gentle-
man from Indiana withdraw the point that ho has
made ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I understand the question
to be upon the point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from Indiana, [Mr. Davis,] and that the
Clerk has stated to the House that, as presiding
officer of this House pro tempore, he has no right
to decide that point. In that view I certainly can-
not concur; and I deem it to be my duty to rise to
a point of order upon that ruling. I think that it
is, clcarly and manifestly, the duty of the Cleik,
as the pro tempore presiding officer of this House,
acting under parliamentary law, in the first in-
stance, as incident to his position, to decide ques-
tions of order as they arise, subject, of course, to
an appeal from his decision to the House itself.
In order that we may have the question decided,
I make my point of order. If he decides agiunst
it, then I will take an appeal to the House, if he
docs not decide it, then I ask that the question be
submitted to the IIousu.
Mr. DAVIS, of Mississippi. Have I the right
to proceed? !
The CLERK. The gentleman from Indiana !
lias raised the question of'order that, pending tht- I
call for the previous question, debate jy not in >
order. The Clerk has intimated That, und< r par-
liamentary law, no debate is now in order. He does
not decide the question, but submits it to the
House for its decision; for according to his con-
struction of his powers, as defined m the Manual,
and according to the unhersal piaotire of Cleiks
of the House under like circumstances, he has no
power to decide questions of order. He has only
the power to submit them to the House for its
decision, which he now proposes to do. The
Clerk, from the fact of Ins conviction, and from
the further fact that the practice of the House
under like circumstances agree?! with that convic-
tion, does not feci at liberty to reverse that prac-
tice. The gentleman from Tennessee now raises
a point of order, and asks the Clerk to decide one
way or the other, from which decision, if against
him, he proposes to take an appeal. |
Mr. BURNETT. Can two points of order be j
entertained nt tho same time ? And is there any |
precedent for a call for the previous question on a j
point of order? I
Mr. MA YNARD. May I be permitted to refer i
the Clerk of the House to certain proceedings, |
handed to me by a gentleman near me, which |
occurred on the 26tli of December, on the organi- i
zation of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, in 1855. j
I find that the following proceedings art* recorded
upon the Journal:
"Pending which, Mr. Giddings fiibiniited as a question
of order that it was not pomp^tont to lake a rej-ess ponding
the demand for the previous question. The Cleik decided
that a motion 10 take au^swas m order; from which
decision ot' the Clerk, Mr. Giddin'us took an appeal/'
The fact which I wish to bring to the notice of
the Clerk and of the House is, that the then presid-
ing officer tookit upon himself as apart of his duty
to decide questions of order as tlicy arose, and
that he did so decide. There was no appeal taken
from the exercise of the power of the Clerk, but it
was taken from the decision made.
The CLERK. The Clerk will state to the gen-
tleman from Tennessee and to the House, that
his attention has been heretofore called to that
particular instance, but an examination of the
proceedings of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, to
which the gentleman has alluded, shows very
clearly that the Clerk, while he suggested to mem-
bers of the House, when points of order were
raised, what his opinion of parliamentary law
was, in no instance claimed the right to make a
final decision. That was the only question de-
cided during a contest of nine weeks from which
an appeal was taken.
Mr. MAYNARD. Did not the House acqui-
esce in that dccisjon?
The CLERK. The House did not sustain an
appeal from that decision; but an examination of
the subsequent proceedings in that contest will
show that the House did not acquiesce in it. The
Clerk himself did not undertake to decide for the
House questions as they arose, though the prac-
tice was to suggest his opinion of what was the
parliamentary law; and, if the House was satis-
lied, nothing was said in reference to it. When
his opinion was called for, he said the Clerk had
no power to decide questions; and that, if insist-
ed upon, the question should be referred to the
House.
Mr. McCLERNAND. This same question
arose, in 1839, in the New Jersey contest, which
occupied the attention of this House for a consid-
erable length of time. After a full discussion of
the question at that time, in which discussion
Governor Wise and other distinguished gentle-
men took part, it was decided that the Clerk had
no power whatever, not being a legislative officer,
to dccidc any question of order which might arise
in the House during the organization. 1 refer
gentlemen to the proceedings had at that time.
The CLERK. The question before the House
is, is it the duty of the Clerk, under the circum-
stances, to decide questions of order which arise
at this time?
Mr. COX. Upon that question I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MILLSON. As the yeas and nays have
' been mdored, I desire to say a brief word or two,
m the hope that I may be able to protect thecon-
sfitulional dignity of this House, in the decision
which has been invoked from the House itself.
The proposition of the gentleman from Tennessee
[Mr. Mayn-vrd] involves the anomaly that the
House of Representatives, as a legislative depart-
| ment of the Government, can be" presided over,
| can be controlled by a private citizen not elected
! by any constituency, but who was once chosen
by a former House as one of its subordinate
officers. Why, sir, I hope the House will not
sully its Journal with the solecism of an appeal
j from the decision of Mr. Allen, of Illinois. I
j speak this, of course, in no spirit of discourtesy
i towards the worthy and respectable Clerk of this
J House, whom I have the honor to recognize as j
j my friend. But, sir, the House of Representatives !
i is greater than any man. The combined weight j
' and respectability of this constitutional body
greatly exceed the respectability or weight of
anyone citizen of this Confederacy. The Clerk
is not the presiding officer of this House in any
sense of the word. When the Clerk puts a ques-
tion to the House, it is the House putting a ques-
tion to itself, selecting its own officer as its or-
gan. When the Clerk propounds a question to
this House, he has no more control over the House,
and exercises no other function than the reading
Clerk when he cails the yeas and nays. It is the
House calling the roll, through its own c'mpomted
client. No man can preside over the House of
Repiescntatives who is not a member of the House
of Representatives. It is in this respect that we
differ from the Senate of the United States, over
which, by the Constitution, the Vice President of
the United States is appointed to preside. The
mistake has originated altogether from the conve-
nient usage of permitting, by the sufferance of the
House, the Clerk of the former House to propound I
questions, for, m the absence of any other con- j
stituted agent, there must be some ono to address
the House; but the person so speaking is not a
part of the House, but simply the mouth-piece
of the House. And I submit to gentlemen, if
they would protect the.dignity of this body, that
they would never consent to regard the Clerk in
any other light than as one who, for convenience
sake, is permitted to propound questions to the
House, just as the reading Clerk is permitted, for
convenience sake, to call the names of members
when the yeas and nays are ordered.
Mr. GROW. Mr. Clerk, I concur fully with
the remarks of the gentleman from Virginia. I
am not in favor of violating the express law of
Congress under any supposed exigency that may
exist; and while that law is plain and explicit—
that before proceeding to any other business the
oath of office must be administered to the Speaker
and by him to the members—I am opposed to
doing any other business until that be accom-
plished. Under the parliamentary law, and by
the plain words of the act of Congress—the first
act passed on the subject by Congress—you have
no authority to do anything else. This proposi-
tion is to adopt rules. That is the amount of it;
for you make it a rule for our government. If
you can do this, you can adopt a whole code of
rules; and if you can do that, you can go on with
any other business, in the very face of that law of
Congress. In addition to that, I agree with the
remark of the gentleman from Virginia that no
one can preside over this body save a Represent-
ative sent here by his constituency. To author-
ize the Clerk to preside would be against all
precedent; against all parliamentary law; against
the plain express words of the statute; and I am
unwilling to violate either for any supposed exi-
gency of the time. Let us elect a Speaker, and
then proceed to other business.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 always regret to be com-
pelled to differ in opinion on any subject with my
friend from Virginia, for whom I have learned to
entertain so high respect; and I may be permitted
to remark, as I pass on to consider the objections
which he has urged here, that I was very sorry
the other day, when he saw fit to address to the
House what appeared to be some well-timed re-
marks, to see that they were met by gentlemen
on the opposite side of the House only with the
laughter of derision and mockery. It is true, so
far as I have observed, that those who thus
laughed were the new members of the House, and
had not learned—as we who have been here longer
have learned—to respect that small attenuated
figure that was then on the floor. I say, that I
am sorry that I am obliged to differ in opinion
with that distinguished gentleman; but 1 most
ccrtainly do.
He says that Mr. James C. Allen, of Illinois,
ought not to preside over the House and decide
j rules of order for it. With due respect I beg to
be permitted to tell him that I know no such gen-
tleman here. It is not Mr. Allen, as I under-
stand, who is temporarily the presiding officer of
the House; it is the Clerk of the last House who,
by law, is placed for the time being as the pre-
siding officer over this unorganized body; who is
placed there for the very purpose of giving it or-
ganization; who is placed therewith the power
of general parliamentary law in his hands to exer-
cise, and who is, to all intents and purposes, the
presiding officer of the House so long as it remains
in its present inorganic condition. When that
organization shall be effected by a selection of a
gentleman of our own body as the Speaker and
presiding officer, the Clerk then becomes for that
purpose functus officio; but till that time he is,ea;
vi termini, compelled to be the presiding officer of
the House; and like any other presiding officer
he must, under the parliamentary law, exercise
the powers which that law confers upon him and
clothes him with. One of these poweis is to de-
cide questions of order as they arise; and unless
practically he decides these questions—although
lie may not formally do it—the wheels of business
would be blocked and we could not go forward a
single step. He is, unconsciously perhaps, de-
ciding questions of order continually. He does
so in giving the floor to this or the other member;
in asking a member's permission to allow an in-
terruption, and in many other ways which I need
not instance. I speak not here of the question of
convenience. But I simply ask gentlemen to con-
sider what we are to do here, without any au-
thority except the mere power of the majority to
decide questions as they arise, and as they con-
stantly will arise, perhaps for as long a time as in
the Thirty-Fourth Congress, without any pre-
siding officer, and without any one to regulate the
business and give the body substance.
Mr. GROW. Let me read to the House this
clause of the law, entitled an " Act to regulate
