1860.
TB® CONGRESSIONAL G-LOBli
of which was cut off before that, could bring this
claim within the provisions of the treaty, while
the land might be within the treaty, the timber
would not be, because it was cut off before. So,
Mr. President, I think the Senator from Maine
will discover why it was that the commissioner
who went there and examined into the facts re-
ported what was the value of the timber, how it
was cut, and reported, also, the value of the land.
It will be seen that one is a private claim entirely;
there can be 110 dispute about that—I mean that
portion of it which provides for paying for the
cutting of the timber; and that the other portion
has just as little pretensions iu it, when it comes
to be examined, to be brought within the terms
of the fourth article of the treaty.
But, sir, the whole of this matter strikes me as
having been a very singular one. Here were
these parties, the claimants, and parties cutting
timber off their land and occupying it,-and they
resort to no means to oust them—no means to re-
cover damages. They suffer them to hold the
land; they suffer them to cut the timber; and the
thing goes on from year to year. In 184^ the
treaty is made. In 1843 the State of Maine,
through her supreme court, placed a construction
upon it; which construction was, that this treaty
applied only to public lands, and not to those of
private parties. Nobody supposed so; and it was
not until 1854 that this decision was made, and
then this claim was setup. What were the parties
to the claim—the parties in interest—doing all
this time ? What weia they doing after 1839? It
is said there were some diplomatic arrangemen ts,
as the Senator from Rhode [aland says, which
prevented the State of Maine from interfering, up
to 1839, but they did not prevent these parties
from interfering up to 1839. But_suppose they
did; suppose the authorities of Maine would not
suffer them to bring any suit or prosecute any
claim for the timber, or for the land itself; those
of us who are familiar with this matter know
very well that in 1839 Maine determined to put
ail end to this state of things, and she si.nta mili-
tary foice into the disputed teiritory and expelled
the authorities of the piovince of New Biuuswiek.
She saw they were getting possession of the whole
land, and cutting the timber off it, and she went
then' determined to assert her rights. Well, sir,
after that, these parties had a right to sue. Did
they take any steps? No; they sutlered this
thing to go on until the treaty was made. I have
shown what construction was put upon that treaty
by Mr. Webster,and by the authorities of Maine.
Up to 1854 we never lieaid a whisper that these
claimants under the grant had the least title to
their land, or that these squatters had any claim
whatever that would be respected. If respected
at all, it must have been by some statute of lim-
itations in the State of Maine, and rights accruing
under that statute, if there be any such statute,
by virtue of the laches and neglect ot the real
owners and claimants of this property. But they
slept upon their lights until alter 1854, when this
case T)f Watson and Little was derided. Then
suddenly a new light burst upon them,and burst
upon the State ot Maine.
Now, after having received $150,000 as a com-
pensation to her for the making of this boundary;
after having a stipulation put into it to protect her
citizens ill New Brunswick, and their property
under grants or possessory claims there; after
having a provision that she shall be paid for all
the expenses incurred in that Aroostook war;
after having a farther provision that the expense
of all these surveys for carrying out the treaty
and making these releases should be pa.id; when
this decision is made, we hear of a claim of the
Slate of Maine against the Government. She is
to be paid for these lands she lias given up, ana
for which, I think, she has already been paid ; and
she will not release the titles further of the lands
which she has, unless this Government will agree
to reimburse her; and furthermore, through her
a<*ent, prefers a claim to be reimbursed for prop-
erty which it is alleged was taken from her citi-
zens, or the citizens of Massachusetts, out of these
grants that I have spoken of, by the operation
and by the virtue of the fourth article of that treaty.
Why, sir, the whole thing will not bear examin-
ation; but the Senate will see it is a complicated
matter, and requires a good while to look into it
and understand it. It is purely a claim of a pri-
vate character. I think even in that respect it
has no merit at all. I shall vote against it upon
its merits, and much more will I vote against it
here upon the point of order; for I think, with
the little experience I have in the Senate, that it
is a bad practice to put riders of this kind on the
appropriation bills, in order that bad claims may
be dragged through Congress.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I rise, Mr. President, to
discharge a very disagreeable duty; and that is,
to say a few words upon this subject. I do
not suppose what I shall say will have any effect
one way or the other, because I perceive that
hardly anybody, except myself, has listened to
to the honorable Senator from North Carolina;
and it shows, therefore, the little interest that is
taken in this matter, or else that everybody has
made up his mind. While I say this, I say the
remarks of the honorable Senator were exceed-
ingly well worth listening to; for he has appeared
to make out a case to those who do not know the
other side.
I was not desirous, sir, that this proposition
should be put upon this bill at all. It is a matter
in which the State of Maine, as a State, has no
interest. It is a matter in which I feel none, ex-
cept as I feel interested in all cases where persons
have rights which they wish to enforce. I would
rather it had not been offered; but under the di-
rection of those having charge of it, it has been
offered, and being so, knowing, as I think I do,
the true state of tile case, it becomes my duty to
reply.
The question lies in a very narrow compass.
Itisnotexceedingly complicated atall. Itiseasily
understood by those who will give attention to it.
The Senator from North Carolina will permit me
to say that three Committees on Claims, or rather
the Committees on Claims of the Senate for three
Congresses have had this matter under delibera-
tion; and the Senator is the only man in the whole
number, from beginning to end, who ever had a
particle of doubt about the perfect correctness
and propriety of the claim itself; and his doubt
did not arise, I suspect, until he read a report
made in the House of Representatives the other
day by a minority of the committee of the fipuse.
Mr. BRAGG. Will the Senator allow me a
word just there ?
Mr." FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. BRAGG. It was that very thing which
the Senatormcntions, that therehad been so many
reports in favor of this matter,that rather induced
me to give a reluctant assent to the report which
was made during the present session. The Sen-
ator from Rhode Island knows very well that I
had many doubts about it. The papers were re-
ferred to him. There was a report made upon
it to the committee, and I really nad not the time,
nor did I know very well at that time how to in-
vestigate it; but I had many doubts, and it was
with many misgivings that 1 gave my assent to
it. Subsequent invi stigation, 1 admit, superin-
duced in a great degree by the report of the mi-
nority of the committee of the House, to which
the Senator has referred, and subsequent investi-
gation which I have undertaken to make for my-
self, has satisfied me that the claim has no merit
whatever. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator is fortunate,
and his mind must be a peculiar one. He has
come to a conclusion, on a matter upon which
three committees of this Senate have been unan-
imous, with the exception of himself, that it is a
claim that has no merit whatever,^not even the
appearance of a case about it. Now, that can
only be accounted for on the supposition  
Mr. BRAGG. I mean as against this Govern-
ment. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well. The claim
is not made against anybody else. I am afraid
the Senator from North Carolina has the peculiar
characteristic of being easily convinced that there
is no merit in any claim against this Government.
I believe it is a North Carolina trait that has al-
ways existed, and that the representation of that
idea is fully kept up, never to be convinced that
a claim for money against this Government can
have any merit in it, unless it comes from North
Carolina. That is always an exception.
Mr. BRAGG. Allow me to say one word just
there. We bring no claims from North Carolina.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not now. I am aware
of that. Perhaps that makes the Senator more
easily convinced that there can be no claim from
any other quarter justly .^However, I will not im-
pute that to all gentlemen from N orth-Cartlmav
but evidently it is a characteristic of the honor-*-
able Senator from North Carolina, wlio has- been
speaking on this subject, ably I confess. How-
ever, sir, this is all said in good nature.
Mr. BRAGG. Certainly. . . - . •••'
Mr. FESSENDEN. What I have to say with
regard to this amendment shall be in compara-'
tively a few words. There was a long .pending;
controversy with reference to the eastern bound-
ary of this country. The States particularly,illr ■
teres ted in this question were-the States pf .Mas-
sachusetts and Maine; Massachusetts on account
of property owned, Maine on account of.propei-ty :
and jurisdiction. And allow me to say that whatr; -
ever claim Maine may have, or may preitend to
have, she lias none under this bill-, and she does-
not stand in the same relation that these claimants
do. There is no danger, therefore,.of-the.^rece- .
dent. Collisions arose. The Governments were-
likely to get into war on account of these collin-,
ions between the people of the State of Maine and -
the people of the British province ofNew Brims-'
wick. Under that state of things, there being dan-
ger of a collision and subsequent war, the United
j States and Great Britain made an arrangement
' that, for a time, there should be a cessation of the
exercise of jurisdiction over that disputed terri-
tory. In consequence of that, an application was
made to Maine to forbear to.exercise jurisdiction. -
She did so; and, in consequence of that, large
amounts of timber were taken by, trespassers, as.-
well from private lands as well as from the ex-
tensive public lands belonging to Maine and Mas-
sachusetts. We went on for several years, until,_
at last New Brunswick put an armed force in tile
territory, and undertook to exercise jurisdiction.
Maine then interfered at once with reference; to
the matter, and a collision took place. There
was no serious fisrhting, but a difficulty which
was finally suspended by the interference of this
Government.
Under tlnit state of things, in order to settle this
difficulty once for all, tins treaty of 1842 was
made, here m the city of Washington. As the
Senator says, the matter could not result in a
S cession of any part of the teiritory of a State
' claimed by her and really belonging to her, ex-
cept with the assent of the State herself. The
United States had repeatedly, oyer and over
ao-a.ii), recognized the right of Maine to all this
territory. She had recognized it by her public
acts in every possible way. There was, in ide-
ality, no great dispute about the title. Under the
circumstances of the case, to prevent this con-
stant collision, and with a view of settling the
matter once for all, she applied to Maine and
Massachusetts to give their assent to a negotia-
tion with a view to fix the line of boundary, per-
haps changing the original treaty line, and that
resulted in this treaty.
Now, sir, Maine sent commissioners herc>ana
so did Massachusetts. What was the result of
it, so far as this was concerned? Maine had no
right, nor had Massachusetts any right, to under-
take to cede the property of individuals, fehe
could only give her assent to the change of the
line of boundary, and she could only give her
consent to parting with property which belonged
to her. That resulted m this fifth article qf the
treaty. What does the fifth article of the treaty
say ? After speaking of several other things, it
says:
" And farther," the General Government agrees "topay
and satisfy said States respectively for all claims for ex-
penses incurred by them m protecting the said
i (UMKited teiruoiwand making a survey thereof m ltws ; tiie
; Government ofih'c United Stales agreeing with the States
of Maine and Massachusetts to pay tliern the further sum
of £300,000, in equal moieties-,on account ot their absent to
thc'line of houndarj doaeubed in this treaty, and ^ consid-
eration of the conditions and equivalents received therefor
from the Government of her lititannic majesty.
The Senator does not understand what the last
clause means, because he has not alluded to it.
The line of the forty-fifth parallel through the
States of New Hampshire, and Vermont, and
New York, had been run, but had been incor-
rectly run. We had built a fortification, as the
Senator from Mississippi well knows, at Rouse's
Point. It was an important post. We claimed
to hold it; but on account of the incorrect run-
ning of the line, that was found to fall in the prov-
ince of Canada, and not in the State of New York.
