2976
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14.
Therefore, while there was a change of the line of
boundary on Ihe east against the States of Maine
and Massachusetts, there was a change of'the
line of boundary, on the north in favor of the
States of New Hampshire and Vermont and New
York-, and the Government of the United States
benefited by it. In consideration of that, and the
cession of jurisdiction and territory by the two
States, which took away from those States about
three million acres of land, the United States
agreed to pay to these States, for these things and
these equivalents, the sum of §300,000—a very
small sum, as everybody said. It was a matter
of notoriety, at the time, that Maine and Massa-
chusetts had been most generous to the United
States, and very hardly used in the treaty.
That having1 been done, the money was paid;
and now what is the argument of the Senator?
That in consideration oftnat$300,000paidto those
States for their giving; up their land and chang-
ing the line to enable the Government of the Uni-
ted States to receive benefitmanotherquarter^for
the cession of all this land, nothing was to be paid
to any private individuals who might suffer; or if
there were anydamages, that they were included,
and wereunderstood to be included, in the amount
thus paid to the States. There never was a greater
mistake in the world, and the position has not the
shadow of a leg to stand upon. The language of
the treaty is against it; the facts of the treaty arc
against it; everything is against it. The language
is, to pay these States for what they have given
tip in consideration of the equivalents which the
United States gained in other quarters.
Mr. BRAGG. Now, will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly; just as much
as you please.
Mr. BRAGG. That provision in relation to the
titles given by the respective Governments was to
operate reciprocally.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not come to that.
I am talking about the $300,000, and what it was
paid for.
Mr. BRAGG. Those equitable claims also.
All the titles Maine had granted which fell on the
side of New Brunswick were recognized, and so
were all that fell on the side of Maine, because
Maine herself had made the suggestion that the
provision should be reciprocal.
Mr.TOOMBS. I should like to know, from the
Senator from Maine, what did the United States
get?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The United States, in the
first place, settled the controversy. They got the
change of line on the north. It had been run
incorrectly, and in our favor. By the line as it
was originally run, wc had gone north of the
forty-fifty parallel, and took a strip all along on
the north part of Maine, New Hampshire, and
New York, including Rouse's Point, on which
we built a fortification on the supposition that it
was within our line; but which being found, on
critical examination, to belong to Great Britain,
Great Britain agreed to the correctness of that
original running north of the forty-fifth parallel,
and established it as the line so far as it had been
actually run; thus giving up the post at Rouse's
Point. This is a matter of notoriety.
Mr. TOOMBS. But what did the United States
get? I have never been able to find out of what
advantage it was to any one, except to the State
of Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The State of Maine de-
rived no advantage. I think the Senator will
concede that. We lost three million acres of ter-
ritory, in the first place. The Senator shakes
his head. It is a matter of public notoriety; every-
body knows it. I could show it by presenting
the map. Maine had that cut off from her terri-
tory. The United States got a settlement of the
question, which was a question of very consider-
able difficulty.
Mr. TOOMBS. Was it not a benefit to Maine
to settle it ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. She had to pay for the
settlement, by losing her territory. She is a front-
ier State, to be sure, but the United States is
bound to protect her—bound to protect her in the
possession of all her territory; in the possession
of all her property; in the possession of all her
rights. She settled the question on the east and
on the north. The United States got the fortifi-
cation.
Mr. TOOMBS. I did not know that the gen-
tleman acknowledged that the United States were
bound to protect all property in the States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator understands
very well what I mean. We will not go into the
argument of the slavery or the territorial question
just now. There is hardly a necessity for it, un-
less the Senator desires it. Well, sir, it is-very
clear that it does not come under that provision.
Then, in relation to the other provision—the dis-
puted territory fund. The Senator from North
Carolina has made the mistake of seeing no dif-
ference between what Maine was negotiating for
in reality, in relation toherselfasaState,and this
claim, which is a claim of individuals. All the
equivalents that Maine received were to herself,
for what she parted with; and she made these
agreements, and was to be paid for what she had
lost. In regard to this disputed territory fund, as
it was called, it was to be received for what she
had lost from her public land. She made no ne-
gotiations in that article, with reference to indi-
viduals, one way or another. I grant the Senator,
that the question did not arise at that time, in the
negotiations, how far this would affect private
grants which had been made before; but that
question arose afterwards, and arose in conse-
quence of what was afterwards decided to be the
meaning of the treaty to a certain extent; but the
Senator well knows that this fund has never been
collected by the Government; and the reason why
it has never been collected by the Government of
the United States, whose duty it was tocollectit,
was, that there was nothing to collect, in point of
fact; it turned out to be nothing. The fund had
been expended; nola cent has been paid for any-
thing of the kind, and never will be. There is
nothing of the kind there; so that may just as
well be laid out of the question. Under that state
of things, the matter went off, so far as Maine was
concerned, with reference to those $300,000. That
was all right. Nobody made any other claim under
it. Then we come to the fourth article; and the Sen-
ator admits that Maine would not agree to part
with her right for $150,000 until this very article
was mude to protect the grants. What is this
provision of the fouith article?
" All grants of land heretofore made by either party with-
in tho limits of.the territory which, by thin treaty, falls
within the dominions of the other party, shall be hehi valid,
ratified, and confirmed to the persons in possession under
Mich granih, to the Mime extent as if such teintory had by
tins treaty fallen within the dominions of the party by
whom such grants were made."
How did that question arise ? Maine and Mas-
sachusetts claimed to a certain line existing on
the face of the earth, or an imaginary line, if you
please. They granted up to it in certain cases.
New Brunswick, on the contrary, contended that
the line was much further west, and she granted
up to the line as she claimed it to be. The per-
sons to whom these States respectively granted
went on to take possession under their grants.
Now, then, when you come to settle what the line
is, which was not settled according to the preten-
sions of Maine or New Brunswick either, but by
a conventional line, it became necessary to pro-
vide for these grants, and therefore this provision
was put in that way—all grants made by either of
these parties on either side of that line to be rec-
ognized,and valid, and confirmed; and Maine
went to work immediately, and confirmed such
grants as she had made, where they were upon
the public territory, and so far as she could con-
firm them.
Another provision was put in. Men had gone
on and taken possession on both sides of the line
to a certain extent, and were in possession; and
then came this next clause: "and all equitable
; possessory claims arising from a possession and i
: improvement;" that is, where persons had taken :
1 possession and improved and held themselves to
be the owners "of any lot or parcel of land," it
was common to go on under an agreement to con-
vey when a certain amount of money was paid;
no title was granted, but there was an agreement
that there should be when certain payments were
made;
" And all equitable possessory claims arising from a pos-
session and improvement of any lot or parcel of land by the
person actually m possession, or by those under whom
such person claims, lor more than six years befoie the date
of this treaty, shall m like manner be deemed valid, and
be confirmed and quieted by a release to the person en-
titled thei eto, of the title to such lot or parcel of land, so de-
scribed as best to include the improvements made thereon j
and in all other lespects the two contracting parties agree
to deal upon the most liberal principles of equity with the
settlers actually dwelling upon the territory falling to them*
respectively, which has lieietofore been in dispute between
thcm.,}
Now, there I dispose of what made the Sena-
tor's last point. Where they have been in pos-
session six years, they shall be absolutely quieted
by a release. Where they may not have been
quite six years, but are in actual possession, and
have made improvements, they shall be dealt with
on the most liberal principles and equity by both
parties. That is the provision. Now, then, the
report says that most of these settlers had been
there over six years; and the rest of them, if not
quite six years, so near it that the equity was
about the same, and that they ought to be puton
the same grounds. That is the answer to the
Senator. That is precisely the position in which
it stands.
The State of Maine having confirmed all her
grants,went to work to see what possessory titles
there were to the public lands. She made the ex-
amination, and had a report; and she did under-
stand, unquestionably, at that time, according to
her resolutions, that all she had to look after—and
she understands now that all she had to look after
—was the grants that had been made on the pub-
lic lands, and the cases of possession and improve-
ment on the public lands of the State. But then
came up another question, the question that is now
pending here; and to that question I will .call the
attention of the honorable Senator from Missis-
sippi, as I see that lie is giving me his ear.
Nothing had been said up to this time except
with regard to public lands—that is to say,lands
granted by the States out of the public domain on
each side, and the possessions and improvements
held on each side. Pievious to this difficulty aris-
ing, many years ago Massachusetts had granted
several townships of land lying upon this border
to privateindivianals. Amongothers, she granted
a township of land to Williams College, in Mas-
sachusetts. When this new line was run—this
conventional line, as agreed to by the two Gov-
ernments—it cut through that township with oth-
ers. That township had passed into the posses-
sion of a gentleman by the name of Little, known
personally to the Senator from Mississippi. He
held itatthatperiod. Thegrant was made unques-
tionably before 1800 by the State of Massachu-
setts. Subsequently, the province ofNew Bruns-
wick made grants extending over this township;
and on the part which the conventional line left
in Maine, there were some settlers holding under
grants from New Brunswick.
Mr. Little commenced his action against them.
They had made improvements; the farms were
valuable. They had been in possession—they
took possession, occupied and improved. He
claimed that he had a right to recover. The
land for which he sued was on our side. The
New Brunswick grantees had come on our side
of the conventional line, and Mr. Little brought
an action in our courts against a man named
Watson, to recover possession. He claimed the
whole farm, because this person being a foreigner,
and a mere squatter there, he contended, so far as
our laws were concerned, he had no right, under
any possession or improvement, or anything of
the kind, but that he himself had a right to recover
the land. It was valuable; but when the action
was brought by Mr. Little in the supreme court
of the State of Maine, that court at the head of
which, allow me to say to the Senator from North
Carolina, was a distinguished judge—Chief Jus-
tice Shepley—as much so perhaps as any judge
of any State court in the Union, a very learned
and very able man, and the other judges being
men of learning also—decided that, under the
fourth article of the treaty, the property held by all
settlers under New Brunswick on this side of the
line, vested under the treaty directly in those who
held it. Why ? It was not a question of priority
of grants, as the Senator supposes—whether the
grant was first made by Massachusetts, and an-
other grant made subsequently by New Bruns-
wick; but our supreme court held that all treaties
made by the proper authority are the supreme
law of the land, and that they overrode all grants
made by any of the States with reference to that,
if within their jurisdiction to make. On reverting
to the fourth article of the treaty, the language is
this:
{i All equitable possessory claims arising from a posses-
