THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY JOHN C. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
New Series No. 187.
Tiiirty-Sixth Congress, 1st Sess
FfUDAY, JUNE 15, 1880.
sion and improvement of any lot or parcel of land by the
person actually in possession'1'—
That case was under a grant; but I am reading
this to show the applicability of it—
"or by those under whom such person claims for more
than six years before th«  date of this tieaty, shall, in like
manner, be deemed valid."
Not only all grants made by cither party shall
bo deemed valid within the territory of the other,
but all persons holding under a possession and
improvement are to be quieted in their possession.
Now, supposing that the question of priority of
frailt applied to the first portion of the article,
ow would it be as to the question of possession
and improvement? Mr. Little not having taken
possession and improved, he was-ousted by the
possession made valid by the fourth article. It
was an opinion that may not be satisfactory to
the Senator from North Carolina, but it settled
the question in the State of Maine. It is believed
to be sound law; nobody has questioned it since.
The courts have held in all cases that the treaty
did thus operate of its own force, it had that ef-
fect, and the people of the State of Maine were
obliged to yield to it, and there was no possibility
of carrying the question further than the supreme
court of the State of Maine, for the reason that
the question arising under the treaty was determ-
ined in favor of the validity of the treaty, and
therefore nothing further could be done about it.
Hence Mr. Little lost his land, and he came to
Congress fur indemnity,alleging that he had been
deprived of his land £hus granted under the very
act of the United States m framing this treaty, and
Congress said he Was entitled to the indemnity,
and paid him.
Now, wo cannot overturn that decision. It is
law. No matter what the design of the treaty
was, no matter what the intention was, the tieaty
was made, and the language is applicable, and it
has been construed by a competent court, and the
effect cannot be dented, it is the act of the Uni-
ted States Government, and the United States
Government must be responsible for it. The State
of Maine is not responsible in any way. Maine
contiacted for herself. She did not bind herself
to pay for any of these lands. She might not
have apprehended that such questions would have
arisen. If .she had, perhaps she would have pro-
vided for them. That some of the persons were
citizens of Maine, makes n<* difference. They
have no claim on her. It is not even her public
land; it was not granted by the State of Maine,
but by the State of Massachusetts, long ago.
Massachusetts refused indemnity in this very
case to Mr. Little, and said ho must go to the
party that had deprived him of his land. Mas-
sachusetts paid him for what had been cut off on
the other side, but would not pay him for what
had been taken on this side. That is the fact;
and that being so settled, it settled this question.
There were two other townships—the township
granted to General Eaton, and the township
granted to the Plymouth Academy Grants had
been made in these townships by the province of
New Brunswick, and possession had been taken
and improvements made for some time under
those grants. They went on and were in pos-
session of them; stripped off the timber so far as
the Umber was left upon the land. They im-
proved the land and made valuable farms. What
would have been the result but for the fourth arti-
cle of the treaty ? The owners of the land would
have commenced suits, and turned these people
all out; because, except for this provision of the
treaty, they had no title. They could take all this
land to-day, with all the improvements on it, and
instead of being worth four dollars an acre, it
would be worth twelve or twenty dollars, or per-
haps more; but the treaty cuts them off. They
can neither take the land, nor the improvements,
nor anything else. They are deprived of it alto-
gether, and by whose act? By the act of the peo-
ple of the United States, through the constituted
authorities of the United States. They have made
the treaty, which has received this construction,
and they are bound, therefore, to make it good;
187
especially, as in this very fourth article of the
treaty the United States have bound themselves
not only to quiet these titles, but to procure re-
leases—that they should have a record title, in-
stead of a mere treaty title. That is the language;
and the Senator read it, and I read it.
Mr. BRAGG. Let me interrupt the Senator
a moment. How could the United States procure
releases from private individuals?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They undertook to do it.
Ask them how. I say there is the very difficulty.
They could not force the individual to give the
title.
Mr. BRAGG. For that very reason I say they
are the titles of the individuals who are not in-
tended to be protected by the treaty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a very singular
mode of argument. When I have bound myself
in plain and unmistakable language to do a cer-
tain thing, if it turns out that 1 never could do it,
the argument of the Senator is that lam excused,
because I cannot be presumed to intend to con-
tract for what I cannot do.
Mr. BRAGG, X dislike to interrupt the Sen-
ator; but as X do not propose to reply to him,
I will give him another reason why X think it
was confined to the public land of Maine. Maine
was a party to the treaty, as you admit. Maine,
therefore, could release her lands. She went on
to do it. That shows what her purpose wasLat
that time. It is ail absurdity, it seems to me,
with all due respect to the honorable Senator, to
say that the United States bound itself to release
the titles of hiiuself and othcis in Maine, when it
had no right to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the honorable Sen-
ator allow me to ask him whether it is not just as
easy for the United States to compel an individual
to make a release as it is to compel a State to make
a release ?
Mr. BRAGG. Yes, sir; but the State agreed
to do it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir; there is no such
agreement on the part of the State of Maine any-
where. That is an assumption.
Mr. BRAGG. We differ about the fact. That
is all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator cannot find
it in the treaty. Maine did do it, because she
was a party to the treaty, so fai* as the public
lands were concerned, and she had made grants;
but there was no obligation whatever on the State
of Maine to do it, not of the slightest kind in the
world, and the Senator cannot find it. The Uri-
ted States bound themselves to procurc these re-
leases; they presumed they could, i will concede,
if the Senator desires it, that the United States
might have thought at the time that only the pub-
lic lands were in question; but the difficulty is,
we so worded the treaty that it did take away
private rights; and having so worded it and so
agreed, and these consequences having followed,
and followed for her benefit, she must make it
good, as a matter of course.
Well now, sir, how does this come? I have
stated, I believe, all the points that were made by
the Senator, in as few words as \ could. In one
particular H is the most striking thing in the
world. Two of these claimantsare women,whose
names are mentioned in the amendment; one of
thein is a widow with, I believe, an idiotic child,
and the other is a single woman, poor, not worth
a sixpence in the world. Who are they? Sir,
they are granddaughters of General Eaton, to
whom this township was granted originally: claim-
ants from whom, by this treaty of 18-12, their prop-
erty—what there was left of it—has been taken in
spite of themselves by the operation of law. All
the interest they had in this township was taken
away by the operation of the treaty. And now,
who was General Eaton? General Eaton was a
citizen of Massachusetts, who in 1804 was sent
out to Tripoli, as a secret messenger, by Mr. Jef-
ferson. He went out there for the purpose of
accomplishing a political object. He took a few
marines from one of our public vessels, and, uniting
himself with a band of Greeks and natives, crossed ,
the Lybian desert and took the city 8f Derne,
settled the question of war, and made a treaty
He did it of his own motion—a brave, admirable-
officer. He came back here, and resolutions were
introduced into the Congress of the United States
of different kinds: one to give him a township t>f
land for his gallantry ana his valuable services
performed for the United States, one to give him
a sword, and one to give him a medal.
Different propositions were made; everybody
agreeing that he had performed the most gallant
and meritorious services, and that he deserved
well of his country; but some saying that he was
not in the military service of the United States,"
and therefore it would not do to give him a sword,
although he musthave something; and those who
objected to his having land, saying it was a mat-
ter of honor and not of profit, and therefore they
would not give him land, but he should have a
sword. So, between these different opinions, al-
though all agreed that he was a most gallant man,
and had rendered great services to the country,
he slipped through, got nothing, and had to wait
several years even to have his expenses paid.
Getting nothing from the United States, theCom-
mon wealth of Massachusetts, finding that the Gen-
eral Government would do nothing for him, al-
though the services were performed for the General
Government, granted him this half township of
land, in consideration of his gallant and merito-
rious services—ten thousand acres of land. A
little residue of it—about half—was left to his
two poor granddaughters; and the act of the
Government of the United States, for the benefit
of the United States, by this treaty, haa taken
away all that they had, and now says it will
not pay them anything for it. They would not
only not give General Eaton anything for his
services, in the first place,although performed for
them, and made Massachusetts remunerate him,
but then robbed his grandchildren of what Mas-
sachusetts gave him for his services. The Sen-
ator from North Carolina, not knowing these facts,
but in the discharge of a public duty, stands up
here and argues this question on bare technicali-
ties, to prevent this little remuneration being made
to these people, with others, for the land taken
away by this treaty. That is the simple fact.
Mr. BRAGG. I should feel the full force of
the eloquent appeal made to our feelings, if I felt
myself at liberty to yield to it. Such things, how-
ever, never affect me in the discharge of my duty.
But, sir, I just now stated to the Senator fro in
Maine that the commissioners of Maine had
agreed to make these releases. The Senator pos-
itively denied it—said it was not so. Now, sir,
1 say this, that they agreed that the title to these
lands should be confirmed; and I care not whether
it was a deed of confirmation in technical language
or whether it was a release—one is substantially
the other; one is just as effectual as the other. To
show that I am right in that respect, I will simply
read one of the replies from the commissioners of
Maine to Mr. Webster:
" 2. That all giants of land within that portion of the dis-
puted teuitoiy conceded to Great Britain, made by Maine
and Massachusetts, or cither of them, shall be confirmed,
and all equitable possessory titles shall be quieted to those
who possess the claims; and we assent to a reciproeal pro-
vision lor the benefit of settleis falling within the hunts of
Maine, and we tru>t that tlie voluntary suggestion or the
British min;ster in regard to John Baker, and any others,
if there be any similarly situated, will be carried into effect,
so as io secure their rights.'"
If that does not amount to a request, and an
assent on the part of the commissioners of Maine
to confirm these titles, make them reciprocal, and
if a release be necessary to execute it, then I do
not understand the effect of language, i think I
was right in that respe'et, and the Senator was
wrong.
Mr. IVERSON. X do not propose, Mr. Pres-
ident, to enter into an examination of this case
upon its merits; for I apprehend that I should not
be listened to if I did. When the Senator from
North Carolina was making his very elaborate
speech, with a good deal of energy and spirit, I
looked around the Senate, and I think there were
