2034
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
offered by another member cannot be accepted by
the Senator who offered the original amendment.
Mr. BICE. The Senator from Alabama makes
a mistake. 1 have offered a separate amendment.
Mr. DOUGLAS. This is a new amendment
which has not been voted upon, and therefore the
modification can be accepted.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas, I do not like
the way this is going on,becauseI see very clearly
that it is producing complication. By adhering to
the regular course of business, we shall bring about
a distinct understanding, and the Senate can get
• at it in no other way. After the whole Senate
have put upon the bill an amendment, the whole
Senate must become parties to any change in that
amendment, and that by a vote of the body. For
one, I shall object to this, on account of the fact
that itdoes bring about a complication which once
drove the whole subject out of the Senate back to
the committee, to bo brought here m a simplified
condition. The amendment that was put on the bill
yesterday is now acknowledged, by its principal
authors, to be incomplete, imperfect, ana in need
of some further and more distinct declaration on
its part to do what was really desired by them,
and to do nothing more. That is the condition of
it. Now let the vote be taken upon it; and when
they themselves feel that it is wrong, let it be
voted down, and let them then present the amend-
ment which they want to present.
I will say, m regard to the improved proposition
which has been submitted to-day by the Senator
from Minnesota, winch he thinks himself js more
just and better adapted to this bill and to the cir-
cumstances of his own people, it is a decided
improvement upon the amendment which was
adopted at his suggestion yesterday. There is
no doubt of that; but still I cannot but regard it
as justly subject to serious criticism, which ought
to defeat its adoption. We cannot, however, go
into a debate upon two or three different propo-
sitions at the same time. If we act intelligently,
we must take these propositions one at a time. I
do not-wish to present an argument against the
original amendment when it is acknowledged not
to be correct by the movers of it. Let us take
the vote upon that, with the understanding that
there is to be no effort to enforce it upon us with-
out a hearing, and then wo can take the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Minnesota an<l give the
reasons which exist why it should or should not
be adopted.
Mr. RICE. I merely wish to aslc the Senator
from Arkansas, the chairman of the Committee
on Public Lands of the Senate, to allow me to
substitute this, by common consent, for the
amendment that was adopted yesterday, and then
let the question come up on this amendment.
Mr. PUCrH. We had better vote in regular
order. Let us vote; in regular order on the com-
mittee's amendments and finish them, and then
let the Senator from Minnesota offer his.
Mr. RICK. I admit that is the regular order;
but what 1 propose has been done almost every
day since I have been in the Senate. When a
particular proposition is admitted by the minority
to be more acceptable than one already pending,
they, by common consent, agree to substitute it
for the other, and let the discussion go oil on that,
i am not wron<* in that, surely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment made ill committee must be acted on in the
Senate,and a new proposition cannot be received
us a substitute for jt except by unanimous con-
sent. The question will be taken oil the amend-
ment of the committee, unless some Senator
wishes to be heard fiuther upon it.
The Secretary read the amendment, which is
in section one, line nine,after the word " entry,"
to insert the words " or preemption."
Mr. CLAY. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. They have
already been ordered.
Mr, PUCtH. As the Senator from Minnesota
abandons this amendment, I will withdraw the
demand for the yeas and nays. I presume it is
to be voted down.
Mr. RICE. I am informed that it would be in
accordance with the rules of the Senate to move
this as an amendment to the amendment which 1
offered yesterday in committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstood the Senator to say that he would with-
draw it, and let the question be taken on the
amendment of the committee. It would be in
order to move it as an amendment to the amend-
ment. Does the Senator make that motion ?
Mr. RICE. I do, if it is in order, because lam
satisfied it is less objectionable than the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the proposed amendment to the amend-
ment.
The Secretary read it—to strike out the words
"or preemption," in the ninth line of the first
section, and to insert:
Or upon lands in the States and Territories which were
surveyed prior to the 1st day of January, 1860, and were
subject to preemption, not including, however, any sections
of land reserved to the United States, alternate to other
sections granted to any of the States for the construction
of any railroad or other public improvement; nor to in-
clude any other reservations by the Government or the laws
of the United States for any purpose; nor to include the
mineral lands of the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. LANE. I do not know that I understand,
in the present shape of the bill, the exact effect of
this amendment; but if I do understand it aright,
it is to make the provisions of this bill applicable
to any surveyed lands, whether they have "been
offered at public sale or not.
Mr. PUGH. Yes, sir; that is the effect of it.
Mr. LANE. The bill, as it was reported, by
the Committee on Public Lands, extended the
privilege of obtaining a home to a settler on any
public lands that were subject to sale at private
entry, whether in a State or Territory. It did
not discriminate between a State and a Territory;
but it was based upon the understanding, that the
public lands must be brought into market before
they should be subject to entry, at the reduced
price of twenty-fivo ccnts an acre, as provided by
this bill. Now, this amendment, if adopted,
breaks us the whole arrangement of the provis-
ions of the bill, as matured by the committee
after great deliberation. The bill itself is an in-
novation, and a very important one, upon the
present land system; but it is such a one as, in
my judgment, will work well to the country; and
it will not very materially effect the Treasury or
the resources of the country to place it in the
power of such persons as desire to do so to ob-
tain a home, under the provisions of the bill, by a
five years'residence,and then bypaying twenty-
five cents an acre. Not content with these op-
portunities, with this great privilege conferred by
the provisions of this bill upon everybody, of
taking a homestead from such lands as have been
offered at private entry, occupying it for five
years, and then paying twenty-five cents an acre,
it is now proposed to embrace all surveyed lands,
not only in the State of Minnesota, but in all
other States and Territories. My friend from
Minnesota thinks my judgment was in error,
though he has done me the favor to say that he
knows my heart is always right; and I thmlc that
is so; but, under this amendment, he would ex-
tend the privilege asked for the settlers of Min-
nesota to all other public lands that have been
surveyed. Now, I think this a bad provision;
but, if it be adopted for the benefit of the people
of a State, then I go with the Senator from Illi-
nois, and say the people of the Territories ought
to have the same privilege.
Mr. RICE. So do I.
Mr. LANE. Hut this was urged first for the
State of Minnesota. I am sure my attachment
for that State is as strong as for Oregon. I dis-
criminate not at all in my attachment between sec-
tions of this country. It is my country, every
inch of it; and I would be as just to Minnesota
as I would to Oregon. I would ask nothing for
Oregon that 1 would not extend to Minnesota, or
any other State in this Union. The people of
Minnesota have been fortunate. I do not think
they have much right to complain. They have
had railroad grants. They have had all the facili-
ties that they could have expected, and more than
any other new State ever had from this Govern-
ment. The Senator from Illinois said truly that
the Senator from Minnesota, when he was a Dele-
gate in the other House, and his predecessor in
that position, had been able to do more for Min-
nesota, while aTerritory, than ever has been done
for any other Territory. More money was ap-
propriated for Minnesota than was appropriated
during her territorial existence for every other
Territory belonging to the .Union. She seems to
have been a pet. She had favors more than others,
at the expense of the whole country, out of the
common Treasury, that was a tax bearing equally
on the northern and southern pprtion of this coun-
try; and now they would break up and "defeat a
beautiful system; they would break up and de-
feat the bringing into operation a law that has for
its purpose a great object; that has for its pur-
pose the placing it in the power of every man,
however poor he may be, to obtain a home, be-
cause they cannot get all they want! Sir, I desire
to do something for that class whom this hill will
benefit. No man in the Senate has a warmer feel-
ing for, or a stronger desire to benefit the poor
man than I have. He who earns his living by
the sweat of his brow has a warm place m my
affcctions always; and for him I propose to legis-
late; and I propose to do it upon a system that con
become a law. I want a law. I want this bill
to pass. I am a friend of the measure. It is a
beautiful one as it came from the Committee on
Public Lands; but if you break it up in this par-
ticular, if you extend its provisions as well to land
that has not been brought into market as to land
that is in the market, you defeat the bill. It/will
never become a law; and, in my opinion, nereS-
ought to become a law. Then why will gentle-
men who pretend to be the friends of the poor
man, who say they would like to place it in his
power to obtain a homestead, a permanentliome,
and that at the cheap price of twenty-five cents
an acre, insist on a provision that will defeat this
bill, if they get it incorporated into it? At least,
in my judgment, that will be the* effect of it.
I ask this, Mr. President, m behalf of that por-
tion of the people that I am endeavoring to pro-
vide for, together with the originator of this bill,
the honorable Senator from Tennessee, [Mi. John-
son,] who has worked at it for ten years. It 13
Ills measure, although my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] would rob him of the credit of it, and
claim that it was the measure of the other side of
the House. He said that he had been standing
here, session after session, urging the homestead
as a measure brought up by that side, and he took
the credit of it. Sir, the credit of it belongs to the
honorable Senator from Tennessee, and not to
them. He has worked earnestly, in good faith,
for that class of people in whose hands we desire
to place land at a cheap rate. He is entitled to
the credit of it; and I, in as good faith as he or
any other man, am laboring to get a law based
upon correct principles—one that can become a
statute—that will place it in the power of every
man to get his home at twenty-five cents an acre.
These gentlemen will defeat the bill, in my opin-
ion, if they insist on this amendment—defeat the
great object that the mover of the bill had, and
the friends of the measure have—which is to place
it in the power of all to go upon the public lands
that have been brought into market, that have
been offered for sale at public auction, that can be
entered at private entry, and there take their homo
and live upon it, and pay for their one hundred
and sixty acres at twenty-five cents an acre. I
hope earnestly, for the sake of the important pro-
visions of this bill, that the amendment will bo
voted down.
Mr. FITCH. I desire to make an announce-
ment, in connection with this bill. I am under
the necessity of leaving the city for a few days,
and desire to vote on the bill. It has been or may
become so changed by the pending amendments,
and those to be offered, that 1 have found some
difficulty in pairing off; but I have finally secured
the Senator from Texas, [Mr. Wigfall,] who
is so opposed to the bill in all its phases, that I
feel that a pair-off with him is perfectly safe.
Mr. RICE. I wish now simply to say to the
Senate that the explanation made by the Senator
from Oregon has satisfied mc of one thing, most
conclusively; and in stating it, I do not wish to
take from the Senator from Tennessee the credit
of being the father of the measure; but if he and
the Senator from Oregon are acting together, if
they are united in their opinions, I am forced to
come to the conclusion that they prefer to give
protection to the men that may be imported into
this country hereafter, rather than to our own
citizens that have gone to the frontier andendured
i the hardships of a frontier life. That is the onl y
1 conclusion that I can come to. The reading of
