2978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
not more than three or four gentlemen in the whole
Se«ateattending-to his argument, and I apprehend
that even the eloquent Senator from Maine has
scarce been heard by the Senate; and if these gen-
tlemen have not been able to attract the attention
of the Senate, certainly nothing that I should say
would have any effect: My voice may be heard,
but I apprehend that my argument would scarcely
be listened to or attended to. 1 do not propose,
therefore, to enter into the argument of the case,
but I merely wish to give my reasons why I am
going to vote to admit this claim upon this appro-
priation bill. That is the question before the Sen-
ate, whether this amendment shall be permitted
to be put upon an appropriation bill.
As 1 understand the case, and I have had it
under my consideration for the last four years, the
occupants, who were in possession of these lands
in the disputed territory between the Governments
of the United States and Great Britain during the
negotiation of the Ashburton treaty, under the
stipulations of the fourth article of the treaty,
were to be protected in their occupant titles. The
Governments of the United States and of Great
Britain entered into a solemn obligation with each
other that they would protect and quiet the titles
of these occupant settlers. How were they to doit,
and under what circumstances? Here was a dis-
puted territory, in which these persons were set-
tled and were living. It was doubtful where the
line would run when it was finally adjusted. The
Government of the United States undertook and
did stipulate with Great Britain, that when this
line was ascertained, if any persons fell within
the jurisdiction of the United States occupying
those lands for si-x years antciior to the treaty,
the United States would quiet the title of the oc-
cupants. Gtuiet it how? By purchasing out the
legal title of the legal owners. That is the obli-
gation; and Great Britain, on the other hand, un-
dertook, and did stipulate, that if any of these
occupants fell upon her side of the line, she would
quiet their title by purchasing the paramount title
of the legal owners. That is the mutual obliga-
tion of the two contracting parties. When the
line came to be run, it was found that a number
of these persons were within the jurisdiction of
the United States; they had been settled for six
years previous to the treaty. The Government
of the United States then was under solemn ob-
ligation to protect their titles by purchasing up,
if they could do so, at leant the title of the legal
owners, those who held the paramount title.
The legal owners—the claimants in this amend-
ment—came to Congress,and asked that Congress
should appropriate-money to indemnify them for
their title. They said, " you have taken away
these lands from us by this treaty. You have un-
dertaken to guaranty the possession of these occu-
pants, these men who went there without title.
They went there and squatted on our lands. You
have stipulated to quiet their title, and to protect
them in the enjoyment of the land, by purchasing
out our tille. We are the legal owners of this
land." They came here and asked Congress to
pay them a reasonable indemnity for that legal
title of which they were deprived by this stipu-
lation of the treaty of 184:2. There is the whole
obligation. They came to Congress, and de-
manded their rights. They asked Congress to
pay them for the lands which the United States
nad thus actually, by force, by the stipulation of
the treaty, taken from them, and given to other
parties who had settled upon them. Congress
refused, year after year, to do anything, to listen
to their petition. But six years ago, if I remem-
ber correctly, the Senate passed a resolution in-
structing the Committee on Claims to take such
eteps as in their judgment were best calculated to
ascertain the facts in the case; to ascertain who
were the legal owners of this land, and whether
the occupants had been in possession six years
anterior to the treaty, and what was the value of
the land, so that Congress might be informed on
the subject, and do justice to all the parties con-
cerned. The Committee on Claims did not of
their own volition send this agent to Maine to
look into these questions, I was not then in Con-
gress. It was before I took a seat in the Senate
that the resolution was passed and the agent sent.
An impartial and intelligent agent was sent by the
Committee on Claims, under the authority and
direction of a resolution of the Senate. He* went
to Maine, he went upon the land, he examined
personally each tract, ho inquired into, and ex-
amined upon testimony, the value of each tract
of land, the reasonable compensation which ought
to be given to the legal owners of the titles; and
he ascertained, too, who were the legal owners of
the land. He investigated the records of the States
of Maine and Massachusetts, and ascertained that
these claimants who are now here petitioning; for
redress were, in fact, the legal owners of the titles
against which the Government of the United States
had set up the occupant or possessory title of
these squatters by the treaty of 1842. He ascer-
tained that these were the parties holding the legal
title. He ascertained that, beyond dispute, by
examination of the records of the States of Maine
and Massachusetts. He ascertained who were
the occupants, who were protected by the fourth
article of the treaty of 1842. He examined wit-
nesses as to the value of the land, and he made
his report to Congress, which has been laid on
the desks of Senators and is accessible to allHe
there assessed this land, together with the injury
which the owners had sustained by the abstraction
of the timber,at fourdollars peracre;and that now
is the indemnity which this amendment provides
shall be given to the legal owners, the persons
who have the legal title, the paramount title to
this property, and from whom the Government
is under obligations to purchase the title for the
benefit of the occupants. He ascertained that
four dollars an acre was a reasonable compensa-
tion, and these parties? eonsent to take it.
The Senator from North Carolina says that this
obligation cannot exist on the part of the Govern-
ment, because it was impossible for the Govern-
ment to force these parties to sell their title. So
it was; but still the obligation exists, and all that
thefGovernment can do, within the bounds of
reason and justice and equity, is to pay to these
legal owners what is the reasonable indemnity,
as ascertained by proof, for their legal title, and
thus quiet and confirm the occupant claims.
These parties have been knocking at the door of
Congress for redress for eighteen years. This
obligation of the Government inured in 1842; and
they have been coming here and asking you, for
eighteen years, to give to them what you are
bound by every principle of honor, as well as
justice and law, to give to them; that is, to pay
them for the land which you have taken from
them by the force of this treaty, and put into the
possession of other parties. Tlvy ask you to-
day only to give them the four dollars an acre,
the value of the land, and a reasonable compensa-
tion for the property of which you have despoiled
them, and th* y ask no interest even upon this
amount; and yet it is refused. Even this act of
simple justice you refuse; and you say you will
not appropriate a dollar to pay your obligations,
and to conform to the solemn stipulations of this
treaty. I say, sir, it is an act of gross injustice
to these parties. They are entitled to this money.
They are willing to take it at your hands, and
give you releases which you have bound your-
self by the sacred obligations of your treaty to
accomplish and attain for these occupants; and
if the Government does not do this, the Govern-
ment stands m the position of a man whom you
cannot control, and takes advantage of its sover-
eign power, if it has any sovereign power, to
despoil your citizens of their just claims and
rights.
I trust, sir, that the American Senate will never
consentto perpetrate so gross an outrage on Amer-
ican citizens; and the reason why I propose to
vote to put this amendment upon this appro-
priation bill is, that this measure was introduced
upon the Private Calendar as a private bill at
the early part of the session, and received the
sanction #f the Senate—even of the Senator from
North Carolina himself. In the Committee on
Claims that Senatorexamined this case fully, and
gave his acquiescence to tfofcreport which the com-
mittee made in favor of the bill; and, when that
bill was up in the Senate, it was discussed and
decided, and the Senator from North Carolina, if
I mistake not, voted for the bill. I will not say
positively that he did so; but I know the bill
passed by an overwhelming majority 
Mr. BRAGG. Did the Senator hear my ex-
planation of that matter ?
Mr. IVERSON. I did not.
Mr. BRAGG. What I said, I suppose, is on
the record.
Mr. IVERSON. I only speak of my recollec-
tion. I know what occurred in committee. I do
not now recollect distinctly what occurred in the
Senate when the bill was under consideration,
and passed this body. I know that the bill passed
the Senate by an overwhelming majority. I do
not now remember that there was much opposi-
tion to it; perhaps none; the Senator says none.
Then it must have met his acquiescence. If he
believed that this was an unjust claim, as he now
professes and argues, it was his solemn duty to
have interposed his objection and his arguments
against it at that time; but, sir, new lights have
sprung on the Senator's mind, and he is now op-
posed to a claim which, not six weeks ago, he
acknowledged, in the face of the world, was a just
one. I do not complain of his change of opinion.
Every man has a right to change his opinion; but
I say it is extraordinary that the Senator should,
with so much pertinacy and energy, resist a
claim to which he, six weeks ago, even in com-
mittee and in this body, did not object.
Mr. BRAGG. The Senator still insists, after
I have told that I had made an explanation of that
matter, in a total misrepresentation of my posi-
tion. I said to the Senate before, and I repeat it
again to the honorable Senator, and I think he
ought to have been more cautious, after I had
stated to him that I had explained my position—
I stated (and the Senator ought to know it) that
in committee I gave my assent to this claim with
great reluctance, thatl had my doubts about it,
that I had not an opportunity of that full investi-
gation which I subsequently had; that I was in-
duced to make that examination by what occurred
in the other House; and on making that investiga-
tion I had become satisfied that this claim had no
meiit in it, that it is not within the treaty; and if
it were to be considered as within the treaty, or
discussed on that point, it had no merit of itself.
That is what I said; yet the*Senator persists in
stating that 1 had assented to it in committee, that
I did not oppose it hero, and that I assented to it
here. Now, sir, the honorable Senator ought to
know, if he chooses to speak here of what occurred
m committee, what did occur, and if he states it
correctly, he will state what I have stated here
now.
Mr. IVERSON. I did not hear the Senator's
explanation to-day; and when he interrupted me,
he only referred to the explanation without stat-
ing what it was, and of course I did not under-
stand what it was.
Mr. BRAGG. I thought when I had done that,
the honorable Senator would at least have had
the kindness towards me to inquire what the ex-
planation was before he made the violent assault.
Mr. IVERSON. I only state the fact which
the Senator himself (foes nut dispute, that in com-
mittee he approved of the action of the committee
in reporting the bill. I understood the Senator
then merely to have doubts in relation to the
value, not m relation to the principle at all. I
may have misunderstood him, but that was my
impression.
Mr. BRAGG. If the Senator will allow me, I
will say further, that for myself—and fallow him
the same privilege—though I may assent to a
measure in committee or here, if I become satis-
fied afteiwards that the measure is one which
ought not to receive my support, I shall not hes-
itate on any occasion, whatever may be the opin-
ion of the Senator from Georgia, to express my
opinion freely and fully, or to change my vote
if it be necessary, as I consider.
Mr. IVERSON. I shall not dispute the duty
of the Senator or his course. Certainly he has a
right to change his opinion whenever he chooses,
on any subjcct and on all subjects. I mention
the fact simply to show,^hat where a Senator lias
been once convinced in favor of a claim, and then
goes in opposition to it, his arguments against it
ought to be received with many grams of allow-
ance.
I do not propose, Mr. President, to go further
into this matter. Here is the simple languageof
! the treaty, by which this Governmentundei takes
a solemn obligation to quiet these possessory
claims, and to purchase out the legal title. There
is the language which no man can dispute ormis-
understand, and if any man can put a different
construction on that language than such as 1 have
put, I think lie is a greater casuist than even the
Senator from North Carolina. The language is
