1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2035
the bill and the reading of the amendments will
bear me out in it. ^11 I ask is to put the settleis,
who have gone into the West, of our own blood,
of our own nation, on an equal footing with those
that may be brought in. They seek to exclude
them from the benefit of the bill, and to give it to
those that may come hereafter.
Mr. LANE. That is no intention of mine, at
ail.
Mr. RICE. I then most strangely misunder-
stood the Senator from Oregon, and I think the
record will bear me out.
Mr. DOUGLAS. X wish to suggest another
amendment to the amendment offered by the Sen-
ator from Minnesota, which I hope he will ac-
cept. It is to strike out the words " which were
suj^eyed prior to the 1st of January, 1860," and
insert ''which are or may be subject to preemp-
tion."
Mr. PUG-H. I will say to the Senator from
Illinois, that this is all circumlocution. What the
Senator from Minnesota leally wants, is to strike
four or five words out of the bill; to strike out the
words "and become subject to private entry."
If he takes these words out, he gets his object.
That is the whole issue. Will the Senate keep that
provision in the bill, or strike it out?
Mr. DOUGLAS. What I wish is, that all
lands subject to preemption shall be subject to
Mr. WADE. That is right; let us have it so.
Mr. DOUGLAS. There are further provisions
in the Senator's amendment which I like,except-
ing from the operations of this bill the alternate
sections reserved in the railroad grants.
Mr. PUGH. They are not subject to preemp-
tion, except m a few exceptional cases.
Mr. DOUGLAS. Eat it is to make it clear as
to all those excepted cases that i think these ex-
clusions ought to be stated in the bill. It ought
to be clear that it docs not apply to mineral lands.
It ought to be clear that it does not apply to lands
reserved for any special purpose. It ought to be
clear that it only applies to those lands which are
open to general settlement. I think these parts
of the amendment now offered by the Senator
from Minnesota have great merit in them, and
ought to be adopted. If he will consent to strike
out the words of which I speak, so as not to re-
strict it to lands surveyed prior to the 1st of last
January, and make it applicable to lands which
are or may be subject to preemption, then the bill
will be in the shape in which I think it ought to
be.
Mr. PJCE. I wish to say to the Senator from
Illinois that his views in regard to that point meet
mine; but I modified the amendment in that re-
spect, mostly for the purpose of preventing a de-
feat of the measure, because 1 want the principle
established; and I would rather go to a certain
extent and secure the principle than ask too much
and defeat the whole measure.
Mr. DOUGLAS. I cannot conceive how we
endanger the bill and contribute to defeat the
measure by making it more acceptable to its
friends; and inasmuch as the Senator from Min-
nesota and myself agree that this ought to be the
bill, and inasmuch as it is very clear that we have
a majority to pass the bill m the,shape in which
we think it ought to be, 1 believe we are adding
strength to it rather than weakening it bypeifect-
ing it. I cannot peicu\e how it is possible that
this amendment tends to defeat the bill when it
drives no man against it. I do not know of a
man in the body who will vote against it because
of this change. If there should be some, still, I
think, it would gain more votes than it would
lose. At any rate, there is a decided, overwhelm-
ing majority for some homestead bill, and there-
fore 1 do not understand the point of the argument
that tins is calculated to defeat the measure.
Mr. HARLAN. Would it be in order now to
offer a substitute for both the original amendment
of the Committee of the Whole and the proposed
amendment of the Senator from Minnesota?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opinion
of the Chair, it would not.
Mr. WILKINSON. Mr. President, the real
question involved in this amendment, as presented
by the objections urged to it by the Senator from
Oregon, is simply this: shall the public lands be
first offered for sale at public auction by the Gov-
ernment, and all the valuable lands be bid in by
speculators, and the bencficiaries of this bill be
limited to the worthless swamp lands, and to the
knobs and hills that are left and regarded as
utterly worthless by those people/who attend the
land sales? *
Mr. LANE. The Senator will allow me to say
that he is not doing justice to the bill, or to my
understanding of it, or to the view I took, when
he says that when the public lands are brought
into market they will be bid up by speculators to
the prejudice of those who settle under the bill.
On the contrary, Mr. President, the bill provides
that all persons who have taken preemptions shall
be protected; that they shall have two years from
the time the land is brought into market to pay
for it at §1 25 an acre. The bill is so guarded
that no settler who has taken a claim under the
preemption law can be affected; but he will be
allowed to remain on it, and to pay for it at the
rate he contracted to pay. We do not propose to
violate any contract, to oust or to dispossess any
man who lias taken a preemption claim, and offer
it for sale to a speculator; but we give him two
years to pay for it, at §1525 an acre. Are not all
those settlers in Minnesota who have taken claims
protected under the provisions of this bill? It
would be very unjust to me to say that I would
bring their homes into market, and allow the spec-
ulators to purchase them out and rob them of their
improvements. No such thing, sir. We provide
that these men shall have two years after the bill
passes to pay for their lands the price they stip-
ulated to pay when they went upon them.
Mr. WILKINSON. Theonlyadvantagewhich
the Senator would deme from this bill would be
merely an extension of the time of payment.
Under the present law, the prciimptor who settles
on the Government land prior to the Government
sales has the right to enter it at 25 an acre.
Consequently, the vast benefit that the Senator
from Oregon talks about dwindles itself down to
this: that he has time extended to him for pay-
ment, and nothing more. It is, in reality, no ben-
efit at all. It does not amount to a fig to the set-
tlers upon the Government land—I mean the early
settlers, the men who go there m the first instance,
the men who endure the toil and the hardships of
pioneer life. The whole of it is a mere ghtteiing
show—mere clap-tiap. If this bill is intended for
the benefit of the actual settlers on the Govern-
ment lands, those who go there for the purpose of
making themselves a home, make it in reality
what you pretend that you wish to make it—make
it what will be of some service to the actual set-
tler on the Government lands.
I have all respect for the Committee on Public
Lands, as much as any other man; but I do not
know that in my votes here 1 am to be governed
by their decisions or by their judgment. I rcgaid
it as I regard the judgment of other Senators
around m«-; and 1 will plaec as much confidence
and as much respect in their decision, after hav-
ing maturely'deliberated any mi axuro, as I wiil
in the conclusions of other gentlemen occupying
seats on this floor. But, sir, I have long lesided
in the West, and know as much as some otheis
here m regard to the application of the land laws.
In my judgment, it amounts to but very little to
put the Government lands into market; have all
the valuable lands, all the wood lands, and all the
lands bordering upon streams, sold to specula-
tors, and leave the lands which are worth noth-
iug to be selected and settled upon under the op-
eration of this bill. It is but a trifle better than
the benefits which are now offered by the present
graduation laws. You are leaving the worthless
lands to the beneficiaries of this bill, whilst all
that are valuable may be bought by speculators,
who have the money to buy them, if the Sen-
ator from Oregon, who represents a new State,
wishes to benefit the class of citizens who emi-
grate early into the new States, then he should
j provide for those who go there m the first instance;
' those who, as my colleague said—and very wisely
and very justly said—endure the toils and the pri-
vations of pioneer life.
Mr. President, I regard this amendment as vital
as the Senator from Ohio regards it. It is im-
portant, and, in my judgment, it is all that is
worth anything in this bill; and it will be found
that, when this bill is submitted to the people
who have lived under the present land laws, and
made their settlement early in the new States,
their verdict will be, that it is all that is worth
anything in this bill. I would still vote for the
bill, for the purpose of establishing the principle;
I would vote for it, out of respect to the Senator
from Tennessee, who is, I believe, truly a.friend
of this measure; but I should, at the same time,
not regard it as of any particular practical benefit.
It seems to me that any Senator who has resided
in the western country, who understands prac-
i tically the operation of our present land la^s,
cannot hesitate for one moment to vote for this
amendment. The bill is not what it purports to be,
if you strike it out; it is not a benefit to the poor
man; it is not a homestead bill; it is not of any-
particular benefit to the people of this country.
What do you do ? You go and offer all the lands
at public auction, and you invite all the people of
this country—the capitalists, the moneyed men—
to come in and buy them up at auction at what-
ever they see fit to bid. They may run land up
to twenty dollars an acre. You invite them to
come and buy every valuable piecc of land in the
country; and then, that which is worth nothing
you offer to the actual settler; and you call that
a homestead bill, a great measure for the relief of
actual settlers on the public land. The Senator
from Oregon would say to them, "go and drain the
swamps; go and occupy the knobs and the hills;
go where there is nothing but fever and ague,
and take this and cultivate it as you will, and we
give it to you at twenty-five cents an acre, and it
is a great benefit to you." If a man in Massa-
chusetts, or in Georgia, or South Carolina, had
urged that argument, 1 should not have thought
so strangely of it; but that the Senator from
Oregon should urge such an argument in the Sen-
ate of the United States—a man who has lived.and
toiled among the hardy settlers of the new States—
is astonishing to one. I can well see the objec-
tions which Senators of those Suites could raise,
but I do not see why any Senator from a new
State should urge such a projiosition in the Seri-
ate of the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. I am at a loss
to see how any Senator who represents a new State
can assail this bill m the manner in which it has
been assailed by the Senator from Minnesota, who
lias just taken his seat. His assault is on the Sen-
ator from Oregon, who proposes to get some meas-
ure which shall do good to the people of his own
country; and the Senator from Minnesota seeks
to destroy the bill which that Senator proposes to
support, and which he feels will secure these ben-
efits to his people, if it is allowed to pass. He
opposes it; and for what purpose? For the pur-
pose of procuring a pioposition todo them greater
irood; and to secure that, he endeavors to defeat
that which will certainly do them much good;and
with no other object, as I sincerely believe, than
on account of the political effect that it will have.
What is meant is simply this, and no more: that
they may brt able to proclaim—when they have so
fixed this bill that it cannot receive the sanction
of Congress, or, if it shall pass Congress, that it
cannot receive the sanction of the Executive—that
they did everything for the settlers and the people
of the new States, and that the Democratic party
refused everything.
Mr. RICE rose.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Arkansas. Excuse me; 1
am not addressing you, sir, for I know you have
no such design. The Democratic party, by the
bill before us, tender those points of good and ben-
efit which ok- consistent with the public interest,
which are consistent with the interests of the
Treasury, and consistent with the patriotism of
the people of the new States, who are not so self-
ish as they are represented to be. They are not
so selfish as to ask everything and take everything
for themselves from their fellow-citizsns of the
residue of the nation. The Democratic party seek
to give that which is reasonable; but the Senator
from Minnesota [Mr. Wilkinson] will not accept
it, nor will those who act with him, though they
must know that when they change the character
of the bill so as to include all the public lands,
surveyed and unsurveyed—theunoffered lands of
every description—it must be defeated. They
will go back to their constituency, and when they
are asked,why did you do this?" they eangive
no other reason for it, and give a frank one, than
that they wished to throw a burden upon us.
They will be asked: "if you could not gctall you
wanted, why cut us off from that just measure of
relief which was proposed and which could have
been obtained? Why did you not take a little
